speaker_heading: SPLICE
dialog: by
dialog: Vincenzo Natali Antoinette Terry
dialog: and
dialog: Doug Taylor
dialog: 4.10.07
dialog: Producer: Steven Hoban
dialog: Copperheart Entertainment Inc.
dialog: steve@copperheart.ca
dialog: (416) 516-4950
dialog: Copyright 2007
speaker_heading: BLACKNESS
text: A MUFFLED HEARTBEAT. Faster than normal, and quickening.
text: A SLIVER OF BLINDING LIGHT cuts through the darkness,
text: revealing the constricting walls of a fleshy liquid-filled
text: chamber. The walls close in, squeezing us towards the light.
text: Our heartbeat becomes LOUDER and FASTER. The walls spasm
text: again with an oddly mechanical THROB.
scene_heading: THRRRUMP - THRRRUMP - THRRRUMP
text: We are experiencing the POV of an infant's birth. The LIGHT
text: expands until we are engulfed in WHITENESS. With a WET
text: FLUSHING SOUND, we are abruptly spit from the womb.
text: As our vision adjusts, the WHITE LIGHT DIMINISHES until we
dialog: can make out colors, and shapes, and...
scene_heading: INT. BIRTHING CHAMBER -- DAY
text: MAINTAIN POV: The faces of TWO MASKED DOCTORS lean in, serious
text: and intent. Behind them are SEVERAL ASSISTANTS. One records
text: the event with a digital cam-corder.
text: OUR HEARTBEAT bangs rapidly. The male doctor, CLIVE NICOLI,
dialog: speaks...
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Vitals?
text: The female doctor, ELSA KAST, glances at a bank of monitors.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Stable.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
text: Severing support.
text: Clive deftly cuts the umbilical cord with a scalpel. OUR
text: HEARTBEAT slows. Subsiding. The room grows dim.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Dropping. Dropping fast!
text: A HIGH-PITCHED WHINE sounds from the panel. Clive jerks his
text: head to the monitors, annoyed. Elsa's eyes flit above her
text: mask to the vital signs, to us, back to Clive.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Do it.
text: Clive leans in, slapping with a rubber-gloved hand.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: C'mon... spark!
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: BREATHE, DAMN IT!
text: A SUDDEN CHOKING SOUND. GURGLING. And a GASPING FOR AIR.
text: The HIGH-PITCHED WHINE turns silent. We are SUCKING IN our
text: first breaths. Our vision BRIGHTENS again.
text: The Doctors relax. Clive shakes his head, delighted. He
text: presses a stethoscope BENEATH OUR LINE OF VISION.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Respiration stable.
text: Elsa gathers us up in a white towel.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: No obvious physical discrepancies.
text: As she swings us around the lab towards a dome-covered
dialog: incubator, we see that we have been birthed not from a mother,
text: but from the latex mouth of an ARTIFICIAL BIRTHING MACHINE.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (excited)
dialog: He's perfect. He's just fucking
dialog: perfect!
text: Elsa places us gently into A CRIB-LIKE bubble. They pull
text: off their masks revealing beaming, youthful faces.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (as a compliment to
dialog: Clive)
dialog: Of course. He was brilliantly
dialog: conceived.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (as a compliment to
dialog: Elsa)
text: And fabulously executed.
text: He leans over and gives her a congratulatory kiss.
scene_heading: INT. NOVAPHORM LABS - CORRIDOR -- DAY
text: The lab is naked, functional and illuminated under stultifying
text: florescent light. This is the gritty reality of contemporary
dialog: genetic engineering.
text: Clive and Elsa, sans medical smocks, wheel the pod-like
text: incubator down the corridor. We get our first good look at
dialog: them:
dialog: 3.
text: Clive, early thirties, is tall with spiky hair and a hunched,
dialog: wiry grace. He's the kind of high school nerd who managed
dialog: to morph into college cool, without ever realizing he was
dialog: once a nerd.
text: Elsa, about the same age, sports a tangled brunette mane
text: accented by a single streak of white hair. She's a
text: firecracker, brimming with happy self-assurance that comes
dialog: from a lifetime of being the smartest girl in the room.
text: As they reach the end of the corridor, Clive betrays a hint
dialog: of concern.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Maybe we should wait.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: They need to imprint.
scene_heading: INT. CONTAINMENT CHAMBER -- DAY
text: The door opens and Clive and Elsa roll in the incubator. The
text: room is small and sterile.
text: Clive crosses to a cage on the floor and releases a BIZARRELY
text: UNIDENTIFIABLE CREATURE. She has the stance of a small
text: primate, though her face is almost pig-like. A long, lizard
text: tail extends from the base of her spine. Her skin is pale,
text: a collection of bizarre orifices decorate her back.
text: Despite her predominantly monstrous appearance, there is
text: something sweet, almost Buddha-like about her countenance.
text: Elsa captures the moment with a SMALL CAMCORDER.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: C'mon, Ginger... Come meet your little
dialog: brother.
text: GINGER crawls tentatively to the threshold of her cage.
text: Clive breaks the seal on the dome and gathers up the NEWBORN
dialog: HYBRID. This is our first view of FRED, a_smaller version
text: of Ginger. Eyes blinking and bewildered.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM -- DAY
text: Clive and Elsa's team observe this historic event from behind
text: a one-way mirror. They watch enraptured as...
scene_heading: INT. CONTAINMENT CHAMBER -- DAY
text: Clive places Fred gently down on the floor near Ginger, and
text: steps back. Ginger cranes her neck, sniffing the air,
text: watching Fred with a mixture of curiosity and trepidation.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: It's okay, Ginger. He's family.
text: GINGER ABRUPTLY JOLTS FORWARD, lunging at the newborn with a
scene_heading: BLOOD-CURDLING SCREECH.
text: Elsa GASPS. Clive lurches to rescue...
text: But Ginger does nothing. Merely sniffs at the newborn,
text: nudging it with her nose. Fred emits a PURRING GURGLE.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM -- DAY
text: The team release a collective sigh of relief.
scene_heading: INT. CONTAINMENT CHAMBER -- DAY
text: Clive relaxes, watches with fascination as...
text: Excited, Ginger lets out a SHORT SQUAWK, then continues her
text: gentle smelling inspection. A probing tongue cleans the
text: area around Fred's eyes. Elsa crouches in for a close-up,
text: catching her breath.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: See? Love at first sight.
scene_heading: INT. HYPERSPACE LOUNGE -- NIGHT
text: An ultra-hip club.
text: Clive hands THE BARTENDER some bills and departs from the
text: bar with an enormous tray of multi-colored shooters. As he
text: pushes through the crowd, we recognize several of his
text: colleagues from the lab, each helping themselves to a shot,
text: lightening his load.
text: Among them is DEXTER, forties, Clive's right hand man and
text: older, less-impressive brother. He nonetheless exudes
text: unadulterated fraternal pride, giving Clive a crushing hug
text: which nearly sends the tray flying.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: You did it, Maestro.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: We did it. And stop calling me
dialog: ‘that'. I'm your brother for fuck's
dialog: sake.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: I'll only stop saying it when you
dialog: stop being brilliant... Maestro.
dialog: 10
text: Dexter releases him and Clive continues through the group,
text: distributing shots and getting congratulatory slaps on the
text: back. He finally arrives at the corner booth where Elsa is
text: deep in discussion with MELINDA FINCH, a smartly dressed
text: reporter from "WIRED" magazine. FLASH! A PHOTOGRAPHER snaps
text: photos while they talk.
text: He watches admiring from a short distance away, preferring
dialog: Elsa to take the spotlight.
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: Your critics say, by combining such
dialog: disparate animals, you're violating
dialog: the natural order of things.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: There was a time when it was
dialog: considered “unnatural” to perform
dialog: surgery.
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: Still, it's quite a leap to go from
text: mending bodies to redesigning them.
dialog: Do you really think the world's ready
dialog: for Ginger and Fred?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Why not? Chimeras have been with us
dialog: for thousands of years. Since the
dialog: earliest myths. I see them as
dialog: signposts for the future. For our
dialog: evolution.
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: That sounds almost... spiritual.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: You could say it's our religion.
text: She casts a glance at Clive who watches admiring from the
dialog: shadows.
speaker_heading: FLASH!
scene_heading: INT. HYPERSPACE CLUB - MEN'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Clive and Elsa burst into a cubicle, hands and lips all over
text: each other... They look as though they're on the verge of
dialog: having sex right there.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Fuck, you're hot in an interview.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: You think?
dialog: 11
text: While Clive nibbles at her ear, Elsa brandishes a liquid
dialog: dropper.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Ready to bust loose?
text: Clive pulls back, eyes the dropper warily.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: That more of your home brew?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Afraid?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: After last time? Very.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I decreased the c-AMP formations.
dialog: It'll be a smooth ride. Promise.
text: She squeezes a few pearls of liquid onto her tongue, looks
text: at him daring. The temptation is too great. Clive plants
text: his mouth over hers, sharing in the dose.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Things are going to get weird now,
dialog: aren't they?
text: Elsa nods enthusiastically.
scene_heading: INT. HYPERSPACE LOUNGE -- LATER
text: The drug has kicked in. The night explodes with NOISE and
text: COLORS as the dance floor surges. Clive and Elsa weave
text: through the crowd. At every step, co-workers, friends, and
text: acquaintances shake their hands, pat their backs, kiss cheeks,
text: showering them with nonstop affirmation.
text: Elsa pulls Clive onto the dance floor. They bounce in time
text: with the wave of other bodies but somehow see only each other.
text: This is a portrait of two people deeply in love.
text: Clive leans in for another kiss but his attention is drawn
text: to a BALD MAN on the edge of the dance floor, conspicuously
text: immobile among the gyrating mob.
speaker_heading: BALD MAN
dialog: Clive? Elsa?
text: Elsa smiles, expecting some kind of fan banter. Still
text: smiling, the Bald Man fumbles with something under his coat...
text: And _ pulls out a short-muzzled shot gun.
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: BALD MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (calm)
dialog: Stop playing God.
text: He calmly BLASTS A SHOT into Clive's chest. Clive flies
text: backwards, collapsing onto the dance floor. Elsa SCREAMS.
text: The music stops. A chilling HUSH descends on the room.
text: The bald man drops his gun and makes for the exit, but he's
text: immediately tackled by BOUNCERS and Clive and Elsa's team.
text: Dexter looks to Elsa, frozen over Clive's bloodied body.
text: He fumbles with his cell pounding 911 into the keypad.
text: Elsa stares at Clive uncomprehending, her world suddenly
text: turned upside down. She leans down to touch him when...
text: Clive's eyes snap open!
text: Elsa lets out a YELP, falls to her knees as Clive struggles
text: up on one elbow.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Hey, babe... Guess what?
text: He holds up one hand, dabs his tongue with a bloody finger.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: God plays paintball.
text: Elsa's face explodes with joy and relief. She tackles him
text: in a crushing embrace.
text: FLASH! Melinda and her photographer are there, taking photos
dialog: of the whole unbelievable scene.
scene_heading: INT. CLIVE AND ELSA'S APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: The modest apartment is overflowing with electronics, DVDs,
dialog: comic books, movie posters, toys and other expensive pop
dialog: junk. This is what happens when geeks get an income.
text: Clive and Elsa tumble in, snapping on the lights, still riding
text: the combined high of alcohol, drugs and adrenaline. Clive's
text: shirt sports an explosion of red paint across the chest.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: What I don't understand is why he
dialog: didn't want to shoot me? I mean, of
dialog: course a Right-Wing nutbar like that
dialog: is incapable of believing a woman
dialog: could be the head of an important
dialog: scientific breakthrough, but still...
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: You're jealous.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: No, I'm not.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: You are. You have ‘assassination
dialog: envy’.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Shut up.
text: They stumble towards...
speaker_heading: THE BEDROOM
text: Where Elsa drunkenly pulls at Clive's bloody shirt buttons.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's get this thing off of you.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (wincing)
dialog: Careful...
text: She pulls back the fabric revealing a broad red welt across
text: his left-side pectoral. Or possibly it's the stain of red
text: paint on his skin. She leans in and kisses his chest.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: You know it's interesting. For that
dialog: moment, when I thought I was shot,
dialog: all the cliches were true. Time
dialog: seemed to slow down, I think I even
text: saw a heavenly light.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (between kisses)
dialog: Endorphins, horomone secretions to
dialog: the central nervous system...
dialog: Increases awareness and reaction
dialog: time in moments of crisis... part of
dialog: the survival mechanism....
text: Clive is becoming aroused, perhaps as much from Elsa's
text: clinical banter as her touch.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I wonder if that applies to all
dialog: species... not just ones with higher
dialog: brain functions...?
text: He deftly unsnaps Elsa's bra and lifts it, shirt and all,
text: over her head.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Probably not. Visual perception's
text: contained within the occipital lobe...
text: Clive drops Elsa onto the bed and starts peeling off her
dialog: jeans.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Some subspecies of salamander have
dialog: something that approximates an
dialog: occipital lobe...
text: Stripped to her panties, she pulls Clive down onto the bed
dialog: with her.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Enough.
text: She plants her lips over his, effectively shutting him up,
text: then reaches for the drawer of the bed table.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Hey... wait a sec....
text: Elsa pulls out a string of condoms.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Why don't we forget it? Just this
dialog: once.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I don't think so.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What's the worst that could happen?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: You're a genetic engineer, figure it
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Would that be the end of the world?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: We're on a mission, remember? It's
dialog: not a good time.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: There's never going to be a good
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: How about after we crack male
dialog: pregnancy?
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: And ruin this perfect figure?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Hypocrite.
text: Clive laughs, relenting. Then for a moment, grows serious.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: You know what I was really thinking
dialog: of when I was shot? That I'd never
dialog: see you again.
text: Elsa contemplates this. It's unimaginable.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Don't even say that. I'd never let
dialog: it happen.
text: Elsa leans over to turn the light off. The room snaps into
text: DARKNESS. The sound of a TEARING CONDOM PACKAGE.
scene_heading: EXT. NOVAPHORM - DOWNTOWN HEADQUARTERS -- DAY
text: We stare up at the downtown headquarters of Novaphorm Bio-
text: Research Inc. It's a TOWERING STEEL MONUMENT to corporate
dialog: anonymity.
speaker_heading: BARLOW (0.S.)
dialog: I wish you guys would fill me in on
dialog: this presentation.
scene_heading: INT. NOVAPHORM - DOWNTOWN HEADQUARTERS - CORRIDOR -- DAY
text: Clive and Elsa are led hastily down a long, pristine corridor
text: by their project manager, WILLIAM BARLOW, fifties. A natural-
text: born bureaucrat, Barlow can barely suppress his feckless
dialog: panic.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: I mean, not that I don't have absolute
dialog: faith, but as your project manager,
dialog: I like to think that I can be a
text: sounding-board.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Relax. It's just another dog and
dialog: pony show.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Hey, we could splice a dog and a
dialog: pony.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Then it could do the presentation
dialog: for us.
text: Barlow offers a hollow chuckle.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: It'll be mind-blowing, Bill. Trust
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: As mind-blowing as last month's party?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Something like that.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: Now that was a joke.
dialog: (to Elsa)
dialog: He is joking, right?
dialog: (to Clive)
dialog: I had to do a lot of damage control
dialog: after that... incident.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: It was just a party.
text: Elsa pops NERD candies into her mouth, crunching them loudly.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: A party that "Wired" was invited to.
text: Barlow shakes a copy of the new issue of "Wired" magazine,
text: turns to an earmarked page featuring a photo of Clive and
text: Elsa -- blood-splattered on the dance floor.
speaker_heading: BARLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: "If God didn't want us to explore
dialog: his domain, why'd he give us the
dialog: map?"
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Bumper-sticker wisdom.
text: Elsa bites down loudly on a Nerd. Barlow grimaces as though
text: she were biting down on his nerves.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: I'm just asking. Please. You've
dialog: got Joan Klein and the entire
dialog: management team of this division
dialog: upstairs. Be sensitive to their
dialog: concerns. ...You know, "the hand
dialog: that feeds" and all that?
text: Clive gives Barlow a reassuring pat on his shoulder.
dialog: 15
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: We're gonna feed the hand until it's
dialog: blue in the face. They'll love it.
text: They step into a waiting elevator. Barlow looks not the least
dialog: bit assured.
scene_heading: INT. NOVAPHORM CONFERENCE ROOM -- DAY
text: A large conference room located in the stratosphere of
text: Novaphorm headquarters. A gathering of EXECUTIVES.
text: Barlow stands off to the side, eyeing the Novaphorm team
text: nervously. In particular, he monitors the reaction of JOAN
text: KLEIN, Novaphorm's new Chief of Operations. In her 50s,
text: Joan is a well-starched bundle of cold candor.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: The H-40 chimeras exceeded all
dialog: expectations in their ability to
dialog: produce medicinal proteins for
dialog: livestock.
text: A power point presentation flashes images of Ginger and Fred,
text: graphs, stats, etc. in the background.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: And now, with the birth of Fred, we
dialog: have a proven technique for braid-
dialog: pairing, which can be applied to the
dialog: most sophisticated of organisms.
dialog: Namely...
text: The color drains from Barlow's face. He looks to Elsa
text: pleading with his eyes. She catches this look and continues
text: with gleeful abandon.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Human beings.
text: The screen behind transitions from Ginger and Fred to an
text: image of Da Vinci's VITRUVIAN MAN. A murmur among the
dialog: assembled.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: By incorporating human DNA into the
dialog: hybrid template, we might have the
dialog: key to curing any number of human
dialog: diseases.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Parkinson's. Liver damage. Epilepsy.
dialog: And the grail...Cancer cure.
text: A terrible moment of suspended silence as Clive and Elsa
dialog: wait for the reaction.
dialog: 13.
text: Joan clears her throat. All eyes snap to her.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Extraordinary. Simply extraordinary.
dialog: (to the assembled)
dialog: I don't think I exaggerate when I
dialog: say that Clive and Elsa represent
dialog: the future. Not just for this
dialog: corporation, but for the entire field
dialog: of bio-engineering.
text: Clive and Elsa share an excited, hopeful glance
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Clive and Elsa)
dialog: And that is why it is time to move
dialog: on to Phase 2.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Phase 2?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Yes. The product stage. We need to
dialog: isolate the gene in Ginger and Fred
dialog: which produces your magic protein,
dialog: CD-356. We're shutting down the
dialog: splicing facilities. Retooling your
dialog: labs for intensive chemical analysis.
text: For the first time, Clive and Elsa look caught off-guard.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Shutting down...?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: But what about our proposal?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Very impressive. But it sounds like
dialog: a longterm goal. That is not what
dialog: Novaphorm needs at this time.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Proceeding to human splicing was
dialog: always part of our plan. It's what
dialog: we signed on for.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: Elsa, we all know that can't happen
dialog: right now. Moral outrage will have
dialog: politicians and regulators tearing
dialog: us to pieces.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Christ, you mixed a few animals and
dialog: it practically got you shot.
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: But you're lobbying for an exploratory
dialog: license. Right?
text: Barlow's silence gives Clive his answer.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: You promised. When we signed our
dialog: contracts. You said...
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: What I said was I would do everything
dialog: I possibly could.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This is not the time. There's nothing
dialog: to be done on that front right now.
text: Elsa's face tightens. Joan leans forward in her seat.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Look. We'd love to cure all those
dialog: things. Of course we would. Nothing
dialog: would make us prouder as a company.
dialog: As human beings.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You put a viable livestock product
dialog: on the shelves... Then we can talk
dialog: about a twenty year plan to save the
dialog: world.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Right now, we need to start Phase 2.
dialog: And you're the only ones who can do
dialog: it.
text: Clive and Elsa stare despondently at the room of stony faces.
scene_heading: INT. NOVAPHORM HEADQUARTERS - UNDERGROUND PARKING -- DAY
text: Elsa and Clive are pissed, their shoes CLATTERING LOUDLY
text: through Novaphorm's underground parking facility.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: We could quit. Go to Hamilton-
dialog: Splinter.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Novaphorm owns our patents. We'd
dialog: lose everything.
text: Elsa ducks into a bright red GTO, their car, slamming the
text: door loudly.
scene_heading: INT. CLIVE AND ELSA'S CAR -- DAY
text: Clive turns the key in the ignition. Eight cylinders jump
text: to life. Elsa stares through the windshield at the cement
text: wall before them... seeing through it, beyond their limits.
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: So... What?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I am not spending the next five years
text: pulling pap smears from swine.
text: Elsa turns to Clive, her eyes burning with ambition, her
text: mouth betraying a trace of smile.
text: There's a moment. Elsa's determination pulverizes any
text: reluctance Clive might possess. Not a word is spoken, but
dialog: we can see it in their faces. They are going to do this
dialog: thing.
text: Abruptly, Clive throws the car into reverse and they SCREECH
text: out of the lot.
scene_heading: EXT. INDUSTRIAL PARK -- DAY
text: Clive and Elsa's muscle car blazes through an anonymous set
text: of buildings. Passes quickly through a security gate, parks
text: in a private spot.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY ENTRANCE, LAB -- DAY
text: Clive and Elsa approach the desk of YUJI, a dreadlocked
text: Japanese security guard reading a Hentai (porn) comic book.
speaker_heading: YUJI
dialog: Dr. C and E, wassup?
text: Elsa leans over his desk, hits the door release button,
dialog: buzzing them through...
speaker_heading: YUJI (CONT'D)
dialog: Yo, that's my whole job description.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Sorry. In a hurry.
text: +..then follows Clive down the hall to...
scene_heading: INT. GRUNT ROOM -- DAY
text: Home to a motley horde of BIO-SPECIALISTS and TECHIES, many
text: glimpsed at the party, now prisoner to cramped work stations.
text: The staff greet Clive and Elsa like geek royalty as they
text: hustle through the room, dodging an obstacle course of
text: biohazard garbage containers, pipette bins and bacteria
text: shakers as they head for...
scene_heading: INT. SPLICING LAB -- DAY
text: An empty sterile room is suddenly filled with pounding funky
text: hip-hop, hyper-beat trance fusion music.
dialog: 16.
text: Clive slides into view on a wheeled chair. Powers up a wall
text: of hard-drives. They sound like jet engines winding up.
text: At a nearby table, with her back to him, Elsa prepares tiny
text: vials with liquid samples.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What's the donor profile?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Healthy female. Clean medical and
dialog: heredity. The usual.
text: Clive, his mind still in the microscope, is barely listening.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Dime a dozen.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: One in a million.
scene_heading: 22 INT. MOLECULAR SPACE -- CONTINUOUS
text: The MUSIC continues under A MICROSCOPIC VIEW of Clive and Elsa's
dialog: DNA splicing experiment.
text: We watch free-falling clusters of proteins and spiraling
dialog: double-helixes that constitute DNA molecules.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (0.S.)
text: It's not working. They won't fuse.
text: We see breaks forming between the base pairs that link the
text: coils, but as other open pairs slide into place, interfering
text: helixes bounce into the mix, preventing successful coupling.
speaker_heading: ELSA (0.S.)
dialog: What enzyme are you using?
speaker_heading: CLIVE (0.S.)
dialog: It's not the breakage. They're
dialog: breaking fine.
speaker_heading: ELSA (0.S.)
dialog: So?
text: Identically colored helixes, through random bouncing chaos,
text: actively resist bonding with other multicolored molecules.
text: Instead, they merge again with their own kind.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (0.S.)
text: They keep coupling with themselves.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: 23 INT. SPLICING LAB -- MORNING
text: Early morning light pours through the window. Clive raises
text: a bloodshot eye from the microscope.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: It's like they refuse.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: That's crazy. We'll make them.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What makes you so sure we can?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Because "Wired" doesn't interview
dialog: losers.
text: Clive takes a deep gulp of black coffee.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Sometimes I forget those basic
dialog: scientific principals.
text: Clive fills a syringe with yet another enzyme, hunkering
text: back into the work.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: It's night again. Clive studies the microscope's video-tap
text: with a look of anticipation that quickly turns to disgust.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: It's fucked.
text: He drops back in his chair, defeated.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe Bill's right. Maybe it's not
dialog: the right time.
text: This fires up Elsa.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: That's why it's the right time.
text: She paces the room. The techno music hammering into her
dialog: brain.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: This retarded fascist uber-musik is
dialog: the problem! It's got us thinking
dialog: in circles.
text: She rips out the CD, leafs briskly through the collection.
dialog: Finds just the right thing. Hits play.
dialog: 18.
text: The room warms up under the gentle strains of FRANK SINATRA
text: crooning COLE PORTER'S, "UNDER MY SKIN".
text: Clive looks up at Elsa. Something about the music is making
text: her brain switch gears.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: You're right. We've been dancing to
dialog: the wrong beat.
text: Elsa lights up, seeing the glow of inspiration in his eyes.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Morning again. Elsa hands Clive a dropper of fluid.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Try this.
text: Clive squeezes a few drops into the solution under the
dialog: microscope.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: It's not work-- ...Wait. .. It's
dialog: happening.
text: His head springs from the eyepiece.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Why now?
text: Elsa's dancing on her toes.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: We blocked the uricil.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: So... the feed is cut.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
text: There's confusion.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (understanding)
dialog: We blew the whistle!
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Reintroduce! Restart the music!
text: Elsa introduces two new fluids to the mix. They take quick
text: turns looking into the eyepiece.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (excited)
dialog: They're changing partners!
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: CLIVE
text: Everyone dances with everyone.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (joyous)
dialog: You're Bob fucking Fosse!
dialog: 19.
text: She slings her arms around Clive, spraying him with kisses.
scene_heading: INT. NUCLEAR TRANSFER ROOM -- DAY
text: A very tired-looking Clive plugs in the last piece of the
text: massive jigsaw puzzle of adenine, thymine, guanine and
dialog: cytosine.
text: Elsa kisses the displayed graphic on the screen.
text: The screen flashes:
dialog: 
scene_heading: -50 GENOME COMPLETE".
scene_heading: INT. COLD ROOM -- DAY
text: Elsa and Clive wheel a Dewar tank, a storage box
text: material, into a walk-in freezer.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: All right. Bio-technology's most
dialog: startling breakthrough in decades...
dialog: on ice.
text: Clive and Elsa share a grim, anti-climactic sigh.
text: gives him a mischievous look. She does a U-turn
text: the tank out of the room.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: El, where are you going?
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, LAB -- DAY
text: Elsa wheels the Dewar tank down the hall. Clive
dialog: keep up.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Yo, white-stripe. Quit screwing
dialog: around.
text: She runs, like a mischievous school girl into...
scene_heading: INT. BIRTHING ROOM -- DAY
dialog: for genetic
dialog: Then Elsa
dialog: and wheels
dialog: races to
text: Elsa enters, shuts and locks the door. Clive bangs on it
text: from the other side.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (through door)
dialog: What are you doing?.. Hello? ...E1?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (no response)
dialog: This is what's known in couple therapy
dialog: as ‘emotional high-jacking'.
text: Elsa removes the lid of the canister. Mist swirls around
text: the opening like a prop in a magic show.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (through door)
dialog: You're being a bad ‘responder’ to my
dialog: ‘inquisition statement’.
text: Using a pair of tongs, she removes a plastic cartridge
text: containing the spliced genetic material.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (through door, becoming
dialog: serious)
dialog: El, human cloning's illegal.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: This won't be human. Not entirely.
text: She snaps the cartridge into a servo-guided injection needle.
text: A monitor flickers to life, displaying an enlarged image of
text: a human egg. Its nucleus is hollowed out.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR -- DAY
text: Clive fumbles through his pockets.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Seriously. Stop it!
text: He finds a swipe card.
scene_heading: INT. BIRTHING ROOM -- DAY
text: The door unlocks, Clive enters and quickly shuts it behind
text: him. He gets between her and the controls.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: We could go to jail.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Relax. We won't take it to term.
dialog: We just need to find out if we can
dialog: generate a sustainable organism.
dialog: Then we destroy it. Nobody will
dialog: ever know.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What's the point if we can't publish?
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: To be sure we really did it. To
dialog: know for sure.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you telling me you don't need to
dialog: know?
text: Clive shifts on his feet. She's hitting all the right
text: buttons. Still... he remains in the grip of reason.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: It's not that simple.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There are... moral considerations.
text: Elsa raises her eyebrows. She glances at the glowing red
dialog: button.
speaker_heading: ELSA
text: Millions of people are suffering and
dialog: dying with no hope. We might be
text: sitting on the key to save them.
dialog: What are the moral considerations of
dialog: that?
text: Clive swallows hard. Her reasoning has trumped his. He
text: follows her gaze to the crimson lit plastic. His mouth
dialog: tightens.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: I know you want to.
text: Clive's hand reaches out...
speaker_heading: CLICK.
text: He's hit the button.
text: Instantly, the needle is inserted into the egg and the genetic
text: material is injected into the empty nucleus.
dialog: Conception.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Fuck.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Exactly.
text: An extruding platform carries the petri dish into the inutero
text: gestation chamber.
text: A view of the egg appears ON SCREEN.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
text: It's not too late to abort.
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 22.
text: Clive watches, enraptured as the petri dish dissolves in the
text: murky fluid environment, cells replicating at an unnaturally
text: high rate, gene markers radiating like twinkling stars.
text: The process is almost mystical.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: No. Not yet.
text: He puts a reassuring arm around her.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to know.
scene_heading: INT. GESTATION CHAMBER -- DAY
text: In TIME LAPSE we see the cells replicate exponentially,
text: growing in numbers, from a few hundred to thousands, millions
text: and then billions. Blood, veins, flesh and bone stitch
dialog: together.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN LAB -- DAY
text: Clive walks past a shelf of large specimen jars. Like a
text: disturbing carnival exhibition, they are an inventory of
text: past splicing attempts. Each appears to represent a
text: successive wrung up the evolutionary ladder. And each is
dialog: labelled with the names of famous celebrity couples: "Brad
dialog: and Angelina", "Sonny and Cher", "Ashton and Demi", "Bogart
dialog: and Bacall"...
text: ...-Ending at two cages: Ginger and Fred.
text: We see that Fred has grown almost to Ginger's size. They bob
text: and coo as Clive checks the readings on clipboards hooked to
text: the bars. Dexter hovers nearby.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: Hey, Maestro, everything okay?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Yeah, great. You?
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: Sure. I guess. Whaddya gonna do?
dialog: Orders is orders. We'll nail that
dialog: gene.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But, uh... I can't help but notice
dialog: you and Elsa have been busy with
dialog: something.
text: Clive looks up from his chart. A tense beat... he smiles.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Building you an Elsa all for yourself.
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: Nice. I'1l be sure not to tell the
dialog: wife.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Our secret.
text: Clive gives Dexter a conspiratorial wink and moves on to
text: inspecting the rest of the lab.
scene_heading: INT. BIRTHING CHAMBER -- DAY
text: Elsa orbits the gestation chamber, recording stats.
text: She calls up an ultrasound feed. The murky image of a shape
text: that in no way approximates a normal fetus appears. It pulses
text: rhythmically in its liquid environment: THROB-THROB, THROB-
scene_heading: THROB, THROB-THROB... THROB... THR...OB... TH....
text: It STOPS.
text: Elsa's brow creases with worry. She chews nervously on her
dialog: pen.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Come on.
text: THROB ...THROB-THROB, THROB-THROB, THROB-THROB, the pulse
dialog: resumes.
text: Elsa sighs with relief. She turns to a calendar and marks
text: off a square: DAY 26.
scene_heading: INT. OPEN HOUSE -- DAY
text: A well-appointed REAL ESTATE AGENT walks Clive and Elsa
text: through a very chic and very expensive loft-style apartment.
scene_heading: REAL ESTATE AGENT
dialog: It's a fusion of art nouveau and
dialog: sixties futurism. Six figures, but
dialog: the owner will negotiate.
speaker_heading: LATER:
text: Clive and Elsa confer in one corner while the Real Estate
text: Agent waits to the side.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I fucking love it.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Yeah. It's cool.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: You don't sound so enthusiastic. Is
dialog: it too expensive?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Then what?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: It's just... I don't want to have
dialog: to move again any time soon.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Why would we have to move again?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: It might not be... big enough.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: It's twice the size of our apartment.
dialog: There's more than enough room for
dialog: all our stuff.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Yeah but... But you know. For down
dialog: the road.
text: Elsa can see that Clive is hedging around her questions.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: You're talking about a kid, aren't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Is that so unreasonable?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Uh, yeah. Cause I'm the one who has
dialog: to have it. Jeeze. What's wrong
dialog: with you? Guys aren't even supposed
dialog: to want kids.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: That's not true. And I don't see
dialog: what's wrong with it.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: This is what's wrong. I like this
dialog: place. I don't want to bend my life
dialog: to suit a third party that doesn't
dialog: even exist yet. I want control over
dialog: my life. You know how important
dialog: that is for me.
text: Clive is about to respond when his Blackberry begins to chime.
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (looking at the
dialog: Blackberry)
dialog: It's an alarm... From the lab...
dialog: Something's wrong. With the gestation
dialog: cell.
text: OFF Elsa's concerned look...
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET -- NIGHT
text: Clive and Elsa's GTO races to their lab.
scene_heading: INT. CAR -- TRAVELING -- NIGHT
text: Clive drives like a madman, Elsa riding shotgun.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Do you think someone found it?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: You mean shut it down?
dialog: (to reassure her but
dialog: not believing it)
dialog: Nah, probably a power surge or a
dialog: glitch. I'm sure everything's fine.
text: Nevertheless, Clive floors it.
scene_heading: EXT. LAB -- NIGHT
text: Clive and Elsa reach the entrance but the door is locked.
text: The security desk is empty, there's no Yuji, just a sign
text: that reads, "Gone for Ramen".
speaker_heading: YUJI (0.S.)
dialog: Yo, Dr. C and E.
text: Through the glass door, Yuji can be seen shambling down the
text: hall with Rastafarian cool and a steaming cup of noodles.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Open the fucking door, please.
scene_heading: INT. BIRTHING ROOM, LAB -- NIGHT
text: The door opens and Clive and Elsa rush in. At the end of
text: the room, the artificial womb is belching and groaning, fluid
text: freely gushing from its chrome hull.
text: Clive glances at the monitor: "PREPARING BREACH OF FETAL
dialog: MEMBRANE."
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Something's wrong.
text: FLOOSH! The machine spews more fluid. Louder GROANING.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
text: It's trying to come out.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: It's too soon. Way too soon!
text: Clive and Elsa quickly throw on medical gowns, masks, and
text: gloves. The machine contracts again, a wave of fluid flushes
text: out. Nothing else. Elsa checks the ultrasound.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's... grown. It's too big.
text: The machine emits a METALLIC CREAK.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: The pressure will kill it!
text: Elsa hits a button on the side of the machine. The PULSING
text: GROAN winds down to a soft hum. The flushing of fluid
text: subsides and the machine's orifice dilates. Elsa wedges her
text: arm inside. Clive watches, apprehensive.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Come on... come on!
dialog: (up to her elbow)
dialog: Slippery. I can't...
text: Elsa finally seems to get a grip when her arm is abruptly
text: yanked deeper into the machine. Her chin bangs against the
text: hull. She lets out a startled yelp.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What is it?!
text: Tears well in Elsa's terrified eyes.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: It's... Biting!
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Hold on!
text: Clive snaps into action. He fumbles with a series of hand-
text: bolts along the hull. With the last clasp unlocked, he's
text: able to open the entire chassis, releasing a torrent of
text: viscous fluid and revealing...
text: A_DARK BLOB OF FLESH with a_long serpentine tail wrapped
text: around Elsa's wrist.
dialog: 27.
text: Responding to the sudden light, the FLESHY BULK releases
text: Elsa's hand and rolls to the floor with a wet SLAP.
text: It spasms and writhes on the spot like a horrid featureless
text: abortion. The stinger-tipped tail whips about frantically.
text: Clive rips the dome off the incubator and drops it over the
text: creature, effectively trapping it.
text: Meanwhile, Elsa's hand is SWELLING inside the torn rubber
text: glove. She pulls it away to reveal horrible lacerations
text: where she has been stung repeatedly.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold still.
text: But Elsa is losing control of her motor functions. Her mouth
text: contorts strangely, her eyes roll. She falls to her knees,
text: then onto her back, convulsing on the hard tile floor.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Elsa?!
text: Clive ties the rubber glove around her arm, cutting
text: circulation, then rushes to a FIRST-AID CABINET. With
text: surprisingly steady hands, he jams an epi-pen between his
text: teeth, then fills a huge syringe from a bottle of clear fluid.
text: Clive drops to his knees at Elsa's side. By now she is
text: completely immobile, eyes rolled back in her head, barely
text: perceptible shaking in one leg. She's stopped breathing.
text: Though his hands and movements are steady, Clive's face is
text: awash with terror. He jabs the epi-pen into her shoulder.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hang in there! I've got you!
text: Clive feels for a spot between two ribs, takes a deep breath,
text: then plunges the large syringe into her chest. He watches
text: desperately as nothing happens.
text: Then, abruptly, Elsa's lungs burst to life. She is GASPING
text: for breath. Her irises roll back where they belong. She
text: grabs his arm, chest heaving.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: What. What...was that?
text: Clive looks to the creature trapped under the incubator lid.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: A mistake.
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: 38 INT. OBSERVATION ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Elsa, arm in a sling, watches as Clive wheels the incubator
text: containing the creature into the containment chamber and
text: seals the door shut.
text: Elsa stands, unsteady. Clive approaches, holds her close.
scene_heading: 39 INT. CLIVE AND ELSA'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM -- DAWN
text: The pale light of dawn creeps into the room. Elsa is sound
text: asleep while Clive tosses and turns. Finally, Clive shakes
text: Elsa's leg, startling her awake.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Do you think it's in pain?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Huh? What?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Do you think it's in pain?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Why would it be in pain?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Because it's not formed right.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: That doesn't mean it's in pain.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Yeah. It probably does.
text: Clive stares at the ceiling. Elsa isn't sure how to respond.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Alright. Maybe.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I'm going to kill it.
text: Elsa is more fully awake. She props herself up on an elbow.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: There's still a lot we can learn.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Find out how close we came. To
dialog: something sustainable.
text: Clive whips back the sheets, sitting up. He's clearly upset.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's okay... Clive, it's all right.
dialog: 40
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: It's not all right. It's wrong.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM -- MORNING
text: The Hybrid is trapped inside the incubator, which in turn is
text: sealed within the containment chamber. Clive and Elsa stand
text: by the door. They have taken the added precaution of wearing
text: full-body hermetic suits with helmets.
scene_heading: IN THE CONTAINMENT ROOM:
text: The door opens and Clive and Elsa enter. The Hybrid lies
text: utterly still in its glass prison.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Is it dead?
text: Clive reaches a hand into one of the thick rubber gloves
text: built into the side of the pod...
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Careful.
text: ...-And gently prods the carcass. Nothing. Dead as dirt.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Well... it's not in pain now.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I'll bag it.
text: Clive passes through to the OBSERVATION ROOM, the door
text: shutting behind him.
text: Elsa opens the lid of the incubator for a closer look at the
text: creature. She's puzzled to find the locking clasp coated in
text: a sticky secretion and rattling loosely off the lid. With
text: her gloved hands, she rolls the Hybrid over. There is a
text: gaping hole in its underbelly. It's just a hollow
dialog: exoskeleton.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Empty...
text: The realization dawns on her that whatever shed this skin
text: might still be alive. And broken out of the pod.
text: Something skitters noiselessly across the floor behind her.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Clive?
speaker_heading: OBSERVATION ROOM
dialog: 30.
text: Out of earshot, Clive pulls a haz-mat bag from a drawer.
speaker_heading: CONTAINMENT CHAMBER
text: Now seriously afraid, Elsa looks around the room. The limited
text: view afforded by her helmet forces her to clock her entire
text: body. The room appears empty.
text: She slowly turns...
text: RIGHT INTO THE FACE OF THE CREATURE, hanging suspended upside-
text: down from the molding in the ceiling.
text: Elsa SCREAMS and jumps back.
text: The creature drops from its perch, landing awkwardly on the
text: ground. It rights itself on unsteady feet.
text: Elsa reacts, getting her first good look at the thing:
text: The Hybrid has morphed into A_ SMALL, BALD FEMALE CHILD. A
text: profoundly malformed child. Its eyes are set on the sides
text: of its head. Arms are absent. Legs are triple-jointed ending
text: with prehensile feet. The LONG TAIL with a BARBED TIP is
text: the only feature it has retained from its previous
dialog: incarnation.
text: The overall package seems incomplete; even the skin has not
text: fully formed, leaving an IRREGULAR LESION vertically bisecting
text: it from head to crotch.
text: The creature hisses and whips its venomous tail.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: CLIVE!
speaker_heading: OBSERVATION ROOM
text: Clive turns to the window. From his angle he can only see
text: the abject terror in Elsa's face.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: It's alive!
text: Clive cranes his neck, sees the creature finally, between
text: Elsa and the door, her only way out.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Jesus...
text: He is about to enter but Elsa warns:
speaker_heading: ELSA (0.S.)
dialog: Don't! It'll get out!
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTAINMENT CHAMBER
text: The creature becomes increasingly agitated by Elsa's presence.
text: She shuffles a careful step sideways.
text: And the Hybrid bolts at her. Elsa reflexively covers herself.
speaker_heading: OBSERVATION ROOM
text: Clive watches, helpless as the Hybrid tears clumsily over
text: Elsa's body, literally bouncing off the window before
text: scurrying into a corner of the room.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Get out! I'm going to gas it!
speaker_heading: CONTAINMENT CHAMBER
text: Elsa gathers herself. She has a clear path to the door now.
text: She sees the Hybrid cowering in the corner, senses its fear.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Wait... Don't kill it!
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (over the intercom)
dialog: Elsa, get out! I'm hitting the gas!
text: In THREE...
text: Elsa brings herself down to the Hybrid's level. The Hybrid
text: opens its child-like mouth, revealing a toothless gummy maw,
text: and releases a HORRIFIC SCREECH.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (over the intercom)
dialog: TWO...
text: Elsa is clearly disturbed by the force of this outburst.
text: The Screech HOLDS ITS NOTE for a long moment, before changing
text: in timbre, slowly fading into a MOURNFUL WAIL - like the cry
text: of a bawling baby.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (near whisper)
dialog: It's okay. I won't hurt you.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (over intercom)
dialog: ONE...
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Clive! I said DON'T!
text: Elsa rips off her helmet.
speaker_heading: OBSERVATION ROOM
dialog: 32.
text: Clive can't believe it. His hand is on a valve, ready to
text: terminate the creature. He leans into the intercom.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Elsa. Put on your helmet, damn it!
speaker_heading: CONTAINMENT CHAMBER
text: An extraordinary thing happens: At the sight of Elsa's exposed
text: face, the Hybrid calms. It's as if the creature recognizes
text: something familiar in her.
speaker_heading: ELSA
text: It's imprinting.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (over intercom)
dialog: It's dangerous. Get out.
text: Elsa is too caught up in the magic of this moment.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (to Hybrid)
dialog: I'm not going to hurt you.
text: Elsa waddle/walks closer to the creature. It cocks its head
text: to one side in nervous, flitting bird-like movements. But
text: it no longer seems as frightened.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: You're really something, aren't you?
text: Elsa removes the glove from her unharmed hand and gingerly
dialog: extends it for the Hybrid.
text: The creature gives it a few cautionary sniffs. Elsa's scent
text: seems to meet its approval. It blinks sideways with
text: nictitating eyelids and takes a cautious hop forward.
text: Elsa smiles.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: That's it.
text: Suddenly, the creature's face curls into a snarl. It hisses
text: and its tail flails out defensively. Elsa reacts, waddling
text: backwards, confused until she realizes the creature is
dialog: actually reacting to...
speaker_heading: CLIVE
text: .--Behind her, helmeted and wielding a metal prod like a
text: weapon. He grabs her and forcibly pulls her from the room,
text: quickly shutting and locking the door behind them.
text: The creature stares after them, frightened and confused.
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: Clive is furious.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Are you crazy?! Are you trying to
dialog: get yourself killed?!
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I had the situation under control.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: You're forgetting why we came here.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: We can't do that now. Look at it!
text: Clive can't believe what he's hearing.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: So what!
text: Elsa virtually hip-checks him away from the panel, and gets
text: her hands on a series of valves.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Let's just knock it out -- Find out
dialog: what we've got.
text: Elsa turns on a combination of gas valves.
scene_heading: INT. CONTAINMENT CHAMBER -- MORNING
text: Vents open in the walls. A HISS. The creature sniffs the
text: air, cowers from the encroaching gas.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM -- MORNING
text: Clive observes Elsa watching coolly as the creature flutters
text: around the room like a butterfly in a jar, until it finally
text: succumbs to the fumes.
scene_heading: INT. MRI CHAMBER -- LATER
text: The Hybrid breathes with a deep, sharp wheezing as it lies
text: in forced slumber in a cylinder-shaped MRI MACHINE.
text: A LOUD HUM AND FLASHING LIGHTS as the machine scans her
dialog: anatomy.
scene_heading: INT. ANALYSIS LAB -- CONTINUOUS
text: Images from the MRI play out on a computer screen.
dialog: 34.
text: The Hybrid now lies strapped to a table while Elsa prods at
text: its tail. Clive can't suppress his amazement.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: This is unbelievable. I don't know
dialog: what half of this is.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Must have been some rogue elements.
text: Junk genes pushing through.
text: Elsa presses a gloved-thumb beneath its tip and a SHARP SPIKE
text: protrudes from a hood of skin. It drips with a sticky goo
text: that Elsa smears onto a slide.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Some kind of self-defense mechanism.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Or attack venom.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: None of her animal components have
dialog: predatory characteristics.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Well... there's the human element.
text: Elsa gives him a wry smirk. Clive shifts his attention to
text: the computer output from the MRI. A series of cross-section
text: X-rays flicker on the screen.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: What are these dark splotches?
text: Elsa looks up from examining blood samples. On the screen,
text: Clive points out two jet-black masses in the chest cavity.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Lungs?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: No...
dialog: (indicating lighter
dialog: patches )
dialog: These are the lungs.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Tumors?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Guess we'll find out in the autopsy.
text: Elsa stares at the Hybrid, not at all happy about the idea
dialog: of killing it.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Elsa, this was never supposed to go
dialog: this far. It wasn't even supposed
dialog: to go full term.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: But it did.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: We were just going to prove we could
dialog: do it. That was all.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: So what are you saying? Are you
dialog: really going to kill it?
text: Clive glances over to the sleeping hybrid, eerily human-like.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: You think you can do that?
text: Clive's mouth tightens without comment.
text: Elsa pulls him over to the table where her microscope sits.
text: She points to the video tap: a microscopic view of rapidly
dialog: dividing cells.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: See that? It must have developed
dialog: the Ambysotma growth gene.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: It's aging fast.
speaker_heading: ELSA
text: Days within a matter of minutes.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This thing is going to die soon,
dialog: anyway. We'll be able to observe
dialog: its entire life cycle in compressed
dialog: time.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We'll never have an opportunity like
dialog: this again.
text: Clive bites his lip. She's playing him perfectly. He glances
dialog: at the Hybrid.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: So it's dying?
speaker_heading: ELSA
text: She's dying. All by herself.
dialog: 46
dialog: 36.
text: Clive looks apprehensive, but staring at the creature, he
dialog: can't quite suppress a powerful fascination.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN LAB -- DAY
text: New equipment is being installed for the breakdown and
dialog: analysis of chemicals, disturbing the work of several of the
speaker_heading: LAB STAFF.
text: Dexter swabs samples of Ginger's dorsal excretions, while
text: Clive pulls a blood sample. The little creature shakes under
dialog: the needle.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: Estrogen level's been low these days.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What do you mean "these days"? How
dialog: long?
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: It's in the logs. Every test, every
dialog: stat.
text: Dexter hands Clive a thick file.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Sorry. I... I'ma little worn out.
text: He leafs absently through stats.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: I, um... guess that thing, that
dialog: experiment you've got going on...
dialog: Still not ready to talk about it?
text: Clive closes the file and regards his brother's aching
dialog: curiosity.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I can tell you it's big. Pretty
dialog: big. And we need your help.
text: Dexter quickly perks up at the pleasing prospect of
dialog: involvement.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: Sure... anything.
text: Clive puts his hand on Dexter's shoulder, squeezing it
dialog: inclusively.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: This experiment... it's really
dialog: important that it doesn't get
dialog: disturbed.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 47
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: We need you to make sure that
dialog: nobody... I mean nobody gets inside
text: the containment room.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: Sure. Absolutely. Nobody gets in.
dialog: (hopefully)
dialog: Not even...?
dialog: (pointing to himself)
text: Clive smiles, and shakes his head. Dexter shrugs off his
text: disappointment with a grin.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Sorry. Nobody.
scene_heading: INT. CONTAINMENT CHAMBER -- DAY
text: The Hybrid is NOW THE SIZE OF A TODDLER and harnessed by a
text: three-foot lead to the leg of a floor-bolted workbench.
text: A plastic container has been taped on as a protective cover
text: for her tail stinger. She scratches at it with some
dialog: irritation.
text: Clive eyes the tail nervously as he attempts to feed her a
text: bowl of wet green mush with a turkey-baster.
text: Elsa watches, talking into a hand-held voice recorder.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (into recorder)
dialog: We've got H-50 on a diet of
dialog: chlorophyll, roughage, bean curd,
dialog: and enriched starch.
text: As quickly as Clive tries to jam the baster into the Hybrid's
text: mouth, she either turns her head or spits the food out.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: (into recorder)
text: She seems resistant to feeding, though
dialog: her rapid growth should generate a
dialog: proportionate appetite.
text: Clive tries to squeeze a little more goo into the Hybrid's
text: stubborn mouth. He receives a green blob to the forehead
dialog: for his efforts.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: We're going to have to do this with
text: a drip feed.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: She'll just rip it out.
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 38.
text: The Hybrid sniffs the air, sensing something. Suddenly, a
text: leg lashes out at Elsa with a SHOCKINGLY FAST KICK.
text: Both she and Clive recoil. Then they see it: The Hybrid's
text: tiny, hand-like foot has snatched the box of Nerds from Elsa's
text: lab coat. She is gobbling the candy like a starved animal.
text: Elsa watches amazed, an idea forming.
scene_heading: INT. CONTAINMENT CHAMBER -- SOON AFTER
text: Elsa crumbles several nerds between two spoons, then mixes
text: them into the Hybrid's mush.
text: She holds the spoon up to the Hybrid's mouth. This time
text: nostrils flair and she happily wolfs the food down.
text: Clive now commandeers the voice recorder.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (into recorder)
dialog: Tracking her feeding habits, we've
dialog: determined that the H-50 craves high-
text: sucrose foodstuffs.
text: Elsa wipes a little goo from the side of the Hybrid's mouth.
text: A long tongue darts out, precisely cleaning Elsa's finger.
text: She gives Elsa what might be considered a smile. Elsa smiles
text: back and continues the feeding.
scene_heading: INT. NOVAPHORM HEADQUARTERS - BARLOW'S OFFICE -- DAY
text: Clive sits with Barlow in his downtown office. Three small
text: armchairs have been jammed into a corner of the room near
text: his desk. One is empty. Clive looks a little ruffled by
dialog: stress and bad sleep.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: Where's Elsa?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
text: At the lab. Holding things together.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: She isn't too happy about the new
dialog: directive, is she?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: It was a bit of a shock.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: I understand.
text: Barlow leans in close, as though the walls might be listening.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: BARLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Truth is, if we don't start projecting
dialog: profits, big profits, soon...
dialog: Novaphorm's in serious trouble.
text: Clive looks genuinely startled. Barlow grabs Clive's hand,
text: like a terminal patient imploring his doctor for a cure.
speaker_heading: BARLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Phase 2 is not an option. It's all
dialog: we've got. You'll impress that on
dialog: her, Clive, won't you?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: We're on side, Bill. Trust me.
text: Barlow, relieved, abruptly changes tone to one of chummy
dialog: encouragement.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: Look at it this way. We're sparing
dialog: you a lot of grief. The world's not
text: ready to mess with the human animal.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know Kwan over at Geneteck?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Tim Kwan?
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: (nods )
dialog: He stepped over the line... Right
dialog: into a ten year prison term.
dialog: Clive takes this in...
speaker_heading: BARLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Genius is punished when it's ahead
dialog: of the times.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: All through history.
text: ..-And swallows hard.
scene_heading: 50 INT. CONTAINMENT CHAMBER -- DAY
text: The Hybrid is a little larger than when we last saw her.
text: Elsa gives her a routine physical examination, while speaking
text: into her voice recorder.
text: Clive sits quietly in the corner, flipping through the log
text: books on Fred and Ginger, trying to get up to date.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (into recorder)
dialog: H-50's physiological anomalies
text: continue to emerge. Swelling in the
dialog: Latissimus Dorsi and Teris Major and
dialog: Minor muscles.
text: Elsa notices pronounced bruising and swelling from the rib
text: cage along to the back. Her expression betrays sympathy but
text: her voice remains clinical.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: (into recorder)
dialog: It's possible that aspects of her
dialog: anatomy may be ill-suited to emerging
dialog: mutations...
text: Elsa winces at the painfully tender look of the flesh. When
text: she prods the bruises, the Hybrid writhes from her touch.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: (into recorder)
dialog: The overall structure could become
dialog: unstable leading to malignancies
dialog: and...
text: Elsa can't finish the sentence.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's too soon to make any assumptions.
text: She clicks off her voice recorder and gathers her papers.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Clive)
dialog: You'll be alright, then?
text: Clive looks up from his work.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: El, you haven't taken a break in
dialog: days.
text: Elsa kisses Clive on the cheek...
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Call if there's a problem.
text: -.. and heads for the door. The Hybrid looks alarmed. She
text: hops after Elsa, jerks short when she reaches the end of her
text: lead. Then cries out, her alien tones settling into the all
text: too familiar timber of a human baby.
text: Elsa regards her, doing her best to maintain cool composure.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll be back tomorrow.
dialog: 51
dialog: 41.
text: Conflicted, she turns to go. A SICK, TEARING SOUND and a
speaker_heading: SCREAM.
text: Clive jumps up as Elsa spins around in time to see...
text: The Hybrid's back spasms, muscles twist, flesh stretches
text: grotesquely as if something inside were trying to break out.
text: RIIIIP! A slender girlish arm erupts from her side. Bleeding
text: and dripping with shreds of skin, it lashes out and grips
text: Elsa's leg with two bony fingers and an opposing thumb.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Holy fuck!
text: Elsa instinctively yanks her leg but the Hybrid holds on
dialog: tight.
text: The creature CRIES OUT LOUDER, possibly as much from emotional
text: heartache as physical pain. And another lanky arm bursts
text: out of the other side of her bruised, fleshy back.
text: Clive takes out their cam-corder, capturing the whole
text: incredible event on video.
text: Elsa stares down at the Hybrid, freaked-out by the bloody
text: appendages desperately clawing her pant leg.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: El, careful...
text: But Elsa surrenders to the irresistible need to comfort. She
text: bends into the gooey embrace, drawing the hybrid close. The
text: creature's cries trail off into hiccuping breaths of relief.
text: Clive's brow furrows from behind the viewfinder, reacting to
text: this blatantly emotional display.
scene_heading: INT. MUSCLE CAR - PARKING LOT -- NIGHT
text: Elsa gets behind the wheel and inserts her key into the
text: ignition. But she hesitates before turning it, staring back
text: at the entrance to the lab.
text: She bites a nail, nervously. Then quickly composes herself
text: and starts the car, mumbling reassurances to herself.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: She'll be alright. It's fine. She'll
dialog: be fine.
text: Elsa swings out of the parking space.
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: INT. BIRTHING CHAMBER -- NIGHT
text: The Hybrid is WAILING at the top of her lungs. She is
dialog: apparently NOT fine.
text: The torn skin on her back has been carefully bandaged with
text: gauze and tape, but she seems emotionally stricken by Elsa's
dialog: absence.
text: Clive tries to approach, imploring her to calm down.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Hey, it's okay. She'll be back.
text: The Hybrid continues to wail at full volume.
text: Clive steps forward. The Hybrid quickly skitters towards
text: the corner, as far as her rope will let her. Her tail flails
text: back and forth menacingly, its plastic bottle clattering on
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Take it easy! C'mon. I'm here.
text: She cranks up her crying another notch.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Think of all the new things we can
dialog: do now.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: We can arm wrestle!
text: The Hybrid's cry sputters and stalls a moment. Clive looks
text: relieved - he's getting through. But she is just filling
text: her lungs for another, even louder EMOTIONAL BLAST.
text: Hands on his ears, Clive can't take it. He staggers out of
dialog: the room.
scene_heading: INT. NOVAPHORM LABS - LUNCH ROOM -- EVENING
text: Clive inserts coins into a vending machine, relieved to be
text: momentarily away from the cacophony. His coffee comes down
text: the chute and as he reaches to retrieve it, he hears...
text: THE HYBRID'S WAILING... faint and distant, but unmistakable.
text: Clive shakes his head, thinking he's hearing things until
text: his eyes land on the air duct next to the fridge. Her voice
text: is coming up through the ventilation system.
text: Panicking, he scans the room. There are a few LAB TECHNICIANS
text: snacking at the far end, who haven't yet heard.
text: The Hybrid's voice seems to be getting louder still. Thinking
text: quickly, Clive fumbles with a radio on top of the fridge.
speaker_heading: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 43.
text: He turns it on to a talk show. The creature's voice still
text: cuts through.
text: Clive spins the dial until he tunes into a LOUD HEAVY METAL
text: STATION - mid-guitar solo. He cranks the volume. Her voice
text: is finally drowned out.
text: He looks back to the Technicians. One LONG-HAIRED TECHIE
text: holds up his fore-finger and pinky (devil's horns) as a sign
dialog: of appreciation to Clive.
text: Clive forces a smile and returns the gesture.
scene_heading: INT. CLIVE AND ELSA'S APARTMENT - HALL -- NIGHT
text: Elsa digs musty boxes out of a hallway closet.
text: She pulls out the one she was looking for. It's labeled
text: "Private... Elly's Stuff" in childish scrawl.
text: She opens it with a mixture of excitement and dread. Inside
text: are an assortment of child's toys: a ratty STUFFED DOG, a
text: MINIATURE BICYCLE, a WOODEN HORSE. One toy in particular
text: draws her attention... a BARBIE DOLL circa 1980. Memories
dialog: flood.
text: Something else catches her eye. She digs in deeper, finds a
text: dog-eared photo. It's a picture of a five year old Elsa and
text: her Mother standing by the family farm - a stern woman with
text: an arm protectively wrapped around her daughter, her long
text: dark hair sports Elsa's single streak of white.
text: Elsa regards it for a long moment. But rather than triggering
text: fond memories, the photo only seems to inspire melancholy.
scene_heading: INT. CONTAINMENT CHAMBER -- DAY
text: A NEW DAY: Elsa checks the bandages at the extraction points
text: where the Hybrid's arms erupted from her back.
text: The creature seems beguiled by these new aspects of her body.
text: She waves and flexes them with delighted bird-like CHORTLES.
text: She reaches out tentatively, stroking Elsa's curls.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: You like that? You like hair?
dialog: (suddenly remembering)
dialog: Oh, hey, I found some things for
dialog: you.
text: Elsa pulls out her box of toys and sets it down between the
text: Hybrid's legs.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: See anything else you like?
dialog: 56
dialog: 44,
text: The Hybrid pushes around awkwardly in the box, intrigued by
text: the shapes, but is instantly drawn to the Barbie doll. She
text: has some trouble gripping with her new hands, so Elsa helps
text: her, wrapping her own hand around the Hybrid's fingers.
text: Together they hold Barbie in the air between them.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: (in a breathy Barbie
dialog: voice)
dialog: Hi there. I'm Barbie. I like cute
dialog: guys, fast cars and funny little
dialog: creatures like you.
text: Elsa slowly lets go of the Hybrid's hand, pleased to see her
text: grip the doll on her own.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: She was my secret friend. I wasn't
dialog: allowed to have her, so I had to
dialog: keep her hidden.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Just like you.
text: The Hybrid turns it around clumsily, studying it from all
text: angles. She strokes the hair, completely entranced.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: That's right. She has hair too.
text: Elsa watches wistfully. There's something a little sad about
text: this bald creature so fascinated by hair. The Hybrid's head
text: begins to bob with fatigue, eyes drooping. She leans her
text: forehead on Elsa's shoulder.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: You're tired. That's all right.
dialog: We'll play later.
text: The hybrid nuzzles deeper into Elsa's shoulder. At first a
text: little nervous, Elsa gathers the creature into her lap and
text: cradles her. The Hybrid instantly begins to relax. And
text: Elsa finds herself rocking her and humming, softly. If we
dialog: listen closely the we might recognize the melody as "Under
dialog: My Skin".
text: The creature's eyelids droop, her neck relaxes. Within
text: moments, she is breathing deeply -- asleep.
scene_heading: EXT. OBSERVATION ROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: Unseen by Elsa, Clive watches through the one-way mirror,
text: her HUMMING broadcast over the intercom. He is clearly
text: troubled by this tableau.
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: 57 INT. NOVAPHORM LABS - CORRIDOR -- DAY
text: In a private corner, Elsa wolfs down NERDS and talks rapidly,
text: riding a sugar-fueled high. Clive listens. His face betrays
dialog: concern.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I think it's a form of
dialog: hypometamorphosis. Her tissue
dialog: liquefies and reforms. That's why
dialog: we can't track it with MRI or x-rays.
dialog: At this point, there's no telling
dialog: what she might become. And it's not
dialog: just her body. Her intelligence is
dialog: developing fast. She figures things
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: We have to be careful not to project
dialog: too much onto her.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: She's not just a collection of
text: instincts. She thinks.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Of course she thinks. Dogs think.
dialog: But...
text: A TECHIE passes. They nod greetings, pausing their
text: conversation until he's out of earshot.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: ...-But dogs aren't capable of complex
dialog: associative reasoning.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: You're wrong. She just needs time.
text: Clive watches Elsa carefully, measuring her up.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: You know what we need?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: We need to act our age.
scene_heading: 58 INT. HYPERSPACE -- NIGHT
text: Clive and Elsa share a booth at the same club where Clive
text: was ‘shot'. The air prickles with its usual high-energy
text: throb. Elsa sips from a glass of wine, looking restless.
dialog: 59
dialog: 46.
text: Clive taps the BREAKNECK BEAT with his fingernails on the
text: table, grooving to the psychedelic mayhem.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Hey, come on. Let's dance.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: No. Thanks. I don't feel like it.
text: Clive barrels past his disappointment. He reaches into his
text: pocket and produces Elsa's dropper-vial of liquid excitement.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I know what you need. A little drop
dialog: of fun.
text: Elsa shakes her head without apology. Clive's smile falls.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I'm having fun. But you go ahead.
dialog: Go for it.
text: Clive's determination is losing steam. He pockets the vial.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: No. I'm okay. I'm fine.
dialog: (unconvincing)
dialog: This is fun.
text: The noise of the club floods into their vacuum of
text: conversation. Eventually, Elsa gathers up her purse and
text: shuffles out of the booth.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: You all right?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I want to go. I want to go back.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: She shouldn't be left alone.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM -- DAY
text: Elsa has let the Hybrid out of containment. She is now about
text: the size of a FIVE YEAR OLD CHILD, with fully developed,
text: spindly arms. There are a few emerging stands of hair, which
text: only emphasize her baldness.
text: Sitting cross-legged on the floor, Elsa watches with delight
text: as the Hybrid successfully places A SPOON onto a piece of
text: paper with a drawn outline of a spoon.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: That's right. Spoon.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now "Dog". Do the dog!
dialog: 47.
text: The Hybrid quickly picks up the tiny STUFFED DOG and places
text: it onto a sheet of paper with a crudely drawn dog.
text: Elsa claps her hands delighted.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: That's it! Dog! It's getting too
dialog: easy for you, isn't it?
text: The Hybrid cocks her head expectantly. Elsa spills several
text: Nerds into the creature's hand, which she quickly scarfs.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: You could do this all day.
text: Elsa scuffles over to the table and pulls down a large box.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's try something different.
text: She pulls a Deluxe-Edition Scrabble game from its box and
text: places the board between them. It's the kind with a lazy-
text: Susan base, and raised ridges to line up the letters.
text: Elsa spills the bag of letters onto the floor and quickly
text: rummages for the tiles she wants. She arranges the letters
text: P-E-N onto the board then pivots it so the word appears
dialog: upright to the Hybrid.
text: She holds up a PEN, then points to the letters.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: P-E-N! That says PEN. PEN!
text: She puts down the pen and points to the word.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: What's that? Show me. Show me the
dialog: pen.
text: The Hybrid just stares at her blankly. Elsa arranges the
text: letters of her own name, E-L-S-A.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: That's ELSA. Me.
dialog: (tapping her chest)
dialog: I'm Elsa. Elsa.
text: The Hybrid's face is a blank slate of incomprehension. Elsa
text: points back to the first word, and holds up the ballpoint.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: PEN! This is a PEN.
dialog: (tapping her chest)
dialog: ELSA. I'm Elsa. Pen... Elsa.
dialog: 48.
text: Elsa searches the Hybrid's face, desperate to detect the
text: slightest sign of association. Nothing.
text: Elsa notices the Hybrid's gaze is fixated on the box of Nerds
text: in her breast pocket. She spills a couple into her palm --
text: incentive. The Hybrid's eyes dart, her mouth opens slightly.
text: Holding the Nerds hostage in her palm, Elsa points again at
dialog: the word: PEN.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: What's that? PEN.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Where's the pen?
text: Still nothing. Not a glimmer. Elsa pops the Nerds into her
text: own mouth with a sigh, then tips the board, spilling the
text: letters to the floor. She sees palpable disappointment in
text: the Hybrid's eyes -- reacting to the lost reward.
text: Elsa gets another idea. She rifles through the tiles,
text: plucking up five letters to spell the word: N-E-R-D-S.
text: She rotates the board, then holds up the box of candy where
text: the same letters are clearly marked on the label: NERDS.
text: The Hybrid's eyes flit quickly from the Nerds to the Scrabble
text: board, then back to the Nerds. Elsa smiles. Something's
text: starting to click.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Nerds... C'mon. You know what Nerds
dialog: are.
text: The Hybrid reaches out a spindly hand to touch the tiles,
text: her eyes skipping to the actual package of candy.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: That's right. They're the same.
speaker_heading: NERDS!
text: The Hybrid abruptly pops the letter S into her mouth, chews
text: and quickly swallows it. Elsa gasps. The Hybrid makes a
text: sour expression, as though she'd been tricked.
text: Elsa's momentary dismay is replaced by a triumphant grin.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: You did it! You made a connection!
dialog: Good girl!
text: Elsa spills some real Nerds onto the game board and the Hybrid
text: quickly gobbles them up. The door opens behind Elsa. She
text: spins quickly to greet Clive. The Hybrid cowers at his
dialog: arrival.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: She did it!
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: She can associate!
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: What is she doing in this room? You
dialog: can't let her out.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: What's the problem?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Specimens need to be contained.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Don't call her that.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What are we supposed to call her?
text: Elsa quickly scans the room, looking for a name. On the
text: Scrabble board are the remaining four (un-eaten) tiles
text: spelling NERD. Of course, they are upside-down to Elsa.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: DREN. Her name is Dren.
text: DREN, the Hybrid, scuttles into the corner. Clive is suddenly
dialog: furious.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: You're talking like... You're treating
dialog: her like she's a...
dialog: (catching himself)
dialog: A pet!
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I'm compiling a developmental profile.
dialog: She needs more stimulation than that
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Well, we're screwed now. They're
dialog: renovating this entire wing.
dialog: Tomorrow! So what the hell are we
dialog: going to do about that?!
text: Dren's eyes narrow at his raised voice. Elsa, now angry
text: herself, yanks an equipment cart from the side of the room.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Alright, so we'll move her. We'll
dialog: put her in the storage room
text: downstairs. Nobody goes down there.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What are we doing? Why are we taking
dialog: all these risks?
text: Elsa yanks equipment from the lower shelves of the cart.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: When the hell did you get so fucking
dialog: scared of everything!
text: Something triggers in Clive. He takes three furious steps
text: into Elsa's face. Yelling now. Loudly.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
text: WHEN THE FUCK DID YOU STOP BEING A
speaker_heading: SCIENTIST?!
text: Dren flings herself across the room and lands squarely on
text: Clive. He falls backwards, hitting the floor hard. Dren's
text: tail waves wildly, flinging off the protective cover.
text: The poison spike withdraws from its fleshy sheath, poised to
dialog: sting!
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: NO! STOP!
text: Dren freezes, then turns her head to Elsa.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: (cool, in command)
dialog: Go to your place.
text: Dren eyes Clive once more before obediently skulking back
text: into her corner. Clive sits up, breathing heavily, still a
dialog: little afraid.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's okay. She won't hurt you.
text: She helps Clive up.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: I know we have a situation. But we
dialog: just have to deal with it.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (struggling to contain
dialog: himself)
dialog: A situation? She could have killed
dialog: me!
dialog: 60
dialog: 51.
text: Clive and Dren eye each other warily. Elsa loads a cardboard
text: box into the lower portion of the cart.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Don't be melodramatic. Let's just
dialog: solve this.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Jesus fucking Christ!
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR -- DAY
text: Elsa and Clive wheel the cart with equipment on top. A box
text: labelled, Sequence Driver, rests beneath. The top shifts.
text: Dren's eyes peer out. Elsa pushes her gently back down.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Stay inside, Dren.
text: Clive nervously glances around the corner. Coast is clear.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: She okay?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Scared. It's all right.
text: They truck the cart around the corner and manage to get to
text: the freight elevator undetected. Elsa hits the down button.
text: The elevator rises up from the basement at a snail's pace.
text: Finally the doors open, revealing... Dexter, who looks
text: startled to see them.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: Wow. I don't think I've seen the
dialog: two of you together in weeks.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Hey, Dex.
text: Dexter's eyes land on the EEG machine on top of the cart
text: with a variety of other devices.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: Where are you going with that?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Storage. It's not working. We need
dialog: to order a new...
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What do you mean, not working? I had
dialog: it hooked up to Fred yesterday.
text: Clive isn't sure what to say. Dexter searches their faces.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: DEXTER (CONT'D)
dialog: What's going on?
text: THE CLACKING OF MEN'S SHOES. Clive looks over his shoulder
text: and sees Barlow striding down the hall.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Shit.
text: Elsa flicks hair from her face, trying to play it cool.
text: Clive swallows hard.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: I've been looking for you two
dialog: everywhere.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Whazup?
text: Barlow glances at the cart of equipment.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: What's all this?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Just some junk we're trashing.
text: Barlow is suddenly curious. He fingers the EEG machine on
text: the top of the cart.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: Pretty state-of-the-art junk. What
dialog: else are you...?
text: To Clive and Elsa's horror, Barlow quickly bends down to the
text: bottom of the cart and opens the box containing Dren! Barlow
text: tips the box to reveal that the it's empty - Dren is gone.
text: Clive scans the hallway. Nothing.
text: They catch each other's eye, bewildered. Elsa bucks up...
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: What can we do for you, Bill?
text: Barlow quickly loses interest in the equipment.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: Listen. Great news. We're going to
dialog: present Fred and Ginger at the annual
dialog: shareholder's meeting.
text: Clive and Elsa are completely distracted, scanning for some
text: sign of missing Dren.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Shareholders?
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: We impress them with the H-40's,
dialog: Novaphorm stock will go through the
dialog: roof...
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I dunno Bill, we're pretty busy...
text: The elevator doors slide closed. Elsa quickly slaps the
text: down button again, they slide back open. She enters the
text: elevator half expecting to find Dren in there. The elevator's
text: empty. She remains inside, holding the door with her hand.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: I thought you'd be excited. Don't
dialog: you wanna show them off?
text: Clive is anxious to get rid of Barlow.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Yeah, I guess.
text: He looks nervously to Elsa, who is staring oddly at Dexter.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: Alright then. Let's meet. I've got
dialog: to prepare a budget.
text: Something drips on Barlow's shoulder. He doesn't notice.
text: Clive follows Elsa's eyes to Dexter. His mortified gaze is
text: fixated on the ceiling, where Dren is wedged like a tree
text: toad_in the corner above Barlow. Her tail swings back and
text: forth, ready to pounce. Clive stifles his shock.
text: Barlow takes one last look at the EEG machine.
speaker_heading: BARLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: You sure we can't fix it? Sometimes
dialog: you guys act like there's money coming
dialog: out of...
text: Suddenly Dexter speaks up, a hair too loudly.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: It's fried! Totally fucked! We
dialog: need a new one. Right away.
text: Barlow's eyebrows raise at Dexter's outburst. Over his
text: shoulder, Elsa peels Dren off the wall, and swings her into
dialog: the elevator.
text: Dexter takes Barlow by the arm and gently guides him away
text: from the elevator.
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: DEXTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen, Bill... I've got some
dialog: requisition forms, on my desk. If
dialog: you can push the purchase through...
text: Dexter hazards a glimpse back at Clive, who tosses back a
text: quick look of appreciation, and then shoves the cart into
text: the elevator. Barlow calls after them as the doors close.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: Call me!
text: Barlow feels the wetness on his shoulder. Brings his fingers
text: to his nose, sniffs them, sensing something is up but unable
dialog: to pin down exactly what it is.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS CORRIDOR -- DAY
text: Elsa and Clive roll the cart quickly up to the door of the
dialog: storage room.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: God, I hate that guy.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Why, because he plays by the rules?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Because he loves them.
text: Elsa quickly keys open the door and pushes the cart inside.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE ROOM -- DAY
text: The inside of the storage room is lined with shelves,
text: cluttered with old boxes, obsolete equipment, and forgotten
text: cleaning products. At the far end there's plumbing and a
text: huge industrial sink.
text: Stepping inside propels a cloud of dust into the air.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (furious)
dialog: You know, sticking to a few fucking
dialog: rules isn't always such a bad idea.
text: Elsa draws Dren from below the cart and into her arms, looking
text: a little queasy. Clive steps back, wary.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Nobody's going to care about a few
dialog: rules. After they see what we've
dialog: made...
dialog: 63
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: See what we've made! Nobody can see
dialog: what we've made!
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Once they see Ginger and Fred, don't
dialog: you think the world's going to want
dialog: to know what's next?
text: She holds Dren's face next to her own, as though this were
dialog: all she needed to make her case to the world.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you think they can look at this
dialog: face... And see anything less than
dialog: a miracle?
text: Clive's jaw hangs open, stunned at Elsa's naivete.
text: And as if on cue, Dren pukes on Elsa's shoulder, then buries
text: her head miserably in Elsa's chest.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh... oh no. Oh Sweetie, you're
dialog: sick.
text: Clive shakes his head, astounded. The whole thing is getting
text: to be too much. Elsa puts her wrist to Dren's forehead.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Clive, she's really hot.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I've got to talk to Dexter.
text: He leaves, disgusted. Elsa hardly notices.
scene_heading: INT. NOVAPHORM LABS - LUNCH ROOM -- DAY
text: Clive sits with Dexter by the window. The silence between
text: them is so intense, the hum of the Coke machine sounds like
text: a plane landing.
text: Finally Clive can't take it any longer.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Go ahead. Say what you're thinking.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: What I'm thinking? What were you
dialog: thinking?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: It was kind of an accident.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: That kind of an accident takes a
dialog: hundred million years! Unless...
dialog: somebody very smart does it on
dialog: purpose.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Look. I know it's crazy...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I need your support on this. I
dialog: need your help.
text: Dexter looks at Clive with a mixture of reluctant loyalty,
text: and profound disappointment.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: I've got a wife and three kids.
dialog: What happens to them if I go to
dialog: prison? For what you two have done.
text: Clive squirms in his chair.
speaker_heading: DEXTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you ever think about that?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Did you think at all? Or did you
dialog: just do what she wanted?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (face reddening)
dialog: It wasn't like that.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: You could have stopped it. At any
dialog: time, you could have said no to her.
text: Clive can't quite muster a retort.
speaker_heading: DEXTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Try it some time.
text: With that, Dexter bustles out of the room, leaving his brother
text: to quietly simmer alone.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE ROOM -- NIGHT
dialog: It's night now, Clive has accomplished a lot with the room,
text: piling all the unwanted boxes to one side. He finishes
text: mopping the floor while Elsa dotes over sick Dren. She pulls
text: a thermometer from Dren's mouth and studies it.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: One hundred and five. This is
dialog: serious.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: How do we know with her?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: I know. We have to do something!
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What? What are we supposed to do?
text: Dren lets out a TRILLING GROAN that ends with a choke and
text: more vomit. Elsa rushes over to wipe her mouth.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: We have to take her somewhere.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: That's crazy!
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (almost crying)
dialog: THEN DO SOMETHING!
text: Clive stares down at Dren, who is quickly fading. He scans
text: the storage room desperately.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: We're bio-chemists. We can handle
dialog: this!
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: How? Fuck! HOW?!
text: Clive turns to the industrial sink and runs the faucet.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What do you do with high fever?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Cold bath!
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: All right. Let's do it!
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: The sink is almost full.
text: Dren's condition is considerably worse. Her nose is
text: completely clogged, throat swollen, she can hardly breathe.
text: Clive turns off the faucet.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Hurry.
text: With her legs folded under her, Clive and Elsa manage to
text: squeeze Dren into the sink sideways.
dialog: 58.
text: She squirms slightly at the shock of cold water, but hasn't
dialog: the strength to resist.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's okay, honey. It's okay.
text: Dren's breathing is getting even more shallow. Elsa tries
dialog: to hold her head up to facilitate the flow of oxygen. It's
dialog: no good.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
text: She can't breath. Her passages are
dialog: closing! Do something!
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What? What?!
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I DON'T KNOW!
text: Dren's thrashes in the water as she fights for air.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Tracheotomy!
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: With what?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: In the lab...
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: There's no time.
text: Clive gives Elsa a lost, defeated look... like this was
text: inevitable. He shakes his head. Frustration rising.
text: Suddenly, he grabs Dren by the head and pushes her face under
text: water. Elsa SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Clive! Stop it!
text: She pulls at his arms. Smashes at his shoulder. Dren, with
text: the little strength she has left, squirms for her life.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: GET OFF ME! Enough!
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: You're killing her! Let her go!
dialog: (shrieking)
dialog: STOP IT!
text: She continues to fight and claw at Clive. He hangs on,
text: elbowing her away. He leans into the sink, determined.
text: Elsa watches like we watch our own nightmares.
dialog: 65
dialog: 59.
text: BUBBLES break to the surface. First softly. Then building.
text: Bubbles in rhythmic regularity. Elsa's face lights up,
text: astounded. It's Dren. Breathing. Underwater.
text: Clive's ferocity breaks into relief and astonishment. He
text: laughs. Elsa stares down, holding her hair, awe-struck.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: She's breathing!
text: DREN has by-passed her clogged mouth and nose and is breathing
text: through gills which have emerged under her jaw-line. Clive
text: relaxes his arms. Dren has ceased struggling. He simply
text: holds her gently under the surface.
speaker_heading: LATER:
text: Dren is out of the sink, looking very much revived as Elsa
text: pats her down with a towel.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Now we know what those "blobs" are.
dialog: Amphibious lungs!
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: You saved her. My God!
dialog: (ecstatic)
dialog: How did you know?
text: Clive responds with an awkward shrug.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: You did know, right?
text: There's a moment. Just the slightest instant of hesitation.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Yeah. Of course.
text: Elsa relaxes, her doubt easily evaporating. Then Clive faces
text: her, deadly serious.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: We can't fuck around anymore. We
dialog: have to clean this place up. Make
dialog: it safe.
text: Elsa smiles and nods, relieved to finally have him on-side.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE ROOM - VIDEO MONTAGE
text: We watch a montage of video footage of Dren, taking us through
text: her rapid physical development from the body of a SEVEN YEAR-
text: OLD GIRL to that of an adolescent.
text: The storage room has now taken on the character of a family
dialog: living room.
dialog: 60.
text: Dren is dressed for the first time in a HOSPITAL GOWN. Little
text: girl's barrettes stuck to her tufts of hair humanize her
text: just enough to really emphasize her strangeness.
speaker_heading: ELSA (0.S.)
dialog: In the first three months since her
dialog: birth, Dren, the world's first human-
dialog: animal chimera, has far outstripped
dialog: our expectations.
text: Clive enters the FRAME with a cake. At first, Dren shrinks
text: from the three flickering birthday candles. But with Clive's
text: instruction, she quickly learns to blow them out. She flashes
text: a gap-toothed smile.
speaker_heading: ELSA (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: While genetically she follows the
dialog: same template as our H-40 hybrids,
dialog: the added human element appears to
dialog: be taking a dominant role.
text: Dren now looks to be perhaps ELEVEN, and increasingly girl-
text: like. Hair is beginning to thicken. The seam-like scar
text: down her face and body is less prominent.
text: Elsa conducts Dren, who sways and whistles in odd tones along
text: to a Big Band rendition of "Under My Skin" while THE VIDEO
text: CAMERA MOVES AROUND HER BODY. Clive lifts her arms for a
text: closer view. There is a strange muscle system running under
text: them and joining to the skin of her back.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (0.S.)
dialog: The muscular structures extending
dialog: from the trapezius to the deltoideus
dialog: and ending at the brachialis are
dialog: unusual, their function unclear.
text: Finally, we see what looks like a FULL-GROWN TEENAGE GIRL in
text: an old-fashioned bathtub. Her body is beginning to look more
text: like that of a young woman in puberty. Hips curved. A trace
text: of breasts noticeable. Her eyes have migrated closer to the
text: front of her head. Though still alien-looking, her features
dialog: have become quite sculpted and lovely.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: We do know she has developed a
dialog: secondary amphibian respiratory
dialog: system, and becomes ill if out of
dialog: water too long.
text: Elsa instructs as Dren arranges scrabble tiles which float
text: on the surface of the water to spell simple words. Nerds
dialog: continue to be an incentive.
dialog: 66
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: ELSA (0.S.)
dialog: Intelligence and communication skills
dialog: continue to improve. Still, her
text: mind remains her greatest mystery.
text: Dren sinks below the surface disappearing from the CAMERA'S
speaker_heading: VIEW.
speaker_heading: END MONTAGE
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Clive puts down the camcorder as Elsa dims the light near
text: Dren, who is tucking under the covers, post-bath.
text: Elsa begins to step away, when Dren bolts upright, her arms
text: reaching out, clearly agitated.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: What's wrong? What is it, honey?
text: Dren quickly shuffles through her collection of scrabble
text: tiles on the night table. She begins to arrange letters:
text: K - I- S... Elsa nearly melts.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh! I'm sorry, Dren. I forgot.
text: She leans over and gives Dren a kiss on each cheek and one
text: on the forehead. The Hybrid's tension instantly vaporizes.
text: In another instant, she's asleep, her face at peace.
text: Elsa draws a curtain suspended from the ceiling and turns to
text: Clive with a whisper.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: She's had a big day.
text: Together they collapse onto the cushions of an old couch.
text: Elsa looks exhausted. With her skirt well up above her knees,
text: Clive finds himself admiring her legs.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: It's been a long time.
text: His hand rides up her leg.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Oh, God. I didn't even notice.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Is that what happens?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: To couples when they...
dialog: 67
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: When they work too hard?
text: That wasn't quite what Clive meant, but he nods anyway.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: C'mere.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: What, here?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Just get over here.
text: He pulls Elsa into his lap and kisses her neck. Elsa slings
text: her legs over Clive, lifting her skirt, straddling him while
text: they kiss deeply, mouths open. They start to grind and groan.
text: Elsa fumbles under her skirt and we hear the sounds of CLIVE'S
text: ZIPPER and TEARING PANTYHOSE. Surprised but excited, Clive
text: disengages from their kiss to whisper in her ear.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey... we don't have any...
text: Elsa just grabs his hand and mashes it into her breasts.
dialog: They are already fucking.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: What's the worst that could happen?
text: Clive is about to put a stop to their passion when something
text: catches his eye. A shimmer. He pushes Elsa's hair out of
text: his face.
text: He sees her. Dren. Peering through the curtains. Her
text: excited breathing gives her away. Oblivious, Elsa continues
text: to ride him, her arousal building.
text: The moment is surreal. Clive continues to watch Dren
text: watching. He says nothing. Sexual momentum builds.
dialog: Strangeness.
speaker_heading: JOAN (V.O.)
dialog: Here is a couple... each so unlike
dialog: anything we've seen before...
text: Clive's face contorts into orgasm -- a release of raw physical
dialog: pleasure.
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENTION CENTER -- NIGHT
text: Clive is GRINNING WIDELY, his eyes alight with the excitement
dialog: of the evening.
dialog: 68
dialog: 63.
text: He and Elsa, formally dressed, hold hands, walking
text: ceremoniously up the stairs to a large CONVENTION CENTER -
text: site of the annual Novaphorm shareholder's meeting.
text: A large banner sports Novaphorm's logo and the slogan:
text: "DESIGNING A BETTER TODAY".
speaker_heading: JOAN (V.O.)
text: ...They are drawn together by the
dialog: simple fact that there is nobody
dialog: else quite like them.
text: On either side of the stairs, reporters, photographers, and
text: video crews jostle for position, elbow-to-elbow with
dialog: protesters from all walks of life - religious and secular.
text: As the protesters scream their epitaphs and warnings, shake
text: their signs, and bump up against a HEAVY SECURITY PRESENCE,
text: Clive and Elsa seem not to notice. This is their proudest
text: night. Arm-in-arm they stride into science's brightest
dialog: spotlight.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENTION CENTER - AUDITORIUM -- NIGHT
text: Joan stands at a podium addressing an auditorium packed to
text: the rafters with investors. We realize now that her speech
dialog: is not about Elsa and Clive after all... but about Ginger
text: and Fred, who are on stage in clear, plexi-glass cages.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: That they are completely unique in
dialog: this world is more than an act of
dialog: fate. More than just luck. It is
dialog: by design!
text: As Joan's presentation continues, the cages slowly roll
text: towards each other from opposing ends of the stage.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, let me present to you the minds
dialog: behind the design... splice-masters
dialog: extraordinaire: Clive Nicoli and
dialog: Elsa Kast!
text: With a LOUD FANFARE, Clive and Elsa take to the stage.
text: Clearly excited, caught up in the energy of the moment, they
text: wave to the cheering crowd. Joan steps aside so they can
text: huddle over the podium microphone.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: There's been a lot of talk tonight
dialog: about advancements in multi-species
dialog: morphogens. We've talked about our
dialog: new protein-based compounds. Disease-
dialog: fighting agents for livestock.
dialog: 64.
text: Behind him, a slide-show rifles through the development of
text: Ginger and Fred at the microscopic level. Barlow and Dexter
text: watch from the wings, nervous and proud. The Lab Techies are
text: fanned out behind them.
text: In the audience, front row, sit Melinda and THE PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: from "Wired" magazine.
text: Ginger and Fred's cages continue to roll towards center-stage.
text: Elsa leans into the mic.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: And that's all very exciting for
dialog: everyone at Novaphorm.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But let's be honest. What's exciting
dialog: for you people here tonight, is seeing
dialog: these two creatures. Alive! In the
dialog: flesh!
text: PERFECTLY ON CUE, the cages align. The walls separating
text: them sink away. Ginger and Fred are free to mingle in a
text: single double-sized cage.
text: As each steps forward, a little disoriented by the bright
text: lights, there is a COMMUNAL GASP from the audience.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: They are state of the art designer
dialog: organisms!
text: Ginger and Fred approach each other, sniffing and aroused,
dialog: like they have a hundred times before. Their mutual
text: excitement is so focused, they become oblivious to their
dialog: surroundings.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Man's newest and best friend...
text: The audience, getting their first clear view of the Hybrids
text: in motion, are awed and silent. A video projector splashes
text: live close-ups on the wall behind them.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: ...-Here to point the way to a
dialog: better...
text: The Hybrids' approach includes the usual PURRING RUMBLE.
text: Then, an agitated raising of hackles. Ginger's mouth opens,
text: a string of drool dropping to the floor.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: ...Today!
text: Ginger GROWLS. Clive suddenly looks worried. He glances to
text: Elsa, who shakes her head, confused just as...
dialog: 69
dialog: 65.
text: GINGER LEAPS ON FRED! The two of them fly into a vicious
text: fight! Joan staggers back from the cage. Barlow runs on-
text: stage from the wings.
text: The Hybrids are locked in a SNARLING, SCREECHING battle to
text: the death. THEY TEAR AT EACH OTHER WITH TEETH AND CLAWS
text: LIKE RABID DOGS. Blood and bits of flesh splatter the glass.
text: Dexter and several lab techs rush to help but are powerless
text: to stop the carnage. The savage fight continues until the
text: hybrids are hidden from view behind bloody glass.
text: A breathless moment of quiet.
text: THE SOUNDS RESUME full force as the cages buckle and then
text: shatter. The frenzied and mangled forms of Ginger and Fred
text: tumble out. They roll across the stage, then fall off into
dialog: the audience!
text: SCREAMS and PANDEMONIUM. Melinda and The Photographer leap
text: to their feet, just in time to catch a splash of blood across
text: their faces and the camera lens.
text: Within moments, Ginger, then Fred, collapse into puddles of
text: blood and torn flesh.
text: Clive, Elsa, Dexter and Barlow, all stand speechless before
text: the mound of gore that was their scientific triumph. The
text: entire spectacle is projected in grotesque detail on a twenty
text: foot screen behind them.
text: Joan stares hypnotically at the video enlargement of Ginger's
text: oozing innards.
scene_heading: INT. NOVAPHORM HEADQUARTERS - CONFERENCE ROOM -- DAY
text: There is a deathly silence in the room as Joan, Barlow, Clive
text: and Elsa face-off around an oversized conference table.
text: What is clear is that the Hybrid has hit the fan. Elsa's
text: white blouse is spattered with blood. Joan has made a point
text: of removing her shoes. Clive's dress pants are stained from
text: the cuffs to the knees.
text: Eventually, Barlow feels compelled to pipe up.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: I think we have to agree that this
dialog: is a setback in terms of...
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: It's a fucking disaster!
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: They've never exhibited aggression
dialog: in the past...
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Well, they did tonight. Why?
text: Clive and Elsa exchange glances, each hoping the other will
dialog: do the explaining.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (furious)
dialog: What HAPPENED?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Well... we haven't had much time to
dialog: examine the remains but... It seems
dialog: that Ginger has somehow undergone
dialog: certain... um...
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Hormonal changes.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Hormonal changes?
speaker_heading: ELSA
text: She turned into a male.
text: Joan and Barlow looks stunned.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: Just like that? Changed sex? How
dialog: could this happen?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (swallowing hard)
dialog: We... really don't know. But, clearly
text: two males, caged together and
dialog: stressed...
text: Joan carefully reads Clive and Elsa, as though they might be
text: putting her on.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: So your first surviving, living hybrid
dialog: changes sex...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And you didn't notice? How is that
dialog: possible?
text: No answer. Clive and Elsa look rightly chastised.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: We can recreate them. There's no
dialog: reason not to start over.
text: Joan slams the desk, furious.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: No more monsters!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We don't have time for that. We
dialog: need the gene that produces CD-356.
dialog: And we need it immediately.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: How are we supposed derive protein
dialog: generations from dead specimens?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Surely you're farther along than
dialog: that?!
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Synthesizing the protein hasn't been
dialog: as easy as we'd hoped.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: (angry) ;
dialog: Then you're not allocating your
dialog: resources effectively.
text: Barlow clears his throat.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: We still have a lot of material to
dialog: work with.
dialog: (to Joan)
dialog: I can put the Chem-tel team on it.
text: Clive and Elsa look to Barlow, betrayed. At their lowest
text: moment, he's clearly seizing the day.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: This is our project. We can handle
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Apparently you cannot.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: Let me do this. We can still make
dialog: the deadline.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: (to Barlow)
dialog: Done. Whatever you need. I'm making
dialog: you hands-on in charge of this.
dialog: (to Clive and Elsa)
dialog: I want that protein synthesized in
dialog: two weeks. Do you understand?
text: Clive and Elsa respond with mute compliance.
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN LAB -- DAY
text: The gestation cell is being dismantled and carried out of
text: the birthing room in pieces. Barlow leads a SMALL ARMY OF
text: INVADING SCIENTISTS in gutting the lab. They work with
text: aggressive efficiency and little regard for Clive and Elsa's
text: staff, who are left cowering on the sidelines.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE ROOM -- DAY
text: Clive, Elsa, and Dexter confer in the storage room. Clive
text: nervously paces back and forth, while Elsa sits in the corner
text: with Dren, keeping her calm in the presence of this newcomer.
text: Dexter can't help staring at Dren's strangeness.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: You have to get it out of here.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: And take her where?
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: Anywhere! Barlow's taking over every
dialog: inch of this place. He'll find it.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What are we gonna do? We need
dialog: someplace... away from everything.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: (genuinely confused)
dialog: What am I not getting here? What'd
dialog: you expect when you made it?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Didn't you have a plan?
text: Clive suddenly turns on his brother.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: We wouldn't be in this mess if you'd
dialog: been paying enough attention to
dialog: observe a fucking gender change!
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Where were you, Maestro? I was
dialog: playing catch up with of all the
dialog: work you weren't doing.
text: Tempers are really rising. Elsa suddenly speaks up in a
text: barely audible voice.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I know a place.
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What?
text: Elsa looks up, dredging the words from a place of dread.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (numb )
dialog: I know a place we can take her.
scene_heading: INT. LOADING DOCK -- NIGHT
text: Clive and Elsa stand on the platform of the loading dock as
text: Dexter slowly backs a VAN towards them, leaning out the driver-
text: side window. We can see from beyond the garage door that
text: it's late night outside.
text: Elsa holds a protective arm around Dren. Clive steadies the
text: rolling cart, loaded with equipment and supplies, at the
text: edge of the platform,
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: All these years, you've owned this
dialog: farm. And you never mentioned it?
text: Elsa looks troubled and remote.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: You knew I grew up on a farm.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I didn't know you still had it!
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: It's not my farm. It was hers.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
text: But she's dead.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: So's the farm.
scene_heading: INT./EXT VAN -- TRAVELING -- NIGHT
text: Clive and Elsa drive past the city limits. In the back,
text: seen between their bucket seats, is Dren, peering out
text: nervously from under a blanket.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I swore I'd never go back.
text: Clive glances over at Elsa, slowly putting the pieces
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: So.. it wasn't all Norman Rockwell?
dialog: 74
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: My mother had... problems. After my
dialog: father died, I became her everything.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Sounds like a lot of mothers.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: One time I made her a birthday card.
dialog: I forgot to write, "I love you."
dialog: For that, she locked me in my room
dialog: for a week. Without food or water.
text: Clive glances over, horrified, seeing Elsa in a new light.
text: Her quirks suddenly taking on new significance.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (sympathetic)
dialog: I can't believe you never told me
dialog: this before.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I just wanted to forget about it.
text: Dren presses herself against the side of Elsa's car seat.
text: Elsa rubs Dren's hand where it grips the upholstery.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: When I finally left, she refused to
dialog: touch my room. She said I'd come
dialog: back one day.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I guess she was right.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED FARM -- NIGHT
text: A clapboard farmhouse rests some twenty yards from stables
text: and a Quonset hut of corrugated iron -- A PASTEURIZATION
text: BARN. They are isolated and ominous against the night sky.
text: The van backs up to the Barn casting it in the amber glow of
text: tail lights. Clive gets out and unlocks a large sliding
text: door. Its mouth gapes open, the interior too dark to see
dialog: inside.
text: Elsa comes around to the rear of the van and opens the back.
text: Dren cowers within. Elsa holds out her arms but Dren scuttles
text: deeper inside.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: It's okay, honey. Nothing to be
dialog: afraid of.
text: Elsa climbs into the van and takes Dren by the hand.
dialog: 75
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on. This is your new home.
text: Elsa is able to lead Dren by the wrist despite her frightened
text: resistance. She drops to the ground and pulls Dren out,
text: hands under her armpits.
text: Dren's eyes widen with surprise at the moist cushy sensation
text: of grass and earth.
text: Clive and Elsa each take a firm grip on Dren's arms and walk
text: her towards the barn.
text: Dren's behavior begins to change. Her eyes squint to pluck
text: a million sights from the moonlit night: trees, grass, stars.
text: She arches her back so that her nostrils can sort through a
text: dazzling array of smells. Her ears tune into exotic sounds.
text: Curiosity and excitement rapidly eclipse her fear.
text: Suddenly, Dren wrenches herself from Clive and Elsa's
text: clutches. Spinning out of their grip, she takes off into
dialog: the night.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Dren!
text: Within moments, she has disappeared across the field and
text: into the abutting forest.
text: Clive and Elsa just stare after her, shocked at the force of
dialog: her escape.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST -- NIGHT
text: Cries of "Dren" fill the night air as Clive and Elsa wade
text: through undergrowth and thick brush with flashlights.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: This is the disaster everyone warns
text: about. A new species set loose in
dialog: the world.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Don't panic. She won't leave us.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: She just did!
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: She won't go far. We'll find her.
text: They hear a RUSTLING up ahead. Elsa gestures for Clive to
text: hush as she pushes through to a small clearing.
text: And there is Dren, clearly recognizable from behind, lit by
text: hazy moonlight. Her hunched body is shuddering, perhaps
text: crying. Elsa aims the flashlight at her.
dialog: 76
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Dren! Dren, honey?
text: Dren spins her whole body around. She hasn't been crying --
text: she's been eating. The carcass of a dead raccoon is torn
text: open in her hands. Her mouth and chin are covered in blood.
text: Elsa gasps. Dren's eyes are alight, her crimson mouth crooked
text: into a satisfied grin. A “look-what-I-found" childish
dialog: innocence.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh... Dren.
scene_heading: INT. PASTEURIZATION BARN -- NIGHT
text: Elsa locks the door from the inside and loops the key chain
text: over her head like a necklace. She turns to Dren, who is
text: hyper, panting and flitting her attention around her new
dialog: surroundings.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Dren... listen to me. You must never,
dialog: never run off like that again!
text: Dren locks eyes with Elsa, her panting suddenly stopping.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: That was bad. You understand? Bad
dialog: Dren!
text: Dren reacts to Elsa's harsh tone. Her brow furrows, lip
text: curls into a hurt expression. Elsa notices Clive watching
text: her, a little surprised at her severity.
text: Elsa draws Dren close to her, holds her tight.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry, honey. I'm not mad at
dialog: you. I was just worried.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (trying to lighten
dialog: the mood)
dialog: Well, it ain't the Taj Mahal, but
dialog: this place is going to clean up great.
text: Clive climbs up a small step ladder and pulls out a garden
text: hose from a large stainless steel tank filled with water.
text: The tank, formerly for pasteurizing milk, is a perfect vessel
dialog: for Dren's water time.
dialog: In fact, the sterile requirements of milk processing are
text: surprisingly close to those of a laboratory.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: You like it, Dren?
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 73.
text: Dren seems less enthusiastic. Elsa wets a cloth with the
text: hose and gently washes the dried raccoon blood off from her
text: mouth. But Dren resists.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Honey, please.
text: Dren tears away from Elsa.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Dren!
text: She skitters across the floor and up Clive's step ladder,
text: almost knocking him down. She propels herself, bloody hospital
text: gown and all, into the half-filled tank of water. She curls
text: up in a submerged sulk. The little hair she has floats like
dialog: sea-grass.
text: Clive steps down from the ladder and pulls Elsa close.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Why is she acting like this?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
text: She's just upset. Everything's new.
dialog: Give her time. She'll be fine.
scene_heading: EXT. BARN -- NIGHT
text: Clive and Elsa tip-toe away from Dren, sleeping soundly under
text: a blanket on an inflated mattress.
text: They carefully shut the door, locking Dren inside the Barn.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE -- NIGHT
text: It has the dark, foreboding quality of any building that
text: hasn't been entered in years. They reach the front porch.
text: Holding a FLASHLIGHT with one hand, Clive unlocks the door
text: with the other. Elsa braces herself.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: You okay?
text: Elsa bucks up and steps forward.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Yeah. Of course. It's just a house.
text: She shoves open the door with a LOUD CREAK - like a mother's
dialog: scream.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Clive snaps on the lights, though many light bulbs are dead.
text: The place is cobwebbed and dusty, but otherwise surprisingly
dialog: tidy and spare.
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 74.
text: There's a potbellied stove in the middle of the common room,
text: an open kitchen and a series of bedroom doors along the back.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE -- ELSA'S CHILDHOOD BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: The door to Elsa's old bedroom swings open. Clive peers in
text: at a room devoid of any furnishings or decor. A single twin
text: mattress sits alone in the middle of the floor.
text: Elsa hides a shudder.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I thought you said your mother kept
dialog: your room exactly like it was.
text: Elsa's mouth tightens as she turns away.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: She did.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE -- NIGHT
text: A view of the farm seen from a distance: van, barn, farmhouse.
text: The single light in the house turns off.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY ENTRANCE, LAB -- MORNING
text: Clive approaches the security entrance. Dreadlocked-Yuji
text: has been replaced by an anonymous, spit-polished SECURITY
speaker_heading: GUARD.
scene_heading: INT. LAB -- MORNING
text: Clive enters the remodeled lab, walking down a long line of
text: identical, evenly spaced work cubicles. As he passes, the
text: faces of his co-workers stare out mournfully from their boxes.
text: Like prisoners of war, observing their conquered leader in
dialog: chains.
text: With a sigh, Clive settles into his own cubical. Just another
dialog: employee.
text: The first thing he sees is Barlow's head, over the partition.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: Where's Elsa?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Not feeling well.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: She's not in?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: She's sick.
text: Barlow's lips tighten.
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: You've got to be fucking kidding me!
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: People get sick. It happens.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: You know, a lot of people would just
dialog: suck it in. Rise to the occasion.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You guys are not some special case.
dialog: Not any more.
text: Barlow storms off. Clive is left to stare at the carpet-like
text: containment of his workstation.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED DAIRY FARM - GRAVEYARD -- DAY
text: A small family graveyard behind the farmhouse. Elsa stands
text: over a HEADSTONE engraved with: HENDRIKA KAST 1948 - 1996.
dialog: We can read nothing in her face. Not hate nor love, remorse
text: nor resentment. She just stares at the grave, as if to verify
text: beyond any doubt that the woman remains dead.
scene_heading: INT. PASTEURIZATION BARN -- DAY
text: The interior has been enhanced with furniture from the
text: farmhouse as well as some makeshift lab equipment. Left
text: alone, Dren roams the perimeter clutching her Barbie. Her
text: head cocks towards the rafters, letting out an oddly
text: beautiful, but MOURNFUL SONG.
text: Dren stops by a VANITY MIRROR set up at a small table. She
text: strokes the doll's hair. Runs a finger along its neck and
text: pulls off the dress.
text: She compares it to her own reflection. Her thin, patchy
text: hair. The strange protrusions along her back and arms. The
text: alien-looking legs and undeveloped chest. The deep vertical
text: seam down her face and body.
text: The contrast to Barbie enrages her. She SMASHES THE DOLL
text: INTO THE MIRROR. Shards TINKLE away.
text: Dren lines up the Barbie so that its face and body are
text: bisected by a long vertical crack. Barbie still looks
text: impossibly beautiful. Dren throws the doll across the room.
text: Then kicks a chair into the base of the water tank.
text: A MEWING SOUND from behind the tank.
text: Curious, Dren creeps around and discovers a mottled, small
text: cat has somehow managed to sneak into the barn. It MEOWS at
text: her, looking lost, hungry and afraid.
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 76.
text: Dren cocks her head, then with frightening speed snatches it
text: up. We are instantly reminded of the raccoon's fate. But
text: Dren does not attack. Instead she strokes the animal with
text: one hand, fascinated by the texture of its fur.
text: Dren carries it with her to a workbench at the furthest corner
text: of the barn. She pulls aside a plastic sheet and hides
text: herself and the cat in the vacant storage space beneath.
speaker_heading: INSIDE DREN'S SPACE
text: She curls up, petting the cat with a kind of tender gratitude.
text: Something uglier than her.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM -- NIGHT
text: Two vehicles pull up in front of the farmhouse. Clive slides
text: down from the driver's side of the van. Elsa issues from
dialog: their vintage hotrod.
text: Together they unload boxes of equipment and supplies from
text: the back of the van.
scene_heading: INT. BARN -- EVENING
text: Elsa, Clive and Dren sit at a small folding table. Elsa has
text: trouble getting Dren to eat. Impatiently, she pushes a bowl
text: of green muck towards Dren. Dren shoves it back.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Honey, please. Not today. Eat your
dialog: dinner.
text: Elsa scoops a spoonful of gruel to Dren's mouth, but she
text: turns her head. Clive looks up from some notes.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: She doesn't like it. Maybe she'd
dialog: prefer meat.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (snapping)
dialog: She doesn't eat meat.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Is raccoon considered a vegetable?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: That was just... an accident.
dialog: (to Dren)
dialog: C'mon honey. Eat your food, you
dialog: know you're hungry.
text: Dren refuses.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: What is it? What's the matter?
text: Dren snatches the bag of scrabble tiles from the bench beside
text: her. She frantically sifts through the letters, tossing the
text: ones she needs onto the table randomly: a T, then a D, and
dialog: an I.
text: Having identified the letters she wants, Dren quickly arranges
scene_heading: them into a word. T-E-D-I-O-U-S.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: TEDIOUS!
dialog: (to Clive)
dialog: She spelled TEDIOUS!
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: Where would she get a word like that?
speaker_heading: ELSA
text: She's telling us she's bored.
dialog: (to Dren)
dialog: Why are you bored, honey? Do you
dialog: want to play a game or something?
text: Frustrated, without bothering to seek out more tiles, she
text: rearranges the letters to spell a new word: O-U-T-S-I-D-E.
text: Elsa stares down at the anagram with amazement.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, Dren.
dialog: (sadly apologetic)
dialog: No, I know. But you can't go outside.
dialog: I'm sorry. You just can't.
text: In a sudden fit of anger, Dren shoves herself backwards,
text: knocking over the table, food, letters, everything.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Dren. Come back here!
text: Dren tears across the room.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Come back here, right now!
text: Elsa rushes over, grabs Dren by the neck and arm.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: I said COME HERE!
text: Physically, Dren is now Elsa's equal, but the Hybrid succumbs
text: as Elsa pulls her back to the table. Clive rights the
text: furniture and Elsa shoves Dren back into her chair.
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Elsa, cool it.
text: Elsa spins on him.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: You saw what she did!
text: Clive takes Elsa by the shoulders, trying to calm her down.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: All right. It's over.
text: Elsa is suddenly wracked with guilt and hurt.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I just... She's getting so hard to
dialog: control.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: But she's okay now.
text: Clive glances over Elsa's shoulder and finds that Dren has,
text: in fact, left her seat. He hears a noise overhead. He and
text: Elsa look up and are startled to see Dren clamoring up a
text: network of pipes leading to the ceiling.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Dren. Stop that!
text: Dren swings along pipes and support beams and deliberately
text: kicks out panes of glass from the skylight. SMASH! Shards
text: rain down. Clive and Elsa stumble back to avoid them.
text: Dren catapults herself through the skylight and disappears
text: onto the roof.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Shit!
text: They run for the door.
scene_heading: EXT. PASTEURIZATION BARN -- EVENING
text: Clive scrambles up a slender ladder along the back of the
text: arched building. Elsa follows, a few rungs behind.
scene_heading: EXT. PASTEURIZATION BARN - ROOF -- EVENING
text: The roof has a narrow path along the center of its arch.
text: One wrong step and it's a slippery slide down to a thirty-
dialog: foot drop.
text: Clive and Elsa climb breathlessly up to see Dren at the far
text: side of the skylight, back arched, eyes wide, once again
text: bedazzled by the breadth of open space.
dialog: 79.
text: Elsa and Clive slowly shuffle across the roof towards her.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Dren. Sweetie. Come inside, okay?
text: Dren snaps her attention to the approaching couple. She
text: takes a corresponding number of backward steps.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Be careful, honey. We just want you
dialog: to stay with us. Where you're safe.
text: They ease past the broken windows of the skylight. Dren
text: continues to back away, determined not to be contained.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: C'mon Dren. We're not angry.
text: Dren is getting dangerously close to the far end of the roof.
text: Elsa looks terrified.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: DREN! COME HERE THIS INSTANT!
text: Her raised voice startles Dren back another step. Her feet
text: pivot on the edge of the roof. Her torso swings back and
text: forth, desperate to regain her balance.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: No!
text: Dren overcompensates and is about to fall backwards when...
text: A_cascade of feathers bursts through the skin under her arms.
text: Magnificent wings with shimmering translucent plumage.
text: The wings instinctively flap, lifting her body just enough
text: to regain her balance. She releases a triumphant SHRIEK and
text: lets the wings relax and settle at her sides. Shreds of
text: dry, leathery skin flake away in the breeze.
text: With the emergence of the wings, the lumpen, misshapen mass
text: of her back has transformed itself. Her body is now lean,
text: streamlined, elegant and complete.
text: Clive and Elsa observe her speechlessly. Their ugly duckling
text: has become a swan.
text: Dren unfurls her wings proudly, turns to face the forest
text: with its world of sensation and mystery. She crouches as
text: though prepared to launch into flight.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Dren, stop!
text: Dren pauses, looks back over her shoulder.
dialog: 90
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Please don't.
text: Dren keeps her eyes trained on Clive. Something in his
text: pleading tone is having an effect. He takes a few cautious
text: steps forward. Elsa watches, too frightened to interfere.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Dren. Don't go. We need you.
dialog: (gauging her reaction)
dialog: We... love you, Dren.
text: Clive holds out his hand. Dren feels the pull of freedom.
text: But the pull of Clive is stronger. Her wings abruptly
text: retract. She plunges forward, into his arms. All at once,
text: she is shaking and scared. A terrified child.
text: Clive holds her tight, stroking her back. Elsa allows herself
text: to breathe, relieved. And just a tad jealous.
scene_heading: INT. PASTEURIZATION BARN -- NIGHT
text: The skylight has been boarded shut. The last bit of natural
text: light is cut off.
text: Two sizable steaks are dropped onto an electric grill. They
text: explode with a LOUD SIZZLE. Clive is cooking. Elsa is
text: examining the latest miracle of Dren's physiology.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (to Dren)
dialog: Smells pretty good, huh?
text: Dren watches hungrily from her chair.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: You shouldn't be rewarding her for
dialog: escaping.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I'm rewarding her for coming back.
dialog: (to Dren)
dialog: Good girl.
text: Dren seems to preen at his encouraging tone. Clive can't
text: resist a quick glance down her newly feminized body, the
text: slender trace of an hour-glass figure.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: You're not a little girl anymore.
dialog: Are you?
dialog: (to Elsa)
dialog: Do you think she'll ever fly?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Don't be ridiculous, she'd need chest
text: muscles like a quarterback.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 91
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: (indicating the wings)
dialog: I think they're more... decorative
dialog: than anything else.
text: Elsa regards Dren wistfully. Like she's lost her baby girl
dialog: to this new species of young woman.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE, KITCHEN -- MORNING
text: Next morning. Elsa types notes into her laptop. While eating
text: cereal, Clive studies one of Dren's new feathers, utterly
dialog: fascinated.
text: He rubs the feather in one direction against the cereal box.
text: Its translucent hair-like threads gently give way.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: It's incredibly delicate.
text: Elsa stops typing and takes the feather and runs it the other
text: way, Slicing through the box like a razor.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: And dangerous.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You have to stop contradicting me in
text: front of Dren.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: If I say one thing, you can't always
dialog: be saying, "no, it's okay", or "she
dialog: doesn't like that".
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I don't do that. Do I do that?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Just don't make me the bitch, okay.
dialog: (back to her work)
dialog: I'm not the bad guy.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Alright. I'm sorry.
text: Clive gets up, dumping his bowl into the kitchen sink.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: We should get going.
text: Elsa doesn't move.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Go ahead.
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Elsa, we talked about this. You
dialog: have to show your face. We have to
dialog: keep up appearances.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I'm not wasting my time on Barlow's
dialog: lost cause.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm staying here with Dren.
text: Clive scoops up his duffel bag and heads for the door.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Great. I guess that just leaves me
dialog: to handle the real world.
text: He slams the door, pissed.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE -- DAY
text: Clive marches to his car, slows as he passes the barn. From
text: inside he can hear Dren's beautiful birdsong.
text: Clive presses close to the wall of the barn, peering through
text: the cracks in the clapboard exterior.
text: CLIVE'S POV: Barely visible through the slats, Dren sits
text: perched elegantly on an overhanging beam. She looks like a
dialog: statue, the only thing betraying life are the exquisitely
text: alien tones that tumble from her puckered lips.
text: Clive can't bring himself to take his eyes off her until,
text: unexpectedly and with shocking speed, she stares right back
text: at him.
text: Instinctively, he presses himself flat against the wall.
dialog: Like he's been caught doing something terribly wrong. He
text: hustles over to his car and tears down the dusty drive.
scene_heading: INT. BIRTHING CHAMBER -- DAY
text: Dexter works with glum fortitude at his work station. Clive
text: is seated next to him. In his hand is Dren's feather. Dexter
dialog: won't even look at it.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: It's incredible, Dex. The way she's
dialog: changing. She... she's like this
dialog: impossible symphony of biological
dialog: processes that just keeps--
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Stop it. Will you listen to yourself?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: DEXTER (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: She's a mistake. A mistake we're
dialog: all going to regret. For a very
dialog: long time.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: She's a living being.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: Who was never meant to exist. We
dialog: could lose everything. Everything.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: You don't know that. Maybe this is
dialog: what we're supposed to be doing.
dialog: Maybe it's a natural part of
dialog: evolution. Did you ever think of
dialog: that?
text: Dexter gives his brother a hard, long look.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: You know, you can still get out of
dialog: this. It's not too late.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: Turn her in.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Are you fucking nuts?
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: If you come clean... They might cut
dialog: you some slack. You made a mistake.
dialog: You got caught up in Elsa's craziness.
dialog: I know she coerced you into it.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Whoa, whoa. Wait a second. That's
dialog: not true. And even if it was, why
dialog: would anyone believe it?
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: Because that's what I'd tell them.
text: Clive stares at his brother in stunned disbelief. Then...
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: You're jealous. You're jealous
dialog: because we've done something
dialog: unbelievable!
dialog: 94
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: Shh. Jesus... Lower your voice...
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: ...Because one of us got to be a
dialog: genius. And it wasn't you!
text: Dexter just blinks, speechless in the face of Clive's bizarre
dialog: emotional assault.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: I'm just trying to help you.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (between his teeth)
dialog: Dexter. I haven't needed your help
dialog: since we were twelve.
text: Clive storms from the room. Heads turn. Barlow notes his
dialog: exit.
scene_heading: INT. PASTEURIZATION BARN -- DAY
text: Elsa enters the barn and gently approaches Dren, holding up
text: a hair-brush as though it were a new toy. Dren looks at it,
text: curious, but remains distant and cool.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Guess what we're going to do?
text: Elsa gently brushes Dren's hair which has recently grown
text: quite long and full. Dren, watches herself in the cracked
text: mirror, fascinated, but reluctant to exhibit pleasure.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: See how pretty you've become? Look
dialog: how long it is now.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're going to have to learn how to
dialog: be a grownup.
text: Elsa puts down the brush and opens the small drawer in the
text: table to retrieve an elastic band. She notices several
text: mottled sheets of paper under a stack of blank sheets, as
text: though deliberately stashed away.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: What are these?
text: Dren goes rigid. Elsa pulls out a series of slightly crumpled
text: drawings made with colored pencils. They are crude,
text: rudimentary attempts at a face, but as she flips through
text: them, they exhibit a clear progression of ability.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you do these? These are
dialog: wonderful!
text: As she gets towards the bottom of the stack and the sketches
text: become increasingly complex, it is obvious that all of them
dialog: are of Clive.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: (hiding disappointment)
dialog: They're really good, Dren. Are there
dialog: any of me?
text: Dren remains frozen, her eyes locked on her own reflection.
dialog: If her odd hybrid features could express embarrassment, this
dialog: might be it.
text: Elsa's hand scrambles into the drawer, pulling out some fresh
text: paper and a handful of colored pencils.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Show me? Show me how you draw.
text: Elsa tilts one of the mirrors so that Dren can get a good
text: look at her face.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Will you do one of me?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Please?
text: Dren unfreezes and abruptly grabs up all the pictures of
text: Clive. She bolts with them to her hiding place.
text: Elsa sighs, then strides sternly across the room.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's just the two of us, young lady.
dialog: You're going to have to learn who's
dialog: boss.
text: Elsa pulls aside the plastic sheet and discovers Dren crouched
text: inside, cradling the cat in her arms, stroking it obsessively.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Dren. What's that? Where did you
dialog: get that?
text: Dren shimmies deeper into her hiding spot.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Give it to me.
text: Elsa's hand snatches out and grabs the cat by the scruff of
text: the neck, yanking it away. Dren YELPS.
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry, Dren. We can't keep it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We can't take a chance. It could
dialog: make you sick.
text: Dren is horrified. She reaches out for her beloved cat, but
text: Elsa coldly stands up and steps back, suddenly the stern
dialog: matron.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: You can't always have what you want.
dialog: That's a part of growing up too.
text: Elsa heads for the door. Dren's knees curl up under her
text: arms. Her eyes squint with rage.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE - COMMON ROOM -- DAY
text: Elsa enters the farmhouse with the cat, places it on the
text: floor. It MEOWS needily. She goes to the fridge, pours some
text: milk into a saucer and lays it next to the cat, who hungrily
dialog: laps it up.
text: Elsa sees a portrait of her mother on the wall. Her face
text: stern and joyless, the trademark swatch of white hair trailing
text: down her left cheek.
text: Something like regret plays across Elsa's face.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM -- EVENING
text: Clive's car pulls up the drive.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE -- EVENING
text: Clive comes into the darkened farmhouse.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: El?
text: No sign of her. He explores deeper into the house.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE - ELSA'S OLD BEDROOM -- EVENING
text: The door opens a crack. Clive pokes his head inside. Elsa
text: is fast asleep, curled up child-like on the tiny mattress.
text: Clive gently pulls a blanket over her, then quietly leaves
text: the room, shutting the door behind him.
scene_heading: INT. PASTEURIZATION BARN -- NIGHT
text: Clive enters the barn. He hears a rustle and sees Dren curled
text: by her private space.
dialog: 87.
text: Clive walks over and kneels next to her. Dren stares at the
text: floor, her jaw is set and angry.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What's the matter girl?
text: Dren melts into sorrow the way a child responds to pity.
text: She launches herself into Clive's sympathetic arms,
text: shuddering.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Bad day?
text: Clive pulls her gently to her feet.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's lighten things up around here.
text: Clive moves to another part of the room, slides a CD into a
text: boom-box on the counter. It's the rendition of "Under My
dialog: Skin" that Dren likes.
text: The music perks her up. She sways in time with it, chortling
text: and whistling.
text: Clive does a comical two-step that brings a hint of a smile
text: to Dren's face. Emulating him, she sways from foot to foot
text: in time with the music.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Atta-girl. I knew we got the dance
dialog: gene in there.
text: Clive comes up to her, positions Dren's arms on his shoulders,
text: putting one hand above her hip, the other gently on her back.
text: He leads her in a clumsy rocking slow dance, slightly
text: ridiculous at first -- like the ill-matched couples in an
dialog: elementary school gymnasium.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Follow my lead.
text: They slowly find a measure of synch, despite their differing
text: anatomy. Clive's lead sets an elegant rhythm.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll show you how the pros do it.
text: Clive throws a couple of variations into the foot work.
text: Dren, now in the groove, follows perfectly. They become
text: graceful and lightfooted.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: My first girlfriend made me take
dialog: dance lessons.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Don't tell Elsa.
dialog: 100
dialog: 88.
text: As though triggered by the hint of conspiracy, Dren tightens
text: her grip on Clive, drawing him in close. The move is subtle,
text: adjusting her balance, but they now dance body-to-body.
text: Dren's eyes close, her head rolls back, getting lost in the
text: music and the intimacy. Despite himself, Clive is becoming
text: aroused. He notes the sensuous length of her neck, the arch
text: of her back, her hair...
text: He freezes. Drops his arms. Dren's eyes open, bewildered.
text: Wondering what she's done wrong.
text: Clive gently brushes back Dren's hair where he finds a SINGLE
text: SHOCK OF WHITE.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Elsa...
text: Dren is annoyed that Elsa's name should interrupt the dance.
text: Clive steps back from her, shaken.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. That's enough.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That's enough dancing. Dren.
text: Clive walks over to the boom box and smacks the STOP button,
text: then strides off towards the door.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Good night.
text: He makes a hasty exit, leaving Dren slumped in the middle of
text: the barn like a jilted date.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE - COMMON ROOM -- MORNING
text: Elsa emerges from her childhood bedroom, rubbing her eyes.
text: Clive is already dressed for work, sipping coffee at the
text: table, looking angry.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I thought I was taking a quick nap.
dialog: I must have... I slept like a rock.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: It's your DNA.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: In Dren.
text: Elsa doesn't have a response, there's no denying it.
dialog: 101
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: You put yourself into the experiment.
dialog: (furious, grasping
dialog: for the right words)
dialog: How could... What were you...? I
dialog: mean, was this ever about the science?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Of course it was. It still is.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: If you really believe that then you're
dialog: even more fucked up than I thought.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I'm sick of it. I'm tired of being
dialog: your crutch. I'm tired of your
dialog: secrets... And your lies.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I didn't lie. I didn't say who's
dialog: DNA, did I?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Yeah, you were very careful. What
dialog: was it? “Healthy female. Clean
dialog: heredity"?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Exactly. Why not me?
text: Clive bolts out of his chair, heading for the door.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Maybe you should take another glance
dialog: at your family history.
text: Clive makes a slamming exit, leaving Elsa alone with his
text: parting jab.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE - COMMON ROOM -- DAY
text: Elsa sits depressed at the table, her face tight with
text: frustration and anger. She feels like complete wreckage.
text: Dren is mad at her. Clive's mad at her. She hasn't been to
dialog: work. Everything's falling apart.
text: Something brushes past her leg and she looks down. It's the
text: cat, rubbing affectionately against her. Elsa's face suddenly
text: softens. She picks put the cat and strokes it, relieved
dialog: that someone, anyone, isn't hating her.
dialog: 102
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: INT. PASTEURIZATION BARN -- DAY
text: Elsa enters the barn, locking the door behind her with the
text: key she wears around her neck. She carries a cardboard box
text: under one arm.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Dren, c'mere honey. I have something
dialog: for you.
text: Dren emerges from her private hiding space, cautious but
text: curious. Elsa sits cross-legged on the floor, patting a
text: spot in front of her for Dren to sit. Dren sullenly complies.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Can't you smile for me?
text: Dren lifts her head, expressionless eyes on Elsa, eager to
text: demonstrate that she doesn't merit a smile.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: You know I love you, don't you?
text: Elsa gives her a warm, loving smile. Dren maintains her
text: cold stare, not giving an inch. Elsa gives her words extra
dialog: emphasis, determined that Dren understand:
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: You're a part of me. And I'ma part
dialog: of you... I'm inside you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll always be here for you. Always.
text: Elsa opens the box and presents the cat. Dren's face grows
text: instantly alert. She glances at Elsa slightly mistrusting.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: There you go. You can keep her.
dialog: Why not? It's nice to have a pet.
text: Elsa gently places the cat on the floor. It approaches Dren,
text: rubbing against her leg.
text: Dren cocks her head.
text: Her tail suddenly lashes out -- its deadly stinger jabbing
text: the cat in the skull. It drops dead instantly.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: My God! Oh, my God? Dren!!!
text: Dren finally gives her the smile she wanted. Elsa lashes
text: out, slapping her hard across the face.
text: Elsa brings both hands up to her own mouth, shocked at what
dialog: Dren has provoked.
dialog: 103
dialog: 91.
text: In the same instant, Dren lunges forward, pouncing on her,
text: knocking her down. A clawed foot grabs the key from around
text: Elsa's neck and rips it off. The spiked tail hovers close
text: to her face.
text: There's a moment between them where it seems that Dren might
text: actually sting her. Elsa's eyes register real fear. The
dialog: power balance has tipped.
text: Then Dren pushes Elsa backwards, sending her sprawling across
text: the floor and makes a break for the front door. She awkwardly
text: works the key into the lock. CLICK. It opens.
text: With a SQUAWK, Dren pulls off the lock and opens the door.
text: Inviting sunlight washes over her as...
text: WHAP! Something has struck the back of Dren's head. She
dialog: drops.
text: Elsa stands, panting over her, a rusted milk can in her hands.
scene_heading: INT. BARN -- LATER
text: Dren wakes to find her arms, legs and tail secured to an
dialog: examination table.
text: Elsa stands over her, a scalpel in hand, her face utterly
text: devoid of emotion. She speaks in a detached, clinical manner
text: into a tape recorder.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (into tape recorder)
dialog: Physically H-50 has evolved well.
dialog: However, recent violent behavior
dialog: suggest dangerous psychological
dialog: developments.
text: She brings the knife up to Dren's scalp. Dren CRIES OUT,
text: fights against her restraints. For a moment, we might think
text: that Elsa is about to perform brain surgery.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Erratic behavior may be caused by a
dialog: disproportionate species
dialog: identification. Cosmetically "human"
dialog: affectations should be eliminated
dialog: wherever possible.
text: Elsa clicks off the recorder and takes a handful of Dren's
text: hair. She painfully hacks it off with the scalpel. In this
text: way, Elsa shears Dren's beautiful mane until she is left
text: with a patchy shorn mess. Dren MEWS in anguish at this
dialog: humiliation.
text: Then, with growing terror, Dren watches as Elsa moves to the
text: opposite end of the table, where a small tray of surgical
text: instruments waits. Elsa CLICKS the recorder back on.
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Due to her unstable condition, it
dialog: has become necessary to remove her
text: zootoxin glands and stinger.
text: Elsa snaps off the recorder, sets it down by the tray. She
text: hazards a glance at Dren. Her creation watches her, wide-
text: eyed with terror.
text: Elsa brakes the gaze, pulls up a surgical mask and jabs a
text: hypodermic needle into Dren's tail. With frigid disregard,
text: she selects a slender bone-saw from the tray and begins her
dialog: work.
text: Dren lets out a SAVAGELY SHRILL SCREAM.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED DAIRY FARM -- EVENING
text: Clive drives up to the barn. He thinks he hears a HIGH-PITCHED
text: SCREAM under the SOUND OF THE RADIO. He snaps off the music,
dialog: but there's nothing.
scene_heading: INT. PASTEURIZATION BARN -- EVENING
text: Clive lets himself in and is confronted with the horrific
text: aftermath of an improvised surgery. Dren is strapped semi-
text: conscious to the table. Elsa is bandaging the stump of her
text: tail. Long locks of hair litter the floor near a puddle of
text: congealing blood.
text: Dren cranes her neck and cries out to Clive, her fingers
text: flexing and clawing under the straps.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What the fuck are you doing?!
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: What I had to.
text: Clive sees an eight-inch segment of tail laying in the sink.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Jesus Christ! Elsa!
text: Clive rushes to the table to unstrap Dren, but Elsa grabs
dialog: his wrist.
speaker_heading: ELSA
text: She's become unstable. She killed a
dialog: cat. She almost killed me.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: And so you... cut off her hair?
text: Elsa doesn't respond. She simply takes the chunk of Dren's
text: tail in her rubber-gloved hand and places it carefully ina
text: small picnic cooler filled with ice cubes.
dialog: 106
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Are you any closer to finding the
dialog: protein?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What does that have to do with
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: You haven't because you're working
dialog: with tissue that's been dead too
dialog: long.
text: Clive catches her meaning.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: We don't know that she has it.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Of course she does. She has
dialog: everything Ginger and Fred had. And
dialog: more.
text: Elsa moves for the door.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I'm going to solve this thing! I'm
dialog: going to put things right.
text: She makes her exit. Within moments, Clive can hear the engine
dialog: of their car start.
text: He rushes over to Dren, unties her.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Dren?
text: Dren looks to him with wounded, frightened eyes, as if he
text: were an accomplice in her torture. She weakly retreats to
dialog: the corner.
dialog: Clive takes in the shambles of this private hell, the
text: deteriorating condition of the barn. At his feet is the
text: carcass of the dead cat.
scene_heading: EXT. FAMILY PLOT -- TWILIGHT
text: Clive shovels dirt out of a hole about the size of a large
text: shoe box. A few feet away is the tombstone of Elsa's mother.
text: He gently lowers a small package wrapped in paper towel into
text: the hole. A breeze blows aside the paper and we see that
dialog: it's the cat.
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 94,
scene_heading: INT. MAIN LAB -- NIGHT
text: Dark and empty but for a light on at a single work station.
text: Elsa is working hard through the night. The cooler is at
text: her feet. A pot of coffee smolders near the microscope.
text: There's a desperate urgency to her work, but an unstoppable
text: determination in her eyes. She's going to do it.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Clive is agitated, pacing the floor of the bedroom with a
text: tumbler of ice-cubes in one hand. He fumbles on the dresser
text: with a bottle of scotch. He pours himself a healthy hit of
text: liquor, tosses it down his throat.
text: His laptop is open. On-screen is a webcam feed from the
text: barn: several cameras trained on various angles encompassing
text: the room. No sign of Dren.
text: All at once, her face pops up. Clive catches this. Comes
text: close. Then as if sensing his presence, she abruptly
dialog: disappears.
text: He flips through several windows, picking her up again from
text: another angle: She climbs the step ladder, removes her
text: hospital gown and slides into her water tank.
text: He calls up an underwater camera. Dren sensuously rolls her
text: naked body against the wall of the pool, the water acting
text: like a healing salve for her damaged tail. He can't get over
text: how lithe and womanly she has become.
text: Instinctively, he reaches out and runs his fingers along her
text: image. As he does this, Dren's own hand reaches out, and
text: impossibly, brushes past the camera, mirroring his gesture.
text: Clive jumps back, jolted from his trance. He slams the laptop
text: shut. He grabs the bottle of scotch and slides to the floor,
text: pouring a large gulp down his throat.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN LAB -- MORNING
text: Elsa gathers her things into her knapsack, in higher spirits
dialog: than we've seen in a while.
text: As she moves to the door, it swings open. She lets out a
text: startled gasp. It's Barlow.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Bill, you're early.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: Let me get this straight.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 110
dialog: 111
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: BARLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: You stay home because you're sick.
dialog: But now I find you sneaking around
dialog: when no one's here?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Making up for lost time.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: It's too late for that. They won't
text: extend the deadline. It's over.
dialog: You've screwed us all.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: While you're here, you might as well
text: clear out Clive's desk.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I don't think so.
text: Barlow explodes.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: No one cares about what you think
dialog: anymore! You're an embarrassment to
dialog: this company. It's going to take
dialog: years to--
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: The protein's been synthesized.
text: Barlow is rendered speechless. She pushes past him and heads
dialog: for the door.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: (on the way out)
dialog: It's in the fridge. When some real
dialog: scientists get here, have them take
dialog: a look.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM -- MORNING
text: A beam of sunlight smacks Clive across the eyes. He hauls
text: himself upright with a pained groan. Whisky and guilt are
text: twin swords slicing his brain.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Elsa? EL?!
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Clive trudges though the common room, still a little drunk
text: and clearly in pain.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Elsa!
text: He shuffles out the front door.
dialog: 112
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: INT. PASTEURIZATION BARN -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Clive finds the barn empty. Elsa is not there, nor is Dren.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Elsa?! Dren?!
text: He zeroes-in on Dren's special hiding place, but she's not
dialog: there.
text: He bounds up the step ladder only to find the murky water
text: Dren-less. He's beginning to panic, rushing around the tank.
text: As he turns, WHAM, Dren is on him.
text: She's planted him with a full-on, open-mouthed kiss. Clive
text: pulls himself out of it, perhaps a little reluctantly.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Dren, you can't... what are you doing?
text: Dren stares at him hungrily. Her parted lips have a fullness
text: he'd never noticed. Her eyes shine with unabashed, pure
text: lust. The knowledge that some part of her is Elsa somehow
text: heightens the moment.
text: When her mouth finds its way back to his, he plunges in with
text: abandon. Her hospital gown falls off one shoulder. Dren
text: wraps her legs around Clive's torso, driving her breasts up
text: to his face, her wings unfurl, flapping excitedly.
text: Clive presses her up against the water tank. They writhe to
text: the floor, gown riding up over her waist. Clive quickly
text: fumbles open his pants, tears open his shirt.
text: His mouth is all over her marble-white torso. Dren's tail
text: rides up between his legs, exploring. She arches her back,
text: allowing entry. Clive's body surrenders to the moment.
text: In the growing excitement, the bandage on Dren's tail begins
text: to tear off. The stump has already healed over -- And the
text: severed stinger has grown back, protruding from the new sheath
text: of skin and dripping with fresh venom!
text: It curls around Clive, a hair's breadth from his naked skin.
text: But Clive is oblivious, building to climax.
text: A STARTLED GASP pulls him out of it.
text: Clive and Dren freeze as one. Clive quickly turns and sees...
text: Elsa, paralyzed near the door. Her mouth hangs open in an
text: expression of shocked repulsion. Clive scuttles off Dren,
text: clumsily reassembling his pants.
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (hysterical)
dialog: Get away! Stay away from me!
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Elsa... I'm sorry... I don't...
text: Clive stands midway between Elsa and Dren. His lips mumble,
dialog: looking for the right words. They don't exist.
text: He turns from Elsa's disbelieving grimace to Dren's horrified
text: face as she sits there half-naked, abandoned in mid-coitus.
text: Their looks are IDENTICAL. Mother and daughter. The
text: resemblance hammers Clive's brain.
text: Elsa finally unfreezes. She backs toward the door, gets a
text: hand on the doorknob and tears out of there. Clive takes
text: off after her, clutching his open shirt, slamming the door
text: behind him.
text: Dren is left on the floor by the tank, her face still wearing
text: Elsa's horror.
scene_heading: EXT. DAIRY FARM -- MORNING
text: Elsa is already in her car, backing around to make a forward
text: exit. Clive pounds on the driver's-side window.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Elsa, don't go. Talk to me.
text: Clive watches helplessly as Elsa burns away with SCREECHING
text: TIRES. He grips his hair. Looks to the pasteurization barn,
text: then at the dusty trail of the receding vehicle.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Fuck.
text: Clive quickly locks the barn, then clamors into the van and
text: drives off after her.
scene_heading: INT. CLIVE AND ELSA'S APARTMENT -- EVENING
text: Clive enters the apartment. Sees a stack of mail has
text: collected on the floor. There's a light on in the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. CLIVE AND ELSA'S APARTMENT -- KITCHEN -- EVENING
text: Clive finds Elsa at the kitchen table staring into space.
text: He approaches, sheepish, not sure what to expect.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: El.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (low)
dialog: Don't.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I guess "I'm sorry" isn't worth much.
text: Elsa explodes.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: "I'M SORRY?" I'm sorry means nothing!
dialog: It doesn't take ANYTHING away!
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: It just happened. I barely knew...
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I don't even know who you are anymore!
dialog: You've become something sick!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Forget about what it means to me!
dialog: There are some things you just DO
dialog: NOT DO!
text: Clive lets her rage wash over him. But something she said
text: catches in his mind. It takes a moment for words to emerge.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: We changed the rules.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: You're not talking your way out of
dialog: this!
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: We crossed a line. After that...
dialog: things got confused...
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Confused about what?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Right and wrong.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I don't think you're in a position
dialog: to talk to me about right and wrong.
text: Now Clive is finding his anger.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Oh... And you are? Why did you want
dialog: to make her in the first place? For
dialog: the betterment of mankind?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (no response)
dialog: You didn't want an normal child
dialog: because you were afraid of losing
dialog: control. But an experiment... that's
dialog: something else.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I love her.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: So, do I. But we fucked up, El.
dialog: Jesus Christ. We chained her up.
text: Locked her away from the world.
dialog: Sawed off her fucking tail.
text: Elsa holds her head in her hands. Regret is beginning eclipse
dialog: rage.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I cut off her tail.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It seemed like a good idea at the
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Fuck. Everything seemed like a good
dialog: idea.
text: Clive glances around the apartment, taking in their old life.
text: Their wide-screen tv, surround-sound stereo, games, gadgets,
text: luxuries. Their wall of books and toys.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: I just wish things could go back to
dialog: the way they were.
text: Elsa raises her head, wiping tears from her eyes. She's
text: bucking up. She's getting her head straight.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: I synthesized the protein.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELSA
text: The CD-356 level in her blood's ten
dialog: times higher than what Ginger and
dialog: Fred ever had. She's boiling over
dialog: with it.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Then... we could save things. Put
dialog: our lives back together.
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: We could start to. Except for...
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Except. For. Her.
text: Clive just stares at Elsa. An unspoken understanding. Elsa
dialog: whispers:
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: We can't do that.
text: Clive's silence says everything.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: We can't... We have a responsibility.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: The experiment is over. Our
dialog: responsibility is to end it.
text: Elsa begins to concede to his chilling logic.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: .. How?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: The most humane way possible.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED FARM -- DAY
text: Clive and Elsa have returned. They slam the doors to the
text: van and head towards the barn without a word. Clive has a
text: large hypodermic needle in his hand, already uncapped.
scene_heading: INT. PASTEURIZATION BARN -- DAY
text: The RATTLE of the lock. The SQUEAK of the door opening.
text: Clive and Elsa enter the barn and quickly bolt the door behind
dialog: them.
text: Elsa calls out, careful not to let even a hint of emotion
text: enter her voice.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Dren! Come out Dren.
text: There is no sign of her. The room is quiet. Too quiet.
text: Clive goes to her hiding place. Nothing. They scan the
text: rafters.
text: Elsa climbs up the step ladder to peer into the tank. The
text: water is murky, a slight film on the surface. She brushes
text: the water with her hand. Elsa leans in closer...
dialog: 101.
text: Dren's face bobs to the surface. Elsa jumps back, nearly
text: losing her balance, but Dren is completely inert. Eyes stare
text: sightlessly at her.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: (suddenly panicked)
dialog: Clive! Help me!
text: Clive joins her by the rim, sees Elsa struggling under Dren's
text: dead weight, isn't sure what to do.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on!
text: Clive drops the needle. Together, with difficulty, they
text: manage to hoist Dren out of the water and lower her to the
text: floor. She feels Dren's forehead.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Fever.
text: Dren convulses. Her head shaking, body buckling. Elsa drops
text: to her knees, checking Dren's vital signs, puts her head to
text: the creature's chest.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
text: Faint. Barely there.
text: Elsa takes Dren under the arms. Clive goes around to the
text: feet. Together they move Dren away from the tank.
text: They gently set Dren down on a cot. Elsa fills the sink
dialog: with water.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Open the door.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Get some fresh air in here.
text: Elsa comes back to Dren, wiping her brow with a cool, damp
dialog: cloth.
text: Clive opens the doors to the barn. Fresh air and daylight
text: wash over Dren, pulling her back into consciousness. Her
text: eyes drift to the opening. A gateway to trees, sky, a whole
dialog: universe that she was never allowed to experience.
text: Elsa sees this, feels the regret of a failed parent. One
dialog: that could never allow her child to prosper in the world.
text: Slowly, Dren's eyes grow weary. She drifts back into
text: unconsciousness.
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What do we do?
text: Elsa shakes her head. No answers.
scene_heading: INT. BARN -- NIGHT
text: The light has grown dim. Clive is asleep in an old arm chair.
text: The sound of SOBBING wakes him. He opens his eyes, sees
text: Elsa from behind, hunched, crying.
text: Dren lies on the cot deathly still.
text: He reaches for Elsa. Then draws his hand back, knowing his
dialog: touch can only make things worse.
scene_heading: EXT. FAMILY PLOT -- NIGHT
text: Clive climbs out of a freshly dug shallow grave in the family
text: plot, next to where the cat had been buried, Elsa's mother
dialog: nearby.
text: A single lantern lights their farewell.
text: Elsa gently drops the Barbie doll into the grave. Dren's
text: body is already down there, wrapped in Elsa's old blanket.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Do you, uh... want to say anything?
text: Elsa shakes her head.
dialog: There are no more tears, no more words. Just the dreadful
text: weight of remorse.
text: Clive shovels earth into the grave.
scene_heading: EXT. BARN -- NIGHT
text: A bonfire crackles in a garbage can near the entrance to the
text: barn. Clive throws clothes, molted feathers, garbage... any
text: remaining evidence of Dren into the flames.
scene_heading: INT. BARN -- NIGHT
text: The barn is nearly cleaned out, the vat drained, equipment
text: boxed and prepped for moving.
text: Elsa sweeps the last of the garbage off the floor. She jams
text: the broom into Dren's old hiding place and draws back a pile
text: of papers. She is suddenly stuck with emotion.
dialog: These are drawings that Dren had made of Elsa. Not one, not
text: two, but many sketches. All of them hidden away.
dialog: 122
dialog: 103.
dialog: All of them speaking of a secret love that a daughter had
dialog: for a mother.
text: Tears well in Elsa's eyes. Clive steps into the barn with a
text: wheeled dolly.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Almost done?
text: Elsa swallows her emotion, speaks without turning to him.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Almost.
text: Clive, nods. Feels her anguish. But can say nothing more.
text: He hoists a box onto the cart and wheels it to the door...
text: Stops, sets it down as he hears THE SOUND OF AN APPROACHING
speaker_heading: VEHICLE.
scene_heading: EXT. BARN -- NIGHT
text: Clive and Elsa come out of the barn as a SEDAN roars up the
text: drive. The door flies open and Dexter steps out. His
text: expression is a combination of stern resolve and guilt.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: I'm sorry. I had to. It's the only
dialog: way.
text: The passenger-side door opens and out steps Barlow, furious.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: Alright. Let's see it.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: What the fuck, Bill?
dialog: (beat, then to Dexter)
dialog: What did you tell him?
text: Dexter glares at her, long buried resentment rising to the
dialog: surface.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: I didn't have to tell him much.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: Do you think I'm stupid? Those
dialog: samples you gave me had human DNA
dialog: content.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They didn't come from Ginger and
dialog: Fred. They came from something else.
text: Something that's still alive.
text: Clive and Elsa can't deny it. He's got them dead to rights.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: BARLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: (seething)
dialog: And to think you did it under my
dialog: watch.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now. Let me see this thing. It
dialog: doesn't belong to you.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: "It" doesn't belong to anyone.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: You made it at a Novaphorm lab.
dialog: It's company property. And I want
dialog: to see it. Right now!
text: Clive and Elsa share a look.
speaker_heading: BARLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Where is it?!
dialog: They say nothing.
speaker_heading: BARLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Fine.
text: Barlow pulls out his cell phone, starts to dial.
speaker_heading: BARLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm calling in a forensic team.
speaker_heading: ELSA
text: She's already dead.
text: Barlow hangs up the phone.
text: Dexter reacts to this news, relieved but perhaps a little
dialog: saddened also.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's over, Bill.
text: Elsa pushes past Barlow and heads towards the van. He trails
text: after Elsa. Clive follows, numbly.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: I don't believe you.
text: Elsa picks up a shovel off the ground. Tosses it to Barlow.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: See for yourself.
text: Barlow catches the shovel, looks at it with distaste.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
text: She's buried behind the house.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: BARLOW
dialog: And how do I know there's only one?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: One was enough.
speaker_heading: SHHHRK!
text: A violent backwash of air. Barlow's face is frozen in an
dialog: odd state of consternation until...
text: ..-his head slides off his neck. And drops on the lawn.
text: The rest of his body crumbles after it.
text: Elsa SCREAMS, stumbles backwards. Clive reacts, stunned
dialog: as...
text: Something lands on the ground between them. Something big.
speaker_heading: DREN.
text: Covered in grave dirt.
text: Resurrected. Transformed.
speaker_heading: MALE.
text: The difference in physiology is unmistakable. The eyes are
text: now set in the front of the skull, defining him as a predator.
text: The arms more developed, hips narrowed, pectorals pure
text: rippling muscle. And the wings are massive, one still coated
text: with a streak of Barlow blood.
dialog: The only detail that clearly marks this as the Dren that we
text: once knew is the blazing shock of white hair on the left
text: side of his head.
text: Male-Dren turns to Elsa, takes a threatening step forward.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: El, run!
text: But she's frozen to the spot, transfixed by this macabre
text: transformation. Dren takes another menacing step forward.
text: Clive leaps between them. Male-Dren instantly attacks,
text: effortlessly flinging Clive into the burning trash can,
text: spilling its contents and setting the ground alight.
text: Dexter lunges to retrieve the shovel. He picks it up and
text: swings. Ina blur of movement, Male-Dren deftly dodges it,
text: and with one sweep of his wings, leaps off Clive, dragging
text: Dexter into the darkness.
text: Elsa rushes over to Clive, bloodied but not badly injured,
text: and pulls him to his feet. They watch helpless as sounds of
text: violence fill the air.
dialog: 123
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Dexter?!
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Dexter!
text: A deadening calm descends. Nothing but the CRACKLING FIRE.
text: Flames lap at the barn door.
text: Elsa tries to pull Clive away.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Come on...
text: Clive shakes her off.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: DEXTER!!!
text: Elsa abandon's him, bolts for the van.
scene_heading: INT. VAN -- NIGHT
text: Elsa jumps into the driver's seat, hands shaking, she pats
text: her pockets, searching for the keys.
text: Clive wrenches open the driver's-side door.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: We can't leave!
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Where's the keys?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I am not leaving my brother!
speaker_heading: ELSA
text: He's gone.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: No, he's--
text: WHAM! SOMETHING DROPS FROM THE SKY AND LANDS ON THE
speaker_heading: WINDSHIELD:
text: Dexter. Savagely mauled and very dead.
text: Elsa cries out. Clive stares, mute.
text: From above, THE SOUND OF POWERFUL FLAPPING WINGS.
text: Elsa swallows her horror, leaps out of the van and grabs
dialog: Clive.
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: COME ON!
text: He's in shock. She half-pushes, half-drags him in the
text: direction of the farmhouse.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Elsa and Clive burst inside, freaking out. Elsa locks the
text: door behind them.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE - KITCHEN -- NIGHT
text: Elsa and Clive stumble into the kitchen. She wets a rag in
text: the sink and dabs his wounds.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What... happened?!
text: Elsa is struck with a realization.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Ginger. The same thing that happened
dialog: to Ginger.
text: CRASH! Something heavy has landed on the roof. SCRATCHING,
text: CLAWING FOOTSTEPS track over their heads.
text: Elsa draws a butcher knife from the kitchen counter.
text: CRASH! Glass shatters in one of the closed rooms.
text: Elsa stands frozen, staring at the door to her old bedroom.
text: From beyond the door, she hears a LOUD ROAR, and the TINKLING
text: OF GLASS. She's drawn to it, despite herself.
text: Clive sniffs the air. Elsa thrusts open the door.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Don't..!
text: WHOOSH! Flames belch from the room in an explosive backdraft.
text: Elsa is propelled to the floor. She watches, mesmerized, as
text: a chunk of barn lays burning on the mattress. Apparently,
text: Male-Dren thrust it through the window. The entire room in
text: flames. He's smoking them out.
text: Clive grabs Elsa, wrenching her from the sight.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on!
text: Clive drags Elsa to the door. He grabs a flashlight from
text: the counter. Together, they stumble out into the night.
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE -- NIGHT
text: They burst out of the house, Clive clutching the flashlight,
text: Elsa the butcher knife. She yanks on his arm.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Clive...
text: He turns, sees...
text: Male-Dren perched on the roof, silhouetted by flames.
text: They are frozen by the sight.
text: Slowly, with frightening grace, Male-Dren rises, flexes his
text: wings, towering to his full eight-foot-height. His face
text: shows no evidence of compassion. Old Dren's capacity for
text: human emotion has been replaced by pure animal impulse.
text: He SCREECHES A DEAFENING SCREAM, then crouches to pounce.
text: Clive and Elsa bolt for the forest.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST -- NIGHT
text: Clive and Elsa stumble over rough terrain. Branches whip
text: their face and arms. Thick bushes tear at their legs.
text: Above: FLAPPING WINGS followed by the RUSTLE OF BRANCHES.
text: FLAP, RUSTLE. FLAP, RUSTLE. It's getting closer.
text: It sounds like Male-Dren is flinging himself from tree to
text: tree, tracking them from above. And then nothing. Silence.
text: They resume their run.
scene_heading: EXT. BOG -- NIGHT
text: They stumble into a waist-deep SWAMPY BOG. Elsa scrambles
text: out onto a rocky embankment. Clive struggles through the
text: sucking mud, gets stuck.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Come on.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I... can't.
text: Cursing, Elsa tries to pull him up on a rock, but they slip,
text: knocking the flashlight into the water. Clive watches
text: helplessly as it sinks, the beam illuminating its descent.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: No!
text: Grabbing a stick, she lies on her belly and prods the muddy
dialog: bottom.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Let it go.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: We need it.
text: Clive inches ahead of her, laying himself prone on ground.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I'll get it.
text: Clive grasps the stick and prods deeper for the flashlight.
text: The stick dances around the light, finally managing to hook
text: around the handle.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Got it.
text: He pulls the light up, illuminating the ghostly face of Male-
text: Dren who swims amphibian-like under the surface.
text: Elsa screams, jumps back. Male-Dren grabs the stick and
text: yanks Clive into the water.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: Clive!
text: Elsa can make out the dim figure of Clive as he is pulled
text: under. Air bubbles to the surface. She watches helplessly
text: as the water churns and the light quickly fades to darkness.
text: And then, all becomes still.
text: Elsa bends over the embankment, trying to penetrate the murky
dialog: liquid.
text: Suddenly, Clive's face buoys into view.
speaker_heading: ELSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Clive!
text: She grabs him by the shirt, drags him onto the rock. He is
text: still breathing.
text: And then she sees...
text: Male-Dren rising up, water draining from his raptor form,
text: wings spread above, ready to pounce.
text: Elsa is immobilized, not wanting to leave Clive. Male-Dren
text: stares at her with piercing eyes. It's Elsa that he wants.
text: He leaps forward in a blur of motion.
text: She turns, bolts through a narrow opening between dense trees.
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST -- NIGHT
text: Elsa runs blindly.
text: Ahead is an outcropping of rock. She squeezes inside.
text: Something lands on the rock above, debris showers over the
text: opening. A HOLLOW CRY.
text: Elsa stifles her breath, stares helplessly, waiting.
text: Then more FLAPPING WINGS... and quiet.
text: As carefully as she can, Elsa worms her way out and takes
dialog: off.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD -- NIGHT
text: Elsa breaks through the tree-line and tumbles into a sea of
text: waist-high wheat. She weaves through it, directionless,
dialog: panicked.
text: Again, the sound of flapping wings overhead.
text: She throws herself to the ground, lies under the cover of
text: wheat, choking back her breath.
speaker_heading: SILENCE.
text: She waits. Finally, rises, cautiously pokes her head above
text: the horizon of amber, her knuckles white around the handle
dialog: of the butcher knife.
text: BEHIND HER, two enormous multicolored wings silently spread
text: outward as the form of Male-Dren rises into view.
text: Elsa whirls around. The wings envelope her, whipping the
text: knife from her hand, flinging it into the wheat field.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: (screeching)
dialog: What do you want? WHAT DO YOU WANT!!
text: Male-Dren's mouth opens, contorts, lips struggling as he
text: SPEAKS, the words are distorted, guttural, distinctly inhuman
dialog: but unmistakable:
speaker_heading: MALE-DREN
dialog: Inside... You....
scene_heading: EXT. SWAMPY BOG -- NIGHT
text: Clive stirs, regaining consciousness. At the sound of ELSA'S
text: SCREAM, he launches himself into a run for the edge of the
dialog: forest.
dialog: 132
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD -- NIGHT
text: Clive enters the field breathless and in pain. Nothing is
text: visible beyond the rolling horizon of wheat. He is about to
text: turn back, when he sees something sticking out of the soil:
text: THE BUTCHER KNIFE. He picks it up.
text: Then he hears it. STRANGE PURRING and SCRAPING SOUNDS.
text: He pushes into a small clearing of trampled wheat in time to
text: see Male-Dren on top of Elsa, her arms pinned over her head,
text: his pelvis thrusting.
text: Clive is frozen by the sight.
text: He overcomes his paralysis, his face hardening. He raises
dialog: the knife...
text: Elsa sees this, is pulled back into awareness, looks up,
text: into the face that hangs over hers, Male-Dren stiffening in
text: the grip of sexual ecstasy as he releases inside her...
text: Clive lunges forward, driving the knife into the Hybrid's
text: shoulder. Male-Dren lets out a HIGH-PITCHED SHRIEK. He
text: launches himself up with the force of his wings, spinning to
dialog: face Clive.
text: Clive swings the knife downward again, cleaving into a wing.
text: MORE SCREAMING, but this time Male-Dren attacks. His wings
text: swipe and flutter at Clive, blowing him backwards with their
dialog: wind-force.
text: Clive lands hard. The creature pounces on top of him. In
text: that moment, it would seem that Clive is done for. Then, a
text: rock bounces off Male-Dren's head with a brutal CRUNCH.
text: Male-Dren staggers back, clearly stunned. He turns to face
text: Elsa, a bloody rock in her hands.
text: Weeping, Elsa hesitates. There's a moment when she can't
dialog: quite do it. Can't quite murder...
text: Male-Dren's BARBED TAIL flashes out and plunges deep into
text: Clive's chest, piercing his heart. Clive stiffens, chokes,
text: then falls away. Instantly dead.
text: Male-Dren arches to the sky, lets out a final VICTORIOUS
text: SCREAM. He wrenches the knife out of his chest with a horrid
text: sucking sound.
text: He turns to Elsa just in time to catch another blow to the
text: head. Male-Dren drops backwards, blood gushing from the
dialog: impact point.
text: Elsa hoists the rock and hulks over the felled Hybrid.
dialog: 133
dialog: 112.
text: Male-Dren's face changes. The menacing animal violence fades
text: away. The eyes go soft, almost pleading. The mouth trembles,
text: taking on recognizably human facets of fear, hurt... even
dialog: betrayal.
text: And she lets the rock drop, crushing his skull into a
text: SICKENING PULP. Male-Dren's body spasms once or twice before
dialog: resting.
text: Elsa falls to her knees, numb and drained. Tears roll down
text: her cheeks at the sight of Clive's body, and the crumpled
dialog: mess that was once Dren.
text: She lets herself cry, a convulsing weeping, while in the
text: distance the farm burns to the ground.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. NOVAPHORM HEADQUARTERS - JOAN'S OFFICE -- DAY
text: Elsa sits at the end of a large desk. Her hair is cropped
text: short, the streak of white, once an emblem of her uniqueness,
dialog: has been dyed to match the rest. We can assume that a fair
text: amount of time has passed since her ordeal.
text: At the other side of the desk is Joan. Her usual scolding
text: demeanor is replaced by a generous warmth -- anxious to make
dialog: Elsa feel comfortable.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Your Dren turned out to be a cauldron
dialog: of the most unimaginable chemical
dialog: mysteries. Aside from the intense
dialog: concentration of CD-356 in her system,
text: she was riddled with a variety of
dialog: completely unique compounds.
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: We'll be filing patents for years.
text: Elsa remains mute, feeling a little awkward.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Naturally, we're extremely excited
dialog: that you're willing to take us to
text: the next stage.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Especially in light of the... um...
dialog: personal risk.
text: Joan pushes a sheet of paper across the desk for Elsa to
dialog: examine.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: We think the figure we've come up
dialog: with is very generous.
dialog: 113.
text: Next, she slides a phonebook-sized contract across the desk.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You can never speak of this. To
dialog: anyone. Ever.
text: Elsa thumbs through the pages. Joan walks around the desk,
text: a pen her hand. She hesitates before handing it to Elsa...
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Nobody would blame you if you didn't
dialog: do this. You could just put an end
text: to it and walk away.
text: Elsa takes the pen from Joan's hand and signs with a single
dialog: determined stroke.
text: Elsa stands, and we see now that her stomach is protruding
text: noticeably. She is QUITE PREGNANT.
speaker_heading: ELSA
dialog: This is what I want.
text: Joan nods, impressed by Elsa's courage. She pulls Elsa close,
text: rocking her with reassurance, stroking her hair. Gradually,
text: Elsa's resistance melts. She gives herself to Joan's motherly
dialog: embrace.
speaker_heading: THE END.
dialog: 
