speaker_heading: "STALAG 17"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Billy Wilder and Edwin Blum
dialog: Based on a play by
dialog: Donald Bevan and Edmund Trzcinski
scene_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SEQUENCE "A"
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: BARBED WIRE AGAINST A WINTRY NIGHT SKY
text: Beyond it, more barbed wire. Ice has formed on the strands.
text: Now and then searchlight beams crisscross the pattern. As
text: the CAMERA SLOWLY MOVES along the double fence, SUPERIMPOSE -
scene_heading: THE CREDIT TITLES
scene_heading: THE GREAT CAMP - (NIGHT)
text: A wide expanse of barren ground checkered with clusters of
text: barracks, sectioned off into compounds by double barbed-wire
text: fences, nine feet high. Searchlights sweep over the barracks,
text: the muddy ground with the snow patches, and the pine forest
text: beyond the barbed-wire. The searchlights come from the goon
text: towers -- little guard houses elevated on poles --
text: interspersed along the fences.
speaker_heading: COOKIE'S VOICE
dialog: (with an occasional
dialog: stammer)
dialog: I don't know about you, but it always
dialog: make me sore when I see those war
dialog: pictures -- all about flying leather-
dialog: necks and submarine patrols and
text: frogmen and guerillas in the
dialog: Philippines. I don't want to take
dialog: anything away from those guys, but
dialog: what gets me is that there never was
dialog: a movie about P.O.W.s -- about
dialog: prisoners of war. Now my name is
dialog: Clarence Harvey Cook, -- they call
dialog: me Cookie. I was shot down over
dialog: Magdeburg, Germany back in 43. That's
dialog: why I stammer a little once in a
dialog: while, especially when I get excited
dialog: and I always get excited when I talk
dialog: about Stalag 17. I spent two and a
text: half years in Stalag 17. Stalag is
dialog: the Kraut word for prison camp and
dialog: number 17 was somewhere near Krems
dialog: on the Danube. There were about forty
dialog: thousand P.O.W.s there, if...
speaker_heading: OUR COMPOUND
text: In the foreground the big gate. Above it a sign: STALAG 17-
text: D. On both sides of the gate German guards in heavy coats,
text: rifles slung over their shoulders. They stomp about in
text: enormous boots with high cork soles to keep warm. Beyond the
text: gate about eight low barracks form a U about the Appell-
text: ground. They are primitive one-story wooden structures all
text: set up on stilts about two feet high. From one of the
text: buildings -- the Administration Building -- flies the
text: swastika. In between the barracks are the wash latrines. A
text: road runs through the slushy compound to the compound beyond.
text: ONE OF THE GOON TOWERS
text: A couple of German guards up there, one at the machine gun,
text: the other working the searchlight.
speaker_heading: COOKIE'S VOICE
dialog: you bothered to count the Russians
dialog: and the Poles and the Czechs. In our
dialog: Compound there were about six hundred
dialog: and thirty of us -- all American
text: airmen, all shot down by the Krauts --
dialog: radio operators, gunners and engineers --
dialog: all sergeants. Now you put six hundred
dialog: and thirty sergeants together and
dialog: boinnnnng! -- you've got yourself a
dialog: situation! There was more fireworks
dialog: shooting off around that place! Take
dialog: for instance the story about the spy
dialog: we had in our barrack. It was about
dialog: a week before Christmas in '44 and
dialog: two of our guys -- Manfredi and
dialog: Johnson to be exact -- were just
dialog: getting set to blow the joint...
scene_heading: THE HUNDEFUEHRER
text: A German guard plodding along inside the barbed wire with
text: four mean mastiffs straining at the leash. The light from
text: the goon tower grazes over him.
text: ONE OF THE BARRACKS
text: The light sweeps slowly over the long shack. Catches the
text: sign: BARACKE 4. Catches one of the doors, locked from outside
text: with a heavy wooden bar.
scene_heading: INSIDE BARRACK
text: Bunks on both sides. Tripledecked bunks. In the bunks seventy-
text: five American P.O.W.s huddled in blankets. In between the
text: bunks, in the little space left to them, crude tables, an
text: iron stove, makeshift stools. Every inch crowded with whatever
text: they have. Up above and all the way down the barrack hangs
text: their wash. Over all of it, the heavy stench of seventy-five
text: men cooped up. From outside through the broken, patched
text: windows the searchlight sweeps over the bunks. The men are
text: all asleep. Or are they?
text: THE FAR END OF THE BARRACK
text: This is the strategic spot of the story. In the five tiers
dialog: of bunks live our major characters.
text: In the upper bunk lies HOFFY. Little fellow. Plenty of
text: authority. The Barrack Chief. His eyes are wide open. He is
text: studying his wristwatch, the phosphorescent numerals shining
text: in the dark.
text: In the other bunks lie the others, wide awake, tense:
dialog: DUKE, big bellyacher.
text: TRIZ, six-foot-three, ninety-eight pounds.
text: PRICE, the barrack Security Chief. Quiet, touch of class.
text: MANFREDI, no cover, fully dressed.
text: HARRY, bug-eyed, cocky.
text: BLONDIE, fair-skinned, boyish.
text: JOHNSON, fully dressed like Manfredi. Scared.
text: SEFTON, casual. In his mouth a cold cigar butt.
text: Hoffy again. Still staring at the wristwatch. This is the
text: moment. He lifts the metal dogtags off his chest and jiggles
dialog: them. This is the signal.
text: Duke instantly slides out of the bunk, grabs up his blanket
text: and moves toward the window. A searchlight beam sweeps across.
text: Duke goes flush on the ground. The light passes on. Duke
text: gets up again and starts hanging the blanket over the window.
text: Now the others go into action, silently, efficiently. Except
dialog: for Manfredi and Johnson they are all in long winter
text: underwear, some in slacks and socks.
text: As for Sefton, he is lying in his bunk just watching them.
text: Blondie hangs a blanket over the window. Triz swings one
text: over the clothesline to shield off their end of the barrack.
text: Hoffy and Price light a couple of handmade lamps: margarine
text: in tin cans with the wick stuck inside.
text: Manfredi and Johnson are putting on their leather jackets.
text: Harry tries to awaken STOSH in the bunk above him. The wooden
text: boards around Stosh's bunk are plastered with Betty Grable
text: cheesecake. Harry pokes him. Stosh does not respond. Harry
text: interlocks his fingers, puts them close to Stosh's ears and
text: cracks them in a SHARP SALVO. Stosh opens his eyes, dazed.
text: Harry pats Stosh's cheek.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: Get up, Animal! Betty Grable's on
dialog: the phone!
text: Stosh gives him a dirty look. Gets out of the bunk. He and
text: Harry move to the little iron stove. Triz is already
text: dismantling the pipe above the stove. Harry and Stosh lift
text: the stove and start inching it to one side.
text: Hoffy moving to a large bucket of water. It is a trick job:
text: a bucket within a bucket. He lifts out the shallow inner
text: part with the water. Hidden underneath are some civilian
text: clothes. He takes them out, crosses to Manfredi and Johnson.
text: (All the dialogue in this scene in whispers, of course.)
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Here's your civilian clothes, boys.
speaker_heading: MANFREDI
dialog: Okay, Hoffy.
text: Duke takes the clothes from Hoffy and starts stuffing them
text: into a small barrack bag.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Bury your Army outfits before you
dialog: get out of the forest.
speaker_heading: MANFREDI
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
text: The compass is the top button on
dialog: your pants, Johnson.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: Okay.
text: Sefton, propped up in his bunk, watches the proceedings with
text: a pitying little smile. He eyes wander to Harry and Stosh.
text: By now they have moved the stove some four feet to the side,
text: and start carefully lifting some sawed-off planks out of the
dialog: floor.
text: Blondie is standing watch by the blanket-covered window,
text: peeking out.
text: Price slips a wire hook down into the crack between a bunk
text: and the wall, fishes out a sheaf of papers and walks to
dialog: Manfredi and Johnson.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Anybody asks for your papers, you're
dialog: French laborers.
text: He hands them the papers.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Your map -- your Kraut money -- Swiss
dialog: francs.
speaker_heading: MANFREDI
dialog: Roger.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Now, let's hear it once more, boys.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: We've been over it a hundred times.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Let's hear it again.
speaker_heading: MANFREDI
dialog: We stick to the forest going west
dialog: until we hit the Danube --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Check.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: Then follow the Danube up to Linz --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Check.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: In Linz we hop a barge and go all
dialog: the way to Ulm --
text: From OFF come the WEIRD SOUNDS of an ocarina being played.
dialog: They turn.
text: It's JOEY in his bunk playing the sweet potato. He's nuts
dialog: all right.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Stop it, Joey -- go to sleep!
text: Joey hides the ocarina behind his back, afraid they may take
text: it away.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: (to Johnson)
dialog: Go on. You're in Ulm.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: Once in Ulm we lie low until night,
dialog: then take a train to Friedrichshafen.
speaker_heading: MANFREDI
dialog: Then once in Friedrichshafen we steal
dialog: a rowboat, get some fishing tackle,
text: and start drifting across the lake --
dialog: always south -- until we hit the
dialog: other side -- Switzerland.
text: Sefton has gotten out of his bunk, and is picking up the
text: margarine lamp.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Bingo. Once in Switzerland, just
dialog: give out with a big yodel so we'll
dialog: know you're there. It's a breeze,
dialog: boys.
text: He lights his cigar butt with the margarine lamp. Manfredi
text: and Johnson shoot him a nervous glance.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Stay out of it, Sefton.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Just one question. Did you calculate
dialog: the risk?
text: Harry and Stosh have by now removed the loose planks off the
text: floor. A small black hole gapes below them.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Ready.
text: Hoffy, Price, Manfredi and Johnson move toward the trap door,
text: Johnson carrying the barrack bag. Hoffy looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: You got ten minutes to get through
dialog: the tunnel. That'll bring you out
dialog: just when the Jerries are changing
dialog: shifts.
dialog: (Turns to window)
dialog: Blondie?
text: Blondie gives him the high sign.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: (to Manfredi and
dialog: Johnson)
dialog: Okay, boys -- peel off.
text: There are handshakes, goodbyes and good-lucks.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: When you get going on those broads,
dialog: think of me!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Animal! Animal! Aren't you ashamed
dialog: of yourself? A couple of guys are
dialog: trying to escape and you're thinking
dialog: of broads. Broads?
text: He does a take.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: (with feeling)
dialog: We'll miss you, you cruds.
text: He turns and climbs down through the trap. Before Manfredi
text: follows him, he turns away, goes down on his knee, crosses
text: himself quickly.
scene_heading: UNDERNEATH BARRACK 4 - (NIGHT)
text: Johnson has already landed on the ground. Manfredi slips
text: down. They look around and start crawling off in the direction
text: of the latrine.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK 4 - (SHOOTING UP THROUGH TRAP)
text: Stosh is peering after them, his head hanging down through
text: the trap from above. Beyond him in the barrack, Hoffy, Price
text: and Duke bend over Stosh, waiting for developments.
scene_heading: UNDERNEATH BARRACK 4 - (NIGHT)
dialog: From Stosh's point of view: Manfredi and Johnson have now
text: reached the end of the barrack and are crawling into the
text: compound towards the wash latrine some fifteen feet away. A
text: searchlight sweeps dangerously towards them.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK
text: Stosh pulls up from the trap, his eyes closed, his fingers
text: in his ears. He doesn't want to see or hear the two out there
text: get shot. The others stand petrified. No shots, no screams.
text: So Stosh bends down into the trap again.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACK 4 - (NIGHT)
text: Manfredi and Johnson just manage to fling themselves back
text: under the barrack as the searchlight sweeps past. Then, they
text: get on their feet again and dash to the wash latrine -- just
text: ahead of another searchlight from the other direction.
scene_heading: INT. WASH LATRINE - (NIGHT)
text: A primitive, roofless structure, with wooden partitions
text: shielding it from the outside. Above, a water tank with pipes
text: running down to spigots over a trough. Under the trough, a
text: wooden lattice to stand on.
text: Manfredi and Johnson have reached first base. They stand
text: breathless. Then Manfredi picks up the lattice, leans it
text: against the trough, and lifts a dirt-covered trap leading
text: into the tunnel. Johnson has tied the barrack bag to his own
text: ankle. They HEAR BARKING. Freeze.
scene_heading: THE HUNDEFUEHRER
text: Leading the mastiffs past the wash latrine. One of the
text: mastiffs is BARKING. He seems to smell something, but the
text: other dogs pull him along.
scene_heading: INT. WASH LATRINE - (NIGHT)
text: Manfredi and Johnson wait until the BARKING fades in the
text: distance. Johnson, the barrack bag tied to his ankle, jumps
text: down into the narrow vertical shaft. Manfredi follows. He
text: pulls the trap shut over his head in such a way that the
text: lattice falls into place on top of it.
speaker_heading: THE TUNNEL
text: A shaft about three feet square and five feet deep leads
text: into a narrow, crudely shored-up tunnel. Johnson and Manfredi
text: light their Zippo lighters and start worming their way through
text: the tunnel, Johnson leading the way, the barrack bag dragging
text: from his ankle.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK
text: Harry and Stosh moving the stove back into place. Hoffy fixing
text: up the trick bucket. Price pacing up and down. Sefton leaning
text: against a bunk, smoking the cigar.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: They ought to be under the barbed
dialog: wire soon.
speaker_heading: BLONDIE
dialog: (still covering the
dialog: window)
dialog: Looks good outside.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: I hope they hit the Danube before
dialog: dawn.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: They got a good chance. This is the
dialog: longest night of the year.
speaker_heading: TRIZ
dialog: I bet you they make it to
dialog: Friedrichshafen all right.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: I bet they get all the way to
dialog: Switzerland!
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: And I bet they don't even get out of
dialog: the forest.
text: They all look at him.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Now what kind of a crack is that?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
text: No crack. Two packs of cigarettes
text: say they don't get out of the forest.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: That's enough, Sefton. Crawl back
dialog: into your sack.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: He'd make book on his own mother
dialog: getting hit by a truck!
text: Sefton takes two packs of cigarettes from his pocket and
text: throws them on the table.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Anybody call?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Go on, Sefton -- butt out!
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Wait a minute, Hoffy -- I want to
dialog: back those kids. I'll cover ten of
dialog: that.
text: He starts shaking cigarettes out of his pack onto the table.
speaker_heading: TRIZ
dialog: I'll take five.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Eight.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Put me down for ten, you louse.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: (throwing two packs
dialog: on the table)
dialog: I'll call the whole pot.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Whatever you say.
dialog: (calling off)
dialog: Hey, Cookie -- get me some more
dialog: cigarettes.
text: COOKIE, a chipmunk of a kid, scrambles down from his bunk --
text: the one above Sefton's. Drags out a footlocker from under
text: Sefton's bunk. The footlocker is chained to the bunk-post.
text: Cookie opens it, starts taking cigarettes out.
text: About twelve guys are around Sefton by now, making their
dialog: bets.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Here's two and a half.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
text: No butts.
text: Cookie comes over with a carton.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: (With a stammer)
dialog: W-w-will that do or do you want some
dialog: m-m-m --?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: That'll do.
text: He rips open the carton.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Speak up, boys. Any more sports in
dialog: the crowd?
scene_heading: INSIDE TUNNEL
text: Johnson and Manfredi crawling on, by the light of their
text: Zippos. Johnson dragging the bag behind him. They are dripping
text: with perspiration. From above comes a little shower of loose
dialog: earth.
text: Johnson stops as he comes to the end of the tunnel. There is
text: another shaft leading up. He picks up a rusty can and starts
text: digging at the earth above.
scene_heading: 20. THE OPEN GROUND ABOVE - (NIGHT)
text: In the pine forest some thirty feet outside the barbed wire.
text: From the goon towers, the lights sweep over the camp and
text: over the edge of the forest.
text: The tin can thrusts through the ground as Johnson digs into
text: the open. Then, when the opening is wide enough, he climbs
text: out, his face covered with sweat and dirt. He helps Manfredi
text: out. They lie on the ground for a moment, exhausted. Then
text: Johnson starts untieing the bag from his ankle.
speaker_heading: MANFREDI
dialog: Let's go.
text: He rises. There is a SHARP BURST of MACHINE GUN FIRE. Manfredi
text: falls instantly. Johnson, not knowing where the gunfire is
text: coming from, tries to turn and run, the bag dragging behind
dialog: him.
text: From a hillock about thirty feet off a MACHINE GUN, manned
text: by three German guards, is blasting away.
text: A light from one of the goon towers picks up Johnson, running.
text: The machine gun gets him, ripping his chest. He spins and
text: crumples to the ground. The light swings to Manfredi.
text: Bleeding, he tries to crawl back to the safety of the tunnel.
text: There is another BURST of FIRE --
scene_heading: INSIDE BARRACK
text: The men have all run to the window and look out.
text: All except Sefton and Cookie. They stand at the table where
text: the cigarettes are. And in back of them: Joey, sitting in
text: his bunk, comprehending nothing.
text: There is another BURST of FIRE. Then all is silent. The men
text: turn back into the room, sickened.
speaker_heading: BLONDIE
dialog: Filthy Krauts!
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: What slipped up, Hoffy?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Don't ask me. Price was elected
dialog: Security.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: (To Price)
dialog: Okay, Security -- what happened?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: I wish I knew. We had everything
text: figured out. To the last detail.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Maybe the Krauts knew about that
dialog: tunnel all the time!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Shut up, Animal!
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Maybe they were layin' for 'em out
dialog: there!
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Yeah. Maybe.
text: He gives Cookie a sign. Cookie pulls the front of his shirt
text: out of his pants and holds it out against the edge of the
text: table. Sefton sweeps the mass of cigarettes into Cookie's
dialog: shirt.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Hold it, Sefton. So we heard some
dialog: shots -- so who says they didn't get
dialog: away?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Anybody here wanna double their bet?
text: No answer. He nods to Cookie again. Cookie carries the
text: cigarettes to their bunks. Sefton follows him, kicks open
text: the footlocker. Cookie dumps the loot in.
text: The men are looking at them. Stosh sees a cigarette on the
text: floor which Cookie has dropped. He picks it up and tosses it
text: into Sefton's footlocker viciously.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: END OF SEQUENCE "A"
speaker_heading: SEQUENCE "B"
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: THE CAMP - DAWN
text: Another miserable day has begun. The barracks loom in the
text: murky light.
text: From the Administration Building -- the one with the swastika --
text: come a dozen German guards, Lugers hanging from their belts.
text: They spread out and cross the muddy compound toward the
text: barracks, BLOWING WHISTLES shrilly. They lift the wooden
text: bars off the doors and go inside.
text: FELDWEBEL SCHULZ has arrived at Barrack 4. He is an enormous
text: man, about fifty-five. His cauliflower ears make a good
text: vegetable for his pig-knuckle face. He removes the bar, opens
text: the door, stands there WHISTLING like a madman, enters.
speaker_heading: COOKIE'S VOICE
dialog: Funny thing about those Krauts. They
dialog: hated the sight of us yet they
dialog: couldn't wait to look at us again.
dialog: Every morning -- at six on the dot --
dialog: they'd have the Appell -- that's
dialog: roll call to you. Each barrack had
dialog: its own alarm clock. Our alarm clock
dialog: was Johann Sebastian Schulz. I
dialog: understand the Krauts had a composer
dialog: way back with the Johann Sebastian
dialog: in it -- but I can tell you one thing:
dialog: Schulz was no composer. He was a
dialog: Schweinehund. Oh, Mother -- was he
dialog: ever a lousy Schweinehund!
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK
text: Schulz is marching down the barrack, beating the bunks with
dialog: his stick.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Aufstehen, gentlemen! Appell! Raus!
dialog: Hurry up!
text: Men start sliding out of their bunks. Others roll over in
text: their sacks, groaning.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: You must get up for roll call! Raus,
dialog: raus, gentlemen! Everybody aufstehen!
dialog: Raus!
speaker_heading: MEN
dialog: We heard you, Schulz!
dialog: And good morning to you!
dialog: Aw, break it off!
dialog: Why don't you take that whistle and
dialog: shove it!
dialog: Tell the Kommandant I've got
dialog: dysentery!
dialog: Shut up, Schulz -- you're talking to
dialog: sergeants of the United States Air
dialog: Force!
dialog: Look at this chilblain. Ain't it a
dialog: beaut!
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Raus! Raus! Aufstehen!
text: Whacking the bunks, Schulz has reached our end of barrack.
text: Hoffy and Price are getting into their clothes.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Come on, sack rats -- cut the bitchin'
dialog: and get up!
text: Duke, Triz and Blondie start climbing out, yawning and
text: scratching themselves.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Say, Schulz -- you guys had machine
dialog: gun practice last night?
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: (throwing up his hands)
dialog: Ach, terrible! Such foolish boys.
dialog: Such nice boys. I'd better not talk
dialog: about it. It makes me sick to my
dialog: stomach.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: You killed them, huh? Both of them?
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Such nice boys! It makes me sick to --
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Don't wear it out!
text: Schulz moves to Joey. Joey is sitting in his bunk, TOOTLING
text: on his ocarina. Schulz raps the sweet potato with his stick.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Outside! You, too! Put away the
dialog: piccolo!
text: Joey hides the sweet potato, staring at Schulz, frightened.
text: Schulz jerks him off the bunk.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Los, los. Dummkopf!
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: (pushing in)
dialog: Lay off, Schulz. He's got a sickness.
dialog: He's krank.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Sometimes I think he is fooling us
dialog: with that crazy business.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Yeah? How would you like to see the
text: guts of nine pals splattered all
dialog: over your plane?
dialog: (to Joey)
dialog: C'mon Joey -- don't be afraid.
text: He helps him up and starts putting clothes on him.
text: Schultz has approached bunk with Harry and Stosh. He pokes
text: Harry with the stick.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Aufstehen, gentlemen! Please! You do
dialog: not want to stay in bed on such a
dialog: beautiful morning we are having today!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Say, Schulz --
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Jawohl?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Sprechen Sie deutsch?
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Jawohl.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Then droppen Sie dead!
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: (splitting his sides)
dialog: Ja -- ja! Droppen Sie dead! Always
dialog: mit the jokes! Droppen Sie dead!
text: He pokes Stosh with the stick.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Aufstehen! Appell!
text: He moves on.
text: Harry bends over Stosh, shaking him.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Get up, Animal. Come on!
text: Stosh doesn't budge. Harry again gives him a knuckle-cracking
text: salvo. Stosh opens his eyes automatically.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: Good morning, Animal! What'll it be
dialog: for breakfast? Scrambled eggs with
dialog: little sausages? Bacon and eggs sunny-
dialog: side up? Griddle cakes? A waffle?
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Stop it, Harry!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Coffee? Milk? Or how about a little
dialog: cocoa?
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (grabbing him by the
dialog: collar)
dialog: Why do you do this to me every
dialog: morning?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (with sadistic speed)
dialog: Hamburger and onions! Strawberry
dialog: shortcake! Gefillte fish! Banana
dialog: split! French fried potatoes! Chicken
dialog: a la king!
text: The last items are coming out with a gurgling SOUND as Stosh
text: tightens the grip on Harry's neck.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: I'll kill you, Harry -- so help me!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Let go, Animal! It's roll call! Hitler
dialog: wants to see you!
text: Sefton is standing near his bunk, getting dressed. Cookie is
text: helping him to zip up his luxurious flyer's boots.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Good morning, Sefton.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Good morning, Schulz. And how's Mrs.
dialog: Schulz? And all the little Schulzes?
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Fine -- fine!
text: He looks at the two bunks which were occupied by Manfredi
text: and Johnson. Takes off his gloves.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Let us see. We have now two empty
dialog: bunks here.
text: (takes out pencil and
dialog: notebook, writes)
dialog: Nummer einundsiebzig und Nummer
dialog: dreiundsiebzig in Baracke vier.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Suppose you let those mattresses
dialog: cool off a little -- just out of
dialog: decency?
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Ja, ja, gewiss! It is only that we
dialog: are cramped for space with new
dialog: prisoners every day.
dialog: (to the whole barrack)
dialog: Gentlemen! Outside! Please! Do you
dialog: want me to have trouble with the
dialog: Kommandant again!
text: He starts herding them out the door.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Hey, Schulz -- as long as you're
dialog: going to move somebody in -- how
dialog: about a couple of those Russian
dialog: broads?
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Russian women prisoners?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Jawohl!
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Some are not bad at all.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Just get us a couple with big
text: Glockenspiels.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Ja! Ja! Droppen Sie dead!
text: Splitting his sides, he pushes them out, and follows.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - COLD GREY MORNING
text: Most of the P.O.W.s are out of their barracks by now. A mass
text: of freezing, disheveled men. Some wear Army coats over their
text: underwear, knitted caps pulled down over their ears. Some
text: are huddled in blankets, their feet in wooden clogs. Only a
text: few are fully dressed and shaven. A few are on crutches or
text: bandaged up.
text: They assemble before their respective barracks, forming a U
text: facing the center of the compound. The barrack chiefs are
text: assisting the guards in lining them up, fifteen abreast and
text: five deep.
text: Supervised by Schulz and Hoffy the last ones from Barrack 4
dialog: emerge.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: All right, men -- fall in!
dialog: From off comes:
scene_heading: GERMAN OFFICER'S VOICE
dialog: Ach-tung! Abzaehlen!
text: The HUB-BUB dies down.
text: The guards march down the front line of their barrack groups,
text: counting the lines of five in German.
text: As Schulz passes him, Blondie spots something in the middle
text: of the compound. He nudges Duke. Duke nudges Price, Price
text: Harry, Harry Stosh, Stosh Cookie. Cookie nudges Sefton who
text: is putting on his wool gloves. The glove drops. They all
text: look off in the same direction.
text: In the center of the compound, right smack in the mud, lie
text: the corpses of Johnson and Manfredi, covered with a blanket.
dialog: You know it's them because Johnson's foot is sticking out,
text: with the barrack bag still tied to it.
text: A stir goes through the men of Barrack 4. They are hit hard.
text: All but Sefton. He looks at the corpses for a moment, then
text: bends down, picks up the glove and starts putting it on.
text: In front of the Administration Building a German Lieutenant
text: has been supervising a couple of guards as they lay narrow
text: planks over the mud in a line leading to the middle of the
text: compound. He turns now to the P.O.W.s.
scene_heading: GERMAN LIEUTENANT
dialog: Parade Atten-tion!
text: The German guards come to rigid attention. The Americans
text: just stand there, sullenly.
text: The Lieutenant comes to a heil salute. Through the open door
dialog: of the Administration Building steps the Kommandant, OBERST
text: VON SCHERBACH, followed by another Lieutenant. Von Scherbach
text: is a big erect officer of the Potsdam School. Over his
text: shoulder hangs a furlined officer's coat. His boots shine
text: like polished glass. He glances over the compound, then walks
text: down the planks, followed by the two Lieutenants, marching
text: through the mud on both sides of him. Von Scherbach stops at
text: the end of the plank. In front of him lies a deep puddle. He
text: clicks his heels and raises his hand in a heil salute.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Guten Morgen, Sergeants!
text: A glowering silence from the men. Von Scherbach lowers his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Nasty weather we're having, eh? And
dialog: I so much hoped that we could give
dialog: you a white Christmas -- just like
dialog: the ones you used to know... Aren't
dialog: those the words that clever little
dialog: man wrote -- you know the one who
dialog: stole his name from our capital --
dialog: that something-or-other Berlin?
text: He waits until his nasty little joke sinks in. Schulz has
text: come up to the Lieutenant, salutes and hands him the slips
dialog: of paper with the prisoner count.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Look at that mud. Come spring -- and
dialog: I do hope you'll still be with us
dialog: next spring -- we shall plant some
dialog: grass here -- and perhaps some
dialog: daffodils --
text: He turns to the Lieutenant for the tabulations.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Ich bitte!
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (checking the papers)
dialog: Melde gehorchsamst: 628 Gefangene.
dialog: Zwei Mann fehlen in Baracke vier.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: (to the P.O.W.s)
dialog: I understand we are minus two men
dialog: this morning. I am surprised at you,
dialog: gentlemen. Here I am trying to be
dialog: your friend and you do these
dialog: embarrassing things to me. Don't you
dialog: know this could get me into hot water
dialog: with the High Command? They do not
text: like men escaping from Stalag 17 -
dialog: especially, not enemy airmen from
dialog: Compound D. We plucked you out of
dialog: the skies and now we must see to it
dialog: you do not fly away. Because you
dialog: would come back and blast our cities
dialog: again. The High Command would be
dialog: very angry with me. They would strip
dialog: me of my rank. They would courtmartial
dialog: me, after all these years of a perfect
dialog: record! Now you wouldn't want that
dialog: to happen to me, would you?
dialog: Fortunately, those two men --
text: From the ranks of the men comes the EERIE DISSONANT SOUNDS
text: of Joey's SWEET POTATO.
text: Joey, in the second row of the Barrack 4 company, is playing
text: on his ocarina, oblivious to what is going on. Stosh turns
text: and quickly grabs the ocarina from Joey's mouth.
text: Von Scherbach chooses to disregard the little musical
dialog: interlude.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: As I was saying: fortunately those
text: two men did not get very far. They
dialog: had the good sense to rejoin us again,
dialog: so my record would stand unblemished.
dialog: Nobody has ever escaped from Stalag
text: 17. Not alive, anyway.
text: He snaps his fingers in the direction of the guard who stands
text: watch over the corpses.
text: The guard pulls back the blanket in such a manner that all
text: we can see is the barrack bag tied to Johnson's leg.
text: The P.O.W.s however see the corpses. There is an ANGRY BUZZ.
text: Hoffy marches up to Von Scherbach.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: (saluting)
text: Sergeant Hoffman from Barrack 4.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Yes, Sergeant Hoffman?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
text: As the duly elected Compound Chief,
dialog: I protest the way these bodies are
text: left lying in the mud.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Anything else?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Yes. According to the Geneva
dialog: Convention, dead prisoners are to be
dialog: given a decent burial.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Of course. I'm aware of the Geneva
dialog: Convention. They will be given the
dialog: burial they deserve. Or perhaps you
dialog: would suggest we haul in twenty-one
text: cannons from the Eastern Front and
dialog: give them a twenty-one gun salute?
text: Hoffy turns on his heel and walks back to his men.
text: Von Scherbach, without even looking at the corpses, snaps
text: his fingers. The guard throws the blanket back over the
text: bodies.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: For the last time, gentlemen, let me
dialog: remind you: any prisoners found
text: outside the barracks after lights
text: out will be shot on sight.
dialog: Furthermore, the iron stove in Barrack
dialog: 4, the one camouflaging the trap
dialog: door, will be removed. And so that
dialog: the men from this barrack will not
dialog: suffer from the cold, they will keep
text: warm by filling in the escape tunnel.
dialog: Is that clear?
text: The men just stand there, in frustrated anger. Stosh clenches
text: the ocarina in his first.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: All right, then, gentlemen. We are
dialog: all friends again. And with Christmas
dialog: coming on, I have a special treat
dialog: for you. I'll have you all deloused
dialog: for the holidays. And I'll have a
dialog: little tree for every barrack. You
dialog: will like that.
text: Stosh, with a quick underhand flip, throws the sweet potato
text: in the direction of Von Scherbach.
text: It lands smack in the middle of the puddle in front of Von
text: Scherbach and splashes his boots with mud.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: (stiffening)
dialog: Who did this?
text: Absolute silence.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: I will give the funny man exactly
text: five seconds to step forward.
text: He looks about the compound. Five seconds pass. Nobody moves.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Then you shall all stand here if it
dialog: takes all day and all night.
text: From the ranks of the men of Barrack 4, Stosh steps forward.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: That is better!
text: But his triumph is short-lived, for almost instantly Harry
text: steps forward alongside Stosh. Then Duke and Blondie and
text: Cookie. Spontaneously, men from all the other barracks follow
text: until all the P.O.W.s have moved forward one step.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: I see! Six hundred funny men! ...There
dialog: will be no Christmas trees! But there
dialog: will be delousing.
dialog: (to Schulz)
dialog: With ice water from the hoses!
text: He wheels about and marches back up the plank and into the
text: Administration Building. His Lieutenants after him. Two of
text: the guards start picking up the planks again.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: (shouting, to the
speaker_heading: P.O.W.s)
dialog: Dismissed!
text: The men break ranks, going off in all directions, some back
text: to the barracks, some toward the latrines.
text: Only Joey stands where he stood, his eyes fastened on the
text: puddle. Slowly he walks toward it. He bends down and fishes
text: out his sweet potato, dripping with mud. It is broken. He
text: wipes the pieces off on his coat and hides them inside his
dialog: jacket.
scene_heading: INT. WASH LATRINE
text: Packed with men from Barrack 4, about two dozen of them.
text: Others waiting outside for their turn. At the trough washing:
text: Hoffy, Price, Duke, Stosh, Harry, Cookie and Sefton. No soap.
text: A couple of worn-out towels. Except for Sefton: He's got
text: soap, towel and tooth brush.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (imitating von
dialog: Scherbach)
dialog: 'We will remove the iron stove --
text: the one that was camouflaging the
dialog: trap door.'
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I'm telling you, Animal, these Nazis
dialog: ain't Kosher.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: You can say that again!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I'm telling you, Animal -- these
dialog: Nazis ain't Ko --
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (grabbing him)
dialog: I said say it again. I didn't say
dialog: repeat it.
text: Triz reaches for Sefton's soap, but gets a sharp rap on the
dialog: knuckles.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Private property, bub.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: How come the Krauts knew about that
dialog: stove, Security? And the tunnel? How
dialog: come you can't lay down a belch around
dialog: here without them knowing it?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Look -- if you don't like the way
dialog: I'm handling this job --
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Kill it, Duke. It's got us all
dialog: spinning.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: I just want to know what makes those
dialog: Krauts so smart.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Maybe they're doin' it with radar.
dialog: Maybe they got a mike hidden some
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Yeah. Right up Joey's ocarina.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Or maybe it's not that they're so
dialog: smart. Maybe it's that we're so
dialog: stupid. Maybe there's somebody in
dialog: our barracks that's tipping 'em off!
dialog: One of us!
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Come again?
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: You betcha. I said one of us is a
dialog: stoolie. A dirty, stinkin' stoolie!
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Is that Einstein's theory? Or did
dialog: you figure it out yourself?
text: A P.O.W. sticks his head into the doorway.
dialog: P.O.W.
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: New dames in the Russian compound!
text: Stosh lets go with a SCREAM. He takes off like shot from a
text: cannon, Harry after him. Instantly the wash latrine is emptied
text: of the men, wet as they are. Nobody is left but Price, Hoffy,
text: Duke, Sefton and Cookie.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND
text: It's a stampede. P.O.W.s are rushing across the compound
text: toward the Russian compound.
text: Stosh, charging like a bull, gets tripped and falls flat on
text: his puss right into a mud puddle. Harry zooms past him. Stosh
text: picks himself up and runs after him, his winter underwear
text: dripping with mud.
scene_heading: THE BARBED WIRE FENCE
text: dividing the American and Russian compounds. P.O.W.s rush in
text: from all sides, about a hundred of them. They go as far as
text: they are permitted; to a low warning wire, running parallel
text: to the big fence some fifteen feet away. To cross the warning
text: wire is verboten. The German guards up in the goon towers
dialog: insure that.
text: There is great excitement among the P.O.W.s. Some give out
text: with cat-calls and wolf-whistles; others just stand there
text: staring.
text: Beyond the fence a new batch of Russian prisoners has just
text: been brought in. German guards are counting some sixty
text: prisoners, about twenty of them women. They all are in
text: uniforms and wear boots, a bedraggled lot. The women are big
text: buxom dames, not exactly Golden Circle material, but this is
dialog: war.
text: The Americans jump up and down trying to attract the women's
text: attention. They throw cigarettes, chewing gum, chocolate.
text: One guy is dancing the Kazatski, two of his pals holding him
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: P.O.W.S
dialog: Yee-ow!
dialog: Tovarich! Tovarich!
dialog: Oh you sweethearts!
dialog: Let's open the third front!
dialog: Hey, Minks -- Pinsk!
dialog: How about some borscht -- the two of
dialog: us!
text: Stosh and Harry push right up to trip wire. Stosh, plastered
text: with mud, goes completely berserk.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Hey -- Russki -- Russki! Look at
dialog: those bublichkis! Over here!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Comrade! Comrade! Otchi Tchorniya --
dialog: Otchi Tchorniya!
text: Stosh puts two fingers in his mouth and tries to whistle. He
text: gets his mouth full of mud. Spits out the mud. Searches madly
text: through his pockets and throws whatever he can find across
dialog: the fence.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Chewing gum -- chewing gum!
text: Some of the Russian women break the ranks to pick up the
text: goodies that come flying over. The German guards push them
text: back. The women smile at the Americans and wave.
speaker_heading: STOSH
text: (at the top of his
dialog: lungs)
dialog: Look at me! I'm your baby!
dialog: (to Harry)
dialog: Get a load of that blonde one! Built
dialog: like a brick Kremlin!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hey -- Comrade! Over here! This is
dialog: Harry Shapiro -- the Volga Boatman
dialog: of Barrack four!
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Lay off! The blonde is mine!
text: The women are being led away by the guards.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Hey, Olga -- Volga -- wait for me!
text: He takes off blindly toward the women, trips immediately
text: over the warning wire and falls flat on his face in the mud
dialog: again.
text: Up in the goon tower the guard swivels the machine gun and
text: yells down.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Zurueck oder wir schiessen! Zurueck!
text: Harry frantically grabs Stosh by the feet and pulls him back,
text: under the wire.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Let me go! Let me go!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: They'll shoot you, Animal!
text: He lies right on top of him, holding him by the wrists.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: I don't care! Let me go!
text: From OFF come the SOUNDS of a dishpan being beaten and shouts
text: of "Chow!" Some of the P.O.W.s start to go back to the
dialog: barracks.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: It's chow, Animal! Chow!
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Who wants to eat? I just wanna get
dialog: over there!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: No you don't! You don't want any
dialog: broads with boots on!
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: I don't care if they wear galoshes!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You want Betty Grable!
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Let me go!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Betty Grable!
text: Stosh's face lights up.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Animal! When the war's over, remember
dialog: I told you I'd fix you up with Betty
dialog: Grable!
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Yeah? How you going to fix me up
dialog: with Betty Grable?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: How? We go to California. I got a
dialog: cousin that's working for the Los
dialog: Angeles Gas Company. That's how we
dialog: get the address, see? Isn't that
dialog: clever? I take you up to her house
dialog: and ring the doorbell and say,
dialog: 'Congratulations, Miss Grable. We
dialog: have voted you the girl we'd most
dialog: like to be behind barbed wire with,
dialog: and I'm here to present the award'.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: What's the award?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: What d'ya think, jerko! You're the
dialog: award!
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Me? What if she don't want me?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: If she don't want you, she don't get
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (grabbing him)
dialog: You're teasing me again!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (gagging)
dialog: Let go, Animal! It's chow! We'll
dialog: miss chow!
text: Stosh relaxes his hold and drops him like a limp rag. They
text: scramble to their feet and run off towards Barrack 4.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK
text: Chow time. Most of the men sit around eating. Only a few are
text: still in line. They stand before a washtub, from which Triz
text: ladles out a thin brew. Then each man gets a pitiful slice
text: of sawdust bread, cut by Blondie at the table.
speaker_heading: 1ST G.I.
dialog: (in chow line)
dialog: What's this stuff anyhow? Manicure
dialog: water?
speaker_heading: 2ND G.I.
dialog: This is what I like -- a hearty meal.
speaker_heading: 3RD G.I.
dialog: They finally found the formula: an
text: Ersatz of an Ersatz.
text: Hoffy, back in the line with Joey, carrying both chow cans.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: What's holding up the parade?
speaker_heading: 4TH G.I.
dialog: Are you supposed to drink this stuff
dialog: or shave?
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: (next in line)
dialog: Drink.
dialog: (tastes the stuff)
dialog: Shave.
text: Hoffy gets the two cans filled, gives one to Joey. This is
text: the end of the line.
speaker_heading: TRIZ
dialog: Anyone else want potato soup?
text: No answer. He takes out a homemade washboard and a pair of
text: socks, puts them in the tea and starts scrubbing.
text: Through the door, Stosh and Harry come running.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: Chow! Where's the chow!
text: He dashes to his bunk, gets his chow can and is about to dip
text: it into the tub, when he sees what Triz is doing.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Take your socks outa my breakfast!
text: Triz takes the socks out. Stosh dips in his chow can.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: No, Animal.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: No. Your eyeball goes. The top of
dialog: your head. Gotta wind up with
text: athlete's stomach.
text: Stosh pours back his tea, a miserable man. His eyes fall on
text: the door. An electric shock goes through him. He grabs Harry's
text: arm. They look off:
text: Sefton has come into the barrack and is crossing toward the
text: iron stove. In his hand is the incredible -- more beautiful
dialog: than all the Kohinoors in the world: an egg.
text: Harry and Stosh stand there with their eyes bulging. They
text: start forward, drawn by the egg.
text: Cookie is at the stove, tending a can of boiling water. He
text: sees Sefton and puts a makeshift skillet (the banged-up top
text: of a tin can) with a dab of margarine in it, on the fire.
text: Sefton takes some keys out of his pocket, tosses them to
dialog: Cookie.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Set 'er up, Cookie. I'm starved.
text: Cookie goes towards Sefton's bunk. Sefton cracks the egg
text: into the skillet. Stosh and Harry move in, their eyes bulging
text: at sight of the sizzling beauty.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Easy, Animal! Easy!
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Where'd that come from?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
text: From a chicken, bug-wit.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: A chicken?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Don't you remember, Animal? A chicken
dialog: lays those things.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: It's beautiful!
dialog: (to Sefton)
dialog: You goin' to eat it all yourself?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Uh-huh. The yellow and the white.
text: He flips the egg over in the skillet. Harry and Stosh cover
text: their eyes and yelp in panic. To their relief they see that
text: the egg has landed safely. The aroma of the frying egg has
text: brought about six P.O.W.s down from their bunks. They crowd
text: around, their mouths watering.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Is it all right if we smell it?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Just don't drool on it.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You're not going to eat the eggshells?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Help yourself.
text: He tosses him the eggshells. Harry gives one half to Stosh.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (grateful)
dialog: Thanks. You're a real pal!
dialog: (on second thought)
dialog: What're we goin' to do with it?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Plant it, Animal, and grow us a
dialog: chicken for Christmas.
text: Cookie, at Sefton's bunk, has taken from one of the
text: footlockers three cans, a china cup with a broken handle, a
text: fork, a spoon, and a salt-and-pepper shaker. He slams the
text: locker shut with his foot and sets everything up on the other
text: footlocker. Hoffy, Duke and Price, seated at the table eating
text: chow, eye him with disgust.
text: From the stove comes Sefton carrying the skillet and the can
text: of boiling water. The other P.O.W.s, including Harry and
text: Stosh, follow him, hypnotized by the egg. Sefton walks to
text: his bunk, sits down on a little stool, puts salt and pepper
text: on the egg. Cookie meanwhile has opened the cans. From one
text: of them he measures out a spoonful of instant coffee into
text: the cup and pours the boiling water over it. Sefton takes
text: two lumps of sugar out of the other can and some Zwieback
text: from the third can. The guys around him sniff the royal
text: breakfast. The situation is tense.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: If I were you, Sefton, I'd eat that
dialog: egg some place else. Like for instance
text: under the barrack.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: (sipping the coffee,
dialog: to Cookie)
dialog: A little weak today.
text: Cookie puts another half a spoonful of instant coffee into
dialog: the cup.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Come on, Trader Horn! Let's hear it:
dialog: what'd you give the Krauts for that
dialog: egg?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: (eating away)
dialog: Forty-five cigarettes. The price has
dialog: gone up.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: That wouldn't be the cigarettes you
dialog: took us for last night?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: What was I going to do with them? I
dialog: only smoke cigars.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Nice guy! The Krauts shoot Manfredi
dialog: and Johnson last night and today
text: he's out trading with them.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Look, this may be my last hot
dialog: breakfast on account of they're going
dialog: to take away that stove. So will you
dialog: let me eat it in peace?
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Ain't that too bad! Tomorrow he'll
dialog: have to suck a raw egg!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: He don't have to worry. He'll trade
text: the Krauts for a six-burner gas range.
dialog: Maybe a deep freeze too.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: What's your beef, boys? So I'm
dialog: trading. Everybody here is trading.
dialog: Only maybe I trade a little sharper.
dialog: So that makes me a collaborator.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: A lot sharper, Sefton! I'd like to
dialog: have some of that loot you got in
dialog: those footlockers!
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: You would, would you? Listen, Stupe --
dialog: the first week I was in this joint
dialog: somebody stole my Red Cross package,
dialog: my blanket and my left shoe. Well, I
dialog: wised up since. This ain't no
dialog: Salvation Army -- this is everybody
dialog: for himself. Dog eat dog.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: You stink, Sefton!
text: He goes after him.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Come off it! Both of you!
text: A couple of P.O.W.s hold Duke back.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Now you've done it. You've given me
text: nervous indigestion.
dialog: (he gets up)
dialog: Anything else bothering you, boys?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Just one little thing. How come you
dialog: were so sure Manfredi and Johnson
dialog: wouldn't get out of the forest?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: I wasn't so sure. I just liked the
dialog: odds.
text: He picks up the skillet with the half-eaten egg.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: And what's that crack supposed to
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: PRICE
text: They're lying dead in the mud out
dialog: there and I'm trying to find out how
dialog: come.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: I'll tell you how come.
dialog: (pointing at Hoffy)
dialog: The Barrack Chief gave them the green
dialog: light. And you, our Security Officer,
dialog: said it'd be safe. That's how come.
text: He crosses to Joey who has been sitting on the edge of the
text: bunk looking on blankly and puts the skillet with the egg on
text: his lap. Turns back to the others.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: What're you guys trying to prove
dialog: anyway? Cutting trap doors! Digging
dialog: tunnels! You know what the chances
dialog: are to get out of here? And let's
dialog: say you do get all the way to
dialog: Switzerland! Or say to the States?
dialog: So what? They ship you to the Pacific
dialog: and slap you in another plane. And
dialog: you get shot down again and you wind
dialog: up in a Japanese prison camp. That's
dialog: if you're lucky! Well, I'm no escape
dialog: artist! You can be the heroes, the
dialog: boys with the fruit salad on your
dialog: chest. Me -- I'm staying put. And
dialog: I'm going to make myself as
dialog: comfortable as I can. And if it takes
dialog: a little trading with the enemy to
dialog: get me some food or a better mattress
dialog: or a woman -- that's okay by Sefton!
text: He strikes a match on the sleeve of Duke's leather jacket
text: and lights himself a cigar.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Why you crud! This war's going to be
dialog: over some day -- then what do you
dialog: think we'll do to Kraut-kissers like
dialog: you?
text: He lunges forward and there is a fracas, the others trying
dialog: to hold them back.
dialog: From off comes:
speaker_heading: MARKO'S VOICE
dialog: At ease! At ease!
text: MARKO, the Inter-barrack Communications officer, has entered
text: from the compound, followed by a one-legged P.O.W., THE
text: CRUTCH. Marko gets up on a stool a piece of paper in his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: AT EASE!
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Break it off, boys! At ease for the
dialog: news!
text: The ruckus subsides.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: Today's Camp News!
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Father Murray announces that due to
dialog: local regulations the Christmas
dialog: midnight Mass will be held at seven
dialog: in the morning!
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: You can tell Father Murray to --
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: At ease! He also says, quote: All
dialog: you sack rats better show up for the
dialog: services and no bull from anybody.
dialog: Unquote. At ease! Monday afternoon a
dialog: sailboat race will be held at the
dialog: cesspool. See Oscar Rudolph of Barrack
dialog: 7 if you want to enter a yacht. Next:
dialog: Jack Cushingham and Larry Blake will
dialog: play Frank deNotta and Mike Cohen
dialog: for the pinochle championship of the
dialog: camp.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: That's a fix.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: At ease! Tuesday afternoon at two
dialog: o'clock all men from Texas will meet
text: behind the north latrine.
text: Boos and cheers.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: At ease! Next: A warning from
dialog: Kommandant von Scherbach. Anybody
text: found throwing rocks at low-flying
dialog: German aircraft will be thrown in
dialog: the boob. At ease! At ease!
dialog: (then in a lower voice)
dialog: Are the doors covered?
text: He looks around to make sure.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: (to The Crutch)
dialog: Okay, Steve. Give 'em the radio.
text: The Crutch, leaning against the edge of the table, pulls up
text: the empty pant leg. Attached there is a small radio, a
text: makeshift set with tubes showing. Also a pair of earphones.
text: Blondie starts getting it out.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: (to Hoffy)
dialog: You can keep it for two days.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Two days? We're supposed to have it
dialog: for a week!
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: You're lucky to get it at all. The
dialog: boys are afraid the Jerries'll find
dialog: it here. This barrack is jinxed.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Don't worry. We'll take care of it.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: (to Stosh and Harry)
dialog: Take some men and get the antenna
dialog: going. Let's see if we can catch the
dialog: BBC.
text: In the background, Harry gets a volley ball from under the
text: bunk, Stosh picks up a roll of chicken wire from a corner of
text: the barrack, and the two lead six other P.O.W.s out into the
dialog: compound.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: What about those guys last night?
dialog: What gives in this barrack anyway?
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Just a little sickness. Somebody
dialog: around here's got the German measles.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: He oughta know. He went to Johns
dialog: Hopkins. He used to be a bedpan.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: What's the gag?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: (imitating him)
dialog: At ease! At ease!
text: Marko shrugs and turns to Hoffy.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: Be sure to put down the news. Looks
dialog: like the Germans have started a
text: counter-offensive and the other
dialog: barracks want to know.
text: Marko and The Crutch go off.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACK
text: The men are setting up the chicken wire, attaching one end
text: to the barrack, and the other to a tall post: it becomes a
text: volley ball net, and in turn, an antenna. Stosh is slipping
text: a wire through the window into the barrack. They divide into
text: two teams, Stosh and Harry on opposite sides, and start
text: playing volley ball. In the background, Marko and The Crutch
text: are seen walking away.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK
text: Triz has connected the antenna wire to the radio on the t
text: able. Blondie is sitting there with the earphones on, working
text: the dials, Price sitting next to him with pencil and paper.
text: The others stand around waiting.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Getting anything?
speaker_heading: BLONDIE
dialog: Getting too much. I'm tryin' to
text: unscramble.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: If you can't get the BBC, how about
dialog: getting Guy Lombardo?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Are we boring you?
speaker_heading: BLONDIE
dialog: Hold it... Quiet...
text: He repeats what he hears over the earphones while Price writes
dialog: it down.
speaker_heading: BLONDIE
dialog: ...has driven across Luxemburg...
dialog: The second German wedge is reported
text: fourteen miles west of Malmedy where
text: tank columns cut the road to
dialog: Bastogne... the Allied Air Force is
dialog: grounded by poor visibility...
text: The boys don't like what they hear.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACK
text: The volley ball game is in fine progress, the ball popping
text: back and forth across the antenna. A German guard approaches,
text: puzzled over the sports activity on this lousy winter day.
text: He is a singularly grim fellow. He starts circling them.
text: Harry and Stosh, to appear nonchalant, break into the
text: SCHNITZELBANK SONG. The guard moves dangerously close to the
text: window. Quickly Harry flips the ball over the net at him.
text: The guard slaps it back across the net. Again Harry pops it
text: at him ... and slowly the guard finds himself sucked into
dialog: the game.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Wunderbar! Isn't he wunderbar!
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: He's the grrrrreatest!
text: The guard permits himself a smile as he goes on playing.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK
text: The boys around the radio.
speaker_heading: BLONDIE
dialog: (Repeating what he
dialog: hears)
dialog: ...five Panzer divisions and nine
dialog: infantry divisions of von Rundstedt's
dialog: army have poured into the wide
dialog: breach... meanwhile two of Patton's
text: tank units have been diverted toward
dialog: Bastogne and are trying to --
text: It's jammed again. Blondie fiddles with the dials.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Come on!
speaker_heading: BLONDIE
dialog: Static!
speaker_heading: DUKE
text: Static is right! The radio's static,
dialog: Patton's static, we're static!
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Maybe it's going to be a longer war
dialog: than you figured -- eh, Duke?
text: Triz, who has been standing watch at the door, now sees:
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND
text: Marching toward Barrack 4 are four German soldiers headed by
dialog: Schulz.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK
text: Triz reaches up and snaps a string. All the wash in the
text: barrack jumps up and down. That's the signal.
text: Immediately the boys jump into action. Triz and Blondie
text: disconnect the wires. Hoffy takes the radio off the table
text: and they all start dispersing.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACK
text: Schulz and the four German soldiers are about to enter the
text: barrack. Schulz pauses as he sees the guard playing volley
text: ball enthusiastically. Schulz taps him on his back. The guard
text: wheels around, freezes, clicks his heels. Schulz gives him a
text: disapproving look. Then he leads the four soldiers into the
text: barrack. Harry, Stosh and the other P.O.W.s follow, worried.
text: Schulz and the soldiers enter the barrack, followed by Harry,
text: Stosh and the other players.
dialog: The guys have just assumed innocent positions. A little too
dialog: innocent maybe.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Did I interrupt something, gentlemen?
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Yeah. We were just passing out guns.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Always joking. Always making
dialog: wisecrackers!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Wisecrackers? Where did he pick up
dialog: his English? In a pretzel factory?
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: You always think I am a square. I
dialog: have been to America.
dialog: (he shows them his
dialog: cauliflower ears)
dialog: I wrestled in Milwaukee and St. Louis
dialog: and Cincinnati. And I will go back!
dialog: The way the war is going I will be
dialog: there before you!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You should live so long.
text: Schulz has taken a wallet out of his pocket, shows a
text: photograph to them.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: This is me in Cincinnati.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Who's the other wrestler? The one
dialog: with the mustache?
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: That is my wife.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (taking the photograph)
dialog: Look at all that meat. Isn't she the
dialog: bitter end!
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: (snatching it from
dialog: him)
dialog: Give it back. You must not arouse
dialog: yourselves.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hey, Schulz! I got a deal for you.
dialog: Suppose you help us escape. We'll go
dialog: home and have everything ready for
dialog: you in Madison Square Garden. For
dialog: the world championship! Schulz, the
dialog: Beast of Bavaria versus Halitosis
dialog: Jones!
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Droppen Sie dead!
dialog: (to the German soldiers)
dialog: Raus mit dem Ofen. Los! Los!
text: The soldiers move toward the stove. As the scene proceeds
text: they dismantle the stove and ultimately carry it out.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: (to the P.O.W.s)
dialog: All right, gentlemen! We will now
dialog: all go outside for a little gymnastic
dialog: and take some shovels and undig the
dialog: tunnel which you digged.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Why don't we just plug up that tunnel --
text: with the Kommandant on one end and
dialog: you on the other.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: It is not me. It is the orders. I am
dialog: your friend. I am your best friend
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Cut out the guff, Schulz. We're on
dialog: to you. You know everything that's
dialog: happening in this barrack. Who's
dialog: tipping you off?
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Tipping me off? I do not understand.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: You're wasting your time, Duke.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Outside, everybody! Let's get it
text: over with.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Wait a second, Hoffy. Schulz says
dialog: he's our best friend. Maybe he can
dialog: give us a little hint.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Come on, Schulz! Spill it! How did
dialog: you get the information? About
dialog: Manfredi and Johnson? About the stove
dialog: and the tunnel? Who's giving it to
dialog: you? Which one of us is it?
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Which one of you is what?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Which one of us is the informer?
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: You are trying to say that an American
dialog: would inform on other Americans?
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: That's the general idea.
dialog: (looking at Sefton)
dialog: Only it's not so general as far as
dialog: I'm concerned.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: You are talking crazy!
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: (taking the cigar out
dialog: of his mouth)
dialog: No use, Schulz. You might as well
dialog: come clean. Why don't you just tell
dialog: 'em it's me. Because I'm really the
dialog: illegitimate son of Hitler. And after
dialog: the Germans win the war you'll make
dialog: me the Gauleiter of Zinzinnati.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: You Americans! You are the craziest
dialog: people! That's why I like you! I
dialog: wish I could invite you all to my
dialog: house for a nice German Christmas!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (to Stosh)
dialog: Why don't we accept, Animal? The
dialog: worst that can happen is we wind up
text: a couple of lamp shades.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: (jovially)
dialog: Raus! Raus! All of you!
text: By this time most of them have put on their warm clothes,
text: caps and gloves and are filing out.
text: Schulz starts to follow them, but stops short as he sees:
text: The electric light bulb hanging by a wire from the ceiling.
text: Just the bulb. No shade. The wire is tied up into a slip
dialog: knot.
text: Schulz reacts to what he has seen. he watches the last of
text: the P.O.W.s leave, and the Germans carry the stove out of
text: the barrack. He closes the door. His entire attitude has
text: changed. He is serious and efficient. He walks over to the
text: chess set on the table. Out of his pocket he takes a chess
text: piece -- a black queen -- and exchanges it with the black
text: queen from the set. He puts it in his pocket. Steps over to
text: the light bulb, pulls the slip knot free and exits.
text: The light bulb hangs straight now, swaying gently in the
text: empty barrack.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND
text: The men from Barrack 4 are lined up between the latrine and
text: the barbed wire, starting to dig up the tunnel. They are
text: supervised by German guards. In the background, Schulz is
text: crossing from the barrack towards the Administration Building.
text: As the men dig, they look off at:
speaker_heading: COOKIE'S VOICE
dialog: He was the Beast of Bavaria all right,
dialog: as we pieced it together later. And
dialog: there was a stoolie in our barrack,
dialog: just as Duke said. They had a very
dialog: simple communications system -- Schulz
dialog: and the stoolie...
text: An open German half-truck driving toward the big gate,
text: carrying two crude wooden coffins.
speaker_heading: COOKIE'S VOICE
dialog: That's how the Krauts knew about the
dialog: tunnel, from the day we started
dialog: digging. Those poor suckers Manfredi
dialog: and Johnson! They got out of Stalag
text: 17 sure enough, only not quite the
dialog: way they wanted to go.
text: The men have stopped digging. As the CAMERA goes down the
text: row they take off their caps. Joey does not comprehend.
text: Blondie, standing next to him, takes the cap off for him.
text: The CAMERA PULLS PAST Cookie who has taken his cap off, and
text: now STOPS on Sefton. He has seen the coffins. He has seen
text: the others take off their caps. He takes the cigar out of
text: his mouth, snuffs it out, puts it into his pocket, and slowly
text: pulls off his cap.
speaker_heading: COOKIE'S VOICE
dialog: As for the stoolie, I just wish he
dialog: had German measles because when you
dialog: get the measles you break out all
dialog: over in red spots, and we could have
dialog: pegged him easy. As it was it could
dialog: have been anybody in our outfit --
dialog: Duke or Hoffy or Price or Goofy Joey
dialog: or Harry or the Animal or maybe
dialog: Sefton. Sergeant J.J. Sefton. I guess
dialog: it's about time I told you a few
dialog: more things about that Sefton guy.
dialog: If I was anything of a writer I'd
dialog: send it in to the Reader's Digest
dialog: for one of those 'Most Unforgettable
dialog: Characters You've Ever Met'...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: END OF SEQUENCE "B"
speaker_heading: SEQUENCE "C"
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - (DAY)
text: A circle about 15 feet in diameter is drawn on the barren
text: ground with white lime. Around it, some forty G.I.s. In the
text: center, Cookie, holding a cardboard box. To one side, standing
text: on a wooden crate, Sefton. In front of him, a makeshift
text: bookie's desk, a heap of loose cigarettes on top. G.I.s are
text: crowding around, making wagers in cigarettes. Hanging off
text: one side of the desk, the odds board: NO. HORSE ODDS 1.
text: Whirlaway 3:1 2. Seabiscuit 5:1 3. Equipoise 1:1 4. Twenty
dialog: Grand 4:1 5. Schnickelfritz 10:1
speaker_heading: COOKIE'S VOICE
dialog: ...he was a B.T.O., Sefton was. A
dialog: Big Time Operator. Always hustling,
dialog: always scrounging. Take for instance
dialog: the horse races. Every Saturday and
dialog: Sunday he would put on horse races.
dialog: He was the sole owner and operator
dialog: of the Stalag 17 Turf Club. He was
dialog: the Presiding Steward, the Chief
dialog: Handicapper, the Starter, the Judge,
text: the Breeder and his own bookie. He
dialog: was the whole works, except that I
dialog: was the stable boy for ten smokes a
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Step up, boys! The horses are at the
dialog: post!
speaker_heading: G.I.S
dialog: Five on Equipoise!
dialog: Give me Equipoise -- ten on the nose!
dialog: Two on Twenty Grand!
dialog: Schnickelfritz for me. Five smackers!
dialog: Equipoise -- one solid pack!
speaker_heading: LAST G.I.
dialog: (an unkempt bum)
dialog: Five on Seabiscuit! Pay you when the
text: Red Cross parcels come in.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: No credit.
speaker_heading: UNKEMPT BUM
dialog: Have a heart, Sefton!
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Sorry. It's against the rules of the
dialog: Racing Commission.
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Already? Any more bets? Shake 'em
dialog: up, Cookie!
text: Cookie shakes the cardboard box, puts it face down on the
text: ground in the center of the circle.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Let 'er go! They're off and running
dialog: at Stalag 17!
text: Cookie has lifted the box. There are five mice of various
text: colors with numbers 1 to 5 attached to their backs. The mice
text: start spreading hesitantly in all directions.
text: The P.O.W.s YELL and SCREAM, rooting for their horses to
text: reach the circle line first.
text: Among the P.O.W.s Stosh and Harry. Stosh, with a bundle of
text: mutuel tickets in his hand, screaming his head off.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Equipoise! Oh, you beauty! This way!
dialog: This way!
text: Equipoise, No. 3, pulls in front and is only a few feet from
text: the edge of the circle.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Equipoise! Equipoise! What did I
dialog: tell you, Animal?
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Come on, baby! Daddy's going to buy
dialog: you a hunk of cheese!
text: Equipoise, now only a foot from the finish line, suddenly
text: stops and goes into a dizzy spin. The other mice gain rapidly.
scene_heading: STOSH AND HARRY
dialog: Straighten out, you dog! This way!
dialog: That's no horse -- that's a dervish!
dialog: Please! This way! Come to Daddy!
text: In a turmoil of SCREAMING G.I.s, Schnickelfritz passes
text: Equipoise, still spinning like a top, and crosses the line.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: The winner is No. 5: Schnickelfritz!
text: Stosh grabs Harry.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Schnickelfritz! I told you
dialog: Schnickelfritz! Why'd you make me
dialog: bet on Equipoise!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I clocked him this morning. He was
text: running like a doll.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (choking him)
dialog: You clocked him! Why don't I clock
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: The next race will be a claiming
dialog: race for four months old and upward
dialog: which have not won since November
dialog: 17th.
text: While Sefton pays off the winners, Cookie puts up a new odds
text: board. New bettors start lining up on the other side. Among
text: them, Harry and Stosh.
speaker_heading: COOKIE'S VOICE
dialog: It's a good thing nobody ever asked
dialog: for a saliva test. Because I wouldn't
dialog: have put it past Sefton to stiff a
dialog: horse once in a while -- especially
dialog: when the betting was heavy.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK 4 - (DAY)
text: Near Sefton's bunk, the distillery is set up: a Rube Goldberg
text: contraption of old tin cans and a maze of piping, a margarine
text: lamp burning under the boiler. The whole thing SPUTTERS and
speaker_heading: HISSES.
text: Behind a makeshift wooden shelf -- the bar -- stands Cookie,
text: pouring drinks for some eight customers, among them Harry
text: and Stosh, crocked. In Stosh's hand is the big Betty Grable
text: cheese-cake photo from his bunk.
speaker_heading: COOKIE'S VOICE
dialog: Another one of his enterprises was
dialog: the distillery. Believe it or not,
dialog: he ran a bar right in our barrack,
text: selling Schnapps at two cigarettes a
dialog: shot. The boys called it the
dialog: Flamethrower, but it wasn't really
dialog: that bad. We brewed it out of old
text: potato peels and once in a while a
text: couple of strings off the Red Cross
dialog: parcels, to give it a little flavor.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (in a crying jag)
dialog: It's not fair, Harry. I'm telling
dialog: you, it's not fair! She's been married
dialog: for over a year! My Betty! She had a
dialog: baby! Didn't you hear it on the radio!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: C'mon, Animal! Pull yourself together!
dialog: (off)
dialog: Hey, Cookie! Belt us again!
text: He pushes their little condensed milk cans, serving as
text: jiggers, across the bar, counts out four cigarettes.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Look at her! Isn't she beautiful!
dialog: Married an orchestra leader!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: So what? There's other women!
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Not for me! Betty! Betty!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Cut it out. Animal! I'll fix you up
dialog: with a couple of those Russian women!
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: You'll fix me up!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Sure, Animal! I'll get you over there!
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: How? Pinky Miller from Barrack 8
dialog: tried to get over there and they
dialog: shot him in the leg!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: It takes a gimmick, Animal, and I
dialog: figured us a little gimmick.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: You did?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (tapping his forehead)
dialog: Sharp. Sometimes I'm so sharp it's
dialog: frightening.
text: Cookie slides over the two tin jiggers. Harry picks them up,
text: hands one to Stosh.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (toasting)
dialog: To the Brick Kremlin!
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (his eyes on the
dialog: cheesecake photo)
dialog: She'll never forgive me!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Bombs away!
text: They both drink it down in one gulp, Harry holding his nose.
text: It's terrible stuff and hits them hard. Stosh goes into a
text: violent fit of coughing, pulling his barrack cap down over
text: his eyes.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (to Cookie)
dialog: What are you serving today? Nitric
dialog: acid?
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: I only work here. Talk to the
dialog: Management.
text: He points to Sefton, who is taking inventory of the cigarettes
text: in his footlocker: cartons, packages, loose ones. He is
text: tabulating the amounts on a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: All right, Management. What are you
dialog: trying to do? Embalm us while we're
dialog: alive?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Exactly what did you expect for two
dialog: cigarettes? Eight year old Bottled-
dialog: In-Bond? All the house guarantees is
dialog: that you don't go blind.
dialog: (to Cookie)
dialog: Don't ever serve 'em again.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Blind! Harry! Harry!
text: He staggers around, not realizing his cap is pulled down
text: over his eyes.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Harry -- I'm blind!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (pushing up his cap)
dialog: Blind? How stupid can you get, Animal?
dialog: I drank the stuff myself.
text: Suddenly he seems not to see too well himself. He gropes
text: around in panic.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Animal! Animal! Where are you, Animal?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK 4 - (DAY)
text: A big telescope, about seven feet long, is set up on a tripod
text: at the window pointing toward the Russian Compound. The
text: telescope is made of various-sized cans soldered together.
text: It's run by Cookie, behind a table, piled with cigarettes
text: and chocolate bars. Bent down peering through the telescope,
text: panning it slowly, is a P.O.W. Across the barrack stretches
text: a long line of impatient customers, all the way to the open
text: door and out of it. Cookie taps the peeker to indicate his
text: time is up. The next in line pays his cigarette and peeks
speaker_heading: COOKIE'S VOICE
dialog: The killer-diller, of course -- the
dialog: real bonanza -- was when Sefton put
text: up the Observatory. He scrounged
text: himself some high-powered Kraut lenses
dialog: and a magnifying mirror and got Ronnie
dialog: Bigelow from Barrack 2 to put the
dialog: whole shebang together for a pound
dialog: of coffee. On a clear day you could
dialog: have seen the Swiss Alps, only who
dialog: wanted to see the Swiss Alps? It was
dialog: about a mile away, that Russian
dialog: delousing shack, but we were right
dialog: on top of it. It cost you a cigarette
dialog: or a half bar of chocolate a peek.
dialog: You couldn't catch much through that
dialog: steam, but believe you me, after two
dialog: years in that camp just the idea
dialog: what was behind that steam sure
dialog: spruced up your voltage.
scene_heading: RUSSIAN DELOUSING SHACK - (THROUGH THE TELESCOPE)
text: About a dozen Russian women, wrapped only in blankets, waiting
text: in line. The telescope pans across a couple of windows. They
text: are completely steamed-up by the disinfecting vapors.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK
text: The P.O.W. is glued to the telescope. Cookie taps him on the
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Let's go! Thirty seconds to a
dialog: customer.
text: Without moving his eye from the telescope, the P.O.W. fishes
text: another cigarette from his pocket and gives it to Cookie.
text: Sefton stands at the open barrack door, a cold cigar in his
text: mouth. He surveys the landoffice business, both inside and
text: out, for beyond him a line of about forty more P.O.W.s
text: stretches into the compound.
dialog: P.O.W.
dialog: (from rear of line)
dialog: Hey, Sefton -- what's snarling up
dialog: the traffic? By the time we get to
dialog: look they'll be old hags!
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Simmer down, boys. There'll be a
dialog: second show when they put the next
dialog: batch through.
text: Hoffy, Price and Duke come in from the compound. Hoffy cases
text: the situation and pulls Sefton to the side.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: What's the big idea, Sefton? Take
dialog: that telescope out of here.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Says who?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Says me.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: You take it out. Only you're going
dialog: to have a riot on your hands.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Every time the men get Red Cross
dialog: packages you have to think up an
dialog: angle to rob them.
speaker_heading: PRICE
text: When the Krauts find that gadget
dialog: they'll throw us all in the boob.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: They know about that gadget. I'd
dialog: worry more about the radio.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: I suppose they also know about your
dialog: distillery and the horseraces?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Just what makes you and them Krauts
dialog: so buddy-buddy?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Ask Security.
dialog: (to Price)
dialog: You tell him, Price. You've got me
dialog: shadowed every minute of the day. Or
dialog: haven't you found out yet?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Answer the question. How do you rate
dialog: all those privileges?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: I grease the Kraut guards. With ten
dialog: percent of the take.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: And maybe a little something else?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: A little something what?
text: He strikes a match on Duke's dogtag and lights his cigar.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: (lunging at him)
dialog: Maybe a little information!
text: Hoffy and Price hold back Duke.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Break it off!
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: How much more do we have to take
dialog: from him?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: There'll be no vigilante stuff. Not
dialog: while I'm Barrack Chief.
text: From the window come excited shouts.
speaker_heading: G.I. VOICES
dialog: Hey, look at them!
dialog: It's Harry and the Animal!
dialog: Look what they're doing!
text: Everybody in the barrack is dashing toward the window giving
text: out on the Russian Compound. Hoffy, Price, Duke, and Sefton
dialog: follow after.
text: The window is packed by G.I.s staring out. More crowding in.
speaker_heading: G.I.S
dialog: Those crazy jerks!
dialog: They won't get away with it!
dialog: The Krauts will shoot them!
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - (DAY)
text: This is Harry's little gimmick: He and Stosh are painting a
text: white line down the middle of the road leading towards the
text: Russian Compound. Stosh carries the bucket and Harry, moving
text: backwards, wields the brush. They are very close now to the
text: barbed wire fence dividing the compounds. A bespectacled
text: German guard is standing in front of his sentinel house.
text: They crouch as low as they can as they paint themselves
text: through the gate past the guard and up the road toward the
text: Russian delousing shack. The guard gives them a glance. It
text: looks okay to him. He starts stamping about at the open gate.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK
text: G.I.s at the window, watching in great excitement.
speaker_heading: G.I.S
dialog: They're past the fifty yard line!
dialog: Quarterback sneak!
dialog: Look at them go!
speaker_heading: SIX G.I.S
dialog: (in chorus)
dialog: We want a touchdown! We want a
dialog: touchdown! We want a touchdown!
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Those idiots! They'll paint themselves
dialog: into their graves!
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSIAN COMPOUND
text: Harry and Stosh are doing dandy as they paint up the highway.
text: Harry gets his bearings: the delousing shack is some twenty-
text: five feet off the road. He paints a very elegant turn off
dialog: the highway.
text: THE GATE BETWEEN THE COMPOUNDS
text: The German guard is stamping up and down. Suddenly he does a
text: double take as he sees:
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSIAN COMPOUND
text: The white line leading down the middle of the highway veers
text: off idiotically over the terrain towards the shack.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN GUARD
text: He stands there perplexed, then takes off after them.
scene_heading: EXT. DELOUSING SHACK
text: Harry and Stosh have now painted up to the window of the
text: shack. Without even stopping, they paint right up the wall
text: and around the window. As they paint, they peer in through
dialog: the thick steam (through which we cannot distinguish
text: anything). Now, they paint down the building on the other
text: side of the window and toward the doorway. Into their pathway
text: come the boots of the German guard. They paint right over
text: the boots. Then they see the butt of the guard's rifle. They
text: look at each other. They are in trouble. They stop painting
text: and straighten up slowly.
speaker_heading: GERMAN GUARD
dialog: Was ist denn hier los? Sie sind
dialog: verhaftet!
text: Harry gives the guard's eye-glasses a couple of quick strokes
text: of paint. Dropping paint and brush, Stosh and he run like
text: mad back toward the gate.
text: The guard stands there struggling with his glasses.
text: The Russian women, huddled in blankets, giggle their heads
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: END OF SEQUENCE "C"
speaker_heading: SEQUENCE "D"
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK 4 - (DAY)
text: About twenty P.O.W.s lazing about. The sack rats in their
text: bunks. Triz and Price playing chess, Joey looking on blankly.
text: Sefton, a towel around his neck, is sitting in a chair being
text: shaved by Cookie. Stosh, in his bunk, is carving a new ocarina
text: for Joey out of wood. CAMERA MOVES SLOWLY to:
text: The electric light bulb, hanging straight and innocent on
dialog: its wire.
speaker_heading: COOKIE'S VOICE
dialog: Now let me see, what came next? Oh,
dialog: yes. Next came those new prisoners.
dialog: 'Twas two days before Christmas when
dialog: all through the camp, not a creature
text: was stirring, not even that lamp.
speaker_heading: MARKO'S VOICE
dialog: At ease! At ease!
text: Marko, carrying a handful of letters and a book, has entered,
text: followed by The Crutch.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: Mail call!
text: The whole barrack springs to life, everyone moving towards
text: Marko with whistles, screams and hoorays. Joey, who keeps
text: staring at the chess board. Sefton and Cookie go on with the
dialog: shave.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: At ease! At ease! First, the
dialog: Kommandant is sending every barrack
dialog: a little Christmas present. A copy
text: of Mein Kampf. In the words of Oberst
dialog: von Scherbach: 'Now that a German
dialog: victory is in sight, all American
dialog: prisoners are to be indoctrinated
dialog: with the teachings of der Fuehrer.
dialog: Unquote. In my own words:
text: (he lets go with a
dialog: belch)
dialog: Unquote.
text: He tosses the book into the air. Duke catches it.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: That's the wrong direction.
text: He flings it at Sefton. It sails past Sefton's head.
text: Cookie ducks. Sefton doesn't even bat an eyelash.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: You must have been some tail gunner!
dialog: (to Cookie)
dialog: Go ahead, Cookie.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Come on, let's get that mail. Anything
dialog: for Stanislaus Kuzawa?
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: At ease! At ease!
text: As Marko calls out the names he hands out the letters. Some
text: of the men open them immediately. Others go to their bunks
dialog: to read.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: Martin. Shapiro. Price. Trzcinski.
dialog: McKay. Shapiro. Shapiro. Manfredi.
text: There is an awkward pause, then Marko puts Manfredi's letter
text: in his pocket.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: Shapiro. Musgrove. McKay. Peterson.
dialog: Cook.
text: Cookie comes up for his letter. So do Duke and Blondie. (Their
dialog: names are Musgrove and Peterson.)
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: Pirelli. Coleman. Agnew. Shapiro.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (in a little voice)
dialog: Nothing for Kuzawa?
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: Shapiro. Shapiro.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (to Harry)
dialog: Just what makes you so popular?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (fanning the letters)
dialog: Frightening, isn't it? Fifty million
text: guys floating around back home and
dialog: all those dames want is Sugar-lips
dialog: Shapiro.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: McKay, Agnew. Here, Stosh.
text: He holds out a letter.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (revitalized)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: Give this to Joey, will you?
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Oh.
dialog: Marko has now distributed all the letters.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: At ease! At ease! Here's a little
dialog: something from Father Murray. One to
text: each barrack.
text: He has knelt down in front of The Crutch and pulls out from
text: the empty pant's leg a little Christmas tree.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: And he says he wants you cruds to
text: cut out all swearing during Yuletide.
dialog: G.I.
dialog: How'd he get those trees?
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: I don't know. Prayed, I guess. They
text: grew out of his mattress.
text: Marko sticks the tree into one of the margarine cans.
dialog: G.I.
dialog: What'll we use for decorations?
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: For that you got to pray yourself.
text: He goes, followed by The Crutch.
text: Stosh sits next to Joey at the table, reading his letter to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: '...and we do hope that you will
dialog: finish that last year of law school
dialog: when you come back home...'
dialog: (looks up at Joey)
dialog: Law school?! You don't want to be a
text: stinking lawyer with a stinking brief
dialog: case in a stinking office, do you,
dialog: Joey?
text: Joey just sits there. Stosh goes on reading.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: '...And do keep writing, son. Your
dialog: letters are very dear to us. With
dialog: all our love, Dad.' Here, Joey, take
dialog: it.
text: Joey doesn't move.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: It's from your Dad, Joey.
text: He shoves the letter into Joey's pocket.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: The next time we write to your folks,
dialog: Joey, you know what you're going to
dialog: say? You're going to say you don't
dialog: want to be a lawyer any more. You
dialog: want to be a musician -- like play
dialog: the flute, maybe -- eh, Joey?
text: There is a fleeting smile on Joey's face.
text: Triz, in his bunk, a crumpled letter in his hand, is mumbling
dialog: to himself.
speaker_heading: TRIZ
dialog: I believe it! I believe it!
dialog: G.I.
dialog: You believe what?
speaker_heading: TRIZ
dialog: My wife.
dialog: (Reading)
dialog: 'Darling, you won't believe it, but
dialog: I found the most adorable baby on
dialog: our doorstep and I have decided to
dialog: keep it for our own. Now, you won't
dialog: believe it, but it's got exactly my
dialog: eyes and nose...' Why does she always
dialog: say I won't believe it? I believe
dialog: it!
text: Blondie is reading his letter, several G.I.s around him,
dialog: among them Duke.
speaker_heading: BLONDIE
dialog: This is from my mother.
dialog: (he reads)
dialog: 'I saw a wonderful article on German
text: prison camps in one of the magazines.
dialog: They showed pictures of the tennis
dialog: courts and they also say that in the
dialog: winter they freeze them over so you
dialog: boys can ice skate...'
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Anything about us grouse hunting in
dialog: the Vienna woods?
speaker_heading: BLONDIE
dialog: (continues to read)
dialog: '...In a way I'm glad you're not in
dialog: America right now -- with everything
dialog: rationed here, like gas and meat.'
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Heart-rendering, ain't it? Why don't
dialog: we send them some food parcels?
text: Harry is busy with all his mail. He has opened six of his
text: letters and is now working on the last. Stosh comes into the
text: SHOT and peeks over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: What do those broads say?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: What do they always say?
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: That's what I wanna hear.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (hiding the letters)
dialog: It's not good for you, Animal.
text: Stosh grabs one of the letters from him.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Hey! This is with a typewriter! It's
dialog: from a finance company!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: So it is from the finance company.
dialog: So it's better than no letter at
dialog: all. So they want the third payment
dialog: on the Plymouth.
dialog: (showing him five
dialog: more letters)
dialog: So they want the fourth, the fifth,
dialog: the sixth and the seventh. So they
dialog: want the Plymouth.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Sugar-lips Shapiro! Frightening,
dialog: ain't it?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (holding up the last
dialog: letter)
dialog: This is a good one!
dialog: (mounts a stool)
dialog: Shut up, everybody! Listen to this!
dialog: (he reads)
dialog: 'The President of the United States
dialog: to Harry Shapiro. Greeting: Having
dialog: submitted yourself to a local board,
dialog: you are hereby notified to report...'
dialog: What do you know! So now I'm a draft
dialog: evader!
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACK 4 - (DAY)
text: Hoffy is walking across the muddy compound towards the
text: barrack, leading a couple of new prisoners: LIEUTENANT DUNBAR
text: and SERGEANT BAGRADIAN. They are exhausted but, by contrast
text: to the old P.O.W.s, remarkably clean. They are followed by a
text: P.O.W., carrying two barrack bags.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: (opening door to
dialog: barrack)
dialog: This is it, gentlemen. Don't bother
dialog: to scrape your shoes.
text: He leads them into the barrack.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK
text: Hoffy leads in Dunbar, Bagradian and the P.O.W. with the
text: barrack bags. He snaps the line, the wash jiggles through
text: the barrack. Everybody turns.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Okay, gang! Meet our new guests.
dialog: This is Lieutenant Dunbar and this
dialog: is Sergeant Bagradian.
scene_heading: DUNBAR AND BAGRADIAN
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Lieutenant?!
text: The whole barracks comes to its feet and salutes him with
text: mock reverence. Harry dashes up and polishes with his sleeve
dialog: the Lieutenant's bar.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: Knock it off, boys. The pleasure's
dialog: all mine.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: The Lieutenant will be with us for a
dialog: week or so until the Krauts can ship
text: him to the officers' camp in Silesia.
dialog: Looks like all the railroad lines
dialog: out of Frankfurt are fouled up because
text: somebody blew up an ammunition train.
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: Somebody, my eye.
dialog: (indicating Dunbar)
dialog: The Lieutenant did it -- right in
dialog: the station -- with fifty German
text: guards around.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (climbing off the
dialog: stool)
dialog: Well! Glad to have you with the
dialog: organization!
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: You're just in time for the Christmas
dialog: Pageant.
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
text: Looks more like the lost company of
dialog: Tobacco Road.
scene_heading: P.O.W. WITH BARRACK BAGS
dialog: (indicating Bagradian)
dialog: He's an actor. You should see him do
text: imitations. He can imitate anybody.
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: If he can imitate a girl, he's made.
dialog: P.O.W.
dialog: Hey -- do Lionel Barrymore.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Do Grable.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Stop it, boys. They were shot down
dialog: two days ago and they've been on
dialog: their feet ever since.
dialog: (to Stosh and Harry)
dialog: Fix them some tea, will you?
dialog: (to Dunbar and
dialog: Bagradian)
dialog: Price will show you your bunks.
text: Price leads them towards the bunks which were formerly
text: occupied by Manfredi and Johnson, the P.O.W. with the barrack
text: bags following them.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: We had a couple of unexpected
dialog: vacancies. Which one will it be --
dialog: the upper or lower, Lieutenant Dunbar?
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: Doesn't matter.
text: Cookie is just finished shaving Sefton. Sefton turns in his
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Lieutenant Dunbar? It wouldn't be
dialog: James Schuyler Dunbar? From Boston?
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: Yes, it would. Do we know each other?
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (indicating Sefton)
dialog: He's from Boston, too. But you
dialog: wouldn't know him, not unless you
dialog: had your house robbed.
text: Sefton gets up, wiping the soap off his ears with the towel.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Maybe he would. We applied for
dialog: Officers' Training together, remember?
dialog: They turned me down, but I'm glad to
dialog: see you made it. Of course, it
dialog: couldn't be that all that dough behind
dialog: you had something to do with it!
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: His mother's got twenty million
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
text: Twenty-five.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: They've got a summer house in
text: Nantucket, with an upstairs polo
dialog: field.
dialog: (to Price)
dialog: You better put a canopy over his
dialog: bunk.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Lay off, Sefton.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: (to Dunbar)
dialog: With your mother's pull, how come
dialog: you're not a chicken colonel by now?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Lay off, I said -- if you don't want
dialog: your head handed to you.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (from the table)
dialog: Tea is being served on the verandah!
text: Harry sets two chow cans on the table.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (to Stosh)
dialog: Where are the napkins, Animal?
text: Stosh tears off two sheets of toilet paper from a roll,
text: separates them and puts them next to the chow cans. By now,
text: Dunbar and Bagradian come over to the table.
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: (to Dunbar, a la Ronald
dialog: Colman)
dialog: Do be seated, Bonita. What a perfectly
text: charming table arrangement. They
dialog: must have copied it from House
dialog: Beautiful.
text: Stosh starts pouring hot water from the pot.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Animal! How many times have I told
dialog: you, you got to pour from the left!
text: Stosh reverses his direction. Harry has taken a faded tea
text: bag out of his watch pocket. He dunks it three times into
text: each chow can. Then, looking at the tea bag as if it were a
dialog: watch:
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Dinner will be served at seven sharp.
dialog: Black tie.
text: He puts the tea bag back into his watch pocket.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Where'd they get you, Lieutenant?
dialog: Over Frankfurt?
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
text: On the Schweinfurt run.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: How many ships did you lose?
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: Half the group.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Flying out of England?
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
text: Yes. Paddington, 92nd Bomber Group.
speaker_heading: BLONDIE
dialog: (wide-eyed)
dialog: Hey, Lieutenant. How did you blow up
dialog: that train with fifty guards around?
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: Just lucky, I guess.
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: Don't let him kid you. Cagney couldn't
dialog: have pulled a sweeter job.
dialog: (a la Cagney)
dialog: All right, boys. We were waiting in
dialog: the depot in Frankfurt, see? And
text: there was an ammunition train coming
dialog: through, the longest ammunition train
dialog: you ever saw, see? So Dunbar gets
dialog: himself in the men's room, see? Fixes
text: himself a time bomb, busts open the
text: window and just as the train moves
dialog: out, lays the thing in there, see?
text: So then, he comes out like nothing's
dialog: happened and three minutes later you
dialog: can hear it -- boom! Broke every
dialog: window in Frankfurt. It was gorgeous!
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: I wouldn't talk about things like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: (himself again)
dialog: They never caught on.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: They may. That's why I would keep my
text: mouth shut.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: We're all Americans here!
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: The Krauts have a way of getting
dialog: information.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Especially in this barrack.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: That's what we'd like to know.
text: Sefton is just putting on his leather jacket. He has been
text: listening to what has been going on. Cookie hands him out of
text: the footlocker a bottle of Rhine wine and a carton of
text: cigarettes. Sefton tucks them inside his leather jacket.
text: Cookie now hands him a pair of silk stockings.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: (in a low voice)
text: There's only one pair left.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: (putting the stockings
dialog: in his pocket)
dialog: We'll get some more.
text: He puts his cap on and walks toward the door. As he passes
dialog: the others:
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: Where does a guy take a hot shower
dialog: around here?
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Hot showers? Dig him!
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Sorry. No hot showers. You wash in
text: the latrine.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: Latrine?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: (stopping in his tracks)
dialog: What did you expect, glamor boy? The
text: Officers' Club with a steam room and
dialog: a massage maybe?
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: (going after him)
dialog: Just a minute. You made a couple of
text: cracks before and I let them slide.
dialog: But I don't intend to take any more.
dialog: If you resent my having money, start
dialog: a revolution, but get off my back.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Look, Lieutenant. All your dough
dialog: won't help you here. Because here
dialog: you're on your own. And no mother to
dialog: throw you a lifebelt. Now let's see
dialog: how good you can swim.
text: He has picked a little twig off the Christmas tree. He puts
text: it in his buttonhole.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Sorry, boys, but my taxi's waiting.
text: He goes out.
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: What's wrong with him?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Plenty.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Number one on the rat parade!
text: Hoffy nods to Duke. Duke leaves the barrack, after Sefton.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - (DAY)
text: On the muddy compound there is a tag football game going on
text: with some forty G.I.s watching.
text: Sefton is walking along. Behind him, Duke has come out of
text: the barrack and is following him. Sefton becomes aware of
text: it. Nonchalantly, he walks into a wash latrine.
scene_heading: INT. WASH LATRINE
text: Sefton comes in. There is another P.O.W. there, a colored
text: guy, just finishing washing his hands. Sefton quickly climbs
text: up a couple of rungs of the ladder leading to the water tank
text: and stops there. The colored P.O.W. doesn't notice it.
scene_heading: EXT. WASH LATRINE
text: Duke stands some distance away, watching the only pair of
text: legs visible under the raised partition. The legs move now
text: down the length of the latrine and out the other end. The
text: colored P.O.W. emerges and walks off with his back toward
text: Duke. Duke follows him.
scene_heading: INT. WASH LATRINE
text: Sefton jumps off the ladder and exits the way he came in.
speaker_heading: COOKIE'S VOICE
dialog: It was a funny thing about Sefton
dialog: and me. I guess I knew him as well
dialog: as anybody else in the camp because
dialog: I had worked for him for two years.
dialog: But there were lots of things I didn't
dialog: know about him. Take for instance,
dialog: where he would disappear to once in
dialog: a while. Of course, I had a hunch,
dialog: but it seemed so crazy I couldn't
dialog: quite believe it -- Just as I would
dialog: never have believed that Sefton was
dialog: the guy that would give away
dialog: Lieutenant Dunbar for blowing up
dialog: that ammunition train.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND
text: Duke is still following the wrong guy. Now the P.O.W. stops
text: to talk to a pal. Duke realizes his mistake. He dashes back
text: into the wash latrine and comes out again. He stands there
text: frustrated. With the football players rushing about, passes
text: being thrown and G.I.s milling around, he has lost Sefton.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK 4 - (DAY)
text: START on the electric light -- the cord is again tied up
text: into a noose.
text: CAMERA PANS to Harry. He is made up a la Hitler; his hair is
text: combed across his forehead and a charcoal mustache on his
text: lip. He is now making up Joey as Hitler, with two fingers
text: blackened in charcoal. Joey just sits in his bunk, dumbly.
text: At the table, Hoffy is playing gin with Dunbar. Price
dialog: kibitzing.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: (to Harry)
dialog: Cut the horseplay, Harry. What's the
dialog: matter with you guys?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: And don't blame me if you all wind
text: up in the cooler.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: How's two?
text: He lays down his hand.
text: Stosh, at the door, holds it slightly ajar and peeks out
text: into the compound. He too is made up as Hitler.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Get ready! Here he comes!
text: He SLAMS the door, snaps wash line.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACK 4 - (DAY)
text: A German truck draws up, loaded with blankets. Schulz, sitting
text: next to the driver, gets out and starts into the barrack.
text: Two German guards stay behind.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK
text: Schulz enters, closes the door behind him. From OFF comes
text: Bagradian's voice: A double-talk German gibberish in the
text: characteristic guttural sounds of der Fuehrer.
text: Schulz stops, mystified.
text: Bagradian stands on a stool giving a lecture to some thirty
text: P.O.W.s, all of them with their backs towards Schulz.
text: Bagradian's face cannot be seen as he holds the Mein Kampf
text: book in front of it. Schulz listens for a little while to
text: Bagradian's ranting and raving. Then he stamps his foot.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Gentlemen! Gentlemen! Attention!
text: Bagradian lowers the book. He too is made up as Hitler. He
text: raises his arm in the Nazi salute.
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: Heil, Hitler!
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: (responding
dialog: automatically)
dialog: Heil, Hitler!
text: He catches himself, lowers the arm.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: (jovially)
text: Droppen Sie dead.
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: (a la Hitler)
dialog: Quiet! We are indoctrinating!
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Is you all indoctrinated?
speaker_heading: P.O.W.S
dialog: (in unison)
dialog: Jawohl.
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: Is you all good Nazis?
speaker_heading: P.O.W.S
dialog: Jawohl.
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: Is you all little Adolfs?
speaker_heading: P.O.W.S
dialog: Jawohl!
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: Then we shall all zalute Feldwebel
dialog: von und zu Schulz! About face!
text: The P.O.W.s wheel around and face Schulz. They are all made
dialog: up as Hitler.
speaker_heading: P.O.W.S
dialog: Sieg heil! Sieg heil! Sieg Heil!
text: After each 'Sieg heil' they raise their arms in salute.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Ach! One Fuehrer is enough! Now
dialog: please, gentlemen! Take off the
dialog: mustaches immediately. Or do you
dialog: want me arrested by the Gestapo?
speaker_heading: P.O.W.S
dialog: Jawohl!
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: You would be very sorry to get a new
dialog: Feldwebel. Somebody without a sense
dialog: of humor.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Okay, boys. Wipe off the mustaches.
dialog: Now what is it, Schulz?
text: The men start wiping off the mustaches and straightening
dialog: their hair.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Gentlemen, tomorrow morning the Geneva
text: Man is coming to inspect the camp
dialog: whether we are living up to the
dialog: International Convention. I am sure
dialog: he will find we are treating you
dialog: very well. You must not run around
dialog: in your underwear. And take off the
dialog: wash. The Kommandant wants all the
dialog: barracks to be spic and also span.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: We'll put pink ribbons on the bedbugs.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: The Kommandant also sends you clean
dialog: blankets. He wants every man to have
text: a new, clean blanket.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: We know! We got them last year. Five
dialog: minutes after the Geneva Man was
text: gone, the blankets were gone.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: One more thing, gentlemen. The
dialog: Kommandant told me to pick up the
dialog: radio.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: What radio?
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: The one you are hiding in the barrack,
dialog: don't you know? The one your friend
dialog: without the leg is smuggling all
text: over the compound.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Schulz, you're off your nut!
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Give me the radio.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: We have no radio.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: All right, gentlemen, I will find it
dialog: myself. Now let's see.
text: He starts wandering around the barrack, drawing closer and
text: closer to the trick bucket.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Am I cold? Am I getting warmer? Hot,
dialog: maybe? Very hot?
text: He has reached the bucket. With his boot he kicks it over on
text: the floor. The water spills on Cookie's shoes. The radio and
text: the earphones lie on the floor.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: (picking up radio)
dialog: What is this? This is water?
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: It's a mouse trap.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: (holding up earphones)
dialog: And this?
speaker_heading: STOSH
text: My grandmother's ear-muffs.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: (to Dunbar)
dialog: Look at them, Lieutenant. Everybody
dialog: is a clown! How do you expect to win
dialog: the war with an army of clowns?
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: We sort of hope you'll laugh
dialog: yourselves to death.
text: Schulz gives out with a big phony laugh. As he laughs his
text: eyes fall on:
text: The light bulb and the cord tied up in a noose.
text: Schulz stops laughing.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Now, outside everybody, for the
dialog: blankets! Everybody out!
text: He herds them out. Joey is in his bunk, still wearing the
text: Hitler mustache.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Outside! You, too!
text: He pushes Joey out. Alone in the barrack again, Schulz quickly
text: walks to the table, exchanges the black queens and straightens
text: out the light cord.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACK 4 - (DAY)
text: The men, standing in line are being issued new blankets by
text: the two German guards.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: That Schulz pig. I'll get him yet.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: You hold him. I'll slug him.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: It's not Schulz. It's that stoolie.
text: Whoever he is, he's sure batting a
dialog: thousand.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: The guy I want to talk to is Sefton.
dialog: Where's Sefton?
text: (turns to Cookie, who
dialog: is coming up in the
dialog: line)
dialog: You haven't seen Sefton, have you?
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: No, I haven't.
speaker_heading: GERMAN GUARD
dialog: (hurrying them along)
dialog: Der Naechste!
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK 4 - (DAY)
text: The P.O.W.s are coming back with the blankets. Schulz is
text: standing at the door with radio and earphones.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: (calling out to the
dialog: guards)
dialog: Henkel! Krause!
dialog: (to Hoffy)
dialog: I'm very sorry about the mouse trap,
dialog: but the war news are very depressing
dialog: anyway.
text: The two German guards have entered. Schulz points at the
text: rolled-up volley ball net under one of the bunks.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: I might as well also confiscate the
dialog: antenna.
text: The guards carry out the wire-roll.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: American know-how!
text: Simultaneously, he snaps the wash line. Shaking with laughter,
text: he exits. As he goes out, Cookie squeezes himself into the
text: barrack, carrying his blanket. He starts edging towards his
text: bunk, but Hoffy grabs him.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: All right, Cookie, let's hear it:
dialog: where is Sefton?
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: I don't know. I told you.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: He wouldn't be at the Kommandant's,
dialog: would he?
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: What did they trade him for the radio?
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: I don't know.
text: During this, they have backed him up towards his bunk.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Why don't we just look in those
dialog: footlockers?
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Come on, you little stooge. Hand
text: over them keys.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: I haven't got any keys.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Okay. Then I'll get me a key.
text: He grabs off a piece of iron holding up a corner of the
text: distillery. Meanwhile, Harry has pulled out Sefton's
text: footlockers. Stosh shoves the iron bar into one of the locks.
text: Stops. Looks up at Hoffy.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Okay, Hoffy?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Okay.
text: Stosh starts ripping off the lock.
text: Cookie has shrunk back into the corner of his bunk.
text: The first footlocker is cracked open. It is brimful of
text: cigarettes, chocolate bars, coffee, tea and sugar. Stosh now
text: pries open the second footlocker. He throws back the top:
text: there is a dazzling assortment of cameras, binoculars,
text: wristwatches, beer steins, bottles of Rhine wine and a cuckoo
dialog: clock.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Of all the hoarding cruds!
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: Looks like Macey's basement, don't
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: That kid's richer than my mother.
text: Harry has picked up the cuckoo clock. It opens, the birdie
text: emerges and cuckoos.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Shut up!
text: He slaps the door shut on it. Stosh pulls from under the
text: binoculars a pair of silk stockings. He holds them up.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: For cryin' out loud! What would he
dialog: be doing with these?
speaker_heading: DUKE'S VOICE
dialog: Suppose you ask me.
text: They turn. In the door stands Duke, breathless. He had just
dialog: come in from the Compound.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Go on, ask me! Because I got the
dialog: goods on Mister Sefton. Because this
dialog: time he didn't shake me.
text: He moves toward the telescope at the window.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Take a look for yourself. It'll curdle
dialog: your guts.
text: He swings the telescope around so it faces the Russian
dialog: Compound.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: The Russian women!
text: They all dash towards the window and the telescope. Hoffy
text: pushes through and looks himself, focusing the telescope.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Try the end barrack. Where the goodies
dialog: are.
text: Hoffy looks.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Come on, Hoffy! We all want to see!
text: Hoffy straightens up. Stosh pushes Harry away and looks
text: through the telescope.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: (to Duke)
dialog: How did he get over there?
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Easy! Walked right through the gate,
text: past the guard. Like he was some
dialog: Kraut Field Marshal.
text: Stosh, looking through the telescope, has let go with a long
dialog: whistle.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: This is murder!
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN BARRACK - (DAY)
text: The telescope is focused on the window, revealing:
text: A party is in progress. Sefton is the only man among some
text: eight Russian women. He lies on a bunk, reclining like a
text: Sultan. The Russian women around him vie for his favor. One
text: plays the balalaika. Another is dancing the Kazatski on the
dialog: table.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK
text: The men struggle to get at the telescope. Harry jerks Stosh
text: away. Meanwhile, Blondie moves in.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (pulling Blondie off)
dialog: Go play with your marbles!
text: Harry looks.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: The stinkin' miser! Keeping all that
dialog: to himself!
speaker_heading: TRIZ
dialog: Would I like to lay my hands on him!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (from the telescope)
dialog: Who wants to lay their hands on him?
text: Blondie, Bagradian and a couple others have dashed to the
text: footlocker, grabbed themselves some binoculars, and dash
text: back to the window to look.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: (to Hoffy and Price)
dialog: So I'm a vigilante, huh? So what are
dialog: the Barrack Officers going to do
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Don't worry Duke. We'll handle it
dialog: from here on in.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: You better handle it fast. Before a
text: few more of us get knocked off.
text: Hoffy, boiling mad, grabs the telescope from the guys and
text: flings it across the room.
text: The telescope smashes against Sefton's bunk. It almost hits
text: Cookie. He cringes back.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - (DUSK)
text: Sefton is coming back from the Russian compound. There are
text: about a dozen P.O.W.s about. He pauses at the gate until a
text: couple of P.O.W.s have moved on. Then he walks through the
text: gate, giving the German guard a little high sign. Whistling
text: a Russian tune, Sefton crosses toward Barrack 4.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK 4 - (DUSK)
text: The electric lights are burning. Sefton enters, whistling.
text: Duke slips behind him, slams the door shut, and stands there
text: blocking the exit.
text: Sefton stops whistling. He surveys the situation. About twenty-
text: five P.O.W.s stand around silently, looking at him. Hoffy,
text: Price, Harry and Stosh in the foreground.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Hi.
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Too late for chow?
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: What's the matter, boys? Is my slip
dialog: showing?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: I'll say it is. You spilled a little
text: borscht on it.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Borscht?
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Have a nice time over there?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Oh! Somebody was peeking!
text: He nonchalantly starts peeling off his coat.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Yeah! Had a dreamy time! Those dames,
dialog: they really know how to throw a party.
dialog: I've handled some pretty interesting
dialog: material in my day, but between you
dialog: and me, there's just nothing like
text: the hot breath of the Cossacks.
text: There's a couple of blonde snipers
dialog: over there, real man-killers...
text: He breaks off as his eyes fall on his footlockers. He sees
text: that they have been broken open.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: What's this?
text: They just look at him. He turns to Cookie, who is curled up
text: in his bunk, petrified.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: What happened, Cookie? Who did it?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: We did it.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: There better not be anything missing.
dialog: This is private property.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: So was the radio private property.
dialog: So was Manfredi and Johnson.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: What about the radio?
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: (moving in on Sefton)
dialog: Yeah, what about it?
dialog: (to Hoffy and Price)
dialog: Cut the horsing around. We know he's
dialog: the stoolie and we know what the pay-
dialog: off is. Let's get on with it.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Let's get on with what? What is this
dialog: anyway? A Kangaroo Court? Why don't
dialog: you get a rope and do it right?
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: You make my mouth water.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: You're all wire happy, boys. You've
dialog: been in this camp too long. You put
dialog: two and two together and it comes
dialog: out four. Only it ain't four.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: What's it add up to you, Sefton?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: It adds up that you got yourselves
dialog: the wrong guy. Because I'm telling
dialog: you. The Krauts wouldn't plant two
dialog: stoolies in one barrack. And whatever
dialog: you do to me you're going to have to
dialog: do all over again when you find the
dialog: right guy.
speaker_heading: BLONDIE
dialog: (from the window)
dialog: Watch it!
text: He snaps the wash.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - (NIGHT BY NOW)
text: Planks have been laid from the Administration Building to
text: Barrack 4. Two German guards are just putting down the last
text: plank right against the barrack. Von Scherbach strides down
text: the planks. He is accompanied by his aide and two German
text: soldiers. They, of course, are marching through the mud. The
text: aide hurries ahead to open the door to the barrack.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK 4 - (NIGHT)
text: Von Scherbach enters, followed by his aide. All the P.O.W.s
text: look on tensely.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Good evening, Sergeants.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: A bit dank in here, isn't it?...
dialog: Where is the Baracken-Fuehrer?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: (stepping up)
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: You have a Lieutenant here...
text: He holds out his hand. His aide hands him a slip of paper.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: (reading)
dialog: ...a Lieutenant James Dunbar?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: I am Lieutenant Dunbar.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: What is your number?
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: (reading off his dog-
dialog: tags)
dialog: 105-353.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: (checking with paper)
dialog: That is correct.
dialog: (he salutes)
dialog: Lieutenant Dunbar, I came to apologize
dialog: for the accommodations. Ordinarily,
dialog: of course, we never put officers up
dialog: with enlisted men.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: I'll live.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Quite a transportation jam we are
dialog: having outside of Frankfurt! They
dialog: are very angry in Berlin. They will
dialog: be even angrier on the East Front,
text: waiting for that ammunition train.
dialog: Don't you think so, Lieutenant?
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: I don't know what you're talking
dialog: about, Colonel.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Of course you don't. Now, Lieutenant,
dialog: how would you like to join me in my
dialog: quarters? I have a nice fire going.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: I'm okay here. Why bother?
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: No bother. I'm very grateful for a
dialog: little company. You see, I suffer
dialog: from insomnia.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: Ever try forty sleeping pills?
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: (to his aide, sharply)
dialog: Abfuehren!
text: The aide takes Dunbar by the arm.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: (to the aide)
dialog: Wait a minute. We have some rights
dialog: here.
dialog: (to von Scherbach)
dialog: Why is this man being taken out?
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: (looking around the
dialog: room)
dialog: Curtains would do wonders for this
dialog: barrack.
dialog: (on second thought)
dialog: You will not get them.
text: He snaps his fingers. The aide marches Dunbar out. Von
text: Scherbach follows, slamming the door after him.
text: For a moment, there is a stunned silence. Then:
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: How did he ever find out about that
dialog: ammunition train?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: You must have shot off your mouth
dialog: all the way from Frankfurt to here.
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: We did not.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Maybe just a hint or so. Think hard.
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: I don't have to think. We didn't
dialog: tell anything to anybody. Not a word.
dialog: Not until we hit this barrack.
text: The men stand struck.
text: Then all eyes go to Sefton. He is closing his footlockers.
text: He senses their look. Straightens up.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: What are you looking at me for?
text: No answer. He shoves the footlockers under his bunk. From
text: OFF come whistles and shouts: 'Lights Out!'
text: The lights go out. The barrack is in semi-darkness.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: I suppose some jerk's going to say I
dialog: did it.
text: He crawls into his bunk. He lies there, his eyes wide open.
text: The air is charged.
text: After a long moment, the men move in on him, led by Duke and
text: Stosh. Sefton sits up to meet them. A couple of guys grab
text: him from behind, hold him down.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Why don't you try it one at a time?
text: The first blows are falling.
text: Joey lies in his bunk, his head propped against the bedpost,
text: his face still in idiotic Hitler make-up. He does not
text: comprehend the SOUNDS from Sefton's bunk, the beating and
text: muffled cries. In the foreground, the electric bulb, hanging
text: straight, sways gently.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: END OF SEQUENCE "D"
speaker_heading: SEQUENCE "E"
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND
text: Wintry day. Cold sun shining. Through the big gate two
text: vehicles are driving into the compound: a 1939 Buick sedan
text: and a tarpaulin-covered truck. The vehicles are muddy,
text: battered, and carry the insignia of the Red Cross. They stop
text: in front of the Administration Building. P.O.W.s converge
text: from all sides. Out of the Buick steps the Geneva Man: a
text: friendly type, about fifty-five, dressed in civilian clothes
text: and carrying a brief case. He tips his Homburg to the P.O.W.s,
text: but they are more interested in the truck. While a couple of
text: German lieutenants exchange credentials with the Geneva Man,
text: the Red Cross drivers roll back the tarpaulin of the truck,
text: and the P.O.W.s (including all the men from Barrack 4, except
text: Sefton) crowd around the goodies.
speaker_heading: COOKIE'S VOICE
dialog: Now, there's a lot of folks around
dialog: these days that don't believe in
dialog: Santa Claus. I always did and I always
dialog: will. For a while there, I thought
dialog: the German Luftwaffe had shot him
dialog: down, reindeer, sleigh and all. But,
dialog: no sir! Come the day before Christmas,
dialog: he showed up with some presents for
dialog: us, the Geneva Man did. He had started
text: out with seven truckloads. He was
dialog: lucky to get one of them through --
text: with all the bombing and booby traps
text: and pilfering. Still, they were
dialog: presents and made you feel good:
dialog: coffee, a little sugar and some candy
dialog: and toothbrushes and about a thousand
dialog: rolls of that sanitary paper. Brother,
dialog: they sure kept sending us reams of
dialog: that stuff. I'll bet you if they had
dialog: dropped all that paper on Berlin the
dialog: first day, the war would have been
dialog: over right then and there.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK 4 - (DAY)
text: It is quite changed now. The wash is gone. Everything is put
text: away. The barrack is apparently empty, except for a German
text: guard and Schulz, who gives the place a last once-over. The
text: German guard is sweeping dust under the bunks.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Schnell! Schnell! Bevor der Mann vom
dialog: Roten Kreuz inspizieren kommt!
text: At one of the bunks he sees a miserable plant, potted in a
text: smelly old shoe. He picks it up and gives it to the guard.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Nehmen Sie das hinaus!
text: The guard takes the shoe out. Schulz, about to leave himself,
text: sees a pair of socks hanging from the line above. He rips
text: them down and tucks them disgustedly under a blanket. From
dialog: OFF comes:
speaker_heading: SEFTON'S VOICE
dialog: Hey, Schulz!
text: Schulz turns.
text: At the other end of the barrack, Sefton is lying in his bunk.
text: He has propped himself up on his elbow. His face is battered.
text: One eye is swollen, one ear gashed. His body is aching.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: (crossing)
dialog: What is this? You must get out of
text: the bunk. The Geneva Man is coming
dialog: to inspect the barrack!
text: He sees Sefton's condition.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Du lieber Gott! How do you look? You
dialog: had a fight?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
text: (holding out a pair
dialog: of silk stockings)
dialog: How would you like to give Frau Schulz
text: a pair of silk stockings for
dialog: Christmas?
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: You should go and see the doctor.
dialog: Maybe I can --
dialog: (breaking off)
dialog: Silk stockings?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Here. Take them.
text: He presses the stockings upon Schulz.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Wunderbar! Maybe they are too
dialog: wunderbar for my wife. But there is
dialog: a piano teacher in the village --
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: And how about three hundred cigarettes
dialog: for yourself?
text: He has dragged himself out of his bunk and is taking cartons
text: of cigarettes out of the footlocker.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Three hundred cigarettes! What is it
dialog: you want from me?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Who's the guy, Schulz?
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: What guy?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: The one you work with. Who is he?
dialog: How do you do it?
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: I do not want those cigarettes.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Yes, you do!
text: He pulls himself up with an armful of cartons.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: I'll make it five hundred!
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: No! No!
text: Sefton grabs him.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: You'd better talk, Schulz, because
dialog: I'm going to find out with you or
dialog: without you. Because I won't let go
dialog: for a second. Because they'll have
dialog: to kill me to stop me. So talk!
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Talk what? I do not know anything!
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: How many do you want? A thousand?
text: He bends over the footlocker, fighting his pain, comes up
text: with more cartons. He thrusts them upon Schulz.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Take it! Take it!
text: There is a SOUND of P.O.W.s entering. Schulz looks off.
text: The P.O.W.s are coming back from the compound with the
text: Christmas presents. Hoffy, Price, Duke, Harry and Stosh stand
text: in the door, looking at Sefton and Schulz.
text: Schulz quickly drops the cartons on Sefton's bunk. Stands
text: embarrassed for a moment, then retrieves his poise.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Gentlemen! When the Geneva Man comes
dialog: through the barrack, I don't want
dialog: any funny business. No mustaches. We
dialog: will all behave ourselves.
text: He goes toward the other end of the barrack, which is by now
text: filled with all the other P.O.W.s. Schulz stops.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: And gentlemen! You will not complain
dialog: to the Geneva Man. Because I have
dialog: orders from the Kommandant to report
text: everyone who complains.
text: The men move toward Sefton.
speaker_heading: STOSH
text: Look at him! Dunbar's being crucified
dialog: and he's trading again!
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Didn't you get enough last night?
dialog: You itching for more?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Some guys never learn!
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: I called a meeting of the barrack
dialog: chiefs this morning, Sefton. I thought
dialog: maybe I could get you transferred
text: into another barrack. It turns out
dialog: nobody likes you any more than we
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: So you're stuck with me, eh?
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Maybe those Russian dames would take
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Not with that kisser -- not any more!
text: Cookie has come through the door with some ice in a towel.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: (to Sefton)
dialog: Here... put some ice on it.
text: Duke grabs the ice-bag from him.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Beat it, stooge!
dialog: (to Hoffy and Price)
dialog: Go on -- tell the crumb where he
dialog: stands.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: All right, Sefton. You got away lucky
dialog: last night. One more move, no matter
dialog: how small, and you'll wake up with
dialog: your throat slit!
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: You heard that, Sefton?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Sure I heard it. I still got one
dialog: good ear.
text: From OFF comes Schulz' WHISTLE. They look.
text: Schulz stands at the far door, blowing his whistle.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Achtung! Achtung! Everybody at
dialog: attention for the Geneva Man!
text: The men all come to attention before their bunks. The German
text: lieutenant enters, ushering in the Geneva Man. Schulz stiffens
text: and clicks his heels.
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: As you were, gentlemen. Please.
text: He takes off his hat, looks around, and as the scene
text: progresses, moves through the barrack.
scene_heading: GERMAN LIEUTENANT
dialog: Here we have a typical barrack. It
text: houses seventy-five men. Every one
dialog: of them has his own bunk, naturally.
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: Naturally. It would be rather awkward
text: to have three men in one bunk.
scene_heading: GERMAN LIEUTENANT
dialog: As for the blankets, you will notice
dialog: they are very warm. Fifty percent
dialog: wool.
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
text: They also smell of moth balls.
dialog: (to a P.O.W. at that
dialog: particular bunk)
dialog: When were they issued? This morning?
text: The P.O.W. looks noncommittally.
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: (to the Lieutenant)
dialog: What do you do for heat in this
dialog: barrack? No stove?
scene_heading: GERMAN LIEUTENANT
dialog: The men here used it for a trap door,
dialog: so we had to remove it temporarily.
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: How long is temporarily? I trust not
dialog: until July.
text: Through the other door a couple of P.O.W.s have brought in
text: the chow-tub, steaming with some brew. They put it on the
text: table in the middle of the barrack.
scene_heading: GERMAN LIEUTENANT
dialog: Here you see a typical meal the
dialog: prisoners are getting. What are we
dialog: having today, Schulz?
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Bean soup with ham hocks. Would you
dialog: like to taste it?
dialog: (fishing with the
dialog: ladle)
dialog: Where's the ham hock? There should
dialog: be a ham hock.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: When he finds it, we'll send it to
dialog: Geneva.
text: The Geneva Man continues down the barrack.
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: Are there any complaints? Please
dialog: speak up.
text: He looks around. A pause.
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: Don't be afraid to talk. That's what
dialog: the Geneva Convention is for: to
dialog: protect the rights of prisoners of
dialog: war. Whether they are Americans or
dialog: Germans.
text: Nobody answers.
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: (to Harry)
dialog: What have you got to say?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I like it here.
dialog: (then with a shrug)
dialog: Aeh!
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: (to Price)
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: It's all right. Considering.
text: The Geneva Man walks on. Stops at Sefton's bunk. Sees his
text: battered face.
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: What happened to you? Were you beaten?
dialog: Why don't you answer?
dialog: (to the German
dialog: Lieutenant)
dialog: What did you do to this man?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: They didn't do nothing.
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: Who beat you?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Nobody beat me. We were playing
dialog: pinochle. It's a rough game.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: (stepping up)
dialog: Pardon me, sir. Since you want us to
dialog: speak up, there was a man removed
dialog: from this barrack last night. A
dialog: Lieutenant Dunbar. We sure would
dialog: appreciate your looking into it.
dialog: That's if they haven't shot him yet.
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: (to the German
dialog: Lieutenant)
dialog: Why was the man arrested?
scene_heading: GERMAN LIEUTENANT
text: Sabotage. He blew up a train.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: They'd have to prove that first,
dialog: wouldn't they? Isn't that what the
dialog: Geneva Convention says? You can't
dialog: just take a man out and shoot him!
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. VON SCHERBACH'S OFFICE - (DAY)
text: The office is in the Administration Building. It is primitive,
text: sparsely furnished. A desk with a couple of phones on it.
text: Iron stove. A black leather sofa. Maps.
text: In the room are von Scherbach, Dunbar and the Colonel's
text: ORDERLY. The Colonel's boots, shining gloriously, stand near
text: the desk. He is pacing up and down in his stocking feet
text: talking to Dunbar. In his hand is the black queen from the
text: chess game. He tosses it into the air once in a while and
text: catches it. Dunbar stands close to a wall. He is completely
text: exhausted, fighting sleep.
text: START the SCENE on the chess piece in von Scherbach's hand
text: and PAN with it as von Scherbach walks to reveal the room.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: You have no idea how boring my life
dialog: here is. If it weren't for an
dialog: occasional air raid or some foolish
dialog: prisoners trying to escape, I wouldn't
dialog: know what to do. I want to thank you
dialog: for keeping me company. I don't drink,
dialog: I don't smoke, I don't read. I hate
dialog: music. That only leaves good
dialog: conversation. It will be a shame to
dialog: lose you.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: (fighting sleep)
dialog: I didn't do it -- I didn't do it.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Of course you did! Twenty-six carloads
text: of munitions gone off like a trick
text: cigar! The S.S. is running around in
text: circles. The Gestapo is arresting
dialog: the wrong people. And von Scherbach
dialog: has caught the fish. Most amusing,
dialog: isn't it?
text: Dunbar falls back against the wall, yawning.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: (straightening him up)
dialog: You are being rude again.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: I want to sleep. Give me five minutes
dialog: on that couch.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: (looking at his
dialog: wristwatch)
text: Nine-thirty. General von Pfeffinger
dialog: should be at his desk by now. Shall
dialog: we call Berlin and tell him the good
dialog: news?
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: I didn't do it. I didn't do it.
text: Von Scherbach has gone to the desk, picks up the phone and
text: cranks it.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hauptkommando Berlin. General von
dialog: Pfeffinger. Dringend.
text: He hangs up, sits on the edge of the desk holding up his
text: stocking feet. During his subsequent spiel, the orderly steps
text: up and pulls von Scherbach's boots on.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: I hope you appreciate this moment,
dialog: Lieutenant. You see, I am a cavalry
dialog: man. All the von Scherbachs were
dialog: cavalry men. Well, you know what
text: happened to the cavalry. The young
text: ones they put into panzer divisions.
dialog: The older ones they put in the
dialog: quartermaster's corps. Or they made
text: them recruiting officers or wardens.
dialog: Like me. Wet nurses to putrid
dialog: prisoners. In Berlin they have
dialog: forgotten that Colonel von Scherbach
dialog: even exists. They will remember now!
text: The boots are on. The telephone RINGS. He jumps to his feet,
text: picks up the receiver, automatically clicks his heels.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Berlin? Hier Oberst von Scherbach.
dialog: General von Pfeffinger?
dialog: (clicks his heels)
text: Oberst von Scherbach. Stalag 17.
dialog: Melde gehorchsamst haben als
dialog: Gefangenen den Mann, der Munitionszug
dialog: in Frankfurt in die Luft gesprengt
dialog: hat. Jawohl, Herr General --
dialog: (clicks the heels)
dialog: -- Name Leutenant Dunbar. Sabotage.
dialog: Jawohl, Herr General.
text: He clicks his heels again, hangs up. Sits again on the desk
text: and the orderly automatically starts to pull off his boots.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: There will be two S.S. men here
dialog: tomorrow to take you to Berlin. You
dialog: will be interrogated by the General
dialog: Staff. When you come to the part
dialog: about your arrest, I'm sure you won't
dialog: forget to give me the proper credit.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: (sinking back)
dialog: I want to sleep... I haven't slept
dialog: for three days.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: (pulling him up)
dialog: You will remember the name? Von
scene_heading: Scherbach? VON SCHER-BACH!
text: There's a KNOCK on the door.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Herein!
text: Schulz opens the door, clicks his heels, salutes.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Der Mann vom Roten Kreuz moechte den
dialog: Herrn Oberst sprechen!
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Ich bitte!
text: Schulz ushers in the Geneva Man, steps out himself.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Well, Herr Inspector! How did you
dialog: find the camp? Crowded but gemuetlich,
dialog: shall we say?
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: I want to talk about Lieutenant
dialog: Dunbar. Is this Lieutenant Dunbar?
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: It is.
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: What exactly is he charged with?
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Whatever it is, it's out of your
dialog: jurisdiction. This man is not a
text: prisoner of war. Not any more. He is
dialog: a saboteur.
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: He is a prisoner of war until you
dialog: can prove sabotage.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: I didn't do it. I was in the Frankfurt
dialog: station and the train was three miles
dialog: away when it blew up.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Oh, come now! You threw a time bomb.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: How could I have had a time bomb?
dialog: They searched me when they took me
dialog: prisoner.
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: And the way you search your prisoners,
dialog: it does sound rather unlikely.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: All I know is he did it. I am
dialog: satisfied.
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: I am not. According to the Geneva
dialog: Convention --
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: Is there anything about letting a
dialog: guy sleep in the Geneva Convention?
text: He has shuffled over to the sofa, and plunks himself down --
text: instantly asleep.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: (to the Geneva Man)
dialog: You were saying --?
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: Simply this. After the hostilities
dialog: are ended, there will be such a thing
dialog: as a War Crimes Commission. If this
dialog: man should be convicted without proper
dialog: proof, you will be held responsible,
dialog: Colonel von Scherbach.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Interesting.
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: Isn't it?
text: The Geneva Man looks straight into von Scherbach's eyes. Von
text: Scherbach doesn't like the look. He picks up the black queen
text: and tosses it again.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Very well. If you insist on details.
dialog: I have ways of finding out about
dialog: that blasted time bomb. Good day,
dialog: sir.
dialog: (indicating stocking
dialog: feet)
dialog: You will forgive me for receiving
dialog: you like this?
speaker_heading: GENEVA MAN
dialog: Perfectly all right. I do not like
dialog: boots.
text: As the Geneva Man exits --
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Schulz!
text: Schulz enters.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Wie ist es moeglich dass dieser
dialog: Amerikaner eine Bombe bei sich hatte?
dialog: Er wurde doch bei der Gefangennahme
dialog: untersucht.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Jawohl, Herr Kommandant.
speaker_heading: VON SCHERBACH
dialog: Finden Sie es heraus -- und zwar
dialog: sofort!
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Zu Befehl, Herr Kommandant.
text: Von Scherbach tosses him the black queen.
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK 4 - (DAY)
text: START ON black queen now with the other chess pieces on the
text: table. PAN UP to disclose the barrack and the electric light,
text: its cord now looped.
text: Sefton is lying in his bunk, dressed. Cookie above him in
text: his bunk. At the center table, Harry, Stosh, Blondie and
text: Bagradian are decorating the Christmas tree with their dogtags
text: and hand-made candles. Joey sits there watching them. Blondie
text: takes off Joey's dogtags and puts them on the tree. One of
text: the P.O.W.s is WHISTLING Silent Night.
text: Sitting on a stool is Triz. He is knitting a little baby's
text: garment. He pauses as a thought disturbs him, then:
speaker_heading: TRIZ
dialog: I believe it. I believe it.
text: He goes on with the knitting.
text: Through the door come Duke and Price, followed by two P.O.W.s
text: from another barrack. One P.O.W. is carrying an old-fashioned
dialog: phonograph, the other some records.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: (indicating center
dialog: table)
dialog: Put it down, boys.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hey, -- music!
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: We made a deal with Barrack One.
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: (to Price)
dialog: Any news on Dunbar?
speaker_heading: PRICE
text: He's still in the Kommandant's office.
dialog: That's all I know.
text: The P.O.W.s from Barrack One have deposited the phonograph
text: and the records on the table.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Over here.
text: They follow him to Sefton's bunk.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: (to Cookie)
dialog: Let's have that distillery. Come on.
text: Cookie looks down at Sefton for permission.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: What are you looking at him for?
dialog: (to Sefton)
dialog: Any objections, Sefton?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Take it.
text: The P.O.W.s climb on Sefton's bunk and start taking down the
text: distillery, which is piled up in Cookie's bunk.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: (to Sefton)
dialog: Next we're going to auction off your
dialog: department store -- and your stable.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Why not?
text: At the table, Price finishes cranking the machine. Harry
text: puts on a record and Price starts it playing. The tune is:
text: When Johnny Comes Marching Home. The guys start crowding
dialog: around.
text: Meanwhile, Stosh has been watching the P.O.W.s from Barrack
text: One take down the distillery. As they start out, he grabs up
text: an empty glass jar, follows them surreptitiously and, in
text: moving, siphons off a stream of booze into the glass jar.
text: One of the P.O.W.s catches him.
dialog: P.O.W.
dialog: (slapping his hand)
dialog: Hey! That goes with it!
text: They pull the hose out of the glass jar and leave. Stosh,
text: however, has gotten himself a pint of Schnapps.
text: At the table Harry and a few others start singing with the
text: record. Everybody has gathered around except Sefton and
text: Cookie. Price moves over to his bunk, (PAN with him). As he
text: takes off his jacket his eyes fall on --
text: The loop in the electric cord.
text: Price. His eyes narrow for a split second. Then he takes his
text: cap off, cases the situation. The P.O.W.s are at the
text: phonograph. Sefton lies in his bunk, his eyes toward the
text: wall. Cookie climbs down to join the others. Nonchalantly,
text: Price crosses toward the lamp. He stands at the table with
text: his back towards the barrack. Picks up the black queen, pulls
text: the top off, palms a small piece of paper, puts the top back
text: and places the chess piece back on the chess board. He is
text: about to read, but -- Some of the P.O.W.s come marching down
text: the barrack toward Price in a take-off of a homecoming parade,
text: led by Harry and Stosh.
text: Price stands there, the note in his fist. After they have
text: passed, he opens his hand, reads the palmed note, puts it in
text: his pocket. He looks after the others who are now marching
text: down at the other end of the barrack. Casually, he pulls the
text: slip noose out of the light cord, and walks toward the center
dialog: table.
text: Sefton, lying in his bunk, sees the shadow of the bulb and
text: the light cord on the wall, swinging gently back and forth.
text: It doesn't make too much of an impression on him. However,
text: he definitely notices it and looks around for the cause. He
text: dismisses it and lies back in his bunk.
text: The Johnny Comes Marching Home number is over and Bagradian
text: now goes into an impersonation of Lionel Barrymore, as the
text: mayor of a small town, welcoming home the returning warriors --
dialog: and Jimmy Stewart answering for the soldiers. (To be worked
text: out later). During this, Price has joined them.
speaker_heading: P.O.W.S
dialog: Do Bogart.
dialog: Do Cary Grant.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Do Cagney.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Naw! Do Grable!
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: Okay.
text: He goes into a short impersonation of Clark Gable.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Grable, not Gable!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Do Jimmy Durante!
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Do Cagney. Like you did yesterday.
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: (a la Cagney)
dialog: There was that ammunition train in
dialog: the depot at Frankfurt, see? So Dunbar
text: gets himself in the men's room and
text: fixes a time bomb, see? Then he waits
text: until the train starts moving out,
dialog: see? And one of the cars got the
text: door open with some straw on the
dialog: floor, see? So he throws it, see,
dialog: and three minutes later -- voom!
dialog: See?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Throws what? How could he have a
dialog: time bomb?
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: Just pulled the old match gag, see!
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: What's the match gag?
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: Take some matches, see?
dialog: (takes a book of
dialog: matches from his
dialog: pocket)
dialog: And a cigarette, see?
dialog: (takes a burning
dialog: cigarette from Triz'
dialog: mouth)
dialog: Tuck the cigarette in like this,
dialog: see?
dialog: (tucks the cigarette
dialog: inside cover of match-
dialog: book with the lit
dialog: end sticking out)
text: Now the cigarette keeps burning like
dialog: a fuse, see?
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Say, that's a dandy!
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: (as it sinks in)
dialog: Yeah. Pretty clever.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Do Grable.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hey, here's Esther Williams.
text: He bends his head over and taps his ear, as if to shake out
dialog: water. No laugh.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Nothing, eh?
dialog: P.O.W.
dialog: Do Cary Grant.
text: Bagradian goes into a take-off on Cary Grant. Price leans
text: his head against a bunk-post, completely relaxed.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK 4 - (EVENING)
text: The lights are on. In the foreground, our bulb, with a loop
text: in the cord again. A Christmas party is in progress. On the
text: center table, the pitiful little tree is lit. All the P.O.W.s
text: in the barrack are huddled around the table, most of them
text: sitting on the bunks. They are singing Adeste Fideles. It is
text: bitter cold. Outside the wind is howling. They are wrapped
text: in blankets and most of them wear gloves.
text: As for Sefton, he is lying in his bunk, a pariah. Duke comes
text: over from the group, pulls Sefton's foot-locker out and starts
text: taking out the bottles of Rhine wine.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Where's the corkscrew?
text: He finds it, puts it in his pocket.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Have a cigar.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Thanks.
text: He takes a cigar, puts it in his mouth and goes off with the
text: wine. As Sefton looks after him, his eyes are caught by the
text: light cord and the noose in it. He stares at it.
text: The P.O.W.s around the tree are SINGING, Price prominently
text: in the foreground. Duke has come with the wine and starts
text: opening it. Stosh nudges Joey who sits next to him and points
text: to a lone little package under the tree.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Hey, Joey -- there's a present for
dialog: you.
text: Joey doesn't move. Stosh picks it up.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Want me to open it for you?
text: He opens it. It's the crude ocarina he carved out of wood.
text: Joey's eyes flicker. He takes the ocarina and starts playing
text: weird SOUNDS on it. The boys look at him, delighted.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: There, Joey -- ain't that better
dialog: than being a lawyer?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (nudging Stosh)
dialog: Animal! Got a little something for
dialog: you!
text: He produces from behind his back a package, wrapped with
dialog: ersatz ribbon.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Got a little something for you, too!
text: He takes out a package from inside his blanket.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I'll open mine now.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: I'll open mine, too.
text: They start opening their presents. It becomes apparent that
text: each has given the other a roll of sanitary paper.
scene_heading: HARRY AND STOSH
dialog: (throwing their arms
dialog: around each other)
dialog: You're a doll! Just what I wanted!
dialog: How did you know!
text: From the compound, a SIREN is heard. And shouts, Lights Out!
text: The singing stops.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Air raid warning.
speaker_heading: BLONDIE
dialog: Not Christmas Eve!
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: Come on, everybody. Let's get out.
dialog: Let's hit those slit trenches.
speaker_heading: TRIZ
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: I'm not really built for war.
text: They blow out the candles. Simultaneously, the lights are
text: turned off. The men start rushing out. Outside, through the
text: door, men from other barracks can be seen hurrying by.
text: Sefton sits up in his bunk, looking at the electric cord.
text: The bulb is dark now.
speaker_heading: SCHULZ' VOICE
dialog: Out, out everybody!
text: Sefton looks off.
text: Schulz has come through the door and is herding them out.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: You must get out. For your own good,
dialog: you must get out.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Come on, everybody!
dialog: (pushing Joey)
dialog: Let's go!
text: Schulz has come up to Sefton.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: What's the matter with you? You want
dialog: to be killed?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Not particularly.
text: He picks up his leather jacket and moves toward the door
text: where the other P.O.W.s are crowding out.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: (to Stosh and Harry
dialog: who are lingering
dialog: behind)
dialog: Must you always be the last?
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Oh, yeah? You jump in those trenches
text: first and everybody jumps on top of
dialog: you!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: How do you think I got my hernia?
text: Price pushes them out. Dawdles at the door, closes it from
text: inside. He is alone with Schulz in the dark barrack.
text: Schulz has gone over to the chess board, has picked up the
text: black queen, opened it. There is no message. Price comes up
text: to him.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Nun? Was ist? Haben Sie's
dialog: herausgefunden?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Ich weiss alles.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Wie hat er's gemacht?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Ganz einfach... Streichhoelzer...
dialog: und eine Zigarette...
text: He takes a book of matches and puts a lighted cigarette in
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Passen Sie auf!
text: The "time bomb" goes off, lighting up their faces.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: Ach so!... ACH SO!
text: There is a broad grin on his face. Then he and Price move
text: out of the barrack, quickly. As they go out the door --
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: (calling off, with
dialog: phony efficiency)
dialog: Air raid! Air raid! Everybody in the
dialog: trenches!
text: Now the barrack is empty. Except for one thing: from behind
text: one of the rear bunks, Sefton steps out. He puts a cigar in
text: his mouth, lights it. There is a gleam in his eye.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Ach so-o-o-o!
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: END OF SEQUENCE "E"
speaker_heading: SEQUENCE "F"
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS 4 - (DAY)
text: The phonograph, on the center table, is playing: I Love You.
text: About a dozen P.O.W.s are dancing with each other, among
text: them, Triz, leading Harry, Blondie, leading a bearded P.O.W.
text: The whole thing is very elegant, with new guys cutting in,
text: politely. One of the P.O.W.s sings into a mike, consisting
text: of a stick stuck into a knothole in the table with a tin can
text: on top.
speaker_heading: COOKIE'S VOICE
dialog: So it got to be Christmas Day in
dialog: Stalag 17. As it turned out, it was
dialog: more like the Fourth of July -- with
dialog: all the fireworks that were to go
dialog: off all at once and bust the camp
text: wide open. It sure started off
text: innocently enough, with a party going
dialog: on in every barracks...
text: Sefton, propped up in his bunk, is watching the proceedings.
text: In back of him, against the window, sits Cookie. Sefton's
dialog: eyes never leave --
text: Price, who is near the phonograph with Pirelli and another
text: P.O.W. They are supplying a makeshift jazz accompaniment,
text: playing on a washboard, drumming on the table and strumming
text: a bass fiddle string attached to a bucket.
text: Sefton. There is a look of cynical amusement on his face as
text: he takes this in.
text: A P.O.W. tags Triz to cut in. Harry holds out his arms. He
text: is ready. But the P.O.W. dances off with Triz, leaving Harry
text: flat. Harry looks over to Stosh.
text: Stosh lies in his bunk, drinking what's left of the booze he
text: swiped from the distillery. He is staring at the pin-ups of
text: Grable pasted on the ceiling of his bunk.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Come on, Animal -- let's trip the
dialog: light fantastic!
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Let me alone.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You're crying, Animal.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: It's that song, Harry!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (seeing the pin-up)
dialog: You don't want to cry over a dame
dialog: that doesn't even know you're alive!
dialog: Snap out of it!
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: There's a time in every man's life
dialog: when he wants to be alone! So go
dialog: away!
text: He takes another swig and lets down the big pin-up so it
text: hangs a few inches in front of his eyes.
text: Harry turns away from Stosh, picks up a pilot cap, turns it
text: inside out so the yellow fur shows on top, puts it on. He
text: gets some straw out of a hole in a mattress and tucks it
text: under the cap like curls.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: All right, boys, who wants the Queen
dialog: of the May?
text: A P.O.W. drops his partner and dances Harry off.
text: Sefton, in his bunk, watching Price all the time.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Any cigars left, Cookie?
text: No answer from Cookie.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Come on, Cookie. Get me a cigar.
text: Cookie doesn't move.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: What's the matter? You on their team
dialog: now? You think I'm the guy?
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: I don't know anymore.
text: Sefton goes to the raided footlocker for a last tattered
dialog: cigar.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: I understand how you feel, Cookie.
dialog: It's sort of rough -- one American
text: squealing on other Americans. Then
dialog: again, Cookie -- maybe that stoolie's
dialog: not an American at all. Maybe he's a
dialog: German the Krauts planted in this
dialog: barracks. They do this type of thing.
dialog: Just put an agent in with us -- a
dialog: trained specialist. Lots of loose
text: information floating around a prison
dialog: camp. Not just whether somebody wants
dialog: to escape, but what outfits we were
dialog: with and where we were stationed,
dialog: and how our radar operates. Could
dialog: be, couldn't it?
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: In this barracks?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Why not? Just one of the boys. Sharing
dialog: our bunks. Eating our chow. Right in
dialog: amongst the ones that beat me up.
dialog: Except that he beat hardest.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: That's not the point, Cookie. The
dialog: point is what do you do with him?
dialog: You tip your mitt and the Jerries
dialog: pull him out of here and plant him
dialog: someplace else, like Stalag Sixteen
dialog: or Fifteen. Or you kill him off and
text: the Krauts turn around and kill off
dialog: the whole barracks. Every one of us.
dialog: So what do you do?
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Who is it?
text: Sefton doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: If you don't want to tell me, why
dialog: don't you tell Hoffy? Or Security?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Yeah. Security.
text: He just sits there, smoking and looking in the direction of --
text: Price at the middle table. Bagradian steps up to Price, who
text: is busy beating out the rhythm. The P.O.W. is no longer
dialog: singing.
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: Where's Hoffy? Why don't we get any
dialog: news about Dunbar?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Don't worry. He'll be all right.
speaker_heading: BAGRADIAN
dialog: I had to be the ham! I had to shoot
dialog: off my mouth!
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Forget it. He'll be back here. They've
dialog: got no proof.
text: Harry seats himself on the table, tossing his curls.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (to the rhythm boys)
dialog: Sweet and soft, boys. Beguile me.
text: Stosh in his bunk. He drains the booze from the jar, looks
text: out at the room through tear blurred eyes. He sees:
text: Harry sitting on the table, listening to the music. He is in
text: the identical pose Betty Grable has struck in the big pin-up
dialog: photo.
text: Stosh's eyes go back to the big pin-up photo. He looks back
dialog: at:
text: Harry. By now it is not Harry who is sitting there. It is
text: Betty Grable, or rather the pin-up photo superimposed in the
dialog: same size as Harry.
text: Stosh blinks his eyes. He stares some more. Delirious
text: happiness dawns on his face. He climbs out of his bunk and
text: walks toward Harry, in a trance.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Betty!... Betty!
text: He has reached the table, bows politely to Harry.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: May I have this dance, Miss?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Why, sure!
text: He climbs off the table. Stosh puts his arm around very
text: elegantly and dances him off.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Who would've ever thought I'd be
dialog: holding you in my arms?
text: A peculiar expression comes over Harry's face.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Pinch me, will you? Pinch me so I'll
dialog: know I'm not dreaming.
text: Harry reaches up and pinches him heartily on the cheek.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Thank you, darling!
text: Again, a reaction from Harry as they dance on. Stosh sings a
text: few bars of I Love You with the record. His cheek is very
text: close to Harry. He is lost in blissful romance.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Did anybody ever tell you you have
dialog: the most beautiful legs in the world?
text: Harry does a big take.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: But it's not just those legs. It's
dialog: that nose of yours I'm crazy about.
dialog: That cute little button of a nose!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (the situation begins
dialog: to seep through)
dialog: Hey, Animal! Animal!
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (sweeping on madly)
dialog: I've been crazy about you for years.
dialog: I've seen every picture you've ever
dialog: made six times. I'd just sit there
dialog: and never even open that popcorn
dialog: bag.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (breaking from him)
dialog: Animal! Animal! Wake up!
text: He starts slapping his face.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Betty! Betty!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (taking off his wig)
dialog: This is me, Animal! It's Harry
dialog: Shapiro!
text: Stosh stares at him. The truth dawns on him. He starts bawling
text: like a child.
text: Hoffy hurries in from the compound. He is followed by Duke,
dialog: Marko and The Crutch.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Cut that music! Cut it! Listen!
dialog: All turn.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: The S.S. Men are here to pick up
dialog: Dunbar. They're taking him to Berlin.
text: Looks like he's finished.
speaker_heading: DUKE
text: Only he ain't quite finished yet.
dialog: Blondie -- get that smudge pot. Tie
text: it to Steve's leg.
text: Blondie gets the can of smoke-powder and, as the scene
text: progresses, fastens it in The Crutch's empty pants' leg.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: I want everybody out of here. We'll
dialog: need a lot of commotion on the
dialog: compound.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: I'll get the men from the other
dialog: barracks.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: (to Hoffy)
dialog: You don't think you can snatch Dunbar?
dialog: Not from the S.S.?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: We're sure going to make a stab at
dialog: it. You, Price and Stosh and Harry
dialog: and Blondie -- be at the north
dialog: latrine. You'll all get your posts.
text: Now everybody start drifting out
dialog: with Marko.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: Easy, boys, easy. Disperse out there
dialog: nicely and always remember just
dialog: because the Krauts are dumb that
dialog: doesn't make them stupid.
text: The men start filing out through both doors quietly.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: (to Blondie)
dialog: Ready?
speaker_heading: BLONDIE
dialog: Roger.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: (to Price, Stosh,
dialog: Harry and Duke)
dialog: Okay. Move on.
text: The Crutch, Blondie, Harry and Stosh leave.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: I don't know what your scheme is,
dialog: but it sounds crazy.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Maybe it's crazy, but it's better
dialog: than having Dunbar dead.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Just as you say, Hoffy. But wouldn't
dialog: it be smarter if I went out and kept
dialog: Schulz tied up?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: (moving in)
dialog: I wouldn't worry about Schulz. I'd
dialog: worry about Sefton. Remember me? I'm
dialog: the stoolie.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: You ain't going to squeal this one,
dialog: brother.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: No? Aren't you a little afraid to
dialog: turn the stoolie loose on that
dialog: compound? For a tip-off like this,
dialog: you know what the Krauts would pay?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: You'll stay in this barracks and not
dialog: a peep out of you.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Okay, then. Put a guard on me. I
dialog: want you to put a guard on me. Because
dialog: if anything goes wrong out there,
dialog: this time you won't have a patsy.
dialog: Right?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: So who stays with me? Maybe Joey? No --
dialog: not Joey. Wouldn't you feel safer
dialog: with Security on the job?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Okay, Price. You stay.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: What about Schulz?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: We'll take care of Schulz.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Come on.
text: They all follow Hoffy out, leaving Price and Sefton.
text: They stand for a while looking at each other. From OFF come
text: some WEIRD NOTES on the ocarina.
text: Joey sits in his bunk, playing on his new sweet potato.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: That's the boy, Joey. Play us a little
dialog: something. What do you want to hear,
dialog: Price? Home On The Range? Or maybe a
dialog: little Wagner?
dialog: No answer from Price.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Or how about a game of pinochle? No,
dialog: you're not a pinochle man. You're a
dialog: chess player.
dialog: (moves to chess board)
dialog: I haven't played since I was a kid.
dialog: Let's see --
dialog: (maneuvers the white
dialog: pieces)
dialog: -- a pawn moves this way, doesn't
dialog: it? And a bishop this way? And the
dialog: queen -- every which way, doesn't
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Suppose you just sit down and keep
dialog: your mouth shut.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: (moving about)
dialog: I went to school with a guy named
dialog: Price. But that was in Boston. You're
dialog: from Cleveland, aren't you.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Yes, I'm from Cleveland.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: I thought that's what you said. You're
dialog: from Cleveland. And you were with
dialog: the Thirty-sixth Bomb Group?
speaker_heading: PRICE
text: Thirty-fifth.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Three hundred and sixty-fifth Bomb
dialog: Squadron? Out of Chelveston?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Are you questioning me?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Just getting acquainted. Trying to
dialog: make one friend in this barracks.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Don't bother, Sefton. I don't like
dialog: you. I never did and I never will.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: A lot of people say that and the
dialog: first thing you know is they get
text: married and live happily ever after.
dialog: (goes to window)
dialog: I wonder what they're trying to pull
dialog: out there?
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - (DAY)
text: Several hundred P.O.W.s are casually strolling about the
text: compound. The CAMERA MOVES TOWARDS the Administration Building
text: PAST an S.S. car parked on the roadway, with the motor
text: running. An S.S. driver stands at the car door. Harry and
text: Stosh stand by the car, inspecting it. CAMERA MOVES ON PAST
text: the flagpole, against which leans Duke, and ON TO the porch
text: of the Administration Building: there stands Hoffy, reading
text: the bulletin board. Only he isn't reading it. From one corner
text: of his eye he is peeking through the window into the
text: Kommandant's office. Suddenly he reacts to a movement inside.
text: Without turning, he gives the signal: he throws one end of
text: his muffler around his neck.
text: Duke, at the flagpole, gets it and throws his muffler around
text: his neck, thusly relaying the signal.
text: At the car, Harry follows suit.
text: Marko, leaning against the north latrine, catches the signal
text: and, still facing the compound, RAPS with his knuckles on
text: the wooden boards.
scene_heading: INT. NORTH LATRINE - (DAY)
text: The Crutch is sitting on the wash trough. On hearing the
text: RAPS, Bagradian pulls up The Crutch's loose pants' leg.
text: Blondie strikes a match and lights the fuse on the smudge
text: pot. Bagradian pulls down the pants' leg. They help The Crutch
text: off the wash trough and he hobbles out.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - (DAY)
text: The Crutch is slowly hobbling toward the car, a thin wisp of
text: smoke curling up from his pants' leg.
text: Out of the Administration Building emerge two S.S. Men,
text: leading Dunbar between them. Hoffy, standing at the bulletin
text: board, WHISTLES a few bars of the Air Force song. Dunbar
text: turns, sees Hoffy whistling. Hoffy doesn't look at him, but
text: Dunbar senses that something is in the wind. He walks on
text: between the S.S. Men. As he is being led toward the car,
text: still some thirty feet away, P.O.W.s crowd in to watch him.
text: The Crutch, hobbling on from the direction of the latrine,
text: is some twenty feet from the car.
text: Duke straightens up from the flagpole casually, and starts
text: sauntering toward the car.
text: The latrine. Blondie and Bagradian have moved out of the
text: latrine and stand there with Marko, watching the car.
text: Harry and Stosh at the car. Stosh tightening the belt of his
text: coat, Harry pulling the barracks cap tight on his head.
text: The driver of the car opens the door. The S.S. Men and Dunbar
text: are some eight feet away now.
text: The Crutch, hobbling past the car, releases a string and the
text: smudge pot drops as he moves on. He barely makes it. Almost
text: instantly, there is a belch of fire and smoke starts pouring
text: out of the smoke bomb.
text: The wind billows the smoke across the car, rapidly enveloping
text: the S.S. Men and Dunbar. There are German SHOUTS from within
text: the smoke cloud.
text: Duke, Harry, Stosh, Blondie, Bagradian, Marko and Hoffy move
text: into the smoke from all sides. All now is lost in smoke.
text: Just silhouettes of men rushing about. SHOUTS, German
text: commands, SOUNDS of scuffling. From OFF a siren starts to
text: sound. German guards come running from all corners of the
text: compound into the cloud.
text: In the goon towers, the guards wheel around their machine
text: guns, but don't dare to shoot into the smoke.
text: From the Administration Building storms von Scherbach,
text: followed by the two Lieutenants, Schulz and other guards.
text: They dash into the smoke cloud, which starts lifting.
scene_heading: THE COMPOUND - THROUGH THE WINDOW OF BARRACKS 4
text: The smoke cloud starts to clear. At the car, the two S.S.
text: Men and the driver stand with guns in their hands. Dunbar is
text: gone. The other P.O.W.s stand around innocently. Von Scherbach
text: is screaming his head off, but his words are not heard. CAMERA
text: PULLS BACK INTO Barracks 4, revealing Sefton and Price at
text: the window. Sefton turns from the window, a little smile on
text: his face.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Ach so!
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Amazing, what you can do with five
dialog: thousand ping-pong balls, isn't it?
text: Price is pacing. Joey starts tootling again.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: (to Joey)
dialog: Stop that, will you!
dialog: (to Sefton)
dialog: Those idiots! So they sprang Dunbar!
dialog: So what good is it? He's still in
dialog: the compound, isn't he? How long can
dialog: he last? Where can they hide him?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Where. Up Joey's ocarina. Didn't you
dialog: know?
text: Price looks at him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - (DAY)
text: All the P.O.W.s are formed into a line that serpentines toward
text: a desk set up on the porch of the Administration Building.
text: Light machine guns have been set up around them, the guards
text: watching carefully. Behind the desk sit the two German
text: Lieutenants, and in back of them stands Schulz. Every P.O.W.,
text: as he passes, is screened by the Lieutenants, then dogtags
text: and faces being checked against an index of cards and
text: photographs on the desk.
speaker_heading: COOKIE'S VOICE
dialog: Yeah? Where did we hide him? Nobody
dialog: knew that except Hoffy -- not one of
dialog: us -- and he wouldn't talk. It sure
dialog: drove the Krauts crazy looking for
dialog: Dunbar. They herded us all out into
dialog: the compound and put some extra
dialog: machine guns on us and gave us the
dialog: old picture check. You know, checking
dialog: our dogtags and our pans...
text: Pirelli, Blondie, Hoffy and Duke file by. The next in line
text: is Price, followed by Sefton. As Price is being checked, his
text: eyes meet Schulz's. Schulz looks at him inquisitively. The
text: only answer on Price's face for a split second is: "I don't
text: know". But he's got to watch himself as he is followed by
dialog: Sefton.
text: A barracks: Guards with dogs are searching under it.
text: Another barracks: German guards throw tear gas bombs into it
text: and close the doors.
text: The compound. All the P.O.W.s are now lined up in long lines
text: facing the Administration Building. Von Scherbach, standing
text: on the porch flanked by the S.S. Men, his Lieutenants and
text: Schulz, lets go with a tirade. THE CAMERA SWOOPS BACK from
text: his face over the lined-up P.O.W.s all the way to the south
text: latrine and UP AND OVER the water tank. As it now PANS INTO
text: the water tank, we see Dunbar. He is hiding in the water
text: tank, up to his knees in icy water. He is weak and drawn and
text: he has to hold on not to collapse.
speaker_heading: COOKIE'S VOICE
dialog: ...against their index file. They
text: searched under the barracks. They
dialog: searched the roofs. They even searched
text: the bathroom in the Kommandant's
text: office, but no Dunbar. Then they
text: tried to smoke him out, throwing
text: tear gas bombs into every barracks,
dialog: just in case he was hiding up in the
text: rafters. Then they made us stand for
text: six hours out there until finally
dialog: von Scherbach came out and gave us
dialog: his ultimatum: if Dunbar didn't come
dialog: out by next morning he'd raze the
dialog: whole lous; compound, stick by stick
dialog: and if we'd sleep in the mud for the
dialog: rest of our lives, that was okay by
dialog: him. I thought he'd bust his gut the
dialog: way he was screaming. He just couldn't
dialog: figure how a guy could disappear
dialog: from the compound and still be there,
dialog: but Dunbar was there all right. He
dialog: sure was there.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - (NIGHT)
text: From the goon towers lights are sweeping over the compound,
text: the dark barracks and the barbed wire fences.
speaker_heading: COOKIE'S VOICE
dialog: He was there for half the night, his
text: feet right in the icy water. That's
dialog: tough to take, especially when you
dialog: got three heated pools at home. It
dialog: took a lot of guts, the kind you'd
dialog: expect from a sergeant -- but a
dialog: lieutenant --!
scene_heading: WATER TANK - ABOVE THE LATRINE - (NIGHT)
text: Dunbar, exhausted, is clinging desperately to the ladder
text: inside the tank, his feet in the icy water. Over the tank
text: sweeps the light from a goon tower.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS 4 - (NIGHT)
text: The Hundefuehrer is leading his dogs past the dark barracks.
text: Not a sound from within.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS 4 - (NIGHT)
text: Blankets are hanging over the windows. On the center table
text: burns a margarine lamp. All the men from Barracks 4 are
text: gathered around the table. All except Joey and Sefton. In
text: the center of the table is one of the P.O.W.s' cap. The men,
text: one by one, are dropping their dogtags into it.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: (putting in his own
dialog: dogtag)
dialog: Let's have it understood men -- this
dialog: is going to be a rough deal. But we
dialog: have no choice. One of us must take
dialog: Dunbar out of the camp tonight. Right
dialog: away. We'll draw one dogtag and the
dialog: guy who goes with it does the job.
dialog: It's going to be rough because the
text: Krauts have put on extra guards and
dialog: they are expecting a move like this.
dialog: So if anyone wants to withdraw, he
dialog: better speak up now.
text: He looks around. Nobody moves.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Then we're all in on it?
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Everybody but Joey, and you know
dialog: who.
text: They shoot a look towards Sefton. Sefton stands leaning
text: against his bunk. He looks right back at them.
text: Back at the table.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (with irony)
dialog: Who's the lucky one?
text: He shakes the dogtags in the cap. Everyone crowds around,
text: tensely.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Let me do it, Hoffy.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: You want to go?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: No. I want to draw.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: All right.
dialog: (holding out cap)
dialog: Draw.
text: Harry closes his eyes, puts his hand deep into the cap and
text: picks out a tag. But before anybody can look at it, Price
text: closes his fist over it.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Suppose we call this my tag. I'll
dialog: take him out.
text: The men turn toward Price.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: No volunteers, Price. I said we're
dialog: all in on it.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: You have elected me Security. The
dialog: way things have been going in this
dialog: Barracks, I guess I've done a poor
dialog: job and I want to make up for it. Is
dialog: that asking too much?
text: Sefton, standing against the bunk, takes it in with a grim
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: We've all done a poor job of it.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: I still say this is my tag. Any
dialog: objections, Hoffy?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Any objections, men?
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: Not from me.
speaker_heading: TRIZ
dialog: He can have it.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (to Stosh)
dialog: Who are we to argue with a hero?
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: How about me latching on, Price?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Three's a crowd, especially if you've
dialog: got to cut your way through barbed
dialog: wire.
dialog: (hands Price wire
dialog: cutters)
dialog: Here's the wire cutters.
dialog: (to Blondie)
dialog: Are the civilian clothes ready?
speaker_heading: BLONDIE
dialog: (stuffing clothes
dialog: into duffel bag)
text: Coming up.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: (to Harry and Stosh)
dialog: Get going on the trap door.
text: They move to the old trap door and start unscrewing it. Price
text: goes to his bunk, Hoffy with him. Price starts putting on
text: his jacket.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: What do you say, Hoffy. We'll hit
text: the air raid trenches and cut out in
text: back of Barracks nine.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: You'd better cut out in back of the
text: south latrine.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Why the south latrine?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Because that's where he is. In the
dialog: water tank.
text: Price takes it smoothly.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Good spot. With any luck we'll make
dialog: Krems by morning, or maybe even catch
text: a barge to Linz.
text: Sefton, who has been watching closely, tosses two packs of
text: cigarettes on the table.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Two packs of cigarettes say Dunbar
text: never gets out of the compound.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: You starting that again?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Anybody cover?
text: They all look at him.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: (from the trap door)
dialog: Somebody step on that crumb!
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: We warned you, Sefton!
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Sure you warned me. You were going
dialog: to slit the throat of that stoolie.
text: He throws an open jack-knife onto the table. The blade sticks.
text: The knife quivers.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Here's the knife to do it with. Only
dialog: make sure you got the right throat.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: We're looking at it.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: (to Harry and Stosh)
dialog: Hurry up on that trap.
dialog: (to Sefton)
dialog: What are you trying to do, Sefton?
dialog: Gum up the works?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: That's right. Or would you rather
dialog: see Dunbar lying out there in the
dialog: mud tomorrow morning like Manfredi
dialog: and Johnson?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Look, Sefton, I had my hands full so
dialog: they wouldn't tear you apart --
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: I called it the last time, didn't I?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Are we going to stand around here
dialog: and listen to him until the Germans
dialog: find out where Dunbar is?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: The Germans know where Dunbar is.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: How do they know?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: You told them, Hoffy.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Who did?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: You did!
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: You off your rocker?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Uh-huh. Fell right on my head.
dialog: (confronting Price)
dialog: Sprechen sie deutsch?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: No. I don't sprechen sie deutsch.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Maybe just one word? Kaput? Because
dialog: you're kaput, Price.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Will you get this guy out of my hair
dialog: so I can go?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Go where? To the Kommandant's office
dialog: and tell him where Dunbar is?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: (starting for him)
dialog: I'll kill you for that!
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Shut up!
dialog: (slaps his face)
dialog: Security Officer, eh? Screening
dialog: everybody, only who screened you?
dialog: Great American hero. From Cleveland,
dialog: Ohio! Enlisted right after Pearl
dialog: Harbor! When was Pearl Harbor, Price?
dialog: Or, don't you know?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: December seventh, forty-one.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: What time?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Six o'clock. I was having dinner.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
text: Six o'clock in Berlin. They were
text: having lunch in Cleveland.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Am I boring you, boys?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: He's a Nazi, Price is. For all I
dialog: know, his name is Preismaier or
dialog: Preissinger. Sure, he lived in
dialog: Cleveland, but when the war broke
dialog: out he came back to the Fatherland
dialog: like a good little Bundist. He spoke
dialog: our lingo so they put him through
dialog: spy school, gave him phony dogtags --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: He's lying! He's just trying to get
dialog: himself off the hook!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (jabbing him)
dialog: Shut up, he said.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: You heard him.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Okay, Herr Preismaier, let's have
text: the mail box.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: The what?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: The one you took out of the corner
dialog: of your bunk and put in this pocket.
text: He snatches a black queen out of Price's coat pocket.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Now let me show you how they did it.
dialog: They did it by mail. That's right.
dialog: Little love notes between our Security
text: Officer and von Scherbach with Schulz
dialog: the mail man.
text: (ties up a loop in
dialog: the light cord)
dialog: Here's the flag.
dialog: (opening a black queen)
dialog: And here's the mail box.
text: (grins at Price, who
dialog: is sweating)
dialog: Cute, isn't it? They delivered the
dialog: mail or picked it up when we were
text: out of the barracks, like for Appell.
dialog: When there was a special delivery,
dialog: they'd pull a phony air raid to get
dialog: us out of here, like for instance,
dialog: last night.
dialog: (to Price again)
text: There wasn't a plane in the sky --
dialog: or was there, Price?
text: Price dives for the open trap door. He is caught by Duke. He
text: breaks away and flings himself at the window, tearing down
dialog: the blanket.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Hilfe!
text: He never gets the whole word out. Stosh and Harry jump him,
text: Stosh clamping his hand over his mouth. They throw him to
text: the floor and all duck as the light from the goon tower swoops
text: through the barracks.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - (NIGHT)
text: The Hundefuehrer, leading the dogs past Barracks Nine. The
text: dogs sense something, and bark. The Hundefuehrer looks around.
text: The dogs calm down and the Hundefuehrer goes on.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS 4 - (NIGHT)
text: Everybody is petrified. The barking dies down. Blondie and
text: Triz hang the blanket again.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: (indicating Price)
dialog: Gag him.
text: Two P.O.W.s move in and take over.
text: Duke moves up to Sefton.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Brother, were we all wet about you!
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: (putting a cigar butt
dialog: into his mouth)
dialog: Forget it.
text: He strikes a match on Duke's stubbled cheek and lights the
text: cigar. It doesn't hurt Duke a bit. He just stands there with
text: a broad grin.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: (indicating Price)
dialog: What are we going to do with him?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Don't you know? Because I got my own
dialog: ideas.
dialog: (to Blondie)
dialog: Let's have that civilian stuff.
text: Blondie gives him the barracks bag. Sefton opens it, takes
text: out a Tyrolean hat, puts it on. It is too small.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: I'll look pretty stupid in this,
dialog: yodelling my way over those Alps.
dialog: Now let's have the wire cutters.
text: Pirelli takes them out of Price's belt and gives them to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: You taking Dunbar?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: You betcha. There ought to be some
dialog: reward money from Mama. Say ten
dialog: thousand bucks worth.
text: He starts putting on his jacket and his cap, the eyes of
text: every P.O.W. in the barracks on him.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: I told you boys I'm no escape artist,
dialog: but for the first time, I like the
dialog: odds. Because now I got me a decoy.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: What's the decoy?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Price. When I go I want you to give
dialog: me five minutes. Exactly five minutes
dialog: to get Dunbar out of that water tank.
dialog: Then you throw Price out into the
dialog: compound, nice and loud. He'll draw
text: every light from every goon tower.
dialog: It's our only chance to cut through.
dialog: What do you say, Barracks' Chief?
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Shoot!
text: Price squirms.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: What's the matter, Price? You said
dialog: you were going to save Dunbar, didn't
dialog: you? So now, you're getting your
dialog: chance.
text: Sefton has picked up the barracks bag and the wire cutters
text: and moves toward the trap door.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: So long, Cookie. The department store
dialog: is all yours. What's left of it.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: So long, Sefton.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: You're not disposing of those Russian
dialog: broads?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Tell you what to do. First, get
dialog: yourself a hundred cigarettes for
dialog: the Kraut guards. Then get yourself
text: another face.
text: Harry laughs.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: You could use a new one yourself.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Let's synchronize the watches. Eleven
text: forty-two, sharp.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: (adjusting his)
dialog: Check.
text: He climbs down into the open trap. All the men crowd around
dialog: to say goodbye.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: One more word. If I ever run into
dialog: any of you bums on a street corner,
dialog: just let's pretend we never met
dialog: before. Understand?
text: He takes the cigar butt out of his mouth, puts it into Duke's
text: half-open mouth -- and goes. There is a moment of silence.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: This barracks will never be the same.
scene_heading: UNDERNEATH BARRACK 4 - (NIGHT)
text: Sefton is crawling cautiously in the direction of the latrine.
text: Behind him, the trap door is being fitted into the floor
dialog: again.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - (NIGHT)
text: Sefton has crawled to the edge of the barracks, waits for a
text: light to swoop by. Then he dashes into the latrine just in
text: time to evade another searchlight from a goon tower.
scene_heading: INT. LATRINE - (NIGHT)
text: Sefton recovers his breath, listens for a second, then climbs
text: up on the wash trough. He raps on the bottom of the water
dialog: tank.
scene_heading: INT. WATER TANK - (NIGHT)
text: Dunbar, utterly exhausted, is clinging to the ladder, his
text: legs submerged in the icy water. He hears the signal. There
text: is a flicker in his eyes. He hears another signal. With his
text: last strength, he climbs the ladder, waits for a light to
text: swoop by, then works himself over the top.
scene_heading: INT. LATRINE - (NIGHT)
text: Sefton has climbed on a beam above the wash trough. Dunbar's
text: legs come down, dripping wet. Sefton gets hold of them, then
text: as Dunbar lets go above, he takes his full weight and lowers
text: him to the wash trough. Dunbar lies there, gasping.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Shut off the moaning, or we'll have
dialog: the dogs on us. Shut it off,
dialog: Lieutenant. This is orders!
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
text: My legs are frozen.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: (rubbing his legs
dialog: down)
dialog: You'd better get that blue blood
dialog: circulating, because we're busting
dialog: out of this stink-hole in exactly --
dialog: (looks at watch)
text: -- one minute and twenty seconds.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: Sefton!
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: What did you expect, a St. Bernard
dialog: dog?
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: Not you.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: What some brandy?
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Who doesn't! Suppose we wait until
dialog: we hit the Waldorf Astoria.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: It's on me.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: You won't get off that cheap.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: What are the chances busting out of
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: (looking at his watch)
dialog: We'll know in forty seconds.
dialog: (then with a grin)
dialog: Only in a democracy can a poor guy
text: get his keister shot off with a rich
dialog: guy.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS 4 - (NIGHT)
text: Hoffy stands looking at his watch. Blondie is crossing with
text: the breadknife in his hand towards the door. Stosh and Duke
text: hold the gagged Price down on the bunk. Harry has strung
text: together some five old cans.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (to the bearded P.O.W.)
text: Hold his leg.
text: The P.O.W. sits on Price's leg. Harry starts tying the tin
text: cans to his ankle.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (to Price)
dialog: Just in case your Kameraden are hard
dialog: of hearing.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Fifteen seconds. Get him up.
text: Stosh and Duke pull Price up off the bunk and move him to
text: the door. He struggles and squirms.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Stop shaking, Price. There'll be no
dialog: pardon from no governor.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: (to Price)
dialog: Funny, ain't it? In your own Vaterland --
dialog: by your own Soldaten!
dialog: (to Stosh)
dialog: The kid's got no sense of humor.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: What's the matter with you, Security?
dialog: You were always so calm. Especially
dialog: when you let Manfredi and Johnson go
dialog: out there.
dialog: (to Blondie)
dialog: Open the hatch.
text: Blondie has inserted the breadknife in the crack of the door.
text: He now whips up the knife with a sharp movement.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS 4 - (NIGHT)
text: The bar across the door swivels up. The door is flung open
text: from inside. Duke and Stosh hold Price. Hoffy tears the gag
text: off his mouth.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: Let 'er go!
text: Duke and Stosh have lifted Price with all their might, and
text: give him a terrific heave. As Price comes flying out into
text: the compound, the tin cans clattering, the door is slammed
dialog: shut.
text: A light from a goon tower swings sharply to Price and holds
text: him in its beam. A burst of machine gun fire splatters around
text: him. He scrambles to his feet, screaming.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Schiesst nicht! Schiesst nicht! Ich
dialog: bin ein Deutscher!
text: His words are drowned out by more machine gun fire. He tries
text: to run back towards his barracks, but is cut off by another
text: beam and more machine gun fire from another goon tower. He
text: runs madly into the dark compound, the tin cans clattering
text: behind him -- lights from all the goon towers searching for
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. LATRINE - (NIGHT)
text: Sefton and Dunbar stand at the door of the latrine,
text: searchlights swinging in arcs toward the compound. Sefton
text: holds the wire-cutters in his hand. There is the clatter of
text: the tin cans and machine gun fire, and Price's desperate
text: screams, "Nicht schiessen! Nicht schiessen!".
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Now!
text: They duck out.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - (NIGHT)
text: Sefton and Dunbar dash across the short stretch to the barbed
text: wire. They fall on their faces at the wire and Sefton starts
dialog: cutting.
text: Price. A machine gun bullet has struck him in the shoulder.
text: He desperately tries to evade the relentless light beams. He
text: manages to tear off the tin cans, runs on towards the
text: Administration Building. A couple of more bullets hit him.
text: He falls face down into the mud. All the lights converge on
text: him and the machine guns sputter away.
speaker_heading: BARBED WIRE - (NIGHT)
text: Sefton is just cutting through the outer fence. In back of
text: him, Dunbar patches the cut wire of the inner fence. Beyond
text: them, all the lights play on the body of Price. The machine
text: guns are no longer shooting, but there are whistles and a
text: siren. The barking dogs tear into Price's body.
text: Sefton and Dunbar crawl through the outer wire and pause to
dialog: patch it up hastily.
speaker_heading: SEFTON
dialog: Let's blow, Chauncey.
speaker_heading: DUNBAR
dialog: Let's!
text: They get to their feet and scramble off into the forest.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - (NIGHT)
text: Von Scherbach comes striding out of the Administration
text: Building followed by a Lieutenant, the two S.S. Men and
text: Schulz. He wades cockily through the mud with his beautiful
text: boots towards the body on the ground. The Hundefueher calls
text: off his dogs. The other guards step back. With his boot, von
text: Scherbach flips the body over. The lights from the goon towers
text: play on the muddy face of Price. They all stand there stunned.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS 4 - (NIGHT)
text: The lamps are being put out; the blankets being pulled down
dialog: by the P.O.W.s.
speaker_heading: HOFFY
dialog: All right, men. Everybody back in
text: their bunks like nothing happened.
text: They climb into their bunks. All is still.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: (puffing Sefton's
dialog: cigar)
dialog: What do you know? The crud did it.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I'd like to know what made him do
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: STOSH
dialog: Maybe he just wanted to steal our
dialog: wire cutters. Ever think of that?
text: Cookie, in his bunk, a broad smile on his face, starts
text: whistling softly: When Johnny Comes Marching Home. Beyond
text: him lie all the P.O.W.s in the barracks, their hearts beating,
text: their eyes wide open.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - (NIGHT)
text: Sefton and Dunbar climb swiftly up a hill through the trees.
text: Dunbar's arm is over Sefton's shoulder as they march. OVER
text: THIS, Cookie's whistling of Johnny Comes Marching Home --
text: gradually augmented by drums and then an orchestra. Sefton
text: and Dunbar march on, in time to the music.
text: SUPERIMPOSED BEYOND THEM appear the other P.O.W.s from Stalag
text: 17, their spirits marching with them through the forest. Way
text: in front, Stosh in his underwear, waving a makeshift flag.
text: Then comes Harry. Then Cookie. Then Triz and Blondie. Then
text: Joey, playing his ocarina in tune with the march, a smile on
text: his face. And Marko and The Crutch. Then Hoffy and Duke, and
dialog: all the others we have grown to know. All waving their
text: pathetic flags: towels, blankets and torn shirts. All marching
text: to freedom and home, marching with Sefton and Dunbar. As the
text: MUSIC SWELLS to a crescendo --
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
