dialog: 
speaker_heading: STAR WARS
dialog: Episode IV
speaker_heading: A NEW HOPE
dialog: From the
scene_heading: JOURNAL OF THE WHILLS
dialog: by
dialog: George Lucas
dialog: Revised Fourth Draft
dialog: January 15, 1976
speaker_heading: LUCASFILM LTD.
dialog: 
dialog: A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far, away...
text: A vast sea of stars serves as the backdrop for the main title.
text: War drums echo through the heavens as a rollup slowly crawls
text: into infinity.
text: It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships,
text: striking from a hidden base, have won their first
text: victory against the evil Galactic Empire.
text: During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal
text: secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon, the
text: Death Star, an armored space station with enough
dialog: power to destroy an entire planet.
text: Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess
text: Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of
text: the stolen plans that can save her people and
dialog: restore freedom to the galaxy...
text: The awesome yellow planet of Tatooine emerges from a total
text: eclipse, her two moons glowing against the darkness. A tiny
text: silver spacecraft, a Rebel Blockade Runner firing lasers
text: from the back of the ship, races through space. It is pursed
text: by a giant Imperial Stardestroyer. Hundreds of deadly
text: laserbolts streak from the Imperial Stardestroyer, causing
text: the main solar fin of the Rebel craft to disintegrate.
scene_heading: INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - MAIN PASSAGEWAY
text: An explosion rocks the ship as two robots, Artoo-Detoo (R2-
text: D2) and See-Threepio (C-3PO) struggle to make their way
text: through the shaking, bouncing passageway. Both robots are
text: old and battered. Artoo is a short, claw-armed tripod. His
text: face is a mass of computer lights surrounding a radar eye.
text: Threepio, on the other hand, is a tall, slender robot of
text: human proportions. He has a gleaming bronze-like metallic
text: surface of an Art Deco design.
text: Another blast shakes them as they struggle along their way.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Did you hear that? They've shut down
dialog: the main reactor. We'll be destroyed
dialog: for sure. This is madness!
text: Rebel troopers rush past the robots and take up positions in
text: the main passageway. They aim their weapons toward the door.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: We're doomed!
text: The little R2 unit makes a series of electronic sounds that
dialog: only another robot could understand.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: There'll be no escape for the Princess
dialog: this time.
text: Artoo continues making beeping sounds. Tension mounts as
text: loud metallic latches clank and the scream of heavy equipment
text: are heard moving around the outside hull of the ship.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: What's that?
scene_heading: EXT. SPACECRAFT IN SPACE
text: The Imperial craft has easily overtaken the Rebel Blockade
text: Runner. The smaller Rebel ship is being drawn into the
text: underside dock of the giant Imperial starship.
scene_heading: INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER
text: The nervous Rebel troopers aim their weapons. Suddenly a
text: tremendous blast opens up a hole in the main passageway and
text: a score of fearsome armored spacesuited stormtroopers make
text: their way into the smoke-filled corridor.
text: In a few minutes the entire passageway is ablaze with
text: laserfire. The deadly bolts ricochet in wild random patterns
text: creating huge explosions. Stormtroopers scatter and duck
text: behind storage lockers. Laserbolts hit several Rebel soldiers
text: who scream and stagger through the smoke, holding shattered
text: arms and faces.
text: An explosion hits near the robots.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: I should have known better than to
dialog: trust the logic of a half-sized
dialog: thermocapsulary dehousing assister...
text: Artoo counters with an angry rebuttal as the battle rages
text: around the two hapless robots.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT WASTELAND - DAY
text: A death-white wasteland stretches from horizon to horizon.
text: The tremendous heat of two huge twin suns settle on a lone
text: figure, Luke Skywalker, a farm boy with heroic aspirations
text: who looks much younger than his eighteen years. His shaggy
text: hair and baggy tunic give him the air of a simple but lovable
text: lad with a prize-winning smile.
text: A light wind whips at him as he adjusts several valves on a
text: large battered moisture vaporator which sticks out of the
text: desert floor much like an oil pipe with valves. He is aided
text: by a beatup tread-robot with six claw arms. The little robot
text: appears to be barely functioning and moves with jerky motions.
text: A bright sparkle in the morning sky catches Luke's eye and
text: he instinctively grabs a pair of electrobinoculars from his
text: utility belt. He stands transfixed for a few moments studying
text: the heavens, then dashed toward his dented, crudely repaired
text: Landspeeder (an auto-like transport that travels a few feet
text: above the ground on a magnetic-field). He motions for the
text: tiny robot to follow him.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hurry up! Come with me! What are you
dialog: waiting for?! Get in gear!
text: The robot scoots around in a tight circle, stops short, and
text: smoke begins to pour out of every joint. Luke throws his
text: arms up in disgust. Exasperated, the young farm boy jumps
text: into his Landspeeder leaving the smoldering robot to hum
text: madly.
scene_heading: INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - MAIN HALLWAY
text: The awesome, seven-foot-tall Dark Lord of the Sith makes his
text: way into the blinding light of the main passageway. This is
text: Darth Vader, right hand of the Emperor. His face is obscured
text: by his flowing black robes and grotesque breath mask, which
text: stands out next to the fascist white armored suits of the
text: Imperial stormtroopers. Everyone instinctively backs away
text: from the imposing warrior and a deathly quiet sweeps through
text: the Rebel troops. Several of the Rebel troops break and run
text: in a frenzied panic.
scene_heading: INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER
text: A woman's hand puts a card into an opening in Artoo's dome.
text: Artoo makes beeping sounds.
scene_heading: INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER
text: Threepio stands in a hallway, somewhat bewildered. Artoo is
text: nowhere in sight. The pitiful screams of the doomed Rebel
text: soldiers can be heard in the distance.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Artoo! Artoo-Detoo, where are you?
text: A familiar clanking sound attacks Threepio's attention and
text: he spots little Artoo at the end of the hallway in a smoke-
text: filled alcove. A beautiful young girl (about sixteen years
text: old) stands in front of Artoo. Surreal and out of place,
text: dreamlike and half hidden in the smoke, she finishes adjusting
text: something on Artoo's computer face, then watches as the little
text: robot joins his companion.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: At last! Where have you been?
text: Stormtroopers can be heard battling in the distance.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: They're heading in this direction.
dialog: What are we going to do? We'll be
dialog: sent to the spice mine of Kessel or
dialog: smashed into who knows what!
text: Artoo scoots past his bronze friend and races down the
text: subhallway. Threepio chases after him.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Wait a minute, where are you going?
text: Artoo responds with electronic beeps.
scene_heading: INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - CORRIDOR
text: The evil Darth Vader stands amid the broken and twisted bodies
text: of his foes. He grabs a wounded Rebel Officer by the neck as
text: an Imperial Officer rushes up to the Dark Lord.
speaker_heading: IMPERIAL OFFICER
dialog: The Death Star plans are not in the
text: main computer.
text: Vader squeezes the neck of the Rebel Officer, who struggles
dialog: in vain.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: Where are those transmissions you
dialog: intercepted?
text: Vader lifts the Rebel off his feet by his throat.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: What have you done with those plans?
speaker_heading: REBEL OFFICER
dialog: We intercepted no transmissions.
dialog: Aaah... This is a consular ship.
dialog: Were on a diplomatic mission.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: If this is a consular ship... were
dialog: is the Ambassador?
text: The Rebel refuses to speak but eventually cries out as the
text: Dark Lord begins to squeeze the officer's throat, creating a
text: gruesome snapping and choking, until the soldier goes limp.
text: Vader tosses the dead soldier against the wall and turns to
dialog: his troops.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: Commander, tear this ship apart until
dialog: you've found those plans and bring
dialog: me the Ambassador. I want her alive!
text: The stormtroopers scurry into the subhallways.
scene_heading: INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - SUBHALLWAY
text: The lovely young girl huddles in a small alcove as the
text: stormtroopers search through the ship. She is Princess Leia
text: Organa, a member of the Alderaan Senate. The fear in her
text: eyes slowly gives way to anger as the muted crushing sounds
text: of the approaching stormtroopers grow louder. One of the
text: troopers spots her.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: There she is! Set for stun!
text: Leia steps from her hiding place and blasts a trooper with
text: her laser pistol. She starts to run but is felled by a
text: paralyzing ray. The troopers inspect her inert body.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: She'll be all right. Inform Lord
dialog: Vader we have a prisoner.
scene_heading: INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - SUBHALLWAY
text: Artoo stops before the small hatch of an emergency lifepod.
text: He snaps the seal on the main latch and a red warning light
text: begins to flash. The stubby astro-robot works his way into
text: the cramped four-man pod.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Hey, you're not permitted in there.
dialog: It's restricted. You'll be deactivated
dialog: for sure..
text: Artoo beeps something to him.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Don't call me a mindless philosopher,
dialog: you overweight glob of grease! Now
dialog: come out before somebody sees you.
text: Artoo whistles something at his reluctant friend regarding
text: the mission he is about to perform.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Secret mission? What plans? What are
dialog: you talking about? I'm not getting
dialog: in there!
text: Artoo isn't happy with Threepio's stubbornness, and he beeps
text: and twangs angrily.
text: A new explosion, this time very close, sends dust and debris
text: through the narrow subhallway. Flames lick at Threepio and,
text: after a flurry of electronic swearing from Artoo, the lanky
text: robot jumps into the lifepod.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: I'm going to regret this.
scene_heading: INT. IMPERIAL STARDESTROYER
text: On the main viewscreen, the lifepod carrying the two terrified
text: robots speeds away from the stricken Rebel spacecraft.
speaker_heading: CHIEF PILOT
dialog: There goes another one.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Hold your fire. There are no life
dialog: forms. It must have been short-
dialog: circuited.
scene_heading: INT. LIFEPOD
text: Artoo and Threepio look out at the receding Imperial starship.
text: Stars circle as the pod rotates through the galaxy.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: That's funny, the damage doesn't
dialog: look as bad from out here.
text: Artoo beeps an assuring response.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Are you sure this things safe?
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - ANCHORHEAD SETTLEMENT - POWER STATION - DAY
text: Heat waves radiate from the dozen or so bleached white
text: buildings. Luke pilots his Landspeeder through the dusty
text: empty street of the tiny settlement. An old woman runs to
text: get out of the way of the speeding vehicle, shaking her fist
text: at Luke as he flies past.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I've told you kids to slow down!
scene_heading: INT. POWER STATION - DAY
text: Luke bursts into the power station, waking The Fixer, a rugged
text: mechanic and Camie, a sexy, disheveled girl who has been
text: asleep in his lap. They grumbled as he races through the
text: office, yelling wildly.
speaker_heading: FIXER
text: Did I hear a young noise blast through
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: CAMIE
text: It was just wormie on another rampage.
text: Luke bounces into a small room behind the office where Deak
text: and Windy, two tough boys about the same age as Luke, are
text: playing a computer pool-like game with Biggs, a burly,
text: handsome boy a few years older than the rest. His flashy
text: city attire is a sharp contrast to the loose-fitting tunics
text: of the farm boys. A robot repairs some equipment in the
dialog: background.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Shape it up you guys!... Biggs?
text: Luke's surprise at the appearance of Biggs gives way to great
text: joy and emotion. They give each other a great bear hug.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I didn't know you were back! When
dialog: did you get in?
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Just now. I wanted to surprise you,
dialog: hot shot. I thought you'd be here...
dialog: certainly didn't expect you to be
text: out working.
dialog: (he laughs)
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: The Academy didn't change you
dialog: much...but you're back so soon? Hey,
dialog: what happened, didn't you get your
dialog: commission?
text: Biggs has an air of cool that seems slightly phony.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Of course I got it. Signed aboard
dialog: The Rand Ecliptic last week. First
dialog: mate Biggs Darklighter at your
dialog: service...
dialog: (he salutes)
dialog: ...I just came to say good-bye to
dialog: all you unfortunate landlocked
dialog: simpletons.
text: Everyone laughs. The dazzling spectacle of his dashing friend
text: is almost too much for Luke, but suddenly he snaps out of
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I almost forgot. There's a battle
dialog: going on! Right here in our system.
dialog: Come and look!
speaker_heading: DEAK
dialog: Not again! Forget it.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - ANCHORHEAD - SETTLEMENT - POWER STATION -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: The group stumbles out into the stifling desert sun. Camie
text: and The Fixer complain and are forced to shade their eyes.
text: Luke has his binoculars out scanning the heavens.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: There they are!
text: Biggs takes the binoculars from Luke as the others strain to
text: see something with the naked eye. Through the binoculars
text: Biggs sees two small silver specks.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: That's no battle, hot shot... they're
dialog: just sitting there! Probably a
text: freighter-tanker refueling.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: But there was a lot of firing
dialog: earlier...
text: Camie grabs the binoculars away banging them against the
text: building in the process. Luke grabs them.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey, easy with those...
speaker_heading: CAMIE
dialog: Don't worry about it, Wormie.
text: The Fixer gives Luke a hard look and the young farm boy shrugs
text: his shoulders in resignation.
speaker_heading: FIXER
dialog: I keep telling you, the Rebellion is
dialog: a long way from here. I doubt if the
dialog: Empire would even fight to keep this
dialog: system. Believe me Luke, this planet
dialog: is a big hunk of nothing...
text: Luke agrees, although it's obvious he isn't sure why. The
text: group stumbles back into the power station, grumbling about
dialog: Luke's ineptitude.
scene_heading: INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - HALLWAY
text: Princess Leia is led down a low-ceilinged hallway by a squad
text: of armored stormtroopers. Her hands are bound and she is
text: brutally shoved when she is unable to keep up with the briskly
text: marching troops. They stop in a smoky hallway as Darth Vader
text: emerges from the shadows. The sinister Dark Lord stares hard
text: at the frail young senator, but she doesn't move.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Lord Vader, I should have known.
dialog: Only you could be so bold. The
dialog: Imperial Senate will not sit for
dialog: this, when they hear you've attacked
dialog: a diplomatic...
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: Don't play games with me, Your
dialog: Highness. You weren't on any mercy
dialog: mission this time. You passed directly
text: through a restricted system. Several
dialog: transmissions were beamed to this
dialog: ship by Rebel spies. I want to know
dialog: what happened to the plans they sent
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: I don't know what you're talking
dialog: about. I'm a member of the Imperial
dialog: Senate on a diplomatic mission to
dialog: Alderaan...
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: You're a part of the Rebel Alliance...
dialog: and a traitor. Take her away!
text: Leia is marched away down the hallway and into the smoldering
text: hole blasted in the side of the ship. An Imperial Commander
text: turns to Vader.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: Holding her is dangerous. If word of
dialog: this gets out, it could generate
dialog: sympathy for the Rebellion in the
dialog: senate.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: I have traced the Rebel spies to
dialog: her. Now she is my only link to find
dialog: their secret base!
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: She'll die before she tells you
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: Leave that to me. Send a distress
dialog: signal and then inform the senate
dialog: that all aboard were killed!
text: Another Imperial Officer approaches Vader and the Commander.
text: They stop and snap to attention.
speaker_heading: SECOND OFFICER
text: Lord Vader, the battle station plans
dialog: are not aboard this ship! And no
text: transmissions were made. An escape
dialog: pod was jettisoned during the
dialog: fighting, but no life forms were
dialog: aboard.
text: Vader turns to the Commander.
speaker_heading: VADER
text: She must have hidden the plans in
text: the escape pod. Send a detachment
dialog: down to retrieve them. See to it
dialog: personally, Commander. There'll be
dialog: no one to stop us this time.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: The Imperial Stardestroyer comes over the surface of the
text: planet Tatooine.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT
text: Jundland, or "No Man's Land", where the rugged desert mesas
text: meet the foreboding dune sea. The two helpless astro-droids
text: kick up clouds of sand as they leave the lifepod and clumsily
text: work their way across the desert wasteland. The lifepod in
text: the distance rests half buried in the sand.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: How did I get into this mess? I really
dialog: don't know how. We seem to be made
dialog: to suffer. It's our lot in life.
text: Artoo answers with beeping sounds.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: I've got to rest before I fall apart.
dialog: My joints are almost frozen.
text: Artoo continues to respond with beeping sounds.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: What a desolate place this is.
text: Suddenly Artoo whistles, makes a sharp right turn and starts
text: off in the direction of the rocky desert mesas. Threepio
text: stops and yells at him.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Where are you going?
text: A stream of electronic noises pours forth from the small
dialog: robot.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Well, I'm not going that way. It's
dialog: much too rocky. This way is much
dialog: easier.
text: Artoo counters with a long whistle.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: What makes you think there are
dialog: settlements over there?
text: Artoo continues to make beeping sounds.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Don't get technical with me.
text: Artoo continues to make beeping sounds.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: What mission? What are you talking
dialog: about? I've had just about enough of
dialog: you! Go that way! You'll be
dialog: malfunctioning within a day, you
dialog: nearsighted scrap pile!
text: Threepio gives the little robot a kick and starts off in the
text: direction of the vast dune sea.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: And don't let me catch you following
dialog: me begging for help, because you
dialog: won't get it.
text: Artoo's reply is a rather rude sound. He turns and trudges
text: off in the direction of the towering mesas.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: No more adventures. I'm not going
dialog: that way.
text: Artoo beeps to himself as he makes his way toward the distant
dialog: mountains.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - DUNE SEA
text: Threepio, hot and tired, struggles up over the ridge of a
text: dune; only to find more dunes, which seem to go on for endless
text: miles. He looks back in the direction of the now distant
text: rock mesas.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: That malfunctioning little twerp.
dialog: This is all his fault! He tricked me
dialog: into going this way, but he'll do no
dialog: better.
text: In a huff of anger and frustration, Threepio knocks the sand
text: from his joints. His plight seems hopeless, when a glint of
text: reflected light in the distance reveals an object moving
text: towards him.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Wait, what's that? A transport! I'm
dialog: saved!
text: The bronze android waves frantically and yells at the
text: approaching transport.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Over here! Help! Please, help!
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - ANCHORHEAD SETTLEMENT - POWER STATION - DAY
text: Luke and Biggs are walking and drinking a malt brew. Fixer
text: and the others can be heard working inside.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (Very animated)
dialog: ...so I cut off my power, shut down
text: the afterburners and came in low on
dialog: Deak's trail. I was so close I thought
dialog: I was going to fry my instruments.
dialog: As it was I busted up the Skyhopper
dialog: pretty bad. Uncle Owen was pretty
dialog: upset. He grounded me for the rest
dialog: of the season. You should have been
dialog: there... it was fantastic.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: You ought to take it easy Luke. You
dialog: may be the hottest bushpilot this
dialog: side of Mos Eisley, but those little
dialog: Skyhoppers are dangerous. Keep it
dialog: up, and one day, whammo, you're going
dialog: to be nothing more than a dark spot
text: on the down side of a canyon wall.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Look who's talking. Now that you've
dialog: been around those giant starships
dialog: you're beginning to sound like my
dialog: uncle. You've gotten soft in the
dialog: city...
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: I've missed you kid.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, things haven't been the same
dialog: since you left, Biggs. It's been
dialog: so... quiet.
text: Biggs looks around then leans close to Luke.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Luke, I didn't come back just to say
dialog: good-bye... I shouldn't tell you
dialog: this, but you're the only one I can
dialog: trust... and if I don't come back, I
dialog: want somebody to know.
text: Luke's eyes are wide with Biggs' seriousness and loyalty.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: I made some friends at the Academy.
dialog: (he whispers)
dialog: ...when our frigate goes to one of
dialog: the central systems, we're going to
dialog: jump ship and join the Alliance...
text: Luke, amazed and stunned, is almost speechless.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Join the Rebellion?! Are you kidding!
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Quiet down will ya! You got a mouth
text: bigger than a meteor crater!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm sorry. I'm quiet.
dialog: (he whispers)
dialog: Listen how quiet I am. You can barely
dialog: hear me...
text: Biggs shakes his head angrily and then continues.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: My friend has a friend on Bestine
dialog: who might help us make contact.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You're crazy! You could wander around
text: forever trying to find them.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: I know it's a long shot, but if I
dialog: don't find them I'll do what I can
dialog: on my own... It's what we always
dialog: talked about. Luke, I'm not going to
dialog: wait for the Empire to draft me into
dialog: service. The Rebellion is spreading
dialog: and I want to be on the right side --
dialog: the side I believe in.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: And I'm stuck here...
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: I thought you were going to the
dialog: Academy next term. You'll get your
dialog: chance to get off this rock.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Not likely! I had to cancel my
dialog: application. There has been a lot of
dialog: unrest among the Sandpeople since
dialog: you left... they've even raided the
text: outskirts of Anchorhead.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Your uncle could hold off a whole
text: colony of Sandpeople with one blaster.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I know, but he's got enough vaporators
dialog: going to make the place pay off. He
dialog: needs me for just one more season. I
dialog: can't leave him now.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: I feel for you, Luke, you're going
dialog: to have to learn what seems to be
dialog: important or what really is important.
dialog: What good is all your uncle's work
dialog: if it's taken over by the Empire?...
dialog: You know they're starting to
dialog: nationalize commerce in the central
dialog: systems... it won't be long before
dialog: your uncle is merely a tenant, slaving
dialog: for the greater glory of the Empire.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It couldn't happen here. You said it
dialog: yourself. The Empire won't bother
dialog: with this rock.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Things always change.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I wish I was going... Are you going
dialog: to be around long?
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: No, I'm leaving in the morning...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Then I guess I won't see you.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Maybe someday... I'll keep a lookout.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, I'll be at the Academy next
dialog: season... after that who knows. I
dialog: won't be drafted into the Imperial
dialog: Starfleet that's for sure... Take
dialog: care of yourself, you'll always be
dialog: the best friend I've got.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: So long, Luke.
text: Biggs turns away from his old friend and heads towards the
dialog: power station.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - SUNSET
text: The gargantuan rock formations are shrouded in a strange
text: foreboding mist and the onimous sounds of unearthly creatures
text: fill the air. Artoo moves cautiously through the creepy rock
text: canyon, inadvertently making a loud clicking noise as he
text: goes. He hears a distant, hard, metallic sound and stops for
text: a moment. Convinced he is alone, he continues on his way.
text: In the distance, a pebble tumbles down the steep canyon wall
text: and a small dark figure darts into the shadows. A little
text: further up the canyon a slight flicker of light reveals a
text: pair of eyes in the dark recesses only a few feet from the
text: narrow path.
text: The unsuspecting robot waddles along the rugged trail until
text: suddenly, out of nowhere, a powerful magnetic ray shoots out
text: of the rocks and engulfs him in an eerie glow. He manages
text: one short electronic squeak before he topples over onto his
text: back. His bright computer lights flicker off, then on, then
text: off again. Out of the rocks scurry three Jawas, no taller
text: than Artoo. They holster strange and complex weapons as they
text: cautiously approach the robot. They wear grubby cloaks and
text: their faces are shrouded so only their glowing eyes can be
text: seen. They hiss and make odd guttural sounds as they heave
text: the heavy robot onto their shoulders and carry him off down
dialog: the trail.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - SANDCRAWLER - SUNSET
text: The eight Jawas carry Artoo out of the canyon to a huge tank-
text: like vehicle the size of a four-story house. They weld a
text: small disk on the side of Artoo and then put him under a
text: large tube on the side of the vehicle and the little robot
text: is sucked into the giant machine.
text: The filthy little Jawas scurry like rats up small ladders
text: and enter the main cabin of the behemoth transport.
scene_heading: INT. SANDCRAWLER - HOLD AREA
text: It is dim inside the hold area of the Sandcrawler. Artoo
text: switches on a small floodlight on his forehead and stumbles
text: around the scrap heap. The narrow beam swings across rusty
text: metal rocket parts and an array of grotesquely twisted and
text: maimed astro-robots. He lets out a pathetic electronic whimper
text: and stumbles off toward what appears to be a door at the end
dialog: of the chamber.
scene_heading: INT. SANDCRAWLER - PRISON AREA
text: Artoo enters a wide room with a four-foot ceiling. In the
text: middle of the scrap heap sit a dozen or so robots of various
text: shapes and sizes. Some are engaged in electronic conversation,
text: while others simply mill about. A voice of recognition calls
text: out from the gloom.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Artoo-Detoo! It's you! It's you!
text: A battered Threepio scrambles up to Artoo and embraces him.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - SANDCRAWLER - SUNSET
text: The enormous Sandcrawler lumbers off toward the magnificent
text: twin suns, which are slowly setting over a distant mountain
dialog: ridge.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - DAY
text: Four Imperial stormtroopers mill about in front of the half-
text: buried lifepod that brought Artoo and Threepio to Tatooine.
text: A trooper yells to an officer some distance away.
speaker_heading: FIRST TROOPER
text: Someone was in the pod. The tracks
dialog: go off in this direction.
text: A second trooper picks a small bit of metal out of the sand
text: and gives it to the first trooper.
speaker_heading: SECOND TROOPER
dialog: Look, sir -- droids.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - DUNES
text: The Sandcrawler moves slowly down a great sand dune.
scene_heading: INT. SANDCRAWLER
text: Threepio and Artoo noisily bounce along inside the cramped
text: prison chamber. Artoo appears to be shut off.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Wake up! Wake up!
text: Suddenly the shaking and bouncing of the Sandcrawler stops,
text: creating quite a commotion among the mechanical men.
text: Threepio's fist bangs the head of Artoo whose computer lights
text: pop on as he begins beeping. At the far end of the long
text: chamber a hatch opens, filling the chamber with blinding
text: white light. a dozen or so Jawas make their way through the
text: odd assortment of robots.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: We're doomed.
text: A Jawa starts moving toward them.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Do you think they'll melt us down?
text: Artoo responds, making beeping sounds.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Don't shoot! Don't shoot! Will this
dialog: never end?
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - LARS HOMESTEAD - AFTERNOON
text: The Jawas mutter gibberish as they busily line up their
text: battered captives, including Artoo and Threepio, in front of
text: the enormous Sandcrawler, which is parked beside a small
text: homestead consisting of three large holes in the ground
text: surrounded by several tall moisture vaporators and one small
text: adobe block house.
text: The Jawas scurry around fussing over the robots, straightening
text: them up or brushing some dust from a dented metallic elbow.
text: The shrouded little creatures smell horribly, attracting
text: small insects to the dark areas when their mouths and nostrils
dialog: should be.
text: Out of the shadows of a dingy side-building limps Owen Lars,
text: a large burly man in his mid-fifties. His reddish eyes are
text: sunken in a dust-covered face. As the farmer carefully
text: inspects each robot, he is closely followed by his slump-
text: shouldered nephew, Luke Skywalker. One of the vile little
text: Jawas walks ahead of the farmer spouting an animated sales
text: pitch in a queer, unintelligible language.
text: A voice calls out from one of the huge holes that form the
text: homestead. Luke goes over to the edge and sees his Aunt Beru
text: standing in the main courtyard.
speaker_heading: BERU
dialog: Luke, tell Owen that if he gets a
dialog: translator to be sure it speaks Bocce.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It looks like we don't have much of
dialog: a choice but I'll remind him.
text: Luke returns to his uncle as they look over the equipment
dialog: for sale with the Jawa leader.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: I have no need for a protocol droid.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Sir -- not in an environment such as
dialog: this -- that's why I've also been
dialog: programmed for over thirty secondary
dialog: functions that...
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: What I really need is a droid that
dialog: understands the binary language of
dialog: moisture vaporators.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Vaporators! Sir -- My first job was
dialog: programming binary load lifter...
dialog: very similar to your vaporators. You
dialog: could say...
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: Do you speak Bocce?
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Of course I can, sir. It's like a
dialog: second language for me... I'm as
dialog: fluent in Bocce...
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: All right shut up!
dialog: (turning to Jawa)
dialog: I'll take this one.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Shutting up, sir.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: Luke, take these two over to the
dialog: garage, will you? I want you to have
text: both of them cleaned up before dinner.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: But I was going into Toshi Station
dialog: to pick up some power converters...
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: You can waste time with your friends
dialog: when your chores are done. Now come
dialog: on, get to it!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: All right, come on! And the red one,
dialog: come on. Well, come on, Red, let's
dialog: go.
text: As the Jawas start to lead the three remaining robots back
text: into the Sandcrawler, Artoo lets out a pathetic little beep
text: and starts after his old friend Threepio. He is restrained
text: by a slimy Jawa, who zaps him with a control box.
text: Owen is negotiating with the head Jawa. Luke and the two
text: robots start off for the garage when a plate pops off the
text: head of the red astro-droid's head plate and it sparks wildly.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Uncle Owen...
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: This R2 unit has a bad motivator.
dialog: Look!
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: (to the head Jawa)
dialog: Hey, what're you trying to push on
dialog: us?
text: The Jawa goes into a loud spiel. Meanwhile, Artoo has sneaked
text: out of line and is moving up and down trying to attract
text: attention. He lets out with a low whistle. Threepio taps
text: Luke on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: (pointing to Artoo)
dialog: Excuse me, sir, but that R2 unit is
text: in prime condition. A real bargain.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Uncle Owen...
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What about that one?
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: (to Jawa)
dialog: What about that blue one? We'll take
dialog: that one.
text: With a little reluctance the scruffy dwarf trades the damaged
text: astro-droid for Artoo.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, take it away.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Uh, I'm quite sure you'll be very
dialog: pleased with that one, sir. He really
dialog: is in first-class condition. I've
dialog: worked with him before. Here he comes.
text: Owen pays off the whining Jawa as Luke and the two robots
text: trudge off toward a grimy homestead entry.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Okay, let's go.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: (to Artoo)
dialog: Now, don't you forget this! Why I
dialog: should stick my neck out for you is
dialog: quite beyond my capacity!
scene_heading: INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - GARAGE AREA - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The garage is cluttered and worn, but a friendly peaceful
text: atmosphere permeates the low grey chamber. Threepio lowers
text: himself into a large tub filled with warm oil. Near the
text: battered Landspeeder little Artoo rests on a large battery
text: with a cord to his face.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Thank the maker! This oil bath is
dialog: going to feel so good. I've got such
dialog: a bad case of dust contamination, I
dialog: can barely move!
text: Artoo beeps a muffled reply. Luke seems to be lost in thought
text: as he runs his hand over the damaged fin of a small two-man
text: Skyhopper spaceship resting in a low hangar off the garage.
text: Finally Luke's frustrations get the better of him and he
text: slams a wrench across the workbench.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It just isn't fair. Oh, Biggs is
dialog: right. I'm never gonna get out of
dialog: here!
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Is there anything I might do to help?
text: Luke glances at the battered robot. A bit of his anger drains
text: and a tiny smile creeps across his face.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, not unless you can alter time,
dialog: speed up the harvest, or teleport me
dialog: off this rock!
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: I don't think so, sir. I'm only a
dialog: droid and not very knowledgeable
dialog: about such things. Not on this planet,
dialog: anyways. As a matter of fact, I'm
dialog: not even sure which planet I'm on.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, if there's a bright center to
dialog: the universe, you're on the planet
text: that it's farthest from.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: I see, sir.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Uh, you can call me Luke.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: I see, sir Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Just Luke.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: And I am See-Threepio, human-cyborg
dialog: relations, and this is my counterpart,
dialog: Artoo-Detoo.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hello.
text: Artoo beeps in response. Luke unplugs Artoo and begins to
text: scrape several connectors on the robot's head with a chrome
text: pick. Threepio climbs out of the oil tub and begins wiping
text: oil from his bronze body.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You got a lot of carbon scoring here.
dialog: It looks like you boys have seen a
dialog: lot of action.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: With all we've been through, sometimes
dialog: I'm amazed we're in as good condition
dialog: as we are, what with the Rebellion
dialog: and all.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You know of the Rebellion against
dialog: the Empire?
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: That's how we came to be in your
dialog: service, if you take my meaning,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Have you been in many battles?
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Several, I think. Actually, there's
dialog: not much to tell. I'm not much more
dialog: than an interpreter, and not very
dialog: good at telling stories. Well, not
dialog: at making them interesting, anyways.
text: Luke struggles to remove a small metal fragment from Artoo's
text: neck joint. He uses a larger pick.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, my little friend, you've got
dialog: something jammed in here real good.
dialog: Were you on a cruiser or...
text: The fragment breaks loose with a snap, sending Luke tumbling
text: head over heels. He sits up and sees a twelve-inch three-
text: dimensional hologram of Leia Organa, the Rebel senator, being
text: projected from the face of little Artoo. The image is a
text: rainbow of colors as it flickers and jiggles in the dimly
text: lit garage. Luke's mouth hangs open in awe.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my
dialog: only hope.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What's this?
text: Artoo looks around and sheepishly beeps an answer for Threepio
text: to translate. Leia continues to repeat the sentence fragment
text: over and over.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: What is what?!? He asked you a
dialog: question...
dialog: (pointing to Leia)
dialog: What is that?
text: Artoo whistles his surprise as he pretends to just notice
text: the hologram. He looks around and sheepishly beeps an answer
text: for Threepio to translate. Leia continues to repeat the
text: sentence fragment over and over.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my
dialog: only hope. Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi.
dialog: You're my only hope.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Oh, he says it's nothing, sir. Merely
dialog: a malfunction. Old data. Pay it no
dialog: mind.
text: Luke becomes intrigued by the beautiful girl.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Who is she? She's beautiful.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: I'm afraid I'm not quite sure, sir.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi...
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: I think she was a passenger on our
dialog: last voyage. A person of some
dialog: importance, sir -- I believe. Our
dialog: captain was attached to...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Is there more to this recording?
text: Luke reaches out for Artoo but he lets out several frantic
text: squeaks and a whistle.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Behave yourself, Artoo. You're going
dialog: to get us in trouble. It's all right,
dialog: you can trust him. He's our new
dialog: master.
text: Artoo whistles and beeps a long message to Threepio.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: He says he's the property of Obi-Wan
dialog: Kenobi, a resident of these parts.
text: And it's a private message for him.
dialog: Quite frankly, sir I don't know what
dialog: he's talking about. Our last master
dialog: was Captain Antilles, but with what
dialog: we've been through, this little R2
text: unit has become a bit eccentric.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Obi-Wan Kenobi? I wonder if he means
dialog: old Ben Kenobi?
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: I beg your pardon, sir, but do you
dialog: know what he's talking about?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, I don't know anyone named Obi-
dialog: Wan, but old Ben lives out beyond
dialog: the dune sea. He's kind of a strange
dialog: old hermit.
text: Luke's gazes at the beautiful young princess for a few
dialog: moments.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I wonder who she is. It sounds like
dialog: she's in trouble. I'd better play
dialog: back the whole thing.
text: Artoo beeps something to Threepio.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
text: He says the restraining bolt has
text: short circuited his recording system.
dialog: He suggests that if you remove the
dialog: bolt, he might be able to play back
text: the entire recording.
text: Luke looks longingly at the lovely, little princess and hasn't
dialog: really heard what Threepio has been saying.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: H'm? Oh, yeah, well, I guess you're
dialog: too small to run away on me if I
dialog: take this off! Okay.
text: Luke takes a wedged bar and pops the restraining bolt off
dialog: Artoo's side.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: There you go.
text: The princess immediately disappears...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, wait a minute. Where'd she go?
dialog: Bring her back! Play back the entire
dialog: message.
text: Artoo beeps an innocent reply as Threepio sits up in
dialog: embarrassment.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: What message? The one you're carrying
dialog: inside your rusty innards!
text: A women's voice calls out from another room.
speaker_heading: AUNT BERU
dialog: Luke? Luke! Come to dinner!
text: Luke stands up and shakes his head at the malfunctioning
dialog: robot.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: All right, I'll be right there, Aunt
dialog: Beru.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: I'm sorry, sir, but he appears to
text: have picked up a slight flutter.
text: Luke tosses Artoo's restraining bolt on the workbench and
text: hurries out of the room.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, see what you can do with him.
dialog: I'll be right back.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: (to Artoo)
dialog: Just you reconsider playing that
dialog: message for him.
text: Artoo beeps in response.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: No, I don't think he likes you at
dialog: all.
text: Artoo beeps.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: No, I don't like you either.
scene_heading: INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - DINING AREA
text: Luke's Aunt Beru, a warm, motherly woman, fills a pitcher
text: with blue fluid from a refrigerated container in the well-
text: used kitchen. She puts the pitcher on a tray with some bowls
text: of food and starts for the dining area.
text: Luke sits with his Uncle Owen before a table covered with
text: steaming bowls of food as Aunt Beru carries in a bowl of red
dialog: grain.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You know, I think that R2 unit we
dialog: bought might have been stolen.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: What makes you think that?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, I stumbled across a recording
dialog: while I was cleaning him. He says he
dialog: belongs to someone called Obi-Wan
dialog: Kenobi.
text: Owen is greatly alarmed at the mention of his name, but
text: manages to control himself.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I thought he might have meant old
dialog: Ben. Do you know what he's talking
dialog: about? Well, I wonder if he's related
dialog: to Ben.
text: Owen breaks loose with a fit of uncontrolled anger.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: That old man's just a crazy old
dialog: wizard. Tomorrow I want you to take
dialog: that R2 unit into Anchorhead and
dialog: have its memory flushed. That'll be
dialog: the end of it. It belongs to us now.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: But what if this Obi-Wan comes looking
dialog: for him?
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: He won't, I don't think he exists
dialog: any more. He died about the same
dialog: time as your father.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: He knew my father?
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: I told you to forget it. Your only
dialog: concern is to prepare the new droids
dialog: for tomorrow. In the morning I want
text: them on the south ridge working out
text: those condensers.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yes, sir. I think those new droids
dialog: are going to work out fine. In fact,
dialog: I, uh, was also thinking about our
dialog: agreement about my staying on another
dialog: season. And if these new droids do
dialog: work out, I want to transmit my
dialog: application to the Academy this year.
text: Owen's face becomes a scowl, although he tries to suppress
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: You mean the next semester before
dialog: harvest?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sure, there're more than enough
dialog: droids.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: Harvest is when I need you the most.
dialog: Only one more season. This year we'll
dialog: make enough on the harvest so I'll
dialog: be able to hire some more hands. And
dialog: then you can go to the Academy next
dialog: year.
text: Luke continues to toy with his food, not looking at his uncle.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: You must understand I need you here,
dialog: Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: But it's a whole 'nother year.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: Look, it's only one more season.
text: Luke pushes his half-eaten plate of food aside and stands.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, that's what you said last year
dialog: when Biggs and Tank left.
speaker_heading: AUNT BERU
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It looks like I'm going nowhere. I
dialog: have to finish cleaning those droids.
text: Resigned to his fate, Luke paddles out of the room. Owen
text: mechanically finishes his dinner.
speaker_heading: AUNT BERU
dialog: Owen, he can't stay here forever.
text: Most of his friends have gone. It
dialog: means so much to him.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: I'll make it up to him next year. I
dialog: promise.
speaker_heading: AUNT BERU
dialog: Luke's just not a farmer, Owen. He
text: has too much of his father in him.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: That's what I'm afraid of.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - LARS HOMESTEAD
text: The giant twin suns of Tatooine slowly disappear behind a
text: distant dune range. Luke stands watching them for a few
text: moments, then reluctantly enters the doomed entrance to the
dialog: homestead.
scene_heading: INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - GARAGE
text: Luke enters the garage to discover the robots nowhere in
text: sight. He takes a small control box from his utility belt
text: similar to the one the Jawas were carrying. He activates the
text: box, which creates a low hum, and Threepio, letting out a
text: short yell, pops up from behind the Skyhopper spaceship.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What are you doing hiding there?
text: Threepio stumbles forward, but Artoo is still nowhere in
dialog: sight.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: It wasn't my fault, sir. Please don't
dialog: deactivate me. I told him not to go,
text: but he's faulty, malfunctioning;
text: kept babbling on about his mission.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh, no!
text: Luke races out of the garage followed by Threepio.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - LARS HOMESTEAD
text: Luke rushes out of the small doomed entry to the homestead
text: and searches the darkening horizon for the small triped astro-
text: robot. Threepio struggles out of the homestead and on the
text: salt flat as Luke scans the landscape with his
dialog: electrobinoculars.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: That R2 unit has always been a
dialog: problem. These astro-droids are
dialog: getting quite out of hand. Even I
dialog: can't understand their logic at times.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: How could I be so stupid? He's nowhere
dialog: in sight. Blast it!
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Pardon me, sir, but couldn't we go
dialog: after him?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It's too dangerous with all the
dialog: Sandpeople around. We'll have to
dialog: wait until morning.
text: Owen yells up from the homestead plaza.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: Luke, I'm shutting the power down
dialog: for the night.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: All right, I'll be there in a few
dialog: minutes. Boy, am I gonna get it.
text: He takes one final look across the dim horizon.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You know that little droid is going
dialog: to cause me a lot of trouble.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Oh, he excels at that, sir.
scene_heading: INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - PLAZA
text: Morning slowly creeps into the sparse but sparkling oasis of
text: the open courtyard. The idyll is broken be the yelling of
text: Uncle Owen, his voice echoing throughout the homestead.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: Luke? Luke? Luke? Where could he be
dialog: loafing now!
scene_heading: INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - KITCHEN
text: The interior of the kitchen is a worm glow as Aunt Beru
text: prepares the morning breakfast. Owen enters in a huff.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: Have you seen Luke this morning?
speaker_heading: AUNT BERU
dialog: He said he had some things to do
dialog: before he started today, so he left
dialog: early.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: Uh? Did he take those two new droids
dialog: with him?
speaker_heading: AUNT BERU
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: Well, he'd better have those units
dialog: in the south range repaired be midday
dialog: or there'll be hell to pay!
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT WASTELAND - LUKE'S SPEEDER - DAY
text: The rock and sand of the desert floor are a blur as Threepio
text: pilots the sleek Landspeeder gracefully across the vast
text: wasteland.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. LUKE'S SPEEDER - DESERT WASTELAND - TRAVELING -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Luke leans over the back of the speeder and adjusts something
text: in the motor compartment.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: How's that.
text: Threepio signals that is fine and Luke turns back into the
text: wind-whipped cockpit and pops the canopy shut.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Old Ben Kenobi lives out in this
dialog: direction somewhere, but I don't see
dialog: how that R2 unit could have come
dialog: this far. We must have missed him.
dialog: Uncle Owen isn't going to take this
dialog: very well.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Sir, would it help if you told him
dialog: it was my fault.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: Sure. He needs you. He'd probably
dialog: only deactivate you for a day or
dialog: so...
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Deactivate! Well, on the other hand
dialog: if you hadn't removed his restraining
dialog: bolt...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Wait, there's something dead ahead
text: on the scanner. It looks like our
text: droid... hit the accelerator.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK MESA - DUNE SEA - COASTLINE - DAY
text: From high on a rock mesa, the tiny Landspeeder can be seen
text: gliding across the desert floor. Suddenly in the foreground
text: two weather-beaten Sandpeople shrouded in their grimy desert
text: cloaks peer over the edge of the rock mesa. One of the
text: marginally human creatures raises a long ominous laser rifle
text: and points it at the speeder but the second creature grabs
text: the gun before it can be fired.
dialog: The Sandpeople, or Tusken Raiders as they're sometimes called,
text: speak in a coarse barbaric language as they get into an
text: animated argument. The second Tusken Raider seems to get in
text: the final word and the nomads scurry over the rocky terrain.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK MESA - CANYON
text: The Tusken Raider approaches two large Banthas standing tied
text: to a rock. The monstrous, bear-like creatures are as large
text: as elephants, with huge red eyes, tremendous looped horns,
text: and long, furry, dinosaur-like tails. The Tusken Raiders
text: mount saddles strapped to the huge creatures' shaggy backs
text: and ride off down the rugged bluff.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - FLOOR
text: The speeder is parked on the floor of a massive canyon. Luke,
text: with his long laser rifle slung over his shoulder, stands
text: before little Artoo.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey, whoa, just where do you think
dialog: you're going?
text: The little droid whistles a feeble reply, as Threepio poses
text: menacingly behind the little runaway.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Master Luke here is your rightful
dialog: owner. We'll have no more of this
dialog: Obi-Wan Kenobi jibberish... and don't
dialog: talk to me about your mission, either.
dialog: You're fortunate he doesn't blast
dialog: you into a million pieces right here.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, come on. It's getting late. I
dialog: only hope we can get back before
dialog: Uncle Owen really blows up.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: If you don't mind my saying so, sir,
dialog: I think you should deactivate the
dialog: little fugitive until you've gotten
dialog: him back to your workshop.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No, he's not going to try anything.
text: Suddenly the little robot jumps to life with a mass of frantic
text: whistles and screams.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What's wrong with him now?
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Oh my... sir, he says there are
text: several creatures approaching from
dialog: the southeast.
text: Luke swings his rifle into position and looks to the south.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sandpeople! Or worst! Come on, let's
dialog: have a look. Come on.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - RIDGE - DAY
text: Luke carefully makes his way to the top of a rock ridge and
text: scans the canyon with his electrobinoculars. He spots the
text: two riderless Banthas. Threepio struggles up behind the young
dialog: adventurer.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: There are two Banthas down there but
dialog: I don't see any... wait a second,
dialog: they're Sandpeople all right. I can
text: see one of them now.
text: Luke watches the distant Tusken Raider through his
text: electrobinoculars. Suddenly something huge moves in front of
text: his field of view. Before Luke or Threepio can react, a large,
text: gruesome Tusken Raider looms over them. Threepio is startled
text: and backs away, right off the side if the cliff. He can be
text: heard for several moments as he clangs, bangs and rattles
text: down the side of the mountain.
text: The towering creature brings down his curved, double-pointed
text: gaderffii -- the dreaded axe blade that has struck terror in
text: the heart of the local settlers. But Luke manages to block
text: the blow with his laser rifle, which is smashed to pieces.
text: The terrified farm boy scrambles backward until he is forced
text: to the edge of a deep crevice. The sinister Raider stands
text: over him with his weapon raised and lets out a horrible
text: shrieking laugh.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - FLOOR - DAY
text: Artoo forces himself into the shadows of a small alcove in
text: the rocks as the vicious Sandpeople walk past carrying the
text: inert Luke Skywalker, who is dropped in a heap before the
text: speeder. The Sandpeople ransack the speeder, throwing parts
text: and supplies in all directions. Suddenly they stop. Then
text: everything is quiet for a few moments. A great howling moan
text: is heard echoing throughout the canyon which sends the
text: Sandpeople fleeing in terror.
text: Artoo moves even tighter into the shadows as the slight
text: swishing sound that frightened off the Sandpeople grows even
text: closer, until a shabby old desert-rat-of-a-man appears and
text: leans over Luke. His ancient leathery face, cracked and
text: weathered by exotic climates is set off by dark, penetrating
text: eyes and a scraggly white beard. Ben Kenobi squints his eyes
text: as he scrutinizes the unconscious farm boy. Artoo makes a
text: slight sound and Ben turns and looks right at him.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hello there! Come here my little
dialog: friend. Don't be afraid.
text: Artoo waddles over to were Luke lies crumpled in a heap and
text: begins to whistle and beep his concern. Ben puts his hand on
text: Luke's forehead and he begins to come around.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Don't worry, he'll be all right.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Rest easy, son, you've had a busy
dialog: day. You're fortunate you're still
dialog: in one piece.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Ben? Ben Kenobi! Boy, am I glad to
dialog: see you!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: The Jundland wastes are not to be
dialog: traveled lightly. Tell me young Luke,
dialog: what brings you out this far?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh, this little droid! I think he's
dialog: searching for his former master...
dialog: I've never seen such devotion in a
dialog: droid before... there seems to be no
text: stopping him. He claims to be the
dialog: property of an Obi-Wan Kenobi. Is he
dialog: a relative of yours? Do you know who
dialog: he's talking about?
text: Ben ponders this for a moment, scratching his scruffy beard.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Obi-Wan Kenobi... Obi-Wan? Now thats
dialog: a name I haven't heard in a long
dialog: time... a long time.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I think my uncle knew him. He said
dialog: he was dead.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Oh, he's not dead, not... not yet.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You know him!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Well of course, of course I know
dialog: him. He's me! I haven't gone by the
dialog: name Obi-Wan since oh, before you
dialog: were born.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Then the droid does belong to you.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Don't seem to remember ever owning a
dialog: droid. Very interesting...
text: He suddenly looks up at the overhanging cliffs.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I think we better get indoors. The
text: Sandpeople are easily startled but
dialog: they will soon be back and in greater
dialog: numbers.
text: Luke sits up and rubs his head. Artoo lets out a pathetic
text: beep causing Luke to remember something. He looks around.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Threepio!
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - SAND PIT - ROCK MESA - DAY
text: Little Artoo stands at the edge of a large sand pit and begins
text: to chatter away in electronic whistles and beeps. Luke and
text: Ben stand over a very dented and tangled Threepio lying half
text: buried in the sand. One of his arms has broken off.
text: Luke tries to revive the inert robot by shaking him and then
text: flips a hidden switch on his back several times until finally
text: the mechanical man's systems turn on.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Where am I? I must have taken a bad
dialog: step...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Can you stand? We've got to get out
dialog: of here before the Sandpeople return.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: I don't think I can make it. You go
dialog: on, Master Luke. There's no sense in
dialog: you risking yourself on my account.
dialog: I'm done for.
text: Artoo makes a beeping sound.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No, you're not. What kind of talk is
dialog: that?
text: Luke and Ben help the battered robot to his feet. Little
text: Artoo watches from the top of the pit. Ben glances around
text: suspiciously. Sensing something, he stands up and sniffs the
dialog: air.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Quickly, son... they're on the move.
scene_heading: INT. KENOBI'S DWELLING
text: The small, spartan hovel is cluttered with desert junk but
text: still manages to radiate an air of time-worn comfort and
text: security. Luke is in one corner repairing Threepio's arm, as
text: old Ben sits thinking.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No, my father didn't fight in the
dialog: wars. He was a navigator on a spice
dialog: freighter.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: That's what your uncle told you. He
dialog: didn't hold with your father's ideals.
dialog: Thought he should have stayed here
dialog: and not gotten involved.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You fought in the Clone Wars?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yes, I was once a Jedi Knight the
dialog: same as your father.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I wish I'd known him.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: He was the best star-pilot in the
dialog: galaxy, and a cunning warrior. I
dialog: understand you've become quite a
dialog: good pilot yourself. And he was a
dialog: good friend. Which reminds me...
text: Ben gets up and goes to a chest where he rummages around.
text: As Luke finishes repairing Threepio and starts to fit the
text: restraining bolt back on, Threepio looks at him nervously.
text: Luke thinks about the bolt for a moment then puts it on the
text: table. Ben shuffles up and presents Luke with a short handle
text: with several electronic gadgets attached to it.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I have something here for you. Your
dialog: father wanted you to have this when
dialog: you were old enough, but your uncle
dialog: wouldn't allow it. He feared you
dialog: might follow old Obi-Wan on some
dialog: damned-fool idealistic crusade like
dialog: your father did.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Sir, if you'll not be needing me,
dialog: I'll close down for awhile.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sure, go ahead.
text: Ben hands Luke the saber.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Your fathers lightsaber. This is the
dialog: weapon of a Jedi Knight. Not as clumsy
dialog: or as random as a blaster.
text: Luke pushes a button on the handle. A long beam shoots out
text: about four feet and flickers there. The light plays across
dialog: the ceiling.
speaker_heading: BEN
text: An elegant weapon for a more civilized
dialog: time. For over a thousand generations
dialog: the Jedi Knights were the guardians
dialog: of peace and justice in the Old
dialog: Republic. Before the dark times,
dialog: before the Empire.
text: Luke hasn't really been listening.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: How did my father die?
speaker_heading: BEN
text: A young Jedi named Darth Vader, who
dialog: was a pupil of mine until he turned
dialog: to evil, helped the Empire hunt down
dialog: and destroy the Jedi Knights. He
dialog: betrayed and murdered your father.
dialog: Now the Jedi are all but extinct.
text: Vader was seduced by the dark side
dialog: of the Force.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: The Force?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Well, the Force is what gives a Jedi
dialog: his power. It's an energy field
dialog: created by all living things. It
text: surrounds us and penetrates us. It
text: binds the galaxy together.
text: Artoo makes beeping sounds.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Now, let's see if we can't figure
dialog: out what you are, my little friend.
dialog: And where you come from.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I saw part of the message he was...
text: Luke is cut short as the recorded image of the beautiful
text: young Rebel princess is projected from Artoo's face.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I seem to have found it.
text: Luke stops his work as the lovely girl's image flickers before
text: his eyes.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: General Kenobi, years ago you served
dialog: my father in the Clone Wars. Now he
dialog: begs you to help him in his struggle
dialog: against the Empire. I regret that I
dialog: am unable to present my father's
dialog: request to you in person, but my
dialog: ship has fallen under attack and I'm
dialog: afraid my mission to bring you to
dialog: Alderaan has failed. I have placed
dialog: information vital to the survival of
dialog: the Rebellion into the memory systems
dialog: of this R2 unit. My father will know
dialog: how to retrieve it. You must see
dialog: this droid safely delivered to him
dialog: on Alderaan. This is our most
dialog: desperate hour. Help me, Obi-Wan
dialog: Kenobi, you're my only hope.
text: There is a little static and the transmission is cut short.
text: Old Ben leans back and scratches his head. He silently puffs
text: on a tarnished chrome water pipe. Luke has stars in his eyes.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You must learn the ways of the Force
dialog: if you're to come with me to Alderaan.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Alderaan? I'm not going to Alderaan.
dialog: I've got to go home. It's late, I'm
dialog: in for it as it is.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I need your help, Luke. She needs
dialog: your help. I'm getting too old for
dialog: this sort of thing.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I can't get involved! I've got work
dialog: to do! It's not that I like the
dialog: Empire. I hate it! But there's nothing
dialog: I can do about it right now. It's
dialog: such a long way from here.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: That's your uncle talking.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (sighing)
dialog: Oh, God, my uncle. How am I ever
dialog: going to explain this?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Learn about the Force, Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Look, I can take you as far as
dialog: Anchorhead. You can get a transport
dialog: there to Mos Eisley or wherever you're
dialog: going.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You must do what you feel is right,
dialog: of course.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE.
text: An Imperial Stardestroyer heads toward the evil planet-like
dialog: battle station: the Death Star!
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOM
text: Eight Imperial senators and generals sit around a black
text: conference table. Imperial stormtroopers stand guard around
text: the room. Commander Tagge, a young, slimy-looking general,
dialog: is speaking.
speaker_heading: TAGGE
dialog: Until this battle station is fully
dialog: operational we are vulnerable. The
text: Rebel Alliance is too well equipped.
dialog: They're more dangerous than you
dialog: realize.
text: The bitter Admiral Motti twists nervously in his chair.
speaker_heading: MOTTI
dialog: Dangerous to your starfleet,
dialog: Commander, not to this battle station!
speaker_heading: TAGGE
dialog: The Rebellion will continue to gain
dialog: a support in the Imperial Senate as
dialog: long as....
text: Suddenly all heads turn as Commander Tagge's speech is cut
dialog: short and the Grand Moff Tarkin, governor of the Imperial
text: outland regions, enters. He is followed by his powerful ally,
text: The Sith Lord, Darth Vader. All of the generals stand and
text: bow before the thin, evil-looking governor as he takes his
text: place at the head of the table. The Dark Lord stands behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: The Imperial Senate will no longer
dialog: be of any concern to us. I've just
dialog: received word that the Emperor has
dialog: dissolved the council permanently.
text: The last remnants of the Old Republic
text: have been swept away.
speaker_heading: TAGGE
dialog: That's impossible! How will the
dialog: Emperor maintain control without the
dialog: bureaucracy?
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: The regional governors now have direct
dialog: control over territories. Fear will
dialog: keep the local systems in line. Fear
dialog: of this battle station.
speaker_heading: TAGGE
dialog: And what of the Rebellion? If the
dialog: Rebels have obtained a complete
dialog: technical readout of this station,
dialog: it is possible, however unlikely,
dialog: that they might find a weakness and
dialog: exploit it.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: The plans you refer to will soon be
dialog: back in our hands.
speaker_heading: MOTTI
dialog: Any attack made by the Rebels against
dialog: this station would be a useless
dialog: gesture, no matter what technical
dialog: data they've obtained. This station
dialog: is now the ultimate power in the
dialog: universe. I suggest we use it!
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: Don't be too proud of this
dialog: technological terror you've
dialog: constructed. The ability to destroy
text: a planet is insignificant next to
dialog: the power of the Force.
speaker_heading: MOTTI
dialog: Don't try to frighten us with your
dialog: sorcerer's ways, Lord Vader. Your
dialog: sad devotion to that ancient religion
dialog: has not helped you conjure up the
dialog: stolen data tapes, or given you
dialog: clairvoyance enough to find the
dialog: Rebel's hidden fort...
text: Suddenly Motti chokes and starts to turn blue under Vader's
dialog: spell.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: I find your lack of faith disturbing.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: Enough of this! Vader, release him!
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: As you wish.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: This bickering is pointless. Lord
dialog: Vader will provide us with the
dialog: location of the Rebel fortress by
dialog: the time this station is operational.
dialog: We will then crush the Rebellion
text: with one swift stroke.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELAND
text: The speeder stops before what remains of the huge Jawas
text: Sandcrawler. Luke and Ben walk among the smoldering rubble
text: and scattered bodies.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It looks like Sandpeople did this,
dialog: all right. Look, here are Gaffi
dialog: sticks, Bantha tracks. It's just...
dialog: I never heard of them hitting anything
dialog: this big before.
text: Ben is crouching in the sand studying the tracks.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: They didn't. But we are meant to
dialog: think they did. These tracks are
text: side by side. Sandpeople always ride
text: single file to hide there numbers.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: These are the same Jawas that sold
dialog: us Artoo and Threepio.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: And these blast points, too accurate
dialog: for Sandpeople. Only Imperial
dialog: stormtroopers are so precise.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why would Imperial troops want to
dialog: slaughter Jawas?
text: Luke looks back at the speeder where Artoo and Threepio are
text: inspecting the dead Jawas, and put two and two together.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: If they traced the robots here, they
dialog: may have learned who they sold them
dialog: to. And that would lead them home!
text: Luke reaches a sudden horrible realization, then races for
text: the speeder and jumps it.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Wait, Luke! It's too dangerous.
text: Luke races off leaving Ben and the two robots alone with the
text: burning Sandcrawler.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELAND
text: Luke races across the wasteland in his battered Landspeeder.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - LARS HOMESTEAD
text: The speeder roars up to the burning homestead. Luke jumps
text: out and runs to the smoking holes that were once his home.
text: Debris is scattered everywhere and it looks as if a great
text: battle has taken place.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Uncle Owen! Aunt Beru! Uncle Owen!
text: Luke stumbles around in a daze looking for his aunt and uncle.
text: Suddenly he comes upon their smoldering remains. He is
text: stunned, and cannot speak. Hate replaces fear and a new
text: resolve comes over him.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: Imperial TIE fighter races toward the Death Star.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION CORRIDOR
text: Two stormtroopers open an electronic cell door and allow
text: several Imperial guards to enter. Princess Leia's face is
text: filled with defiance, which slowly gives way to fear as a
text: giant black torture robot enters, followed by Darth Vader.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: And, now Your Highness, we will
dialog: discuss the location of your hidden
dialog: Rebel base.
text: The torture robot gives off a steady beeping sound as it
text: approaches Princess Leia and extends one of its mechanical
text: arms bearing a large hypodermic needle. The door slides shut
text: and the long cell block hallway appears peaceful. The muffled
text: screams of the Rebel princess are barely heard.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELAND
text: There is a large bonfire of Jawa bodies blazing in front of
text: the Sandcrawler as Ben and the robots finish burning the
text: dead. Luke drives up in the speeder and Ben walks over to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: There's nothing you could have done,
dialog: Luke, had you been there. You'd have
text: been killed, too, and the droids
dialog: would be in the hands of the Empire.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I want to come with you to Alderaan.
dialog: There's nothing here for me now. I
dialog: want to learn the ways of the Force
dialog: and become a Jedi like my father.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELAND
text: The Landspeeder with Luke, Artoo, Threepio, and Ben in it
text: zooms across the desert. The speeder stops on a bluff
text: overlooking the spaceport at Mos Eisley. It is a haphazard
text: array of low, grey, concrete structures and semi-domes. A
text: harsh gale blows across the stark canyon floor. Luke adjusts
text: his goggles and walks to the edge of the craggy bluff where
text: Ben is standing.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Mos Eisley Spaceport. You will never
dialog: find a more wretched hive of scum
dialog: and villainy. We must be cautious.
text: Ben looks over at Luke, who gives the old Jedi a determined
dialog: smile.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET
text: The speeder is stopped on a crowded street by several combat-
text: hardend stormtroopers who look over the two robots. A Trooper
dialog: questions Luke.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: How long have you had these droids?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: About three or four seasons.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: They're for sale if you want them.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: Let me see your identification.
text: Luke becomes very nervous as he fumbles to find his ID while
text: Ben speaks to the Trooper in a very controlled voice.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You don't need to see his
dialog: identification.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: We don't need to see his
dialog: identification.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: These are not the droids your looking
dialog: for.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: These are not the droids we're looking
dialog: for.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: He can go about his business.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: You can go about your business.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: Move along.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: Move along. Move along.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET
text: The speeder pulls up in front of a rundown blockhouse cantina
text: on the outskirts of the spaceport. Various strange forms of
text: transport, including several unusual beasts of burden, are
text: parked outside the bar. A Jawa runs up and begins to fondle
dialog: the speeder.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: I can't abide these Jawas. Disgusting
dialog: creatures.
text: As Luke gets out of the speeder he tries to shoo the Jawa
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Go on, go on. I can't understand how
dialog: we got by those troopers. I thought
dialog: we were dead.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: The Force can have a strong influence
dialog: on the weak-minded. You will find it
dialog: a powerful ally.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Do you really think we're going to
dialog: find a pilot here that'll take us to
dialog: Alderaan?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Well, most of the best freighter
dialog: pilots can be found here. Only watch
dialog: your step. This place can be a little
dialog: rough.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm ready for anything.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Come along, Artoo.
scene_heading: INT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - CANTINA
text: The young adventurer and his two mechanical servants follow
text: Ben Kenobi into the smoke-filled cantina. The murky, moldy
text: den is filled with a startling array of weird and exotic
text: alien creatures and monsters at the long metallic bar. At
text: first the sight is horrifying. One-eyed, thousand-eyed, slimy,
text: furry, scaly, tentacled, and clawed creatures huddle over
text: drinks. Ben moves to an empty spot at the bar near a group
text: of repulsive but human scum. A huge, rough-looking Bartender
text: stops Luke and the robots.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: We don't serve their kind here!
text: Luke still recovering from the shock of seeing so many
text: outlandish creatures, doesn't quite catch the bartender's
dialog: drift.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Your droids. They'll have to wait
dialog: outside. We don't want them here.
text: Luke looks at old Ben, who is busy talking to one of the
text: Galactic pirates. He notices several of the gruesome creatures
text: along the bar are giving him a very unfriendly glare.
text: Luke pats Threepio on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Listen, why don't you wait out by
dialog: the speeder. We don't want any
dialog: trouble.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: I heartily agree with you sir.
text: Threepio and his stubby partner go outside and most of the
text: creatures at the bar go back to their drinks.
text: Ben is standing next to Chewbacca, an eight-foot-tall savage-
text: looking creature resembling a huge grey bushbaby monkey with
text: fierce baboon-like fangs. His large blue eyes dominate a fur-
text: covered face and soften his otherwise awesome appearance.
text: Over his matted, furry body he wears two chrome bandoliers,
text: and little else. He is a two-hundred-year-old Wookiee and a
dialog: sight to behold.
text: Ben speaks to the Wookiee, pointing to Luke several times
text: during his conversation and the huge creature suddenly lets
text: out a horrifying laugh. Luke is more than a little bit
text: disconcerted and pretends not to hear the conversation between
text: Ben and the giant Wookiee.
text: Luke is terrified but tries not to show it. He quietly sips
text: his drink, looking over the crowd for a more sympathetic ear
dialog: or whatever.
text: A large, multiple-eyed Creature gives Luke a rough shove.
speaker_heading: CREATURE
dialog: Negola dewaghi wooldugger?!?
text: The hideous freak is obviously drunk. Luke tries to ignore
text: the creature and turns back on his drink. A short, grubby
text: Human and an even smaller rodent-like beast join the
text: belligerent monstrosity.
speaker_heading: HUMAN
dialog: He doesn't like you.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: HUMAN
dialog: I don't like you either.
text: The big creature is getting agitated and yells out some
text: unintelligible gibberish at the now rather nervous, young
dialog: adventurer.
speaker_heading: HUMAN
dialog: Don't insult us. You just watch
dialog: yourself. We're wanted men. I have
dialog: the death sentence in twelve systems.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'll be careful than.
speaker_heading: HUMAN
dialog: You'll be dead.
text: The rodent lets out a loud grunt and everything at the bar
text: moves away. Luke tries to remain cool but it isn't easy. His
text: three adversaries ready their weapons. Old Ben moves in behind
dialog: Luke.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: This little one isn't worth the
dialog: effort. Come let me buy you
dialog: something...
text: A powerful blow from the unpleasant creature sends the young
text: would-be Jedi sailing across the room, crashing through tables
text: and breaking a large jug filled with a foul-looking liquid.
text: With a blood curdling shriek, the monster draws a wicked
text: chrome laser pistol from his belt and levels it at old Ben.
text: The bartender panics.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: No blasters! No blaster!
text: With astounding agility old Ben's laser sword sparks to life
text: and in a flash an arm lies on the floor. The rodent is cut
text: in two and the giant multiple-eyed creature lies doubled,
text: cut from chin to groin. Ben carefully and precisely turns
text: off his laser sword and replaces it on his utility belt.
text: Luke, shaking and totally amazed at the old man's abilities,
text: attempts to stand. The entire fight has lasted only a matter
text: of seconds. The cantina goes back to normal, although Ben is
text: given a respectable amount of room at the bar. Luke, rubbing
text: his bruised head, approaches the old man with new awe. Ben
text: points the the Wookiee.
speaker_heading: BEN
text: This is Chewbacca. He's first-mate
dialog: on a ship that might suit our needs.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET
text: Threepio paces in front of the cantina as Artoo carries on
text: an electronic conversation with another little red astro-
text: droid. A creature comes out of the cantina and approaches
text: two stormtroopers in the street.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: I don't like the look of this.
scene_heading: INT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - CANTINA
text: Strange creatures play exotic big band music on odd-looking
text: instruments as Luke, still giddy, downs a fresh drink and
text: follows Ben and Chewbacca to a booth where Han Solo is
text: sitting. Han is a tough, roguish starpilot about thirty years
text: old. A mercenary on a starship, he is simple, sentimental,
text: and cocksure.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Han Solo. I'm captain of the
dialog: Millennium Falcon. Chewie here tells
dialog: me you're looking for passage to the
dialog: Alderaan system.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yes, indeed. If it's a fast ship.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Fast ship? You've never heard of the
dialog: Millennium Falcon?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Should I have?
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: It's the ship that made the Kessel
dialog: run in less than twelve parsecs!
text: Ben reacts to Solo's stupid attempt to impress them with
text: obvious misinformation.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: I've outrun Imperial starships, not
dialog: the local bulk-cruisers, mind you.
dialog: I'm talking about the big Corellian
text: ships now. She's fast enough for
dialog: you, old man. What's the cargo?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Only passengers. Myself, the boy,
text: two droids, and no questions asked.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: What is it? Some kind of local
dialog: trouble?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Let's just say we'd like to avoid
dialog: any Imperial entanglements.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Well, that's the trick, isn't it?
dialog: And it's going to cost you something
dialog: extra. Ten thousand in advance.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Ten thousand? We could almost buy
dialog: our own ship for that!
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: But who's going to fly it, kid! You?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You bet I could. I'm not such a bad
dialog: pilot myself! We don't have to sit
dialog: here and listen...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: We haven't that much with us. But we
dialog: could pay you two thousand now, plus
dialog: fifteen when we reach Alderaan.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Seventeen, huh!
text: Han ponders this for a few moments.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Okay. You guys got yourself a ship.
dialog: We'll leave as soon as you're ready.
text: Docking bay Ninety-four.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Ninety-four.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Looks like somebody's beginning to
dialog: take an interest in your handiwork.
text: Ben and Luke turn around to see four Imperial stormtroopers
text: looking at the dead bodies and asking the bartenders some
text: questions. The bartender points to the booth.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: All right, we'll check it out.
text: The stormtroopers look over at the booth but Luke and Ben
text: are gone. The bartender shrugs his shoulders in puzzlement.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Seventeen thousand! Those guys must
dialog: really be desperate. This could really
dialog: save my neck. Get back to the ship
dialog: and get her ready.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You'll have to sell your speeder.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That's okay. I'm never coming back
dialog: to this planet again.
scene_heading: INT. MOS EISLEY - CANTINA
text: As Han is about to leave, Greedo, a slimy green-faced alien
text: with a short trunk-nose, pokes a gun in his side. The creature
text: speaks in a foreign tongue translated into English subtitles.
speaker_heading: GREEDO
dialog: Going somewhere, Solo?
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Yes, Greedo. As a matter of fact, I
dialog: was just going to see your boss.
dialog: Tell Jabba that I've got his money.
text: Han sits down and the alien sits across from him holding the
text: gun on him.
speaker_heading: GREEDO
dialog: It's too late. You should have paid
dialog: him when you had the chance. Jabba's
dialog: put a price on your head, so large
dialog: that every bounty hunter in the galaxy
dialog: will be looking for you. I'm lucky I
dialog: found you first.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Yeah, but this time I got the money.
speaker_heading: GREEDO
dialog: If you give it to me, I might forget
dialog: I found you.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: I don't have it with me. Tell Jabba...
speaker_heading: GREEDO
dialog: Jabba's through with you. He has no
dialog: time for smugglers who drop their
text: shipments at the first sign of an
dialog: Imperial cruiser.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Even I get boarded sometimes. Do you
dialog: think I had a choice?
text: Han Solo slowly reaches for his gun under the table.
speaker_heading: GREEDO
dialog: You can tell that to Jabba. He may
dialog: only take your ship.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Over my dead body.
speaker_heading: GREEDO
dialog: That's the idea. I've been looking
dialog: forward to killing you for a long
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Yes, I'll bet you have.
text: Suddenly the slimy alien disappears in a blinding flash of
text: light. Han pulls his smoking gun from beneath the table as
text: the other patron look on in bemused amazement. Han gets up
text: and starts out of the cantina, flipping the bartender some
text: coins as he leaves.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Sorry about the mess.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: Several TIE fighters approach the Death Star.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM
speaker_heading: VADER
text: Her resistance to the mind probe is
dialog: considerable. It will be some time
dialog: before we can extract any information
dialog: from her.
text: An Imperial Officer interrupts the meeting.
speaker_heading: IMPERIAL OFFICER
text: The final check-out is complete. All
dialog: systems are operational. What course
dialog: shall we set?
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: Perhaps she would respond to an
dialog: alternative form of persuasion.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: I think it is time we demonstrate
dialog: the full power of this station.
dialog: (to soldier)
dialog: Set your course for Princess Leia's
dialog: home planet of Alderaan.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: With pleasure.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET
text: Four heavily-armed stormtroopers move menacingly along a
text: narrow slum alleyway crowed with darkly clad creatures hawking
text: exotic goods in the dingy little stalls. Men, monsters, and
text: robots crouch in the waste-filled doorways, whispering and
text: hiding from the hot winds.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Lock the door, Artoo.
text: One of the troopers checks a tightly locked door and moves
text: on down the alleyway. The door slides open a crack and
text: Threepio peeks out. Artoo is barely visible in the background.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: All right, check that side of the
dialog: street. It's secure. Move on to the
text: next door.
text: The door opens, Threepio moves into the doorway.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: I would much rather have gone with
dialog: Master Luke than stay here with you.
dialog: I don't know what all the trouble is
dialog: about, but I'm sure it must be your
dialog: fault.
text: Artoo makes beeping sounds.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: You watch your language!
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET - ALLEYWAY - USED
speaker_heading: SPEEDER LOT
text: Ben and Luke are standing in a sleazy used speeder lot,
text: talking with a tall, grotesque, insect-like used speeder
text: dealer. Strange exotic bodies and spindly-legged beasts pass
text: by as the insect concludes the sale by giving Luke some coins.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: He says it's the best he can do.
dialog: Since the XP-38 came out, they're
dialog: just not in demand.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It will be enough.
text: Ben and Luke leave the speeder lot and walk down the dusty
text: alleyway past a small robot herding a bunch of anteater-like
text: creatures. Luke turns and gives one last forlorn look at his
text: faithful speeder as he rounds a corner. A darkly clad creature
text: moves out of the shadows as they pass and watches them as
text: they disappear down another alley.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: If the ship's as fast as he's
dialog: boasting, we ought to do well.
scene_heading: INT. DOCKING BAY 94 - DAY
text: Jabba the Hut and a half-dozen grisly alien pirates and purple
text: creatures stand in the middle of the docking bay. Jabba is
text: the grossest of the slavering hulks and his scarred face is
text: a grim testimonial to his prowess as a vicious killer. He is
text: a fat, slug-like creature with eyes on extended feelers and
text: a huge ugly mouth.
speaker_heading: JABBA
dialog: Come on out, Solo!
text: A voice from directly behind the pirates startles them and
text: they turn around to see Han Solo and the giant Wookiee,
text: Chewbacca, standing behind them with no weapons in sight.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: I've been waiting for you, Jabba.
speaker_heading: JABBA
dialog: I expected you would be.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: I'm not the type to run.
speaker_heading: JABBA
dialog: (fatherly-smooth)
dialog: Han, my boy, there are times when
dialog: you disappoint me... why haven't you
dialog: paid me? And why did you have to fry
dialog: poor Greedo like that... after all
dialog: we've been through together.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: You sent Greedo to blast me.
speaker_heading: JABBA
dialog: (mock surprise)
dialog: Han, why you're the best smuggler in
dialog: the business. You're too valuable to
dialog: fry. He was only relaying my concern
dialog: at your delays. He wasn't going to
dialog: blast you.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: I think he thought he was. Next time
dialog: don't send one of those twerps. If
dialog: you've got something to say to me,
dialog: come see me yourself.
speaker_heading: JABBA
dialog: Han, Han! If only you hadn't had to
dialog: dump that shipment of spice... you
dialog: understand I just can't make an
dialog: exception. Where would I be if every
dialog: pilot who smuggled for me dumped
text: their shipment at the first sign of
dialog: an Imperial starship? It's not good
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: You know, even I get boarded
dialog: sometimes, Jabba. I had no choice,
dialog: but I've got a charter now and I can
dialog: pay you back, plus a little extra. I
dialog: just need some more time.
speaker_heading: JABBA
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: Put your blasters away. Han, my boy,
dialog: I'm only doing this because you're
dialog: the best and I need you. So, for an
dialog: extra, say twenty percent I'll give
dialog: you a little more time... but this
dialog: is it. If you disappoint me again,
dialog: I'll put a price on your head so
dialog: large you won't be able to go near a
dialog: civilized system for the rest of
dialog: your short life.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Jabba, I'll pay you because it's my
dialog: pleasure.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKING PORT ENTRY - ALLEYWAY
text: Chewbacca waits restlessly at the entrance to Docking Bay
text: 94. Ben, Luke, and the robots make their way up the street.
text: Chewbacca jabbers excitedly and signals for them to hurry.
text: The darkly clad creature has followed them from the speeder
text: lot. He stops in a nearby doorway and speaks into a small
dialog: transmitter.
scene_heading: INT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - DOCKING BAY 94
text: Chewbacca leads the group into a giant dirt pit that is
text: Docking Bay 94. Resting in the middle of the huge hole is a
text: large, round, beat-up, pieced-together hunk of junk that
dialog: could only loosely be called a starship.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What a piece of junk.
text: The tall figure of Han Solo comes down the boarding ramp.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: She'll make point five beyond the
dialog: speed of light. She may not look
dialog: like much, but she's got it where it
dialog: counts, kid. I've added some special
dialog: modifications myself.
text: Luke scratches his head. It's obvious he isn't sure about
text: all this. Chewbacca rushes up the ramp and urges the others
dialog: to follow.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: We're a little rushed, so if you'll
dialog: hurry aboard we'll get out of here.
text: The group rushes up the gang plank, passing a grinning Han
dialog: Solo.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON
text: Chewbacca settles into the pilot's chair and starts the mighty
text: engines of the starship.
scene_heading: INT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - DOCKING BAY 94
text: Luke, Ben, Threepio, and Artoo move toward the Millennium
text: Falcon passing Solo.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Hello, sir.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET
text: Eight Imperial stormtroopers rush up to the darkly clad
dialog: creature.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: Which way?
text: The darkly clad creature points to the door of the docking
dialog: bay.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: All right, men. Load your weapons!
scene_heading: INT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - DOCKING BAY 94]
text: The troops hold their guns at the ready and charge down the
text: docking bay entrance.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: Stop that ship!
text: Han Solo looks up and sees the Imperial stormtroopers rushing
text: into the docking bay. Several of the troopers fire at Han as
text: he ducks into the spaceship.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: Blast 'em!
text: Han draws his laser pistol and pops off a couple of shots
text: which force the stormtroopers to dive for safety. The
text: pirateship engines whine as Han hits the release button that
text: slams the overhead entry shut.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Chewie, get us out of here!
text: The group straps in for take off.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Oh, my. I'd forgotten how much I
dialog: hate space travel.
scene_heading: EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREETS
text: The half-dozen stormtroopers at a check point hear the general
text: alarm and look to the sky as the huge starship rises above
text: the dingy slum dwellings and quickly disappears into the
text: morning sky.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
text: Han climbs into the pilot's chair next to Chewbacca, who
text: chatters away as he points to something on the radar scope.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE - PLANET TATOOINE
text: The Corellian pirateship zooms from Tatooine into space.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
text: Han frantically types information into the ship's computer.
text: Little Artoo appears momentarily at the cockpit doorway,
text: makes a few beeping remarks, then scurries away.
speaker_heading: HAN
text: It looks like an Imperial cruiser.
dialog: Our passengers must be hotter than I
dialog: thought. Try and hold them off. Angle
dialog: the deflector shield while I make
dialog: the calculations for the jump to
text: light speed.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE - PLANET TATOOINE
text: The Millennium Falcon pirateship races away from the yellow
text: planet, Tatooine. It is followed by two huge Imperial
dialog: stardestroyers.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
text: Over the shoulders of Chewbacca and Han, we can see the galaxy
text: spread before them. Luke and Ben make their way into the
text: cramped cockpit where Han continues his calculation.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Stay sharp! There are two more coming
dialog: in; they're going to try to cut us
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why don't you outrun them? I thought
dialog: you said this thing was fast.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Watch your mouth, kid, or you're
dialog: going to find yourself floating home.
dialog: We'll be safe enough once we make
dialog: the jump to hyperspace. Besides, I
dialog: know a few maneuvers. We'll lose
dialog: them!
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE - PLANET TATOOINE
text: Imperial cruisers fire at the pirateship.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
text: The ship shudders as an explosion flashes outside the window.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Here's where the fun begins!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: How long before you can make the
dialog: jump to light speed?
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: It'll take a few moments to get the
text: coordinates from the navi-computer.
text: The ship begins to rock violently as lasers hit it.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Are you kidding? At the rate they're
dialog: gaining...
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Traveling through hyperspace isn't
dialog: like dusting crops, boy! Without
dialog: precise calculations we could fly
dialog: right through a star or bounce too
dialog: close to a supernova and that'd end
dialog: your trip real quick, wouldn't it?
text: The ship is now constantly battered with laserfire as a red
text: warning light begins to flash.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What's that flashing?
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: We're losing our deflector shield.
dialog: Go strap yourself in, I'm going to
text: make the jump to light speed.
text: The galaxy brightens and they move faster, almost as if
text: crashing a barrier. Stars become streaks as the pirateship
text: makes the jump to hyperspace.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: The Millennium Falcon zooms into infinity in less than a
dialog: second.
scene_heading: EXT. DEATH STAR
text: Alderaan looms behind the Death Star battlestation.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM
text: Admiral Motti enters the quiet control room and bows before
text: Governor Tarkin, who stands before the huge wall screen
text: displaying a small green planet.
speaker_heading: MOTTI
dialog: We've entered the Alderaan system.
text: Vader and two stormtroopers enter with Princess Leia. Her
text: hands are bound.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Governor Tarkin, I should have
dialog: expected to find you holding Vader's
dialog: leash. I recognized your foul stench
dialog: when I was brought on board.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: Charming to the last. You don't know
dialog: how hard I found it signing the order
dialog: to terminate your life!
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: I surprised you had the courage to
dialog: take the responsibility yourself!
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: Princess Leia, before your execution
dialog: I would like you to be my guest at a
dialog: ceremony that will make this battle
dialog: station operational. No star system
dialog: will dare oppose the Emperor now.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: The more you tighten your grip,
dialog: Tarkin, the more star systems will
dialog: slip through your fingers.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: Not after we demonstrate the power
dialog: of this station. In a way, you have
dialog: determined the choice of the planet
dialog: that'll be destroyed first. Since
dialog: you are reluctant to provide us with
dialog: the location of the Rebel base, I
dialog: have chosen to test this station's
dialog: destructive power... on your home
dialog: planet of Alderaan.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: No! Alderaan is peaceful. We have no
dialog: weapons. You can't possibly...
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: You would prefer another target? A
dialog: military target? Then name the system!
text: Tarkin waves menacingly toward Leia.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: I grow tired of asking this. So it'll
dialog: be the last time. Where is the Rebel
dialog: base?
text: Leia overhears an intercom voice announcing the approach to
dialog: Alderaan.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Dantooine.
text: Leia lowers her head.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: They're on Dantooine.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: There. You see Lord Vader, she can
dialog: be reasonable.
dialog: (addressing Motti)
dialog: Continue with the operation. You may
dialog: fire when ready.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: You're far too trusting. Dantooine
dialog: is too remote to make an effective
dialog: demonstration. But don't worry. We
dialog: will deal with your Rebel friends
dialog: soon enough.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: No!
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - BLAST CHAMBER
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: Commence primary ignition.
text: A button is pressed which switches on a panel of lights. A
text: hooded Imperial soldier reaches overhead and pulls a lever.
text: Another lever is pulled. Vader reaches for still another
text: lever and a bank of lights on a panel and wall light up. A
text: huge beam of light emanates from within a cone-shaped area
text: and converges into a single laser beam out toward Alderaan.
text: The small green planet of Alderaan is blown into space dust.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CENTRAL HOLD AREA
text: Ben watches Luke practice the lightsaber with a small "seeker"
text: robot. Ben suddenly turns away and sits down. He falters,
text: seems almost faint.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Are you all right? What's wrong?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I felt a great disturbance in the
text: Force... as if millions of voices
text: suddenly cried out in terror and
dialog: were suddenly silenced. I fear
dialog: something terrible has happened.
text: Ben rubs his forehead. He seems to drift into a trance. Then
text: he fixes his gaze on Luke.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You'd better get on with your
dialog: exercises.
text: Han Solo enters the room.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Well, you can forget your troubles
dialog: with those Imperial slugs. I told
dialog: you I'd outrun 'em.
text: Luke is once again practicing with the lightsaber.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Don't everyone thank me at once.
text: Threepio watches Chewbacca and Artoo who are engrossed in a
text: game in which three-dimensional holographic figures move
text: along a chess-type board.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Anyway, we should be at Alderaan
dialog: about oh-two-hundred hours.
text: Chewbacca and the two robots sit around the lighted table
text: covered with small holographic monsters. Each side of the
text: table has a small computer monitor embedded in it. Chewbacca
text: seems very pleased with himself as he rests his lanky fur-
text: covered arms over his head.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Now be careful, Artoo.
text: Artoo immediately reaches up and taps the computer with his
text: stubby claw hand, causing one of the holographic creatures
text: to walk to the new square. A sudden frown crosses Chewbacca's
text: face and he begins yelling gibberish at the tiny robot.
text: Threepio intercedes on behalf of his small companion and
text: begins to argue with the huge Wookiee.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
text: He made a fair move. Screaming about
dialog: it won't help you.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Let him have it. It's not wise to
text: upset a Wookiee.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: But sir, nobody worries about
text: upsetting a droid.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: That's 'cause droids don't pull
text: people's arms out of their socket
dialog: when they lose. Wookiees are known
dialog: to do that.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: I see your point, sir. I suggest a
dialog: new strategy, Artoo. Let the Wookiee
dialog: win.
text: Luke stands in the middle of the small hold area; he seems
text: frozen in place. A humming lightsaber is held high over his
text: head. Ben watches him from the corner, studying his movements.
text: Han watches with a bit of smugness.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force
text: flowing through him.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You mean it controls your actions?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Partially. But it also obeys your
dialog: commands.
text: Suspended at eye level, about ten feet in front of Luke, a
text: "seeker", a chrome baseball-like robot covered with antennae,
text: hovers slowly in a wide arc. The ball floats to one side of
text: the youth then the other. Suddenly it makes a lightning-swift
text: lunge and stops within a few feet of Luke's face. Luke doesn't
text: move and the ball backs off. It slowly moves behind the boy,
text: then makes another quick lunge, this time emitting a blood
text: red laser beam as it attacks. It hits Luke in the leg causing
text: him to tumble over. Han lets loose with a burst of laughter.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Hokey religions and ancient weapons
dialog: are no match for a good blaster at
dialog: your side, kid.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You don't believe in the Force, do
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Kid, I've flown from one side of
dialog: this galaxy to the other. I've seen
dialog: a lot of strange stuff, but I've
dialog: never seen anything to make me believe
dialog: there's one all-powerful force
dialog: controlling everything. There's no
dialog: mystical energy field that controls
dialog: my destiny.
text: Ben smiles quietly.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: It's all a lot of simple tricks and
dialog: nonsense.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I suggest you try it again, Luke.
text: Ben places a large helmet on Luke's head which covers his
text: eyes.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: This time, let go your conscious
dialog: self and act on instinct.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: With the blast shield down, I can't
dialog: even see. How am I supposed to fight?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Your eyes can deceive you. Don't
dialog: trust them.
text: Han skeptically shakes his head as Ben throws the seeker
text: into the air. The ball shoots straight up in the air, then
text: drops like a rock. Luke swings the lightsaber around blindly
text: missing the seeker, which fires off a laserbolt which hits
text: Luke square on the seat of the pants. He lets out a painful
text: yell and attempts to hit the seeker.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Stretch out with your feelings.
text: Luke stands in one place, seemingly frozen. The seeker makes
text: a dive at Luke and, incredibly, he managed to deflect the
text: bolt. The ball ceases fire and moves back to its original
dialog: position.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You see, you can do it.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: I call it luck.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: In my experience, there's no such
dialog: thing as luck.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Look, going good against remotes is
dialog: one thing. Going good against the
dialog: living? That's something else.
text: Solo notices a small light flashing on the far side of the
dialog: control panel.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Looks like we're coming up on
dialog: Alderaan.
text: Han and Chewbacca head back to the cockpit.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You know, I did feel something. I
text: could almost see the remote.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: That's good. You have taken your
dialog: first step into a larger world.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOM
text: Imperial Officer Cass stands before Governor Tarkin and the
dialog: evil Dark Lord Darth Vader.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: OFFICER CASS
dialog: Our scout ships have reached
dialog: Dantooine. They found the remains of
dialog: a Rebel base, but they estimate that
text: it has been deserted for some time.
dialog: They are now conducting an extensive
text: search of the surrounding systems.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: She lied! She lied to us!
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: I told you she would never consciously
dialog: betray the Rebellion.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: Terminate her... immediately!
scene_heading: EXT. HYPERSPACE
text: The pirateship is just coming out of hyperspace; a strange
text: surreal light show surrounds the ship.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Stand by, Chewie, here we go. Cut in
text: the sublight engines.
text: Han pulls back on a control lever. Outside the cockpit window
text: stars begin streaking past, seem to decrease in speed, then
text: stop. Suddenly the starship begins to shudder and violently
text: shake about. Asteroids begin to race toward them, battering
text: the sides of the ship.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: What the...? Aw, we've come out of
text: hyperspace into a meteor shower.
text: Some kind of asteroid collision.
text: It's not on any of the charts.
text: The Wookiee flips off several controls and seems very cool
text: in the emergency. Luke makes his way into the bouncing
dialog: cockpit.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Our position is correct, except...
dialog: no, Alderaan!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What do you mean? Where is it?
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Thats what I'm trying to tell you,
dialog: kid. It ain't there. It's been totally
text: blown away.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What? How?
text: Ben moves into the cockpit behind Luke as the ship begins to
dialog: settle down.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Destroyed... by the Empire!
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: The entire starfleet couldn't destroy
dialog: the whole planet. It'd take a thousand
dialog: ships with more fire power than
dialog: I've...
text: A signal starts flashing on the control panel and a muffled
text: alarm starts humming.
speaker_heading: HAN
text: There's another ship coming in.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Maybe they know what happened.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It's an Imperial fighter.
text: Chewbacca barks his concern. A huge explosion bursts outside
text: the cockpit window, shaking the ship violently. A tiny, finned
text: Imperial TIE fighter races past the cockpit window.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It followed us!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No. It's a short range fighter.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: There aren't any bases around here.
dialog: Where did it come from?
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: The fighter races past the Corellian pirateship.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: It sure is leaving in a big hurry.
dialog: If they identify us, we're in big
dialog: trouble.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Not if I can help it. Chewie...jam
dialog: it's transmissions.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It'd be as well to let it go. It's
text: too far out of range.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Not for long...
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: The pirateship zooms over the camera and away into the
text: vastness of space after the Imperial TIE fighter.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
text: The tension mounts as the pirateship gains on the tiny
text: fighter. In the distance, one of the stars becomes brighter
text: until it is obvious that the TIE ship is heading for it. Ben
text: stands behind Chewbacca.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: A fighter that size couldn't get
text: this deep into space on its own.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It must have gotten lost, been part
dialog: of a convoy or something.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Well, he ain't going to be around
dialog: long enough to tell anyone about us.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: The TIE fighter is losing ground to the larger pirateship as
text: they race toward camera and disappear over head.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
text: The distant star can be distinguished as a small moon or
dialog: planet.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Look at him. He's headed for that
text: small moon.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: I think I can get him before he gets
text: there... he's almost in range.
text: The small moon begins to take on the appearance of a monstrous
text: spherical battle station.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: That's no moon! It's a space station.
speaker_heading: HAN
text: It's too big to be a space station.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I have a very bad feeling about this.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Yeah, I think your right. Full
dialog: reverse! Chewie, lock in the auxiliary
dialog: power.
text: The pirateship shudders and the TIE fighter accelerates away
text: toward the gargantuan battle station.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why are we still moving towards it?
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: We're caught in a tractor beam! It's
dialog: pulling us in!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: But there's gotta be something you
dialog: can do!
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: There's nothin' I can do about it,
dialog: kid. I'm in full power. I'm going to
dialog: have to shut down. But they're not
dialog: going to get me without a fight!
text: Ben Kenobi puts a hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You can't win. But there are
dialog: alternatives to fighting.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - DEATH STAR
text: As the battered pirate starship is towed closer to the awesome
text: metal moon, the immense size of the massive battle station
text: becomes staggering. Running along the equator of the gigantic
text: sphere is a mile-high band of huge docking ports into which
text: the helpless pirateship is dragged.
scene_heading: EXT. DEATH STAR - HUGE PORT DOORS
text: The helpless Millennium Falcon is pulled past a docking port
text: control room and huge laser turret cannons.
scene_heading: VOICE OVER DEATH STAR INTERCOM
dialog: Clear Bay twenty-three-seven. We are opening the magnetic
dialog: field.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - DOCKING BAY 2037
text: The pirateship is pulled in through port doors of the Death
text: Star, coming to rest in a huge hangar. Thirty stormtroopers
text: stand at attention in a central assembly area.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: To you stations!
dialog: (to another officer)
dialog: Come with me.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY
text: Stormtroopers run to their posts.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - HANGAR 2037
text: A line of stormtroopers march toward the pirateship in
text: readiness to board it, while other troopers stand with weapons
text: ready to fire.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Close all outboard shields! Close
dialog: all outboard shields!
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOM
text: Tarkin pushes a button and responds to the intercom buzz.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (over intercom)
dialog: We've captured a freighter entering
text: the remains of the Alderaan system.
text: It's markings match those of a ship
dialog: that blasted its way out of Mos
dialog: Eisley.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: They must be trying to return the
text: stolen plans to the princess. She
dialog: may yet be of some use to us.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - DOCKING BAY 2037
text: Vader and a commander approach the troops as an Officer and
text: several heavily armed troops exit the spacecraft.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (over intercom)
dialog: Unlock one-five-seven and nine.
dialog: Release charges.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: (to Vader)
dialog: There's no one on board, sir.
dialog: According to the log, the crew
text: abandoned ship right after takeoff.
dialog: It must be a decoy, sir. Several of
text: the escape pods have been jettisoned.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: Did you find any droids?
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: No, sir. If there were any on board,
text: they must also have jettisoned.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: Send a scanning crew on board. I
dialog: want every part of this ship checked.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: I sense something... a presence I
dialog: haven't felt since...
text: Vader turns quickly and exits the hangar.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Get me a scanning crew in here on
dialog: the double. I want every part of
dialog: this ship checked!
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HALLWAY
text: A trooper runs through the hallway heading for the exit. In
text: a few moments all is quiet. The muffled sounds of a distant
text: officer giving orders finally fade. Two floor panels suddenly
text: pop up revealing Han Solo and Luke. Ben Kenobi sticks his
text: head out of a third locker.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Boy, it's lucky you had these
dialog: compartments.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: I use them for smuggling. I never
dialog: thought I'd be smuggling myself in
dialog: them. This is ridiculous. Even if I
dialog: could take off, I'd never get past
text: the tractor beam.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Leave that to me!
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Damn fool. I knew that you were going
dialog: to say that!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Who's the more foolish... the fool
dialog: or the fool who follows him?
text: Han shakes his head, muttering to himself. Chewbacca agrees.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY
text: The crewmen carry a heavy box on board the ship, past the
text: two stormtroopers guarding either side of the ramp.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: The ship's all yours. If the scanners
dialog: pick up anything, report it
dialog: immediately. All right, let's go.
text: The crewmen enter the pirateship and a loud crashing sound
text: is followed by a voice calling to the guard below.
speaker_heading: HAN'S VOICE
dialog: Hey down there, could you give us a
dialog: hand with this?
text: The stormtroopers enter the ship and a quick round of gunfire
text: is heard.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - FORWARD BAY - COMMAND OFFICE
text: In a very small command office near the entrance to the
text: pirateship, a Gantry Officer looks out his window and notices
text: the guards are missing. He speaks into the comlink.
speaker_heading: GANTRY OFFICER
dialog: TX-four-one-two. Why aren't you at
dialog: your post? TX-four-one-two, do you
dialog: copy?
text: A stormtrooper comes down the ramp of the pirateship and
text: waves to the gantry officer, pointing to his ear indicating
text: his comlink is not working. The gantry officer shakes his
text: head in disgust and heads for the door, giving his aide an
text: annoyed look.
speaker_heading: GANTRY OFFICER
dialog: Take over. We've got a bad
dialog: transmitter. I'll see what I can do.
text: As the officer approaches the door, it slides open revealing
text: the towering Chewbacca. The gantry officer, in a momentary
text: state of shock, stumbles backward. With a bone- chilling
text: howl, the giant Wookiee flattens the officer with one blow.
text: The aide immediately reaches for his pistol, but is blasted
text: by Han, dressed as an Imperial stormtrooper. Ben and the
text: robots enter the room quickly followed by Luke, also dressed
text: as a stormtrooper. Luke quickly removes his helmet.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You know, between his howling and
dialog: your blasting everything in sight,
dialog: it's a wonder the whole station
dialog: doesn't know we're here.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Bring them on! I prefer a straight
dialog: fight to all this sneaking around.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: We found the computer outlet, sir.
text: Ben feeds some information into the computer and a map of
text: the city appears on the monitor. He begins to inspect it
text: carefully. Threepio and Artoo look over the control panel.
text: Artoo finds something that makes him whistle wildly.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Plug in. He should be able to
dialog: interpret the entire Imperial computer
dialog: network.
text: Artoo punches his claw arm into the computer socket and the
text: vast Imperial brain network comes to life, feeding information
text: to the little robot. After a few moments, he beeps something.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
text: He says he's found the main computer
dialog: to power the tractor beam that's
dialog: holding the ship here. He'll try to
dialog: make the precise location appear on
text: the monitor.
text: The computer monitor flashes readouts.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
text: The tractor beam is coupled to the
text: main reactor in seven locations. A
dialog: power loss at one of the terminals
dialog: will allow the ship to leave.
text: Ben studies the data on the monitor readout.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I don't think you boys can help. I
dialog: must go alone.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Whatever you say. I've done more
dialog: that I bargained for on this trip
dialog: already.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I want to go with you.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Be patient, Luke. Stay and watch
text: over the droids.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: But he can...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: They must be delivered safely or
dialog: other star systems will suffer the
dialog: same fate as Alderaan. Your destiny
text: lies along a different path than
dialog: mine. The Force will be with you...
dialog: always!
text: Ben adjusts the lightsaber on his belt and silently steps
text: out of the command office, then disappears down a long grey
text: hallway. Chewbacca barks a comment and Han shakes his head
dialog: in agreement.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Boy you said it, Chewie.
text: Han looks at Luke.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Where did you dig up that old fossil?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Ben is a great man.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Yeah, great at getting us into
dialog: trouble.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I didn't hear you give any ideas...
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Well, anything would be better than
text: just hanging around waiting for him
dialog: to pick us up...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Who do you think...
text: Suddenly Artoo begins to whistle and beep a blue streak.
text: Luke goes over to him.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: I'm afraid I'm not quite sure, sir.
dialog: He says "I found her", and keeps
dialog: repeating, "She's here."
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, who... who has he found?
text: Artoo whistles a frantic reply.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Princess Leia.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: The princess? She's here?
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Princess? What's going on?
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Level five. Detention block A A-twenty-
dialog: three. I'm afraid she's scheduled to
dialog: be terminated.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh, no! We've got to do something.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: The droid belongs to her. She's the
dialog: one in the message... We've got to
dialog: help her.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Now, look, don't get any funny ideas.
dialog: The old man wants us to wait right
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: But he didn't know she was here.
dialog: Look, will you just find a way back
dialog: into the detention block?
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: I'm not going anywhere.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: They're going to execute her. Look,
dialog: a few minutes ago you said you didn't
dialog: want to just wait here to be captured.
dialog: Now all you want to do is stay.
speaker_heading: HAN
text: Marching into the detention area is
dialog: not what I had in mind.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: But they're going to kill her!
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Better her than me...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: She's rich.
text: Chewbacca growls.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Rich?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yes. Rich, powerful! Listen, if you
dialog: were to rescue her, the reward would
dialog: be...
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well more wealth that you can imagine.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: I don't know, I can imagine quite a
dialog: bit!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You'll get it!
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: I better!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You will...
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: All right, kid. But you'd better be
dialog: right about this.
text: Han looks at Chewie, who grunts a short grunt.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: What's your plan?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Uh... Threepio, hand me those binders
dialog: there will you?
text: Luke moves toward Chewbacca with electronic cuffs.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Okay. Now, I'm going to put these on
dialog: you.
text: Chewie lets out a hideous growl.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Okay. Han, you put these on.
text: Luke sheepishly hands the binders to Han.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Don't worry, Chewie. I think I know
dialog: what he has in mind.
text: The Wookiee has a worried and frightened look on his face as
text: Han binds him with the electronic cuffs.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Master Luke, sir! Pardon me for
dialog: asking... but, ah... what should
dialog: Artoo and I do if we're discovered
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Lock the door!
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: And hope they don't have blasters.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: That isn't very reassuring.
text: Luke and Han put on their armored stormtrooper helmets and
text: start off into the giant Imperial Death Star.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION AREA - ELEVATOR TUBE
text: Han and Luke try to look inconspicuous in their armored suits
text: as they wait for a vacuum elevator to arrive. Troops,
text: bureaucrats, and robots bustle about, ignoring the trio
text: completely. Only a few give the giant Wookiee a curious
dialog: glance.
text: Finally a small elevator arrives and the trio enters.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I can't see a thing in this helmet.
text: A bureaucrat races to get aboard also, but is signaled away
text: by Han. The door to the pod-like vehicle slides closed and
text: the elevator car takes off through a vacuum tube.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN HALLWAY
text: Several Imperial officers walk through the wide main
text: passageway. They pass several stormtroopers and a robot
text: similar to Threepio but with an insect face. At the far end
text: of the hallway, a passing flash of Ben Kenobi appears, then
text: disappears down a small hallway. His appearance is so fleeting
text: that it is hard to tell if he is real or just an illusion.
text: No one in the hallway seems to notice him.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - INTERIOR ELEVATOR - DETENTION SECURITY
speaker_heading: AREA
text: Luke and Han step forward to exit the elevator, but the door
text: slides open behind them. The giant Wookiee and his two guards
text: enter the old grey security station. Guards and laser gates
text: are everywhere. Han whispers to Luke under his breath.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: This is not going to work.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why didn't you say so before?
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: I did say so before!
scene_heading: INT. DETENTION AREA
text: Elevator doors open. A tall, grim looking Officer approaches
dialog: the trio.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Where are you taking this... thing?
text: Chewie growls a bit at the remark but Han nudges him to shut
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Prisoner transfer from Block one-one-
dialog: three-eight.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: I wasn't notified. I'll have to clear
dialog: it.
text: The officer goes back to his console and begins to punch in
text: the information. There are only three other troopers in the
text: area. Luke and Han survey the situation, checking all of the
text: alarms, laser gates, and camera eyes. Han unfastens one of
text: Chewbacca's electronic cuffs and shrugs to Luke.
text: Suddenly Chewbacca throws up his hands and lets out with one
text: of his ear-piercing howls. He grabs Han's laser rifle.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Look out! He's loose!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: He's going to pull us all apart.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Go get him!
text: The startled guards are momentarily dumbfounded. Luke and
text: Han have already pulled out their laser pistols and are
text: blasting away at the terrifying Wookiee. Their barrage of
text: laserfire misses Chewbacca, but hits the camera eyes, laser
text: gate controls, and the Imperial guards. The officer is the
text: last of the guards to fall under the laserfire just as he is
text: about to push the alarm system. Han rushes to the comlink
text: system, which is screeching questions about what is going
text: on. He quickly checks the computer readout.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: We've got to find out which cell
dialog: this princess of yours is in. Here
dialog: it is... cell twenty-one-eight-seven.
dialog: You go get her. I'll hold them here.
text: Luke races down one of the cell corridors. Han speaks into
text: the buzzing comlink.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (sounding official)
dialog: Everything is under control. Situation
dialog: normal.
speaker_heading: INTERCOM VOICE
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (getting nervous)
dialog: Uh... had a slight weapons
dialog: malfunction. But, uh, everything's
dialog: perfectly all right now. We're fine.
dialog: We're all fine here, now, thank you.
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: INTERCOM VOICE
dialog: We're sending a squad up.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Uh, uh, negative. We had a reactor
dialog: leak here now. Give us a few minutes
dialog: to lock it down. Large leak... very
dialog: dangerous.
speaker_heading: INTERCOM VOICE
dialog: Who is this? What's your operating
dialog: number?
text: Han blasts the comlink and it explodes.
speaker_heading: HAN
text: Boring conversation anyway.
dialog: (yelling down the
dialog: hall)
dialog: Luke! We're going to have company!
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - CELL ROW
text: Luke stops in front of one of the cells and blasts the door
text: away with a laser pistol. When the smoke clears, Luke sees
text: the dazzling young princess-senator. She had been sleeping
text: and is now looking at him with an uncomprehending look on
text: her face. Luke is stunned by her incredible beauty and stands
text: staring at her with his mouth hanging open.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Aren't you a little short to be a
dialog: stormtrooper?
text: Luke takes off his helmet, coming out of it.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What? Oh... the uniform. I'm Luke
dialog: Skywalker. I'm here to rescue you.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: You're who?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm here to rescue you. I've got
dialog: your R2 unit. I'm here with Ben
dialog: Kenobi.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Ben Kenobi is here! Where is he?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Come on!
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOM
text: Darth Vader paces the room as Governor Tarkin sits at the
text: far end of the conference table.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: He is here...
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: Obi-Wan Kenobi! What makes you think
dialog: so?
speaker_heading: VADER
text: A tremor in the Force. The last time
dialog: I felt it was in the presence of my
dialog: old master.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: Surely he must be dead by now.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: Don't underestimate the power of the
dialog: Force.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: The Jedi are extinct, their fire has
dialog: gone out of the universe. You, my
dialog: friend, are all that's left of their
dialog: religion.
text: There is a quiet buzz on the comlink.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: INTERCOM VOICE
dialog: Governor Tarkin, we have an emergency
dialog: alert in detention block A A-twenty-
dialog: three.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: The princess! Put all sections on
dialog: alert!
speaker_heading: VADER
text: Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: If you're right, he must not be
dialog: allowed to escape.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: Escape is not his plan. I must face
text: him alone.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION AREA - HALLWAY
text: An ominous buzzing sound is heard on the other side of the
text: elevator door.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Chewie!
text: Chewbacca responds with a growling noise.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Get behind me! Get behind me!
text: A series of explosions knock a hole in the elevator door
text: through which several Imperial troops begin to emerge.
text: Han and Chewie fire laser pistols at them through the smoke
text: and flame. They turn and run down the cell hallway, meeting
text: up with Luke and Leia rushing toward them.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Can't get out that way.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Looks like you managed to cut off
dialog: our only escape route.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Maybe you'd like it back in your
dialog: cell, Your Highness.
text: Luke takes a small comlink transmitter from his belt as they
text: continue to exchange fire with stormtroopers making their
text: way down the corridor.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: See-Threepio! See-Threepio!
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: (over comlink)
dialog: Yes sir?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We've been cut off! Are there any
dialog: other ways out of the cell bay?...
dialog: What was that? I didn't copy!
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN BAY GANTRY - CONTROL TOWER
text: Threepio paces the control center as little Artoo beeps and
text: whistles a blue streak. Threepio yells into the small comlink
dialog: transmitter.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: I said, all systems have been alerted
dialog: to your presence, sir. The main
text: entrance seems to be the only way in
dialog: or out; all other information on
dialog: your level is restricted.
text: Someone begins banging on the door.
speaker_heading: TROOPER VOICE
dialog: Open up in there!
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Oh, no!
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION CORRIDOR
text: Luke and Leia crouch together in an alcove for protection as
text: they continue to exchange fire with troops. Han and Chewbacca
text: are barely able to keep the stormtroopers at bay at the far
text: and of the hallway. The laserfire is very intense, and smoke
text: fills the narrow cell corridor.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: There isn't any other way out.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: I can't hold them off forever! Now
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: This is some rescue. When you came
dialog: in here, didn't you have a plan for
dialog: getting out?
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (pointing to Luke)
dialog: He's the brains, sweetheart.
text: Luke manages a sheepish grin and shrugs his shoulders.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, I didn't...
text: The princess grabs Luke's gun and fires at a small grate in
text: the wall next to Han, almost frying him.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Somebody has to save our skins. Into
dialog: the garbage chute, wise guy.
text: She jumps through the narrow opening as Han and Chewbacca
text: look on in amazement. Chewbacca sniffs the garbage chute and
text: says something.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Get in there you big furry oaf! I
dialog: don't care what you smell! Get in
dialog: there and don't worry about it.
text: Han gives him a kick and the Wookiee disappears into the
text: tiny opening. Luke and Han continue firing as they work their
text: way toward the opening.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Wonderful girl! Either I'm going to
dialog: kill her or I'm beginning to like
dialog: her. Get in there!
text: Luke ducks laserfire as he jumps into the darkness. Han fires
text: off a couple of quick blasts creating a smokey cover, then
text: slides into the chute himself and is gone.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM
text: Han tumbles into the large room filled with garbage and muck.
text: Luke is already stumbling around looking for an exit. He
text: finds a small hatchway and struggles to get it open. It won't
dialog: budge.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Oh! The garbage chute was a really
dialog: wonderful idea. What an incredible
dialog: smell you've discovered! Let's get
dialog: out of here! Get away from there...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No! wait!
text: Han draws his laser pistol and fires at the hatch. The
text: laserbolt ricochets wildly around the small metal room.
text: Everyone dives for cover in the garbage as the bolt explodes
text: almost on top of them. Leia climbs out of the garbage with a
text: rather grim look on her face.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Will you forget it? I already tried
dialog: it. It's magnetically sealed!
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Put that thing away! You're going to
dialog: get us all killed.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Absolutely, Your Worship. Look, I
dialog: had everything under control until
dialog: you led us down here. You know, it's
dialog: not going to take them long to figure
dialog: out what happened to us.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: It could be worse...
text: A loud, horrible, inhuman moan works its way up from the
text: murky depths. Chewbacca lets out a terrified howl and begins
text: to back away. Han and Luke stand fast with their laser pistols
text: drawn. The Wookiee is cowering near one of the walls.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: It's worse.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: There's something alive in here!
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: That's your imagination.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Something just moves past my leg!
dialog: Look! Did you see that?
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Help!
text: Suddenly Luke is yanked under the garbage.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Luke! Luke! Luke!
text: Solo tries to get to Luke. Luke surfaces with a gasp of air
text: and thrashing of limbs. A membrane tentacle is wrapped around
text: his throat.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Luke!
text: Leia extends a long pipe toward him.
speaker_heading: LEIA
text: Luke, Luke, grab a hold of this.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Blast it, will you! My gun's jammed.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Anywhere! Oh!!
text: Solo fires his gun downward. Luke is pulled back into the
text: muck by the slimy tentacle.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Luke! Luke!
text: Suddenly the walls of the garbage receptacle shudder and
text: move in a couple of inches. Then everything is deathly quiet.
text: Han and Leia give each other a worried look as Chewbacca
text: howls in the corner. With a rush of bubbles and muck Luke
text: suddenly bobs to the surface.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Grab him!
text: Luke seems to be released by the thing.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I don't know, it just let go of me
dialog: and disappeared...
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: I've got a very bad feeling about
dialog: this.
text: Before anyone can say anything the walls begin to rumble and
text: edge toward the Rebels.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: The walls are moving!
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Don't just stand there. Try to brace
dialog: it with something.
text: They place poles and long metal beams between the closing
text: walls, but they are simply snapped and bent as the giant
text: trashmasher rumbles on. The situation doesn't look too good.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Wait a minute!
text: Luke pulls out his comlink.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Threepio! Come in Threepio! Threepio!
dialog: Where could he be?
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN GANTRY - COMMAND OFFICE
text: A soft buzzer and the muted voice of Luke calling out for
text: See-Threepio can be heard on Threepio's hand comlink, which
text: is sitting on the deserted computer console. Artoo and
text: Threepio are nowhere in sight. Suddenly there is a great
text: explosion and the door of the control tower flies across the
text: floor. Four armed stormtroopers enter the chamber.
speaker_heading: FIRST TROOPER
dialog: Take over!
dialog: (pointing to the dead
dialog: officer)
dialog: See to him! Look there!
text: A trooper pushes a button and the supply cabinet door slides
text: open. See-Threepio and Artoo-Detoo are inside. Artoo follows
text: his bronze companion out into the office.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: They're madmen! They're heading for
dialog: the prison level. If you hurry, you
dialog: might catch them.
speaker_heading: FIRST OFFICER
dialog: (to his troops)
dialog: Follow me! You stand guard.
text: The troops hustle off down the hallway, leaving a guard to
text: watch over the command office.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: (to Artoo)
dialog: Come on!
text: The guard aims a blaster at them.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Oh! All this excitement has overrun
dialog: the circuits of my counterpart here.
dialog: If you don't mind, I'd like to take
text: him down to maintenance.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: All right.
text: The guard nods and Threepio, with little Artoo in tow, hurries
text: out the door.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM
text: As the walls rumble closed, the room gets smaller and smaller.
text: Chewie is whining and trying to hold a wall back with his
text: giant paws.
text: Han is leaning back against the other wall. Garbage is
text: snapping and popping. Luke is trying to reach Threepio.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Threepio! Come in, Threepio! Threepio!
text: Han and Leia try to brace the contracting walls with a pole.
text: Leia begins to sink into the trash.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Get to the top!
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: I can't
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Where could he be? Threepio! Threepio,
dialog: will you come in?
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: They aren't here! Something must
dialog: have happened to them. See if they've
dialog: been captured.
text: Little Artoo carefully plugs his claw arm into a new wall
text: socket and a complex array of electronic sounds spew from
text: the tiny robot.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Hurry!
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM
text: The walls are only feet apart. Leia and Han are braced against
text: the walls. The princess is frightened. They look at each
text: other. Leia reaches out and takes Han's hand and she holds
text: it tightly. She's terrified and suddenly groans as she feels
text: the first crushing pressure against her body.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: One thing's for sure. We're all going
dialog: to be a lot thinner!
dialog: (to Leia)
dialog: Get on top of it!
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: I'm trying!
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: (to Artoo)
dialog: Thank goodness, they haven't found
dialog: them! Where could they be?
text: Artoo frantically beeps something to See-Threepio.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Use the comlink? Oh, my! I forgot I
dialog: turned it off!
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM
text: Meanwhile, Luke is lying on his side, trying to keep his
text: head above the rising ooze. Luke's comlink begins to buzz
text: and he rips it off his belt.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL
text: Muffled sounds of Luke's voice over the comlink can be heard,
text: but not distinctly.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Are you there, sir?
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Threepio!
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: We've had some problems...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (over comlink)
dialog: Will you shut up and listen to me?
dialog: Shut down all garbage mashers on the
dialog: detention level, will you? Do you
dialog: copy?
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Shut down all the garbage mashers on
dialog: the detention level.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (over comlink)
dialog: Shut down all the garbage mashers on
dialog: the detention level.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: (to Artoo)
dialog: No. Shut them all down! Hurry!
text: Threepio holds his head in agony as he hears the incredible
text: screaming and hollering from Luke's comlink.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Listen to them! They're dying, Artoo!
dialog: Curse my metal body! I wasn't fast
dialog: enough. It's all my fault! My poor
dialog: master!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (over comlink)
dialog: Threepio, we're all right!
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM
text: The screaming and hollering is the sound of joyous relief.
text: The walls have stopped moving. Han, Chewie and Leia embrace
text: in the background.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We're all right. You did great.
text: Luke moves to the pressure sensitive hatch, looking for a
dialog: number.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey... hey, open the pressure
dialog: maintenance hatch on unit number...
dialog: where are we?
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (over comlink)
dialog: Three-two-six-eight-two-seven.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - TRACTOR BEAM - POWER GENERATOR TRENCH
text: Ben enters a humming service trench that powers the huge
text: tractor beam. The trench seems to be a hundred miles deep.
text: The clacking sound of huge switching devices can be heard.
text: The old Jedi edges his his way along a narrow ledge leading
text: to a control panel that connects two large cables. He
text: carefully makes several adjustments in the computer terminal,
text: and several lights on the board go from red to blue.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - UNUSED HALLWAY
text: The group exits the garbage room into a dusty, unused hallway.
text: Han and Luke remove the trooper suits and strap on the blaster
dialog: belts.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: If we can just avoid any more female
dialog: advice, we ought to be able to get
dialog: out of here.
text: Luke smiles and scratches his head as he takes a blaster
dialog: from Solo.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, let's get moving!
text: Chewie begins growling and points to the hatch to the garbage
text: room, as he runs away and then stops howling.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (to Chewie)
dialog: Where are you going?
text: The Dia Nogu bangs against the hatch and a long, slimy
text: tentacle works its way out of the doorway searching for a
text: victim. Han aims his pistol.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: No, wait. They'll hear!
text: Han fires at the doorway. The noise of the blast echoes
text: relentlessly throughout the empty passageway. Luke simply
text: shakes his head in disgust.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (to Chewie)
dialog: Come here, you big coward!
text: Chewie shakes his head "no."
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Chewie! Come here!
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Listen. I don't know who you are, or
dialog: where you came from, but from now
dialog: on, you do as I tell you. Okay?
text: Han is stunned at the command of the petite young girl.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Look, Your Worshipfulness, let's get
dialog: one thing straight! I take orders
dialog: from one person! Me!
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: It's a wonder you're still alive.
dialog: (looking at Chewie)
dialog: Will somebody get this big walking
dialog: carpet out of my way?
text: Han watches her start away. He looks at Luke.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: No reward is worth this.
text: They follow her, moving swiftly down the deserted corridor.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - POWER TRENCH
text: Suddenly a door behind Ben slides open and a detachment of
text: stormtroopers marches to the power trench. Ben instantly
text: slips into the shadows as an Officer moves to within a few
text: feet of him.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Secure this area until the alert is
dialog: canceled.
speaker_heading: FIRST TROOPER
dialog: Give me regular reports.
text: All but two of the stormtroopers leave.
speaker_heading: FIRST TROOPER
dialog: Do you know what's going on?
speaker_heading: SECOND TROOPER
dialog: Maybe it's another drill.
text: Ben moves around the tractor beam, watching the stormtroopers
text: as they turn their backs to him. Ben gestures with his hand
text: toward them, as the troops think they hear something in the
text: other hallway. With the help of the Force, Ben deftly slips
text: past the troopers and into the main hallway.
speaker_heading: SECOND TROOPER
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: FIRST TROOPER
dialog: Oh, it's nothing. Don't worry about
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY
text: Luke, Han, Chewbacca, and Leia run down an empty hallway and
text: stop before a bay window overlooking the pirateship. Troopers
text: are milling about the ship. Luke takes out his pocket comlink.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (looking at his ship)
text: There she is.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: See-Threepio, do you copy?
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: (voice)
dialog: For the moment. Uh, we're in the
text: main hangar across from the ship.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We're right above you. Stand by.
text: Han is watching the dozen or so troops moving in and out of
text: the pirateship. Leia moves towards Han, touches his arm and
text: points out the window to the ship.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: You came in that thing? You're braver
dialog: that I thought.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Nice! Come on!
text: Han gives her a dirty look, and they start off down the
text: hallway. They round a corner and run right into twenty
text: Imperial stormtroopers heading toward them. Both groups are
text: taken by surprise and stop in their tracks.
speaker_heading: FIRST TROOPER
dialog: It's them! Blast them!
text: Before even thinking, Han draws his laser pistol and charges
text: the troops, firing. His blaster knocks one of the
text: stormtroopers into the air. Chewie follows his captain down
text: the corridor, stepping over the fallen trooper on the floor.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (to Luke and Leia)
dialog: Get back to the ship!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Where are you going? Come back!
text: Han has already rounded a corner and does not hear.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: He certainly has courage.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What good will it do us if he gets
dialog: himself killed? Come on!
text: Luke is furious but doesn't have time to think about it for
text: muted alarms begin to go off down on the hangar deck. Luke
text: and Leia start off toward the starship hangar.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - SUBHALLWAY
text: Han chases the stormtroopers down a long subhallway. He is
text: yelling and brandishing his laser pistol. The troops reach a
text: dead end and are forced to turn and fight. Han stops a few
text: feet from them and assumes a defensive position. The troops
text: begin to raise their laser guns. Soon all ten troopers are
text: moving into an attack position in front of the lone
text: starpirate. Han's determined look begins to fade as the troops
text: begin to advance. Solo jumps backward as they fire at him.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - SUBHALLWAY
text: Chewbacca runs down the subhallway in a last-ditch attempt
text: to save his bold captain. Suddenly he hears the firing of
text: laser guns and yelling. Around the corner shoots Han, pirate
text: extraordinaire, running for his life, followed by a host of
text: furious stormtroopers. Chewbacca turns and starts running
dialog: the other way also.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - SUBHALLWAY
text: Luke fires his laser pistol wildly as he and Leia rush down
text: a narrow subhallway, chased by several stormtroopers. They
text: quickly reach the end of the subhallway and race through an
text: open hatchway.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - CENTRAL CORE SHAFT
text: Luke and Leia race through the hatch onto a narrow bridge
text: that spans a huge, deep shaft that seems to go into infinity.
text: The bridge has been retracted into the wall of the shaft,
text: and Luke almost rushes into the abyss. He loses his balance
text: off the end of the bridge as Leia, behind him, takes hold of
text: his arm and pulls him back.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: I think we took a wrong turn.
text: Blasts from the stormtroopers' laser guns explode nearby
text: reminding them of the oncoming danger. Luke fires back at
text: the advancing troops. Leia reaches over and hits a switch
text: that pops the hatch door shut with a resounding boom, leaving
text: them precariously perched on a short piece of bridge overhang.
text: Laserfire from the troopers continues to hit the steel door.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: There's no lock!
text: Luke blasts the controls with his laser pistol.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That oughta hold it for a while.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Quick, we've got to get across. Find
text: the control that extends the bridge.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh, I think I just blasted it.
text: Luke looks at the blasted bridge control while the
text: stormtroopers on the opposite side of the door begin making
text: ominous drilling and pounding sounds.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: They're coming through!
text: Luke notices something on his stormtrooper belt, when
text: laserfire hits the wall behind him. Luke aims his laser pistol
text: at a stormtrooper perched on a higher bridge overhang across
text: the abyss from them. They exchange fire. Two more troops
text: appear on another overhang, also firing. A trooper is hit,
text: and grabs at his chest.
text: Another trooper standing on the bridge overhang is hit by
text: Luke's laserfire, and plummets down the shaft. Troopers move
text: back off the bridge; Luke hands the gun to Leia.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Here, hold this.
text: Luke pulls a thin nylon cable from his trooper utility belt.
text: It has a grappler hook on it. A trooper appears on a bridge
text: overhang and fires at Luke and Leia. As Luke works with the
text: rope, Leia returns the laser volley. Another trooper appears
text: and fires at them, as Leia returns his fire as well.
text: Suddenly, the hatch door begins to open, revealing the feet
dialog: of more troops.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Here they come!
text: Leia hits one of the stormtroopers on the bridge above, and
text: he falls into the abyss. Luke tosses the rope across the
text: gorge and it wraps itself around an outcropping of pipes. He
text: tugs on the rope to make sure it is secure, then grabs the
text: princess in his arms. Leia looks at Luke, then kisses him
text: quickly on the lips. Luke is very surprised.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: For luck!
text: Luke pushes off and they swing across the treacherous abyss
text: to the corresponding hatchway on the opposite side. Just as
text: Luke and Leia reach the far side of the canyon, the
text: stormtroopers break through the hatch and begin to fire at
text: the escaping duo. Luke returns the fire before ducking into
text: the tiny subhallway.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - NARROW PASSAGEWAY
text: Ben hides in the shadows of the narrow passageway as several
text: stormtroopers rush past him in the main hallway. He checks
text: to make sure they're gone, then runs down the hallway in the
text: opposite direction. Darth Vader appears at the far end of
text: the hallway and starts after the old Jedi.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY
text: Threepio looks around at the troops milling about the
text: pirateship entry ramp.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Where could they be?
text: Artoo, plugged into the computer socket, turns his dome left
text: and right, beeping a response.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - CORRIDOR - BLAST SHIELDS DOOR
text: Han and Chewbacca run down a long corridor with several
text: troopers hot on their trail.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: Close the blast doors!
text: At the end of the hallway, blast doors begin to close in
text: front of them. The young starpilot and his furry companion
text: race past the huge doors just as they are closing, and manage
text: to get off a couple off laserblasts at the pursuing troops
text: before the doors slam shut.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: Open the blast doors! Open the blast
dialog: doors!
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY LEADING TO MAIN FORWARD BAY
text: Ben hurries along one of the tunnels leading to the hangar
text: where the pirateship waits. Just before he reaches the hangar,
text: Darth Vader steps into view at the end of the tunnel, not
text: ten feet away. Vader lights his saber. Ben also ignites his
text: and steps slowly forward.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: I've been waiting for you, Obi-Wan.
text: We meet again, at last. The circle
text: is now complete.
text: Ben Kenobi moves with elegant ease into a classical offensive
text: position. The fearsome Dark Knight takes a defensive stance.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: When I left you, I was but the
dialog: learner; now I am the master.
speaker_heading: BEN
text: Only a master of evil, Darth.
text: The two Galactic warriors stand perfectly still for a few
text: moments, sizing each other up and waiting for the right
text: moment. Ben seems to be under increasing pressure and strain,
text: as if an invisible weight were being placed upon him. He
text: shakes his head and, blinking, tries to clear his eyes.
text: Ben makes a sudden lunge at the huge warrior but is checked
text: by a lightning movement of The Sith. A masterful slash stroke
text: by Vader is blocked by the old Jedi. Another of the Jedi's
text: blows is blocked, then countered. Ben moves around the Dark
text: Lord and starts backing into the massive starship hangar.
text: The two powerful warriors stand motionless for a few moments
text: with laser swords locked in mid-air, creating a low buzzing
dialog: sound.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: Your powers are weak, old man.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You can't win, Darth. If you strike
dialog: me down, I shall become more powerful
dialog: than you can possibly imagine.
text: Their lightsabers continue to meet in combat.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY
text: Han Solo and Chewbacca, their weapons in hand, lean back
text: against the wall surveying the forward bay, watching the
text: Imperial stormtroopers make their rounds of the hangar.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Didn't we just leave this party?
text: Chewbacca growls a reply, as Luke and the princess join them.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: What kept you?
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: We ran into some old friends.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Is the ship all right?
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Seems okay, if we can get to it.
dialog: Just hope the old man got the tractor
dialog: beam out of commission.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY
text: Vader and Ben Kenobi continue their powerful duel. As they
text: hit their lightsabers together, lightning flashes on impact.
text: Troopers look on in interest as the old Jedi and Dark Lord
text: of The Sith fight. Suddenly Luke spots the battle from his
text: group's vantage point.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Look!
text: Luke, Leia, Han, and Chewie look up and see Ben and Vader
text: emerging from the hallways on the far side of the docking
dialog: bay.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - DOCKING BAY
text: Threepio and Artoo-Detoo are in the center of the Death Star's
text: Imperial docking bay.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Come on, Artoo, we're going!
text: Threepio ducks out of sight as the seven stormtroopers who
text: were guarding the starship rush past them heading towards
text: Ben and The Sith Knight. He pulls on Artoo.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY
text: Solo, Chewie, Luke, and Leia tensely watch the duel. The
text: troops rush toward the battling knights.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Now's our chance! Go!
text: They start for the Millennium Falcon. Ben sees the troops
text: charging toward him and realizes that he is trapped. Vader
text: takes advantage of Ben's momentary distraction and brings
text: his mighty lightsaber down on the old man. Ben manages to
text: deflect the blow and swiftly turns around.
text: The old Jedi Knight looks over his shoulder at Luke, lifts
text: his sword from Vader's then watches his opponent with a serene
text: look on his face.
text: Vader brings his sword down, cutting old Ben in half. Ben's
text: cloak falls to the floor in two parts, but Ben is not in it.
text: Vader is puzzled at Ben's disappearance and pokes at the
text: empty cloak. As the guards are distracted, the adventurers
text: and the robots reach the starship. Luke sees Ben cut in two
text: and starts for him. Aghast, he yells out.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No!
text: The stormtroopers turn toward Luke and begin firing at him.
text: The robots are already moving up the ramp into the Millennium
text: Falcon, while Luke, transfixed by anger and awe, returns
text: their fire. Solo joins in the laserfire. Vader looks up and
text: advances toward them, as one of his troopers is struck down.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: Come on!
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Come on! Luke, its too late!
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Blast the door! Kid!
text: Luke fires his pistol at the door control panel, and it
text: explodes. The door begins to slide shut. Three troopers charge
text: forward firing laser bolts, as the door slides to a close
text: behind them, shutting Vader and the other troops out of the
text: docking bay. A stormtrooper lies dead at the feet of his
text: onrushing compatriots. Luke starts for the advancing troops,
text: as Solo and Leia move up the ramp into the pirateship. He
text: fires, hitting a stormtrooper, who crumbles to the floor.
speaker_heading: BEN'S VOICE
dialog: Run, Luke! Run!
text: Luke looks around to see where the voice came from. He turns
text: toward the pirateship, ducking Imperial gunfire from the
text: troopers and races into the ship.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
text: Han pulls back on the controls and the ship begins to move.
text: The dull thud of laser bolts bouncing off the outside of the
text: ship as Chewie adjusts his controls.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: I hope the old man got that tractor
dialog: beam out if commission, or this is
dialog: going to be a real short trip. Okay,
dialog: hit it!
text: Chewbacca growls in agreement.
scene_heading: EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON
text: The Millennium Falcon powers away from the Death Star docking
text: bay, makes a spectacular turn and disappears into the vastness
dialog: of space.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CENTRAL HOLD AREA
text: Luke, saddened by the loss of Obi-Wan Kenobi, stares off
text: blankly as the robots look on. Leia puts a blanket around
text: him protectively, and Luke turns and looks up at her. She
text: sits down beside him.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
text: Solo spots approaching enemy ships.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (to Chewie)
text: We're coming up on the sentry ships.
dialog: Hold 'em off! Angle the deflector
dialog: shields while I charge up the main
dialog: guns!
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CENTRAL HOLD AREA
text: Luke looks downward sadly, shaking his head back and forth,
text: as the princess smiles comfortingly at him.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I can't believe he's gone.
text: Artoo-Detoo beeps a reply.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: There wasn't anything you could have
dialog: done.
text: Han rushes into the hold area where Luke is sitting with the
dialog: princess.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: Come on, buddy, we're not out of
dialog: this yet!
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS - COCKPIT
text: Solo climbs into his attack position in the topside gunport.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD AREA
text: Luke gets up and moves out toward the gunports as Leia heads
dialog: for the cockpit.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS - COCKPIT
text: Luke climbs down the ladder into the gunport cockpit, settling
text: into one of the two main laser cannons mounted in large
text: rotating turrets on either side of the ship.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SOLO'S GUNPORT
text: Han adjusts his headset as he sits before the controls of
text: his laser cannon, then speaks into the attached microphone.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: You in, kid? Okay, stay sharp!
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS - COCKPIT
text: Chewbacca and Princess Leia search the heavens for attacking
text: TIE fighters. The Wookiee pulls back on the speed controls
text: as the ship bounces slightly.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SOLO'S GUNPORT - COCKPIT
text: Computer graphic readouts form on Solo's target screen, as
text: Han reaches for controls.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORT - COCKPIT
text: Luke sits in readiness for the attack, his hand on the laser
text: cannon's control button.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT.
text: Chewbacca spots the enemy ships and barks.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: (into intercom)
dialog: Here they come!
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - POV (POINT OF VIEW) -
speaker_heading: SPACE
text: The Imperial TIE fighters move towards the Millennium Falcon,
text: one each veering off to the left and right of the pirateship.
scene_heading: INT. TIE FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: The stars whip past behind the Imperial pilot as he adjusts
text: his maneuvering joy stick.
scene_heading: EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - IN SPACE
text: The TIE fighter races past the Falcon, firing laser beams as
text: it passes.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD AREA
text: Threepio is seated in the hold area, next to Artoo-Detoo.
text: The pirateship bounces and vibrates as the power goes out in
text: the room and then comes back on.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - GUNPORTS
text: A TIE fighter maneuvers in front of Han, who follows it and
text: fires at it with the laser cannon. Luke does likewise, as
text: the fighter streaks into view. The ship has suffered a minor
text: hit, and bounces slightly.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: Two TIE fighters dive down toward the pirateship.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS
text: Luke fires at an unseen fighter.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: They're coming in too fast!
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON/TIE FIGHTERS
text: Pan with pirateship as two TIE fighters charge through the
text: background. Laserbolts streak from all the craft.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CHEWBACCA
text: The ship shudders as a laserbolt hits very close to the
text: cockpit. The Wookiee chatters something to Leia.
scene_heading: EXT. TIE FIGHTER - SPACE
text: Full shot of a TIE fighter as it moves fast through the frame,
text: firing on the pirate starship.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE - TIE FIGHTERS
text: The two TIE fighters fire a barrage of laserbeams at the
dialog: pirateship.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - MAIN PASSAGEWAY
text: A laserbolt streaks into the side of the pirateship. The
text: ship lurches violently, throwing poor Threepio into a cabinet
text: fill of small computer chips.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Oooh!
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - GUNPORTS
text: Leia watches the computer readout as Chewbacca manipulates
text: the ship's controls.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: We've lost lateral controls.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Don't worry, she'll hold together.
text: An enemy laserbolt hits the pirateship's control panel,
text: causing it to blow out in a shower of sparks.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (to ship)
dialog: You hear me, baby? Hold together!
text: Artoo-Detoo advances toward the smoking sparking control
text: panel, dousing the inferno by spraying it with fire retardant
text: beeping all the while.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORT
text: Luke swivels in his gun mount, following the TIE fighter
text: with his laser cannon.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORT
text: Solo aims his laser cannon at the enemy fighter.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: A TIE fighter streaks in front of the starship.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
text: Leia watches the TIE fighter ship fly over.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: A TIE fighter heads right for the pirateship, then zooms
text: overhead.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS
text: Luke follows the TIE fighter across his field of view, firing
text: laserbeams from his cannon.
scene_heading: EXT. TIE FIGHTER
text: A TIE fighter dives past the pirateship.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS
text: Luke fires at a TIE fighter. At his port, Han follows a
text: fighter in his sights, releasing a blast of laserfire. He
text: connects, and the fighter explodes into fiery dust. Han laughs
text: victoriously.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: Two TIE fighters move toward and over the Millennium Falcon,
text: unleashing a barrage of laserbolts at the ship.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS
text: Another TIE fighter moves in on the pirateship and Luke,
text: smiling, fires the laser cannon at it, scoring a spectacular
dialog: direct hit.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Got him! I got him!
text: Han turns and gives Luke a victory wave which Luke gleefully
dialog: returns.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Great kid! Don't get cocky.
text: Han turns back to his laser cannon.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: Two more TIE fighters cross in front of the pirateship.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
text: While Chewbacca manipulates the controls, Leia turns, looking
text: over her shoulder out the ports.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: There are still two more of them out
dialog: there!
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: A TIE fighter moves up over the pirateship, firing laserblasts
text: at it.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS
text: Luke and Han look into their respective projected target
text: screens. An Imperial fighter crosses Solo's port, and Han
text: swivels in his chair, following it with blasts from his laser
text: cannon. Another fighter crosses Luke's port, and he reacts
text: in a like manner, the glow of his target screen lighting his
dialog: face.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: The TIE fighter zooms toward the pirateship, firing
text: destructive blasts at it.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS
text: Luke fires a laserblast at the approaching enemy fighter,
text: and it bursts into a spectacular explosion. Luke's projected
text: screen gives a readout of the hit. The pirateship bounces
text: slightly as it is struck by the enemy fire.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE - TIE FIGHTER
text: The last of the attacking Imperial TIE fighters looms in,
text: firing upon the Falcon.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORT
text: Solo swivels behind his cannon, his aim describing the arc
text: of the TIE fighter. The fighter comes closer, firing at the
text: pirateship, but a well-aimed blast from Solo's laser cannon
text: hits the attacker, which blows up in a small atomic shower
text: of burning fragments.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: That's it! We did it!
text: The princess jumps up and gives Chewie a congratulatory hug.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: We did it!
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - PASSAGEWAY
text: Threepio lies on the floor of the ship, completely tangled
text: in the smoking, sparking wires.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Help! I think I'm melting!
dialog: (to Artoo)
dialog: This is all your fault.
text: Artoo turns his dome from side to side, beeping in response.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON
text: The victorious Millennium Falcon moves off majestically
dialog: through space.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM
text: Darth Vader strides into the control room, where Tarkin is
text: watching the huge view screen. A sea of stars is before him.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: Are they away?
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: They have just made the jump into
text: hyperspace.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: You're sure the homing beacon is
dialog: secure aboard their ship? I'm taking
dialog: an awful risk, Vader. This had better
dialog: work.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
text: Han, removes his gloves and smiling, is at the controls of
text: the ship. Chewie moves into the aft section to check the
text: damage. Leia is seated near Han.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Not a bad bit of rescuing, huh? You
dialog: know, sometimes I even amaze myself.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: That doesn't sound too hard. Besides,
dialog: they let us go. It's the only
dialog: explanation for the ease of our
dialog: escape.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Easy... you call that easy?
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Their tracking us!
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Not this ship, sister.
text: Frustrated, Leia shakes her head.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: At least the information in Artoo is
text: still intact.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: What's so important? What's he
dialog: carrying?
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: The technical readouts of that battle
dialog: station. I only hope that when the
dialog: data is analyzed, a weakness can be
dialog: found. It's not over yet!
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: It is for me, sister! Look, I ain't
dialog: in this for your revolution, and I'm
dialog: not in it for you, Princess. I expect
dialog: to be well paid. I'm in it for the
dialog: money!
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: You needn't worry about your reward.
dialog: If money is all that you love, then
dialog: that's what you'll receive!
text: She angrily turns, and as she starts out of the cockpit,
text: passes Luke coming in.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Your friend is quite a mercenary. I
dialog: wonder if he really cares about
dialog: anything... or anyone.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I care!
text: Luke, shaking his head, sits in the copilot seat. He and Han
text: stare out at the vast blackness of space.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: So... what do you think of her, Han?
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: I'm trying not to, kid!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Good...
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Still, she's got a lot of spirit. I
dialog: don't know, what do you think? Do
dialog: you think a princess and a guy like
dialog: me...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No!
text: Luke says it with finality and looks away. Han smiles at
text: young Luke's jealousy.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND FOURTH MOON OF YAVIN
text: The battered pirateship drifts into orbit around the planet
text: Yavin and proceeds to one of its tiny green moons.
scene_heading: EXT. FOURTH MOON OF YAVIN
text: The pirateship soars over the dense jungle.
scene_heading: EXT. MASSASSI OUTPOST
text: An alert guard, his laser gun in hand, scans the countryside.
text: He sets the gun down and looks toward the temple, barely
text: visible in the foliage.
scene_heading: EXT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - JUNGLE TEMPLE
text: Rotting in a forest of gargantuan trees, an ancient temple
text: lies shrouded in an eerie mist. The air is heavy with the
text: fantastic cries of unimaginable creatures. Han, Luke and the
text: others are greeted by the Rebel troops.
text: Luke and the group ride into the massive temple on an armored
dialog: military speeder.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI - MAIN HANGAR DECK
text: The military speeder stops in a huge spaceship hangar, set
text: up in the interior of the crumbling temple. Willard, the
text: commander of the Rebel forces, rushes up to the group and
text: gives Leia a big hug. Every one is pleased to see her.
speaker_heading: WILLARD
dialog: (holding Leia)
dialog: You're safe! We had feared the worst.
text: Willard composes himself, steps back and bows formally.
speaker_heading: WILLARD
dialog: When we heard about Alderaan, we
dialog: were afraid that you were... lost
dialog: along with your father.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: We don't have time for our sorrows,
text: Commander. The battle station has
dialog: surely tracked us here.
dialog: (looking pointedly to
dialog: Han)
dialog: It's the only explanation for the
dialog: ease of our escape. You must use the
dialog: information in this R2 unit to plan
dialog: the attack. It is our only hope.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: The surface of the Death Star ominously approaches the red
dialog: planet Yavin.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM
text: Grand Moff Tarkin and Lord Vader are interrupted in their
text: discussion by the buzz of the comlink. Tarkin moves to answer
dialog: the call.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE
text: We are approaching the planet Yavin. The Rebel base is on a
text: moon on the far side. We are preparing to orbit the planet.
scene_heading: EXT. YAVIN - JUNGLE
text: A lone guard stands in a tower high above the Yavin landscape,
text: surveying the countryside. A mist hangs over the jungle of
text: twisted green.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI - WAR ROOM BRIEFING AREA
text: Dodonna stands before a large electronic wall display. Leia
text: and several other senators are to one side of the giant
text: readout. The low-ceilinged room is filled with starpilots,
text: navigators, and a sprinkling of R2-type robots. Everyone is
text: listening intently to what Dodonna is saying. Han and
text: Chewbacca are standing near the back.
speaker_heading: DODONNA
text: The battle station is heavily shielded
dialog: and carries a firepower greater than
dialog: half the star fleet. It's defenses
dialog: are designed around a direct large-
text: scale assault. A small one-man fighter
dialog: should be able to penetrate the outer
dialog: defense.
text: Gold Leader, a rough looking man in his early thirties, stands
text: and addresses Dodonna.
speaker_heading: GOLD LEADER
dialog: Pardon me for asking, sir, but what
dialog: good are snub fighters going to be
dialog: against that?
speaker_heading: DODONNA
dialog: Well, the Empire doesn't consider a
dialog: small one-man fighter to be any
dialog: threat, or they'd have a tighter
dialog: defense. An analysis of the plans
dialog: provided by Princess Leia has
dialog: demonstrated a weakness in the battle
dialog: station.
text: Artoo-Detoo stands next to a similar robot, makes beeping
text: sounds, and turns his head from right to left.
speaker_heading: DODONNA
dialog: The approach will not be easy. You
dialog: are required to maneuver straight
dialog: down this trench and skim the surface
dialog: to this point. The target area is
text: only two meters wide. It's a small
dialog: thermal exhaust port, right below
text: the main port. The shaft leads
text: directly to the reactor system. A
dialog: precise hit will start a chain
dialog: reaction which should destroy the
dialog: station.
text: A murmer of disbelief runs through the room.
speaker_heading: DODONNA
dialog: Only a precise hit will set up a
dialog: chain reaction. The shaft is ray-
dialog: shielded, so you'll have to use proton
dialog: torpedoes.
text: Luke is sitting next to Wedge Antilles, a hotshot pilot about
text: sixteen years old.
speaker_heading: WEDGE
dialog: That's impossible, even for a
dialog: computer.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It's not impossible. I used to bull's-
dialog: eye womp rats in my T-sixteen back
dialog: home. They're not much bigger than
dialog: two meters.
speaker_heading: DODONNA
dialog: Man your ships! And may the Force be
dialog: with you!
text: The group rises and begins to leave.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: The Death Star begins to move around the planet toward the
text: tiny green moon.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR
text: Tarkin and Vader watch the computer projected screen with
text: interest, as a circle of lights intertwines around one another
text: on the screen showing it's position in relation to Yavin and
dialog: the forth moon.
scene_heading: DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE
text: Orbiting the planet at maximum velocity. The moon with the
text: Rebel base will be in range in thirty minutes.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: This will be a day long remembered.
text: It has seen the end of Kenobi and it
dialog: will soon see the end of the
dialog: Rebellion.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - MAIN HANGAR DECK
text: Luke, Threepio and little Artoo enter the huge spaceship
text: hangar and hurry along a long line of gleaming spacefighters.
text: Flight crews rush around loading last-minute armaments and
text: unlocking power couplings. In an area isolated from this
text: activity Luke finds Han and Chewbacca loading small boxes
text: onto an armored speeder.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: (over loudspeaker)
dialog: All flight trooper, man your stations.
dialog: All flight troops, man your stations.
text: Han is deliberately ignoring the activity of the fighter
text: pilots' preparation. Luke is quite saddened at the sight of
text: his friend's departure.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: So... you got your reward and you're
dialog: just leaving then?
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: That's right, yeah! I got some old
dialog: debts I've got to pay off with this
dialog: stuff. Even if I didn't, you don't
dialog: think I'd be fool enough to stick
dialog: around here, do you? Why don't you
dialog: come with us? You're pretty good in
dialog: a fight. I could use you.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (getting angry)
dialog: Come on! Why don't you take a look
dialog: around? You know what's about to
dialog: happen, what they're up against.
dialog: They could use a good pilot like
dialog: you. You're turning your back on
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: What good's a reward if you ain't
dialog: around to use it? Besides, attacking
dialog: that battle station ain't my idea of
dialog: courage. It's more like suicide.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: All right. Well, take care of
dialog: yourself, Han. I guess that's what
dialog: you're best at, isn't it?
text: Luke goes off and Han hesitates, then calls to him.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Hey, Luke... may the Force be with
dialog: you!
text: Luke turns and sees Han wink at him. Luke lifts his hand in
text: a small wave and then goes off.
text: Han turns to Chewie who growls at his captain,
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: What're you lookin' at? I know what
dialog: I'm doing.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HANGAR DECK - LUKE'S SHIP
text: Luke, Leia, and Dodonna meet under a huge space fighter.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh, it's Han! I don't know, I really
dialog: thought he'd change his mind.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: He's got to follow his own path. No
dialog: one can choose it for him.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I only wish Ben were here.
text: Leia gives Luke a little kiss, turns, and goes off. As Luke
text: heads for his ship, another pilot rushes up to him and grabs
text: his arm.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Luke! I don't believe it! How'd you
dialog: get here... are you going out with
dialog: us?!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Biggs! Of course, I'll be up there
dialog: with you! Listen, have I got some
dialog: stories to tell...
text: Red Leader, a rugged handsome man in his forties, comes up
text: behind Luke and Biggs. He has the confident smile of a born
dialog: leader.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: Are you... Luke Skywalker? Have you
dialog: been checked out on the Incom T-sixty-
dialog: five?
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Sir, Luke is the best bushpilot in
text: the outer rim territories.
text: Red Leader pats Luke on the back as they stop in front of
dialog: his fighter.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: I met your father once when I was
dialog: just a boy, he was a great pilot.
dialog: You'll do all right. If you've got
dialog: half of your father's skill, you'll
dialog: do better than all right.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Thank you, sir. I'll try.
text: Red Leader hurries to his own ship.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: I've got to get aboard. Listen, you'll
dialog: tell me your stories when we come
dialog: back. All right?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I told you I'd make it someday, Biggs.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: (going off)
dialog: You did, all right. It's going to be
dialog: like old times, Luke. We're a couple
dialog: of shooting stars that'll never be
dialog: stopped!
text: Luke laughs and shakes his head in agreement. He heads for
dialog: his ship.
text: As Luke begins to climb up the ladder into his sleek, deadly
text: spaceship, the crew chief, who is working on the craft, points
text: to little Artoo, who is being hoisted into a socket on the
text: back of the fighter.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: This R2 unit of your seems a bit
dialog: beat up. Do you want a new one?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Not on your life! That little droid
dialog: and I have been through a lot
dialog: together.
dialog: (to Artoo)
dialog: You okay, Artoo?
text: The crewmen lower Artoo-Detoo into the craft. Now a part of
text: the exterior shell of the starship, the little droid beeps
dialog: that he is fine.
text: Luke climbs up into the cockpit of his fighter and puts an
text: his helmet. Threepio looks on from the floor of the massive
text: hangar as the crewmen secure his little electronic partner
text: into Luke's X-wing. It's an emotional-filled moment as Artoo
text: beeps good-bye.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Okay, easy she goes!
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Hang on tight,Artoo, you've got to
dialog: come back.
text: Artoo beeps in agreement.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: You wouldn't want my life to get
dialog: boring, would you?
text: Artoo whistles his reply.
text: All final preparations are made for the approaching battle.
text: The hangar is buzzing with the last minute activity as the
text: pilots and crewmen alike make their final adjustments. The
text: hum of activity is occasionally trespassed by the distorted
text: voice of the loudspeaker issuing commands. Coupling hoses
text: are disconnected from the ships as they are fueled. Cockpit
text: shields roll smoothly into place over each pilot. A signalman,
text: holding red guiding lights, directs the ships. Luke, a trace
text: of a smile gracing his lips, peers about through his goggles.
speaker_heading: BEN'S VOICE
dialog: Luke, the Force will be with you.
text: Luke is confused at the voice and taps his headphones.
scene_heading: EXT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - JUNGLE
text: All that can be seen of the fortress is a lone guard standing
text: on a small pedestal jutting out above the dense jungle. The
text: muted gruesome crying sounds that naturally permeate this
text: eerie purgatory are overwhelmed by the thundering din of ion
text: rockets as four silver starships catapult from the foliage
text: in a tight formation and disappears into the morning cloud
dialog: cover.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM
text: The princess, Threepio, and a field commander sit quietly
text: before the giant display showing the planet Yavin and its
text: four moons. The red dot that represents the Death Star moves
text: ever closer to the system. A series of green dots appear
text: around the fourth moon. A din of indistinct chatter fills
dialog: the war room.
scene_heading: MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE
dialog: Stand-by alert. Death Star
text: approaching. Estimated time to firing
text: range, fifteen minutes.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: The Death Star slowly moves behind the massive yellow surface
text: of Yavin in the foreground, as many X-wing fighters flying
text: in formation zoom toward us and out of the frame.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE - ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Light from a distant sun creates an eerie atmospheric glow
text: around a huge planet, Yavin. Rebel fighters flying in
text: formation settle ominously in the foreground and very slowly
text: pull away.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER STARSHIP - COCKPIT
text: Red Leader lowers his visor and adjusts his gun sights,
text: looking to each side at his wing men.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: All wings report in.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER COCKPIT
text: One of the Rebel fighters checks in through his mike.
speaker_heading: RED TEN
text: Red Ten standing by.
scene_heading: INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT
text: Biggs checks his fighter's controls, alert and ready for
dialog: combat.
speaker_heading: RED SEVEN
dialog: (over Biggs' headset)
text: Red Seven standing by.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
text: Red Three standing by.
scene_heading: INT. PORKINS' COCKPIT
speaker_heading: PORKINS
text: Red Six standing by.
speaker_heading: RED NINE
dialog: (over headset)
text: Red Nine standing by.
scene_heading: INT. WEDGE'S FIGHTER - COCKPIT
speaker_heading: WEDGE
text: Red Two standing by.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
speaker_heading: RED ELEVEN
dialog: (over headset)
text: Red Eleven standing by.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: Red Five standing by.
scene_heading: EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER
text: Artoo-Detoo, in position outside of the fighter, turns his
text: head from side to side and makes beeping sounds.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S FIGHTER - COCKPIT
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
text: Lock S-foils in attack position.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: The group of X-wing fighters move in formation toward the
text: Death Star, unfolding the wings and locking them in the "X"
dialog: position.
scene_heading: INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT
speaker_heading: READ LEADER
dialog: (over headset)
dialog: We're passing through their magnetic
dialog: field.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: Hold tight!
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke adjusts his controls as he concentrates on the
text: approaching Death Star. The ship begins to be buffeted
dialog: slightly.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: (over headset)
dialog: Switch your deflectors on.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER COCKPIT
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: (over headset)
dialog: Double front!
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: The fighters, now X-shaped darts, move in formation. The
text: Death Star now appears to be a small moon growing rapidly in
text: size as the Rebel fighters approach. Complex patterns on the
text: metallic surface begin to become visible. A large dish antenna
text: is built into the surface on one side.
scene_heading: INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT
text: Wedge is amazed and slightly frightened at the awesome
dialog: spectacle.
speaker_heading: WEDGE
dialog: Look at the size of that thing!
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: (over headset)
dialog: Cut the chatter, Red Two.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: Accelerate to attack speed. This is
dialog: it, boys!
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: As the fighters move closer to the Death Star, the awesome
text: size of the gargantuan Imperial fortress is revealed. Half
dialog: of the deadly space station is in shadow and this area
text: sparkles with thousands of small lights running in thin lines
text: and occasionally grouped in large clusters; somewhat like a
text: city at night as seen from a weather satellite.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD LEADER'S COCKPIT
speaker_heading: GOLD LEADER
dialog: Red Leader, this is Gold Leader.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: (over headset)
dialog: I copy, Gold Leader.
speaker_heading: GOLD LEADER
dialog: We're starting for the target shaft
dialog: now.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT
text: Red Leader looks around at his wingmen; the Death Star looming
text: in from behind. Two Y-wing fighters bob back and forth in
text: the background. He moves his computer targeting device into
dialog: position.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: We're in position. I'm going to cut
text: across the axis and try and draw
dialog: their fire.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: Two squads of Rebel fighters peel off. The X-wings dive
text: towards the Death Star surface. A thousand lights glow across
text: the dark grey expanse of the huge station.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR
text: Alarm sirens scream as soldiers scramble to large turbo-
text: powered laser gun emplacements. Electronic drivers rotate
text: the huge guns into position as crew adjust their targeting
dialog: devices.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: Laserbolts streak through the star-filled night. The Rebel X-
text: wing fighters move in toward the Imperial base, as the Death
text: Star aims its massive laser guns at the Rebel forces and
dialog: fires.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM
text: Princess Leia listens to the battle over the intercom.
text: Threepio is at her side.
speaker_heading: WEDGE
dialog: (over war room speaker
dialog: system)
dialog: Heavy fire, boss! Twenty-degrees.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: I see it. Stay low.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: An X-wing zooms across the surface of the Death Star.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR
text: Technical crews scurry here and there loading last-minute
text: armaments and unlocking power cables.
scene_heading: INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT
text: Wedge maneuvers his fighter toward the menacing Death Star.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: X-wings continue in their attack course on the Death Star.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke nosedives radically, starting his attack on the monstrous
text: fortress. The Death Star surface streaks past the cockpit
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: This is Red Five; I'm going in!
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: Luke's X-wing races toward the Death Star. Laserbolts streak
text: from Luke's weapons, creating a huge fireball explosion on
text: the dim surface.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Terror crosses Luke's face as he realizes he won't be able
text: to pull out in time to avoid the fireball.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: (over headset)
dialog: Luke, pull up!
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF DEATH STAR
text: Luke's ship emerges from the fireball, with the leading edges
text: of his wings slightly scorched.
scene_heading: INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Are you all right?
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke adjusts his controls and breathes a sigh of relief.
text: Flak bursts outside the cockpit window.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I got a little cooked, but I'm okay.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Rebel fighters continue to strafe the Death Star's surface
text: with laserbolts.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR
text: Walls buckle and cave in. Troops and equipment are blown in
text: all directions. Stormtroopers stagger out of the rubble.
text: Standing in the middle of the chaos, a vision of calm and
text: foreboding, is Darth Vader. One of his Astro-Officers rushes
text: up to him.
speaker_heading: ASTRO-OFFICER
dialog: We count thirty Rebel ships, Lord
dialog: Vader. But they're so small they're
dialog: evading our turbo-lasers!
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: We'll have to destroy them ship to
dialog: ship. Get the crews to their fighters.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR
text: Smoke belches from the giant laser guns as they wind up their
text: turbine generators to create sufficient power. The crew rushes
text: about preparing for another blast. Even the troopers head
dialog: gear is not adequate to protect them from the overwhelming
text: noise of the monstrous weapon. One troopers bangs his helmet
text: with his hand in an attempt to stop the ringing.
scene_heading: INT. READ LEADER'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT - TRAVELING
text: Red Leader flies through a heavy hail of flak.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: Luke, let me know when you're going
dialog: in.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING
text: The Red Leader's X-wing flies past Luke as he puts his nose
text: down and starts his attack dive.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm on my way in now...
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: Watch yourself! There's a lot of
text: fire coming from the right side of
dialog: that deflection tower.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm on it.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Luke flings his X-wing into a twisting dive across the horizon
text: and down onto the dim grey surface.
scene_heading: EXT. LUKE'S X-WING TRAVELING
text: A shot hurls from Luke's guns. Laserbolts streak toward the
text: onrushing Death Star surface. Several small radar emplacements
text: erupt in flame. Laserfire erupts from a protruding tower on
text: the surface.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING
text: The blurry Death Star surface races past the cockpit window
text: as a big smile sweeps across Luke's face at the success of
text: his run. Flak thunders on all sides of him.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: The Death Star superstructure races past Luke as he maneuvers
text: his craft through a wall of laserfire and peels away from
text: the surface towards the heavens.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR
text: The thunder and smoke of the big guns reverberate throughout
text: the massive structure. Many soldiers rush about in the smoke
text: and chaos, silhouetted by the almost continual flash of
dialog: explosions.
scene_heading: INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT - TRAVELING
text: Biggs dives through a forest of radar domes, antennae, and
text: gun towers as he shoots low across the Death Star surface. A
text: dense barrage of laserfire streaks by on all sides.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR
text: Imperial star pilots dash in unison to a line of small
text: auxiliary hatches that lead to Imperial TIE fighters.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM
text: Princess Leia, surrounded by her generals and aides, paces
text: nervously before a lighted computer table. On all sides
text: technicians work in front of many lighted glass walls. Dodonna
text: watches quietly from one corner. One of the officers working
text: over a screen speaks into his headset.
speaker_heading: CONTROL OFFICER
dialog: Squad leaders, we've picked up a new
text: group of signals. Enemy fighters
dialog: coming your way.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING
text: Luke looks around to see if he can spot the approaching
dialog: Imperial fighters.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: My scope's negative. I don't see
dialog: anything.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING
text: The Death Star's surface sweeps past as Red Leader searches
text: the sky for the Imperial fighters. Flak pounds at his ship.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: Keep up your visual scanning. With
dialog: all this jamming, they'll be on top
dialog: of you before your scope can pick
dialog: them up.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Silhouetted against the rim lights of the Death Star horizon,
text: four ferocious Imperial TIE ships dive on the Rebel fighters.
text: Two of the TIE fighters peel off and drop out of frame. Pan
text: with the remaining two TIE ships.
scene_heading: INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT - TRAVELING
text: Biggs panics when he discovers a TIE ship on his tail. The
text: horizon in the background twists around as he peels off,
text: hoping to lose the Imperial fighter.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: Biggs! You've picked one up... watch
dialog: it!
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: I can't see it! Where is he?!
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: Biggs zooms off the surface and into space, closely followed
text: by an Imperial TIE fighter. The TIE ship fires several
text: laserbolts at Biggs, but misses.
scene_heading: INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT - TRAVELING
text: Biggs see the TIE ship behind him and swings around, trying
dialog: to avoid him.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: He's on me tight, I can't shake him...
dialog: I can't shake him.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: Biggs, flying at high altitude, peels off and dives toward
text: the Death Star surface, but he is unable to lose the TIE
text: fighter, who sticks close to his tail.
scene_heading: INT. X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT - TRAVELING
text: Luke is flying upside down. He rotates his ship around to
text: normal attitude as he comes out of his dive.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hang on, Biggs, I'm coming in.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: Biggs and the tailing TIE ship dive for the surface, now
text: followed by a fast-gaining Luke. After Biggs dives out of
text: sight, Luke chases the Imperial fighter.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: In the foreground, the Imperial fighter races across the
text: Death Star's surface, closely followed by Luke in the
dialog: background.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT - TRAVELING
text: There is a shot from Luke's X-wing of the TIE ship exploding
text: in a mass of flames.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Got him!
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR
text: Darth Vader strides purposefully down a Death Star corridor,
text: flanked by Imperial stormtroopers.
speaker_heading: VADER
text: Several fighters have broken off
dialog: from the main group. Come with me!
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM
text: A concerned Princess Leia, Threepio, Dodonna, and other
text: officers of the Rebellion stand around the huge round readout
text: screen, listening to the ship-to-ship communication on the
text: room's loudspeaker.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: Pull in! Luke... pull in!
speaker_heading: WEDGE
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: Watch your back, Luke!
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
speaker_heading: WEDGE
dialog: (over headset)
dialog: Watch your back! Fighter's above
dialog: you, coming in!
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: Luke's ship soars away from the Death Star's surface as he
text: spots the tailing TIE fighter.
scene_heading: INT. TIE FIGHTER'S COCKPIT
text: The TIE pilot takes aim at Luke's X-wing.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: The Imperial TIE fighter pilot scores a hit on Luke's ship.
text: Fire breaks out on the right side of the X-wing.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke looks out of his cockpit at the flames on his ship.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm hit, but not bad.
scene_heading: EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER
text: Smoke pours out from behind Artoo-Detoo.
speaker_heading: LUKE'S VOICE
dialog: Artoo, see what you can do with it.
dialog: Hang on back there.
text: Green laserfire moves past the beeping little robot as his
text: head turns.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT
text: Luke nervously works his controls.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: (over headset)
dialog: Red Six...
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM
text: In the war room, Leia stands frozen as she listens and worries
dialog: about Luke.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: Can you see Red Five?
speaker_heading: RED TEN
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: There's a heavy fire zone on this
dialog: side. Red Five, where are you?
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT
text: Luke spots the TIE fighter behind him and soars away from
text: the Death Star surface.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I can't shake him!
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Luke's ship soars closer to the surface of the Death Star,
text: an Imperial TIE fighter closing in on him in hot pursuit.
scene_heading: INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT
text: The Death Star whips below Wedge.
speaker_heading: WEDGE
dialog: I'm on him, Luke!
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT
speaker_heading: WEDGE
dialog: (over headset)
dialog: Hold on!
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Wedge dives across the horizon toward Luke and the TIE
dialog: fighter.
scene_heading: INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT
text: Wedge moves his X-wing in rapidly.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT
text: Luke reacts frantically.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Blast it! Wedge where are you?
scene_heading: INT. TIE FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: The fighter pilot watches Wedge's X-wing approach. Another X-
text: wing joins him, and both unleash a volley of laserfire on
dialog: the Imperial fighter.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: The TIE fighter explodes, filling the screen with white light.
text: Luke's ship can be seen far in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT
text: Luke looks about in relief.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Thanks, Wedge.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM
text: Leia, Threepio, Dodonna and other Rebel officers are listening
text: to the Rebel Fighter's radio transmissions over the war room
text: intercom.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: Good shooting, Wedge!
speaker_heading: GOLD LEADER
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: Red Leader...
scene_heading: INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT
text: Gold Leader peels off and starts toward the long trenches at
text: the Death Star surface pole.
speaker_heading: GOLD LEADER
dialog: This is Gold Leader. We're starting
text: out attack run.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: Three Y-wing fighters of the Gold group dive out of the stars
text: toward the Death Star surface.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM
text: Leia and the others are grouped around the screen, as
text: technicians move about attending to their duties.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: I copy, Gold Leader. Move into
dialog: position.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: Three Imperial TIE ships in precise formation dive toward
text: the Death Star surface.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Darth Vader calmly adjusts his control stick as the stars
text: whip past in the window above his head.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: Stay in attack formation!
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM
text: Technicians are seated at the computer readout table.
speaker_heading: GOLD LEADER
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: The exhaust post is...
scene_heading: INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT
speaker_heading: GOLD LEADER
dialog: ...marked and locked in!
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: Gold Leader approaches the surface and pulls out to skim the
text: surface of the huge station. The ship moves into a deep
text: trench, firing laserbolts. The surface streaks past as
text: laserfire is returned by the Death Star.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING
text: Gold Five is a pilot in his early fifties with a very battered
text: helmet that looks like it's been through many battles. He
text: looks around to see if enemy ships are near. His fighter is
text: buffeted by Imperial flak.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT
text: Gold Leader races down the enormous trench that leads to the
text: exhaust port. Laserbolts blast toward him in increasing
text: numbers, occasionally exploding near the ship causing it to
dialog: bounce about.
speaker_heading: GOLD LEADER
dialog: Switch power to front deflector
dialog: screens.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Three Y-wing skim the Death Star surface deep in the trench,
text: as laserbolts streak past on all sides.
scene_heading: EXT. DEATH STAR SURFACE - GUN EMPLACEMENTS
text: An exterior surface gun blazes away at the oncoming Rebel
dialog: fighters.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT
speaker_heading: GOLD LEADER
dialog: How many guns do you think, Gold
dialog: Five.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM
speaker_heading: GOLD FIVE
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: I'd say about twenty guns. Some on
text: the surface, some on the towers.
text: Leia, Threepio, and the technicians view the projected target
text: screen, as red and blue target lights glow. The red target
text: near the center blinks on and off.
scene_heading: MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: Death Star will be in range in five
dialog: minutes.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: The three Y-wing fighters race toward camera and zoom overhead
text: through a hail of laserfire.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT
text: Gold Leader pulls his computer targeting device down in front
text: of his eye. Laserbolts continue to batter the Rebel craft.
speaker_heading: GOLD LEADER
text: Switching to targeting computer.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD TWO'S Y-WING - COCKPIT
text: Gold Two, a younger pilot about Luke's age, pulls down his
text: targeting eye viewer and adjusts it. His ship shudders under
text: intense laser barrage.
speaker_heading: GOLD TWO
text: Computer's locked. Getting a signal.
text: As the fighters begin to approach the target area, suddenly
text: all the laserfire stops. An eerie clam clings over the trench
text: as the surface whips past in a blur.
speaker_heading: GOLD TWO
dialog: The guns... they've stopped!
scene_heading: EXT. GOLD FIVE'S COCKPIT
text: Gold Five looks behind him.
speaker_heading: GOLD FIVE
dialog: Stabilize your read deflectors. Watch
dialog: for enemy fighters.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT
speaker_heading: GOLD LEADER
dialog: They've coming in! Three marks at
dialog: two ten.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: Three Imperial TIE ships, Darth Vader in the center flanked
text: by two wingmen, dive in precise formation almost vertically
text: toward the Death Star surface.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Darth Vader calmly adjusts his control stick as the stars
dialog: zoom by.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: I'll take them myself! Cover me!
speaker_heading: WINGMAN'S VOICE
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: Three TIE fighters zoom across the surface of the Death Star.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Vader lines up Gold Two in his targeting computer. Vader's
text: hands grip the control stick as he presses the button.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT
text: The cockpit explodes around Gold Two. His head falls forward.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: As Gold Two's ship explodes, debris is flung out into space.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT
text: Gold Leader looks over his shoulder at the scene.
scene_heading: EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH
text: The three TIE fighters race along in the trench in a tight
dialog: formation.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT
text: Gold Leader panics.
speaker_heading: GOLD LEADER
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: I can't maneuver!
scene_heading: INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT
text: Gold Five, the old veteran, trys to calm Gold Leader.
speaker_heading: GOLD FIVE
dialog: Stay on target.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT
text: The Death Star races by outside the cockpit window as he
text: adjusts his targeting device.
speaker_heading: GOLD LEADER
dialog: We're too close.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT
text: The older pilot remains calm.
speaker_heading: GOLD FIVE
dialog: Stay on target!
scene_heading: INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT
text: Now he's really panicked.
speaker_heading: GOLD LEADER
dialog: Loosen up!
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Vader calmly adjusts his targeting computer and pushes the
dialog: fire button.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT
text: Gold Leader's ship is hit by Vader's laser.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Gold Leader explodes in a ball of flames, throwing debris in
dialog: all directions.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT
text: Gold Five moves in on the exhaust port.
speaker_heading: GOLD FIVE
dialog: Gold Five to Red Leader...
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke looks over his shoulder at the action outside of his
dialog: cockpit.
speaker_heading: GOLD FIVE
dialog: (over headset)
dialog: Lost Tiree, lost Dutch.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: I copy, Gold Five.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT
speaker_heading: GOLD FIVE
text: They came from behind...
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: One of the engines explodes on Gold Five's Y-wing fighter,
text: blazing out of control. He dives past the horizon toward the
text: Death Star's surface, passing a TIE fighter during his
dialog: descent. Gold Five, a veteran of countless campaigns, spins
text: toward his death.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke looks nervously about him at the explosive battle.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM
text: Grant Moff Tarkin and a Chief Officer stand in the Death
text: Star's control room.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: We've analyzed their attack, sir,
dialog: and there is a danger. Should I have
dialog: your ship standing by?
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: Evacuate? In out moment of triumph?
dialog: I think you overestimate their
dialog: chances!
text: Tarkin turns to the computer readout screen. Flames move
text: around the green disk at the center of the screen, as numbers
text: read across the bottom.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (over speaker)
text: Rebel base, three minutes and closing.
scene_heading: INT. READ LEADER'S COCKPIT
text: Red Leader looks over at his wingmen.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: Red Group, this is Red Leader.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM
text: Dodonna moves to the intercom as he fiddles with the computer
dialog: keys.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: (over speaker)
text: Rendezvous at mark six point one.
speaker_heading: WEDGE
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: This is Red Two. Flying toward you.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: (over speaker)
text: Red Three, standing by.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT
speaker_heading: DODONNA
dialog: (over headset)
dialog: Red Leader, this is Base One. Keep
dialog: half your group out of range for the
dialog: next run.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
speaker_heading: RED LEADER'S VOICE
dialog: (over headset)
dialog: Copy, Base One. Luke, take Red Two
dialog: and Three. Hold up here and wait for
dialog: my signal... to start your run.
text: Luke nods his head.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: The X-wing fighters of Luke, Biggs, and Wedge fly in formation
text: high above the Death Star's surface.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke peers out from his cockpit.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Two X-wings move across the surface of the Death Star. Red
text: Leader's X-wing drops down to the surface leading to the
dialog: exhaust port.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT
text: Red Leader looks around to watch for the TIE fighters. He
text: begins to perspire.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: This is it!
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: Red Leader roams down the trench of the Death Star as lasers
text: streak across the black heavens.
scene_heading: EXT. DEATH STAR SURFACE - GUN EMPLACEMENTS
text: A huge remote-control laser cannon fires at the approaching
dialog: Rebel fighters.
scene_heading: EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH
text: The Rebel fighters evade the Imperial laser blasts.
scene_heading: INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT
text: Red Ten looks around for the Imperial fighters.
speaker_heading: RED TEN
dialog: We should be able to see it by now.
scene_heading: EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH
text: From the cockpits of the Rebel pilots, the surface of the
text: Death Star streaks by, with Imperial laserfire shooting toward
dialog: them.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: Keep your eyes open for those
dialog: fighters!
scene_heading: INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT
speaker_heading: RED TEN
dialog: There's too much interference!
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE - DEATH STAR TRENCH
text: Three X-wing fighters move in formation down the Death Star
dialog: trench.
speaker_heading: RED TEN'S VOICE
dialog: Red Five, can you see them from where
dialog: you are?
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke looks down at the Death Star surface below.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No sign of any... wait!
scene_heading: INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT
text: Red Ten looks up and sees the Imperial fighters.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (over headset)
text: Coming in point three five.
speaker_heading: RED TEN
dialog: I see them.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Three TIE fighters, Vader flanked by two wingmen, dive in a
text: tight formation. The sun reflects off their dominate solar
text: fins as they loop toward the Death Star's surface.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT
text: Red Leader pulls his targeting device in front of his eyes
text: and makes several adjustments.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: I'm in range.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Red Leader's X-wing moves up the Death Star trench.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: Target's coming up!
text: Red Leader looks at his computer target readout screen. He
text: then looks into his targeting device.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: Just hold them off for a few seconds.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Vader adjusts his control lever and dives on the X-wing
dialog: fighters.
speaker_heading: VADER
text: Close up formation.
scene_heading: EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH
text: The three TIE fighters move in formation across the Death
text: Star surface.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT
text: Red Leader lines up his target on the targeting device cross
dialog: hairs.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Vader and his wingmen zoom down the trench.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Vader rapidly approaches the two X-wings of Red Ten and Red
text: Twelve. Vader's laser cannon flashes below the view of the
text: front porthole. the X-wings show in the center of Vader's
text: computer screen.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: Red Twelve's X-wing fighter is hit by Vader's laserfire, and
text: it explodes into flames against the trench.
scene_heading: INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT
text: Red Ten works at his controls furiously, trying to avoid
text: Vader's fighter behind him.
dialog: RED TEN: You'd better let her loose.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT
text: Red Leader is concentrating on his targeting device.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: Almost there!
scene_heading: INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT.
text: Red Ten panics.
speaker_heading: RED TEN
dialog: I can't hold them!
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Vader and his wingmen whip through the trench in pursuit of
dialog: the Rebel fighters.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Vader cooly pushes the fire button on his control stick.
scene_heading: INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT
text: Darth Vader's well-aimed laserfire proves to be unavoidable,
text: and strikes Red Ten's ship. Red Ten screams in anguish and
dialog: pain.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: Red Ten's ship explodes and bursts into flames.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT
text: Grimly, Red Leader takes careful aim and watches his computer
text: targeting device, which shows the target lined up in the
text: cross hairs, and fires.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: It's away!
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR
text: An armed Imperial stormtrooper is knocked to the floor from
text: the attack explosion. Other troopers scurrying about the
text: corridors are knocked against the wall and lose their balance.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM
text: Leia and the others stare at the computer screen.
speaker_heading: RED NINE'S VOICE
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: It's a hit!
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: Negative.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT
text: Red Leader looks back at the receding Death Star. Tiny
text: explosions are visible in the distance.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: Negative! It didn't go in. It just
text: impacted on the surface.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR - TIE FIGHTER
text: Darth Vader peels off in pursuit as Red Leader's X-wing passes
text: the Death Star horizon.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Vader swings his ship around for the next kill.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (over headset)
dialog: Red Leader, we're right above you.
dialog: Turn to point...
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke tries to spot Red Leader. He looks down at the Death
text: Star surface.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ...oh-five; we'll cover for you.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: (over headset)
dialog: Stay there...
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT
text: A wary Red Leader looks about nervously.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: ...I just lost my starboard engine.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke looks excitedly toward Red Leader's X-wing.
speaker_heading: RED LEADER
dialog: (over headset)
dialog: Get set to make your attack run.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Vader's gloved hands make contact with the control sticks,
text: and he presses their firing buttons.
scene_heading: INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT
text: Red Leader fights to gain control of his ship.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: Laserbolts are flung from Vader's TIE fighter, connecting
text: with Red Leader's Rebel X-wing fighter. Red Leader buys it,
text: creating a tremendous explosion far below. He screams and is
dialog: destroyed.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke looks out the window of his X-wing at the explosion far
text: below. For the first time, he feels the helplessness of his
dialog: situation.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR
text: Grand Moff Tarkin casts a sinister eye at the computer screen.
scene_heading: DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE
text: Rebel base, one minute and closing.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM
text: Dodonna and Princess Leia, with Threepio beside them, listen
text: intently to the talk between the pilots. The room is grim
text: after Red Leader's death. Princess Leia nervously paces the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: Biggs, Wedge, let's close it up.
dialog: We're going in. We're going in full
text: throttle.
scene_heading: INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT
text: The horizon twists as Wedge begins to pull out.
speaker_heading: WEDGE
dialog: Right with you, boss.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: The two X-wings peel off against a background of stars and
text: dive toward the Death Star.
scene_heading: INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Luke, at that speed will you be able
dialog: to pull out in time?
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It'll be just like Beggar's Canyon
dialog: back home.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: The three X-wings move in, unleashing a barrage of laserfire.
text: Laserbolts are returned from the Death Star.
scene_heading: INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT
text: Luke's lifelong friend struggles with his controls.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: We'll stay back far enough to cover
dialog: you.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S COCKPIT
text: Flak and laserbolts flash outside Luke's cockpit window.
speaker_heading: WEDGE
dialog: (over headset)
dialog: My scope shows the tower, but I can't
dialog: see the exhaust port! Are you sure
dialog: the computer can hit it?
scene_heading: EXT. DEATH STAR - GUN EMPLACEMENTS
text: The Death Star laser cannon slowly rotates as it shoots
text: laserbolts.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke looks around for the Imperial TIE fighters. He thinks
text: for a moment and then moves his targeting device into
dialog: position.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Watch yourself! Increase speed full
dialog: throttle!
scene_heading: INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT
text: Wedge looks excitedly about for any sign of the TIE fighters.
speaker_heading: WEDGE
dialog: What about the tower?
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You worry about those fighters! I'll
dialog: worry about the tower!
scene_heading: EXT. DEATH STAR SURFACE
text: Luke's X-wing streaks through the trench, firing lasers.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke breaks into a nervous sweat as the laserfire is returned,
text: knicking one of his wings close to the engine.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (to Artoo)
dialog: Artoo... that, that stabilizer's
dialog: broken loose again! See if you can't
dialog: lock it down!
scene_heading: EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER
text: Artoo works to repair the damages. The canyon wall rushes by
text: in the background, making his delicate task seem even more
text: precarious.
scene_heading: EXT. DEATH STAR
text: Two laser cannons are firing on the Rebel fighters.
scene_heading: INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT
text: Wedge looks up and sees the TIE ships.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke's targeting device marks off the distance to the target.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: Vader and his wingmen zoom closer.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Vader adjusts his controls and fires laserbolts at two X-
text: wings flying down the trench. He scores a direct hit on Wedge.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM
text: Leia and the others are grouped around the computer board.
speaker_heading: WEDGE
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: I'm hit! I can't stay with you.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: Get clear, Wedge.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You can't do any more good back there!
scene_heading: INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT
speaker_heading: WEDGE
dialog: Sorry!
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: Wedge pulls his crippled X-wing back away from the battle.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Vader watches the escape but issues a command to his wingmen.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: Let him go! Stay on the leader!
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: Luke's X-wing speeds down the trench; the three TIE fighters,
text: still in perfect unbroken formation, tail close behind.
scene_heading: INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT
text: Biggs looks around at the TIE fighters. He is worried.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Hurry, Luke, they're coming in much
dialog: faster this time. I can't hold them!
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: The three TIE fighters move ever closer, closing in on Luke
dialog: and Biggs.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke looks back anxiously at little Artoo.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Artoo, try and increase the power!
scene_heading: EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER
text: Ignoring the bumpy ride, flak, and lasers, a beeping Artoo-
text: Detoo struggles to increase the power, his dome turning from
dialog: side to side.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: Stealthily, the TIE formation creeps closer.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Vader adjusts his control stick.
scene_heading: INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT
text: Biggs looks around at the TIE fighters.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER
text: Luke looks into his targeting device. He moves it away for a
text: moment and ponders its use. He looks back into the computer
dialog: targeter.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: (over headset)
dialog: Hurry up, Luke!
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: Vader and his wingmen race through the Death Star trench.
text: Biggs moves in to cover for Luke, but Vader gains on him.
scene_heading: INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT
text: Biggs sees the TIE fighter aiming at him.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Wait!
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Vader squeezes the fire button on his controls.
scene_heading: INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT
text: Biggs' cockpit explodes around him, lighting him in red.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Biggs' ship bursts into a million flaming bits and scatters
text: across the surface.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM
text: Leia and the others stare at the computer board.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING COCKPIT
text: Luke is stunned by Biggs' death. His eyes are watering, but
text: his anger is also growing.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM
text: Grand Moff Tarkin watches the projected target screen with
dialog: satisfaction.
scene_heading: DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE
dialog: Rebel base, thirty seconds and
dialog: closing.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Vader takes aim on Luke and talks to the wingmen.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: I'm on the leader.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR - LUKE'S SHIP
text: Luke's ship streaks through the trench of the Death Star.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM
text: Princess Leia returns her general's worried and doubtful
text: glances with solid, grim determination. Threepio seems
dialog: nervous.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Hang on, Artoo!
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT
text: Luke concentrates on his targeting device.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Three TIE fighters charge away down the trench toward Luke.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Vader's finger's curls around the control stick.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT
text: Luke adjusts the lens of his targeting device.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Luke's ship charges down the trench.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT
text: Luke lines up the yellow cross-hair lines of the targeting
text: device's screen. He looks into the targeting device, then
text: starts at a voice he hears.
speaker_heading: BEN'S VOICE
dialog: Use the Force, Luke.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: The Death Star trench zooms by.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT
text: Luke looks up, then starts to look back into the targeting
text: device. He has second thoughts.
speaker_heading: BEN'S VOICE
dialog: Let go, Luke.
text: A grim determination sweeps across Luke's face as he closes
text: his eyes and starts to mumble Ben's training to himself.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Luke's fighter streaks through the trench.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: The Force is strong with this one!
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Vader follows Luke's X-wing down the trench.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT
text: Luke looks to the targeting device, then away as he hears
text: Ben's voice.
speaker_heading: BEN'S VOICE
dialog: Luke, trust me.
text: Luke's hand reaches for the control panel and presses the
text: button. The targeting device moves away.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM
text: Leia and the others stand watching the projected screen.
speaker_heading: BASE VOICE
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: His computer's off. Luke, you switched
dialog: off your targeting computer. What's
dialog: wrong?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: Nothing. I'm all right.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Luke's ship streaks ever close to the exhaust port.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT
text: Luke looks at the Death Star surface streaking by.
scene_heading: EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER
text: Artoo-Detoo turns his head from side to side, beeping in
dialog: anticipation.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: The three TIE fighters, manned by Vader and his two wingmen,
text: follow Luke's X-wing down the trench.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Vader maneuvers his controls as he looks at his doomed target.
text: He presses the fire buttons on his control sticks. Laserfire
text: shoots toward Luke's X-wing fighter.
scene_heading: EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER
text: A large burst of Vader's laserfire engulfs Artoo. The arms
text: go limp on the smoking little droid as he makes a high-pitched
dialog: sound.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke looks frantically back over his shoulder at Artoo.
scene_heading: EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER
text: Smoke billows out around little Artoo and sparks begin to
dialog: fly.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I've lost Artoo!
text: Artoo's beeping sounds die out.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM
text: Leia and the others stare intently at the projected screen,
text: while Threepio watches the Princess. Lights representing the
text: Death Star and targets glow brightly.
scene_heading: MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE
text: The Death Star has cleared the planet.
text: The Death Star has cleared the planet.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM
text: Tarkin glares at the projected target screen.
scene_heading: DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE
text: Rebel base, in range.
speaker_heading: TARKIN
dialog: You may fire when ready.
scene_heading: DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE
dialog: Commence primary ignition.
text: An officer reaches up and pushes buttons on the control panel,
text: as green lighted buttons turn to red.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: The three TIE fighters zoom down the Death Star trench in
text: pursuit of Luke, never breaking formation.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S COCKPIT
text: Luke looks anxiously at the exhaust port.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Vader adjusts his control sticks, checking his projected
text: targeting screen.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Luke's ship barrels down the trench.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Vader's targeting computer swings around into position. Vader
text: takes careful aim on Luke's X-wing fighter.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: I have you now.
text: He pushes the fire buttons.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: The three TIE fighters move in on Luke. As Vader's center
text: fighter unleashes a volley of laserfire, one of the TIE ships
text: at his side is hit and explodes into flame. The two remaining
text: ships continue to move in.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke looks about, wondering whose laserfire destroyed Vader's
dialog: wingman.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Vader is taken by surprise, and looks out from his cockpit.
speaker_heading: VADER
dialog: What?
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S WINGMAN - COCKPIT
text: Vader's wingman searches around him trying to locate the
dialog: unknown attacker.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
text: Han and Chewbacca grin from ear to ear.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Yahoo!
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: The Millennium Falcon heads right at the two TIE fighters.
text: It's a collision course.
scene_heading: INT. WINGMAN'S COCKPIT
text: The wingman spots the pirateship coming at him and warns the
dialog: Dark Lord.
speaker_heading: WINGMAN
dialog: Look out!
scene_heading: EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH
text: Vader's wingman panics at the sight of the oncoming pirate
text: starship and veers radically to one side, colliding with
text: Vader's TIE fighter in the process. Vader's wingman crashes
text: into the side wall of the trench and explodes. Vader's damaged
text: ship spins out of the trench with a damaged wing.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: Vader's ship spins out of control with a bent solar fin,
text: heading for deep space.
scene_heading: INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT
text: Vader turns round and round in circles as his ship spins
text: into space.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Solo's ship moves in toward the Death Star trench.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
text: Solo, smiling, speaks to Luke over his headset mike.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: You're all clear, kid.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM
text: Leia and the others listen to Solo's transmission.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: Now let's blow this thing and go
dialog: home!
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke looks up and smiles. He concentrates on the exhaust
text: port, then fires his laser torpedoes.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR
text: Luke's torpedoes shoot toward the port and seems to simply
text: disappear into the surface and not explode. But the shots do
text: find their mark and have gone into the exhaust port and are
text: heading for the main reactor.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke throws his head back in relief.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR
text: An Imperial soldier runs to the control panel board and pulls
text: the attack lever as the board behind him lights up.
speaker_heading: INTERCOM VOICE
text: Stand by to fire at Rebel base.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: Two X-wings, a Y-wing, and the pirateship race toward Yavin
text: in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. DEATH STAR
text: Several Imperial soldiers, flanking a pensive Grand Moff
text: Tarkin, busily push control levers and buttons.
speaker_heading: INTERCOM VOICE
text: Standing by.
text: The rumble of a distant explosion begins.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR
text: The Rebel ships race out of sight, leaving the moon-like
text: Death Star alone against a blanket of stars. Several small
text: flashes appear on the surface. The Death Star bursts into a
text: supernova, creating a spectacular heavenly display.
scene_heading: INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Great shot, kid. That was one in a
dialog: million.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT
text: Luke is at ease, and his eyes are closed.
speaker_heading: BEN'S VOICE
dialog: Remember, the Force will be with
dialog: you... always.
text: The ship rocks back and forth.
scene_heading: EXT. DARTH VADER'S TIE FIGHTER
text: Vader's ship spins off into space.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
text: The Rebel ships race toward the fourth moon of Yavin.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - MAIN HANGAR
text: Luke climbs out of his starship fighter and is cheered by a
text: throng of ground crew and pilots. Luke climbs down the ladder
text: as they all welcome him with laughter, cheers, and shouting.
text: Princess Leia rushes toward him.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: Luke! Luke! Luke!
text: She throws her arms around Luke and hugs him as they dance
text: around in a circle. Solo runs in toward Luke and they embrace
text: one another, slapping each other on the back.
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Hey! Hey!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I knew you'd come back! I just knew
dialog: it!
speaker_heading: HAN
dialog: Well, I wasn't gonna let you get all
dialog: the credit and take all the reward.
text: Luke and Han look at one another, as Solo playfully shoves
text: at Luke's face. Leia moves in between them.
speaker_heading: LEIA
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Hey, I knew there was more to you
dialog: than money.
text: Luke looks toward the ship.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh, no!
text: The fried little Artoo-Detoo is lifted off the back of the
text: fighter and carried off under the worried eyes of Threepio.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: Oh, my! Artoo! Can you hear me? Say
dialog: something!
dialog: (to mechanic)
dialog: You can repair him, can't you?
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: We'll get to work on him right away.
speaker_heading: THREEPIO
dialog: You must repair him! Sir, if any of
dialog: my circuits or gears will help, I'll
text: gladly donate them.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: He'll be all right.
scene_heading: INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - MAIN THRONE ROOM
text: Luke, Han, and Chewbacca enter the huge ruins of the main
text: temple. Hundreds of troops are lined up in neat rows. Banners
text: are flying and at the far end stands a vision in white, the
text: beautiful young Senator Leia. Luke and the others solemnly
text: march up the long aisle and kneel before Senator Leia. From
text: one side of the temple marches a shined-up and fully repaired
text: Artoo-Detoo. He waddles up to the group and stands next to
text: an equally pristine Threepio, who is rather awestruck by the
text: whole event. Chewbacca is confused. Dodonna and several other
text: dignitaries sit on the left of the Princess Leia. Leia is
text: dressed in a long white dress and is staggeringly beautiful.
text: She rises and places a gold medallion around Han's neck. He
text: winks at her. She then repeats the ceremony with Luke, who
text: is moved by the event. They turn and face the assembled
text: troops, who all bow before them. Chewbacca growls and Artoo
text: beeps with happiness.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: END CREDITS OVER STARS
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
