dialog: 
scene_heading: Star Trek : The Movie Scripts - Star Trek - Insurrection - EXCLUSIVE !!!
dialog: 
dialog: Star Trek IX
dialog: Insurrection
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Michael Pillar & Rick Berman
dialog: 
scene_heading: REV. FINAL DRAFT
dialog: 
dialog: March 12, 1998
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 1 TALL GRASS BLOWING GENTLY IN A BREEZE - DAY - (OPTICAL) 1
text: The sound of children playing, running through the
text: grass... as one boy (ARTIM, 12) pokes his head out, we
text: see by his facial skin pattern that he's an alien... his
text: cloths are simple, homespun. As other alien children
text: pursue him in a game of tag into the rocky foothills, we
text: BOOM UP to reveal a breathtaking view of a rural
text: community along a vast sparkling lake... mountains rising
text: in the background...some odd-like livestock graze
dialog: on the hillside...
scene_heading: 2 A FARM - LONG SHOT 2
text: A woman uses a bike pump to get well water...a man works
text: the soil in his fields, wipes his brow, waving to --
speaker_heading: 3 A WOMAN (ANIJ, 38) 3
text: whose beauty immediately captivates us as she strolls
text: past the farm, the wind barely jostling her close cut
text: curly hair. She takes us to a busy outdoor farmers
text: market at the edge of a hand-constructed village set
text: against a natural rock face barrier. These are the Ba'ku
dialog: people and from the opening shots we can feel the simple
dialog: charms of this beautiful place... and who would blame us
dialog: for wanting to be there, to escape a life like this...
dialog: where people seem to have all the time in the world... to
text: chat with neighbors, taste a piece of fresh fruit and
text: enjoy the day... Anij nods hello to people including
text: SOJEF (male, 42), the community leader... she smiles as a
text: vendor slices a piece of fruit for her...
scene_heading: 4 NEW ANGLE - ANIJ - (OPTICAL) 4
text: From the point of view of the rock face behind the
dialog: village. Although we may not realize it yet, we are
text: watching through a window now... slightly discolored,
text: pulling back to see a mysterious figure in an isolation
text: suit standing incongruously beside her, his suit glowing
text: with a green force field. None of the Ba'ku are aware of
text: him as he takes readings with a sophisticated sensor
text: device built into his suit. Now our pullback reveals
text: we're inside a duck blind. Low lighting levels. A bi-
text: level gallery of Starfleet officers and members of an
text: alien race (the Son'a) observe the peaceful village scene
text: like sportswriters at the ballpark...
scene_heading: 5-9 VARIOUS ANGLES 5-9
text: as they enter data into their computers. Supernumeraries
text: move in and out of the main viewing room with PADDS...
scene_heading: 10 ANGLE TO INCLUDE THE FULL WINDOW (OPTICAL) 10
dialog: 
text: Outside, several other cloaked figures move among the
dialog: unknowing Ba'ku...
scene_heading: 11 ANGLE - THE RANKING SON'A OFFICER (GALLATIN, 60) 11
speaker_heading: (OPTICAL)
text: Inside the duck blind. Like all Son'a, his face is
text: stretched like a rubber band about to snap...they look
text: like victims of three too many cosmetic surgeries. He
text: studies a PADD from a supernumerary...
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
text: Admiral Dougherty is waiting for
dialog: this. Transmit it to the ship.
text: Suddenly a communications crackle on loudspeakers...
scene_heading: MALE SON'A COM VOICE
dialog: Alert, area twelve...!
text: Now the sound of a weapon blast... turmoil...As the
text: blast echoes through the hills, the Ba'ku outside the
text: window react, turn their heads toward the sound...
scene_heading: MALE SON'A COM VOICE
dialog: (distressed)
dialog: ... the android has...
text: It crackles off... Gallatin moves to a companel...
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Data, report to base immediately.
speaker_heading: DATA'S COM VOICE
dialog: Transferring... positronic...
dialog: matrix functions... engaging...
dialog: secondary protocols...
text: The running man starts pulling at his headgear.
scene_heading: STARFLEET OFFICER #1
text: He's trying to remove the
dialog: headpiece...
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: All field units. Intercept the
dialog: android.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 12 OMITTED 	 12
speaker_heading: THRU THRU
dialog: 15 15
scene_heading: 16 ANGLE - THROUGH WINDOW - (OPTICAL) 16
text: as all the men in suits converge on the running man...
text: but with superhuman strength, he tosses them aside with
text: ease... Meanwhile Ba'ku people, unaware of the fight,
text: greet their children back, happy they're safe...
scene_heading: 17 EXT. MARKET - CONTINUOUS (OPTICAL) - ANGLE ON ARTIM 17
text: as he moves to Sojef, his father...
speaker_heading: SOJEF
dialog: It must have been some kind of
dialog: odd electrical storm...
text: But as Sojef speaks, Artim turns to see the floating head
text: of Data DECLOAKING in mid-air barely a yard away as he
text: removes his helmet... the boy yells... jumps back,
text: falling as Data makes eye contact with him. The Ba'ku
text: scatter... Sojef pulls the boy away to safety...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Secondary protocols... active.
text: We notice a slashing burn wound on Data's neck as he
text: fights off an invisible force again... we hear a ripping
text: crunch and a green force field sputters briefly -- a Son'a
text: man in a torn isolation suit partially DECLOAKS as he is
text: slammed to the ground, unconscious. Data rips off the
text: rest of his suit revealing himself, picks up a weapon
text: from the unconscious Son'a, aims it at the rock face...
scene_heading: 18 INT. DUCK BLIND - (OPTICAL) 18
text: The observers dive for cover as he points the weapon this
text: way. But Data fires it to the left of the window...
scene_heading: 19 EXT. ROCK FACE - (OPTICAL) 19
text: And then fires again to the right... and again above...
dialog: each hit knocking out generators...
dialog: 
text: finally the rock face shimmers, like a computer image
text: breaking up, and disappears revealing the high-tech
dialog: stations behind it...
speaker_heading: 20 ANGLE (OPTICAL) 20
text: All the invisible men in suits DECLOAK in the village.
scene_heading: 21 THROUGH THE DUCK BLIND WINDOW 21
text: The scientists begin to poke their heads up from the
dialog: floor... exposed to the world outside...
text: 22 THE BA'KU IN HIDING PLACES 22
text: including Anij, Artim and Sojef react with shock...
speaker_heading: VARIOUS BA'KU
dialog: What is it? Who are they?
speaker_heading: 23 DATA 23
text: stands alone, satisfied with his mysterious work.
scene_heading: 24 EXT. SPACE - THE ENTERPRISE - (OPTICAL) 24
text: In orbit of an M-class planet.
scene_heading: 25 INT. PICARD'S QUARTERS 25
text: Close on the four Captain's pips on his uniform, and
text: moving back to reveal BEVERLY CRUSHER helping JEAN-LUC
text: PICARD fasten the collar on his jacket as DEANNA TROI
text: briefs him, glancing at a PADD. All are wearing formal
text: uniforms. They are running late.
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: ... Population three hundred
dialog: million...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Say the greeting again...
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: Yew-cheen chef-faw... emphasis
dialog: on the 'cheen' and the 'faw'...
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: You either need a new uniform or
text: a new neck.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: 'Yew-cheen chef-faw'... My collar
dialog: size is exactly the same as it
dialog: was at the Academy.
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: (dry)
dialog: Sure it is. And your hair is
text: still chestnut brown.
text: Our angle clearly establishes Picard's white hair... she
text: finishes with the collar... overlapping the above
text: dialogue: a chime at the door, Troi answers it, letting
text: in WILL RIKER in his dress uniform.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Our guests have arrived and are
text: eating the floral arrangements on
dialog: the banquet tables...
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: I guess they don't believe in
dialog: cocktails before dinner...
text: As Picard leads the way out of the door...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: (looking at her PADD)
dialog: Oh, my God, are they vegetarians?
dialog: That's not in here...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Better have the chef whip up a
dialog: light balsamic vinaigrette...
dialog: something that goes well with
dialog: chrysanthemums...
scene_heading: 26 INT. CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS 26
text: Very up-tempo dialogue...
speaker_heading: PICARD (CONT'D) PERIM'S COM VOICE
dialog: Yew-cheen chef-faw... Bridge to Captain
dialog: Picard...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Yes, Ensign...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PERIM'S COM VOICE
dialog: Command wants to know our ETA at
dialog: the Goren systsem...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Riker)
dialog: The Goren system...?
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: They need us to mediate some
dialog: territorial dispute...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: We can't delay the archaeological
dialog: expedition to Hanoran Two. It
dialog: would put us into the middle of
dialog: monsoon season...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (can't be helped)
text: The Diplomatic Corps is busy with
dialog: Dominion negotiations.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: ... so they need us to put out one
text: more brush fire.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Anyone remember when we used to
dialog: be explorers?
text: They enter...
scene_heading: 27 INT. TURBOLIFT - CONTINUOUS 27
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (refocussing)
dialog: 'Yew-cheen chef-faw.'
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Deck ten.
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: (resuming her
dialog: briefing)
dialog: Remember; they have a
dialog: significantly less advanced
dialog: technology than ours... they only
dialog: achieved warp drive last year...
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: A year? And the Federation
dialog: Coucil decided to make them a
dialog: Protectorate already?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: In view of our losses to the Borg
dialog: and the Dominion, the Coucil
dialog: feels we need all the allies we
dialog: can get these days.
text: As the turbolift doors open, we see much activity, can
text: hear music coming from the party... Picard puts on a
text: brighter face. As they exit...
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: You'll be expected to dance with
dialog: Regent Cuzar...
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: Can she mambo...?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Very funny...
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: (off Riker & Troi's
dialog: reactions)
dialog: Your Captain used to cut quite a
dialog: rug...
scene_heading: 28 INT. CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS 28
text: Several officers in dress uniform move to make room for
text: the Captain's entourage... moving with them...
speaker_heading: FEMALE ENSIGN
dialog: Captain on deck!
speaker_heading: LA FORGE'S COM VOICE
dialog: La Forge to Picard. Captain, I
dialog: need to talk to you before you go
dialog: into the reception...
text: Before Picard can respond, he runs into Worf...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Captain...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Worf, what the hell are you doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: WORF RIKER
dialog: I was at the Manzar colony It's a little late,
dialog: installing a new defense Geordi... can it wait?
dialog: perimeter when I heard the
dialog: Enterprise was in this
dialog: sector...
scene_heading: PICARD LA FORGE'S COM VOICE
dialog: Stop by my quarters later; I don't think so
dialog: I have a few ideas about Commander..
dialog: Manzar security...
dialog: (non-stop to Riker)
dialog: Have him come to the
dialog: reception... we'll talk
dialog: here...
text: Picard moves into the banquet room, continuing to Worf --
speaker_heading: PICARD RIKER
dialog: How's your bride? The Captain wants you to
dialog: come over.
scene_heading: WORF LA FORGE'S COM VOICE
dialog: A challenge I'm on my way... tell him
dialog: we've recieved a
dialog: PICARD communique from Admiral
dialog: Then you were made for Dougherty...
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: LA FORGE'S COM VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: It's about Data.
scene_heading: 29 INT. BANQUET ROOM 29
text: Maybe thirty Starfleet officers, most human but a few
text: Bajorans, Trills and Borians peppered about... a small
text: group of musicians play a festive tune. The crowd moves
text: back as their Captain enters and Troi escorts him to
text: REGENT CUZAR, 50 and her delegation of about eight
text: extremely short aliens... she's at least a foot shorter
dialog: than he is...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Yew-cheen chef-faw, Regent Cuzar.
dialog: Welcome aboard the Enterprise.
speaker_heading: CUZAR
dialog: Captain Picard, may I welcome you
dialog: in the time-honored tradition of
dialog: my people...
dialog: 
text: An aide steps forward and she takes an alien headpiece
text: from him and reaches up to put it on Picard's head...
dialog: Picard has to make himself shorter to make it work... the
text: other aliens throw tiny seeds over Picard and Cuzar (like
text: rice at a wedding)... Picard smiles, trying not to show
dialog: how silly he feels...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CUZAR
dialog: We are so honored to be accepted
dialog: within the great Federation
dialog: family.
dialog: (excusing him)
dialog: Please, I know you have other
dialog: guests to greet...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: We have a dance later, I believe?
speaker_heading: CUZAR
dialog: I look forward to it.
text: One of her misters escorts her away, Picard turns to
dialog: Troi -
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: How are we supposed to dance?
dialog: Her head will be in my...
text: He's interrupted by GEORDI LA FORGE who approaches
text: looking concerned, holding a PADD, hands it to Picard...
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: Excuse me, sir. Admiral
dialog: Dougherty's aboard the Son'a ship
dialog: in sector four-four-one. He's
dialog: requesting Data's schematics...
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: Is something wrong?
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
text: The message doesn't say.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Data should have been back by
dialog: now. They were only scheduled to
dialog: observe the Ba'ku village for a
dialog: week.
dialog: (to Geordi)
dialog: Set up a secured com-link to the
text: Admiral in the anteroom...
text: Geordi acknowledges, moves away... a Bolian science
text: officer grabs Picard by the arm...
speaker_heading: BOLIAN OFFICER
dialog: Captain, Hars Adislo, we met at
dialog: the Nel Bato Conference last
dialog: year... did you ever have a
dialog: chance to read my paper on
dialog: thermionic transconductance...?
text: As Picard reacts, smiling with no recollection...
scene_heading: 30 A MONITOR -- INT. ANTEROOM OFF BANQUET ROOM - (OPTICAL) 30
text: Admiral MATTHEW DOUGHERTY, 69, a confident, charismatic
text: officer is transmitting from a Son'a ship.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
text: He's not acknowledging any
dialog: Starfleet protocols... not
dialog: responding to any of our hails...
text: We pull back to see we're in a small room off the
text: reception... Picard faces the monitor (he's removed the
text: headpiece). Geordi observes. A Starfleet Ensign stands
text: guard just outside the door to make sure they're not
dialog: disturbed.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: You have no idea what
dialog: precipitated his behavior?
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: ... And now he's holding our
dialog: people hostage down there...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: The Enterprise can be at your
dialog: position in two days, Admiral...
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: That's probably not a good idea.
dialog: Your ship hasn't been fitted for
dialog: this region; there are
dialog: environmental concerns...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: What kind of concerns?
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: We haven't fully identified the
dialog: anomalies yet. They're calling
dialog: this whole area The Briar
dialog: Patch... it took us a day to reach
dialog: a location where we could get a
dialog: signal out to you. Just get me
dialog: Data's schematics. I'll keep you
dialog: informed.
dialog: (Picard acknowledges)
dialog: Dougherty out.
text: The screen returns to a starfield.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Send him the schematics.
text: Geordi acknowledges.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Ensign...
speaker_heading: ENSIGN
dialog: (moving inside)
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Report to the galley and tell the
text: chef to skip the fish course.
text: The Ensign gives a puzzled reaction but an order is an
text: order. He exits. Geordi gives his Captain a curious
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I want our guests to depart as
dialog: quickly a etiquette allows.
dialog: I'll ask Worf to delay his return
dialog: to DS9 so he can join us. We're
dialog: going to stop by sector four-four-
dialog: one on our way to the Goren
dialog: system.
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: (understanding)
dialog: They... are in opposite
dialog: directions, sir...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (dry)
dialog: Are they...?
text: La Forge smiles, leaves. Picard takes a beat to collect
dialog: himself and we may sense how the clutter in a Captain's
text: life may wear him down. He puts the alien headpiece back
text: on with sullen eyes... then restores his diplomat's face
text: and returns to the reception...
scene_heading: 31 EXT. SPACE - SON'A SHIP - (OPTICAL) 31
text: moving toward a ringed planet well in the distance,
text: passing slowly through wisps of space matter...
text: wonderful, glowing plasma tendrils like legs of a
text: gigantic tarantula dotted by low density gas clouds...
scene_heading: 32 INT. SON'A SHIP BODY ENHANCEMENT FACILITY - (OPTICAL) 32
text: Low lighting. Strange futuristic dialysis machines pump
text: fluids in and out of reclined Son'a men and women... the
text: women use powder and heavy but carefully applied make-up
text: to obscure their faces. Son'a costumes are made of
text: expensive fabrics with latinum chains and exquisite
text: jewels as accessories, suggesting a wealthy culture that
text: values materialism. Sexy female attendants from various
text: alien races, dressed provocatively, work with laser tools
text: to repair cracked, raw skin off Son'a faces. We move to
text: find RU'AFO, 63, the Son'a Ahdar (Commander), reclining
text: getting an elaborate facial from two beauties, creams and
text: oils massaged into his skin by their gentle fingertips...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: I should have never let you talk
dialog: me into the duck blind in the
dialog: first place...
text: Reveal Admiral Dougherty observing, wearing a crisp,
text: Starfleet uniform... he looks and feels out of place
dialog: here, but such are the demands of alien alliances...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO (CONT'D)
dialog: Your Federation procedures have
dialog: made this mission ten times as
dialog: difficult as it needed to be...
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: Our procedures were in place to
dialog: protect the planet's population
dialog: from unnecessary risk...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Planet's population. Six hundred
dialog: people. You want to avoid
dialog: unnecessary risks? Next time
dialog: leave your android home.
scene_heading: SON'A OFFICER #1'S COM VOICE
dialog: Bridge to Ahdar Ru'afo. We're
text: approaching the planet.
text: He motions to the girls to finish up, presses his
text: personal comlink, answering the call...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Take us into a high orbit.
text: (as he rises from the
dialog: chair)
dialog: Lie down, Admiral. The girls
dialog: will take twenty years off your
dialog: face...
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: Another time.
text: Ru'afo studies his own face in the mirror...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Your self-restraint puzzles me,
dialog: Admiral. You continue to deny
dialog: yourself every benefit this
dialog: mission has to offer...
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: I prefer to wait until we can
dialog: share the benefits with all the
dialog: people of the Federation...
text: Suddenly, boom! The ship is hit by a blast. Ru'afo
text: reacts, leads the way out....
scene_heading: 33 INT. SON'A BRIDGE - (OPTICAL) 33
text: As Ru'afo and Dougherty enter...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Report.
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #1
text: Phaser blast. Unknown origin.
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
text: Raise shields.
dialog: (another blast)
dialog: Take us out of orbit.
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #2
dialog: Photon torpedoes. Brace for
dialog: impact!
text: Blam... again... and again... serious hits...
scene_heading: SON'A COMPUTER VOICE
dialog: Warning. Outer hull damage, deck
dialog: three...
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #1
dialog: Visual contact!
text: On the viewscreen the attacking ship moves suddenly into
text: view from a low density gas cloud like a destroyer
text: emerging from a fog bank... it is a Federation Scout ship --
text: small but impressive, with windows at the forward
text: cockpit... the Admiral reacts...
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: That's our ship.
scene_heading: 34 EXT. SPACE - CLOSE VIEW: THE SCOUT - (OPTICAL) 34
text: as it moves at us, firing one last blast which
text: illuminates the pilot for a instant and we clearly see
text: the face of Data through the window...
scene_heading: 35 EXT. SPACE - THE ENTERPRISE - (OPTICAL) 35
dialog: 
text: at warp, in normal space...
scene_heading: 36 INT. PICARD'S QUARTERS - (OPTICAL) 36
text: Close on the replicator. An allegro chamber music piece
text: in the background...
speaker_heading: PICARD (O.C.)
text: Tea. Earl Grey. Hot.
text: The tea appears as we pull back to reveal Picard studying
text: a PADD... he reaches out for the tea without his eyes
text: ever leaving his reading... walks across the room and
text: sits at a dining table that has stacks of various work
dialog: materials... more PADDS, charts and graphs and maps... a
text: half-eaten salad sits in front of him... and in a move
dialog: that would challenge the world's greatest juggler, he
text: pokes a fork of salad into his mouth with one hand as he
text: sips his tea with the other, finding a spot to prop the
text: PADD so he can still read... and now, his mind, asking a
text: silent question, reaching over to grab a chart, and as he
text: pulls it over, he also spills the salad plate splashing
text: gorgonzolla dressing over his jacket... sighs... a chime
text: at the door...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: RIKER (O.C.)
dialog: Commander Riker...
text: Picard looks at himself, shrugs, what the hell...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Come...
text: Riker enters with a PADD, eyes drawn to Picard's stained
dialog: jacket...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I'm the casualty of a working
dialog: lunch.
text: Picard takes off his jacket... and as the scene
text: continues, he changes.
speaker_heading: PICARD (CONT'D)
dialog: I've been going over the few star
dialog: charts we have of this "Briar
dialog: Patch". It's full of supernova
dialog: remnants, false vacuum
dialog: fluctuations...
text: Riker looks at the star chart, brushes it off...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: ... and gorgonzolla cheese.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: We won't be able to go any faster
dialog: than one-third impulse in that
dialog: muck...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (handing him the PADD)
dialog: Nothing dangerous turned up in
dialog: the astrometric survey...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: So where are the 'environmental
dialog: concerns' the Admiral was talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: The only unusual readings were
dialog: low levels of metaphasic
dialog: radiation from interstellar dust
dialog: across the region...
speaker_heading: WORF'S COM VOICE
dialog: Bridge to Captain Picard. We are
text: approaching sector four-four-one.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Slow to impulse. We're on our
dialog: way.
text: Picard leads the way out...
scene_heading: 37 EXT. SPACE - THE BRIAR PATCH - (OPTICAL) 37
dialog: The edge of the dangerous and beautiful region...
text: moving to find the Enterprise approaching at impulse...
scene_heading: 38 INT. BRIDGE - (OPTICAL) 38
text: Seeing the Patch on the viewscreen... Worf at tactical,
text: ENSIGN KELL PERIM, female Trill, 29, at Conn... Troi at
text: command, La Forge at Ops... as Picard and Riker enter...
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: We're about to lose
dialog: communications with Starfleet,
dialog: Captain.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Troi)
dialog: Do you have everything you need
dialog: from command?
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: We've downloaded all the files on
dialog: the duck blind mission as well as
dialog: intelligence reports on the
dialog: Son'a.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (including Riker)
dialog: You have two days to become
dialog: experts... Mister Worf, your job
dialog: and mine will be to find a plan
dialog: to safely capture Data.
text: Worf holds up a modified tricorder...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: I've already modified a tricorder
text: with one of his spare actuation
dialog: servos. Its operational range is
dialog: only seven meters but it should
dialog: shut him down...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (appreciating his
dialog: initiative)
dialog: It's good to have you back, Worf.
dialog: (he sits)
dialog: Slow to one-third. Take us in.
scene_heading: 39 EXT. SPACE - THE ENTERPRISE - (OPTICAL) 39
text: as it moves slowly into The Patch.
scene_heading: 40 INT. ENTERPRISE LIBRARY 40
dialog: Significantly electronic... many computer stations... a
dialog: few real books... Troi and Riker work at parallel
text: computer stations... people are at other stations...
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: (off her computer)
dialog: The Son'a discovered an M-class
dialog: planet with humanoid life six
dialog: months ago. Turned out it's in
dialog: us to get approval for a
dialog: sociological study. The
dialog: Federation Council suggested it
dialog: be a joint mission...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Why was Data assigned?
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: "Environmental concerns", again.
dialog: An android could be safely
dialog: exposed to the elements during
dialog: the installation of a duck
dialog: blind...
speaker_heading: LIBRARIAN(C.O.)
dialog: Sssshhh...
text: They turn to see -- a middle-aged, prune-faced woman at a
text: desk, looking sternly at them... Troi goes back to her
text: reading but seems distracted... sees a paper notepad on
text: the desk, rips off a shred and, during the following
text: exchange, starts to press it between her thumb and
text: forefinger into a little ball. Whispering now --
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: I don't see anything to suggest
dialog: the Son'a have any interest in
dialog: sociology...
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: What are they interested in...?
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Wine, women and song.
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: You should feel right at home
dialog: with them.
text: She throws the ball of paper and hits Riker on the side
text: of the head... he turns but she's looking innocently at
text: her screen... he rolls a little paper ball himself...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Nomadic, collectors of precious
dialog: metals, jewels...
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: (joking)
dialog: Hmm, I should feel right at home
dialog: with them...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: You're in luck... it says here
dialog: they've taken women from several
text: races as indentured servants.
text: Just as he's about to throw his paper ball back at her...
text: he sees the librarian staring at him... Riker, caught,
text: sheepishly turns back to his computer... a beat...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (reacts)
dialog: Look at this...
text: She stands, leaning over Riker's shoulder to see his
text: computer, putting one arm on the desk...
speaker_heading: RIKER (CONT'D)
dialog: 'The Son'a have been suspected of
dialog: producing mass quantities of the
dialog: narcotic ketracel-white... their
dialog: ships are rumored to be equipped
dialog: with isolytic subspace weapons
dialog: outlawed by the Second Khitomer
dialog: Accord...'
scene_heading: 41 ANGLE EMPHASIZING HER BREAST 41
text: as it rests gently on his upper arm... and he's deeply
dialog: aware of that breast touching him...
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: Why would we be involved with
dialog: these people?
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Good question.
text: They exchange a brief glance that has nothing to do with
text: the Son'a. As his eyes return to the computer scrolling,
text: she casually plays with hair at the nape of his neck...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: You haven't done that in a long
dialog: time...
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: What...?
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: What you're doing to my neck...
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: (flirtatiously)
dialog: Was I doing something to your
dialog: neck?
text: He pauses his scrolling as he comes to something
dialog: curious...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: It says here that some form of
dialog: genetic damage has apparently
dialog: prevented the Son'a from
dialog: procreating...
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: No children?
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: If that's true, they're a dying
dialog: race.
dialog: 
text: Suddenly, a tiny ball of paper hits Riker...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Hey...
text: He turns to see an alien ensign looking too innocently at
text: his computer. The librarian's eyes fix on Riker and
text: Troi, obvious troublemakers... Troi points to Riker...
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: He started it.
text: Riker reacts, starts to leave... Troi follows...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: I didn't do anything, I swear it.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 41A EXT. SPACE - THE ENTERPRISE (OPTICAL) 41A
text: As it continues slowly through The Briar Patch...
scene_heading: 42 INT. WORF'S QUARTERS 42
text: Dark. Worf asleep in bed, an alarm already beeping...
speaker_heading: PICARD'S COM VOICE
dialog: Bridge to Commander Worf...
text: Worf begins to stir... then his eyes open and he realizes
text: the alarm is going off... he sits up...
speaker_heading: PICARD'S COM VOICE
dialog: Worf?
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Captain?
speaker_heading: PICARD'S COM VOICE
dialog: I don't know how they do it on
dialog: Deep Space Nine... but on the
dialog: Enterprise, we still report for
dialog: duty on time.
text: Worf stands in the dark, bumping his head as he does...
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: 43 INT. BRIDGE 43
text: Picard at command... La Forge at Ops... Perim at conn...
text: LIEUTENANT NARA, human male, 35, at Tactical...
speaker_heading: WORF'S COM VOICE
dialog: I... I must have slept through my
dialog: alarm. I'm on my way...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: We'll skip the court martial this
dialog: time... Picard out.
text: A beat as Picard listens to the sound of his ship, raises
text: an eyebrow... we hear nothing... he moves forward to
dialog: La Forge and Perim...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: When was the last time we aligned
dialog: our torque sensors...
speaker_heading: PERIM
dialog: Two months ago, sir...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: They don't sound right.
text: La Forge and Perim react, work the controls, exchange a
dialog: look at the results...
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
text: The torque sensors are out of
dialog: alignment... by twelve microns...
dialog: you could hear that?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (pleased with himself)
dialog: When I was an ensign, I could
dialog: detect a three-micron mis-
dialog: alignment...
speaker_heading: NARA
dialog: Excuse me, sir. The Son'a ship
text: with Admiral Dougherty aboard has
dialog: entered tracking range...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Try to hail them.
text: A disheveled and embarrassed Worf enters...
speaker_heading: NARA
text: Admiral Dougherty responding.
text: Worf replaces Nara...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Straighten your baldric,
text: Commander. On screen...
scene_heading: 44 ANGLE - INCLUDE THE VIEWSCREEN - (OPTICAL) 44
text: Dougherty and Ru'afo are sitting in Ru'afo's tactical
text: room, opulently decorated for a spaceship.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: Captain, I wasn't expecting you.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: This was too important for the
dialog: Enterprise to be on the
dialog: sidelines, Admiral...
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: I wish I had better news.
dialog: Commander Data attacked us in the
dialog: mission scout ship yesterday.
dialog: Ru'afo and I have decided to send
text: in an assault team...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Sir, Commander Worf and I have
dialog: been working on several tactical
dialog: plans to safely...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Your android has turned
dialog: dangerously violent, Captain...
dialog: Considerable damage was done to
dialog: my ship. He must be destroyed.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: I know what Data means to
dialog: Starfleet, Jean-Luc... but our
dialog: crew is at the mercy of those
dialog: people on the planet...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: If our first attempt to capture
dialog: Data fails, I will terminate him.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I should be the one to do it.
dialog: I'm his Captain. And his friend.
text: Dougherty pauses to consider but Ru'afo wants none of
dialog: Picard.
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: It isn't safe for you to remain
dialog: in this area.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: He's right. Our shields have
dialog: been upgraded to protect against
dialog: the environmental anomalies...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: We haven't noticed any ill
dialog: effects.
text: The Admiral studies him a long beat, is sympathetic to
dialog: Picard's position.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: All right. You have twelve
dialog: hours, Captain. Then I want you
dialog: out of The Briar Patch. In the
dialog: meantime, we'll be heading out to
dialog: the perimeter to call for Son'a
dialog: reinforcements in case you fail.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Understood.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: Good luck. Dougherty out.
text: His image disappears. On Picard's expression...
scene_heading: 45 EXT. SPACE - THE ENTERPRISE - (OPTICAL) 45
text: As the bay door slides open and a shuttle emerges... moves
text: through the gas clouds toward the beautiful ringed
dialog: planet...
scene_heading: 46 INT. SHUTTLE - (OPTICAL) 46
text: Worf and Picard at the controls...
speaker_heading: WORF
text: Sensors are not picking up any
text: ships coming from the surface...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Transmit a wide band co-variant
dialog: signal. That'll get his
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: (touches panel)
dialog: He might be using the planet's
text: rings to mask his approach.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (off sensors)
dialog: The metaphasic radiation in those
text: rings is in a state of extreme
text: flux. Steer clear of them,
dialog: Mister Worf...
text: A beat. Watching and waiting.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Come out, come out wherever you
dialog: are...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Hmm? Oh, it's just something my
dialog: mother used to...
text: Suddenly, wham -- a blast...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Hold on.
text: He hits the controls and they climb sharply...
scene_heading: 47 EXT. SPACE - THE SHUTTLE - (OPTICAL) 47
text: evading phaser shots form the scout... the planet
text: providing a dramatic backdrop...
scene_heading: 48 INT. SHUTTLE 48
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: Open all hailing frequencies.
dialog: (Worf acknowledges)
dialog: Data, this is Captain Picard...
scene_heading: 49 INT. SCOUT - CLOSEUP DATA - (OPTICAL) 49
text: Windows showing a gas cloud outside...
speaker_heading: PICARD'S COM VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: ... please acknowledge...
text: Data ignores him, continues to fire...
scene_heading: 50 EXT. SPACE - THE SCOUT - (OPTICAL) 50
text: moving through the dark clouds, pursuing the shuttle,
dialog: firing phasers...
scene_heading: 51 INT. SHUTTLE 51
text: More shots connect... more sharp evasive maneuvers...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Sir, if we fire a tachyon burst,
dialog: it may force him to reset his
text: shield harmonics. When he does,
dialog: we could beam him out...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Make it so.
speaker_heading: 52 OMITTED 52
scene_heading: 53 EXT. SPACE - THE SHUTTLE - (OPTICAL) 53
dialog: 
text: fires a tachyon burst...
scene_heading: 53A THE SCOUT - (OPTICAL) 53A
dialog: the blast connects...
scene_heading: 54 INT. SHUTTLE 54
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WORF
text: Direct hit. He's resetting his
dialog: shield harmonics...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Beam him out!
scene_heading: 55 NEW ANGLE INCLUDING THE TRANSPORTER PAD - (OPTICAL) 55
text: which wheezes unsuccessfully... they react...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: He's activated a transport
dialog: inhibitor.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Prepare to enter the
dialog: atmosphere... we'll use the
dialog: ionospheric boundary to shake
dialog: him...
scene_heading: 56 EXT. SPACE - UPPER ATMOSPHERE - SCOUT/ SHUTTLE - 56
speaker_heading: DAY (OPTICAL)
text: The shuttle blasts through the atmosphere attempting to
dialog: shake off the scout...
scene_heading: 57 INT. SHUTTLE 57
text: Picard works hard to stabilize the ship...
speaker_heading: WORF
text: Scanners are off line!
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Evasive maneuvers... heading one-
dialog: four-zero mark three-one...
text: Then, wham... wham... WHAM! Gas shoots from the
text: ceiling... Worf tries to stop it...
scene_heading: 58 THROUGH THE WINDOW - (OPTICAL) 58
text: to see the Scout zooming past, so close that Picard and
text: Data can even make eye contact... Picard works to avoid
dialog: him again...
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: He can fly a ship, he anticipates
dialog: tactical strategies, his brain is
dialog: obviously functioning...
dialog: We've seen how he responds to
dialog: threats. I wonder how he'd
dialog: respond to...
text: Another shot connects...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (a new idea)
dialog: Do you know Gilbert and Sullivan?
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: No, sir. I haven't had a chance to
dialog: meet all the new crew members
dialog: since I've been back...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: They're composers, Worf, from the
dialog: nineteenth century. Data was
text: rehearsing a part in H.M.S.
dialog: Pinafore before he left...
dialog: (singing to com)
dialog: "A British tar is a soaring soul,
dialog: As free as a mountain bird, His
dialog: energetic first should be ready to
dialog: resist A dictatorial word..."
text: Picard looks at Worf, nods, join me! Worf gives him an
text: exasperated look... Picard begins to enter commands into
text: the computer as he continues to sing...
speaker_heading: 59 OMITTED 59
dialog: & &
dialog: 60 60
scene_heading: 61 INT. SCOUT 61
speaker_heading: PICARD'S COM VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: "His nose should pant and his lip
dialog: should curl, His cheeks should
dialog: flame and his brow should
dialog: furl..."
dialog: 
text: Data reacts.
text: From somewhere inside his damaged brain, he recalls this
text: song. He starts to sing to himself...
speaker_heading: DATA/PICARD'S COM VOICE
dialog: (together)
dialog: "His bosom should heave and his
text: heart should glow, and his fist
dialog: be ready for a knock-down
dialog: blow..."
scene_heading: 62 INT. SHUTTLE - (OPTICAL) 62
text: The lyrics are scrolling on a monitor now... a bouncing
dialog: ball making it easier for Worf to follow...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Worf)
dialog: Sing!
speaker_heading: PICARD AND WORF
dialog: "His nose should pant and his lip
dialog: should curl, his cheeks should
dialog: flame and his brow should
dialog: furl..."
scene_heading: 63 INT. SCOUT 63
dialog: And Data sings in unison --
scene_heading: DATA/PICARD/WORF'S COM VOICES
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
dialog: "... His bosom should heave and
dialog: his heart should glow... And his
dialog: fist be ready for a knock-down
dialog: blow..."
scene_heading: 64 INT. SHUTTLE 64
text: Picard catches his breath, turns off the companel.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: He's stopped firing.
text: Suddenly from the speaker --
speaker_heading: DATA'S COM VOICE
dialog: "His eyes should flash with an
dialog: inborn fire, His brow should scorn
dialog: be wrung; he never should bow
text: down to a domineering frown, Or
dialog: the tang of a tyrant tongue..."
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (smiles, triumphant)
text: Prepare the docking clamps.
text: Worf moves to a rear panel as Picard sings with Data...
speaker_heading: PICARD/ DATA'S COM VOICE
dialog: "... His foot should stamp..."
scene_heading: 65 INT. SCOUT 65
text: Data, mesmerized by the song, is not paying attention to
dialog: his sensors...
speaker_heading: DATA/PICARD'S COM VOICE
dialog: "... and his throat should growl,
dialog: His hair should twirl and his
dialog: face should scowl..."
scene_heading: 66 EXT. SCOUT AND SHUTTLE - DAY - CONTINUOUS (OPTICAL) 66
text: As the shuttle moves within yards, even feet, of the
text: scout... sliding under the belly of Data's craft...
speaker_heading: DATA/PICARD'S VOICES
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: "... His eyes should flash and his
dialog: breast protrude, And this should
dialog: be his customary attitude --"
scene_heading: 67 CLOSE - THE DOCKING CLAMP - (OPTICAL) 67
text: on the roof of the shuttle extends and with a magnetic
text: jolt attaches itself to the scout.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DATA/PICARD'S VOICES
dialog: ... His foot should stamp and his
dialog: throat should growl..."
scene_heading: 68 INT. SCOUT 68
text: Data feels the jolt, reacts, stops singing, his programs
text: clinking back into a defense mode...
speaker_heading: PICARD'S COM VOICE
dialog: "His hair should twirl and his
dialog: face should scowl..."
text: Data checks his sensors, hits a panel and...
scene_heading: 69 EXT. SCOUT AND SHUTTLE - (OPTICAL) 69
text: as the scout rocks back and forth trying to shake the
dialog: shuttle loose...
scene_heading: 70 INT. SHUTTLE 70
text: Picard and Worf hold on for dear life...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Sir, inertial coupling is
dialog: exceeding tolerance... if we
dialog: don't release him, he may destroy
dialog: both vessels...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I'm not letting go of him.
scene_heading: 71 EXT. SCOUT AND SHUTTLE - (OPTICAL) 71
text: They begin to spin and spiral downwards...
scene_heading: 72 INT. SCOUT - (OPTICAL) 72
text: Data still trying to free his ship... the surface
text: spinning and looming closer through the window...
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE
dialog: Warning. Impact with surface...
scene_heading: 73 INT. SHUTTLE - (OPTICAL) 73
text: The same view of the surface through their window...
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE
dialog: ... in twenty seconds.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Reroute emergency power to
dialog: inertial dampers!
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: The damping sequencer was damaged
dialog: by phaser fire!
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: Transferring controls to manual.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE
dialog: Warning. Impact with surface...
scene_heading: 74 INT. SCOUT - (OPTICAL) 74
dialog: As before.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE
dialog: ... in ten seconds.
scene_heading: 75 INT. SHUTTLE - (OPTICAL) 75
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Damping field established!
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Maximum power!
scene_heading: 76 EXT. SCOUT AND SHUTTLE (OPTICAL) 76
text: The shuttle gains control sweeping both ships into a hard
text: arc parallel to the surface, only a dozen yards above the
dialog: surface.
scene_heading: 77 INT. SCOUT (OPTICAL) 77
text: Data reacts to a hatch being blown open on the floor
text: behind him, turns to see Worf aiming the modified
text: tricorder at him... Worf presses a button, nothing
text: happens... Data looks curiously at him... then lunges at
text: him, but Worf extends his arm and presses the button
text: again and Data shuts off in mid-lunge and falls
text: motionless, inches from Worf. He presses his combadge...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Captain...
scene_heading: 78 INT. SHUTTLE 78
speaker_heading: WORF'S COM VOICE
dialog: Commander Data is safely in
dialog: custody.
text: Picard takes a deep breath... satisfied.
speaker_heading: 79 OMITTED 79
dialog: & &
speaker_heading: 80 80
scene_heading: 81 EXT. VILLAGE - DAY (OPTICAL) 81
text: The hostages are sitting at wooden tables with the Ba'ku
text: having lunch, the Son'a quietly keeping to themselves at
text: separate tables. To the side, Artim and friends play a
text: game (TBD) that displays extraordinary hand-eye
dialog: coordination, well beyond human abilities.
scene_heading: 82 ANGLE - PICARD, TROI AND CRUSHER 82
dialog: 
text: and several engineers enter the village on foot, phasers
text: drawn, their faces curious at the picnic before them...
text: the hum of conversation fades... for a moment, it almost
dialog: seems that the hostages are sorry to seem them...
text: Gallatin and the Starfleet lieutenant move to Picard...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: Captain, Subahdar Gallatin, Son'a
dialog: Command.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Lieutenant Curtis, attach, to
dialog: Admiral Dougherty.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: We've been treated extremely well
dialog: by these people.
text: The children have resumed their game. Troi observes them
text: with keen interest... Picard notices...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Counselor?
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: They have an incredible clarity
dialog: of perception, Captain. I've
dialog: never encountered a species with
dialog: such mental discipline...
text: Sojef, Anij and several of the Ba'ku, including another
text: village leader, TOURNEL (35), move toward them.
speaker_heading: SOJEF
dialog: My name is Sojef, Captain.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Jean-Luc Picard... my officers
dialog: Doctor Crusher and Counselor
dialog: Troi.
speaker_heading: SOJEF
dialog: Would you like something to eat?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: No, we're here to... rescue them.
speaker_heading: SOJEF
dialog: As you wish. But I would ask you
dialog: to disarm yourselves. This
dialog: village is a sanctuary of life.
text: Picard measures the request... then holsters his
dialog: phaser... the rest of the away team does the same...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Crusher and Troi)
dialog: Prepare to transport the
dialog: 'hostages' to the ship...
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: They should be quarantined
text: before joining the ship's
dialog: population.
text: Picard nods. They move off with Gallatin and the
text: Lieutenant. The work crew moves to disassemble the duck
dialog: blind.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Sojef)
dialog: We were under the impression they
dialog: were being held against their
dialog: will.
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: It's not our custom to have
dialog: guests here at all, let alone
dialog: hold anyone against their will.
text: Picard makes eye contact with Anij... her tone is not
dialog: harsh, but we can sense an inner strength in this woman.
speaker_heading: SOJEF
dialog: The artificial lifeform would not
dialog: allow them to leave. He told us
dialog: they were our enemies and more
dialog: would follow.
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: Are you our enemy?
speaker_heading: SOJEF
dialog: Anij...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: My people have a strict policy of
dialog: non-interference with other
dialog: cultures. In fact, it's our Prime
dialog: Directive.
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: (dry, with a smile)
dialog: Your directive apparently doesn't
dialog: include spying on other cultures.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: If I were in your shoes, I'd feel
dialog: the same way after what happened.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The 'artificial lifeform' is a
dialog: member of my crew. Apparently,
dialog: he became... ill...
speaker_heading: TOURNEL
dialog: There did seem to be a phase
dialog: variance in the positronic matrix
dialog: that we were unable to repair.
text: Picard reacts, not the sort of thing one expects to hear
dialog: from someone in a place like this...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: I believe the Captain finds it
dialog: hard to believe that we'd have
dialog: any skills repairing a positronic
dialog: device...
speaker_heading: SOJEF
dialog: Our technological abilities
dialog: aren't apparent because we've
dialog: chosen not to employ them in our
dialog: daily lives. We believe when you
dialog: create a machine to do the work
dialog: of a man, you take something away
dialog: from the man.
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: (don't take us
dialog: lightly)
dialog: But at one time, we explored the
dialog: galaxy just as you do...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: You have warp capability?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: Capability, yes. But where can
dialog: warp drive take us, except away
dialog: from here...?
dialog: Clearly establishing that she and her people have very
dialog: little interest in life beyond their world. Picard
dialog: allows himself to take in this glorious setting... a
text: humming bird hovers briefly nearby... it is the kind of
dialog: paradise that would appeal to any contemporary man trying
text: to escape the clutter of his life if only for a brief
dialog: respite... and at least, to that extent --
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I understand.
text: In the background, the Starfleet hostages embrace their
text: hosts as they say farewell...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I apologize for our intrusion.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 83 INT. READY ROOM - (OPTICAL) 83
text: Picard talks to Dougherty on a monitor...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: ... and because they have warp
dialog: capabilities, the consequences to
dialog: their society are minimal...
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: You've done a terrific job, Jean-
dialog: Luc. Now, pack your bags and get
dialog: the hell out of there. How's
dialog: Data?
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: In stasis. La Forge is
dialog: completing the diagnostic.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: (acknowledge)
dialog: I'll need all your paperwork
dialog: tomorrow. We're heading back
dialog: your way. Set a course to
dialog: rendezvous with us so you can
dialog: transfer the crew and equipment
dialog: on your way out.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: You're not finished here?
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
text: Just a few loose ends to tie up.
dialog: Dougherty out.
text: Picard turns off the monitor, glances at the pile of work
text: PADDS -- his "paperwork" -- on his desk without
dialog: pleasure...
text: picks one up and begins to study it for a beat... then is
text: drawn to the window, where he can see the warm inviting
dialog: planet below.
scene_heading: 84 INT. TROI'S OFFICE 84
text: She's sitting on the sofa making some notes on a PADD
text: when the door chimes...
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: Come in.
dialog: (Riker enters)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Got a minute? I... need a little
dialog: counseling.
dialog: (off her surprise)
dialog: First time for everything. Do
dialog: I... lie down... or what?
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: Whatever makes you comfortable...
text: Riker lies down, only he winds up with his head on her
text: lap looking up at her...
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: This isn't one of the usual
dialog: therapeutic postures...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: But it's comfortable.
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: Why don't you try sitting up?
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Or you could try lying down.
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: You're in quite a mood today.
text: He finally sits up, stealing a kiss along the way... she
text: rises shocked but not upset...
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: Do you really need counseling or
dialog: did you come down here to play?
text: Riker is on his feet now, approaching her. She retreats.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Both.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: I think I'm having a mid-life
dialog: crisis...
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: (retreating)
dialog: ... I believe you...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: ... I'm not sleeping well...
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: ... Doctor Crusher has something
dialog: that'll take care of that...
text: She allows him to catch her...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: What I need, I can't get from
dialog: Doctor Crusher...
dialog: (inches away)
dialog: Counselor, do you think it's
dialog: possible for two people to go
dialog: back in time to fix a mistake
dialog: they've made?
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: On this ship, anything can
dialog: happen. And usually does.
text: He closes the gap between them, kisses her deeply.
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: Augh.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Augh?
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: I never kissed you with a beard
dialog: before.
text: She pushes him out the door...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: I kiss you and you say 'augh'?!
text: She hits the panel and the door slides closed in his
text: face... a tiny grin comes to her face...
scene_heading: 85 INT. ENGINEERING CORRIDOR - MOVING WITH PICARD & 85
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
text: La Forge has a headache he's trying to work through... he
dialog: shows Picard several burned components...
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: I took these out of Data's neural
dialog: net... they contain memory
dialog: engrams...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Do you know how they were
dialog: damaged?
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: By a Son'a weapon.
dialog: (off Picard's look)
dialog: There's no doubt about it, sir.
dialog: That's what made Data
text: malfunction.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: The Son'a reports claim they
dialog: didn't fire until after he
dialog: malfunctioned.
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: I don't believe it happened that
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Why would they fire at him
dialog: without provocation?
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: All I know is that he was
dialog: functioning normally until he was
text: shot. Then, his fail-safe system
dialog: was activated...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Fail-safe?
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: His ethical and moral subroutines
dialog: took over all of his basic
dialog: functions...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: So, you're saying he still knew
dialog: the difference between right and
dialog: wrong.
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: In a sense, that's all he knew.
dialog: The system is designed to protect
dialog: him against anyone who might try
dialog: to take advantage of his memory
dialog: loss.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: And yet he attacked us. And told
dialog: the Ba'ku we were a threat...
text: 'Why?' is the unspoken question on Picard's face.
speaker_heading: 86 ANGLE 86
text: They reach a door with a significant security system in
text: place... Geordi hits several panels... Picard notices his
dialog: eye discomfort...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Implants bothering you?
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: It's nothing. I'm just tired.
text: The door slides open to reveal a closet-sized space with
text: Data mounted on the wall in a diagnostic device... Geordi
text: touches a panel which activates Data...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Hello, Data...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Captain, Geordi...?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: You're aboard the Enterprise.
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: You've had a serious malfunction.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (going inward a beat)
dialog: I seem to be missing several
dialog: memory engrams...
text: Geordi holds up the damaged components for him to see.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Yes... that looks like them.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: What's the last thing you
dialog: remember, Data...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (searching his
dialog: memory, signs)
dialog: 'his nose should pant and his lip
dialog: should curl...'
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: From the mission...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: I was in an isolation suit
dialog: collecting physiometric data on
dialog: Ba'ku children. My last memory
text: is going into the hills,
dialog: following a boy...
scene_heading: 87 EXT. VILLAGE - DAY - (OPTICAL) 87
text: Artim is playing with a tiny 'palm-pet', a colorful cross
text: between a caterpillar and a jellyfish that crawls over
text: his hand and between his fingers, as Sojef moves over
text: with Picard and Data... the boy looks at Data with fear
text: in his eyes. Data can't help but notice...
speaker_heading: SOJEF
dialog: Artim, do you remember where you
dialog: were on the day of lightning
dialog: when the artificial lifeform
dialog: appeared to us?
speaker_heading: ARTIM
text: In the hills, by the dam.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Can you show us?
text: Artim puts his pet in a pocket (or it can have its own
text: little pouch on Artim's belt if he has no pockets) and
text: leads the way. Several Ba'ku including Anij and Tournel
text: curiously follow. As Picard makes eye contact with her,
text: she moves over...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: Haven't you disrupted our lives
dialog: enough...?
text: She says it gently, but honestly...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I understand how you feel. We
dialog: just want to retrace Data's
dialog: movements that day...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (a cautious reply)
dialog: I don't like to leave questions
text: unanswered.
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: Then you must spend your life
dialog: answering questions.
text: She moves away. Picard watches her; she doesn't look
dialog: back.
scene_heading: 88 ANGLE ON DATA 88
text: Who notices Artim still glancing at him with fear. To
dialog: reassure him --
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: There is no need for concern. I
dialog: am operating within normal
dialog: parameters now.
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: You're what?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: I am better.
text: The android's manner only seems to frighten Artim more.
text: Before Data can say anything else, Sojef comes and leads
text: him away, giving Data a cool smile that says, in effect,
dialog: I don't want any artificial lifeform talking to my son.
text: Data reacts. After a thoughtful beat, moves to walk with
dialog: Picard.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: I believe the boy is... afraid...
dialog: of me.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: It's nothing personal data. You
dialog: have to remember these people
dialog: have rejected technology. And
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: ... I am the personification of
dialog: everything they have rejected.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Until this week, that young man
dialog: probably never saw a machine, let
dialog: alone one that walks and talks...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: And I do not believe I made a
dialog: very good first impression.
dialog: 
text: It clearly bothers Data to be the object of fear. The
text: boy glances over his shoulder once more at the android,
text: looks quickly away...
speaker_heading: 89 LONG SHOT 89
text: as the group moves into the rocky foothills...
speaker_heading: 90 PICARD 90
dialog: 
text: enchanted by the natural beauty, the antithesis of
text: clutter.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 91 NEW ANGEL 91
text: They come to a brook. Artim hops on one foot across
text: rocks in the water and without stopping to think, Picard
text: does the same thing, looking like a little boy... then
text: notices a curious look from Data which makes him collect
text: himself and adjust his jacket. Anij glances over at
text: Sojef with concern. The others cross in adult fashion.
scene_heading: 92 COMING OVER A RISE 92
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: I saw the first bolt of lightning
dialog: over there...
text: As they move along the rise...
scene_heading: 93 INT. RIKER'S QUARTERS - BATHROOM 93
text: Close on a 24th century container of Gillette Foamy
dialog: Shaving Cream ("For weightless Environments!")... finding
text: a female hand with a straight razor moving to Riker's
text: face... his chin and cheeks lathered with cream... and
text: the hand is Troi's and they're in the bathtub together in
text: a bubble bath... she expertly moves the blade across his
text: face, leaving a swath of bare chin...
speaker_heading: WORF'S COM VOICE
dialog: Bridge to Riker.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Can I get back to you, Worf?
speaker_heading: WORF'S COM VOICE
dialog: Admiral Dougherty's on the com-
dialog: link, sir.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Patch him through.
dialog: (the computer bleeps)
dialog: Yes, Admiral.
scene_heading: 94 INT. SON'A BODY FACILITY 94
text: Dougherty in the foreground; behind him a Son'a physician
text: is pulling green scum from subcutaneous boils under the
text: skin of Ru'afo's neck with a syringe...
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: Why haven't you left orbit yet?
speaker_heading: RIKER
text: Captain Picard is still on the
dialog: surface, sir.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: Doing what?
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: He didn't want to leave until we
dialog: could adequately explain why Data
text: malfunctioned. His future in
dialog: Starfleet could depend on it.
text: Dougherty exchanges a concerned look with Ru'afo...
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: Remind the captain his twelve
dialog: hours are up.
speaker_heading: RIKER'S COM VOICE
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: Dougherty out.
text: Ru'afo's eyes are closed, as the green goo moves from his
text: neck to the doctor's syringe...
speaker_heading: SON'A DOCTOR
dialog: Your body is producing far too
dialog: many toxins... we've reached the
dialog: limit of genetic manipulation...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: I won't need any more genetic
dialog: manipulation if our Federation
dialog: friends will allow us to complete
dialog: this mission.
text: He opens his eyes, gives Dougherty a pointed look...
scene_heading: 95 EXT. PLANET SURFACE - DAY - LOOKING DOWN TO SEE A SMALL 95
speaker_heading: LAKE
text: Picard, Data and the Ba'ku have moved toward a dam where
dialog: Data is having trouble with is tricorder...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Tricorder functions are limited
dialog: due to heavy deposits of
dialog: kelbonite in these hills...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: How about a passive radiation
dialog: scan?
text: Data adjusts his tricorder... reacts...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Curious, there appear to be
dialog: strong neutrino emissions coming
dialog: from the lake...
text: Staying with Data s he follows the tricorder to the edge
text: of the lake... a brief pause... and then in a Harold
text: Lloyd sort of moment, he steps into the lake up to his
text: ankles, pauses again to look at the tricorder and then
text: disappears under water.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 96 ARTIM 96
text: reacts, astounded... looks to Picard...
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: Can he breathe under water?
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: Data doesn't breathe.
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: Won't he rust?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (smiles to himself)
dialog: No.
text: The boy turns his wide eyes back toward the lake.
scene_heading: 97 UNDERWATER - DATA (OPTICAL) 97
text: An eel and a fish investigate him as he stands on the
text: lake bottom, examining his tricorder...
scene_heading: 98 EXT. LAKE - DAY 98
text: Data emerges at a distance from the others... calling --
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Sir, I believe I know what is
dialog: causing the neutrino emissions...
text: He climbs to the top of the earthen dam and turns a heavy
dialog: wheel that might usually require the strength of two men,
text: opening a floodgate... as he does --
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: (fascinated)
dialog: Are there other machines like him
dialog: in the offland?
speaker_heading: SOJEF
dialog: The offland is no concern of
dialog: yours.
scene_heading: 98A ANGLE WITH DATA 98A
text: The water continues to run off and as we push to the
dialog: falling water...
speaker_heading: 98B WITH PICARD 98B
text: reacting as he looks down at the lake...
speaker_heading: 99 ANGLE (OPTICAL) 99
text: a strange displacement of water appearing as the lake
text: drains... something invisible is sitting in the water...
text: a bird lands on top of it... and as the water sinks
text: lower, spilling off the sides of the invisible object,
text: the shape is revealed to be that of a cloaked spaceship.
speaker_heading: 100 PICARD 100
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: A ship,
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: It is clearly Federation in
dialog: origin, Captain.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (quoting Dougherty)
dialog: 'Just a few loose ends to tie
dialog: up.'
text: As they move to a rowboat... Artim begins to follow but
text: Sojef puts a firm arm on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: SOJEF
dialog: We're not interested in such
dialog: things.
text: Anij looks to Sojef...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: I am.
text: And she hops onto the rowboat with Picard and Data...
text: decidedly not trusting either of them to go alone...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: It might be wiser for you to stay
text: on shore.
text: Anij's answer is to grab an oar and push them away from
text: shore... as Data and Picard exchange a glance, Picard
text: takes the oar from her and...
speaker_heading: 101 WIDE - (OPTICAL) 101
text: Picard, Anij and Data row closer to the invisible ship.
scene_heading: 102 CLOSER - THE ROWBOAT 102
text: Data presses controls on his tricorder. A hatch opens.
dialog: Picard and Data draw phasers...
scene_heading: 103 INT. HOLOGRAPHIC SHIP/VILLAGE - (OPTICAL) 103
text: As they climb in to find themselves in an identical image
text: of the Ba'ku village. Anij is stunned...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (off tricorder)
text: It is a holographic projection.
text: Moving to a gap that shows the metal holo-grid...
speaker_heading: DATA (CONT'D)
dialog: Incomplete, I might add.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Anij)
dialog: What you're seeing is a computer
dialog: driven image created by photons
dialog: and forcefields...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: I know what a hologram is,
dialog: Captain. The question is -- why
dialog: would someone want to create one
dialog: of our village?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (beat, considering)
dialog: Data, if you were following the
dialog: boy and discovered this ship...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: ... it is conceivable I was shot
dialog: to protect the secret of its
dialog: existence.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (beat, musing aloud)
dialog: What possible purpose could a
dialog: duplicate village have except...
dialog: to deceive the Ba'ku...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: Deceive us?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: To move you off this planet. You
dialog: go to sleep one night in your
dialog: village... wake up the next
dialog: morning in this flying holodeck
text: transported en masse. A week
dialog: later, maybe a month, you've been
dialog: relocated on a similar planet
dialog: without ever realizing it.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Why would the Federation or the
dialog: Son'a wish to move the Ba'ku?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I don't know.
text: We may notice a look in Anij's eyes - she knows why but
text: doesn't intend to say. Picard and Data don't notice her
dialog: reaction...
speaker_heading: 104 ANGLE - (OPTICAL) 104
text: Suddenly wham! -- a plasma charge is fired from the
text: shadows of the "village" hologram... and then another and
text: another... the shots hit walls revealing portions of the
dialog: holo-grid (an effect we will see again later during the
text: final action). Plasma ricochets off the walls spraying
text: sparks over them all... as Data fires back, Picard grabs
text: Anij and shoves her out of the hatch for her safety...
scene_heading: 105 ANGLE OUT THE HATCH 105
text: as she falls several yards into the water making a big
text: splash... Picard turns back and starts firing...
scene_heading: 106 INT. HOLO-SHIP - (OPTICAL) 106
text: A brief, intense exchange of shots... creating more gaps
text: in the holo-image... and finally a Son'a officer falls
text: off the roof of a holo-building, unconscious.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Computer, end program and decloak
dialog: the vessel.
text: And as the holo-image DEMATERIALIZES, they're standing on
text: a holodeck.
scene_heading: 107 EXT. HOLO-SHIP - (OPTICAL) 107
text: DECLOAKING... Anij splaying her arms to keep afloat in
text: the water... Picard and Data stick their heads out of the
dialog: hatch...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: I can't swim!
text: Data and Picard promptly jump in after her...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (reaching for her)
dialog: Don't panic...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: (with some humor)
dialog: I've been shot at... thrown into
text: the lake out of an invisible ship
dialog: that's come to abduct us all...
dialog: what's there to panic about?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: In the event of a water landing,
dialog: I have been designed to serve as
text: a floatation device.
text: He twists his neck a certain way and we hear a slight
text: technical re-alignment and suddenly he floats...she
text: hangs on as Picard swims over to retrieve the rowboat...
scene_heading: 108 INT. TRANSPORTER ROOM - (OPTICAL) 108
text: Data and Picard MATERIALIZE... Worf, sporting a large
text: red mark on his nose, observes. Picard is still wet and
dialog: angry... on the move...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Did any of the hostages mention a
dialog: cloaked ship during their
dialog: debriefings?
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: No, sir...
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: Debrief them again.
dialog: (noticing)
dialog: Have you been in a fight,
dialog: Commander?
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: (humiliated)
dialog: No, sir. It is a gorch.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Gorch?
text: Data leans in and whispers the translation into Picard's
dialog: ear... Picard is embarrassed he brought it up...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Oh... well, it's hardly...
dialog: noticeable...
dialog: 
text: Off Data's deadpan look at Picard, as they exit...
scene_heading: 109 INT. CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS 109
text: Riker with his clean shaven face moving to meet them...
text: Picard and Data react... Riker smiles...
speaker_heading: RIKER
text: Smooth as an android's bottom,
dialog: eh, Data?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: I... beg your pardon, sir?
text: For the rest of the sequence, Data observes Riker's chin.
text: Moving to the turbolift...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Admiral Dougherty wants to know
dialog: why we haven't left yet...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: We're not going anywhere.
text: Worf and Riker exchange a glance as they enter...
scene_heading: 110 INT. TURBOLIFT - CONTINUOUS 110
speaker_heading: PICARD (CONT'D)
dialog: Deck five.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (re: the gorge)
dialog: You Klingons never do anything
dialog: small, do you...
text: The doors close. Ignoring Riker --
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Doctor Crusher asked to talk to
dialog: you when you returned...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Picard to Crusher...
scene_heading: 111 INT. SICKBAY 111
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: Captain, the Son'a hostages
dialog: declined to be examined.
dialog: I had them confined to quarters.
speaker_heading: PICARD'S COM VOICE
dialog: And our people?
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: They all have slightly elevated
dialog: levels of endorphin production...
dialog: probably the result of the
dialog: environmental anomalies here...
speaker_heading: PICARD'S COM VOICE
dialog: Are they in any danger?
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: Not at all. They're fine... in
dialog: fact, they're better than fine.
dialog: Increased metabolism, high
dialog: energy, improved muscle tone. We
dialog: should all be so lucky.
speaker_heading: PICARD'S COM VOICE
dialog: Very good, Doctor. Picard out.
scene_heading: 112 INT. CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS 112
text: coming out of the turbolift toward Picard's quarters...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: The Son'a officers are not to be
dialog: released until I've met with
dialog: Ahdar Ru'afo.
text: He enters his quarters. Data finally submits to his
text: curiosity and runs a finger along Riker's chin...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: No, sir. It is not.
dialog: (off Riker's look)
text: As smooth as an android's bottom.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 113 INT. PICARD'S QUARTERS 113
text: As he enters...
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: Computer, music.
text: Picard's favorite chamber music comes on...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: No. Not that. Something else.
dialog: Something... Latin.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE
dialog: Please specify.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: A mambo.
dialog: (as the music comes
dialog: on, his tension
dialog: easing)
dialog: That's more like it...
text: Picard moves to...
scene_heading: 114 INT. BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS 114
text: He takes off his jacket and shirt... and begins to towel
text: himself dry... as he glances in the mirror... his towel
text: patting his face, slows to a stop as he stares at himself
dialog: in the mirror...
dialog: 
scene_heading: 115 CLOSE - THE HAIR AROUND HIS EAR 115
text: is changing color, no longer all white, it is now
text: predominantly chestnut brown.
speaker_heading: 116 PICARD 116
text: looks, his mind adding up all the strange little things
dialog: that have been happening on the ship...
scene_heading: 117 EXT. ANIJ'S HOME - NIGHT 117
text: Picard knocks on a door... it is opened by Anij...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
scene_heading: 118 INT. ANIJ'S HOME - NIGHT 118
text: Austere but inviting with a warm fire... Sojef, Tournel
text: and Artim have joined them... Artim spoons hot cider from
text: a kettle into cups, serves it to the adults as the scene
dialog: continues...
speaker_heading: SOJEF
dialog: We came here from a solar system
text: on the verge of self-
dialog: annihilation... where technology
dialog: had created weapons that
dialog: threatened to destroy all life.
text: A small group of us set off to
dialog: find a new home... a home that
dialog: would be isolated from the
dialog: threats of other worlds.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That was three hundred and nine
dialog: years ago.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (reacts)
dialog: You've not aged a day since then?
speaker_heading: SOJEF
dialog: Actually, I was a good deal older
dialog: when we arrived... in terms of my
dialog: physical condition.
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: There's an unusual metaphasic
dialog: radiation coming from the
dialog: planet's rings. It continuously
dialog: regenerates the cells in our
dialog: bodies. You must have noticed
dialog: the effects by now.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: We've... just begun to.
dialog: (to Artim)
dialog: I suppose you're seventy-five.
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: No. I'm twelve.
speaker_heading: TOURNEL
dialog: The metaphasic radiation won't
dialog: begin to affect him until he
dialog: reaches maturity...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: To many offlanders, what you have
dialog: here would be more valuable than
text: gold-pressed latinum.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And I'm afraid it's the reason
dialog: that someone is trying to take
dialog: this world away from you.
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: The artificial lifeform was
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: If not for Data, you'd probably
dialog: have been re-located by now.
speaker_heading: TOURNEL
dialog: How can we possibly defend
dialog: ourselves?
speaker_heading: SOJEF
dialog: The moment we pick up a weapon,
dialog: we become one of them... we lose
dialog: everything we are...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: It may not come to that.
text: They turn to him...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Clearly, the architects of this
dialog: conspiracy have tried to keep it
dialog: a secret. Not just from you, but
dialog: from my people as well.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't intend to let them.
scene_heading: 119 EXT. VILLAGE - PREDAWN 119
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: We've always known that to
dialog: survive, we had to remain apart.
dialog: It hasn't been easy. Many of the
dialog: young people here want to know
dialog: more about the offland... they're
dialog: attracted to stories of a faster
dialog: pace of life...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Most of my people who live that
dialog: faster pace would sell their
dialog: souls to slow it down.
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: But not you.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: There are days.
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: (beat, studying him)
dialog: You don't live up to your
dialog: reputation as an offlander,
dialog: Picard.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (self-effacing)
dialog: In defense of offlanders, there
dialog: are many more like me...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: ... who wouldn't be tempted by the
dialog: promise of perpetual youth? I
dialog: don't think so.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: You give me more credit than I
dialog: deserve. Of course, I'm tempted.
dialog: Who wouldn't be?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But some of the blackest marks in
dialog: the history of my world have
dialog: involved the forced relocation of
text: a small group of people to
dialog: satisfy the demands of a larger
dialog: one. I'd like to believe we
dialog: learn from our mistakes.
dialog: Obviously, some of us haven't.
speaker_heading: 120 NEW ANGLE - (OPTICAL) 120
text: Picard pausing to look in a corner window... beautifully
text: hand-crafted quilts are displayed...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: The craftsmanship is
dialog: extraordinary.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: This is a school... that's a
dialog: student's work.
dialog: (off his reaction)
dialog: She'll be ready to become an
dialog: apprentice soon. Then, in thirty
dialog: or forty years, she'll take her
dialog: place among the artisans...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: An apprentice for thirty years.
dialog: (they continue
dialog: walking)
dialog: We've noticed your people's
dialog: mental discipline. Did that
dialog: develop here?
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: More questions. Always the
dialog: explorer. If you stay long
dialog: enough, that'll change.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Will it?
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: You'll stop reviewing what
dialog: happened yesterday... stop
dialog: planning for tomorrow... until
dialog: you find...
dialog: (interrupting herself)
dialog: Let me ask you a question -- have
dialog: you ever experienced a perfect
dialog: moment in time?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: A perfect moment?
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: When time seemed to stop... and
dialog: you could almost live in that
dialog: moment...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Seeing my home planet from space
dialog: for the first time...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: Yes. Exactly. Nothing more
dialog: complicated than perception.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You explore the universe. We've
dialog: discovered a single moment in
dialog: time can be a universe in
dialog: itself... full of powerful
dialog: forces... most people aren't
dialog: aware enough of the now... to
dialog: ever notice them...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I wish I could spare a few
dialog: centuries to learn.
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: It took us centuries to learn
dialog: that it doesn't have to take
dialog: centuries to learn.
text: They reach a doorway to her home...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: There's one thing I don't
dialog: understand.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: In three hundred years...you
dialog: never learned to swim?
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I just... haven't gotten around
dialog: to it yet.
text: She steps forward to enter, pauses...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: I wonder if you're aware of the
dialog: trust you endanger, Jean-Luc
dialog: Picard. In my experience, it's
dialog: unusual for...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: ... an offlander?
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: (beat, smiles)
dialog: For someone so young.
text: Picard smiles, aware of a sexual tension... for the
text: second time in his visit, a humming bird flitters by,
text: briefly examining a street lamp and then away. She moves
text: inside, glances back and smiles. Then she's gone.
text: Picard turns and looks at the horizon where the sun will
text: come up soon... reacts as he sees --
scene_heading: 121 THE SILHOUETTE OF GEORDI LA FORGE - (OPTICAL) 121
text: standing there, looking out at the horizon...
speaker_heading: 122 CLOSER 122
text: as Picard moves over...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Geordi...?
text: Geordi turns and Picard reacts as he sees Geordi's
text: eyes... without the implants... Geordi smiles...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: Funniest thing, Captain. There
dialog: wasn't anything wrong with my
dialog: implants. There was something
dialog: right with my eyes. When Doctor
dialog: Crusher removed the ocular
dialog: connections, she found the cells
dialog: around my optic nerves...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: ... had regenerated.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: It may not last after we leave.
dialog: If not, I just wanted, before we
dialog: go...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I've never actually seen a
dialog: sunrise.
text: Picard considers him a long beat... and they turn to see --
speaker_heading: 123 THE SUN - (OPTICAL) 123
text: cracking the horizon turning the lake red...
scene_heading: 124 PICARD AND GEORDI 124
text: bathed in the sunlight... Picard's face looking younger,
dialog: contented in the new sun...
scene_heading: 125 THE SUNRISE - VARIOUS SHOTS 125
text: ... the silhouette of an eagle-like bird coasting a foot
text: above the water... the morning breeze brushing the red-
text: tinged field of tall grass.
speaker_heading: 126 GEORDI 126
text: A tear rolls down his cheek...
speaker_heading: 127 WIDE - (OPTICAL) 127
text: as the sunlight cascades over the village and hills and
dialog: if we weren't sure this place was magic before, we
dialog: certainly know it now.
scene_heading: 128 EXT. SPACE - THE FOUR SON'A SHIPS - (OPTICAL) 128
text: dwarf the Enterprise as they move into orbit...
dialog: 
scene_heading: 129 INT. READY ROOM (OPTICAL) 129
text: Dougherty and Ru'afo enter... Ru'afo is furious --
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Am I to understand you're
dialog: not releasing my men, Captain?
text: Picard at his desk working, looks up, makes strong eye
dialog: contact with his guests...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I found the holoship.
text: That stops Ru'afo. He looks at Dougherty who realizes
dialog: some damage control will be necessary...
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: Ru'afo, why don't you let the
dialog: Captain and I...
text: Ru'afo's face is so tight it seems it's going to break...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: No!
text: ... and it does -- a crack opens up from his forehead to
text: his chin and blood dribbles out of it...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO (CONT'D)
dialog: This entire mission has been one
text: Federation blunder after another.
dialog: You will return my men or this
dialog: alliance will end with the
dialog: destruction of your ship.
text: He exits. Dougherty measures Picard for a beat...
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: You're looking well, Jean-Luc.
dialog: Rested.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Your "Briar Patch" turned out to
dialog: be more hospitable than I
dialog: expected.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: (nods)
dialog: That's why we put chromodynamic
dialog: shields in place - so our people
dialog: wouldn't feel the effects from
dialog: the metaphasic radiation...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: ... or understand that they were
dialog: participating in the outright
dialog: theft of a world.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I won't let you move them,
dialog: Admiral. I'll go to the
dialog: Federation Council...
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: I'm acting on orders form the
dialog: Federation Council.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (reacts, beat)
dialog: How can there be an order to
dialog: abandon the Prime Directive...?
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: The Prime Directive doesn't
dialog: apply. These people are not
dialog: indigenous to this world. They
dialog: were never meant to be immortal.
dialog: We'll simply be restoring their
dialog: natural evolution.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Who are we to decide the next
dialog: course of evolution for these
dialog: people?
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: There are six hundred people down
dialog: there. We'll be able to use the
dialog: regenerative properties of this
dialog: radiation to help billions.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The Son'a have developed a
dialog: procedure to collect the
dialog: metaphasic particles form the
dialog: planets rings...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: A planet in Federation space...
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: Right. We have the planet and
dialog: they have the technology -- a
dialog: technology we can't duplicate.
dialog: You know what that makes us?
dialog: Their partners.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Our partners are nothing more
dialog: than petty thugs.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: (dismissing that)
dialog: On Earth, petroleum once turned
dialog: petty thugs into world leaders.
text: Warp drive transformed a bunch of
dialog: Romulan thugs into an empire. We
dialog: can handle the Son'a, I'm not
dialog: worried about that...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Someone probably said the same
dialog: thing about the Romulans a
dialog: century ago.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: With metaphasics, lifespans will
dialog: be doubled... an entire new
dialog: medical science will evolve...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I understand your Chief Engineer
dialog: has the use of his eyes for the
dialog: first time in his life... would
dialog: you take his sight away from him?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: There are metaphasic particles
dialog: all over The Briar Patch. Why
dialog: must this planet be...
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: (interrupting)
text: The concentration in the rings is
dialog: what makes the whole damned thing
dialog: work. Don't ask me to explain
dialog: it. I only know they inject
text: something into the rings that
text: starts a thermolytic reaction.
dialog: After it's over, the planet will
dialog: be unlivable for generations.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Delay the procedure. Let my
text: people look at the technology.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: Our best scientific minds already
dialog: have. We can't find any other
dialog: way to do this.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Then the Son'a can establish a
dialog: separate colony on this planet
dialog: until we do...
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: It would take ten years of normal
dialog: exposure to begin to reverse
dialog: their condition. Some of them
dialog: won't survive that long.
dialog: Besides, they don't want to live
text: in the middle of The Briar
dialog: Patch... who would?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: The Ba'ku.
text: Picard and Dougherty look at each other a long beat.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: We are betraying the principles
dialog: upon which the Federation was
dialog: founded... this is an attack on
dialog: the very soul of the Federation.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This will destroy the Ba'ku.
dialog: Just as cultures have been
dialog: destroyed in every other forced
dialog: relocation throughout history.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: We are only moving six hundred
dialog: people, Jean-Luc.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How many people would it take...
dialog: before it becomes wrong? A
dialog: thousand? Fifty thousand. A
dialog: million?
text: Dougherty has taken this as far as he intends to.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: I'm ordering you to the Goren
dialog: system. File whatever protests
dialog: you wish to. By the time you do,
dialog: this will be all done.
dialog: (moves to exit)
dialog: I'm also ordering the release of
dialog: the Son'a officers.
text: He's out. Picard sits at his desk for a long beat...
scene_heading: 130 INT. BRIDGE 130
text: Worf at Conn, Data at Ops, Riker at command... they look
text: up at Picard as he comes out of the Ready Room.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Prepare the ship for departure at
dialog: oh-seven-hundred hours.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Aye, sir.
text: Data exchanges a curious glance with Riker as Picard
text: crosses to the turbolift. Before he gets in, he turns
text: and looks at his bridge, imprinting it on his mind.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 131 INT. PICARD'S QUARTERS 131
text: as he enters, stands in the middle of the room a long
text: beat, his table still cluttered with charts and PADDS...
scene_heading: 132 ANGLE - CLOSEUP - HIS DRESSER 132
text: One pip is placed on top, a second, third and fourth...
scene_heading: 133 INT. SON'A BODY SCULPTURE CHAMBER - CLOSE ON A TOOTH 133
speaker_heading: (OPTICAL)
text: as it's implanted into a very old man's mouth and now,
text: the old fellow has a mouthful of bright new teeth...
text: Gallatin enters, moving to --
speaker_heading: 134 RU'AFO - (OPTICAL) 134
text: sitting, his head locked in position by an apparatus... a
text: female attendant actually giving him a facelift in front
dialog: of our eyes... the device stretching his face ever
text: tighter, as she snips off skin by one ear with a laser in
text: a bloodless surgery that heals his wound...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Gallatin! So the righteous
dialog: Starfleet Captain finally
dialog: released you. Did you encounter
dialog: any problems on the surface?
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: (acknowledges)
dialog: No, sir. But it wasn't easy...
dialog: being among them...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: I'm sure. Just don't forget what
dialog: they did to us.
dialog: (Gallatin nods)
dialog: We'll have them rounded up in a
dialog: day or two... we needn't bother
text: with the Federation holo-ship
dialog: any more. Just get the holding
dialog: cells ready.
text: Gallatin acknowledges, leaves. To the attendant -
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: I'm going to miss these little
dialog: flesh-stretching sessions of
dialog: ours, my dear.
text: As she pulls up his other ear...
scene_heading: 135 INT. YACHT COCKPIT - (OPTICAL) 135
text: Picard, out of uniform, works a transporter and cases of
text: military supplies MATERIALIZE on a loading platform that
text: will lower into the cargo hold of the yacht... he studies
dialog: a translucent geological scan of the surface that we will
dialog: hear more about later...
speaker_heading: DATA (O.C.)
dialog: Re-routing the transport grid to
dialog: avoid detection was wise, sir,
dialog: but the transporter is rarely
dialog: used after oh-two-hundred hours.
text: Picard turns to see Data, Troi, Crusher, La Forge, Worf
text: and Riker have entered the hatch. All but Riker and
text: Geordi are out of uniform.
speaker_heading: TROI
text: Taking the Captain's yacht out
dialog: for a spin?
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: (examining the cargo)
dialog: Seven metric tons of ultritium
dialog: explosives, eight tetryon pulse
dialog: launchers, ten isomagnetic
dialog: disintegrators...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: You must be planning on doing
dialog: some hunting.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Go back to your quarters
dialog: (no one moves)
dialog: That's an order.
text: No one moves.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: No uniform? No orders.
text: Geordi, with his normal eyes, moves forward...
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: How could I look at another
dialog: sunrise, knowing what my sight
dialog: cost these people, Captain?
text: Picard looks at them with appreciation.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: I feel obliged to point out that
dialog: the environmental anomalies may
dialog: be stimulating certain rebellious
dialog: instincts common to youth that
dialog: could affect everyone's judgment.
dialog: Except mine, of course.
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: Okay, Data, what do you think we
dialog: should do?
text: Data looks to everyone, considering a beat... picks up a
text: phaser rifle... activates it...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Saddle up. Lock and load.
text: The family united looks to their Captain for
text: instructions. Picard looks to them with deep affection.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: They won't begin the procedure
text: while the planet is inhabited.
dialog: So, our job is to keep the planet
dialog: inhabited.
text: He looks at Riker and La Forge, knowing that his first
text: officer and chief engineer must stay with the ship.
speaker_heading: PICARD (CONT'D)
dialog: Go back and put a face on what's
dialog: happening here. Make the Council
dialog: see the Ba'ku. It's too easy to
dialog: turn a blind eye to the suffering
text: of an unfamiliar people.
text: Riker and La Forge acknowledge. Picard takes an extra
text: moment to look, perhaps for the last time, into the eyes
dialog: of his first officer with affection...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: There's a short letter I left you
dialog: all, just some... sentimental
dialog: nonsense... the computer will
dialog: bring it to your attention at oh-
dialog: four-hundred... I'd just as soon
dialog: you delete it...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Fat chance. I'll post it on
dialog: every monitor on the ship...
text: Picard grins with nice embarrassment, then with a serious
dialog: look to Riker --
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: We'll hold out as long as we can.
text: Riker understands they're counting on him. Picard hits a
text: panel and the weapons sink into the yacht...
text: as the non-uniformed officers move to take their posts,
text: Riker takes Troi in his arms, kisses her good-bye. The
text: others react in surprise.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Apparently the environmental
dialog: anomalies are also stimulating...
dialog: 
text: Worf shuts him up with a hard look... Data gets the
text: message, sits in a cockpit chair and quietly begins to
dialog: work...
scene_heading: 136 EXT. SPACE - THE YACHT - (OPTICAL) 136
text: falls away from the belly of the mother ship...
text: and after a beat, the thrusters ignite and off they go...
scene_heading: 137 INT. SON'A SHIP TACTICAL ROOM - (OPTICAL) 137
text: Ru'afo watches a realistic simulation of a space
text: procedure on a monitor... a small but sophisticated
text: injector assembly sailing into the planet's rings begins
text: to fire charges that start a thermolytic reaction (we see
text: only the early stages here)... Gallatin enters with a
dialog: PADD...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: The injector performs perfectly
dialog: in every simulation...
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: Sir, as the Enterprise left
dialog: orbit, one of their support craft
text: went down to the surface.
dialog: (Ru'afo reacts, takes
speaker_heading: the PADD)
dialog: It appeared to be the Captain's
text: Yacht. Five persons on board.
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: We're not waiting until
dialog: morning... take the shuttles and
dialog: get everyone off the surface
dialog: tonight.
text: Gallatin starts to leave... pauses as --
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Gallatin, if Picard or any of his
dialog: people interfere... eliminate
dialog: them.
scene_heading: 138 EXT. VILLAGE - NIGHT - (OPTICAL) 138
text: On a door opening... as we hear a bell ringing... the
text: face of Artim fills the screen... his eyes scared... and
text: as we reveal his point of view of the village, it's a
text: stunning sight -- Tournel pulling on the warning bell in
text: the square... hundreds of people moving with urgency...
text: supplies are being packed onto the backs of llamas...
text: Worf, Data and Troi are unpacking the cases of military
dialog: supplies that have already been loaded from the
text: (unseen) yacht... Picard is going over charts with Anij
dialog: and Sojef near-by...
speaker_heading: VARIOUS BA'KU
dialog: (ad lib)
dialog: What is it? What's going on?
dialog: What's happened? Is something
dialog: wrong?
speaker_heading: TOURNEL
dialog: We're leaving the village...
dialog: take only what you need. Bring
dialog: food... we may not be back for
dialog: days...
text: Artim jumps with a start as a slim, high-tech device on a
text: stake suddenly lights up like a Christmas tree beside
text: him... sees Data who just activated it...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: It is a transport inhibitor. It
dialog: will help prevent Son'a ships
dialog: from beaming anyone off the
dialog: surface...
text: Artim, overwhelmed and still scared of the android, backs
text: away from Data without responding and moves toward his
text: father. Picard is showing Anij and Sojef the translucent
dialog: geo-scans we saw on the yacht...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: ... these are the veins of
dialog: kelbonite running through the
dialog: hills... the more concentrated
dialog: the deposits the more trouble
dialog: they'll have with their
dialog: transporters... our route will
dialog: keep us close to these
dialog: deposits as possible...
text: Artim moves beside his father, holds onto him...
speaker_heading: PICARD (CONT'D)
dialog: When we're forced away by the
dialog: terrain, we'll use transport
dialog: inhibitors to compensate. The
dialog: mountains have the highest
dialog: concentrations. Once we're
dialog: there, transport will be
dialog: virtually impossible...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: There are caves in those
dialog: mountains.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (acknowledges)
dialog: We can hold them off a long
dialog: time... once we get there...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But they will not make it easy to
dialog: get there...
text: Worf and Data move over...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Captain, I've activated transport
dialog: inhibitors around the village...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Good. Let's begin to move these
dialog: people out...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Should I distribute phasers to
dialog: the Ba'ku, sir...?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: No. We'll be responsible for
dialog: that, Mister Worf.
text: They all react to the sound of thrusters flying
text: overhead... they look up to see --
scene_heading: 139 P.O.V. - THE NIGHT SKY - (OPTICAL) 139
text: as Son'a shuttlecraft roar overhead...
scene_heading: 140 INT. SON'A SHUTTLE - NIGHT 140
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #1
text: Transporters are not functioning.
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: (off sensors)
text: They're blocking the beams with
dialog: some kind of inhibitors. We'll
dialog: have to locate and destroy them.
scene_heading: 141 EXT. FIELD - WIDE NIGHT - (OPTICAL) 141
text: The mass of people cross the fields.. the Starfleet
text: officers separated at intervals among them, continuing to
dialog: encourage and assist them forward... progress slows as
text: they converge onto the narrow path leading into the
dialog: hills...
scene_heading: 142 ANGLE NEAR THE VILLAGE - (OPTICAL) 142
dialog: with Sojef and Artim...
speaker_heading: SOJEF
dialog: Don't try to carry too much...
dialog: we've got a long climb ahead of
dialog: us...
text: Suddenly, the ground shakes with booms as the ships
text: overhead fire a series of air to surface missiles
text: parallel to the path ahead... voices raise in fear,
text: parents grab their children, people begin to move more
text: quickly, some drop what they're carrying...
speaker_heading: 143 OMITTED 143
dialog: & &
dialog: 144 144
scene_heading: 145 ANOTHER SON'A SHIP - (OPTICAL) 145
text: fires at the surface... we see the blast knock out...
scene_heading: 146 A TRANSPORT INHIBITOR 146
dialog: that explodes...near-by --
speaker_heading: 147 WORF 147
text: reacts...moves to Picard and Anij guiding people up the
text: narrow path as the explosions continue...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: We've lost an inhibitor! There's
dialog: a gap in the field...
dialog: 
scene_heading: 148 EXT. FIELD - WIDE (OPTICAL) 148
text: As another wave of ships passes over, suddenly, with the
text: moving sounds of ships above, people caught in the
text: unprotected gap are swept away on a path of
text: DEMATERIALIZATION...maybe fifty are just scooped away
text: from the crowd... and now people are really panicking,
text: screaming, cries, pushing forward... some scatter...
speaker_heading: 149 ARTIM - (OPTICAL) 149
text: being pushed, trying to hang onto his father...
text: but as the ships continue to pass over and the
text: DEMATERIALIZATIONS in the same gap continue, suddenly
text: Sojef is beamed away...
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: My father!
text: His voice is lost in the cries of the scared people who
text: surge even harder forward toward the protection of the
text: next inhibitor and now the boy is thrust to the ground.
text: As he falls, the little palm-pet slips out of his
text: pocket... Artim desperately tries to save him from being
text: stepped on, finally snatches him in his hand. But now
text: the crush of people threatens to trample the boy and it's
text: a reminder how scary it can be to be small. Suddenly, an
text: arm reaches down and scoops him up... and as we follow
text: Artim up, we can see it's Data who has rescued him...
text: their eyes connect briefly as Data carries him forward...
text: in the pushing crowd...
scene_heading: 150 ANGLE - PICARD - (OPTICAL) 150
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Stay in the protected areas...
dialog: we'll be safe when we get into
dialog: the hills...
text: The people file ahead up the path...
scene_heading: 151 INT. SON'S TACTICAL ROOM 151
text: Dougherty, Gallatin and Ru'afo study black and white
text: aerial surveillance photographs of the Ba'ku exodus up
text: the foothills. Dougherty is angry and embarrassed...
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: They're following the kelbonite
dialog: deposits... using the
dialog: interference to block our
dialog: transporters...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Recommendations?
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: Take me down. Let me talk to
dialog: Picard.
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Talk... we should send down an
dialog: assault team and take them by
dialog: force.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: That is not an acceptable option.
dialog: If people get hurt, all the
dialog: support we have in the
dialog: Federation...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Federation support, Federation
dialog: procedures, Federation rules...
dialog: look in the mirror, Admiral...
dialog: the Federation is old... in the
dialog: last twenty four months, it's
dialog: been challenged by every major
dialog: power in the quadrant -- the
dialog: Borg, the Cardassians, the
dialog: Dominion... they all smell the
text: scent of death on the Federation.
dialog: That's why you've embraced our
dialog: offer... because it will give
dialog: your dear Federation new life.
dialog: Well, how badly do you want it,
dialog: Admiral? Because there are hard
dialog: choices to be made now. If the
text: Enterprise gets through with news
dialog: about their brave Captain's
dialog: valiant struggle on behalf of the
dialog: defenseless Ba'ku, your
dialog: Federation politicians will
dialog: waver, your Federation opinion
dialog: polls will open a public debate,
dialog: your Federation allies will want
dialog: their say... need I go on?
text: Dougherty takes a deep breath... knows Ru'afo is right.
text: Gallatin hates the idea of a violent assault, gives
dialog: Dougherty the other option he's desperately seeking --
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: There is an alternative to an all-
text: out assault. Isolinear tags
dialog: would allow our transporters to
dialog: lock on to them.
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: We'd have to tag every one of
dialog: them... that would take time...
dialog: and we don't have it. The
dialog: Enterprise is only nineteen hours
dialog: from communications range with
dialog: the Federation...
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: I'll order Riker to turn around.
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Picard's first officer. Do you
dialog: really believe he'll listen?
text: Ru'afo's clearly lost faith in the Admiral's ability to
text: control the situation... Dougherty's jaw tightens...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: My ships are capable of
text: intercepting the Enterprise
text: before it reaches the perimeter.
dialog: I could send them to... escort...
dialog: it back... but Commander Riker
dialog: might not want to come...
text: And we slowly push into Dougherty as he steps across his
dialog: self-imposed moral line...
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: Send your ships.
text: Dougherty tries to digest the knot in his stomach...
scene_heading: 152 EXT. PLANET SURFACE - DAWN (MATTE/OPTICAL) 152
text: Deep into the foothills now... much steeper terrain...
text: feeling the power of the mountains near-by... seeing the
text: path below as hundreds of Ba'ku and dozens of llamas wind
text: their way up... it's almost biblical in scope with Picard
dialog: and Moses leading the way...
scene_heading: 153 ANGLE WITH DATA AND ARTIM - (OPTICAL) 153
dialog: They've been walking silently for some time...Artim
text: struggling inside to reconcile what he's been taught
dialog: about machines and the experience he's had with Data...
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: My father told me I shouldn't
dialog: talk to you.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: I don't.
text: They exchange a glance. Artim sighs, troubled.
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: Not everyone here agrees with
dialog: him. I mean, you know, about
dialog: machines. There was even a
dialog: big fight about it once.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you like being a machine?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (considering)
dialog: I aspire to be more than I am.
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: I know why.
dialog: (off Data's look)
dialog: So people like us won't be afraid
dialog: of you any more.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Perhaps, that is true.
text: The boy is obviously tired from miles of walking
dialog: uphill...
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: Don't you ever get tired?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: My power cells continually re-
dialog: charge themselves.
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: I can't imagine what it would be
dialog: like to be a machine.
dialog: Data studies him... (and it should be noted that his
text: responses are a deliberate attempt to enlighten Artim,
dialog: give the child a new perspective on what it means to be
dialog: an android.)
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Perhaps it would surprise you to
dialog: know that I have often tried to
dialog: imagine what it would be like to
dialog: be a child...
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Really.
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: (with fatigue)
dialog: For one thing, your legs are
dialog: shorter than everyone else's.
speaker_heading: DATA
text: But they are in a constant state
dialog: of growth. Do you find it
dialog: difficult to adapt?
dialog: (off Artim's
dialog: perplexed look)
dialog: A child's specifications are
dialog: never the same from one moment to
dialog: the next. I am surprised that
dialog: you do not... trip over your own
dialog: feet.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: Sometimes I do.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: My legs are eighty-seven-point-
dialog: two centimeters. They were
dialog: eighty-seven-point-two
dialog: centimeters the day I was
dialog: created. They will be eighty-
dialog: seven-point-two centimeters the
dialog: day I go off line. My operation
dialog: depends on specifications that do
dialog: not change.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I... cannot imagine... the
dialog: experience of growing up or even
dialog: tripping over my own feet...
text: Artim is seeing the artificial lifeform in a whole new
dialog: light now, which is exactly what Data intended...
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: But you've never had adults
dialog: telling you what to do all the
dialog: time... or bedtimes... or having
dialog: to eat food you don't like...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: I would gladly accept the
dialog: requirement of a bedtime in
dialog: exchange for knowing what it is
dialog: like to be a child.
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: (considering)
dialog: Do machines ever play?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: I play the violin... and my chess
dialog: routines are quite advanced...
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: No, I mean...
text: He tries to find a way to explain, gets an idea -- pokes
dialog: him with a finger...
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: You're it.
text: And he starts to run away...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: I'm what?
text: Artim frowns, stops...
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: Chase me!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: For what purpose?
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: Because you're it. And if you
dialog: tag me... then I'm it.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: But I can run much faster than
dialog: you... I am capable of exceeding
dialog: forty-seven meters per second...
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: (sighs, walking back)
dialog: Data... haven't you ever just
dialog: played... for fun?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Androids... don't have...fun.
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: Why not...?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No one's ever asked me that
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: If you want to know 'what it's
dialog: like to be a child', you need to
dialog: learn how to play...
dialog: As Data considers...
scene_heading: 154 WITH PICARD AND ANIJ 154
dialog: at point...
text: walking up a part of the trail protected by towering
text: rocks. Worf approaches from the rear... (Note: we may
dialog: notice more physical changes in our people because of the
text: regenerative process. For example, Picard's hair is
text: darker and there actually seems to be a touch more of it
text: growing than before... Worf's hair is more straggly,
dialog: unkempt...)
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (not serious)
dialog: You need a haircut, Commander.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Accelerated hair growth is often
dialog: experienced by Klingons during
dialog: Jak'tahla...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: Jak'tahla?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Roughly translated: puberty...
dialog: although for a Klingon that's not
dialog: doing it justice...
dialog: (to Worf)
dialog: Any severe mood swings, unusual
dialog: aggressive tendencies -- be sure
dialog: to let me know right away...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: The Ba'ku could use some rest,
dialog: sir. According to the geo-scan,
dialog: this may be the safest area for
dialog: the next few kilometers...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Very well. We'll take an hour.
dialog: Break out some rations...
text: Worf acknowledges, signals and the column lumbers to a
dialog: halt... people sit along the trail...
scene_heading: 155 AROUND THE BEND - (OPTICAL/MATTE) 155
text: A spectacular view of the mountains ahead... Picard and
text: Anij move forward through some brush, lay on their
text: stomachs as Picard uses 24th century field glasses to
dialog: examine the path ahead...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: Right beyond that ridge is where
dialog: the caves begin... we can hide
dialog: for days...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: By now the Son'a have scanned the
dialog: area and know that just as well
dialog: as we do.
text: She studies him as he continues to survey the territory
text: they must still cross... on a whim, she reaches out and
text: runs a finger across his bald head... he looks up,
dialog: surprised...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: It's been three hundred years
dialog: since I've seen a bald man.
text: He grins, studies her... they feel the sexual tension...
text: after a beat...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: How is it a woman like you never
dialog: married? And don't tell me you
dialog: "just haven't gotten around to it
dialog: yet"...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: What's the rush?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I should warn you... I've always
dialog: been attracted to older women...
text: She looks seriously at him, takes his hand in hers,
text: guides both hands to touch his cheek.
scene_heading: 156 PICARD'S SUBJECTIVE POV - (OPTICAL) 156
dialog: ... and in that moment, his perception and our view
text: begin to move down her arm... and we enter...
scene_heading: 157 AN ALTERED REALITY - (OPTICAL) 157
dialog: Picard, and we, find ourselves in a heightened state of
text: sensory perception -- time seems to be slowing down to a
text: crawl, sounds are sharper... we hear Picard's heart
text: beating slowly with a booming percussion... he follows her
text: gaze to see yet another humming bird, hears its languid wing
text: motion... swirling dust from the mountain seems like a
text: zipping scarf in a breeze that plays in his ears like a
text: natural flute... his breath becomes more even as he
text: relaxes into this altered state and he feels...
speaker_heading: 158 HER FINGERS 158
text: gently touching the hair at the top of his chest,
text: sensing, even hearing, her fingertips against his flesh.
speaker_heading: 159 HER LIPS 159
text: brush his cheek, his lips... her teeth nip gently on his
text: lower lip, tugging it and then her lips press against his
dialog: for an eternity...
scene_heading: 160 EXT. SPACE - THE ENTERPRISE - (OPTICAL) 160
text: Moving at one-third impulse through The Briar Patch...
scene_heading: 161 INT. BRIDGE 161
text: Riker at Command, Perim at Conn, La Forge at Ops, Nara at
dialog: Tactical, supernumeraries...
speaker_heading: PERIM
dialog: Commander, I'm showing two Son'a
text: ships on an intercept course.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: How long 'til they reach us?
speaker_heading: PERIM
dialog: Eighteen minutes...
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: We're not going to be able to get
dialog: a transmission out of here for at
dialog: least another hour...
speaker_heading: NARA
dialog: They're hailing us.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Tell them our transceiver
dialog: assembly is down, that we can
dialog: send messages but can't receive
dialog: them.
text: Nara sends the message... a beat...
speaker_heading: NARA
dialog: I don't think they believe us.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Why not?
text: Boom... a small explosion well off target... the ship
text: shakes gently...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (off sensors)
text: A photon torpedo.
dialog: (dry)
dialog: Isn't that the universal greeting
dialog: when communications are down?
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: I think it's the universal
dialog: greeting when you don't like
dialog: someone.
text: Another boom shakes them slightly...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Full impulse.
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: The manifold can't handle full
dialog: impulse in the Patch, Commander.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: If we don't outrun them, the
dialog: manifolds are going to be the
dialog: only thing left of this ship.
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I'll be in Engineering.
text: La Forge exits. A supernumerary quickly replaces him.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: All hands. Battle stations!
scene_heading: 162 EXT. TRAIL - DAY 162
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: And have you noticed how your
dialog: boobs have started to firm up?
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: (dry)
dialog: Not that we care about such
dialog: things in this day and age.
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: Uh huh.
text: Data glances at their breasts as he hands them plates...
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: Thank you, Data.
text: We stay with him as he takes the tray to Worf who looks
text: at the plate with disdain...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: I have an odd craving for the
text: blood of a live Kolar beast.
dialog: (off Data's look)
dialog: The environment must be affecting
dialog: me again.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (agreeing)
dialog: And have you noticed how your
dialog: boobs have started to firm up?
dialog: (Worf reacts)
dialog: Not that we care about such
dialog: things in this day and age.
text: Suddenly, the distant sound of approaching thrusters...
scene_heading: 163 ANGLE - FOUR SON'A SHUTTLES (OPTICAL) 163
dialog: 
text: coming over the horizon...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: (hits combadge)
dialog: Take cover!
speaker_heading: 164 PICARD AND ANIJ 164
text: moving back toward the others... look up to see --
scene_heading: 165 SON'A SHUTTLES - (OPTICAL) 165
text: overhead, dropping dozens of...
scene_heading: 166 FLYING DRONES - (OPTICAL) 166
text: the size of footballs with parts rotating, blinking,
dialog: scanning...
scene_heading: 167 EXT. DRONE POV - FLYING ABOVE THE TRAIL - (OPTICAL) 167
text: The Ba'ku scattering as drones fly over them...
speaker_heading: 168 DATA AND ARTIM - (OPTICAL) 168
text: react, Data firing at the drones as Artim crawls behind a
dialog: rock...
scene_heading: 169 PICARD AND WORF - (OPTICAL) 169
text: open fire with phasers destroying two, but the third
text: fires a new kind of weapon hitting --
scene_heading: 170 CLOSE ON A BA'KU WOMAN'S BACK 170
text: as it's tagged with a tiny device fired from the drone...
scene_heading: 171 ANGLE - THE BA'KU WOMAN - (OPTICAL) 171
text: DEMATERIALIZES... a fraction of a beat later, Picard
text: blasts the drone... more people DEMATERIALIZE as the
text: drone attacks continue...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Isolinear tags. Their
text: transporters can lock onto them.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: We have to find shelter...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
text: There's a cavern at the base of
dialog: the next hill...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (signaling to the
dialog: others)
dialog: This way!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 172 VARIOUS - (OPTICAL) 172
speaker_heading: THRU THRU
dialog: 175 175
dialog: on our principles providing covering fire as the Ba'ku
text: move quickly ahead... more drones fly in, firing their
text: tags, more Ba'ku are hit and DEMATERIALIZE... our people
text: fire repeated bursts destroying several of them...
scene_heading: 176 WITH DATA AND ARTIM - (OPTICAL) 176
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: A dangerous variation on your
dialog: game of 'tag', Artim. Hurry
dialog: we most definitely do not want
dialog: to be 'it'...
text: He blasts a drone as they push ahead...
scene_heading: 177 EXT. SPACE - THE ENTERPRISE - (OPTICAL) 177
text: exchanging fire with the two Son'a ships in pursuit, a
text: trail of hot exhaust coming from the Enterprise...
scene_heading: 178 INT. BRIDGE 178
text: Seriously damaged... plasma leaks, smoke...
speaker_heading: NARA
dialog: Shields at sixty percent... !
speaker_heading: LA FORGE'S COM VOICE
dialog: Engineering to Bridge. We're
dialog: burning deuterium down here...
scene_heading: 179 INT. ENGINEERING 179
text: Impulse engines smoking... engineers spray coolant foam
dialog: over them to keep the temperatures from red-lining...
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: We're going to blow ourselves
dialog: up... we won't need any help from
dialog: the Son'a...
scene_heading: 180 INT. BRIDGE INCLUDE VIEWSCREEN - (OPTICAL) 180
text: A huge nebula cluster up ahead...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: What's inside that nebula
dialog: cluster?
speaker_heading: PERIM
text: Cometary debris, pockets of
dialog: unstable metreon gas... we don't
dialog: want to go in there, sir...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Yes, we do.
dialog: (pats her shoulder)
dialog: You're relieved, Ensign. Take
text: over at Ops.
text: He takes the Conn... Perim replaces the officer at Ops...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Time to use "The Briar Patch"
dialog: like B'rer Rabbit did...
scene_heading: 181 EXT. SPACE - THE ENTERPRISE - (OPTICAL) 181
text: making a hard turn and disappearing into the cluster...
scene_heading: 182 EXT. PLANET SURFACE/TRIAL - (OPTICAL) 182
text: The Ba'ku run for their lives toward the mouth of a
text: cavern, steam coming up from the hot mineral waters
dialog: within it...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Into the cavern! Move!
text: And our people continue to blast the swarming drones
dialog: above but there are so many of them... several Ba'ku are
text: tagged and DISAPPEAR...
speaker_heading: 183 WITH WORF 183
text: as his phaser jams and he picks up a thin tree trunk and
text: with Klingon howls, swings it like a bat'leth at the
text: drones... missing one but then connecting with another
text: and a second one knocking them out of the park like Hank
text: Aaron... glancing to Picard...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Definitely feeling aggressive
dialog: tendencies...
scene_heading: 184 ANGLE WITH DATA AND ARTIM - (OPTICAL) 184
text: surrounded by Ba'ku as they move quickly along a very
text: steep trail, Data firing at drones as they go... suddenly
text: just in front of them, a Son'a assault team appears over
text: the ridge... three armed foot soldiers ready to take
text: prisoners... Data lunges, like a running back hitting a
text: defensive line and his power throws them back and they
dialog: fall...
scene_heading: 185 OFF THE CLIFF - (OPTICAL) 185
dialog: the long terrible fall beginning...
speaker_heading: 186 DATA - (OPTICAL) 186
text: thinks fast, snatches a passing drone out of the air and
dialog: aims it at...
scene_heading: 187 THE THREE FALLING SON'A - (OPTICAL) 187
text: and as they're tagged, they DEMATERIALIZE in free-fall.
speaker_heading: 188 DATA 188
text: looks down, satisfied, then crushes the drone with his
text: bare hands and provides more cover fire as the Ba'ku move
dialog: quickly to the cavern...
scene_heading: 189 EXT. NEBULA - THE ENTERPRISE - (OPTICAL) 189
text: Flying through dark matter clouds and stellar debris
text: which light up as Son'a torpedoes explode all around
text: them... suddenly there is a different kind of blast off
text: the Enterprise's stern -- a bright implosion, sucking up
text: everything around it, literally ripping subspace apart as
text: it cascades toward the ship...
scene_heading: 190 INT. BRIDGE 190
dialog: Terribly rough ride...
speaker_heading: NARA
dialog: Sir, they've detonated an
dialog: isolytic burst... a subspace tear
dialog: is forming...
speaker_heading: RIKER
text: On screen.
scene_heading: 191 ANGLE TO INCLUDE VIEWSCREEN - (OPTICAL) 191
text: As Riker sees the tear coming at them...
speaker_heading: PERIM
dialog: I thought subspace weapons were
dialog: banned by the Khitomer Accord...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Remind me to lodge a protest...
speaker_heading: LA FORGE'S COM VOICE
dialog: Commander, our warp core is
text: acting like a magnet to the tear.
scene_heading: 192 INT. ENGINEERING 192
text: Geordi on the move to a new control panel...
speaker_heading: LA FORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: We're pulling it like a zipper
dialog: across space...
speaker_heading: RIKER'S COM VOICE
dialog: Options?
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: Eject the core.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: 193 INT. BRIDGE - (OPTICAL) 193
text: As the viewscreen shows the tear getting closer...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Will that stop the tear?
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: You got me, Commander.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: That's your expert opinion?
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: Detonating the warp core might
dialog: neutralize the cascade... but
dialog: then again it might not.
dialog: Subspace weapons are
dialog: unpredictable. That's why they
dialog: were banned.
speaker_heading: NARA
dialog: The tear is closing on us...
dialog: impact in fifteen seconds...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Eject the core.
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: I just did.
speaker_heading: NARA
dialog: Impact in ten seconds...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Detonate!
scene_heading: 194 INT. ENGINEERING - GEORDI 194
text: presses the panels to detonate and...
scene_heading: 195 EXT. NEBULA - THE SUBSPACE TEAR (OPTICAL) 195
text: rips toward the Enterprise as the ejected warp core
text: explodes. The subspace disruption that follows --
scene_heading: 196 INT. ENGINEERING 196
text: throws everybody down. Consoles explode...
scene_heading: 197 INT. BRIDGE - CONTINUOUS 197
text: Panels are blown off, fires break out, lights fail,
text: people thrown to the ground. As it subsides, Riker
text: crawls back to Conn...
speaker_heading: NARA
dialog: It worked, Commander... the
dialog: tear's been sealed...
scene_heading: 198 INT. ENGINEERING 198
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: There's nothing to stop them from
dialog: doing it again... and we're fresh
dialog: out of warp cores...
scene_heading: 199 INT. BRIDGE 199
speaker_heading: PERIM
dialog: We're still thirty-six minutes
dialog: from transmission range, sir.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (nods, deciding)
dialog: We're through running from these
dialog: bastards.
scene_heading: 200 INT. HYDROTHERMAL CAVERN - DAY 200
text: A large, steamy, wet environment... pools of mineral
text: water drizzle along the floor...
text: the Ba'ku and their llamas slosh through the mud, seeking
dialog: some kind of comfortable place to rest...
scene_heading: 201 ANGLE - TOWARD THE ENTRANCE - (OPTICAL) 201
text: Where a forcefield has been established across the mouth
text: of the cave... the drones try to get in and are blocked;
text: they hover menacingly outside... Data moves to Picard
text: from the interior of the cave...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Data)
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Another forty-three people
dialog: reported taken, sir...
text: Picard frowns, sighs, takes in their new surroundings...
text: suddenly, the caverns are shaken by the sound of overhead
text: explosions... reactions, fearful murmurs, skittish
dialog: llamas...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 202 ON ARTIM 202
text: sitting with other Ba'ku... they look up at the
text: frightening sound... sand drifting dangerously from the
dialog: ceiling...
scene_heading: 203 CLOSE ON ARTIM'S POCKET 203
text: The palm-pet crawls out...
scene_heading: 204 EXT. FOOTHILLS - CONTINUOUS (OPTICAL) 204
text: As the Son'a shuttles fly over firing torpedoes,
text: explosions across the terrain...
scene_heading: 205 INT. HYDROTHERMAL CAVERN 205
text: As Picard et al react to the aerial assault... ground
text: continually shuddering... Picard and Worf exchange a grim
dialog: look...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: They're trying to force us out so
dialog: their drones can tag us...
text: Picard nods, agreeing. As dust falls from the ceiling
text: and the blasts continue to rock them...
text: Data studies his tricorder...
speaker_heading: DATA
text: With all the hydrothermal vents
dialog: in the substrata, the structural
dialog: integrity of this cavern is not
dialog: going to hold for long,
dialog: Captain...
text: Picard glances out at a half-dozen drones hovering
dialog: outside...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Is there any other way out of
dialog: here?
text: Anij shakes her head, grim...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Tracking the water flow may
dialog: reveal another potential exit...
text: As they use tricorders to follow the water flow deeper
dialog: into the cavern...
dialog: 
scene_heading: 206 NEW ANGLE - NARROWER PORTION OF THE CAVE - (OPTICAL) 206
text: as the flow of water disappears under a wall... the air
dialog: assault continues...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (off tricorder)
dialog: I'm showing fresh air (TECH
speaker_heading: BETTER) behind this calcite
dialog: formation, Captain...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Will the structure hold if we
dialog: blast through?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (examines walls with
dialog: tricorder)
dialog: I believe it is safe, sir.
text: Using their phasers, they blast the wall away, crawl
dialog: through the new hole --
scene_heading: 207 EXT. SECOND EXIT - CONTINUOUS (MATTE/OPTICAL) 207
text: as they come out and turn to see several paths up to
text: rocky mountains not far away, distant cave openings in
dialog: view...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Spread out as far as you can...
dialog: get everyone into those caves,
dialog: set up forcefields once you're
dialog: inside...
text: With renewed optimism, they go to gather up the Ba'ku...
scene_heading: 208 EXT. NEBULA - THE ENTERPRISE - (OPTICAL) 208
dialog: coming about...
scene_heading: 209 INT. BRIDGE - ANGLE TO INCLUDE VIEWSCREEN - (OPTICAL) 209
dialog: Riker at Conn as messed up as we've ever seen him, his
text: face a study in determination. The bridge is barely
text: functional. Pockets of colorful gases are visible on the
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Geordi, are those pockets of
dialog: metreon gas...?
scene_heading: 210 INT. ENGINEERING 210
dialog: Off an Okudagram --
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: Aye, sir. Highly volatile...I
dialog: recommend we keep our distance...
speaker_heading: RIKER'S COM VOICE
dialog: Negative. I want to use the
dialog: ramscoop to collect as much of it
dialog: as we can...
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: The purpose being...?
scene_heading: 211 INT. BRIDGE 211
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: The purpose being I intend to
dialog: shove it down the Son'a's throat.
speaker_heading: NARA
dialog: Commander, if one of their
dialog: weapons hits that gas...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: It's our only way out of here,
dialog: Mister Nara.
scene_heading: 212 INT. ENGINEERING 212
text: as Geordi goes to work, nods with admiration...
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: I wouldn't be surprised if
dialog: history remembers this as the
dialog: Riker Maneuver...
speaker_heading: RIKER'S COM VOICE
dialog: If it works you mean.
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: Even if it doesn't, they'll be
dialog: teaching kids as the Academy not
dialog: to do this for years to come.
scene_heading: 213 EXT. NEBULA - CLOSE ON THE RAMSCOOP - (OPTICAL) 213
text: as it begins to sweep up the gases... compressing them
dialog: into a critical mass...
scene_heading: 214 INT. BRIDGE - INCLUDE THE VIEWSCREEN (OPTICAL) 214
speaker_heading: LA FORGE'S COM VOICE
text: Bridge, storage cells are at
dialog: maximum capacity -- five thousand
dialog: cubic meters of metreon gas...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Computer, access manual steering
dialog: column.
text: In an instant, a joystick pops up from the control. He
text: grabs the stick... a computer gamester's dream...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Transfer helm controls to manual.
text: The computer bleeps. As the fog clears, we can see on
dialog: the screen that we're closing fast on the Son'a ships...
speaker_heading: PERIM
dialog: They're powering their forward
text: weapons array.
speaker_heading: RIKER
text: Blow out the ramscoop. Stand by
text: full thrusters.
speaker_heading: LA FORGE'S COM VOICE
dialog: Ramscoop released!
text: Riker hits panels and the ship lurches...
scene_heading: 215 EXT. NEBULA - THE ENTERPRISE - (OPTICAL) 215
text: turning away as the Son'a ships fire and wham, the gases
text: erupt... the Enterprise careens away out of control as
text: the Son'a ships are hit by the explosion's full force.
text: Both catch seriously on fire. After a beat, one explodes
text: into bits... the other one sits there, helplessly on
dialog: fire...
scene_heading: 216 INT. HYDROTHERMAL CAVE - (OPTICAL) 216
text: The aerial assault continues as people file out the new
text: exit... sand drifting dangerously from the ceiling ass the
text: bombs shake the cavern... Data looks at a tricorder...
text: moves to Picard. Just outside the new exit, a series of
text: plasma blasts are fired from a nearby hill...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Up there!
text: He points to a small squadron of Son'a that have spotted
dialog: them...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Data, Troi... keep these people
dialog: moving. Worf, with me...
text: They arm themselves, Worf takes a new bazooka-like
text: weapon, an isomagnetic disintegrator, and they move
dialog: out...
scene_heading: 217 EXT. CAVERN (SECOND EXIT) - (OPTICAL) 217
text: Worf and Picard provide cover as Data and Troi lead more
text: people toward the mountains... Worf fires his
dialog: disintegrator...
scene_heading: 218 THE SON'A ASSAULT TEAM - (OPTICAL) 218
text: is blown back as it connects... one of the wounded falls,
text: sliding a long way down the hill, landing near the
dialog: cave...
speaker_heading: 219 CRUSHER 219
text: scans the unconscious Son'a with a tricorder. Her eyes
text: react as she sees something else on the tricorder... this
text: is impossible, she checks again.
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: Captain...
text: Picard moves over cautiously...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Will he live?
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: Yes. But look at this medscan...
text: He looks at the tricorder, reacts incredulously...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: How could this be possible?
text: She shakes her head, looks back to the cavern entrance
text: where Anij and Tournel are assisting the last Ba'ku out
dialog: of the cave...
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: Maybe we should ask them.
text: Data and Troi return to lead the last group out of the
dialog: cave...
scene_heading: 220 HYDOTHERMAL CAVERN 220
text: Artim is among a dozen of so of the Ba'ku waiting to be
text: taken...he reaches into his pocket for his palm-pet,
text: can't find it... he reacts... he moves into the main
text: cavern away from the others... a beat later, Anij and
dialog: Tournel ready the group...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: Is that everyone?
speaker_heading: BA'KU WOMAN
dialog: (looking for)
dialog: The boy...
dialog: They check the immediate vicinity... no Artim...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: Wait here.
text: She moves toward the main cavern...
speaker_heading: 221 WITH ARTIM 221
text: back in the corner where he found the rifle, finding his
text: pet crawling slowly on the floor...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: Artim! What are you doing?
text: She doesn't bother waiting for an answer... just grabs
text: him and pulls him along with her in a hurry...
dialog: 
scene_heading: 222 AT THE (SECOND) ENTRANCE 222
text: Picard, Worf, Data, Troi and Crusher arrive...
speaker_heading: TOURNEL
dialog: Anij went to find Artim...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ANIJ (O.C.)
dialog: I've got him.
text: At the sound of her voice, Picard moves toward the main
dialog: cavern...
scene_heading: 223 ANGLE - INTO THE CAVERN 223
text: And we see Anij and Artim maybe thirty yards away from
text: Picard... running now... coming this way... suddenly,
text: wham... a rocket hits the mountainside and the ground
text: shudders... and the ceiling starts to collapse... and...
speaker_heading: 224 PICARD'S EYES 224
dialog: connect with...
speaker_heading: 225 ANIJ'S EYES 225
dialog: for an instant...
speaker_heading: 226 WIDE 226
text: Picard reaches out for her... just as the whole thing
text: comes down on both of them... Picard throws Artim out of
text: the cave just in front of the collapse into the arms
dialog: of...
speaker_heading: 227 DATA 227
text: who pulls him safely away from the collapse... The
text: Starfleet officers move back to examine the collapsed
dialog: mouth of the cave...
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: Anij!
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (to Artim)
dialog: Tournel will take you the rest of
dialog: the way...
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: No... I want to stay with you...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: It is safer there. I will join
dialog: you shortly.
text: Artim reluctantly goes and the last people cross the
text: divide with Tournel. Overlapping the above dialogue --
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: (press combadge)
text: Worf to Picard.
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: (off tricorder)
dialog: Two life signs... one extremely
dialog: faint...
speaker_heading: TROI
dialog: (off tricorder)
dialog: There are almost four metric tons
dialog: of rock blocking our way...
text: She aims a phaser at the rocks, but Worf stops her...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: That might cause another cave-in.
text: They have no choice... they start digging furiously...
text: Data picking up rocks that no human could lift... Worf
dialog: refusing to surrender to his own physical limitations...
text: Beverly and Troi do the best they can... Tournel takes
dialog: the last children across the divide...
scene_heading: 228 INT. HYDROTHERMAL CAVERN 228
text: Almost pitch black... finding Picard under rubble, his
text: face cut, dazed, shaking himself back to consciousness...
text: hoarsely cries out for...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Anij...
text: He gropes around for her...
speaker_heading: WORF'S COM VOICE
dialog: Worf to Picard...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Yes... yes, I... can hear you...
speaker_heading: WORF'S COM VOICE
dialog: We're trying to get to you,
dialog: sir...
text: Picard begins to crawl around in the darkness and finally
text: comes to motionless body of Anij...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Anij.
text: She barely opens her eyes... Picard looks to see if he
text: still has his tricorder; he does... he trains it on
dialog: her... the reading are not good...
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: Help is coming.
text: She looks at him and tries to smile, but it's too much...
text: and her eyes close... and the tricorder tells Picard
text: she's on the edge of death...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Worf, you must hurry...
speaker_heading: WORF'S COM VOICE
dialog: We're coming as fast as we can...
dialog: we can't risk using phasers...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I understand. Tell Doctor
text: Crusher to have a hypospray of
dialog: lectrazine ready...
speaker_heading: CRUSHER'S COM VOICE
dialog: How bad is she, Captain...?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm losing her.
speaker_heading: CRUSHER'S COM VOICE
dialog: We're coming.
text: Picard takes Anij's hand and holds it to his own cheek...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Stay with me... don't let go of
dialog: this moment, Anij... help me find
dialog: the power to make you live in
dialog: this moment... just one more
dialog: moment... and then one more after
dialog: that... and one more after that.
text: Her eyes weakly open one last time and look at him...and
text: as their eyes connect... once again...
speaker_heading: 229 HIS POV (OPTICAL) 229
text: as his consciousness moves down her arm and as the bond
dialog: is formed... he experiences --
dialog: 
scene_heading: 230 AN ALTERED REALITY - (OPTICAL) 230
text: with heightened senses again as time seems to slow down,
text: her eyelids thumping slowly louder and louder... and as
text: they hold the moment the cavern seems to light up with
dialog: the metaphysical energy they're emanating... and it's
text: like Picard has thrown her a mystical lifeline to hold
text: onto... his eyes are her eyes as life seeps into them...
text: the moment seems to last forever... she smiles gently and
text: finally sunlight cracks into the cavern as Data and Worf
text: break through... Crusher crawls in and uses the
text: hypospray an Anij's neck... measures her lifesigns with
text: the tricorder, smiles at Picard...
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
text: She's stabilizing.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Is it safe to move her?
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: Safer than leaving her here.
text: Picard kneels and picks her up in his arms... Anij looks
text: weakly at him...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: And you thought it would take
dialog: centuries to learn.
text: He smiles with affection at her... and they all exit...
scene_heading: 231 EXT. HYDROTHERMAL CAVERN (ENTRANCE #2) - DAY 231
text: as Beverly, Worf, Troi, Data and Picard, carrying Anij,
text: come out to cross the divide... and they stop dead in
dialog: their tracks... as they see --
dialog: 
scene_heading: 232 FIVE DRONES HOVERING - (OPTICAL) 232
text: menacingly between them and the safety of the mountain
text: caverns... and as we intercut between the drones and
text: 233 THE FACES OF OUR HEROES 233
dialog: we understand a classic showdown is imminent... an
dialog: O.K. Corral moment... and all this happens very fast: our
text: people stand shoulder to shoulder each a yard apart...
text: Picard gently lowers Anij to the ground... Worf tosses
text: him a spare phaser rifle... as he catches it...
speaker_heading: 234 THE DRONES - (OPTICAL) 234
dialog: open fire...
speaker_heading: 235 VARIOUS - (OPTICAL) 235
speaker_heading: THRU THRU
dialog: 238 238
text: Our people react... move, duck and roll, tags just
text: missing them, as they fire back... only Picard stands
text: motionless on one knee protecting Anij... one, two,
text: three, four drones are destroyed but the fifth fires,
text: tagging Anij... Picard instantly reaches for her tag, but
text: then he feels the sting of...
speaker_heading: 239 CLOSE - A TAG 239
text: on the side of his jacket; he reaches to pull it off but
dialog: it's too late...
scene_heading: 240 PICARD AND ANIJ - (OPTICAL) 240
dialog: 
text: DEMATERIALIZE together...
scene_heading: 241 EXT. SPACE - RU'AFO'S SHIP - (OPTICAL) 241
text: in orbit of the Ba'ku planet...
scene_heading: 242 INT. SON'A BRIG - DOUGHERTY 242
text: escorted by Gallatin, enters a cavernous brig filled with
dialog: Ba'ku, perhaps as many as eighty of them...his eyes
dialog: looking for --
scene_heading: 243 ANGLE - PICARD 243
text: stroking Anij's hair as she lies weakly next to him and
text: Sojef. A beat as he locks eyes with Dougherty.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: Order them to surrender, and I
dialog: promise you won't be court-
dialog: martialed.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: If a court-martial is the only
dialog: way to tell the people of the
dialog: Federation what happened here,
dialog: then I welcome it.
text: Ru'afo enters, controlled rage, hands a PADD to
dialog: Dougherty.
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: The Enterprise has destroyed one
dialog: of my ships. The other is on
text: fire, requesting assistance.
text: A beat. Picard reacts as Dougherty studies the PADD.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Dougherty)
dialog: The Enterprise would only fire if
dialog: it were defending itself. Ru'afo
dialog: must have ordered the attack.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I can't believe he would've given
dialog: that order without your consent,
dialog: Admiral.
text: Dougherty maintains eye contact but has completely lost
dialog: his dignity...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I wonder... which one of us will be
dialog: facing that court-martial...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: (to Ru'afo)
dialog: There's nothing further to be
dialog: gained from this...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: You're right. This is going to
dialog: end now.
dialog: (to Picard)
dialog: The Ba'ku want to stay on the
dialog: planet. Let them. I'm going to
dialog: launch the injector...
text: Gallatin's face reacts to that...Picard sees his sharp
text: displeasure and then for an instant their eyes meet.
text: Gallatin looks away, but Picard registers the
dialog: information.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: You're not going to launch
dialog: anything until...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: In six hours, every living thing
dialog: in this system will be dead or
dialog: dying.
text: He starts to exit...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: You would kill your own people,
dialog: Ru'afo? Your own parents, your
dialog: brothers, sisters...
dialog: (off Dougherty's look)
dialog: Didn't you know, Admiral? The
dialog: Ba'ku and the Son'a are the same
dialog: race.
text: Dougherty, confused, looks to Ru'afo... who doesn't look
text: back... Sojef stands and comes forward... to Ru'afo --
speaker_heading: SOJEF
dialog: Which one were you? Gal'na...
dialog: Ro'tin...Belath'nin... I'm
dialog: sorry, I don't recognize you...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Those names, those children are
dialog: gone forever.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: What is he talking about?
speaker_heading: SOJEF
dialog: A century ago, a group of our
dialog: young people wanted to follow the
dialog: ways of the offlanders. They
dialog: tried to take over the colony...
dialog: and when they failed...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: When we failed, you exiled us.
dialog: To die slowly.
dialog: 
text: Anij gathers the strength to look at him...
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: You're Ro'tin, aren't you...?
text: There's something in the voice.
dialog: (to Gallatin)
dialog: Would you be his friend Gal'na?
dialog: (Gallatin looks away)
dialog: I helped your mother bathe you
dialog: when you were a child. She still
dialog: speaks of you.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Dougherty)
dialog: You've brought the Federation
text: into the middle of a blood feud,
dialog: Admiral. The children have
dialog: returned to expel their elders...
dialog: just as they were once expelled.
dialog: Except Ru'afo's need for revenge
text: has now escalated to parricide.
text: Ru'afo exits. Gallatin looks at Sojef and then follows.
text: Dougherty is a lost man, realizing his tragic errors.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: It was for the Federation. It
dialog: was all for the Federation.
text: Picard offers no sympathy... Dougherty turns and exits...
scene_heading: 244 INT. SON'A BODY SCULPTURE CHAMBER - (OPTICAL) 244
text: Deserted as Ru'afo enters, his face full of tension... he
text: moves to a device that bombards his face with pulsating
text: green energy, trying to relax... Dougherty enters...
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: We're taking this ship out of
dialog: here... this mission is over...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
text: It is not over.
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
text: It is over.
text: Ru'afo moves away from the device and grabs Dougherty
text: roughly... moving him across the room...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: I do not take orders from you.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DOUGHERTY
dialog: If you begin the procedure while
dialog: the planet is still populated,
dialog: the Federation will pursue you
dialog: until...
text: Ru'afo, more powerful than Dougherty, throws him down
text: into one of the treatment chairs...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: The Federation...
text: He locks Dougherty's head into the device... switches
text: several panels... the device lights up ominously...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO (CONT'D)
dialog: ... will never know what happened
dialog: here.
text: He hits a switch and begins to raise Dougherty's ears in
dialog: the facelift procedure we saw before... Dougherty
text: struggles but Ru'afo holds him down... as the Admiral's
text: twists and morphs into a grotesque facelift that
text: finally strangles him to death.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 245 INT. SON'A BRIDGE 245
text: Ru'afo enters...Gallatin and officers on duty...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Admiral Dougherty will not be
dialog: joining us for diner. Deploy
dialog: the collector.
dialog: (Gallatin hesitates)
dialog: Do you have a problem with those
dialog: orders?
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: May I talk to you alone?
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: (to another officer)
dialog: Deploy the collector.
text: The officer complies.
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: Moving them is one thing.
dialog: Killing them all...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: No one hated them more than you,
dialog: Gal'na.
dialog: (beat, intimately)
dialog: We've come a long way together.
dialog: This is the moment we've planned
dialog: for so many years...
text: Gallatin looks at his friend, his commander... Ru'afo
text: pats him encouragingly on the shoulder...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Separate the Starfleet personnel
dialog: and secure them in the aft cargo
dialog: hold... see that Picard joins
dialog: them...
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: The shields in that section won't
dialog: protect them against the
dialog: thermolytic reaction...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Thank-you for reminding me.
text: He sits in his command seat and watches his viewscreen...
scene_heading: 246 ANGLE INCLUDE SCREEN - THE SON'A SCIENCE VESSEL - 246
speaker_heading: (OPTICAL)
text: as huge hatches open and the particle collector that will
text: capture the metaphasic radiation from the rings slowly
text: extends out in both directions. After a beat, Gallatin
text: exits... push in to Ru'afo...
scene_heading: 247 INT. COLLECTOR - (OPTICAL) 247
text: an Astrodome-sized chamber full of weird crisscrossing
text: patterns of pipes, conduits, cables, and rails -- all of
text: them stretching slowing outward as the collector expands.
scene_heading: 248 EXT. SPACE - BRILLIANT SOLAR SAILS 248
text: begin to unfurl majestically in front of the planet's
dialog: rings... and now we recognize it as the remarkable device
dialog: we saw earlier in Ru'afo's simulation.
scene_heading: 249 INT. SON'A BRIG - (OPTICAL) 249
text: Picard has climbed the rear wall with help from two
text: Ba'ku, examines the forcefield generators in the ceiling.
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: (a warning)
dialog: Jean-Luc...
text: Gallatin arrives... armed with a hand weapon. Aiming it
text: at Picard, he turns off the forcefield...
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: Come with me.
text: Picard measures him for a moment then comes out, smiles
text: 'don't worry' to Anij... Gallatin restores the field and
text: motions for Picard to exit...
dialog: 
scene_heading: 250 INT. SON'A CORRIDOR 250
text: walking to a turbolift... unusually cordial considering
dialog: the circumstances --
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: It must have been very strange
dialog: for you.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: When you were a hostage. Being
dialog: among the friends and families
dialog: you knew so many years ago. All
dialog: of them looking exactly as they
dialog: did. Almost like... looking
dialog: through the eyes of childhood
dialog: again.
text: Gallatin presses a panel at the lift... Picard fixes his
text: eyes on him, evenly --
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: And here you are trying to close
dialog: those eyes again... to pretend
dialog: you can't see what the bitterness
dialog: has done to your people... what
dialog: it's done to Ru'afo... and to
dialog: you
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It's turned you... into a coward.
dialog: (off his reaction)
text: A man who ignores his conscience.
text: The turbolift arrives...
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: Get in.
text: Picard enters...
scene_heading: 251 INT. TURBOLIFT - CONTINUOUS 251
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: A coward... without the moral
dialog: courage to stop an unspeakable
dialog: atrocity. You offend me.
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Is this how a Federation officer
dialog: begs for his life?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I'm not begging for my life. I'm
dialog: begging for yours.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There is still a way home,
dialog: Gal'na.
text: Gallatin looks at Picard a long, miserable beat, then...
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
text: Computer, close turbolift doors.
text: The doors close. Gallatin lowers his weapon.
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: What you're asking me to do... is
dialog: impossible... the crew is loyal
dialog: to Ru'afo...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Do you know how to disable the
dialog: injector?
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: (nods)
dialog: But I would need at least three
text: minutes on the bridge.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: If we could lure him away from
dialog: the bridge...
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: (shaking his head)
text: It doesn't matter where he is.
text: As soon as he realizes something
dialog: is happening, he'll override my
text: commands with one word at his com-
dialog: link...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (beat, an idea)
dialog: What if he doesn't realize
dialog: something's happening...
dialog: (Gallatin reacts,
dialog: confused)
dialog: Can you get me to a transmitter?
dialog: I have to speak with Worf and
dialog: Data on the surface... we'll need
dialog: their help...
text: As Gallatin acknowledges, still uncertain what Picard's
dialog: up to...
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: Deck twelve.
scene_heading: 252 EXT. SPACE - THE COLLECTOR - (OPTICAL) 252
dialog: 
text: sails fully extended now...
scene_heading: 253 INT. SON'A BRIDGE - (OPTICAL) 253
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
text: Initiate launch sequence.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #2
text: Activating injector assembly.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #3
dialog: Launch in (TECH) minutes.
text: Establish a digital display near Ru'afo's command post
text: that shows (time TECH) counting down. Ru'afo is calm,
text: determined. Suddenly a tiny boom. Reactions.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #3
text: A small craft is coming up from
text: the surface. It's firing tachyon
dialog: bursts at us...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
text: On screen.
text: On the screen, the Captain's yacht approaches, firing...
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #3
dialog: One person aboard. It's the
dialog: android.
text: Ru'afo dismisses the puny attack...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: He's no threat.
scene_heading: 254 EXT. SPACE - THE YACHT - (OPTICAL) 254
text: firing at the Son'a ship... the solar collector
text: continuing to power up in the background...
scene_heading: 255 INT. YACHT COCKPIT 255
text: Data is alone... presses the companel...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Data to Picard...
speaker_heading: PICARD'S COM VOICE
dialog: Yes, Data...
scene_heading: 256 INT. SON'A SHIP ELECTRICAL CONDUIT - PICARD 256
text: crawling through the narrow passage behind Gallatin...
speaker_heading: DATA'S COM VOICE
dialog: Sir, they're ignoring my attack.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: Keep firing tachyon bursts into
dialog: their shield grid. Is Worf in
dialog: position...?
scene_heading: 257 INT. YACHT - (OPTICAL) 257
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Yes, sir. He's ready for
dialog: simultaneous transport.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PICARD'S COM VOICE
dialog: We'll be at the bridge in two
dialog: minutes... Picard out...
text: Data moves the ship into an attack posture, diving at the
text: larger vessel seen in the window... firing...
speaker_heading: 258 OMITTED 258
scene_heading: 259 INT. SON'A BRIDGE - (OPTICAL) 259
text: The collector on the viewscreen...
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #3
text: Detonation in three minutes.
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #2
dialog: Sir, the Federation ship is
dialog: creating a disruption in our
dialog: shields... if they go out of
dialog: phase, it will increase our
dialog: exposure to the thermolytic
dialog: reaction...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: (beat, irritated)
dialog: Very well. Destroy that ship and
dialog: reset our shield harmonics... do
dialog: not delay the countdown...
scene_heading: 260 EXT. SPACE - THE YACHT - (OPTICAL) 260
text: is hit by a concentrated burst of fire from the Son'a
text: ship... it goes spinning out of control...
scene_heading: 261 INT. YACHT 261
text: Data tries to control the yacht. He's hit again... his
dialog: whole console is smoking...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (off console)
dialog: Data to Picard. They are
dialog: rotating the shield harmonics. I
dialog: am attempting to return to the
dialog: surface...
scene_heading: 262 INT. SON'A BRIDGE - (OPTICAL) 262
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #3
dialog: The Federation ship has been
dialog: disabled.
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #2
dialog: Launch in thirty seconds.
text: Suddenly, there is an extended optical flash (note: long
text: enough to cover a brief transporter effect). Reactions.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #3
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: (the effect ends)
dialog: Systems don't seem affected...
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #2
dialog: Launch in fifteen seconds.
text: See the digital countdown display at 00:15.
scene_heading: 263 ANGLE TO INCLUDE VIEWSCREEN - (OPTICAL) 263
text: to see the collector with its sails fully extended...
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #2
dialog: Ten seconds.
text: A tiny section of the collector is launched toward the
dialog: rings...
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #2
text: Injector assembly launched.
text: As it enters, it begins to disperse charges that set off
dialog: a chain reaction in the ring system... the very nature of
text: the rings changes before our eyes, and flumes of
text: particulate matter scatter away. The process continues
text: racing along the rings... all of this is seen on the
dialog: viewscreen...
scene_heading: 264 CLOSE ON RU'AFO 264
text: He watches mesmerized, his vengeance finally satisfied.
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Exactly as the simulations
dialog: predicted...
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #2
dialog: Sir, I am not showing any change
dialog: in metaphasic flux levels...
speaker_heading: 265 WIDER - (OPTICAL) 265
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Your scanners must be
text: malfunctioning.
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #2
dialog: (off console, puzzled)
text: All ship functions are off-line.
text: Ru'afo reacts, turns to a station and presses panels...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: How can there be no ship
dialog: functions if the viewscreen is
dialog: working, artificial gravity is
dialog: stable, life support is...
text: But his eyes catch something. He moves across the bridge
text: to a small visual gap where a holo-grid is visible... his
text: eyes react with horror... he reaches out, touches it...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: A holodeck?
text: He takes out a disruptor and fires it at the wall
text: revealing a further portion of the holo-grid in the same
dialog: effect we saw earlier with Picard and Data...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: A holodeck?
text: He fires again and again...revealing more of the grid...
text: his repeated blasting eventually reveals a short flight
text: of stairs... he leads the way up them...
scene_heading: 266 INT. HOLO-SHIP BRIDGE - (OPTICAL) 266
text: Barely more than a cockpit with a large window into space --
text: as they enter, Ru'afo reacts as he sees the rings are
text: normal... his own ship is right there in front of him...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: (stunned, realizing)
dialog: We were transported to the holo-
dialog: ship when we reset our shields.
dialog: Everything we saw... was an
dialog: illusion.
dialog: (hitting his com-link)
dialog: Ru'afo, authorization delta two-
dialog: one... override all interlink
dialog: commands to injector assembly
dialog: one.
text: He stands there, but his com-link responds simply...
speaker_heading: SON'A COMPUTER
text: Unable to comply. Injector
dialog: assembly one has been de-
dialog: activated.
dialog: On his reaction...
scene_heading: 267 INT. SON'A BRIDGE - (OPTICAL) 267
text: where Picard, Worf and Gallatin are firmly in command...
text: see the real countdown display has been frozen at 2:12.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: All injector sub-systems are
text: confirmed off-line.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: Decloak the holo-ship and engage
text: a tractor beam, Mister Worf.
text: As Worf presses panels and the holo-ship DECLOAKS on the
text: viewscreen, Picard presses a companel...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Picard to Data.
scene_heading: 268 INT. YACHT COCKPIT - (OPTICAL) 268
text: as the ship re-enters the planet's atmosphere, shaking
text: badly, heating up... a piece of the roof breaks off...
speaker_heading: PICARD'S COM VOICE
dialog: Your status?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Precarious, sir... I am having
dialog: trouble re-entering the
dialog: atmosphere... I believe I will
dialog: have to transport to the
dialog: surface...
text: Data is heating up and turning red just as the rest of
dialog: the ship is.
speaker_heading: PICARD'S COM VOICE
dialog: Understood. Well done.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Thank-you, sir.
text: He DEMATERIALIZES. A beat later, the yacht disintegrates
text: in the atmosphere.
scene_heading: 269 INT. HOLO-SHIP COCKPIT 269
dialog: Ru'afo is frustrated...
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: This ship is equipped with
dialog: fourteen long range
dialog: transporters... are they all
dialog: useless...?
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #2
dialog: (working the console)
dialog: They must have been locked and
dialog: secured after we were beamed
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: Isolate one and re-route its
dialog: command sequence through the
dialog: auxiliary processor...
speaker_heading: SON'A OFFICER #3
dialog: Sir, there's nothing we can do...
dialog: they already have control of our
dialog: ship.
speaker_heading: RU'AFO
dialog: I don't plan on going back to our
dialog: ship.
scene_heading: 270 EXT. SPACE - BRIAR PATCH - THE ENTERPRISE (OPTICAL) 270
dialog: on it's way back...
scene_heading: 271 INT. ENTERPRISE BRIDGE 271
text: Riker at Command, La Forge at Ops, Perim at Conn, Nara at
text: Tactical. Basic repairs have been done, but the bridge
text: still shows signs of the battle.
speaker_heading: NARA
dialog: Sir, we're within sensor range of
dialog: the Son'a ship. I'm picking up
text: Captain Picard's com-signal on
dialog: board...
dialog: Off Riker's reaction...
scene_heading: 272 INT. SON'A BRIDGE 272
speaker_heading: RIKER'S COM VOICE
dialog: Enterprise to Picard...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (reacts)
dialog: Number one.
speaker_heading: RIKER'S COM VOICE
dialog: We should be at your position in
dialog: seven minutes. Do you need
dialog: assistance...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Negative. Did you succeed?
scene_heading: 273 INT. ENTERPRISE BRIDGE 273
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: The Council has ordered a halt to
dialog: the Ba'ku relocation while they
dialog: conduct a top-level review.
scene_heading: 274 INT. SON'A BRIDGE 274
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Top level review, my ass.
dialog: There'll be no cover-up of this.
dialog: Not after I get...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Captain...
text: He motions to the digital display... counting backwards
text: at 2:05 now... Picard reacts... Gallatin works the
dialog: controls...
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: The countdown control has been
dialog: transferred to the collector...I
dialog: can't override...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Scan for lifesigns.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: One. It's Ru'afo.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Can you beam him off?
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Negative. He's established a
text: security field around the control
dialog: room...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Is there any other way to disable
dialog: the injector?
text: Gallatin thinks, then calls up...
scene_heading: 275 ANGLE (OPTICAL) - COMPUTER DISPLAY SHOWING THE 275
scene_heading: INJECTOR ASSEMBLY
text: isolating the section that we saw launched into the rings
dialog: in the simulation...
speaker_heading: GALLATIN
dialog: We'd have to remove the ignition
text: matrix directly from the injector
dialog: assembly... but in less than two
dialog: minutes, that injector is going
dialog: to be launched into the rings...
speaker_heading: 276 OMITTED 276
speaker_heading: 277 RESUME 277
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Sir, I volunteer to...
dialog: 
text: Picard moves toward a transporter station, starts to
dialog: Remove his jacket...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Denied, Commander. I have no
dialog: intention of informing your bride
dialog: that you're not coming home...
text: The countdown is at 1:41...
scene_heading: 278 INT. COLLECTOR - (OPTICAL) 278
text: The weird cavernous room is left with a skeleton of
text: structured elements now that all the sails are fully
text: unfurled... it almost reminds of the support foe an old-
text: time roller coaster -- a cobweb of crisscrossing pipes,
dialog: and conduits and planks...
speaker_heading: 279 RU'AFO - (OPTICAL) 279
text: in a control area safely removed from the injector,
text: working controls... the digital display moving back from
text: 1:35... he doesn't immediately see --
scene_heading: 280 ANGLE - PICARD - (OPTICAL) 280
text: MATERIALIZING... near the injector. This is not an area
dialog: built for manned operation... so Picard has to make do
dialog: with the structural elements...
text: he's been beamed to a platform a few yards from the
text: injector... and now he has to crawl across what is
text: essentially a plank on his back... under the injector
dialog: assembly...
scene_heading: 281 ANGLE (OPTICAL) - LOOKING DOWN ON PICARD 281
dialog: 
text: moving across the plank... the dark recesses of the vast
text: chamber below him... he slides into the assembly's grill,
dialog: with many open spaces...
scene_heading: 282 ANGLE FAVORING HIS POV - THE IGNITION MATRIX - (OPTICAL) 282
text: where another digital display shows the countdown at
text: 1:19...he takes a Son'a tool out of a pouch on his
text: costume... goes to work, still lying on his back... he
text: inserts the tool and removes the panel cover to expose
text: the interior of the ignition matrix...
speaker_heading: 283 WITH RU'AFO (OPTICAL) 283
text: as an alarm goes off on his console...he reacts...
text: switches off the forcefield and goes out to look up at --
speaker_heading: 284 HIS POV - PICARD (OPTICAL) 284
dialog: working on the injector...
speaker_heading: 285 WIDE - (OPTICAL) 285
text: as Ru'afo climbs toward Picard...
speaker_heading: 286 PICARD 286
dialog: knows he's running out of time now... he works on
text: removing an interior safety screen that shields the
text: components... it finally slips off and falls, clanging as
text: it hits structural elements below... the countdown hits
dialog: 1:09...
speaker_heading: 287 RU'AFO - (OPTICAL) 287
dialog: climbs...
speaker_heading: 288 PICARD - (OPTICAL) 288
text: reaches in to pull out the ignition matrix but a small
text: forcefield blocks his hand... he frowns... examines the
text: security sensors, begins to disconnect them...
speaker_heading: 289 RU'AFO (OPTICAL) 289
text: starts to cross a plank toward Picard... their eyes
dialog: connect...
scene_heading: 290 ON THE INJECTOR'S GRILL - (OPTICAL) 290
dialog: Picard succeeds in defeating the security system... the
text: forcefield fritzes off... the countdown at :47... he
text: reaches for the component but Ru'afo gets there first...
text: lunges at Picard, seconds before he can complete his
text: task. They grapple across the grill and Picard slips
dialog: through one of the openings...
scene_heading: 291 ANGLE EMPHASIZING THE FALL - (OPTICAL) 291
text: ... Picard barely catching himself by grabbing on to the
dialog: grill...
speaker_heading: 292 RU'AFO 292
text: scrambles onto the assembly, reaches Picard and starts
dialog: to uncurl...
scene_heading: 293 PICARD'S FINGERS 293
text: holding onto the grill... trying to force him to let
dialog: go...
speaker_heading: 294 PICARD - (OPTICAL) 294
text: grimaces, looks to see:
scene_heading: 295 THE DIGITAL DISPLAY HITS :20 295
speaker_heading: 296 RESUME - (OPTICAL) 296
text: The ignition matrix engages and the nitrogen flow that
text: follows throws Ru'afo slightly off-balance... Picard
text: knowing it's now or never, releases one hand and grabs
text: Ru'afo by the neck and yanks his head down hard against
text: the grill, stunning him... Picard pulls himself up and
text: moves quickly into the blinding nitrogen toward the
dialog: detonation circuit again...
text: he literally disappears for a brief second... as Ru'afo
text: comes back at him again... the countdown at :10... Ru'afo
text: pulls him away from the controls... :05... Picard leaps
text: for the plank he crawled over on... Ru'afo looks at...
scene_heading: 297 HIS POV - THE DETONATION CIRCUIT 297
dialog: 
dialog: and it's gone!
speaker_heading: 298 RU'AFO 298
text: reacts... looks at...
speaker_heading: 299 PICARD 299
text: on the plank who holds up the circuit for him to see...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Looking for this?
scene_heading: 300 THE DIGITAL DISPLAY - 0:00 300
scene_heading: 301 TWO SHOT: PICARD AND RU'AFO - (OPTICAL) 301
text: perhaps no more than a foot apart... but an instant
text: later, Ru'afo slides away with the injector as it's
text: launched... a protective forcefield zaps into place as it
text: enters space... Picard watches as it moves toward the
dialog: rings...
scene_heading: 302 EXT. COLLECTOR - CONTINUOUS (OPTICAL) 302
text: As we saw in the simulation, the injector continues to
text: move toward the rings...
scene_heading: 303 INT. INJECTOR - ANGLE THROUGH THE FORCEFIELD - (OPTICAL) 303
dialog: to see the rings getting closer and closer... and as we
text: burst into them... the bright colorful metaphasic dust
text: and gases swirling around us like a hurricane...
speaker_heading: 304 RU'AFO - (OPTICAL) 304
text: begins to change... growing younger and younger... face-
text: lift falls into middle-age... then taking on the Ba'ku
text: facial skin pattern as he reaches young adulthood... then
dialog: adolescence... then childhood. White out.
scene_heading: 305 EXT. VILLAGE - DAY 305
dialog: 
text: The Ba'ku returning from the hills... Troi waves from a
text: distance... and we move to see Riker, standing with Worf
text: (back in uniform), waving back...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Have I mentioned the
dialog: unanticipated rewards I've
dialog: discovered in a permanent
dialog: relationship...?
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: 'Permanent'... that sounds like a
dialog: long time, Worf.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: (with irony)
dialog: Life is short, Commander.
text: Worf leaves Riker to think about that... and as we move
text: away with him, he takes us to Gallatin watching the
text: children play tag in the high grass with a personal
dialog: longing.
scene_heading: 306 ANGLE TO SEE PICARD, ANIJ AND SOJEF - (OPTICAL) 306
text: walking slowly observing Gallatin. Anij is almost fully
text: recovered. Picard is back in uniform.
speaker_heading: SOJEF
dialog: I wish there was a way to bring
dialog: them back home.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Ask them.
speaker_heading: SOJEF
dialog: I'm afraid there's too much
dialog: bitterness... on both sides.
text: They pause as they notice Crusher escorting a young Ba'ku
text: woman... returning from the mountains... she tries to
dialog: recognize Gallatin... we're too far away to hear what is
text: said... but the woman embraces Gallatin as a mother
text: embraces a lost son... and Crusher looks over and smiles
text: to Picard... before she leaves the couple alone... Anij
dialog: looks to Picard, realizing --
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: Mother and son. You arranged
dialog: this...?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I thought it might begin the
dialog: healing process.
text: Sojef considers Picard, shakes his hand with a unstated
dialog: but deep appreciation for all that this offlander has
text: done. He moves away to join Gallatin and his mother.
text: Anij looks to Picard with love.
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: What am I going to do without
dialog: you?
text: Picard reacts, slightly surprised that she has
dialog: anticipated that he has to go.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: These are perilous times for the
dialog: Federation. I can't abandon it
dialog: to people who would threaten
dialog: everything I've spent a lifetime
dialog: defending.
speaker_heading: PICARD (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going back to Earth to...
dialog: slow things down... at the
dialog: Federation Council.
text: She nods, she knows...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: But I have three hundred and
dialog: eighteen days of vacation time
dialog: coming. I plan on using them.
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: I'll be here.
text: Worf moves over...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Captain, the Ticonderoga has
text: moved into orbit.
speaker_heading: QUARK'S VOICE
dialog: Worf!
text: They turn to see a Ferengi (QUARK) approaching in a
text: bathing suit with a beach umbrella and two barely dressed
dialog: Dabo girls...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: What are you doing here, Quark?
speaker_heading: QUARK
dialog: The same thing everyone else in
dialog: the quadrant is going to be doing
dialog: here... as soon as I build the
dialog: greatest spa in the galaxy...
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: ... these people don't have any
dialog: religious thing about casinos do
dialog: they...?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: There aren't going to be any spas
dialog: on this planet.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: QUARK
dialog: Do I know you?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (ignoring the
dialog: question)
dialog: This world is about to become a
dialog: Federation protectorate, which
dialog: will end any and all attempts at
dialog: exploitation by people like you.
speaker_heading: QUARK
dialog: Explain to me how five thousand
dialog: time-share units... right there
dialog: along the lake... would be
dialog: 'exploiting' anyone.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Mister Worf, have this
dialog: uninvited... offlander and his
text: quests beamed to the Enterprise.
dialog: We'll deposit them at Deep Space
dialog: Nine.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Must you, sir?
text: Worf takes Quark away by the scruff of his beach shirt...
text: his disappointed babes follow ...trailing away --
speaker_heading: QUARK
dialog: You'll hear from my Nagus.
dialog: They're gone.
speaker_heading: ANIJ
dialog: Do you really think your mighty
dialog: Federation would be interested in
dialog: protecting six hundred people?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: The "mighty" Federation could
dialog: learn a few things from this
dialog: village...
text: He kisses her. The signature humming bird appears,
text: sweeping up in the breeze and hovers briefly in front of
text: them... and as he takes her hand to his cheek...
speaker_heading: 307 THE HUMMING BIRD (OPTICAL) 307
text: slows... its wing movements becoming more fluid and
dialog: gentle... as the moment extends...
scene_heading: 308 ANGLE ON TROI, CRUSHER, WORF, LA FORGE AND RIKER 308
dialog: 
dialog: prepared to transport...
speaker_heading: LA FORGE
dialog: Where's Data?
scene_heading: 309 ANGLE - THE HIGH GRASS 309
dialog: a shot like our opening shot...except the head that
text: peeks through the grass this time is Data's... and as we
text: widen, we see he has taken Artim's earlier advice and is
dialog: playing tag with all the kids...
speaker_heading: CRUSHER
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Data! It's time to go!
text: Data stands up straight as he hears the voice, looks at
dialog: Artim a long beat... and this is a kid's moment,
dialog: underplaying the sentiment the way kids would...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: I have to go home now.
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: Bye.
text: Data nods...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Bye.
text: Artim smiles as Data joins the others...
speaker_heading: ARTIM
dialog: Don't forget -- you've got to
dialog: play a little bit every day.
dialog: Data acknowledges...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Good advice.
text: Riker takes Troi's hand suggesting perhaps a new
text: permanent commitment. Picard moves to join the others,
text: presses his combadge.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: Enterprise... seven to beam up.
dialog: Energize.
text: Picard exchanges a final look with Anij as they
scene_heading: DEMATERIALIZE.
scene_heading: 310 EXT. SPACE - THE ENTERPRISE - (OPTICAL) 310
text: leaves orbit and as it moves into space...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: geovisit();
dialog: 
