dialog: 
scene_heading: STAR TREK: NEMESIS
dialog: by
dialog: John Logan
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL MONTAGE - DAY
text: Life. Glorious in its many forms. The biological pulse
text: finding its way heroically through the cold manipulation of
dialog: science.
text: CREDITS as we see a beautiful montage of futuristic medical
text: technology. Through a microscope we see cells multiplying
text: and gene strands exponentially increasing with the vibrancy
text: of exploding flowers. We see laser splicing and biological
dialog: manipulation on the molecular level.
text: CREDITS continue as we fade to...
scene_heading: INT. ROMULAN SENATE CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Politics... In a cavernous, shadowy chamber. Dark figures
text: lean together and talk seriously. Their hushed, urgent tones
dialog: denote the gravity of their discussion.
text: We can't make out the words but there is no doubt what they
dialog: are talking about.
text: The three year old HUMAN BOY who stands before them. The boy
text: is alone and frightened, lost in the sweeping grandeur of
text: the massive chamber.
text: CREDITS continue as we fade to...
scene_heading: EXT. REMAN HOMEWORLD - NIGHT
dialog: Labor...
text: On a stark, desert planet with monolithic mountains and harsh
text: crags shooting upward. The only light in this dark
text: netherworld comes from the flames that accompany the hellish
dialog: mining operations everywhere around us.
text: The human boy gazes over this desolate vista and then he
text: looks up for a moment... at the stars.
text: Then a tall figure leads him firmly into one of the mines.
text: The boy seems to disappear into this flaming crucible.
text: CREDITS end as we go to...
scene_heading: EXT. ROMULUS - SUNSET
text: The sun is setting on the capital city of the great Romulan
text: Star Empire, The imperial monoliths and martial towers of
text: this bustling city glow red as the sun dips below the
dialog: horizon.
text: We slowly move down toward the most imposing building of the
text: city. The Romulan Senate chamber.
scene_heading: INT. ROMULAN SENATE CHAMBER - SUNSET
text: SENATOR TAL'AURA watches the proceedings with a studied look
text: of bored indifference. She glances to the familiar Romulan
text: crest that dominates one wall of the chamber: a ferocious
text: bird-of-prey holding two planets, one in either claw.
text: And then her eyes carefully cross the chamber to...
text: PRAETOR HIREN -- the head of the Romulan government --
text: presiding over the Senate from a throne-like chair. He is a
text: capable politician in his 50s.
speaker_heading: SENATOR 1
dialog: ... but if we hesitate we'll lose
dialog: this important source of dilithium.
dialog: A trade agreement is in the best
dialog: interests of the Empire.
speaker_heading: SENATOR 2
dialog: Praetor, I recommend we dispatch a
dialog: diplomatic mission to Celes II to
dialog: open negotiations.
text: Senator Tal'Aura grunts slightly at the word "negotiations."
text: Praetor Hiren glances to her.
speaker_heading: PRAETOR
dialog: Senator Tal'Aura, you disagree with
dialog: the motion.
speaker_heading: TAL'AURA
dialog: No, sir. I would say "negotiation"
dialog: is to be advised. I support all
dialog: "diplomatic" overtures. But if you
dialog: will excuse me, Praetor, I have an
dialog: appointment with the Tholian
dialog: ambassador.
text: The Praetor nods. Tal'Aura stands and leaves the chamber...
text: but she had left something behind on her desk. A small,
text: silver box with unusual etchings on the surface.
text: The discussion continues as we focus on the silver box...
speaker_heading: PRAETOR
dialog: Then I will call for a vote on the
dialog: motion to open trade negotiations
dialog: with Celes II...
text: The Senator at the desk next to Tal'Aura's glances over. The
text: silver box is moving.
text: The Senator watches, amazed, as the box begins to slowly fold
text: open. Then "legs" appear. The box unfolds like a spider,
text: standing on its legs. Then it is still for a moment. The
text: Senator looks at it, puzzled.
text: Suddenly -- a bright beam of green light shoots up from the
text: spider -- the Senators are stunned -- the beam shoots to the
text: high domed ceiling of the chamber and then cascades around
text: the interior of the room, enveloping everything in a glowing
text: shroud of green energy. In a way, it is bizarrely beautiful.
text: And then just as suddenly the light disappears.
text: A moment of silence. The Praetor and Senators are baffled.
speaker_heading: PRAETOR
dialog: Would someone please tell me what
dialog: that was?
text: (he turns to a guard)
dialog: Alert security --
text: A plant behind the Praetor begins to shrivel...
speaker_heading: PRAETOR
dialog: -- and have them run a --
text: The Praetor stops suddenly -- as the flesh begins to melt
text: from his face.
text: Every bit of organic matter in the chamber decays. Flesh
text: melts from bones while the Senators scream in agony. Every
text: living thing in the chamber is dead within ten seconds.
text: A stunning moment of silence as we take in the carnage. Then
text: a transporter effect ripples around the spider-weapon. It
dialog: disappears.
text: And the Romulan Senate is no more. We fade to...
scene_heading: EXT. EARTH, ALASKA - PAVILION - DAY
text: JEAN LUC PICARD, the most beloved and respected Captain in
dialog: Starfleet.
text: His face is resolute and set. Even stern. His white dress
text: uniform is buttoned tightly to the neck.
text: He looks at us evenly and then utters the word that has been
text: the watch cry for his entire life as a Starfleet officer.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Duty...
text: He lets the word resonate and then continues.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: A starship captain's life is filled
dialog: with solemn duty. I have commanded
dialog: men in battle. I have negotiated
dialog: peace treaties between implacable
dialog: enemies. I have represented the
dialog: Federation in first contact with
text: twenty-seven alien species. But
dialog: none of this compares to my solemn
dialog: duty as... Best man.
text: Uproarious laughter. We pull back to reveal the wedding
text: reception of WILL RIKER and DEANNA TROI.
text: The Enterprise CREW is gathered with invited GUESTS, some
text: from other "Star Trek" series. Riker and Deanna sit at the
text: center of a long table.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Now, I know that on an occasion
dialog: such as this: it is expected that I
dialog: be gracious and fulsome with praise
dialog: on the wonders of this blessed
dialog: union... But have you two
dialog: considered what you're doing to?
dialog: This is all a damned
dialog: inconvenience...
dialog: (laughter from the crowd)
dialog: While you're happily settling in on
dialog: the Titan, I'll have to train a new
dialog: first officer; no doubt a stern
dialog: martinet who'll quote the rule book
dialog: at me and never... ever... allow me
dialog: to go on away missions.
dialog: (laughter)
dialog: ... Then there's the matter of my
text: new counselor. Undoubtedly some
dialog: soft-spoken, willowy thing who'll
dialog: be probing into my darkest psyche
text: as she nods her head and coos
dialog: sympathetically. Isn't that right,
dialog: Deanna?
text: Deanna nods her head and coos sympathetically. Hearty,
dialog: wonderful LAUGHTER!
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: I notice Dr. Crusher laughing along
dialog: with the rest of you. As most of
dialog: you know, the doctor will also soon
dialog: be leaving the Enterprise, to
dialog: assume command of Starfleet
dialog: Medical. Again, I'm forced to ask,
dialog: Beverly, have you considered what
dialog: you're doing to little ole' me?!
dialog: I'll probably get some old battle-
dialog: axe of a doctor who'll tell me to
dialog: eat my vegetables and put me on
dialog: report if I don't show up for my
dialog: physical on time!
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: It'll serve you right.
text: Laughter, laughter, laughter! He looks to Riker and Deanna:
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Really, it's not too late to
dialog: reconsider. No? Very well then...
text: He smiles and raises his glass, looks at them deeply.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Will Riker, you have been my
dialog: trusted right arm for fourteen
dialog: years; you have helped keep my
text: course true and steady. Deanna
dialog: Troi, you have been my conscience
dialog: and best guide, the touchstone to
dialog: the better parts of myself. You
dialog: are my family. And in proper
dialog: maritime tradition I wish you full
dialog: sails and a clear horizon... My
dialog: friends, make it so.
dialog: They drink.
scene_heading: EXT. EARTH, ALASKA - PAVILION - LATER
text: The party guests mingle as a band plays. We are at a
text: beautiful open-air pavilion high in the Denali Mountains.
text: The soaring ranges of Riker's native Alaska can be seen
dialog: everywhere around us.
text: DR. BEVERLY CRUSHER goes to Picard.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: (playfully)
dialog: Sort of like losing a son and
dialog: gaining an empath, isn't it?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Please, Beverly, this is hard
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: If you start tearing up I promise
dialog: to beam you out. Level one medical
text: emergency. There's no crying in
dialog: Starfleet.
text: They head off toward Riker and Deanna.
text: Meanwhile, GEORDI LA FORGE sits with his girlfriend.
speaker_heading: LEAH
dialog: I've never seen your Captain so
text: nostalgic. Maybe he's getting soft
text: in his old age.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Not likely. After we installed the
dialog: new Series Four replicators, he
dialog: tried to order his usual tea and
dialog: there was a glitch. Had us remove
dialog: the whole bunch of them and put the
dialog: old ones back in.
speaker_heading: LEAH
dialog: There! Nostalgic about old
dialog: replicators.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: He just likes things the way he
dialog: likes them...
text: (he looks at her, smiles)
dialog: Of course, so do I.
text: He kisses her gently as WORF comes to them. Poor Worf is
text: still suffering a bit from the bachelor party. He plops down
text: beside them, belches.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Romulan ale should be illegal.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: It is, old chum.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Then it should be more illegal.
text: He groans and rests his head on the table, acts like he's
text: going to heave. Meanwhile, Riker and Deanna are talking to
dialog: Picard and Beverly.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: Really, Captain, it was a lovely
dialog: toast.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: The least I could do for you,
dialog: Deanna. Besides, you know me...
dialog: I'm a talking head.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: And you needn't worry. I'll brief
dialog: your new counselor on everything
dialog: she needs to know.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: The hell you will. You know too
dialog: much about me as it is... Now you
dialog: promised there are no speeches
text: during the ceremony on Betazed.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: No, no speeches. No clothes
dialog: either.
text: (winks, mischievously)
text: Picard looks at him. Deanna laughs.
text: Then the band stops playing. All turn.
text: DATA stands with the band.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen and invited
dialog: Tran gendered species... In my
dialog: study of Terran and Betazoid
dialog: conjugal rites I have discovered it
dialog: is traditional to present the
dialog: "happy couple" with a gift. Given
text: Commander Riker's affection for
dialog: archaic musical forms I have
dialog: elected to present the following as
dialog: my gift in honor of their
dialog: conjugation.
text: Riker shoots an amused glance to Deanna. Conjugation?
text: Data turns to the band leader.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: If you please, Mister Band Leader,
dialog: a-one and a-two and...
text: The band launches into a jaunty, swing version of the Irving
dialog: Berlin standard "Blue Skies."
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (sings)
dialog: "Blue skies, smiling at me, Nothing
dialog: but blue skies do I see. Blue
text: birds, singing a song, Nothing but
dialog: blue birds all day long. Never saw
dialog: the sun shining so bright, Never
dialog: saw things going so right..."
text: The crowd is appreciative. Loves the song. Except Worf, he
text: momentarily raises his head from the table.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: (groans)
dialog: Ugghhh... Irving Berlin.
text: His heads thumps down again, is about ready to BARF!
text: Meanwhile, Riker is anxious as a kid to join the band:
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: All right, go ahead.
text: Riker eagerly joins the band. Grabs the trombone and starts
text: jamming with the orchestra. The song really swings.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Deanna)
dialog: May I have this dance?
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: With pleasure, Captain.
text: Meanwhile, Geordi leads Leah to the dance floor as well.
text: Beverly goes to Worf.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: Commander Worf... Do Klingons
dialog: swing?
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: I am not a swinger. I am unwell.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: Don't worry, I'm a doctor.
text: She pulls him to the dance floor as:
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: I'm so glad you made it back to the
dialog: Enterprise before I left.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: I was not suited for the life of
dialog: a... diplomat.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: (wry)
dialog: Who'd have guessed?
text: They dance. Picard and Deanna sweep past them.
text: And we pull up and away as Data continues to sing and the
text: crew dances. It is a joyous celebration of these people.
dialog: This family. A family we love.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTERPRISE - SPACE
text: The Enterprise streaks through space.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - CREW LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: Data sits in the empty Crew Lounge.
text: As always, the android's placid, neutral expression still
text: somehow manages to convey his wonder, curiosity and
dialog: idiosyncratic zest for life.
text: Picard arrives with a very old bottle of wine.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I've been saving this. Chateau
text: Picard 2267. Batten down the
dialog: hatches...
text: He carefully uncorks the treasured bottle as:
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: They say a vintner's history is in
dialog: every glass. The soil he came
dialog: from. His past as well as his
dialog: hopes for the future.
text: He pours two glasses of the wine, then raises his glass, a
dialog: toast.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: So... To happy endings.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: To happy endings.
text: Picard carefully takes a tiny sip, savors the flavor, finally
dialog: swallows. Enjoys it. Ahhh.
text: Data mimics Picard. Taking a tiny sip, savoring the flavor
text: and finally swallowing. Ahhh.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Sir. I noticed an interesting
text: confluence of emotion at the
dialog: wedding. I am familiar with the
dialog: human concept of tears through
dialog: laughter and its inverse, laughter
dialog: through tears, but I could not help
dialog: wondering about the human capacity
dialog: for expressing both pleasure and
text: sadness simultaneously.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I understand why it would seem
dialog: confusing. Certain human rituals --
dialog: like weddings, birthdays or
dialog: funerals evoke strong and very
dialog: complex emotions. These rites
dialog: carry great weight with us because
text: they denote the passage of time.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: And you were particularly aware of
dialog: this feeling because Commander
dialog: Riker will be leaving to assume
dialog: command of the Titan?
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: Will and Deanna joining the Titan.
text: Dr. Crusher going to Starfleet
dialog: Medical...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: And this makes you "sad"?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Well. I suppose it does a bit.
dialog: I'm very happy for them, of course,
dialog: but I'm going to miss them. The
dialog: ship will seem... incomplete
dialog: without them.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: That is because you have a
dialog: familiarity with them. You can
dialog: predict specific reactions and
dialog: behavior and are comfortable in
dialog: that knowledge.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Yes. And, frankly, I envy them as
dialog: well. They've made important
dialog: choices; they're going to have
text: great challenges ahead of them.
dialog: New worlds to conquer...
text: He takes another sip of wine. A beat.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Seeing Will and Deanna today made
dialog: me think about some of the choices
dialog: I've made in my own life. Devoting
dialog: myself to Starfleet... Not marrying
dialog: or having children... All the
dialog: choices that led me here.
text: A beat. Data thinks about it.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: The choices I made have led me here
dialog: as well. This is the only home I
dialog: have ever known. I cannot foresee
dialog: a reason for leaving.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: You never know what's over the
dialog: horizon, Data. Before too long
dialog: you'll be offered a command of your
text: own. Data looks at him; he has
dialog: never really considered this.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: If I were... I believe my memory
text: engrams would sense the absence of
dialog: your specific reactions and
dialog: behavior. I would "miss you."
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Now, you make a toast.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: To new worlds...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: New worlds. Yes Data, brave new
dialog: worlds...
dialog: They drink.
scene_heading: INT. ROMULAN SENATE - CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Flickering braziers dimly illuminate the cold, martial
text: splendor of a Senate corridor.
text: COMMANDER DONATRA and COMMANDER SURAN stride through the
dialog: corridor.
text: Suran is an elder Romulan officer, respected and tenacious.
text: Donatra -- a key figure in this story so pay close attention
text: to her -- is a mature, beautiful woman... not without a dry
dialog: sense of humor.
speaker_heading: SURAN
text: The fleet commanders are nervous.
dialog: They've agreed to remain at their
text: given coordinates and await his
text: orders. But they're anxious to
dialog: know what's going on here.
speaker_heading: DONATRA
dialog: I don't blame them. We can't keep
text: them in the dark forever.
text: A voice, from the shadows:
speaker_heading: VICEROY (V.O.)
text: But in darkness, there is strength.
text: Donatra and Suran stop.
text: And the VICEROY steps from the shadows...
text: He is a terrifying sight A powerful, monstrous alien
text: creature; a tall, ashen-skinned ectomorph who bears a
text: disturbing resemblance to the original Nosferatu. He is
text: vampiric and lethal. He is a Reman.
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: Don't you agree?
text: He leads them along the corridor.
scene_heading: INT. SENATE CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: We observe the Romulan crest, an imposing bird-of-prey
text: clutching a planet in either claw, not unlike the KAOS emblem
text: from "Get Smart," that dominates a wall. As we hear:
speaker_heading: SHINZON (V.O.)
dialog: Consider it The great symbol of
dialog: the Empire... But the bird-of-prey
text: holds planets. Romulus, Remus.
text: Their destinies conjoined...
text: And then we see him... SHINZON!
text: He is a dynamic young human in his twenties. Very handsome
text: with pale, almost white skin and shining, golden hair. He
text: wears a striking Reman military uniform.
text: He stands in the center of the eerily deserted chamber. The
text: entire floor is a large star chart.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Yet for generations one of those
text: planets has been without a voice.
dialog: We will be silent no longer.
text: Senator Tal'Aura (the female Senator who planted the weapon
text: in the Senate chamber earlier) and two other ROMULAN
text: COMMANDERS sit.
text: Cadres of Shinzon's fearsome REMAN WARRIORS stand around the
text: chamber. They are his sinister children of the night. Even
text: more chilling now in the flickering torch light. It's like
text: something out of Tim Burton.
text: Donatra and Suran enter the chamber with Shinzon's Viceroy.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Join us, Commanders. Now what's
dialog: the disposition of the fleet?
speaker_heading: SURAN
text: They're holding position.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: SURAN
dialog: (bows his head)
dialog: They will obey, Praetor.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: It's imperative we retain their
dialog: allegiance or our great mission
dialog: will be strangled before it can
dialog: truly draw breath.
speaker_heading: DONATRA
dialog: They support your intentions, sir.
dialog: But they require evidence of
dialog: your... sincerity.
text: Shinzon looks at her. A quick beat. Shinzon decides to
text: respond with benevolence. He smiles.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: And they'll have it.
text: (he begins to pace over
dialog: the star chart)
dialog: Tell the fleet that the days of
text: negotiation and diplomacy are over.
dialog: The Almighty Federation will fall
dialog: before us. As I promised you.
text: He stands on the area of the map that denotes the Neutral
text: Zone between the Romulan Empire and the Federation.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: The time we have dreamed of is at
dialog: hand. The time... of conquest.
dialog: (sinister laugh)
text: He carefully steps into the area of the map marked with the
text: Federation symbol. He looks down at the star chart.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
text: Cut off the dragon's head and it
dialog: cannot strike back.
text: A beat. Donatra watches him carefully. Something in his
text: quiet words disturbs her.
speaker_heading: SURAN
dialog: How many Warbirds will you need?
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: None.
text: They look at him, stunned.
speaker_heading: SURAN
dialog: Praetor. You have the whole fleet
dialog: at your disposal. They supported
dialog: the coup, they'll follow you.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: The Scimitar will serve my needs.
speaker_heading: SURAN
dialog: But surely --
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I came this far alone...
text: (he looks at his Reman
dialog: warriors)
dialog: We came this far alone. We require
text: no assistance from the fleet. Now
dialog: leave me to my thoughts.
text: The Commanders and Senator Tal'Aura rise and leave. Shinzon
text: looks to his Viceroy.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Are we prepared?
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: Yes, Praetor.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: So many years for this moment.
text: (he looks up at his
dialog: Viceroy, smiles)
dialog: Bring him to me.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - DAY
text: The bridge crew are at their stations. Picard is not on the
dialog: bridge.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: (grumbles)
dialog: I won't do it.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: It's tradition,Worf. You of all
dialog: people should appreciate that!
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Besides, I've already seen it.
speaker_heading: WORF
text: A warrior does not appear without
text: his clothing. It leaves him...
dialog: vulnerable.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: I don't think we're going to see
text: much combat on Betazed.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: Don't be too sure. Mother will be
dialog: there.
text: Worf groans. Picard emerges from his Ready Room as:
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: I won't do it.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Won't do what, Mister Worf?
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Captain. I think it is
dialog: inappropriate for a Starfleet
dialog: officer to appear...
dialog: (hates the word)
dialog: ... naked.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Come now, a big, strapping fellow
dialog: like you? What are you afraid of?
text: Deanna laughs. Then a readout on Worf's console attracts his
dialog: attention:
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: I'm picking up an unusual
dialog: electromagnetic signature from the
dialog: Kolarin system.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: What sort of signature?
text: Worf looks up. Glances at Data.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Positronic.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - LATER
text: Geordi is at the Engineering station with Picard, Riker and
dialog: Data.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: It's very faint but I've isolated
dialog: it to the third planet in the
dialog: Kolarin system.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: What do we know about the planet?
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: Uncharted. We'll have to get
text: closer for a more detailed scan.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Data)
dialog: Theories?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Since positronic signatures have
dialog: only been known to emanate from
dialog: androids such as myself, it is
dialog: logical to theorize that there is
dialog: an android such as myself on
dialog: Kolarus III.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: How many of you did Dr. Soong make?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: I thought only me, myself and Lore.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (looking at star chart)
dialog: Diverting to the Kolarin system
dialog: takes us awfully close to the
text: Romulan Neutral Zone.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (looking at star chart)
dialog: Still well on our side...
text: Picard glances at Data, recognizes the android's deep desire
dialog: to explore this possible connection to others like himself.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I think it's worth a look. Don't
dialog: worry, Number One, we'll get you to
text: Betazed with time to spare.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Thank you, sir...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to all, especially Worf)
dialog: Where we will all honor the
dialog: Betazoid traditions. No cold feet,
dialog: or any other parts of our anatomy.
dialog: Now, if you'll excuse me. I'll be
text: in the gym.
dialog: He goes.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (to Helm Officer)
text: Mister Branson, set course for the
dialog: Kolarin system. Warp Five --
text: (Deanna shoots him a
dialog: glance)
dialog: -- Warp Seven.
speaker_heading: HELM OFFICER (MISTER BRANSON)
dialog: Plotted and laid in, sir.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Engage.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: You better believe you're engaged!
text: Meanwhile, Geordi and Data remain at the Engineering Station,
text: studying the displays.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: What do you think, Data, a long-
dialog: lost relative?
text: Data doesn't respond, but the curiosity on his face is
text: apparent.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTERPRISE - OVER KOLARUS III - SPACE
text: The Enterprise is in orbit around the uncharted planet. In
text: the distance we can see the distorting violence of an ion
dialog: storm.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE
text: Kolarus III is on the viewscreen, the ion storm raging beyond
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: I read six distinct positronic
text: signatures, spread out over a few
text: kilometers on the surface.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: What do we know about the
dialog: population?
speaker_heading: DATA
text: Isolated pockets of humanoids. It
text: appears to be a pre-warp
dialog: civilization at an early stage of
dialog: industrial development.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: Captain, I don't recommend
dialog: transporting, that ion storm
text: doesn't look very neighborly. It
dialog: could head this way without much
dialog: warning.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Understood. Data, Worf, you're
dialog: with me.
text: Picard, Data and Worf start heading toward the turbolift.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (stands, protesting)
dialog: Captain, I hope I don't have to
dialog: remind you --
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I appreciate your concern, Number
dialog: One, but I've been itching to try
dialog: out the Argo.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Sir --
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: Captain's prerogative, Will.
dialog: There's no foreseeable danger...
dialog: and your wife would never forgive
dialog: me if anything happened to you.
text: He steps into the turbolift with the Data and Worf.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: You have the bridge, Mister Troi!
text: The turbolift doors slide shut.
text: The bridge crew heartily enjoys Riker's momentary demotion to
dialog: house husband.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTERPRISE - OVER KOLARUS III - DAY
text: The shuttlebay doors slide open and the transport vehicle
text: Argo emerges.
text: The Argo is larger than a regular shuttle with a particularly
text: large cargo area at the back.
scene_heading: EXT. KOLARUS III - DAY
text: The Argo lands on the planet. It is primarily a desert
text: environment with some canyons and mountains. Like Death
text: Valley, blazing heat waves shimmer in the distance. The
text: shuttle sits silently for a moment. We wonder at the delay,
dialog: then...
text: The rear cargo doors slide open and Picard, Data and Worf
text: roar out on a 24th Century equivalent of a military jeep!
text: Picard drives, Data beside him. Worf stands in the back at a
text: mounted phaser canon. It is a muscular, exciting vehicle; a
text: Starfleet version of the jeep from old television series "The
dialog: Rat Patrol."
text: Picard screeches to a stop. Data and Worf lurch. A cloud of
text: dust momentarily obscures them. Data quickly monitors the
dialog: positronic signatures with a tricorder:
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: The closest signature is two
dialog: kilometers to the west... that
dialog: direction, sir.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Thank you, Data.
dialog: (he smiles)
dialog: Let's see what she can do.
text: He roars off in a cloud of dust!
text: Picard clearly enjoys driving. He roars over the desert
text: terrain at breakneck speed, having a hell of a good time.
text: His comrades don't exactly appreciate his free-spirited
text: driving panache.
text: Worf clings on to the mounted phaser canon for dear life.
text: Data steadies himself by grasping onto the rollbar
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: I will always be baffled by the
dialog: human predilection for piloting
text: vehicles at unsafe velocities.
text: Picard smiles and drives a little faster.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (monitoring with
dialog: tricorder)
dialog: Over that rise, sir... half a
dialog: kilometer.
text: They continue on. Before long they can see something on the
text: level desert floor before them. They approach and stop to
dialog: discover...
text: An android arm. The fingers patiently drumming the ground.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: It appears to be...
text: (he scans with his
dialog: tricorder)
dialog: ... an arm.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: Why is it moving?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Like me, it has been designed with
dialog: modular power sources.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Mister Worf, if you please.
text: Worf climbs from the jeep and carefully approaches the arm.
text: Gingerly picks it up. The arm responds to being picked up,
text: the hand starts feeling around in the air like something from
text: a horror movie. Worf shudders.
text: He returns to the jeep. Quickly sets the arm down in the
text: rear cargo area.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: The next signature is one kilometer
dialog: to the south.
text: Picard starts the jeep in motion.
text: Time passes as they continue on... coming across another
text: arm... a leg... a torso... another leg... various
text: disassembled components of a Data-like android!
scene_heading: EXT. JEEP - KOLARUS III - CANYON - DAY
text: Worf stands uneasily amidst the moving body parts. There is
text: only one component missing: the head. Picard steers the jeep
text: into a canyon. Stops. Data scans with his tricorder,
text: pointing it up into the gently sloping hills that form the
text: sides of the canyon.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: The final signature is
dialog: approximately 300 meters up that
dialog: incline.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Mister Worf, accompany Data please.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: (uneasy)
dialog: To find the head, sir?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (amused)
dialog: If you don't mind.
text: Worf and Data climb up into the hills in pursuit of the final
text: piece as Picard opens the jeep's hood and checks the engine.
scene_heading: EXT. KOLARUS III - HILLS - DAY
text: Worf and Data climb as Data scans and indicates the
dialog: direction:
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Ten meters...
text: Worf pulls his phaser, ready.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: I think it unlikely you will need
dialog: your phaser to recover the cranial
dialog: unit. Of course, it could bite
dialog: you.
text: Then they see it.
text: Data's head. Or the spitting image anyway. Lying inert in
text: the dust before them.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: It's you.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: The resemblance is... striking.
text: Then the head's eyes suddenly pop open. It looks up at them
text: with a sort of blank, childlike wonder.
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: Why am I looking at me?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: You are not looking at yourself.
dialog: You are looking at me.
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: (looking at Worf)
dialog: You do not look like me.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (to head)
dialog: I would like to pick you up now.
dialog: May I do that?
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: (to Worf)
dialog: You have a pretty shirt.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Thank you.
text: Data gently picks up the head. Looks at it. The two
text: identical faces gaze at each other.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Fascinating...
text: Then BLAM! -- a boulder near them explodes. Worf and Data
dialog: spin to see...
text: A nomadic tribe of desert ALIENS swarming toward them firing
dialog: primitive plasma weapons --
text: Data and Worf race back down the canyon, toward the jeep --
text: some open-field running and a bit of phaser action -- Worf
dialog: firing to distract and slow the aliens, not kill them --
text: through all of this the head is chattering away blandly:
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: I have two arms and ten fingers.
dialog: Do you know where my arms are? I
dialog: cannot see where we are going.
dialog: Where are we going?
dialog: (Etc... like Threepio in
dialog: "Empire" when he's
text: strapped to Chewbacca's
dialog: back.)
text: The action continues. Then Data finds himself almost
dialog: surrounded --
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Commander!
text: Worf turns -- Data throws the head to Worf like a football, a
text: perfect spiral -- the head is still chattering away -- Worf
dialog: catches it --
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: STOP TALKING!
text: The head abruptly stops talking.
text: Data, hands free now, quickly incapacitates the aliens around
text: him with a dazzling demonstration of his superior strength
dialog: and agility.
text: Meanwhile, Worf tucks the head under his arm and sprints like
text: a master running back -- evading aliens and occasionally
dialog: firing his phaser --
text: They are closer to the jeep now -- but they are in trouble --
text: the swarm of aliens almost overtaking them -- !
text: When a thundering BLAST sends up a shower of debris, stopping
text: the aliens -- Picard is standing in the rear of the jeep,
text: firing the phaser canon.
text: Data and Worf climb into the jeep as Picard leaps into the
text: front seat and roars off --
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. JEEP - KOLARUS III - FOLLOWING
text: Worf, standing at the phaser canon, quickly hands the head to
text: Data in the front seat:
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: If you wouldn't mind.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Thank you.
text: The head looks up at Picard.
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: You have a shiny head.
text: Picard glances at the head.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: He is very observant.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I can see that.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Captain!
text: Picard turns to see that they are being pursued! The aliens
text: are racing after them in crude desert-terrain vehicles --
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Data)
dialog: Shall we try some "unsafe
dialog: velocities?"
text: He floors it -- racing across the desert landscape.
text: Worf fires the mounted phaser canon -- blasting away at the
text: aliens, not killing them, just stopping them -- a few
text: dramatic crashes as the alien vehicles overturn --
dialog: Meanwhile:
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: (to Picard)
dialog: You have a red shirt.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (to head)
dialog: This is not an appropriate time for
text: a conversation.
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Because the captain has to
dialog: concentrate on piloting the
dialog: vehicle.
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Data!
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Sorry, sir.
text: They continue to speed over the landscape -- bouncing and
text: flying over natural rises in the terrain -- trying to evade
dialog: their pursuers --
text: Picard puts the pedal to the metal and races through the
text: alien vehicles -- weaving in and out, avoiding their fire --
text: Worf blasts away with the phaser cannon -- an exhilarating
dialog: adventure --
text: Finally they are within sight of the Argo -- but they see it
text: is surrounded by more of the aliens!
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Mister Data. Let's make like the
dialog: wind.
text: Data punches some buttons on a dashboard console -- and the
text: Argo LIFTS OFF by remote control --
text: Data uses the console to swing the Argo around and lower the
text: rear cargo doors -- it hovers over the surface --
text: Picard floors the jeep -- using a natural rise in the terrain
text: as a ramp -- the jeep FLIES THROUGH THE AIR -- over the
text: aliens -- and into the cargo bay --
scene_heading: INT. ARGO - CARGO BAY - FOLLOWING
text: Picard slams on the brakes -- the jeep screeches to a stop as
text: the doors shut and the Argo shoots into the air.
text: Picard climbs from the jeep. He nonchalantly rubs a bit of
text: dirt from the hood and then disappears into the main cabin.
text: Data and Worf remain in the jeep for a beat, stunned.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: (smiles)
text: He must have Klingon blood.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - ENGINEERING LAB - DAY
text: Beverly gazes at the android head. It gazes back at her.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: I think you have nicer eyes.
text: We pull back to reveal she is speaking to Data. Data stands
text: with Picard, Riker and Geordi.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Our eyes are identical, Doctor.
text: The android is in a framework rig that holds the various body
text: parts in place. The parts are not yet assembled
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Geordi?
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: (at work analyzing the
dialog: torso section)
dialog: Well, he seems to have the same
dialog: internal mechanics as Data but not
text: as much positronic development.
dialog: The neural pathways aren't nearly
dialog: as sophisticated. I'd say he's a
dialog: prototype. Something Dr. Soong
dialog: created before Data.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (to head)
dialog: Do you have a name, sir?
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: I am the B-9.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Be-nign. Dr. Soong's penchant for
text: whimsical names seems to have no
dialog: end.
speaker_heading: HEAD
dialog: (to Riker)
dialog: You have a fuzzy face.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (trying to ignore the
dialog: head)
dialog: Keep me informed, Number One, and,
dialog: please, put him back together.
text: He goes. Geordi and Data begin to reassemble the B-9 piece
dialog: by piece like the Tin Man as:
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Can you tell me how you came to be
dialog: on the planet where we found you?
dialog: B-9
dialog: (blandly)
dialog: I was taken from my homeworld by
dialog: people called the "PakJeds." They
dialog: are fat. They traded me to a ship
dialog: belonging to the "Bolians." The
dialog: "Bolians" are blue. They put me in
dialog: a seat and asked me questions.
dialog: Then they were attacked by another
dialog: ship...
dialog: Time passes...
text: And still the B-9 is yammering blandly away. He is more
text: fully assembled By this time Beverly is thoroughly bored.
dialog: B-9
dialog: Then people called the
dialog: Delviciansans picked me up. They
dialog: have long teeth. They asked if I
dialog: do anything to help them. I told
dialog: them I could do whatever they
dialog: wanted. They asked me to clean out
dialog: the matrix manifolds. I told them
dialog: I did not know what an Matrix
dialog: manifold looks like.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: Excuse me. I have some diagnostics
dialog: to run on some medical scanner
dialog: things.
text: She quickly exits.
dialog: B-9
dialog: And after they showed me the
text: "engine manifolds." Then they
dialog: showed me something called a
dialog: "plasma mop"
dialog: Time passes...
text: And still the B-9 is yammering away. He is almost completely
text: assembled by now. Riker is bored out of his mind.
dialog: B-9
dialog: ... then the "Cardassians" put me
dialog: into something called a "garbage
dialog: chute" and I went out into space
dialog: again --
speaker_heading: WORF (V.O.) (ON COMM)
dialog: Worf to Commander Riker. I have
dialog: the tactical manifests ready, sir.
speaker_heading: RIKER
text: (quickly tapping his comm
dialog: badge)
dialog: Worf! Wonderful! I'll be right
dialog: there!...
dialog: (he stands)
dialog: Duty calls, gentlemen. Carry on.
text: He escapes.
dialog: B-9
text: Fuzzy face is gone.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Yes, please continue.
dialog: B-9
dialog: I was in space for a long time.
text: Then a ship belonging to the
dialog: "Talosians" picked me up. They
dialog: asked me where I came from. I told
dialog: them people called the "Pakleds"
dialog: took me from my homeworld. They
dialog: are fat...
text: Geordi groans.
dialog: Time passes...
text: And still the B-9 is yammering away. By this time Geordi is
text: slumped in a chair and only Data is listening. The B-9 is
text: fully assembled.
dialog: B-9
dialog: Then I opened my eyes and saw you.
text: A beat. The B-9 is finally done with his tale...
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Do you know who I am?
dialog: B-9
dialog: You are me.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: No. My name is Data... I am your
dialog: brother.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - CREW LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: Riker and Deanna are having dinner with Worf.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: (to Worf)
dialog: ... and after the ceremony on
dialog: Betazed, three entire weeks for our
dialog: honeymoon.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: We're going sailing on the Opal
dialog: Sea. We've booked an old-fashioned
dialog: solar catamaran. Just us and the
text: sun and the waves.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: It seems a very... soft honeymoon.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: (amused)
dialog: It's meant to be relaxing.
speaker_heading: WORF
text: A Klingon honeymoon begins with the
dialog: Kholamar desert march where the
text: couple bonds in endurance trials.
dialog: If they survive the challenge they
dialog: move on to the Fire Caves of
dialog: Fek'lhr to face the demons of
dialog: Gre'thor.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Well, that sounds relaxing too.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: It is... invigorating.
text: They see Data enter the lounge, carefully leading the B-9.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: So they've got him up and running.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: He's a very unusual android
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (smiles)
text: Runs in the family.
text: They watch as Data leads the B-9 to a table. Data instructs
text: him to sit. The B-9 sits and stares forward placidly. Data
text: shows him how use a napkin.
text: A note of concern passes over Deanna's face as she watches
dialog: Data and the B-9.
text: There is something strangely poignant in the twin androids.
text: One a bundle of curiosity and intelligence; the other
text: somewhat like a slow, simple child.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - READY ROOM - NIGHT
text: Picard is at his replicator unit.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: Earl Grey, hot.
text: A cup of tea appears. He takes it as the door chime sounds.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Come.
dialog: (Deanna enters)
dialog: Counselor.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: Do you have a moment, sir?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Of course, sit down.
text: He sits at his desk She sits across from him.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: It's about Data I've watched him
dialog: with the B-9 and I'm troubled.
dialog: Data's desire for a "family" is
dialog: very strong. I'm afraid he may be
dialog: investing too much in the B-9.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: You're speaking of emotional
dialog: investment?
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: The B-9 is like a slow child, sir.
dialog: And Data, in his own way, has
dialog: assumed the position of a parent or
dialog: guardian. I'm afraid he has
dialog: expectations based on his own
dialog: experiences. He'll be disappointed
dialog: when the B-9 cannot meet those
dialog: expectations.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: As much as we care for him,
dialog: Deanna... we have to remember that
dialog: Data isn't capable of
dialog: disappointment.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: I don't believe that, sir. We've
dialog: shared many disappointing journeys.
text: A quiet beat.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I'm going to miss you.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: And I you.
text: They are interrupted by a comm signal:
speaker_heading: RIKER (V.O.) (ON COMM)
dialog: Captain, you have an Alpha Priority
dialog: communication from Starfleet
dialog: Command.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Acknowledged...
dialog: (Deanna stands)
dialog: ... I'll talk to Data
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: She goes. Picard activates his desktop viewscreen.
text: ADMIRAL KATHRYN JANEWAY appears on Picard's monitor. Janeway
text: is the former captain of Voyager. Her new rank fits her
text: well, she has lost none of her dry humor and down-to-earth
dialog: charm which made her a household name and beloved cult
dialog: figure.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Admiral Janeway. Good to see you.
speaker_heading: JANEWAY (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: Jean Luc... How'd you like a trip
dialog: to Romulus? All expenses paid?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: With or without the rest of the
dialog: fleet?
speaker_heading: JANEWAY (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: A diplomatic mission. We've been
dialog: invited, believe it or not. Seems
dialog: there's been some kind of internal
dialog: political shakeup. The new
dialog: Praetor, someone called Shinzon,
dialog: has requested a Federation envoy.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: New Praetor?
speaker_heading: JANEWAY (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: There's more... as always. He's
dialog: Reman.
dialog: (Picard is surprised)
dialog: Believe me, we don't understand it
dialog: either. You're the closest ship so
dialog: I want you to high tail it over
dialog: there and hear what he has to say.
dialog: Get the lay of the land, If the
dialog: Empire becomes unstable, it could
dialog: mean trouble for the entire
dialog: quadrant.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Understood.
scene_heading: JANEWAY (ON VIEWSCREEEN)
dialog: We're sending you all the
dialog: intelligence we have, but it's not
dialog: much. I don't need to tell you to
dialog: watch your back, Jean Luc.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Not with the Romulans.
speaker_heading: JANEWAY (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: (smiles wryly)
dialog: The Son'a, the Borg, the Romulans,
dialog: the evil Soran and that pesky
dialog: Nexus. You seem to get all the
dialog: easy assignments!
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Just lucky, Admiral.
speaker_heading: JANEWAY (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: Let's hope that luck holds.
dialog: Janeway out.
text: The transmission ends.
text: Picard sits for a moment, intrigued. Then he goes to the
dialog: bridge
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Picard goes to his command chair:
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Helm)
dialog: Lay in a new course... Take us to
text: Romulus. Warp eight.
text: The crew is shocked.
speaker_heading: HELM OFFICER
dialog: Aye aye, sir. Course plotted and
dialog: laid in...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Romulus?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I'm afraid the Opal Sea will have
dialog: to wait, Number One... Engage.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTERPRISE - SPACE
text: And the Enterprise jumps to high warp -- disappearing in a
text: flash of dazzling light. Yes!
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - OBSERVATION LOUNGE - DAY
text: Data conducts a briefing for the senior officers. Monitors
text: currently show an image of Romulus and Remus in orbit around
dialog: their sun.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: As you can see the habitable half
dialog: of Remus is always in darkness
dialog: because, like Mercury, one side
dialog: always faces the sun. Due to the
dialog: extreme temperatures on that half
dialog: of their world, the Remans live on
text: the dark side of the planet.
text: Various grainy and unclear new images appear to illustrate
dialog: Data's words:
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Almost nothing is known about the
dialog: Reman homeworld, although
dialog: intelligence scans have proven the
dialog: existence of dilithium mining and
text: heavy weapons construction.
text: Very obscure images of Remans appear, the crew can barely
text: make out the monstrous figures:
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: The Remans themselves are
dialog: considered an undesirable caste in
dialog: the hierarchy of the Empire.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: But they also have the reputation
dialog: of being formidable warriors. In
dialog: the Dominion War, Reman forces were
dialog: used as assault troops in the most
text: violent encounters.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (grim)
text: Cannon fodder.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: Then how did a Reman get to be
dialog: Praetor? I don't get it.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: We have to assume he had Romulan
dialog: collaborators.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: A coup d'etat?
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: The Praetor's power has always been
text: the Romulan fleet. They must be
text: behind him.
dialog: Picard considers this.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Data)
dialog: What have you learned about
dialog: Shinzon?
text: The images end. There are no images of Shinzon.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Starfleet intelligence was only
dialog: able to provide a partial account
dialog: of his military record. We can
text: infer he is relatively young and a
dialog: capable commander. He fought
dialog: seventeen major engagements in the
dialog: war. All successful. Beyond that,
dialog: we know nothing.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Well... it seems we're truly
text: sailing into the unknown. Keep at
dialog: it. Anything you can give me would
dialog: be appreciated. Dismissed.
text: The meeting breaks up.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - ENGINEERING LAB - DAY
text: The B-9 stares placidly forward.
text: We pull back and discover that computer conduits connect the
text: B-9's head to Data's head. Geordi monitors the connection.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: At present he serves no useful
dialog: function. Dr. Soong created us to
dialog: become active and useful members of
dialog: society. I do not believe he would
dialog: have wanted the B-9 to live out his
dialog: life in his present state.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: I can't believe the Captain went
text: along with a memory download.
speaker_heading: DATA
text: Captain Picard agrees that the B-9
dialog: was probably designed with the same
dialog: self-actualization parameters as
dialog: myself. If my memory engrams are
dialog: successfully integrated into his
dialog: positronic matrix, he should have
dialog: all my abilities.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: He'd have all your memories too.
dialog: You feel comfortable with that?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: I feel nothing, Geordi. It is my
dialog: belief that with my memory engrams
dialog: he will be able to function as a
dialog: more complete individual.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: An individual more like you, you
dialog: mean.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: Maybe he's not supposed to be like
dialog: you. Maybe he's supposed to be
dialog: just like he is.
text: Geordi completes his work
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: Okay... we're done.
text: Geordi removes the computer connections from between their
text: heads. He carefully closes the panel in Data's head as:
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (to B-9)
dialog: Do you know where you are?
dialog: B-9
text: I am in a room with lights.
text: He looks blankly at the console lights.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Can you remember our father?
dialog: B-9
dialog: No.
text: Data glances to Geordi.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Do you know the name of the Captain
dialog: of this vessel?
dialog: B-9
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Is that your final answer?
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: (to B-9)
dialog: Do you know my name?
dialog: B-9
dialog: You have a soft voice.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Data, he's assimilating a lot of
dialog: programming. Remember, he's a
dialog: prototype, a lot less sophisticated
dialog: than you are. We just don't know
dialog: if his matrix will be able to
dialog: adapt. Or if he'll be able to
dialog: retain anything. We should give
dialog: him some time.
text: Data has been studying some circuitry in the B-9's neck.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: What purpose does this serve?
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: (also examining circuitry)
dialog: It seems to be a redundant memory
dialog: port. Maybe it's for provisional
dialog: memory storage in case his neural
dialog: pathways overload?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Dr. Soong must have found it
dialog: unnecessary in later versions.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: It's possible the extra memory port
text: is interfering with the engram
dialog: processing. Mind if I keep him
dialog: here and run some diagnostics?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: No, I do not mind.
text: Data looks at the B-9 with a sort of sadness.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: But I believe he will prove
dialog: incapable of performing higher
dialog: functions.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: Don't give up hope, Data. I know,
dialog: I know, you're not capable of hope.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (looking at B-9)
dialog: I am not.
text: Data stands. The B-9 stands to follow.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: No, remain with Commander La Forge.
dialog: He is going to try to make you
dialog: well.
text: The B-9 sits. Data goes. Geordi watches him go.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTERPRISE - OVER ROMULUS - SPACE
text: The Enterprise is in orbit around Romulus. Remus can be seen
text: in the distance.
speaker_heading: PICARD (V.O.)
text: Captain's Log. Stardate 47844.9.
text: The Enterprise has arrived at
text: Romulus and is waiting at the
dialog: designated coordinates. All our
text: hails have gone unanswered. We've
dialog: been waiting for seventeen hours.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: The crew is tense. Silence.
text: Worf, at tactical, slowly stretches his neck. Trying to
text: release the tension. It cracks. Deanna jumps a bit.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Why don't they answer our hails?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: It's an old psychological strategy,
dialog: Number One. To put him in a
dialog: position of dominance and make us
text: uneasy.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: It's working.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Deanna)
dialog: Counselor?
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: They're out there, sir.
text: Picard stands and walks to the viewscreen. He gazes at
text: Romulus below and the black infinity of space beyond.
text: They're out there, Waiting.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Sir, I recommend we raise shields.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Not yet, Mister Worf.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Captain, with all due respect to
dialog: diplomatic protocols -- the
dialog: Federation Council's not sitting
dialog: out here, we are.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Patience. Diplomacy is a very
dialog: exacting occupation. We can wait.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Captain...
text: And on the viewscreen.
text: Shinzon's magnificent Reman Warbird, the SCIMITAR, decloaks
text: directly before the Enterprise.
scene_heading: EXT. OVER ROMULUS - SPACE
dialog: Our first sight of this incredible ship is absolutely
text: breathtaking.
text: Shinzon's vessel combines the clean lines of the traditional
text: Romulan Warbird with unique weaponry and styling. It is
text: huge, easily twice as large as the Enterprise. And it is
text: aggressive. Awesome in its power.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: The crew gapes at the huge ship on the viewscreen.
speaker_heading: RIKER
text: (slowly rising from his
dialog: chair)
dialog: My God...
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: (tense)
dialog: Should I raise shields?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Captain -- !
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (firm)
text: Tactical analysis, Mister Worf.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: (quickly analyzing
dialog: tactical display)
dialog: Fifty-two disruptor banks, twenty-
dialog: seven photon torpedo bays, primary
dialog: and secondary phased shields.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: She's not out for a pleasure
dialog: cruise.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (grim)
dialog: She's a predator.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: We're being hailed.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: On screen.
text: And the image on the viewscreen transforms to:
dialog: Shinzon's Viceroy.
text: He stands on the Scimitar's bridge. The bridge is as unique
text: as the rest of Shinzon's ship. Instead of the usual
text: mechanical clutter, this bridge is designed with an almost
text: Asian simplicity. Like the rest of Reman design, it is spare
dialog: and elegant.
text: Since the Remans are more comfortable in the darkness, most
text: of the light comes from the three steadily pulsing warp core
text: relays which dramatically soar up through the floor of the
dialog: bridge.
text: The crew gazes at the bridge and the monstrous features of
dialog: the viceroy.
speaker_heading: VICEROY (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: Enterprise. We are the Reman
dialog: Warbird Scimitar.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Praetor Shinzon, I'm pleased to --
speaker_heading: VICEROY (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: I am not Shinzon. I am his
dialog: Viceroy. We are sending transport
dialog: coordinates.
text: The transmission ends abruptly. The Scimitar reappears on
text: the viewscreen.
speaker_heading: RIKER
text: Not very chatty.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: Away team. Transporter room four.
text: Picard, Riker, Deanna, Worf and Data head toward the
text: turbolift, energized now that the endless waiting is over.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - OBSERVATION LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: The away team materializes in the most striking location on
text: Shinzon's ship: a large observation lounge.
text: It is a huge, empty chamber. No furniture. A simple Reman
text: mat on the floor is the only decoration. At the very top of
text: the room there is a large, etched glass dome.
text: It is very dark.
text: They turn when Shinzon speaks from the shadows:
speaker_heading: SHINZON (V.O.)
dialog: I hope you'll forgive the
dialog: darkness... we're not comfortable
text: in the light.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Praetor Shinzon?
text: Shinzon moves toward them a bit, becoming slightly more
text: illuminated, the low light shining off his golden hair.
text: The crew cannot see him clearly in the dim light but it is
text: evident he is human. Assuming that he was Reman, they're
dialog: surprised by this realization.
text: Shinzon just stares at Picard through the darkness for a
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Captain Picard... Jean Luc
dialog: Picard... I don't mean to stare,
dialog: it's just -- well, you can't
dialog: imagine how long I've been waiting
dialog: for this moment. I always imagined
dialog: you taller, isn't that odd?
dialog: (to Data)
dialog: You may scan me without subterfuge,
dialog: Commander Data.
text: Data scans him with a tricorder as:
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: And you're not as we imagined you.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: You are human.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Commander Worf.
dialog: (he speaks in Klingon)
dialog: I greet you as a valiant warrior...
dialog: and as my brother.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: (terse, in Klingon)
dialog: I'll save my greetings for a better
dialog: brother.
text: Shinzon laughs, maniacally.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Why have you asked for our presence
dialog: here?
text: Shinzon does not answer. He is staring deeply at Deanna,
text: moans softly.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Praetor?
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I've never met a human woman.
text: He slowly moves toward her, still hidden in the shadows.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: I'm only half human.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Deanna Troi of Betazed. Empathic
dialog: and telepathic abilities, ship's
dialog: counselor. All of this I knew...
dialog: But I didn't know you were so
dialog: beautiful.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: You seem very familiar with our
dialog: personnel.
text: Shinzon moves even closer to Deanna, not taking his eyes from
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I am, Commander Riker...
dialog: (to Deanna)
dialog: ... May I touch your hair?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (firm)
dialog: Praetor, we've come to Romulus on a
dialog: matter we were -- assured was of
dialog: great importance. If you have
dialog: anything to say to us as
dialog: representatives of the Federation,
dialog: I suggest you do so now.
text: Shinzon continues to stare at Deanna. It is strangely
text: seductive. Almost disquieting in its intensity. Deanna
text: handles it with grace, her level gaze never leaving his.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: (softly)
dialog: On the world I come from there's no
dialog: light. No sun. Beauty isn't
dialog: important. I see now there's a
dialog: world elsewhere.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Praetor Shinzon. We're not here to
dialog: discuss your lack of a social life.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: (turning back to Picard)
dialog: Yes, I'm sorry, Captain.
dialog: (he smiles)
dialog: There's so much we have to talk
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I would be interested to know what
dialog: we are talking about.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Unity, Captain! Tearing down the
dialog: walls between us to recognize we
dialog: are one people. Federation and
text: Romulan. Human and Vulcan and
dialog: Klingon and Reman. I'm speaking of
dialog: the thing that makes us the same.
dialog: We want peace.
text: Picard and the others are stunned.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I want to end the centuries of
dialog: mistrust. I want to be your ally,
dialog: not your enemy. As a first step I
dialog: propose we eliminate the Neutral
text: Zone and begin a free and open
dialog: exchange of goods and ideas.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: And the Senate supports you?
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: (dry)
dialog: I have dissolved the Senate.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Right now, you're thinking this all
dialog: sounds too good to be true?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: And you're wondering why the
dialog: Scimitar is so well armed. Is this
dialog: the ship of a peacemaker? Or a
dialog: predator?
text: (Picard is startled at
dialog: Shinzon's choice of
dialog: words)
dialog: ... But you're also thinking the
dialog: chance for peace is too promising
dialog: to ignore. Above all, you're
dialog: trying to decide if you can trust
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Then perhaps the time has come to
dialog: add some illumination to our
dialog: discussion. Computer, raise
text: lighting four levels.
text: Lights shoot up around the room.
text: For the first time the crew can see Shinzon clearly. Picard
text: actually gasps when he sees Shinzon's face. The rest of the
text: crew doesn't understand his reaction.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Allow me to tell you a story that I
dialog: hope will clarify my position.
dialog: When I was very young I was
dialog: stricken with an odd disease. I
dialog: developed a hyper-sensitivity to
text: sound. The slightest whisper
dialog: caused me agony...
text: Picard watches him carefully. Wary and strangely intense.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: No one knew what to do. Finally I
dialog: was taken to a doctor who had some
dialog: experience with Terran illnesses
dialog: and I was finally diagnosed with
dialog: Shalaft's syndrome. Do you know of
dialog: it, Captain?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: You know I do.
text: The crew is dumbfounded at Picard's unusual reaction.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Then you know it's a very rare
dialog: syndrome. Genetic. All the male
dialog: members of my family had it.
dialog: Eventually I was treated. Now I
dialog: can hear as well as you can,
dialog: Captain.
text: He steps toward Picard who holds his ground.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I can see as well as you can. I
dialog: can feel everything you feel.
text: (He stops right before
dialog: Picard)
dialog: In fact, I feel exactly what you
dialog: feel. Don't I, Jean Luc?
text: Picard stares at him with a mixture of realization and
text: curiosity. It is as if Picard is looking into a strange,
text: remembered mirror: Shinzon's face is nearly identical to his
dialog: at that age.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Do you trust me now?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: We need to talk, just you and I.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Come to dinner on Romulus tomorrow.
dialog: Just the two of us. Or just the
dialog: one of us.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: You know I need to verify this.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I know.
text: The crew is utterly confused. Their confusion turns to
text: outright shock when Shinzon calmly pulls out a Reman knife
text: and cuts his arm, drawing a little blood. He hands the knife
dialog: to Data.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Tomorrow then, Captain. We have so
dialog: much to discuss.
text: Picard touches his communicator pin:
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: Picard to Enterprise. Five to beam
dialog: out.
text: They dematerialize, the shimmering glow illuminating
text: Shinzon's features. Picard's eyes never leave Shinzon as
text: the transporter effect ripples around him.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - SICKBAY - DAY
text: Beverly stands with Picard, Riker and Deanna. The Reman
text: knife is under a protonmicroscope and other medical readouts
text: and analysis are visible.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: There's no doubt, Captain. Right
dialog: down to your regressive strain of
text: Shalaft's Syndrome. He's a clone.
text: A beat as the confirmation sinks in.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: When was he... created?
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: About twenty-five years ago. They
dialog: probably used a hair follicle or
dialog: skin cell.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (touching head)
dialog: I think a skin cell's the more
dialog: likely of the two.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Believe me, Number One; I'm going
dialog: to find out. Contact Starfleet
dialog: Command and inform them of the
dialog: situation. I need to know where
dialog: the hell he came from. Deanna.
text: He goes, Deanna following.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - CORRIDOR - FOLLOWING
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: I would say he's been trained to
dialog: resist telepathy. What I could
dialog: sense of his emotions were erratic,
dialog: very hard to follow.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Is he sincere about wanting peace?
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: (she stops him)
dialog: Sir, the strongest sense I had was
text: that he's more than curious about
dialog: you. He very much wants to know
dialog: you.
text: (she looks at him deeply)
dialog: The same way you want to know him.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: How could I not?
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: Captain, don't assume he's anything
dialog: like you are. You should resist
dialog: the urge to think you know him.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I not only know him, Deanna, I am
dialog: him... and he is me!
dialog: He goes.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - RIKER AND DEANNA'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: Riker is hard at work over a series of padds. He has been
text: working for hours.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: Will, you need to rest.
dialog: (he continues to work)
dialog: As ship's counselor, I'm
dialog: recommending you get me sleep.
text: Riker tosses a padd on the desk. Rubs his eyes. Looks up
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Some honeymoon.
text: She smiles and goes to him.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: We have time.
dialog: (she kisses him)
dialog: Come to bed.
text: She pulls him up.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Imzadi, what am I going to do with
dialog: you?
text: They kiss deeply. She pulls him across the room and they
text: fall into the bed.
text: It is passionate, erotic. Her arms undulate around him
text: sensually... her fingers snake through his hair, but
text: something is wrong. Riker's hair is now blond.
text: She starts back, her eyes growing wide.
text: Riker is gone. She is now embracing Shinzon!
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Imzadi. This is so good.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: No!
text: He caresses her face...
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: He can never know you as I know
dialog: you... He can never touch you as I
dialog: touch you.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: This isn't real.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Can you feel my hands... are they
dialog: real? Can you feel my lips, my
dialog: loins?
text: He kisses her neck -- but when he raises his head again. It
text: is the monstrous Viceroy! Holding her. Caressing her. She
text: is frozen in horror. But is it the Viceroy at all?
text: Shinzon's voice seems to come from the Viceroy's lips:
speaker_heading: SHINZON (V.O.)
dialog: I'm with you, Imzadi...
text: And then it is Shinzon again, kissing her:
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I'll always be with you now. Now
dialog: and forever...
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: You sick bastard!
text: She pushes him away...
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Deanna?! What's with the name
dialog: calling?
text: It is Riker. She stares at him, then clings to him
dialog: desperately.
scene_heading: EXT. ROMULAN SENATE - DAY
text: The Byzantine splendors of the Senate loom before us.
scene_heading: INT. ROMULAN SENATE CHAMBER - DAY
text: Heavy drapes are drawn against any hint of the sun. Shinzon
text: is in conference with the Romulan Commanders and Senator
text: Tal'Aura. Commander Donatra watches him closely.
text: Commander Suran is angry, pacing. Shinzon stands. His
text: Viceroy lurks in a corner.
speaker_heading: SURAN
dialog: ... then I don't understand the
dialog: reason for the delay!
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: You don't have to understand.
speaker_heading: SURAN
dialog: And bringing the Enterprise here?!
dialog: What possible purpose could that
dialog: serve?!
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I have a purpose.
speaker_heading: SURAN
dialog: Then perhaps you will enlighten us?
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: (snaps)
dialog: Silence, Romulan!
text: A tense beat. Shinzon regains his composure.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: You must learn patience, Commander.
dialog: Do you know where I learned it? In
text: the dilithium mines of Remus.
dialog: Spend eighteen hours every day
text: under the lash of a Romulan guard's
dialog: whip and you'll soon understand
dialog: patience.
speaker_heading: SURAN
dialog: (carefully bows his head)
dialog: Praetor.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Now go. I have some personal
dialog: business.
text: Suran and the others go.
text: Donatra turns just as she is leaving the chamber, she sees
text: the Viceroy going to Shinzon. And then do something odd.
text: The Viceroy puts his hand on Shinzon's chest, leans very
text: close and talks to him quietly. This is an ancient form of
text: Reman telepathic medical diagnosis.
text: This strange sight perplexes Donatra. The doors close,
text: blocking her view...
scene_heading: INT. SENATE - CORRIDOR - FOLLOWING
text: We go with Donatra and the other Romulans. Donatra speaks
dialog: quietly to Suran:
speaker_heading: DONATRA
dialog: How long before he has us in the
dialog: dilithium mines?
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - DATA'S CABIN - DAY
text: The B-9 sits placidly in a chair, staring forward.
text: Then, as if a switch was thrown, he moves. He quickly rises
text: and goes to a computer console. He efficiently starts
text: punching in commands at an amazing velocity.
scene_heading: INT. ROMULAN SENATE CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Picard and Shinzon sit alone in a corner of the sweeping
text: Senate chamber. The remains of dinner before them.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: And when I was ready they were
dialog: going to replace you with me, an
dialog: exact biological duplicate. Put a
text: Romulan agent at the heart of
dialog: Starfleet to influence your command
text: structure. It was a bold plan.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: As happens so frequently here on
dialog: Romulus, a new government came to
dialog: power. They decided to abandon the
dialog: plan -- frankly, I think they were
dialog: afraid I'd be discovered and it
dialog: would lead to war. They weren't
dialog: ready for that.
text: Picard pours a glass of Romulan ale.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Romulan ale -- I'm surprised. I
dialog: can't stand it.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You'll acquire a taste for it.
text: A beat. They look at each other.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: It's not quite the face you
dialog: remember.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Not quite. I envy the hairline.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: A lifetime of violence will do
dialog: that. My nose was broken four
dialog: times. And my jaw... But so much
dialog: is the same. The eyes, you
dialog: recognize the eyes.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Yes. The eyes have it.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Our eyes reflect our lives, don't
dialog: they? Yours are so confident.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: How did you end up on Remus?
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: They sent me there to die. How
dialog: could a mere human survive the
dialog: dilithium mines? It was...
dialog: (he can't find the words)
dialog: ... I was a slave. And a monster.
dialog: The only thing the Romulan guards
dialog: hated more than the Remans was me.
dialog: But one man took pity on me: the
dialog: man who became my Viceroy. He
dialog: taught me how to survive. And in
dialog: that dark place, where there was
dialog: nothing of myself, I found my Reman
dialog: brothers. They showed me the only
dialog: kindness I ever knew.
text: A beat. He glances to the Romulan crest on the wall.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: For thousands of years the Romulan
dialog: Senate has met in this chamber and
dialog: dictated the fate of its sister-
dialog: planet... But the time has come for
dialog: us to live as equals.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: You're doing this to liberate the
dialog: Remans?
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: No race should be a slave to
dialog: another.
text: Picard is impressed with Shinzon's quiet words.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: You don't trust me.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I have no reason to.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Of course you do. If you had lived
dialog: my life and experienced the
dialog: suffering of my people... you'd be
dialog: sitting where I am now. At least I
dialog: hope you would.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: And if you had lived my life you
dialog: would understand that there is a
dialog: great responsibility in
dialog: representing the Federation. I
dialog: can't let my personal feelings
dialog: unduly influence my decisions.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: All I have is my personal feelings.
dialog: I wasn't raised with the ideals of
dialog: the Federation. But I'm trying to
dialog: understand them now. To live up to
dialog: them To live up to you.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I want to know where I come from.
dialog: The Remans gave me a future. You
dialog: can tell me about my past.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: There's so much, and so much of it
dialog: is dull...
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Were we always explorers?
speaker_heading: PlCARD
dialog: No. I was the first Picard to
dialog: leave Earth. It caused quite a
dialog: stir, In fact. But I had spent my
dialog: whole life...
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: (finishing the sentence)
text: Looking up at the stars.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: And you dreamed about what was up
dialog: there. About...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (finishing the sentence)
dialog: New worlds.
text: A beat.
text: They both reach for a carafe of water at the exact same
dialog: instant. Stop.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: After you, Praetor.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Age before rank, Jean Luc.
text: Picard smiles, pours a glass.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: So I'm not as tall as you expected?
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I always hoped I would hit two
dialog: meters.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: With a full head of hair.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: There is that.
text: A quiet beat.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Shinzon... I'm trying to believe
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: If there's one ideal the Federation
dialog: holds most dear it's that all men,
dialog: all races, can be united. From the
dialog: first time the Vulcans came to
dialog: Earth we've sought a future of
dialog: peace. Nothing would make me more
dialog: proud than to take your hand in
dialog: friendship. In time. When trust
dialog: has been earned.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I'm honored to think I might
dialog: someday speak with such eloquence.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: In time, Jean Luc.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: In time.
scene_heading: INT. SENATE CHAMBER - LATER
text: Picard is gone. Shinzon sits, thinking. His Viceroy enters.
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: This is a mistake.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: He's gentler than I thought. And
text: he has a sense of humor.
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: (stern)
dialog: Don't forget our mission, Shinzon.
dialog: We should act. Now. Time is
text: running out.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: (snaps)
dialog: My time. I'll spend it how I
dialog: choose.
text: A tense beat.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: We'll return to the Scimitar.
dialog: Prepare yourself for the bonding.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: Picard emerges from the turbolift. Data, Worf and Geordi
text: wait at the bridge engineering station.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Sir, we've had an unauthorized
text: access into the main computer.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Who was it?
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: It's going to take some time to
dialog: find out -- the data stream was
text: rerouted through substations all
text: over the ship.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: What programs were accessed?
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: That's what I don't get -- it's
dialog: mostly basic stellar cartography:
dialog: star charts; communications
text: protocols; some uplinks from colony
dialog: tracking stations. It's not even
dialog: restricted material.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Worf)
dialog: Set up a security program to detect
text: any unusual data stream rerouting.
dialog: If it happens again, we want to be
dialog: ready.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: (grim)
dialog: There's something else. I was
dialog: reviewing the sensor logs...
dialog: (he refers to some
text: readouts on his console)
text: When the Scimitar decloaked there
dialog: was a momentary spike in the
dialog: tertiary EM band -- there -- You're
dialog: not going to believe this but it's
dialog: Thalaron.
text: Picard is shocked.
scene_heading: INT. SICKBAY - NIGHT
text: Picard stands, concerned, with Beverly, Geordi and Data.
text: Monitors showing Thalaron research are visible.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: ... I thought Thalaron radiation
dialog: was theoretical.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: Which is why our initial scans
dialog: didn't pick it up. But he's got
dialog: it, Captain.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: As I remember, Thalaron research
dialog: was banned in the Federation
dialog: because of its bioqenic properties.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: It has the ability to consume
text: organic material at the subatomic
dialog: level. I can't overestimate the
dialog: danger of Thalaron radiation, Jean
dialog: Luc. A microscopic amount could
dialog: kill every living thing on this
text: ship in a matter of seconds.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Understood. Keep on it. I need to
dialog: know what he has and how to
dialog: neutralize any threat. Give me
dialog: options.
text: Picard goes. Data thinks for a moment.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Doctor, will you excuse us for a
dialog: moment? Geordi, please come with
dialog: me.
text: He and Geordi head out. Beverly returns to some medical
text: displays showing Thalaron research, her expression deeply
dialog: concerned.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - PICARD'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: Picard is sitting at his desk, flipping through an old photo
text: album. He stops and stares at one of the pictures deeply
text: troubled. We finally see the photo: Young Jean Luc Picard.
text: A serious, unsmiling cadet at Starfleet Academy. The face
text: before him bears a disturbing resemblance to Shinzon.
text: The door comm chirps.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Come...
dialog: (Beverly enters)
dialog: ... Beverly, come in.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: You're working late.
text: She sits, notes the picture of Young Jean Luc.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Remember him?
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: He was a bit proud as I recall.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: He was a damn fool. Selfish and
dialog: ambitious. Very much in need of
text: seasoning.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: He turned out all right.
text: He rises, goes to a window, gazes at the Scimitar in the
text: distance. A beat.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I so wanted to believe Shinzon.
dialog: But the Thalaron radiation can't be
dialog: explained away. Whatever he's
dialog: after, it's not peace.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: Is he very much like you were?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Yes.
text: Data interrupts on comm:
speaker_heading: DATA (V.O.) (ON COMM)
text: Data to Captain Picard. Geordi and
dialog: I have identified the source of the
dialog: unauthorized computer access. And,
dialog: I believe, we have also discovered
dialog: an opportunity to gain a tactical
dialog: advantage.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to comm)
dialog: On my way...
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: (stands)
dialog: Jean Luc -- whatever you were --
dialog: right now you're the man you've
dialog: made yourself. He's someone else.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I wish I could believe that,
dialog: Doctor.
dialog: He goes.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - TURBOLIFT - MORNING
text: Deanna is alone on the turbolift. Then a voice makes her
dialog: spin:
speaker_heading: SHINZON (V.O.)
dialog: Imzadi...
text: Shinzon stands across from her.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: You're not here.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: (moving to her)
dialog: Very logical, Deanna... But your
text: heart doesn't constrain itself to
dialog: mere logic.
dialog: (he caresses her)
dialog: ... Your heart longs to discover
dialog: me. To know me...
dialog: (he kisses her)
dialog: ... To leave all of this behind and
dialog: be with me.
text: He pushes her against the wall, with passion and almost
dialog: violence.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I can feel your desire, Deanna...
text: She forces herself to concentrate... to resist
dialog: telepathically... it is a mighty effort... this Romulan is
text: hot. And the world around her appears to be changing...
dialog: bending...
text: And she is momentarily in a cabin on the Scimitar. Although
text: entirely a telepathic experience, it is as if she has
dialog: actually traveled.
text: She sees Shinzon kneeling over a small flame, she realizes
text: she is looking through the Viceroy's eyes.
text: On the Scimitar, Shinzon looks up at the Viceroy/Deanna:
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I can feel your hunger to know the
dialog: Reman ways... the old ways.
dialog: Then the world changes again...
text: Deanna is on the turbolift. Shinzon is pressed against her,
dialog: whispering:
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Don't fear what you desire...
text: She forces him away from her and --
text: She is alone. She sinks to her knees. Overcome with
dialog: emotion.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - VICEROY'S CABIN - FOLLOWING
text: The Viceroy, in a kind of trace, kneels before a small flame.
text: Shinzon kneels across from him. The Viceroy raises his head.
speaker_heading: VICEROY
text: The bond is broken.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Find her again.
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: No -- this is wasting time.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Do as I tell you!
text: A Reman officer interrupts on comm:
speaker_heading: REMAN OFFICER (V.O.)
dialog: Praetor, we've received the
text: transponder signal.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: (to comm)
dialog: On my way.
text: He begins to go -- but suddenly stops, a wave of illness
text: overtaking him.
text: The Viceroy puts his hand on Shinzon's chest. A strange
text: moment as the Viceroy shuts his eyes and feels Shinzon's
text: chest. His mind... probing.
text: Then the Viceroy looks up at him, grim.
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: It's accelerating. You have no
dialog: more time for games.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Have the doctors prepare. I'll be
text: on the bridge.
dialog: He goes.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIDGE - DAY
text: Shinzon stands with some REMAN ENGINEERS.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Transport.
text: An Engineer activates a transporter and the B-9 materializes!
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Welcome home.
dialog: (to Engineers)
dialog: Begin the download.
text: Reman engineers go to the B-9 and open the panel in his neck,
text: begin connecting computer conduits to the extra memory port
dialog: we saw earlier.
dialog: (Note: Although the audience will not know it yet, this is
dialog: actually Data pretending to be the B-9.)
text: Shinzon goes to a replicator unit and orders:
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Tea, hot.
text: A cup of tea appears. He takes it and sips as he watches his
text: Engineers connecting the conduits to the B-9.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - SICKBAY - DAY
text: Beverly is scanning Deanna. Picard and Riker watch,
dialog: concerned.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: Aside from slightly elevated
dialog: adrenalin and serotonin levels,
dialog: you're completely normal.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Can you describe it, Deanna?
text: She looks at Picard, tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: It was... a violation.
text: Riker takes her hand.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: (with difficulty)
dialog: Shinzon's Viceroy seems to have the
dialog: ability to reach into my thoughts.
dialog: I've become a liability... I
dialog: request to be relieved of my
dialog: duties.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Permission denied. If you can
dialog: possibly endure any more of these
dialog: assaults. I need you at my side.
dialog: Now more than ever I...
text: But before the words are out of his mouth... he begins to
dialog: dematerialize!
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (to comm)
dialog: Worf! Raise Shields !
text: But Picard is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. OVER ROMULUS - SPACE
text: The Scimitar cloaks.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIG - NIGHT
text: Picard stands in the Reman brig. His communicator pin has
dialog: been removed.
text: Beyond the security force field a ghoulish medical apparatus
text: is being prepared. A metal chair with laser scalpels, IV
text: tubes and hyposprays connected to it. Reman doctors work
text: over the mysterious chair.
text: Shinzon enters with the B-9 following. Shinzon stands on the
text: other side of the force field.
text: Picard notices something immediately. Tiny veins are now
text: visible on Shinzon's face; the faintest sign of an intricate
text: spider-web pattern of pale blue veins.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Hello, Jean Luc.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Why am I here?
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I was lonely...
text: (he realizes Picard is
text: staring at the veins on
dialog: his face)
dialog: Perhaps I'm not aging as well as
dialog: you did.
text: He nods to a guard. The guard deactivates the force field.
text: A Reman doctor enters and raises a hypospray toward Picard.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (resists)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I need a sample of your blood.
dialog: What do your Borg friends say?
text: Resistance is futile.
dialog: (maniacal laugh)
text: The Doctor takes a quick sample of Picard's blood as Picard
text: glances to the B-9.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Yes. The bait you couldn't refuse.
dialog: I learned there might be an
dialog: existing prototype from a
dialog: Cardassian historian, then went to
dialog: a great deal of trouble to find it
dialog: and scatter it about on Kolarus
dialog: III. I knew it would pique your
dialog: curiosity and conveniently make the
text: Enterprise the closest ship to
dialog: Romulus when I contacted Starfleet.
text: The Reman doctor leaves the cell. The force field is
text: reactivated. The doctor goes to the mysterious medical
text: apparatus and analyzes Picard's blood. As:
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: All of this so you could capture
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Don't be so vain. After we found
dialog: it, we made a few modifications.
text: An extra memory port, a hidden
dialog: transponder. Perhaps your eyes
dialog: will be a bit less confident when
dialog: you learn I've gained access to
dialog: Starfleet's communications
dialog: protocols. I now know the location
dialog: of your entire fleet...
dialog: (to B-9)
dialog: ... You may go.
dialog: B-9
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Out of my sight.
text: The B-9 obediently leaves the room as:
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Maybe I'll train it to do little
dialog: tricks for me like your robot does.
dialog: Or maybe I'll snap its ugly head
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: What's this all about?
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: It's about destiny, Picard. About
dialog: a Reman outcast who --
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: You're not Reman.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: And I'm not quite human. So what
dialog: am I? What do you see?
text: (he peers at Picard
dialog: deeply)
dialog: Do you see a life you might have
dialog: led? Lost youth never to be
dialog: recaptured?
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: I see a young man trying
text: desperately to deny who he is.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
text: I see an old man, set in his ways,
dialog: afraid to live without a uniform to
text: prop him up and a Starfleet
dialog: regulation to tell him what to do.
dialog: I see the man I will never be.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I won't defend my life to you.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: My life is meaningless as long as
dialog: you're alive. What am I while you
dialog: exist? A shadow? An enigma?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (stern)
dialog: If your issues are with me... This
dialog: has nothing to do with my ship and
dialog: nothing to do with the Federation.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Oh, but it does. We will no longer
dialog: bow like slaves before anyone. Not
dialog: the Romulans and not your mighty
dialog: Federation. We're a race bred for
dialog: war. For conquest.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Think about what you're doing,
dialog: Shinzon. Are you ready to plunge
text: the entire quadrant into war to
dialog: satisfy your own personal demons?
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: It amazes me how little you know
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I'm incapable of such an act, and
dialog: so are you.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I think the facts speak for
dialog: themselves. The same noble Picard
dialog: blood runs in our veins. Had you
dialog: lived my life, you'd be doing
dialog: exactly as I am. Look in the
dialog: mirror, and see yourself.
text: Shinzon looks at him deeply.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Consider that, Captain. I can
dialog: think of no greater torment for
dialog: you.
text: He turns to go.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: It's a mirror for you as well...
text: Shinzon turns back to him.
text: A beat. Picard gazes at him evenly.
text: Picard's probing gaze makes Shinzon a bit uneasy. He glances
text: to the ghoulish medical preparations.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Not for long, Captain.
dialog: (back to Picard)
dialog: I'm afraid you won't survive to
dialog: witness the victory of the echo
text: over the voice.
dialog: He goes.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: The ship is on Red Alert. Worf stands at tactical, muscles
text: coiled, hungry for action.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: No response to our hails.
text: Geordi is hard at work at the Science station. Riker stands
dialog: over him:
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: His cloak is perfect... no tachyon
text: emissions, no residual antiprotons.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Keep at it, Geordi. Find a way in.
text: Beverly arrives on the bridge, urgent. She carries a medical
dialog: padd.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: Will, I need to talk to you.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIG - NIGHT
text: Picard stands in his cell, peering at the edges of the
text: security force field, trying to spot any weakness.
text: Then the B-9 enters the brig, he holds a Reman disruptor
dialog: weapon.
dialog: B-9
dialog: (to Reman guard)
dialog: I am to take the prisoner to the
dialog: Praetor.
text: The Reman Guard deactivates the force field.
dialog: B-9
dialog: If you resist, I will incapacitate
dialog: you.
text: He leads Picard out.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - CORRIDORS - FOLLOWING
text: The B-9 leads Picard through the dark corridors, holding the
text: disruptor on him steadily. All the Remans they pass glare at
text: Picard with undisguised loathing.
text: The Viceroy approaches. Stops before them.
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: (to B-9)
dialog: Where are you taking him?
dialog: B-9
dialog: Praetor Shinzon wants him on the
dialog: bridge.
text: The Viceroy turns his malevolent gaze on Picard.
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: So, human... you've met your better
dialog: self!
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: What are you doing to Counsellor
dialog: Troi?
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: I'm preparing her for Shinzon... To
dialog: sooth him as she soothes you. To
text: stand at his side as she does at
dialog: yours.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: That will never happen.
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: Listen to him, android. Such a
text: small and weak creature. Yet he
text: roars so valiantly...
text: (he raises one taloned
text: claw and puts a sharp
text: fingernail on Picard's
dialog: chest)
dialog: It would take me but an instant to
dialog: tear that valiant heart from your
dialog: chest.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: There'll be another after me. And
dialog: another after that. You'll find
dialog: we're a resilient species.
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: I look forward to the sport.
dialog: (to the B-9, harshly)
dialog: Take him.
text: The B-9 prods Picard's back roughly with the disruptor.
text: Picard grimaces in pain
dialog: B-9
dialog: Move.
text: The Viceroy continues away down the corridor. The B-9 leads
text: Picard along.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Be careful of over-playing your
dialog: part, Commander!
text: And the audience now realizes it is Data pretending to be the
text: B-9 and rejoices.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Sorry, sir. I thought it added a
dialog: touch of reality to the
dialog: performance.
text: They are silent as they pass a few Reman guards. Then:
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: My mission was a success, sir. I
dialog: have discovered the source of the
dialog: Thalaron radiation.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Good work. The download?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: He believes he has our
dialog: communications protocols. But they
dialog: will give him inaccurate locations
dialog: for all Starfleet vessels.
text: Data assumes the B-9's posture again as they pass some some
dialog: Reman Warriors.
speaker_heading: DATA
text: Move, puny human animal.
text: They pass the Warriors.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: A bit less florid, Data.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Aye, sir... This way.
text: He leads Picard down the corridor.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - GENERATION CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Data leads Picard into a massive chamber that soars up like a
text: cathedral. It is the size of a small town.
text: The whole, cavernous chamber pulses with glowing green light.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: This entire ship is, essentially, a
text: flying Thalaron generator.
dialog: (he points up)
dialog: All its power relays lead to that
dialog: device.
text: High above them, at the very top of the chamber, is a
text: gigantic version of the spider-weapon we saw kill all the
text: Romulan Senators before. It is breathtaking.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: A weapon.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: It would appear so.
text: Data rotates his left hand and then slides it forward,
text: exposing a hidden compartment in his wrist. He removes a
text: small, silver disc. This is a cool new piece of Federation
text: technology called an ETU. (Emergency Transport Unit.)
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Geordi equipped me with the
dialog: prototype for the Emergency
dialog: Transport Unit. I recommend you
text: use it to return to the Enterprise.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: It'll only work for one of us.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: We'll find a way off together.
dialog: Recommendations?
speaker_heading: DATA
text: There is a shuttlebay 948 meters
dialog: from our current location.
text: Data inserts the ETU back into his wrist and they leave the
dialog: chamber.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: The Viceroy arrives on the bridge, stops.
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: Where's Picard?
text: Shinzon looks at him, confused.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - CORRIDORS - NIGHT
text: Security alert klaxons suddenly begin to howl and harsh Reman
text: commands are broadcast through the corridors.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: This way, sir!
text: They sprint down the twisting, dark corridors -- Reman
text: warriors suddenly appear before them! -- Data fires the
text: disruptor as Picard launches himself into them --
text: A fight -- Picard uses a dazzlinq series of Starfleet hand-
text: to-hand maneuvers -- he dramatically subdues the Remans.
text: More Reman warriors appear down the corridor. Picard grabs a
dialog: disruptor.
text: And instantly spins to fire a blazing disruptor. A battle
text: breaks out in the corridor -- the energy beams and explosions
text: illuminating the violent fire fight in strobe-like bursts.
text: They run to another corridor and finally arrive at the
text: shuttlebay door -- it does not open.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (looking at door security
dialog: panel)
text: It seems to have an encrypted
dialog: security system.
text: Reman warriors are closing in on them.
text: Data tosses his disruptor to Picard -- Picard catches it and
text: instantly spins and fires -- he uses both disruptors to fire
text: down both ends of the corridor like a Western sheriff --
dialog: keeping the Remans at bay --
text: As Data uses both hands to punch numbers into the shuttlebay
text: door security panel at an amazing rate --
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Alacrity would be appreciated,
dialog: Commander.
speaker_heading: DATA
text: They are trying to override the
dialog: access codes. Reman is really a
dialog: most complex language with
dialog: pictographs representing certain
dialog: verb roots and --
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: While I find that fascinating,
dialog: Data, we really need that Goddamned
dialog: door open!
text: The shuttlebay door slides open.
text: Picard lays down a blistering barrage of cover fire as he and
text: Data duck into the shuttlebay.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - SHUTTLEBAY - FOLLOWING
text: When the door closes behind them, Picard turns and fires a
text: disruptor blast -- sealing the door mechanism.
text: They turn to face...
text: A fleet of very small shuttles. They are uniquely designed.
text: Extremely compact and stream-lined. A disruptor turret on
dialog: each.
text: They move toward one as:
speaker_heading: DATA
text: According to the ship's manifest
dialog: they are Scorpion-class attack
dialog: fliers.
text: They quickly climb a Scorpion.
scene_heading: INT. SCORPION COCKPIT - SHUTTLEBAY - FOLLOWING
text: The cockpit of the Scorpion is cramped. Picard climbs into
text: the pilot's position. Data assumes the gunner's position.
text: They see disruptor fire trying to burn through the door to
text: the shuttlebay -- Picard powers up the Scorpion as:
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (trying to figure out the
dialog: controls)
dialog: What do you imagine this is?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Port thrusters, sir. Would you
dialog: like me to drive?
text: Picard shoots him a look and presses some controls. The
text: Scorpion lifts off. Hovers a few feet over the deck. Picard
text: elegantly swings it around toward the large shuttlebay
dialog: external doors as:
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Can you open the shuttlebay doors?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (working controls)
dialog: Affirmative, sir. Negative, sir.
dialog: They have instigated security
text: overrides and erected a force field
text: around the external portals.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Well then... only one way to go.
text: He swings the Scorpion around again so it is facing the doors
text: they came through, the doors back into the ship.
dialog: Data is dubious.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Do you think this is a wise course
dialog: of action?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: We're about to find out... Power up
text: disruptors and fire on my mark.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Ready, Captain.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Fire!
text: And the Scorpion's forward disruptors fire! The doors into
text: the ship explode! Picard powers forward!
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR CORRIDORS - FOLLOWING
text: And the Scorpion shoots into the corridor, past the stunned
text: Remans. Picard banks sharply -- careens off the far side of
text: the corridor but keeps control.
text: The Scorpion zooms down the corridor.
scene_heading: INT. SCORPION COCKPIT - SCIMITAR - FOLLOWING
text: Picard is concentrating intensely -- it is like trying to
dialog: control the world's fastest roller coaster.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - CORRIDORS - FOLLOWING
text: The Scorpion banks around a corner --it zigs and zags through
text: the ship at breakneck speed --
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - OBSERVATION LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: The doors to the observation lounge EXPLODE in.
text: The Scorpion SHOOTS into the room and up --
text: A disruptor blast SHATTERS the etched glass dome at the top
dialog: of the room --
text: And the Scorpion ZOOMS triumphantly into space!
scene_heading: EXT. OVER ROMULUS - SPACE
text: The Scorpion seems to appear from nowhere -- slicing through
text: the cloak of invisibility around the Scimitar --
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: The crew sees the Scorpion appear on the viewscreen.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Worf! Lock on transporters!
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Shinzon sees the Scorpion as well.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Tractor beam! Now!
scene_heading: EXT. OVER ROMULUS - SPACE
text: But they are too late -- the Scorpion dematerializes --
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - CARGO BAY - FOLLOWING
text: And materializes in one of the Enterprise's cargo bays.
text: Picard and Data climb out --
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to comm)
dialog: Number One, emergency warp!
scene_heading: EXT. OVER ROMULUS - FOLLOWING
text: The Enterprise dramatically powers forward and up -- rolling
text: over in a great arc going into warp while still upside down.
text: It disappears in a blaze of light. Fade to...
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: Shinzon sits in his command chair as the ship streaks through
text: space. He speaks on viewscreen with his Romulan
text: collaborators. His face is even more finely veined now.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: The Enterprise is immaterial! They
dialog: won't make it back to Federation
dialog: space.
speaker_heading: SURAN (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: (angry)
dialog: This has gone far enough!
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I thought we discussed patience,
dialog: Commander.
speaker_heading: SURAN (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: And mine is wearing thin, young
dialog: man! We supported you because you
dialog: promised action. And yet you delay
dialog: and you waste your time playing
dialog: games with Picard while --
text: Shinzon stands and briskly pulls down his uniform tunic
dialog: exactly as we've seen Picard do a thousand times.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Commander Suran, the games are
dialog: over. In two days the Federation
dialog: will be crippled beyond repair.
dialog: Does that satisfy you?
speaker_heading: SURAN (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: (grim)
dialog: For the moment.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: (brutal)
dialog: And when I return... you and I
dialog: shall have a little talk about
dialog: showing proper respect!
scene_heading: INT. ROMULAN SENATE - CHAMBER - FOLLOWING
text: The viewscreen picture of Shinzon snaps out. The Romulan sit
text: for a silent beat.
speaker_heading: DONATRA
dialog: Does anyone in this room harbor any
dialog: illusions about what he means by
dialog: "showing proper respect"?
speaker_heading: TAL'AURA
text: What's happening to his face?
speaker_heading: SURAN
dialog: I want opinions. He is clearly out
dialog: of his mind.
speaker_heading: SURAN
dialog: But can he complete his mission?
speaker_heading: DONATRA
dialog: Should he?
text: They look at her.
speaker_heading: DONATRA
dialog: Are you prepared to have your hands
dialog: drenched in blood? He'll show them
dialog: no mercy. And his sins will mark
dialog: us all for generations. Is that
dialog: what you truly want, Romulans?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: DONATRA
dialog: I think you should consider that
dialog: question now -- or else you may
dialog: have a lifetime to think about it
dialog: in the dilithium mines.
text: She turns and stalks out.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - READY ROOM - NIGHT
text: Beverly sits with Picard and Riker.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: The more I studied his DNA the more
dialog: confusing it got. Finally I could
dialog: only come to one conclusion...
dialog: Shinzon was created with temporal
dialog: RNA sequencing. He was designed so
dialog: that at a certain point his aging
dialog: process could be accelerated to
dialog: reach your age more quickly, so he
dialog: could replace you.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: But the Romulans abandoned the
dialog: plan...
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: As a result the temporal sequencing
dialog: was never activated. Remember, he
dialog: was supposed to replace you at
dialog: nearly your current age. He was
dialog: engineered to skip thirty years of
dialog: life. But since the RNA sequencing
dialog: was never activated, his cellular
dialog: structure has started to break
text: down. He's dying.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Dying?
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: He wasn't designed to live a
dialog: complete, human life span.
speaker_heading: PlCARD
dialog: Can anything be done for him?
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: Not without a complete
dialog: myelodysplastic infusion from the
dialog: only donor with compatible DNA.
dialog: But that would mean draining all
dialog: your blood.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: That's why he went to all that
dialog: trouble to capture you.
speaker_heading: PlCARD
dialog: How long does he have?
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: I can't be sure but the rate of
text: decay seems to be accelerating.
dialog: Picard considers this.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Then he'll come for me as a donor.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - DATA'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: Data stands before the B-9.
text: The B-9 has been deactivated, he stands lifeless and
text: immobile. Data gazes deeply into his double's identical
text: features. Then he opens a panel in the B-9's neck and uses a
text: small instrument to activate the android's head.
text: The B-9's eyes spring to life. He looks at Data.
dialog: B-9
dialog: Brother. I cannot move.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: No, I have only activated your
dialog: cognitive and communication
dialog: subroutines.
dialog: B-9
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Because you are dangerous.
dialog: B-9
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: You have been programmed to gather
dialog: information that can be used
dialog: against this ship.
dialog: B-9
dialog: I do not understand.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: I know.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Do you know anything about
dialog: Shinzon's plans against the
dialog: Federation?
dialog: B-9
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Do you have any knowledge of the
dialog: tactical abilities of his ship?
dialog: B-9
dialog: No. Can I move now?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: No. I must deactivate you.
dialog: B-9
dialog: For how long?
speaker_heading: DATA
text: Indefinitely.
dialog: B-9
dialog: How long is that?
text: A beat. Data gazes at the B-9 deeply.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: A long time, brother.
text: Data reaches forward and deactivates his brother.
text: The B-9's eyes lose the spark of life. He stands, frozen.
text: Data stands before him.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - OBSERVATION LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: Picard is gathered with his senior officers.
text: A computer display illustrates Geordi's words about the power
text: of Shinzon's weapon. We see a chilling graphic of the
text: Biogenic Pulse beam spreading around a ship, then a whole
dialog: planet.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: It's called a Cascading Biogenic
dialog: Pulse. The unique properties of
dialog: Thalaron radiation allow the energy
dialog: beam to expand almost without
dialog: limits. Depending on the radiant
dialog: intensity it could encompass a
dialog: ship... or a planet.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: And that's exactly what he's going
dialog: to do.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: His hatred of the Federation is
dialog: apparent. He would have built a
dialog: weapon of that scope for one
text: reason. He is going after Earth.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Oh boy. Destroy humanity and the
dialog: Federation is crippled...
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: And the Romulans invade.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: How can you be certain?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I know how he thinks.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (to Geordi)
dialog: And there's no way to penetrate his
dialog: cloak?
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (frustrated)
text: He could pass within 10 meters of
dialog: every ship in Starfleet and they'd
dialog: never know.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: But we do have one advantage.
dialog: (to Picard)
dialog: He needs your blood to live. He
dialog: might come after you first.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I'm counting on it... We've been
text: ordered to head to sector 3274.
text: Starfleet is diverting the fleet to
dialog: meet us there.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Strength in numbers?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: We can only hope so.
text: A beat as he looks at them gravely.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: He can't be allowed to use that
dialog: weapon. All other concerns are
dialog: secondary. Do you understand me?
text: Riker knows exactly what Picard is saying: the Enterprise is
dialog: expendable.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Picard stands. Presses a comm button.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: All hands. Battle stations.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - VARIOUS ANGLES
text: We see a montage of the Enterprise preparing for battle.
text: Crew members assume battle stations. Weapons locker ring
text: open and Security Officers hand out sidearms and phaser
dialog: rifles.
text: Geordi and his Engineers establish emergency force field
text: around the warp core.
text: Riker and Worf brief officers on tactical plans...
text: Data works at the bridge Science Station, analyzing data on
dialog: Shinzon's ship.
text: Picard walks through the corridors, he stops to talk with
text: apprehensive young ensign.
dialog: As we hear:
speaker_heading: PICARD (V.O.)
dialog: Captain's Personal Log.
text: Supplemental. We're heading toward
text: Federation space at maximum warp.
dialog: The crew has responded with the
dialog: dedication I've come to expect of
dialog: them. And like a thousand other
dialog: commanders on a thousand other
dialog: battlefields throughout history, I
dialog: wait for the dawn.
text: The montage ends as...
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - SICKBAY - NIGHT
text: Picard enters sickbay.
text: Dr. Crusher and her medical staff are hard at work. They
text: position anti-grav gurneys and ready medical supplies.
text: Security officers are handing out phasers.
text: Picard watches the grim preparations. Beverly goes to him,
text: bolstering her phaser.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: To seek out new life and new
dialog: civilizations. Zephyr Cochran's
dialog: own words. When Charles Darwin set
text: out on the H.M.S. Beagle, on his
dialog: journey into the unknown... he
text: sailed without a single musket.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: That was another time.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: How far we've come. Let me know if
dialog: you need anything.
dialog: He starts to go --
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: Jean Luc...
dialog: (he stops)
dialog: ... He is not you.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: What makes us who we are, Doctor?
dialog: Can you tell me that?
text: She watches him go.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: Shinzon sits in his command chair, lined with veins now.
text: His Viceroy again has his hand pressed to Shinzon's chest.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: How long?
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: A matter of hours now --
text: Shinzon shoves him away. Stands.
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: If you don't begin the procedure
dialog: soon you'll never make it back to
dialog: Romulus. You shouldn't have
dialog: delayed. You should have killed
dialog: Picard the moment --
text: Shinzon slams his command chair in fury. The Viceroy watches
text: him carefully.
text: A beat. Shinzon regains his composure. He sits again in his
text: command chair.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: How long until we reach the Rift?
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: (checks a console)
text: Seven minutes.
text: Shinzon leans back, satisfied. And looks at the viewscreen.
text: The image on the viewscreen is shocking.
text: The Enterprise only a few hundred yards away.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTERPRISE - SPACE
text: The Enterprise zooms through space.
text: Completely unaware of the predator directly above it.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - ASTROMETRICS - NIGHT
text: Data is at work in Astrometry. Cartographic projections of
text: star systems ebb and flow on a large screen before him.
text: Picard enters.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Show me our current position.
text: The images before them quickly change to show another sector
text: and a blip representing the Enterprise.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: How long until we reach the fleet?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: At our current velocity we will
text: arrive at sector 3274 in
text: approximately 40 minutes.
text: The images before them change to show sector 3274. We see
text: blips denoting Starfleet ships moving into position.
text: Picard gazes at the projection of stars before them for a
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: "For now we see but through a glass
dialog: darkly..." He said he's a mirror.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Of you?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: I do not agree. Although you share
dialog: the same genetic structure, the
dialog: events of your life have created
dialog: unique individual.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: But so much is the same. On a
dialog: biological level he is... and I
dialog: will not accept the idea that there
dialog: is nothing I can do. I have a
dialog: responsibility to try to make a
dialog: human connection with him.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: He would deny a "human" connection
dialog: is possible. He considers himself
dialog: entirely Reman.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: He may have already rejected my
dialog: humanity, but you also have a twin.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: No, sir, it is not possible. The
dialog: B-9 is physically identical to me,
dialog: although his neural pathways are
dialog: not as advanced. But even if they
dialog: were, he would not be me.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: How can you be sure?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: I aspire, sir. To be better than I
dialog: am. The B-9 does not. Nor does
dialog: Shinzon.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: We'll never know what Shinzon might
dialog: have been. Had he stood where I
dialog: did as a child? And looked up at
dialog: the stars.
text: Picard's words linger in the air for a moment.
text: Then the projections before them sputter with static for a
text: moment. Flickering.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: (working controls)
dialog: We are passing through the Bassen
dialog: Rift. The projections will return
dialog: when we have cleared it.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: It's interfering with our uplink
dialog: from Starfleet cartography?
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Yes, sir. The Rift effects all
dialog: long-range communications --
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (urgent, to comm)
dialog: Commander Riker, evasive maneuvers!
dialog: Too late.
text: The ship QUAKES -- a photon torpedo blast -- the Enterprise
dialog: is under attack!
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIFT - SPACE
text: Disruptor beams appear from nowhere -- streaking through
text: space -- slamming into the Enterprise's warp drive. The
text: Enterprise recoils, dangerously dropping out of warp in a
text: furious lurch.
text: The Bassen Rift is a strange area of electromagnetic
text: distortion. Energy patterns crackle through space.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Shinzon sits in his command chair. The viewscreen shows the
text: Enterprise before him.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
text: Target weapons systems and shields.
dialog: I don't want the Enterprise
dialog: destroyed.
text: On the viewscreen, we see disruptor blasts streaking from the
text: Scimitar -- slicing into the Enterprise.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Can you learn to see in the dark,
dialog: Captain?
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Picard and Data emerge from the turbolift as the ship
speaker_heading: ROCKS --
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Report.
speaker_heading: RIKER
text: He's firing through his cloak. We
dialog: can't get a lock.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: (at engineering station)
dialog: He disabled our warp drive with his
dialog: first shot. We've only got
dialog: impulse.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Long range communication is
dialog: impossible as long as we're in the
dialog: rift --
text: The ship SHUDDERS again --
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: Worf, prepare a full phaser spread,
dialog: zero elevation. All banks on my
dialog: mark. Scan for shield impacts and
text: stand by photon torpedoes.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Aye, sir
text: The ship ROCKS again.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Fire!
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIFT - SPACE
text: The Enterprise fires her phasers simultaneously -- the energy
text: beams shoot into space --
text: And the Scimitar's shape is momentarily illuminated as one of
text: its shields is hit.
text: Photon torpedoes immediately shoot from the Enterprise -- but
text: pass harmlessly through the area where the Scimitar's shields
text: were momentarily illuminated.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: You're too slow, old man.
dialog: (entering commands in his
dialog: chair console)
text: Attack pattern Shinzon Theta.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIFT - SPACE
text: The invisible Warbird makes a dramatic run straight over the
text: Enterprise -- firing steadily down as it sweeps past it; is a
dialog: brutal, close range assault --
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: The bridge SHAKES violently under the ruthless attack--
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: We are losing dorsal shields --
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Full axis rotation to port! Fire
dialog: all ventral phasers!
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIFT - SPACE
text: The Enterprise instantly complies -- Rolling completely over
text: to the left, firing phasers up as Shinzon's invisible ship
dialog: streaks above it --
text: A few lucky phaser shots from the bottom of the Enterprise --
text: now shooting upward -- manage to momentarily illuminate the
text: bottom shields of the Scimitar as it sweeps past above.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
speaker_heading: WORF
text: Minimal damage to the Scimitar.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (to Helm)
text: Defensive pattern Kirk Epsilon.
dialog: Geordi, get those shields online.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to comm)
dialog: Counselor Troi, report to the
dialog: bridge.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Unless we can disable his cloak
dialog: we're just going to be firing in
text: the dark.
speaker_heading: PlCARD
dialog: Agreed.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Sir, we're being hailed.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: On screen.
text: Shinzon appears on the viewscreen. He is on the bridge of
dialog: the Scimitar.
speaker_heading: SHINZON (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: Captain Picard, will you join me in
dialog: your Ready Room?
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - READY ROOM
text: Picard stands in his Ready Room. A flickering light shimmers
text: across the room. And a perfect holographic representation of
text: Shinzon appears before him.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: You can't trace my holographic
dialog: emitters, Captain. So don't
dialog: bother. And you can't contact
dialog: Starfleet. We're quite alone.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: We are.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: It's just the two of us now, Jean
dialog: Luc, as it should be... Your ship
dialog: and mine... You and me.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Why are you here?
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: To accept your surrender. I can
dialog: clearly destroy you at any time.
dialog: Lower your shields and allow me to
dialog: transport you to my ship.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: And what of the Enterprise?
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I have little interest in your
dialog: quaint vessel, Captain. If the
dialog: Enterprise will withdraw to a
dialog: distance of one hundred light
dialog: years, it will not be harmed.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: You know that's not possible.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I know... you'll all gladly die to
dialog: save your home world.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (intense)
dialog: Look at me, Shinzon! Do you feel
dialog: the blood pumping inside you? Your
dialog: hands, your eyes, your nature, are
text: the same as mine. Buried deep
dialog: inside you beneath the years of
dialog: pain and anger is a capacity you've
dialog: forgotten. It's the one way our
dialog: mirror can reflect the two of us
dialog: exactly because it's the very thing
dialog: that truly defines us. To be human
dialog: is to try to make yourself better
dialog: than you are.
text: Picard looks at him deeply, relentlessly refusing to give up.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I know you as well as I know
dialog: myself, Shinzon. There was a time
dialog: you looked at the stars and dreamed
dialog: of what might be.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Long ago.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Not so long.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
text: Childish dreams, Captain. Lost in
dialog: the dilithium mines of Remus. I'm
dialog: what you see now.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I see more than what you are.
text: Picard steps toward him.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I see what you could be.
text: Shinzon slowly backs away as Picard continues to move toward
text: him relentlessly.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: The man who is Jean Luc Picard and
dialog: Shinzon of Remus won't exterminate
dialog: the population of an entire planet!
dialog: He is better than that!
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: He is what his life has made him!
text: Shinzon is in turmoil. Picard senses this. He proceeds
dialog: quietly:
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: And what will he do with that life?
text: Shinzon looks at him, questioning.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: If I were to beam to your ship...
dialog: let you complete your medical
dialog: procedure, give you a full life...
dialog: what would you do with the time?
text: Shinzon doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: You once asked me about your past.
dialog: Your history. When I was your age,
dialog: I burned with ambition. I was very
dialog: proud and my pride often hurt
dialog: people. I made every wrong choice
dialog: a young man can... But one thing
dialog: saved me... I had a father who
dialog: believed in me. Who took the time
dialog: to teach me a better way. You have
dialog: the same father.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: So if I gave you my life, what
dialog: would you do with it? Would you
dialog: spend the years in a blaze of
dialog: hatred as you are now? Or could
dialog: you change? Could you try to
dialog: remember a mother's touch you never
dialog: felt? A father's words you never
dialog: heard? Could you do that?
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: But you want to.
text: Shinzon doesn't respond. But Picard knows he has made a
text: connection. For this brief moment reconciliation is
text: possible. He proceeds quietly:
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Let me tell you about our father.
text: Shinzon looks at him with an aching sadness. What might have
dialog: been.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: That's your life... not mine.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
text: It's too late.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: You can still make a choice! Make
dialog: the right one now!
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I have no choices! I can't fight
dialog: what I am!
text: Shinzon backs away, unable to fight his nature:
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I'll show you my true nature. Your
dialog: nature. And as Earth dies --
dialog: remember that I'm forever Shinzon
dialog: of Remus! And my voice will echo
dialog: through time long after yours has
text: faded to a dim memory.
text: Shinzon ends the transmission and his holographic image
text: flickers and fades away.
text: Picard stands alone, drained.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Shinzon strides quickly to his command chair, barking to his
dialog: Viceroy:
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Disable their weapons!
text: But before the Viceroy can move the Scimitar suddenly ROCKS
text: -- attacked from somewhere! Shinzon is stunned.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Report!
speaker_heading: REMAN OFFICER
dialog: Two ships decloaking, sir!
dialog: Romulan!
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Picard strides to his command chair as two Romulan Warbirds
text: appear on the viewscreen. Deanna is now on the bridge.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Believe it or not, I think the
text: cavalry has arrived.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: We're being hailed.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: On screen.
text: On the viewscreen: Commander Donatra shimmers into view.
speaker_heading: DONATRA (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: Captain Picard, Commander Donatra
dialog: of the Warbird Valdore. Might we
dialog: be of assistance?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Your timing is impeccable,
dialog: Commander.
speaker_heading: DONATRA (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: The Empire considers this a matter
dialog: of internal security. We regret
dialog: you've become involved.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: When this is over, I owe you a
dialog: drink.
text: On the viewscreen, the Valdore ROCKS from a disruptor blast.
speaker_heading: DONATRA (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: Romulan ale, Captain. Let's get to
dialog: work. Valdore out.
text: The transmission ends.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Worf)
dialog: You heard the lady. Get to work.
dialog: Move your ass!
text: (The Romulan Warbirds must remain decloaked to fire weapons
text: and are visible throughout the battle.)
text: Although Shinzon's ship is still cloaked, the steady barrage
text: of triangulated phaser and disruptor fire from the Enterprise
text: and the two Romulan vessels illuminate its shields with
dialog: impacts.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Worf)
dialog: Coordinate our attack with the
text: Valdore's tactical officer.
dialog: Triangulate fire on any shield
dialog: impacts.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Aye, sir.
text: The Enterprise ROCKS from a photon torpedo impact --
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Aft shields are down to forty
dialog: percent.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (to Helm)
dialog: Keep our bow to the Scimitar.
text: Auxiliary power to forward shields.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Shinzon sits quite calmly in his command chair.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
text: Target the flanking Warbird. All
text: forward disruptor banks on my mark.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIFT - SPACE
text: It is a chaos of starships as the Enterprise and the two
text: Warbirds fire steadily -- illuminating the Scimitar's
dialog: shields.
text: The ships sweep around one another, maneuvering for position,
text: firing constantly. The battlefield seems impossibly crowded
text: as the four vessels evade and attack; as phaser and disruptor
text: beams criss-cross space.
text: Then the Scimitar unleashes a devastating volley... all her
text: forward disruptor banks fire at once --
text: They literally cut one of the Romulan ships in half -- a huge
text: EXPLOSION -- debris SHOOTS across space and SLAMS VIOLENTLY
text: off the Enterprise's forward shields -- !
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
dialog: The ship ROCKS dangerously!
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Forward shields are down to ten
dialog: percent.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (to Helm)
dialog: Bring us about!
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIFT - SPACE
text: The Enterprise quickly turns about -- firing her aft phasers,
text: as the Valdore sweeps toward Shinzon's ship, firing --
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
speaker_heading: SHINZON
text: Let her pursue -- drop cloak on the
text: aft port quadrant and prepare for
text: full emergency stop.
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: (startled)
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: You heard me.
scene_heading: INT. VALDORE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Donatra leans forward in her command chair, looking at
text: viewscreen. She sees part of the Scimitar's rear cloakning
dialog: fall away --
speaker_heading: DONATRA
dialog: She's losing her cloak! Stand by
dialog: all forward disruptor banks!
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
speaker_heading: VICEROY
text: She's almost on us.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Not yet.
text: On the viewscreen we see the Valdore in pursuit, gaining.
text: The Reman crew is getting nervous.
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: Praetor...
speaker_heading: SHINZON
text: FULL STOP AND FIRE !
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIFT - SPACE
text: The Scimitar LURCHES to a stop! Too fast for the Valdore to
text: respond in time -- it flies over the Scimitar --
dialog: And the Scimitar fires!
text: A devastating volley of photon torpedoes rip into the
text: underbelly and aft of the Valdore as it streaks past --
text: The Valdore careens out of control and then slows to a stop.
text: It floats dead in space.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Restore the aft cloak.and bring us
dialog: about.
text: He leans back in his command chair, ready for the final
dialog: battle.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: A bloody Commander Donatra is talking to Picard on
text: viewscreen. Her bridge is in ruins.
speaker_heading: DONATRA (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: I'm afraid that drink will have to
dialog: wait, Captain.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Do you have life support?
speaker_heading: DONATRA (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: For the moment. But we're dead in
dialog: the water.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Understood --
dialog: Then the ship ROCKS --
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIFT - SPACE
text: The invisible Scimitar sweeps past for a particularly brutal
text: assault -- disruptor blasts streak along the Enterprise's
text: hull -- a huge, ripping series of explosions tear away
dialog: several decks of the Enterprise --
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: We have lost structural integrity
dialog: on decks twelve through seventeen,
dialog: sections four through ten.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
text: Emergency force fields are holding.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Evacuate those decks and reroute
text: field power to forward shields.
dialog: Deanna goes to Picard:
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: Captain -- I might have a way to
dialog: find them.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Counselor?
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: The one thing he may have forgotten
dialog: in the course of battle: me.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Make it so.
text: She quickly goes to Worf at tactical.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: Shinzon is entering tactical commands in his chair console.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Prepare a lateral run -- all
text: starboard disruptors.
text: Then the viceroy suddenly stiffens, alarm in his eyes --
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: No!
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Deanna concentrates furiously, eyes closed. She stands with
text: Worf, her hand slowly moving his over the photon torpedo
text: targeting display.
text: It is a wrenching experience as she probes with her thoughts.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: He's resisting me.
text: She is in pain.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: The Viceroy concentrates, trying to block her probing
dialog: thoughts.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: What is it?! Focus on your job!!!
speaker_heading: VICEROY
dialog: She is here.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Deanna continues to move Worf's hand over the targeting
text: display. She is sweating, panting for breath, concentrating
dialog: fiercely.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: The Viceroy resists her -- their psyches lock in battle.
text: Deanna appears in the Viceroy's mind, she glares at him.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: Remember me?
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Her eyes snap open --
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: NOW!
text: Worf instantly fires a full volley of photon torpedoes.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIFT - SPACE
text: A full spread of photon torpedoes shoot through space.
dialog: And connect! A series of devastating impacts -- and the
dialog: Scimitar's cloak fails!
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Picard stands quickly.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Savage them!
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIFT - SPACE
dialog: And the Enterprise attacks!
text: It fires all weapons simultaneously -- phasers and photon
text: torpedoes slam into the Scimitar! Shinzon's ship responds
text: quickly -- maneuvering for position and returning fire!
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: The bridge has been damaged, sparks sputter through the
text: darkness and debris litters the deck.
text: Shinzon eyes reflect a growing sense of desperation.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: (spinning to his Viceroy)
dialog: Prepare a boarding party -- BRING
dialog: ME PICARD!
text: The viceroy strides out as Shinzon spins to another officer.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Get the cloak back! And target
dialog: shield coordinates beta three. All
dialog: disruptors. Fire!
text: On the viewscreen, we see disruptor beams focusing on a tiny
text: part of the Enterprise's lower shields, slamming into them.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Captain, we have lost ventral
text: shielding on deck twenty nine.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Divert power and compensate --
text: An alarm klaxon suddenly rings through the bridge.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: Intruder alert!
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Let's go.
text: Riker and Worf quickly head toward the turbolift as:
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: (to comm)
dialog: Security detail to deck twenty
dialog: nine.
text: Data immediately assumes Worf's position at tactical.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - LOWER DECKS - NIGHT
text: Riker and Worf stride with a SECURITY DETAIL through the
text: cramped lower decks.
text: A sudden disruptor blast stops them cold! The Viceroy and
text: his invasion force of a dozen Reman Warriors are down the
dialog: corridor!
text: The Enterprise crew returns fire. It is a blazing phaser
text: battle, Worf leading his men with Klingon courage. They
text: steadily advance in the face of the blistering disruptor
dialog: fire --
text: They are getting the upper hand when Riker sees the Viceroy
dialog: escape into a Jefferies tube --
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Worf.
text: Worf instantly dives into the corridor -- landing hard and
text: sliding forward on his stomach all the while firing a steady
text: burst from his phaser rifle.
text: Riker uses the cover to dive after the Viceroy, following him
text: into the dark Jefferies tube, intent on destroying the man
text: who has been tormenting his wife --
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: The Scimitar sweeps into view on the viewscreen -- filling
text: the screen -- and launches a ferocious volley of photon
dialog: torpedoes.
text: A huge EXPLOSION as the viewscreen and some of the forward
text: bridge are BLOWN APART -- the Helm Officer is SUCKED INTO
text: SPACE before a flickering emergency force field springs into
dialog: position --
text: Deanna races to assume the helm --
text: Picard can now see his enemy directly through the gaping hole
text: in the ship's hull -- he sees the Scimitar banking for
text: another attack run as part of the ship disappears --
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: He's getting his cloak back. We
dialog: have exhausted our compliment of
text: photon torpedoes. Phaser banks are
dialog: down to four percent.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: What if we target all phasers in a
dialog: concentrated attack?
speaker_heading: DATA
text: The Scimitar's shields are still at
dialog: seventy percent. It would make no
dialog: difference, sir.
dialog: Picard thinks.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: They're stopping...
text: Through the hole in the hull, Picard sees the Scimitar slowly
text: turning. Slowly advancing. They see another part of the
text: Scimitar disappear, the cloak returning.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: What's he doing?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (grim)
dialog: He wants to look me in the eye.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - JEFFERIES TUBE - FOLLOWING
text: Below decks, Riker stalks the Viceroy through a labyrinthine
text: series of access tunnels. It is like a scene from ALIEN.
text: The flickering half-light and red emergency strobes of the
text: crippled ship make this an ominous sequence. The Viceroy is
text: in his element, used to the perpetual night of the Reman
text: Homeworld, he can see in the dark.
text: Riker moves through the darkness, hunting for the Viceroy.
text: He stops, phaser ready. He peers into the dark tunnel ahead
text: of him. Sees nothing. We tilt up and see...
text: The Viceroy clinging to the ceiling directly above Riker!
text: Hidden in the darkness. The Viceroy attacks! -- diving down
text: on Riker -- his lethal Reman knife slashing through the
dialog: darkness --
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Picard stands... watching the Scimitar maneuver into
text: position. Large parts of it are now cloaked.
text: It stops. Only a few hundred yards from the Enterprise, its
text: great prow almost filling the gaping hole at the front of the
dialog: bridge.
text: Picard thinks, his mind racing. Then it comes to him in a
dialog: flash:
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: He thinks he knows exactly what I'm
dialog: going to do...
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: We've got him!
text: He sits in his command chair and begins quickly entering
text: command instructions in his chair console.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Shinzon, supremely confident, leans back in his command
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Open a channel.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Picard is still entering commands in his chair console.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: We are being hailed.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: Deanna, stand by.
dialog: (to Data)
dialog: Open a channel.
speaker_heading: SHINZON (V.O.)
dialog: I hope you're still alive, Jean
dialog: Luc.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I am.
speaker_heading: SHINZON (V.O.)
dialog: Don't you think it's time to
dialog: surrender? I'll have my cloak back
dialog: in a matter of minutes and your
dialog: poor ship is shot to pieces. Why
dialog: should the rest of your crew have
dialog: to die?
text: Picard continues to enter command codes -- transmits them to
text: Deanna at helm -- she receives the commands, nods. All of
text: this as Picard buys some time:
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I never told you about my first
dialog: Academy evaluation, did I? I
dialog: received very high marks for my
dialog: studies. But I was found lacking
dialog: in certain other areas.
dialog: Personality traits, you might say.
dialog: In particular I was thought to be
dialog: extremely...
text: (he glares up at the prow
dialog: of the Scimitar)
text: ... over-confident.
text: Picard indicates for Data to end the communication. Then:
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Geordi, put 211 power to the
dialog: engines. Take it from life support
dialog: if you have to -- everything you
dialog: can give me.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: Aye, sir.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Deanna, on my mark.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: Ready, sir!
text: Picard leans forward in his chair:
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (on comm)
dialog: All hands, brace for impact!
dialog: (to Deanna)
speaker_heading: ENGAGE.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIFT - SPACE
text: The Enterprise powers forward in a final thrust -- !
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Shinzon sees it coming -- utterly shocked -- bolts up --
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: HARD TO PORT !
dialog: Too late.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIFT - SPACE
text: A massive COLLISION as the Enterprise SLAMS into the Scimitar
text: -- as it SMASHES and GRINDS into Shinzon's ship --
dialog: The Scimitar REELS --
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
dialog: Everyone goes FLYING!
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIFT - SPACE
text: The two great ships are now locked together, slowly rotating
text: in space.
text: The forward part of the Enterprise's saucer is enmeshed in
text: Shinzon's ship; two scorpions with their claws locked.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Shinzon stands in the ruins of his bridge. Many of his
text: bridge crew are now dead.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Divert all power to engines. Full
dialog: reverse!
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIFT - SPACE
text: Every part of the Enterprise ROCKS -- a great lurch as the
text: Scimitar begins to tear itself free -- backing away -- a
text: deafening shriek of metal -- both ships are being torn to
text: pieces in the process -- but it is working -- the Scimitar
text: is ripping free, wrenching itself loose.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - JEFFERIES TUBES - FOLLOWING
text: The Jefferies tube SHUDDERS as the Scimitar continues to tear
text: itself free -- Riker and the Viceroy careen through the tube.
text: The Viceroy recovers quickly and coils for a final attack.
text: Riker sees that an access plate has been loosened in the
text: collision -- he desperately rips it away -- knowing the
dialog: relays behind will provide him with the advantage he needs --
text: Bright light strobes from the relays and the Viceroy is
text: momentarily blinded -- Riker uses this opportunity to attack!
text: He dives forward -- slamming into the Viceroy -- they both
text: tumble into a long, vertical access tunnel -- they fall!
text: Riker shoots out a hand and grabs a ladder -- the Viceroy,
text: grabs onto Riker, his talons digging into his uniform -- a
dialog: long drop below them!
text: Riker forces the Viceroy's head back -- away from him -- a
dialog: brutal struggle --
text: Riker glares at him.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Don't worry -- Hell is dark.
text: Riker uses every ounce of strength he has left -- pushes the
dialog: Viceroy off him --
text: The Viceroy falls down the long tunnel -- to his death.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: The whole Enterprise bridge QUAKES as the Scimitar continues
dialog: to pull itself free --
text: Picard stands, steadying himself on his command chair.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Data, I need you.
dialog: Data joins Picard as:
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Computer. Auto-destruct sequence
dialog: Omega. Zero time delay. Recognize
text: voice pattern Jean Luc Picard.
dialog: Authorization Alpha Alpha Three
dialog: Zero Five --
speaker_heading: COMPUTER (V.O.)
text: Auto-destruct is off-line.
text: Then the ship gives a final LURCH. The Scimitar is free.
text: An eerie moment of silence after the explosive tearing and
dialog: grinding.
text: Picard watches through the gaping hole in the hull as the
text: Scimitar backs away. Another section of the Scimitar
text: disappears. Shinzon almost has his cloak back.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Shinzon stares at the Enterprise.
text: A wave of sickness overcomes him for a moment, he doubles
text: over. We actually see more veins appearing on his face.
text: Time is running out.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Target disruptors. Destroy them.
speaker_heading: REMAN OFFICER
dialog: Disruptors are off-line, sir.
text: A beat. Shinzon looks up.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Deploy the weapon. Kill everything
text: on that ship. Then set a course
dialog: for Earth.
speaker_heading: REMAN OFFICER
dialog: What about Picard?
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Our greater goal is more important,
dialog: brother.
speaker_heading: REMAN OFFICER
dialog: But, Praetor, you won't survive
dialog: without him...
text: Shinzon gazes at the Enterprise on the viewscreen.
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: Some ideals are worth dying for,
dialog: aren't they, Jean Luc?
scene_heading: EXT. RIFT - SPACE
text: The entire Scimitar slowly begins to unfold. Like a gigantic
text: version of the small spider-weapon we saw kill the Romulan
text: Senators before, legs appear and hoist up a savage weapon.
text: The Cascading Pulse.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Picard and the others watch the monstrous Cascading Pulse
text: weapon slowly deploying.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: How long until he can fire?
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: The targeting sequence should take
text: about four minutes.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: But how can he? He'll kill you.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: This isn't about me anymore.
text: Picard's face is set, resolute. He knows what he must do.
text: Picard grabs a phaser rifle from a weapons locker as...
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Prepare for a site-to-site
dialog: transport.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Sir, we won't be able to bring you
dialog: back. It's a one way trip.
dialog: Captain, I don't know if the
dialog: transporter --
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: That's an order, Commander.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Sir, allow me to go. You are
dialog: needed here.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Negative.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Sir...
text: Deanna takes Data's arm. Looks at him. She knows this is
dialog: something Picard must do himself.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: Let him go.
text: Picard powers up the phaser rifle as:
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (to Data)
dialog: You have the bridge, Commander.
dialog: Use all available power to move
text: away from the Scimitar.
dialog: (to Geordi)
dialog: Now, Mister La Forge.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: Aye, sir.
text: Geordi nervously works some controls on his console and
text: Picard dematerializes. Then the transporter panel explodes
text: in a shower of sparks.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: That's it. Transporters are down.
text: Data thinks for a moment. Then:
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Counsellor Troi, please assume
dialog: command. Geordi, if you will come
dialog: with me.
text: He heads toward the turbolift, Geordi following.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Several Remen warriors in the corridor turn and fire. Riker
text: returns fire, a series of lightning fast pulses from his
dialog: phaser rifle.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - FORWARD CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Data and Geordi stand in a long corridor. The far end of the
text: corridor opens to space. An emergency force field is in
text: place at the end of the corridor.
text: Geordi operates a tricorder and another force field flickers
text: on around him.
text: Data looks toward the end of the corridor, readying himself.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: What is our approximate distance?
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: (scans with tricorder)
text: 400 meters.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Thank you.
text: Data backs up a little more He looks at Geordi again.
text: Deeply.
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Thank you, Geordi. Deactivate the
dialog: field.
text: Geordi operates his tricorder and the force field at the end
text: of the corridor snaps off --
text: The void of space fills the corridor and Data takes a running
text: start -- he races down the long corridor and leaps --
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIFT - SPACE
dialog: -- into space.
text: He floats toward the Scimitar, his momentum carrying him.
dialog: Carrying him too far!
text: He is going to miss the Scimitar -- almost past it now! He
text: thrusts out a hand --
text: And just misses a piece of dangling wreckage! Data is
text: floating helplessly through space. Doomed. Then he SLAMS
text: into an invisible piece of the partially cloaked on the ship!
text: He grabs onto the invisible part of the ship and pulls
text: himself up to the hull. He rips open an access panel with
text: his superior strength and climbs inside.
scene_heading: INT. SCIMITAR - BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: Shinzon stands, his eyes glued to the Enterprise on the
text: viewscreen.
text: We see a monitor showing that the Cascading Pulse weapon is
text: locked on the Enterprise.
text: Most of the light on the shattered bridge now comes from the
text: three steadily pulsing warp core relays which soar up through
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER (V.O)
dialog: Forty-seven. Forty six...
text: Suddenly -- a MASSIVE BLAST as the doors to the bridge
text: explode in. Shinzon spins to see --
text: Picard framed in the doorway, phaser rifle ready.
text: Picard instantly fires for the Cascading Pulse control -- but
text: Shinzon dives to cover it -- the phaser blast hits Shinzon in
text: the chest -- he recoils, slamming to the deck, stunned.
text: The few remaining Remans on the bridge spin to Picard, firing
text: disruptors -- Picard dives for cover and battles them with
dialog: his phaser rifle --
text: He succeeds in stunning the Remans but a final disruptor
text: blast knocks Picard to the deck -- the phaser rifle spins
dialog: away --
speaker_heading: COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: Twenty nine... Twenty eight...
text: Shinzon pulls himself up and races to snatch up a disruptor
dialog: from a fallen comrade --
text: As Picard leaps up, grabbing a piece of wreckage, a long
text: metal rod -- Picard thrusts it forward like a spear --
dialog: Impaling Shinzon.
text: A stunned moment of silence as Shinzon gazes at Picard,
text: almost with a look of disbelief. Blood spews from his mouth
text: as he lets out a tormented cry.
text: And then, amazingly, Shinzon forces himself forward --
text: pushing Picard back against a wall -- Shinzon slowly walks
text: toward Picard, forcing himself down the length of the spear
text: -- the spear point explodes through Shinzon's back -- the
text: weight of Shinzon's body is pinning Picard against the wall
dialog: -- time is running out --
speaker_heading: COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: Eighteen... Seventeen...
text: Shinzon forces himself down the spear:
speaker_heading: SHINZON
dialog: I'm glad we're together now -- our
text: destiny is complete.
text: He finally thrusts himself down the whole spear and clasps
text: his dying hands firmly around Picard's throat --
speaker_heading: COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: Ten...Nine...
text: Data sprints to the bridge --
text: He instantly tears open his wrist and pulls out the small,
dialog: silver disc we saw earlier -- the Emergency Transport Unit --
text: he slaps it on Picard's shoulder. A final look between
dialog: them --
speaker_heading: COMPUTER (V.O.)
dialog: Seven.. Six...
text: Data activates the ETU -- Picard dematerializes.
text: Data looks at the space where Picard was and says simply:
speaker_heading: DATA
dialog: Goodbye.
text: Then he spins and pulls out his phaser --
text: And fires point-blank into the Scimitar's warp core relays --
text: the bridge explodes -- Data is incinerated --
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIFT - SPACE
text: The Scimitar BLASTS APART in a massive flash --
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: Picard re-materializes.
text: He sees the brilliant flash from the explosion through the
text: gaping hole in the front of the bridge.
text: Deanna sits at helm, her face a mask of pain. Geordi stands
text: on the upper rear deck, head down.
text: A long beat as Picard just stands on his ruined bridge, the
text: thousand-yard stare of a combat veteran in his eyes.
text: Riker emerges from the turbolift. Goes to Picard.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Sir?
text: Picard doesn't answer, he just stares forward. Deanna goes
dialog: to Riker.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: Data.
text: Riker looks toward the glowing debris field in the distance.
text: He puts an arm around Deanna.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: Sir, we're being hailed.
speaker_heading: PICARD
text: On screen...
dialog: (he remembers there is no
dialog: longer a viewscreen)
dialog: ... Open a channel.
speaker_heading: DONATRA (V.O.)
dialog: This is Commander Donatra of the
dialog: Valdore. We're dispatching
text: shuttles with medical personnel and
dialog: supplies.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Thank you, Commander.
text: The transmission ends.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (flat)
dialog: Geordi... prepare the shuttlebay
dialog: for arrivals. They don't know our
dialog: procedures so just... open the
dialog: doors.
speaker_heading: GEORDI
dialog: I'll take care of it, sir.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Number One.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You have the bridge.
text: He turns and heads toward his Ready Room.
text: The others watch him go with great sadness.
text: When the Ready Room doors close behind Picard, Deanna finally
text: allows herself to cry. Riker holds her closely. Slow fade
dialog: to...
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - CREW LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: Hours later. The senior crew is solemnly gathered in the
text: shattered remains of the crew lounge. Picard, Riker, Deanna,
text: Beverly, Worf, Geordi.
text: They wear their dress uniforms.
text: Picard goes to each of them. He carries a small, metal box.
text: They each take something from the box.
text: At first we, don't quite see what they are doing. Then we
text: realize they are affixing black bars to the collars of their
dialog: uniforms.
dialog: Mourning bands.
text: Picard pours six glasses of his precious Chateau Picard.
text: Each takes a glass.
text: Picard raises his glass.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: To absent friends... o family.
text: They toast Data. Slow fade to...
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - PICARD'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: Picard sits at his desk, speaking quietly to someone we do
dialog: not see.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I don't know if all this has made
dialog: sense to you, but I wanted you to
dialog: know what kind of man he was. In
dialog: his quest to be more like us, he
dialog: helped show us what it means to be
dialog: human.
text: We see it is the now re-activated B-9 sitting across from
dialog: him.
dialog: B-9
dialog: My brother was not a human.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: No, he wasn't... But his wonder and
dialog: his curiosity about every facet of
dialog: human life helped all of us see the
dialog: best parts of ourselves. He
dialog: embraced change... because he
dialog: always wanted to be more than he
dialog: was.
dialog: B-9
dialog: I do not understand.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Well, I hope someday you will.
text: Worf interrupts on comm:
speaker_heading: WORF (V.O.) (ON COMM)
text: Captain, the Hemingway has arrived
dialog: to tow us to spacedock.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: On my way. Please notify Commander
dialog: Riker...
text: (he stands, prepares to
dialog: go)
dialog: ... We'll talk later?
text: The B-9 does not respond. He is looking rather blankly at
text: the padd on Picard's desk.
text: Picard begins to leave when a sound stops him... humming. He
text: turns back to the B-9.
text: The B-9 is still looking blankly at the padd... but he's
text: humming lightly to himself... then he begins to sing, very
dialog: softly...
dialog: B-9
dialog: "Blue skies, smiling at me, Nothing
dialog: but blue skies do I see."
text: Then the B-9 is silent.
text: Picard watches him for a moment; great emotion playing over
text: his features, and then goes.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Picard and Riker head toward a turbolift... making their way
text: past the debris littering the corridor.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I'm sorry you won't be here for the
dialog: re-fit, but I know the Titan needs
dialog: you immediately.
text: Riker does not respond.
text: Picard stops, looks at Riker deeply.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: The Titan's a fine ship, Will. And
dialog: she's getting a captain worthy of
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: She's the most beautiful ship I've
dialog: ever seen.
text: (he touches a wall of the
dialog: corridor)
dialog: ... But she's not the Enterprise.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I promise you in time, she'll
dialog: become your home... If I could
dialog: offer you one piece of advice?
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: Anything.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: When your first officer insists
dialog: that you can't go on away
dialog: missions... Ignore him --
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I intend to.
text: A moment.
speaker_heading: RIKER
dialog: (with difficulty)
dialog: Serving with you has been an honor.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: The honor was mine. Captain Riker.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTERPRISE - SPACEDOCK - OVER EARTH
text: A few weeks later. The Enterprise is enclosed in the great
text: womb of a spacedock. The ship is being rebuilt.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: A fresh-faced young officer, COMMANDER MARTIN MADDEN, paces
text: nervously outside Picard's Ready Room. Bracing himself
text: before entering.
text: Behind him we can see technicians working everywhere around
text: the bridge, trying to rebuild it. Worf is talking to a young
text: officer at tactical and Geordi is working at the engineering
text: station. We also see new command chairs being installed.
text: (Although we do not see it in this scene, the gaping hole at
text: the front of the bridge has not yet been repaired.)
text: A young Andorian woman, the new OPS OFFICER, smiles at
text: Madden's nervousness. Her antennae twitch slightly in
text: amusement. He sees her.
speaker_heading: MADDEN
dialog: So... what's the old man like?
speaker_heading: OPS OFFICER
dialog: Why don't you go in and find out?
text: Commander Madden prepares himself.
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - READY ROOM - FOLLOWING
text: Picard is talking to Beverly on viewscreen. She is in her
text: new office at Starfleet Medical.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: You can't imagine them, Jean Luc.
dialog: They're kids! All with advance
dialog: degrees in xenobiology and out to
dialog: conquer every disease in the
dialog: quadrant.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Reminds me of a young doctor I used
dialog: to know...
speaker_heading: BEVERLY (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: They're running me ragged. Nothing
dialog: but questions day and night... I
dialog: love it! Come to dinner and I'll
dialog: tell you all about it. There's a
text: Bajoran band at the officer's mess.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Not tonight, I have work here.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY (ON VIEWSCREEN)
dialog: Soon then. I'll save the last
dialog: dance for you.
text: Commander Madden enters quickly -- he did not use the door
text: chime so Picard is surprised.
speaker_heading: MADDEN
dialog: Commander Martin Madden reporting
dialog: for duty, sir.
text: Picard stands, they shake hands as:
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Welcome aboard, Commander. I hope,
dialog: your transfer didn't come as too
text: much of a surprise.
speaker_heading: MADDEN
dialog: I was... honored, sir.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: I needed you immediately to help
dialog: oversee the re-fit...
dialog: (gathering up some padds
dialog: from his desk)
dialog: ... Your service record on the
text: Talos is exemplary, but there are a
dialog: few things I would like to discuss
dialog: with you regarding my requirements
dialog: for a First Officer. Shall we say
dialog: dinner in my quarters at 1900
dialog: hours?
speaker_heading: MADDEN
dialog: Very good, sir.
text: Picard heads toward the door, carrying a few padds.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Commander, I don't know how they
dialog: did it on the Talos, but we have
text: door chimes on the Enterprise. We
dialog: use them.
speaker_heading: MADDEN
dialog: Yes, sir. Sorry, sir.
text: Picard goes to the bridge, Madden following...
scene_heading: INT. ENTERPRISE - BRIDGE - FOLLOWING
text: They emerge to the bridge as Worf is arguing with the cocky
text: young ENSIGN busy installing Picard's new high-tech command
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: You don't understand the Captain --
dialog: there should be no changes until we
dialog: have discussed the modifications
dialog: with him.
dialog: Picard goes to them:
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: (grumbles)
dialog: Your new chair, sir.
speaker_heading: ENSIGN
dialog: It's the Mark Seven, Captain.
dialog: State-of-the-art ergonomics...
dialog: command interfaces with --
speaker_heading: WORF
dialog: I told him you're comfortable with
dialog: your old chair.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Let's give it a try.
text: He settles into his new command chair. Looks around for a
text: beat at his new bridge crew. Fresh-faced kids. A new
text: generation to teach and nurture. He smiles.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Feels good.
text: Worf and Geordi exchange a look, surprised.
speaker_heading: ENSIGN
dialog: (points)
dialog: Try that button, sir.
text: Picard presses a button on the chair and -- zip -- metal
text: restraints fly into position around his waist and shoulders.
text: Seatbelts! Picard is surprised.
text: A beat.
text: Then Picard smiles.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: It's about time.
text: He presses the button again and the restraints zip back into
text: the body of the chair. He is delighted. He turns to Madden:
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: Commander, please sit down...
text: Madden sits in the First Officer's chair, Picard shares a
text: padd with him.
speaker_heading: PICARD
dialog: ... We've received our first
dialog: assignment. We're going to be
dialog: exploring the Denab system. It
dialog: should be exciting. It's a
dialog: place... where no one has gone
dialog: before.
dialog: And we cut to --
scene_heading: EXT. ENTERPRISE - SPACEDOCK - OVER EARTH - FOLLOWING
text: Through the hole in the hull we see Picard talking to Madden.
text: Picard at work, at peace. Where he is meant to be.
text: We slowly pull back from Picard and the Enterprise. As we
text: hear the B-9's soft tones. Gentle. Hopeful.
speaker_heading: B-9 (V.O.)
dialog: "Never saw the sun shining so
dialog: bright, Never saw things going so
text: right. Noticing the days hurrying
dialog: by, When you're in love, my how
dialog: they fly. Blue days, all of them
text: gone, Nothing but blue skies from
dialog: now on."
text: We revolve away from the Enterprise and Earth toward the
text: stars. Then ZOOM forward into the cosmos as the rousing
text: "Next Generation" theme explodes over END CREDITS.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
