dialog: 
speaker_heading: "STARMAN"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Bruce A. Evans and Raynold Gideon
dialog: with Dean Riesner (uncredited)
speaker_heading: DRAFT SCRIPT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: The wail of a siren grows out of the distance and very faintly
text: through the fog we see the headlights and flashing blue rack
text: lights of a police car coming toward us. It drops into a
text: dip, reappears almost immediately, hurtling down the center
text: of the deserted highway. It gets closer and closer until the
text: lights and siren fill our senses then zooms past us.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR - NIGHT
text: A frightened SECURITY GUARD is tensed forward off the back
text: seat, his hands clutched into the fabric between the two
text: regular POLICE OFFICERS in front.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (an edge of fear in
dialog: his voice)
dialog: It's coming up... Slow down...
dialog: (he points out between
dialog: them)
dialog: There, right there...
text: Through the windshield we can see the headlights pick up a
text: billboard announcing a 'new' housing development.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: The squad car skids off the asphalt in front of the sign and
text: starts up a rutted dirt road. The sign tells us we are headed
dialog: for 'Pinewood Estates,' a housing development financed by
dialog: the Farmers Bank of Wisconsin.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR - NIGHT
text: The Security Guard is becoming more agitated. He wipes a
text: cold sweat off his brow. The blue flashers reflect off the
text: fog onto the faces of the men. Suddenly the Security Guard
text: lunges forward and slaps off the rack lights and siren.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Benny, God, take it easy...
speaker_heading: BENNY (GUARD)
dialog: I don't want to scare them away.
text: The two Police Officers exchange an indulgent look.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING TRACT - NIGHT
text: Using only its parking lights, the police car creeps up the
text: dirt road between skeletons of unfinished houses.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR - NIGHT
text: The windows are rolled down. Periodically one of the men
text: leans out for a better look at the terrain around them.
speaker_heading: SECOND OFFICER
dialog: Smells smoke...
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I told you.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING TRACT - NIGHT
text: The police car comes around a curve on the hillside and stops.
text: Above them on the next hill, a necklace of embers from a
text: grass fire and a burning tree flicker through the fog. The
text: men get out of the car.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: (loud whisper)
dialog: There!! Up on the hill!!
text: The officer steps forward for a better look. Benny hangs on
text: his shoulder.
speaker_heading: BENNY
text: Right in line with that burning tree.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: I don't see anything.
speaker_heading: BENNY
text: It's there. The fog's thicker now,
dialog: but it's there. What do you think
dialog: started those fires?
text: The officer strains to see through the fog.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Benny, there's nothing there.
speaker_heading: BENNY
text: There is. They came out of the belly
dialog: of the ship and then went to the
text: first terrace and flew down into the
dialog: houses.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Flew?! Oh, come on Benny...
text: The second officer is peering intently at something down
dialog: among the houses.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: You hear that, Mike? Now he's telling
dialog: us...
speaker_heading: MIKE (SECOND OFFICER)
dialog: What's that?
text: Benny and the officer look to where Mike is pointing. What
text: appears to be the beam of a powerful headlight bobs among
text: the houses below them. Further into the track another beam
text: of light moves slightly from right to left but seems otherwise
dialog: stationary.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: What did I tell you?
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Probably kids.
text: One of the lights rises over a house and settles on the other
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (not convinced)
dialog: Probably...
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING TRACT - NIGHT
text: A light shines directly into our eyes. As it swings away
text: from us we realize that it was the searchlight on the police
text: car which is idling along the dirt road with its running
text: lights off. The fire on the hill gives the fog down here a
text: red tint.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR - NIGHT
text: The police officers are beginning to feel anxious. Benny's
text: nervous fidgeting in the back seat doesn't help them any.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Don't you think you should call a
dialog: backup?
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: No, we can handle this.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING TRACT - NIGHT
text: The police car passes a road perpendicular to the one it is
text: on. A couple of houses down that road a faint glow spills
text: over the sides of an industrial dumpster. As we watch we
text: hear an eerie high pitched whistle, a shaft of light slowly
text: rises out of the metal box and seems to fly off between the
dialog: houses.
scene_heading: INT. FINISHED HOUSE - NIGHT
text: As a humanoid silhouette passes in front of the picture
text: window, a shaft of light floats by in the fog outside. The
text: silhouette continues around to look at the kitchen. It raises
text: a hand to eye level. There is a sharp "SNAP" and a hard-edged
text: cone of light shoots out of the darkness to capture the inside
text: of the kitchen and pulls back a three-dimensional image of
text: stove, sink, cupboards, electrical fixtures and walls to the
dialog: silhouette.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING TRACT - NIGHT
text: The police car is parked in the middle of the dirt road.
text: Benny and the officers are intent on a light that reaches
text: them only in strobes as it moves through the houses in the
text: direction of the fire on the hill. The police searchlight
text: swings onto the house.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: (over outside speakers)
dialog: This is the police. Identify
dialog: yourselves.
text: It is deathly silent.
text: Carrying a shotgun the officer motions Benny and Mike to fan
text: out on either side of him and, guns drawn, they cut across
text: the tract to where they last saw the bobbing light.
text: The fog quickly isolates them, heightening their fear. Each
text: man becomes acutely aware of the loudness of his breathing
text: and the crunch of his footsteps on the ground. They drift in
text: and out of visual contact with each other.
text: Benny freezes as he hears a burst of the high pitched whistle
text: sweep by on his left. He turns slowly to see, through the
text: ribs of an unfinished house, a shaft of the white light
text: pointing at a cement mixer.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: (to the officers, his
dialog: voice cracking)
dialog: There's one over here...
text: The brilliant light swings toward him. Benny, his hands
text: trembling, raises the gun.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Stop!! Police!!
text: The light fixes on Benny and terrified he shakes off a couple
text: shots. The light goes out immediately.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (in Benny's direction)
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I think I shot one.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Jesus, Benny. What are you doing?
scene_heading: INT. FINISHED HOUSE (BEDROOM) - NIGHT
text: We are looking at the back of the humanoid figure. It crosses
text: to a high window and looks out. The reddish tinge of the fog
text: outlines him.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING TRACT - NIGHT
text: The men strain to see something through the silent fog.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: You see anything, Mike?
text: Before Mike can answer, a strange percussive clicking sound
text: is heard. He pumps a shell in the chamber of his shotgun and
text: swallowing his fear moves toward the voices. They stop.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: This is the police. Identify
dialog: yourselves.
text: Benny, his flashlight throwing a feeble beam in front of
text: him, inches around the house looking for what he shot at. He
text: gets to where it should be but it's not there. His light
text: searches the area. There is nothing but a stack of lumber.
text: Shaking visibly he shuffles to it and peers around its corner.
text: Nothing. Benny relaxes and allows himself to breathe again.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: (shouts to the officers)
dialog: You wanna give me some help over
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Okay...
text: Benny continues around the house. He flashes his light into
text: a doorway. There is nothing but framing. When he moves on, a
text: figure steps out of the darkness to fill the space, then
text: raises its arms. With a sharp snap cylindrical devices swing
text: off its wrist into its hands.
text: At the corner of the house Benny hears the snap and stops.
text: The high pitched whistle starts behind him. He stumbles around
text: to face a brilliant white light flying directly at him. Benny
text: screams in terror and fires at it. The light swerves and a
text: laser streak from one of the hand rockets sears Benny's chest
text: and knocks him to the ground in pain. Holding his shoulder
text: he watches the light rise and fall erratically between the
dialog: houses.
text: The officers watch in awe as the beam wobbles through the
text: air, then crashes to the earth.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Mike, call for back-up.
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Benny, you all right?
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I don't think so...
dialog: (clutching his shoulder)
speaker_heading: OFFICER
text: (waving the beam of
text: his flashlight, shouts)
dialog: Benny, this is me. I'm going to take
dialog: a look.
text: Benny's beam flashes back.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Don't leave me. I'm coming.
text: The two men begin to trot toward the light. It swings wildly
text: around and, accompanied by the high-pitched whistle, starts
text: to stagger back up the hill. Benny and the officer break
text: into a run. They are on their way up the hill when the light
text: in front of them crashes to the earth. It rolls over and
text: lays still, the beam shooting straight up into the air. Benny
text: and the officer slow their pursuit, terrified of what they
text: might find. Suddenly a high-pitched whistle is bearing down
text: on them from behind. Before they can turn a light rockets
text: over their heads. With a rumble the hill begins to vibrate.
text: As they follow its flight, they see lights beginning to ripple
text: to life across the skin of a saucer-shaped spacecraft resting
text: at the edge of the forest on top of the hill. With a rumble
text: the hill begins to vibrate. Frightened, the officers stop.
scene_heading: INT. FINISHED HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The humanoid figure walks rapidly down the hall into the
text: kitchen. An indistinct image plays on the inside of its
text: faceplate and we hear the faint sounds of a percussive
text: language. Through the window over the sink we can see the
text: lights of the spaceship.
text: The rockets flip into the humanoid's gloved hands and it is
text: airborne out the open back door.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING TRACT - NIGHT
text: From the road Benny and the officer watch as the humanoid
text: figure that just blasted over them flies between the trees
text: and into the white light emitting from the underbelly of the
text: spacecraft. The noise from the ship's power plant is deafening
text: as it begins to rise above the trees.
text: With Mike at the wheel the police car, its rack lights
text: flashing, fishtails up the dirt road and slides sideways to
text: a bone-jarring stop next to Benny and the officer. As they
text: jump out of the way they find themselves facing into the
text: super white beam of the figure that was in the house. They
text: are between it and the ship. At the angle that it is coming
text: up the hill, the light looks like it is heading directly for
text: them. This is too much for the officer and in terror he raises
text: his shotgun and fires wildly at it. The figure veers off and
text: disappears into the fog.
text: With an awesome roar the spacecraft reaches escape velocity
text: and hurtles into the night sky. The concussion waves knock
text: Benny and the officers off their feet.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - NIGHT
text: The escaped figure's light comes out of the fog at tree
text: height. We hear the high-pitched whistle of its rockets. A
text: burst of percussive language comes from behind the faceplate.
speaker_heading: SUBTITLE
dialog: Lander four to Mapmaker Wind. Fix
dialog: position for rescue. Repeat. Fix
dialog: position for rescue.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING TRACT - NIGHT
text: The fires on the hillside have been renewed. Shaking, Benny
text: and the officer rise to their feet and start toward the light
text: shafting straight up from the figure lying on the hillside.
text: The only sound is police chatter coming out of the radio in
text: the open squad car.
scene_heading: EXT. LOGGING ROAD - NIGHT
text: An 18-wheeler with a load of logs lumbers past us.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK - NIGHT
text: It feels cozy with the wipers slapping the rain off the
text: windshield. The DRIVER is trying to steal a cigarette out of
text: his snoring PARTNER'S pocket without waking him up. He gets
text: one and reaches for the lighter.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - NIGHT
text: The escaped figure banks around a blind corner.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK - NIGHT
text: The driver gets a glimpse of something in his headlights and
text: slams on the brakes, but it is too late. The figure hits the
text: spoiler above the cab. We hear the smack of impact. One of
text: its boots scars the windshield.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - NIGHT
text: The figure bounces off the jack-knifing truck and like a
text: wounded bird tumbles through the air into the trees. With
text: the light spinning crazily, it plunges through the boughs
text: and smashes face first into the mud at the bottom of an
text: embankment. The strip lights on the sides of its helmet go
dialog: out.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUCK - NIGHT
text: The driver and his partner, standing in the shafts of the
text: high beams, are peering into the woods.
speaker_heading: PARTNER
dialog: What the hell was it anyway?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Damned if I know.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: The figure thrashes over on its back and tries to close a
text: shoulder-to-hip tear in its life-support suit. By the faint
text: identification light that flickers on and off inside its
text: helmet, we see a MAN FROM THE STARS. His skin is translucent
text: coral. He is gasping as our atmosphere mixes with his and
text: threatens to suffocate him.
text: Under his translucent skin a maze of veins and arteries extend
text: from a white mass that sits in the upper half of his head.
text: He is hairless. Underneath a graceful fore-head, transparent
text: eyelids droop over black pupilless eyes. The thin lips that
text: delineate his mouth are chalk-white.
text: He tries to clutch the edges of the tear together but is too
text: weak. His hands drop limply from the suit, allowing the rent
text: to gape open and reveal the translucent body underneath.
speaker_heading: PARTNER (V.O.)
dialog: Come on. I'm getting wet.
speaker_heading: DRIVER (V.O.)
dialog: It musta been a bird.
speaker_heading: PARTNER (V.O.)
dialog: How about if I drive now?
text: Behind the faceplate a piece of white light breaks off from
text: the shining mass in the STAR MAN'S head and moves down his
text: neck. Through the hole in the suit we see it arrive at the
text: top of his single lung. The white light spreads throughout
text: the organ like a phosphorescent tide. The STAR MAN lapses
text: into unconsciousness as we hear the truck pull away.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER (COCKPIT) - DAWNBREAK
text: A light rain is falling.
text: We are looking through the windscreen at the gray landscape
text: passing under the helicopter. MARC SHERMIN, a grizzled man
text: in his mid-fifties with an honest stubborn face, shifts his
text: attention from the right side to the left side of the craft.
text: Below him he can see the road leading into the housing tract
text: is blocked by police cars. The helicopter leans into a banking
text: turn and the spacecraft's blackened landing site comes into
text: view. Below it an orange nylon tent has been erected over
text: the dead extraterrestrial. It glows from the inside. An Air
text: Force helicopter is parked on the other side of the burn.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING TRACT - DAWNBREAK
text: A man in a white contamination suit is helping Benny and the
text: two officers into the Air Force helicopter. The three men
text: are glassy-eyed and wrapped in blankets. Benny has a bandage
text: across his chest. They look up at Shermin's descending
text: helicopter. They are still looking at it when they disappear
dialog: inside.
text: Shermin's unmarked S65 settles on the clearing. The nose
text: door is open and Shermin, carrying the hood of his
text: contamination suit, comes down the ladder. A tall homespun
text: man, also in a hoodless contamination suit, steps forward to
dialog: greet him.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (around a cigarette)
dialog: Major Aaron Bell...
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Marc Shermin, National Security
dialog: Agency.
text: Shermin takes a moment to look over at the tent, the green
text: hillside and the forest beyond. It is pastoral in the soft
text: light of dawn.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: This has always been my favorite
dialog: time of day.
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL (MAN)
dialog: Very beautiful country up here...
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Any signs of biological contamination,
dialog: excessive radiation, anything like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: Not on the landscape. We're trying
dialog: to get a tube under the faceplate
dialog: for a reading on possible deadly
text: lifeforms but it's hard going.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Can you see under the faceplate?
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: No.
text: Bell's hands shake as he lights a new cigarette off the one
text: in his mouth.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: There's a good chance you could be
dialog: wrong about this thing then...
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: Wait'll you see it.
text: He throws away the cigarette and begins to put on his
text: contamination hood. Shermin follows as they start for the
dialog: tent.
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: We had a flight of F16's play tag
text: with the spaceship over Michigan for
text: an hour. Then it shot straight up
dialog: and disappeared.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Was there visual contact?
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: No, sir. Radar.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: It could have been anything.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACKENED LANDING SITE - DAWNBREAK
text: Hooded, Bell and Shermin make their way past three suited
text: scientists examining the landscape with geiger counters and
text: other sensing instruments. With the coming of dawn and Bell's
text: handlight we can clearly see the pod indentations and the
text: huge black glass cup of earth that was fused by the energy
text: blasting out of the spaceship's power plant.
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: After I called in, I had a chance to
text: sit down with the three locals. They
dialog: swear there's another one that didn't
dialog: make the ship... It might be alive.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: People have made mistakes in these
dialog: situations before.
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: I've been investigating sightings
dialog: for seventeen years, Mr. Shermin.
dialog: This one's real. We have a dead extra-
text: terrestrial in that tent and another
text: one in the area that might be alive.
dialog: We've been visited. It's finally
dialog: happened and the sooner Washington
text: accepts that and starts figuring out
dialog: how we're going to deal with these
dialog: beings, the better off we're going
dialog: to be.
scene_heading: EXT. FOOT OF EMBANKMENT - DAWNBREAK
text: It is still raining.
text: The STAR MAN stirs and awakens with a start. He parts the
text: tear in his suit and looks at his lung through his translucent
text: body. It has changed in color from brown to a rich yellow
text: ocher. He takes several deep breaths of our atmosphere and
text: his lung expands and contracts easily. He conducts a quick
text: inventory of his damaged spacesuit, then struggles to his
text: knees and stands up.
scene_heading: INT. BIOQUARANTINE TENT (HOUSING TRACT) - DAWNBREAK
text: The sound of a powerful slow-speed drill greets Bell and
text: Shermin as they enter. The extraterrestrial is still on its
text: back with its helmet lights shining straight up. A hose that
text: extends from a portable gas chromatograph has been suction-
text: sealed to a corner of the faceplate. A SCIENTIST is making
text: adjustments at the chromatograph while his COMPANION is
text: monitoring the progress of the drill into the faceplate.
text: Both are wearing contamination suits.
text: A foam-lined coffin-shaped metal box is on the ground next
text: to one of the walls. Bell and Shermin approach the body.
text: Shermin's first look is at the faceplate, but all he can see
text: is his own reflection. His eyes travel down the body.
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: Look at the hands.
text: The gloved hands of the figure have only three fingers and a
dialog: thumb.
text: Shermin takes Bell's flashlight. He angles it at the
text: faceplate. As he leans in to follow the beam, the pitch of
text: the drill rises. He shifts the light. The drill breaks through
text: and the faceplate explodes out of the helmet. The men throw
text: themselves back in panic. When they turn back to look,
text: distorted impressions of the face inside the helmet reflect
text: on the glass of their contamination hoods. (Pause)
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Oh, Jesus.
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: (moving toward the
dialog: body)
dialog: We better get it into the box. Come
dialog: on...
text: The other men approach the body but before they can bend to
text: it a burst of percussive language, followed by a low buzz,
text: comes from inside the extraterrestrial's helmet. The men
text: freeze. There is another burst of percussive language and a
text: projection beam shoots out of the helmet throwing the image
text: of the escaped STAR MAN onto one of the scientists. He jumps
text: aside and the beam falls out of focus and indistinct on the
text: tent wall behind him.
speaker_heading: SUBTITLE
dialog: Mapmaker Wind. Do you hear me?
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: The other one is alive!
scene_heading: EXT. FOOT OF EMBANKMENT - DAWNBREAK
text: The STAR MAN is standing. We hear the sounds of his percussive
text: language coming from behind his mirrored faceplate.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (subtitle)
dialog: Mapmaker Wind. Do you hear me?
text: His answer is nothing but the low buzz. He taps a series of
text: buttons on his chest panel and speaks again.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Mapmaker Wind. Do you hear me?
dialog: Again the buzz.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Mapmaker Wind. Do you hear me?
text: The buzz continues. He is very still for a moment. Then he
text: presses the palms of his hands together, prayer fashion, and
text: concentrates. When he pulls them apart, a blue force field
text: pulses between them. He stops at shoulder width. A solarized
text: aerial view of the United States forms on the force field. A
text: green dot appears in the area of western Wisconsin, a red
text: dot in the area of Death Valley, California. He drops his
text: hands to his lap and sits very still. The solarized compass
text: remains floating in the air in front of him. After a long
text: moment he reaches up and squeezes it into a ball that
text: disappears when his palms come together.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - DAWNBREAK
text: Shermin steps through the open bay door into a communications
text: room. The radar and radio consoles each have a TECHNICIAN. A
text: third technician, LYMAN, sits in front of a square of six
text: medium-sized television screens.
speaker_heading: LYMAN
dialog: Is it for real?
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Get Fox.
text: Lyman taps a code into the computer keyboard. There's a shower
text: of static on one of the TV screens. When it clears up GEORGE
text: FOX, mid-forties, hair slicked straight back, round wire-
text: rimmed glasses, is peering intently into the camera.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: (before Fox can speak)
dialog: It's real, George.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: There's no mistake? You're absolutely
dialog: sure?
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: I saw it with my own eyes. We've
dialog: killed an extraterrestrial and...
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: Is there any possibility that it's a
dialog: hoax? Could you be mistaken?
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: None. And there's another one in the
dialog: area that's alive. I don't know if
dialog: it's the only one. I don't know if
dialog: it was left here by accident or it's
dialog: part of an inva...
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: Get the body out of there. Load it
text: on the Air Force chopper and get it
dialog: to Wright Patterson. They'll take it
dialog: from there... We didn't expect this,
dialog: Shermin.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: (answering the
dialog: accusation)
dialog: Neither did I.
text: Major Bell enters the helicopter.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: We're going... Damn!
text: (he shakes his head
dialog: in disbelief)
dialog: We'll tell the press that there was
text: an accident. Chemical warfare spill.
dialog: That cover cannot be violated in any
dialog: way. Understand me, Shermin?
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: Major Bell here, sir. We have to
dialog: tell these people that we're friendly.
dialog: That this whole thing was a mistake.
dialog: Is anyone trying to contact the ship?
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: (ignores this)
dialog: Shermin, I want you and Bell to start
text: looking for the one on the ground.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: We'll need a lot of help, George.
dialog: You could hide an army up here.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: I'm going to the White House right
dialog: now. I'll try and get you everything
dialog: you need.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Wait, wait... What are my orders if
dialog: we find this thing?
text: Fox sits silently for a second.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: Contain it and get back to me.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: What do you mean by 'contain?'
text: Fox knows Shermin is looking for a definite order.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: Just what I said.
text: The television screen is reduced to static. Shermin stares
text: at it blankly then Lyman turns it off.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING TRACT - MORNING
text: The lift off of Shermin's helicopter reveals contamination --
text: suited scientists slipping the dead extraterrestrial's coffin
text: into the Air Force helicopter.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: The STAR MAN, still in his life-support suit, looks surreal
text: in the twilight world under the canopy of firs. The morning
text: rain has gone. A hum of traffic pulls him across the hill to
text: a stand of alders that border the forest. Through the leaves
text: he can see a highway entering the sprawl of Eau Claire,
text: Wisconsin. The cars and trucks zipping along the asphalt are
dialog: of particular interest to him.
text: When he has absorbed them he walks through the trees to get
text: a better look at the town. On the wind he can hear shouts
text: from students boarding a line of yellow buses in front of a
text: grade school off to his right. Suburban houses have begun to
text: snuggle up to the base of the hill he is on.
text: Keeping to the tree line well above them he continues his
text: search for an avenue of escape. His head swivels to watch a
text: Volvo station wagon come down the street. It swings into the
text: driveway of the house directly below him and stops next to a
text: Mustang Hatchback. The back door opens and JENNY HAYDN, a
text: pretty girl in her mid-twenties, gets out carrying a crudely
text: lettered be-ribboned sign 'Welcome Back, Mrs. Haydn.' Female
text: voices drift up to the STAR MAN from inside the car.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: It was great to have you back... The
dialog: kids loved it. We loved it. You're
dialog: doing the right thing...
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I hope so... We'll see... See you
dialog: tomorrow... Bye. Bye.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (as the Volvo backs
dialog: out of the driveway)
dialog: Remember you're required to have a
dialog: lesson planned tomorrow.
text: Jenny laughs and waves. With the Volvo moving away up the
text: street Jenny picks her newspaper off her walk and goes into
dialog: the house.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE - DAY
text: The STAR MAN presses on through the trees. He hears a light
text: plane overhead. He stops and watches until the branches cut
text: off his view. A path between two logs leads him to the tip
text: of a promontory. From behind the cedars growing there, he
text: sits and looks down on the center of Eau Claire.
text: Arm in arm, a YOUNG COUPLE meander through the trees. The
text: boy has a blanket over his shoulder and the girl's hair is
text: disheveled. Without seeing him, they walk past the STAR MAN
text: crouched in a thicket of small pines. After they've gone by,
text: he straightens up and watches them walk down toward the
dialog: highway.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The sun is setting over suburban Eau Claire. The colors are
text: reflected in the STAR MAN's faceplate as he watches Jenny
text: push a hand mower over her back yard.
text: He takes a dusty gray marble out of a leg pocket and while
text: Jenny finishes the lawn he rolls it between his gloves. It
text: turns a glowing gold as it grows in size. When it reaches
text: the dimensions of a baseball, he brings it close to his
text: faceplate and speaks into it.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: Iron channel message. Suit and rockets
dialog: destroyed. Radical mixture of this
dialog: atmosphere and ours in helmet allowed
dialog: chemo-ion response time to adapt my
dialog: body to this air. Am going to attempt
dialog: extreme transformation in order to
dialog: cross land mass to site of our
dialog: practice landings. If transformation
dialog: is not fatal, second message ball by
text: next darkness.
text: He opens his hands and the ball rises quickly into the sky.
text: Jenny is dumping the grass clippings into a garbage can at
text: the side of the house when the sudden motion of the message
text: ball catches her eye and she watches it quizzically until it
dialog: disappears.
scene_heading: EXT. WISCONSIN SKIES - LATE AFTERNOON
text: We are on the belly of Shermin's helicopter looking at the
text: tree tops rushing underneath.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Shermin is standing back of Lyman and Bell who are seated in
text: front of the square of television screens watching various
text: shots of the wooded landscape flowing by under them. Shermin
text: scrubs his hands over his face then bends over to stretch
text: his back.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Aghh... I'm supposed to umpire a
dialog: little league game tomorrow.
speaker_heading: LYMAN
dialog: I wouldn't worry about it... There
dialog: might not be any little league
dialog: tomorrow.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: I'm telling you they're probably
dialog: friendly.
speaker_heading: LYMAN
dialog: Then why did they try and sneak in
dialog: the back door? Tell me that. Why
dialog: didn't they contact us first and
dialog: say...
speaker_heading: RADAR TECHNICIAN
dialog: (loud)
text: UFO coming out of the grass.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Lock in.
speaker_heading: RADAR TECHNICIAN
dialog: Got it.
text: Lyman and the technicians tap out orders to their tracking
text: units and the views of the forest on three of the television
text: screens change to images from their microwave scanners,
text: neutron back scatters and doppler radar. On a fourth screen
text: the forward-looking infrared module begins creating a picture
text: of the UFO. The men relax as they recognize the configurations
text: of a light sea plane.
speaker_heading: LYMAN
dialog: This is crazy. What were we going to
dialog: do if that had been the ship? We
dialog: have two thirty calibre machine guns,
text: three M16's and some handguns.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Give it a rest, Lyman.
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: I've never once heard of anybody
text: being hurt by an extraterrestrial...
text: Shermin goes hand over hand along the overhead straps to the
text: radio operator. He begins to flip through a stack of telex
dialog: messages.
speaker_heading: LYMAN
dialog: That's because the ones that were
dialog: hurt, died. They couldn't talk to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: (to technician, after
dialog: a look at Lyman)
dialog: Any reports about monsters, people
dialog: in Halloween masks, anything like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: No, but there sure were a lot of
dialog: people who saw lights in the sky
dialog: last night. Reports are still coming
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: (under above)
dialog: I've heard of blood being drawn,
dialog: sometimes they were taken for a ride
dialog: in the ship, a lot of times they
dialog: said they had sex... But nobody was
dialog: ever hurt...
speaker_heading: LYMAN
dialog: But you decided those weren't real.
dialog: This one is.
text: There is a buzz and a red dot appears in the center of one
text: of the screens.
speaker_heading: LYMAN
dialog: (over his shoulder to
dialog: Shermin)
dialog: Fox.
text: He taps a three digit code and Fox comes into view.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: I've got something for you.
text: A photograph of a very thin slab of yellow plastic pops up
text: on a second screen next to Fox. Above lines of glowing colored
text: dots are symbols of a hydrogen atom, pulsars, a nude man and
dialog: a woman and Earth's position in our solar system.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: Recognize this?
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: It's a copy of the plaque NASA sent
text: into space on the Pioneer probes.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: Houston found it in the
dialog: extraterrestrial's suit.
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
text: They must have picked it up in space.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Then it's not an accident that they
dialog: found us.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: We don't think that's necessarily
dialog: bad. At least it's a point of contact.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Not necessarily bad! If they knew we
dialog: were here why didn't they let us
dialog: know they were coming?
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: We'll get those answers when you
dialog: find the one you're looking for.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: That's not going to happen, George,
dialog: unless you get us the help you
dialog: promised us.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: We've been back and forth on this
dialog: all day and keeping in mind the panic
dialog: that would occur if this got to the
dialog: general public, it's been decided
dialog: not to expand the search at this
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Don't let them do it this way, George.
dialog: It's too important. We can't find
dialog: this thing alone.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: You have to. We're trying to contact
dialog: the ship. If we do, I'll let you
dialog: know immediately. Good luck.
text: The television screen is reduced to static. Lyman shuts it
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: RADAR TECHNICIAN
dialog: You get the feeling we're expendable?
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: We always were.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: We are looking through the living room window at Jenny
text: watching television while she irons the clothes she plans to
text: wear to work tomorrow. The STAR MAN stands just outside the
text: light-fall in the back yard watching her.
text: A commercial interrupts the old movie with a jolly fat MAN
text: in a jumpsuit touting his used cars. The two words 'We
dialog: have...' are repeated constantly during the pitch. 'We have
dialog: automatics... We have sticks... We have colors... We have
dialog: financing...' ...
text: We move in close on the STAR MAN'S faceplate.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (practicing the human
dialog: sound)
dialog: Wehave...
dialog: (more precise)
dialog: Wehave...
dialog: (well-formed)
dialog: Wehave...
text: Jenny finishes the skirt, unplugs the iron, picks up the
text: clothes, shuts off the television, the light and heads
text: upstairs. Half way up she stops.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (faint through the
dialog: glass)
dialog: Damn!
text: She turns around and looks down indecisively, then hurries
text: upstairs. A light goes on in the bedroom. The STAR MAN backs
text: away to look up at it. He can't see anything. He is on his
text: way to try and get in the side door when Jenny comes clumping
text: down the stairs in an old sweatshirt and pulling on a pair
text: of jeans. She disappears into the kitchen. Without warning
text: the door ahead of him is swung open and Jenny rushes out.
text: The STAR MAN barely has time to step into the shadows. Jenny
text: grabs the handle of one of the garbage cans lined against
text: the house and drags it down to the street. When she comes
text: back for the second one we see that the STAR MAN is no longer
text: in the shadows.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Jenny comes in and locks the door. She passes through the
text: kitchen and is on her way to the stairs when the STAR MAN
text: steps out of the darkness in the living room. A scream catches
text: in Jenny's throat.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (precise)
dialog: Wehave...
text: Jenny bolts for the front door. At the end of the hallway
text: her foot catches in a phone cord pulling the phone off an
text: end table. The receiver is jarred out of its cradle. Jenny
text: regains her balance and gets to the door ahead of the STAR
text: MAN. She jerks it open, but the guard chain stops it three
text: inches from the jamb. Frantically, she tries again but the
text: chain holds.
text: The STAR MAN slams the door shut and reaches out to grab
text: her. She flails back at him. One of her hands strikes the
text: panel on his chest and the identification light comes on
text: inside his helmet. At the sight of the STAR MAN, Jenny begins
text: to scream. He presses her back against the wall and puts a
text: mittened hand over her mouth.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Wehave...
text: Jenny ceases her struggle and begins to cry. The STAR MAN
text: takes his hand away from her mouth.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Please don't hurt me... please...
dialog: please.
text: Holding her with his eyes he grasps one of Jenny's hands and
text: lifts it up to look at it.
text: He raises a piece of skin off her wrist, rolls it between
text: his thumb and forefinger.
text: Jenny lets out a blood-curdling scream and strikes out at
text: him. Flashes of light erupt off his exposed chest where she
text: hits. The ferocity of her attack knocks him aside and she
text: sprints up the stairs.
text: The STAR MAN recovers and starts after her.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Jenny gets there two steps ahead of the STAR MAN. She slams
text: the door in his face and locks it. With him POUNDING ON THE
text: OUTSIDE, Jenny throws open the closet and begins rummaging
text: madly through the side pockets of her jackets and coats.
text: The POUNDING STOPS. It takes her a moment to hear the silence.
text: When she does, she whirls toward the door expecting the worst,
text: but it remains closed. She waits. All she can hear is the
text: sound of the rain. She intensifies her search.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (hysteria creeping
dialog: into her voice)
dialog: It's got to be here... it's got to
dialog: be here...
text: She finds it in the pocket of a down jacket. The Army issue
text: .45 looks big in her hand. She releases the safety and, with
text: a wary eye on the door, reaches for the phone on the night
text: table next to the bed.
text: Long before the receiver gets to her ear, she can hear the
text: "BLEET" caused by the PHONE BEING OFF THE HOOK for so long
text: in the living room. She hangs up and walks around the bed to
text: sit on the corner facing the door. In the distance, we can
text: HEAR the THUMP OF AN APPROACHING HELICOPTER. After a moment's
text: indecision, Jenny gets up and releases the lock. Again she
dialog: waits.
text: Nothing happens. With the gun ready, she turns the knob and
text: opens the door a crack. The hallway is empty. She kicks off
text: her shoes and lets herself out of the bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Jenny creeps toward the stairs in her stockinged feet. She
text: looks in the bathroom. The STAR MAN isn't there. She decides
dialog: to go downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The STAR MAN isn't in the living room. Jenny sidles along
text: the wall for the front door. At the archway to the den a
text: hissing sound stops her. She peers around the molding. The
text: spill from the stairwell light provides the only illumination.
text: The STAR MAN is sitting on the edge of a chair with his back
text: to her. He is naked. A dot of light is HISSING around his
text: head. The shadows in the room make it difficult for Jenny to
dialog: tell exactly what is going on.
text: Pointing the .45 at the STAR MAN, she steps into the room
text: for a better look. The floor creaks and the STAR MAN turns
text: to her. Jenny shudders at what she sees. The STAR MAN is
text: holding an 8x10 color photograph of Jenny and a man in his
text: mid-twenties standing on a beach in their bathing suits.
text: The dot of light is copying the man's features onto the STAR
text: MAN'S translucent head. The top two-thirds of the face is
dialog: already done. Everything is perfect, even the eyes. Jenny
text: begins to tremble and lowers the gun.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (in a small voice)
dialog: No... please don't...
text: She sags against the armchair, racked by sobs that are drowned
text: out by the FLAP OF THE APPROACHING HELICOPTER. The STAR MAN,
text: with the dot of light stopped on his left cheek, gets up and
text: takes the gun from her.
text: He drops it on the couch and raises his eyes to the sound of
text: the helicopter NOW DIRECTLY OVER THE HOUSE. THROUGH THE
text: WINDOWS, we can SEE the searchlight scouring the hillside
text: next to the back yard.
text: The STAR MAN returns to the picture and resumes his
text: transformation. He completes the chin, then continues downward
text: weaving skin and filling in the human characteristics over
text: the entire body.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLEAN ROOM (HOUSTON) - NIGHT
text: We come down an electrical cord that ends in a micro-phone,
text: then down further to DR. BERGEN, a tall thin balding man in
text: his late fifties dressed in the medical equivalent of a
dialog: contamination suit.
speaker_heading: DR. BERGEN
dialog: The creature was hit three times...
text: Using a laser light indicator Dr. Bergen shows us where.
speaker_heading: DR. BERGEN
dialog: ...the arm, the abdomen and the upper
text: chest, the one in the chest being
text: the cause of death. It shattered,
dialog: for want of a better term, the
dialog: creature's backbone. It's not really,
dialog: because it's not jointed. It's simply
text: a hollow shaft of very pliable
dialog: silicate material, as is its entire
text: endoskeleton. The creature seems to
dialog: have tremendous regenerative powers.
dialog: Although it must have died within
dialog: minutes of receiving the fatal wound,
text: the arm and abdomen wounds are almost
dialog: totally healed and the bullet here...
dialog: (indicates with the
dialog: light)
dialog: has begun to dissolve...
scene_heading: INT. SMALL RECTANGULAR ROOM - NIGHT
text: Fox, another CIVILIAN and two MEN in uniform are watching
text: the autopsy on a bank of screens which show Dr. Bergen, the
text: room and various close-ups of the dead extraterrestrial lying
text: on a white glass table lit from underneath.
speaker_heading: DR. BERGEN
dialog: It has veins but no blood. We think,
dialog: and this is just speculation, that
dialog: some form of energy flows from the
dialog: brain, which is much more
dialog: sophisticated than ours, throughout
dialog: the rest of the body... We don't
dialog: think there is any danger of bacterial
dialog: contamination. Our biochemistries
dialog: are too different...
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - NIGHT
text: Shermin and his crew are glued to the monitors, watching the
dialog: autopsy from Houston.
speaker_heading: DR. BERGEN (V.O.)
text: The flesh is gelatinous, the skin is
dialog: very porous and very moist. This is
dialog: another guess, but it probably comes
dialog: from a planet that receives only
text: reflected light, perhaps from a ring
dialog: of moons. Its atmospheric pressure
dialog: is slightly less than ours and it
dialog: contains a great deal more water...
speaker_heading: FOX (V.O.)
dialog: Dr. Bergen, George Fox here in
dialog: Washington. Can you give us an idea
dialog: of why they're here?
speaker_heading: DR. BERGEN (V.O.)
dialog: They're so advanced... I... eh...
dialog: can't imagine what they would want
dialog: from us. I know they could be
dialog: dangerous. But they could also be
dialog: the greatest thing that ever happened
dialog: to mankind...
text: Shermin and his crew share mixed reactions.
scene_heading: INT. JENNY'S HOUSE - BEDROOM - DAWNBREAK
text: Jenny, sitting on the floor with her arms wrapped around her
text: knees, is reflected in a mirror fastened to the back of the
text: closet door. The STAR MAN edges around the door to look at
text: himself in the glass. In baggy tan cords, a windbreaker and
text: a plaid shirt, buttoned all the way to the neck and a button
text: in the wrong hole halfway down the front, he looks like an
text: innocent abroad. He notices the shirt is askew across his
text: chest and, with his new hands, awkwardly resets the buttons.
text: He looks himself over. His movements resemble a human's but
text: are noticeably more precise.
text: The clothes seem right so he leans into the mirror to inspect
text: his face. He squeezes the skin on his cheeks, examines his
text: eyes, turns his head as far as he can to inspect the sides
text: of his face, folds his ears forward to check the skin behind
text: them and he even gives a good two-fisted tug to his hair to
dialog: see if it is on securely.
text: He turns from the mirror and goes over to where the .45 and
text: a leg pouch from his life-support suit are lying on the bed
text: next to a snapshot of the man whose identity he has taken.
text: In the picture the man is dressed exactly as the STAR MAN is
text: now. The STAR MAN picks up the gun and the pouch and, speaking
text: to Jenny in his own language, steps to the door and motions
text: for her to follow. Jenny consciously ignores him. The STAR
text: MAN comes over, reaches down and grabs her arm to pull her
text: to her feet. Jenny squirms back, but he holds her tight. She
text: looks at the hand, almost touches it, then up at the familiar
text: yet disturbingly unfamiliar face above her.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Please...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Don't... don't do this... please...
text: The STAR MAN gets her to her feet and hustles her out of the
text: room. On the dresser is Jenny's wedding picture. The man the
text: STAR MAN has become is her husband.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DAWNBREAK
text: The STAR MAN pulls Jenny down the stairs.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (struggles to free
dialog: herself)
dialog: You're hurting me. Stop.
text: The STAR MAN guides her into the entryway and reaches for
text: the front door. Realizing his intentions, Jenny increases
text: her struggle and manages to pull away.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Oh, God, no! I'm not leaving this
dialog: house with you. You're going to hurt
dialog: me, I know...
text: The STAR MAN looks intently at her, then opens the front
text: door. He taps his chest, points to Jenny and motions to the
text: dawn outside.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (through tears)
dialog: I can't. I'd like to help. You look
dialog: like Scott, but I know you're not. I
dialog: don't know what you are. You gotta
dialog: understand, I'm afraid of you...
text: As Jenny backs into the living room, the STAR MAN closes the
text: door. He raises the gun, examines it quickly, then with his
text: finger around the trigger, points it at Jenny.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Why are you doing this to me? I'll
dialog: give you whatever...
text: The STAR MAN swings the muzzle sights across Jenny's body
text: and FIRES. A FLOOR VASE EXPLODES. Jenny turns to look at the
text: remains, then back to the STAR MAN.
scene_heading: EXT. JENNY'S HOUSE - DAWNBREAK
text: The Mustang is backing out of the driveway with Jenny behind
text: the wheel and the STAR MAN perched nervously on the passenger
dialog: seat.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - DAWNBREAK
text: Wary of what will happen next, the STAR MAN watches Jenny
text: move the gear selector to the drive position.
text: The car jerks forward and he grabs the dashboard to keep
text: from toppling back in the seat.
text: During the ride up the block, his head swivels from side to
text: side trying to take in as much of the darkened urban landscape
text: as he can. When the car stops at a 'stop' sign, he looks at
text: Jenny questioningly.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Please...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Which way do you want to go?
text: She motions ahead and he turns to look at an inter-section
text: with streets running in three directions off of it. His eyes
dialog: question Jenny again.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You can go that way...
dialog: (points left)
dialog: That way...
dialog: (straight ahead)
dialog: That way...
text: She points right. After another look at Jenny, the STAR MAN
text: presses the palms of his hands together, concentrates briefly,
text: then slowly draws them apart. The force field appears between
text: them. On it the solarized view of the United States rotates
text: until the red destination dot is on his right. He drops his
text: hands and points to the right.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (measured)
dialog: That way.
text: The satel compass continues to hover over the dashboard.
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: (staring incredulously
dialog: at the compass)
dialog: God, what are you?
text: She starts her right turn without looking left and fails to
text: see a little MG approaching from that direction. The WAIL OF
text: THE AIR HORN startles Jenny and reflexively she slams on the
dialog: brakes.
text: The Mustang stalls and the MG squeals around them. Jenny
text: checks the STAR MAN. He has pressed himself against the
text: passenger door. The gun lies on the seat next to him. They
text: both look at it. The STAR MAN recovers and picks it up.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (starting the engine)
dialog: I'm sorry...
text: This time when Jenny puts the car into drive, the STAR MAN
text: is ready for the acceleration. The car completes the turn
text: and the compass rotates to its new heading. Looking at it
text: from this angle, Jenny suddenly recognizes it for what it
text: is: an aerial view of the United States.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: That green dot, that's us, isn't
dialog: it... and the red's where you want
dialog: to go?... You don't understand me,
dialog: do you?
text: The STAR MAN looks at her uncomprehendingly.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: I gotta get out of here.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAWNBREAK
text: The Mustang cruises through the industrial section of Eau
dialog: Claire.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - DAWNBREAK
text: The STAR MAN is watching Jenny drive. A set of headlights
text: rushes TOWARD US in the other lane. Jenny twists around to
text: follow the car as it goes by and we SEE the desperation on
text: her face.
text: When she returns her attention to the road, she sneaks a
text: glance at the STAR MAN to see if her action has given away
text: her state of mind. His expression hasn't changed. Jenny takes
text: a deep breath and lets it out slowly. Uttering a phrase in
text: his own language, the STAR MAN touches the steering wheel.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (startled)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (thinking the steering
dialog: wheel is called
dialog: 'what," he repeats)
dialog: What.
text: With the same phrase in his language, he points to the 'gear
dialog: shift.'
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (realizing her mistake)
dialog: Ah... no...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (repeats)
dialog: Ah no.
text: He points to the dashboard. Jenny senses there is going to
dialog: be a great deal of misunderstanding if she uses more words.
text: She shakes her head 'no' and touches the steering wheel.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (enunciates)
dialog: Steering wheel...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (correcting her)
dialog: What.
text: Jenny shakes her head 'no.'
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: Steering wheel.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (repeats)
text: Steering wheel.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (points to the gear
dialog: shift)
dialog: Gear shift.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Gear shift.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (slaps the dashboard)
dialog: Dashboard.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Dashboard.
text: Jenny sees a police car creeping across the intersection
text: ahead of her and interrupts the lesson to stare at it. The
text: STAR MAN looks to where she is looking.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Eh... police.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: Police...
text: He raises the gun off his lap. Jenny tries to distract him.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (raps on the steering
dialog: wheel)
dialog: What?...
text: With his eyes on the police car the STAR MAN ignores her.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Steering wheel...
dialog: (she points to the
dialog: gear shift)
dialog: What?
text: The STAR MAN is intent on the police car. Jenny gives up
text: trying to distract him. The patrol car passes out of their
text: view. The STAR MAN lowers the gun and looks at Jenny.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (unprompted, points
dialog: correctly at each
dialog: item)
dialog: Steering wheel... gear shift...
dialog: dashboard...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (this frightens Jenny
dialog: even more)
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Good.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSECTION - DAWN
text: We COME DOWN FROM a red light TO FIND the Mustang stopped
text: behind the limit line.
speaker_heading: JENNY (V.O.)
dialog: Which way?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN (V.O.)
dialog: That way.
text: The light changes and the car proceeds straight across the
dialog: intersection.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN (V.O.)
dialog: Good.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - DAWN
text: While the STAR MAN picks through the contents of the glove
text: compartment, Jenny looks for a way to escape. An all-night
text: laundromat is a possibility, but it's deserted. The STAR MAN
text: finds the switch on a flash-light and flicks it on and off.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (distant)
text: Flashlight.
text: He puts the flashlight in his lap along with the owner's
text: manual and gas slips and takes a stack of Discount Coupons
text: out of the glove compartment.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Coupons.
text: Jenny sees a set of headlights turn into the oncoming lane.
text: She slides her eyes toward the STAR MAN. He is busy looking
text: through the Coupons. Jenny measures the distance between the
text: Mustang and the oncoming lights. The STAR MAN holds up one
text: of the Coupons and points to a picture of the product.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (curt)
dialog: Pancakes.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Pancakes.
text: He points to the cluster of letters that spells SAVE 35.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: What?
text: Jenny doesn't answer. The distance between the two vehicles
text: is narrowing rapidly.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: What?
text: Jenny sets her jaw and wrenches the steering wheel violently
text: to the left.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAWN
text: The Mustang skids sideways across the center line. The
text: oncoming van jams on its brakes and swerves to its left.
text: Locked in a skid, it drifts toward the Mustang.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - DAWN
text: The STAR MAN sucks himself back in terror as the van descends
text: on him. It swings past his window and clips the rear fender
text: of the Mustang. Both vehicles shudder to a stop. Jenny claws
text: at her door. It swings open. She is halfway out before the
text: STAR MAN manages to grab the tail of her sweatshirt. Jenny
text: begins to scream at the top of her lungs and keeps it up
text: while he tries to wrestle her down on the seat.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAWN
text: A tall, raw-boned MAN in his late twenties storms around the
text: front of his van.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You stupid son of a bitch!!
text: He kicks the Mustang.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Help me!!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You could have killed us both!!
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (battling to maintain
text: her grip on the door
dialog: frame)
dialog: He's kidnapping me!!!
text: The Man bends down to look at the struggle.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Jesus Christ!! You crazy people...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Call the police!!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (not sure he wants to
dialog: get involved)
dialog: Hey buddy... let her go...
text: The STAR MAN increases his efforts and Jenny loses her grip
text: on one of the door frames.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Help me!!!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (grabbing her other
dialog: arm)
dialog: Hey, she doesn't want to go with
dialog: you. Come on.
text: The STAR MAN frees his right hand and blindly searches the
text: floor for the gun. He comes up with it and, shoving the barrel
text: in the Man's face, barks a harsh command in his language.
text: The Man freezes and Jenny stops struggling. It's suddenly
text: very quiet on the street.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Oh God, man... don't shoot me... My
dialog: mistake... I'm sorry...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: He doesn't understand... just walk
dialog: away...
text: The STAR MAN claps a hand over her mouth.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I promise I'm not going to tell
dialog: anybody about this... None of my
dialog: business... I'm going to move now,
dialog: okay...
dialog: (takes a step to one
dialog: side)
dialog: You guys want to fight, that's up to
dialog: you...
dialog: (takes another step)
dialog: I'm leaving now... I won't say a
dialog: word...
text: He keeps his eyes on the STAR MAN until he reaches the back
text: of the Mustang, steals a quick look at the license plate,
text: then blots for his van. The STAR MAN takes his hand off
text: Jenny's mouth and slams her back into her seat. Uttering an
text: expletive in his language he points the gun in her face and
text: keeping it there indicates the red dot on the satel compass
text: floating undisturbed above the dashboard.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Go.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAWN
text: The Mustang moves back into the correct lane and continues
dialog: on.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - DAWN
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Could you put the gun down?
text: The STAR MAN just stares at her. She points to the gun.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Gun... Down... Down.
text: Slowly, he lowers it to his lap.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED LOGGING CAMP - EARLY MORNING
text: Shermin's helicopter is taking on fuel from an Army tanker
text: truck. The pilot and co-pilot are catching forty winks on
text: the grass next to the old bunkhouse.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - EARLY MORNING
text: Major Bell, bleary-eyed and unshaven, is huddled in front of
text: the television screens eating a breakfast off a styrofoam
text: plate. On the top left screen is a satellite picture of
text: Northern Michigan and half of Wisconsin taken with a Doppler
dialog: radar.
text: On the lower left screen is an infrared view of the same
text: area. Over both these views is a schematic of the state
text: boundaries and major cities. On the screens to the right of
text: these views are blow-ups of smaller sections of the overview.
text: Lyman and the radar technician are asleep on the floor. Seated
text: in front of the radio console Shermin is going through the
text: telex messages. Next to him the radio technician is bent
text: over the desk with his head in his forearms.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: There's nothing... No reports of
dialog: sightings or landings or anything...
dialog: in the other parts of the country or
dialog: overseas... Seems like a totally
dialog: isolated incident.
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: It was only an accident that we
dialog: discovered them.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: I know, but...
text: Shermin continues on through the messages. Bell asks the
text: computer to change the pictures on the screens. Rhythmically,
text: a sequence of images appears and disappears.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: You married, Major?
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: Twenty-eight years.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: To the same woman?
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: I tried it once... Fourteen years
dialog: ago... 'I was a lousy husband and a
dialog: worse father. The only thing I'm
dialog: good at is this... At least until
dialog: yesterday.
text: Bell stuffs his breakfast plate into a garbage bag and goes
text: to get a breath of fresh air in the open doorway. Shermin
text: stops at a point on the telex sheet. He reads the message to
dialog: himself again.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: How would you describe the sounds we
dialog: heard coming out of that thing's
dialog: helmet?
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: (after trying to
dialog: imitate them)
dialog: It was kind of like clicking, maybe
dialog: a language wasn't it?
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Listen to this.
dialog: (paraphrasing the
dialog: telex)
dialog: A woman was kidnapped in Eau Claire
dialog: this morning. When a citizen went to
text: her rescue the kidnapper threatened
text: him with a gun and shouted at him in
text: a strange 'clicking gibberish'...
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: It was a man though... right?
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: The police think he was high on
dialog: drugs...
text: Bell shrugs.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: What do you think?
scene_heading: EXT. WISCONSIN FOREST - EARLY MORNING
text: With a rush the helicopter rises out of the trees and thunders
dialog: away.
scene_heading: EXT. JENNY'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: There are Eau Claire police cars on the street. Shermin is
text: out back watching Bell pick his way down the hill. Through
text: the windows we see uniformed policemen in the living room.
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: (slides the last few
dialog: feet down the hill)
dialog: Nothing up there... The grass is
text: matted down in a few places, but
dialog: that could have been anything.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
text: It was the husband. The police finally
dialog: got a hold of the witness at work
text: and showed him a picture of the woman.
text: The man standing next to her in the picture was her husband
dialog: and the witness said that was the guy who kidnapped her.
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: It's the right area, that's for sure.
text: Throughout the above, Shermin has noticed a WOMAN in the
text: house next door peeping through her blinds at the activity
text: around Jenny's. She closes the drapes suddenly when she
text: realizes Shermin has spotted her.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Why the clicking language though?
scene_heading: EXT. NEXT-DOOR HOUSE - EARLY MORNING
text: Shermin knocks and waits on the steps with Bell for someone
text: to answer. We hear a chain being pulled off and the door is
text: opened by a freckled-face MAN in his late thirties, dressed
text: in a business suit and wiping the traces of a breakfast from
text: around his mouth.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Sorry to disturb you, sir, but there's
dialog: been some trouble next door. I'd
dialog: like to ask you a few questions.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: There's a possibility that Mrs.
dialog: Haydn's been kidnapped. We're hoping
dialog: you might have seen something.
text: A WOMAN in a robe opens the door a little wider to include
text: herself in the conversation. She is as freckled as the man
text: and about the same age.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (to the Man)
dialog: I told you...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Judy, that's stupid.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Well, maybe these men won't think
dialog: so. We were asleep when a helicopter
dialog: woke me up. It made me so nervous I
dialog: went into the kitchen for something
dialog: to eat. I happened to look out the
dialog: window and there was Scott Haydn
dialog: with this green thing draped over
text: his arm pulling Jenny down the walk
text: to the car.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You know that's impossible!
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I know what I saw. I've seen him
dialog: enough times.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (giving up on his
dialog: wife and addressing
dialog: Shermin and Lyman)
text: Scott Haydn is dead. He died about
dialog: three months ago. We went to the
dialog: funeral.
text: Shermin and Bell exchange a glance.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE - DAY
text: Jenny's Mustang is sailing through the beautiful Wisconsin
dialog: farmland.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN (V.O.)
dialog: R-r-S-s...
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - DAY
text: The STAR MAN is copying the letters, upper and lower case,
text: from the Owner's Manual he found in the glove compartment,
text: onto the back of an envelope.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: T-t-U...
text: He draws the upper case but has to check the manual for the
dialog: lower case.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: u-V-v...
text: The STAR MAN looks up as they go by a farm.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (pointing correctly
dialog: to the various animals)
dialog: Cow... Dog... Pig...
text: He looks to Jenny for confirmation. She nods absently. He
text: returns to the alphabet.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: W-w...
text: He forms both the upper and lower case 'X-x' and shows them
dialog: to Jenny.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (knows what's coming)
dialog: X...
text: Without smiling the STAR MAN opens his mouth and emits a
text: short chirping laugh.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What's so funny about X?
text: The STAR MAN laughs harder. Jenny watches him warily. He
text: starts to hiccup. He is unable to control it through the
dialog: laughter.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SMALL RECTANGULAR ROOM - DAY
text: Shermin's image waits on the television screen. He is gaunt,
text: tired and visibly shaken. The picture sizzles and breaks up
text: intermittently. Fox and the three men who watched the autopsy
text: stride quickly into the room.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN (V.O.)
dialog: (his voice quavering)
dialog: George, we've just confirmed the
dialog: existence of the live
dialog: extraterrestrial.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: When can we expect containment?
speaker_heading: SHERMIN (V.O.)
dialog: Well, we're in pursuit of a green
dialog: Mustang...
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: (very controlled)
dialog: It's in a green Mustang?
speaker_heading: SHERMIN (V.O.)
dialog: Yes. It's kidnapped a woman at
dialog: gunpoint and from what we can make
text: out is forcing her to drive it
dialog: somewhere.
speaker_heading: MILITARY MAN
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: This one has a weapon.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN (V.O.)
dialog: No, no... A .45, it probably got it
text: in the woman's house. They were last
dialog: seen in downtown Eau Claire...
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: Why did you let it get into a
dialog: populated area?
speaker_heading: SHERMIN (V.O.)
text: It's taken on a disguise.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: Clarify that.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN (V.O.)
text: It's made itself look like the woman's
dialog: dead husband.
text: Static breaks up the t.v. picture. When it returns, Fox leans
text: toward the screen.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: Repeat the last item.
text: Almost reluctantly Shermin holds up Scott Haydn's picture.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN (V.O.)
text: The extraterrestrial now looks like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Oh shit!!!
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE - AFTERNOON
text: Jenny's Mustang moves along through the traffic.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - AFTERNOON
text: We are CLOSE ON the back of a ten-dollar bill.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN (O.S.)
dialog: (reading slowly)
dialog: The United States of America. In God
dialog: We Trust. Ten dollars.
text: We pull back as he holds the ten up to Jenny.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Money.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Money.
text: He holds up a quarter.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Money.
text: Confused, the STAR MAN puts the money back into Jenny's wallet
text: and reads the first card through its plastic window.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Mi-chi-gan driver li-see-ens...
dialog: Jennyhaydn... Money?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (shaking her head
dialog: 'no,' exhausted)
dialog: We're going to have to stop for gas
dialog: soon.
text: Under the license is a picture of Jenny smiling broadly. The
text: STAR MAN looks at Jenny, back at the picture, then imitates
text: the smile for Jenny.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Smile.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Smile... good?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Yes.
text: He practices curling the corners of his mouth up into a smile.
text: One of them freezes as the Interstate curves and a glistening
text: skyline backlit by the afternoon sun comes into view across
dialog: a river.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Minneapolis.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (reaching into the
dialog: leg pouch he took
dialog: from his life-support
dialog: suit)
dialog: Minneapolis... Minneapolis...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What are you doing?
text: He takes out his camera.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: ...What's that?
text: He points the white disc at Minneapolis. With a 'POP,' a
text: cone of light flashes out. It sucks back, almost instantly,
text: bringing with it a three-dimensional image of the skyline.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Minneapolis... good.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You're full of tricks, aren't you?
text: The car starts across the twin cities' bridge.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (taps the fuel gauge)
dialog: We need gas.
text: The STAR MAN looks at the gauge. Jenny scrunches against the
text: door to avoid contact with him.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: No gas.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: No gas.
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: This car runs on gas.
text: She presses the accelerator to the floor. The car jumps
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Gas...
text: She takes her foot off the accelerator and the car quickly
text: slows down.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: No gas.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - AFTERNOON
speaker_heading: JENNY
speaker_heading: (V.O.)
dialog: Gas.
text: The Mustang spurts forward a few yards.
speaker_heading: JENNY
speaker_heading: (V.O.)
dialog: No gas.
text: It staggers down to a crawl.
speaker_heading: JENNY
speaker_heading: (V.O.)
dialog: Gas.
text: The car leaps forward again.
speaker_heading: JENNY
speaker_heading: (V.O.)
dialog: No gas.
text: It drops back to a crawl.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - AFTERNOON
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: No gas... car dead.
text: (her head lolls forward
dialog: on her chest)
dialog: We need gas. I don't want to get
text: shot for running out of gas.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Gas good?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Yes. Very good.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - AFTERNOON
text: We are LOOKING DOWN Jenny's arm AT a gas station just off
text: Interstate 169 in the Minneapolis suburbs.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Gas...
text: The STAR MAN contemplates the station as they pass it, then
text: turns to Jenny, puzzled:
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Go.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: It's closed... closed. We need one
dialog: that's open.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Closed?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You'll see.
text: There are no more gas stations in sight. The STAR MAN becomes
text: bored with the silence. He picks up Jenny's wallet. The
text: driver's license is familiar so he flips to the next window.
text: In it is a picture of an older man and woman standing in
text: front of a church.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (snaps)
dialog: Not what. Who. What is for things.
dialog: (touching the steering
dialog: wheel, dashboard,
dialog: seat, gear shift)
dialog: What? What? What? What? For people
dialog: you use who. Who is he?
dialog: (points to the man in
dialog: the picture)
dialog: Who is she?
dialog: (points to the woman)
dialog: Who are you?
dialog: (points to the STAR
speaker_heading: MAN)
dialog: Who am I?
text: She touches her chest.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (mirrors her gestures)
dialog: Who is he? Who is she? Who are you?
dialog: Who am I?
dialog: (pause; it clicks for
text: him and he points at
dialog: Jenny)
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I am Jenny Haydn.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
text: (flips back to her
dialog: license and reads)
dialog: Jennyhaydn.
text: Jenny nods.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I am...
text: We HEAR MODULATED CLICKS of his percussive LANGUAGE.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: That's a big help. Where are you
dialog: from?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: From?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (leans forward and
dialog: points through the
dialog: windshield at the
dialog: sky)
dialog: Are you from up there? Space?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (leans forward to
dialog: look with her)
dialog: Space?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Up there... I... eh... can't
dialog: explain...
dialog: (leans back)
dialog: But that's the only place you could
dialog: be from.
text: The STAR MAN spots a station on the other side of the
dialog: Interstate.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Gas.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (shakes her head 'no')
dialog: Closed.
text: He taps the fuel gauge which has dipped below empty.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: No gas.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I know.
text: They both scan the horizon for a gas station. When one doesn't
text: come up immediately, the STAR MAN flips to the next picture
text: in the wallet. It is of the man he has become. He is leaning
text: against a fire truck, in uniform.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: My... husband.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I am husband?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: No. I don't know what you are, but
dialog: you're not Scott.
text: Silence. The STAR MAN catches her mood. A tear rolls down
text: Jenny's cheek.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (brushes it away
dialog: angrily)
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Shit?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: No, no... don't say that. Bad word.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (likes the sound of
dialog: it)
dialog: Shit... shit... what shit?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Stop!! Enough!! Jesus! You're worse
dialog: than a parrot!!
text: Like closing a zipper, she slides her fingers across her
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: Mouth closed... closed.
text: The STAR MAN does as he is told. He doesn't like it, but he
text: does it. With his lips puckered, he looks straight down the
text: road. The car rises out of a gulley. Topping a knoll straight
text: ahead is a gas station with an enormous Exxon sign revolving
text: above it. With his lips firmly pressed together, he tugs
text: Jenny's sleeve and points.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I see it.
text: The STAR MAN reaches forward and squeezes the satel compass
text: back into his palms.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - AFTERNOON
text: The Mustang comes up the off-ramp toward the pumps.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - AFTERNOON
text: The STAR MAN'S hand closes around the butt of the .45 when
text: he sees the ATTENDANT step out of the office.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Attendant. He'll give us gas. Put
text: the gun down. Under the seat. Under
dialog: the seat...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Oh God! You're going to get us both
dialog: killed. Okay... in your pocket...
text: She shoves her hand into the pocket of her slacks showing
dialog: him what to do.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: In your pocket... pocket...
text: Jenny eases in next to the pumps and stops. The Attendant is
text: already coming around the front of the car.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: In your pocket, please...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (draws his fingers
dialog: over his lips)
dialog: You. Mouth closed.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Okay.
text: The STAR MAN stuffs the gun into the left pocket of his baggy
text: cords just as the Attendant arrives at the driver's door.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Morning, folks. Fill her up?
text: The STAR MAN looks at Jenny for help. She sweeps her fingers
text: across her mouth to indicate her lips are sealed. The STAR
text: MAN peeks around her at the Attendant.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (overly loud)
dialog: ...Gas...
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: You got it.
text: He leaves the window. The STAR MAN watches him until the
text: nozzle is in the Mustang, then pleased with himself, turns
text: to Jenny and lifts his face into a 'smile.'
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I'm going to the ladies' room. You
dialog: stay here.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - AFTERNOON
text: Jenny gets out of the car. When she straightens up, she finds
text: the STAR MAN staring at her over the roof. She slams the
text: door and strides rapidly in the direction of the ladies'
text: room. Stuffing the green pouch in his pocket, the STAR MAN
text: trots after her.
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: (wheels on him as he
dialog: catches up)
dialog: Go back to the car.
text: The STAR MAN looks at her but doesn't move. Jenny snarls in
text: frustration, then with the STAR MAN on her heels, stalks to
text: the ladies' room and throws open the door.
scene_heading: INT. LADIES' ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: The STAR MAN follows Jenny inside.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: See. It's a bathroom. I'm not trying
dialog: to escape. I just have to go to the
dialog: bathroom.
text: He checks out the stall.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Satisfied? Now get out. Out.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: No.
text: Furious, Jenny steps around him and opens the door. She points
text: to the sign on it.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Women... me.
text: She continues out. The STAR MAN goes after her.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTROOMS - AFTERNOON
text: Jenny points to the sign on the next door.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Men. You go in here.
text: She cracks the door for him.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Come on.
text: He takes the door from her and pushes it open for a look
text: inside. Jenny ducks into the ladies' room. He is confused
text: for a moment then takes a long look at the men's room. It
text: means nothing to him. He backs out and tries the ladies'
text: room. It is locked. Not knowing what to do, the STAR MAN
text: stands uncomfortably in front of the door, then like a child
text: waiting for his mother, he sits on the curb. He watches the
text: Attendant lift the Mustang's hood and reach in for the
text: dipstick. The numbers on the pumps turn over, adding up the
dialog: gallons and the cost of the gas.
text: Everything is peaceful and quiet within the circle of light
text: cast by the gas station. The STAR MAN pulls the camera disc
text: out of his pocket and points it at the pumps. The cone of
text: light flashes out and pulls back its three-dimensional image.
text: The Attendant turns around and waves genially at the STAR
text: MAN, who waves back a perfect imitation of the gesture.
text: The SHARP RUMBLE of a SOUPED-UP HONDA MOTORCYCLE coming up
text: the off-ramp shatters the mood and the STAR MAN gets to his
dialog: feet.
text: He is startled by the image of the RIDER. In a one piece
text: driving skin and helmet he looks amazingly like a space
text: traveller. The STAR MAN steps cautiously forward for a better
text: look and mutters something to himself in his language. The
text: rider stops his bike at the second row of pumps and swings
text: himself stiffly out of the seat.
speaker_heading: RIDER
dialog: Do I need a key for the head?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
text: It's open.
text: Without taking off his helmet, the Rider sets out for the
dialog: men's room.
speaker_heading: RIDER
dialog: (over his shoulder)
dialog: Fill it up.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: You got it.
text: The rider's approach frightens the STAR MAN. He backs up to
text: the ladies' room door and knocks. There is no answer. He
text: tries the knob. With the other hand he inches the gun slightly
text: out of his pocket.
scene_heading: INT. LADIES' ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Jenny is bent over the sink dabbing nail polish around the
text: corners of a paper towel. Her head snaps around to look at
text: the doorknob. It holds.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Just a minute.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTROOMS - AFTERNOON
text: The STAR MAN tenses and forces a smile as the Rider passes
text: in front of him. A VOICE comes from behind the faceplate.
speaker_heading: RIDER
dialog: Howdy... can't get her out.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (thru the smile)
dialog: Gas.
speaker_heading: RIDER
dialog: I know how she feels.
text: The rider enters the men's room. As the door closes behind
text: him, the STAR MAN's face falls and he knocks frantically on
text: the ladies' room door. Jenny opens it under his knuckles. He
text: blocks the doorway and she backs up as he steps inside.
scene_heading: INT. LADIES' ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: The STAR MAN looks around. Jenny's eyes widen at what is
text: happening behind him. The pneumatic arm above the door is
text: pulling it shut to reveal her paper towel pasted to the back.
text: The message on it, written in red lipstick, reads: KIDNAPPED
scene_heading: GOING W ON 169 JADE MUS. LIC#PXV237.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (stepping around him)
dialog: It's still a toilet. Hasn't become a
dialog: ballroom.
text: She tries to swing the door open and hide her message against
text: the wall, but she is too slow. The STAR MAN sees it and steps
dialog: forward to read.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Kid-nap-ped... go-ing W o-n...
text: Jenny realizes he doesn't know what it means.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (on her way out)
dialog: That's very good.
text: Other graffiti on the door helps convince the STAR MAN Jenny's
text: message has nothing to do with him and after a last look at
text: it, he follows her.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - AFTERNOON
text: A CAN of Coke CLATTERS DOWN the chute of a drink dispenser.
text: Jenny picks it up and, with the STAR MAN hovering at her
text: shoulder, moves on to the candy machine. He watches a quarter
text: disappear into the slot and when Jenny picks another one out
text: of her purse, he points to it.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Money.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Yes.
text: She inserts the quarter and makes her selection. A Reese's
text: Peanut Butter Cup drops from its position into the pickup
dialog: bin.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Candy.
text: Using the change from this and another quarter, she selects
dialog: an Almond Joy.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
text: (as it tumbles into
dialog: the bin)
dialog: Money... candy.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
speaker_heading: (to the STAR MAN)
dialog: That'll be fifteen fifty, sir.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Here.
text: She hands him a twenty.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Thank you.
text: He goes to make change.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Jenny pops the top on the Coke can and on the way to the car
text: takes a sip.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: What is...
dialog: (reads off the can)
dialog: ...Coke?
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: A drink.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
text: (holds his hand out
dialog: for it)
dialog: I...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You want to try it?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I want to try it.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: This stuff could kill...
dialog: (changes her mind and
dialog: smiles)
dialog: Be my guest.
text: The STAR MAN fills his mouth, swirls it around and swallows.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (after a loud burp)
dialog: Good.
text: He hands the can back to Jenny. She looks at it and knows
dialog: there are alien bacteria there her body would not like to
dialog: meet.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Eh... you keep it. I've had enough.
text: The STAR MAN takes another drink. He stops dead when he lowers
text: the can. Jenny continues for a few steps before she realizes
text: he isn't with her. She looks back over her shoulder. Her
text: eyes go immediately to where he is looking. The license plate
text: PXV 237 hangs like an accusation on the front bumper of the
text: Mustang. Jenny decides to brazen it out.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (throws the can to
dialog: the ground)
dialog: Shit!
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - AFTERNOON
text: Jenny and the STAR MAN ride along in tight-lipped silence.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: What is kidnapped?
text: Jenny ignores him.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Kidnapped!!!
text: She flinches but remains silent. The STAR MAN snatches the
text: paper towel off his lap and flaps it in her face, jabbing at
text: the word violently with a forefinger.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Kidnapped!!! What is kidnapped?!!
text: Jenny can't take it anymore and screams back at him through
dialog: tears.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Kidnapped is what you're doing to me
text: now!!! Kidnapped is pointing a gun
dialog: at me and taking me from my house!
dialog: Kidnapped is changing yourself into
dialog: my husband. I don't know what you
dialog: are and I don't care. I just want to
dialog: get away from you!
text: Jenny's outburst rocks the STAR MAN back into silence. He
text: waits for her to calm down, then slowly takes the gun out of
text: his pocket.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Jennyhaydn.
text: She doesn't dare look at him.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I am good.
dialog: (and he slides the
dialog: .45 under his seat)
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE - NIGHT
text: Jenny speeds up to pass a truckload of horses.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: What is that?
text: She doesn't answer. The car passes the truck. The highway
text: before them is empty.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Horses.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (without looking at
dialog: her)
dialog: Horses.
text: Jenny TURNS ON the RADIO and finds a COUNTRY AND WESTERN
dialog: STATION.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Music.
text: It is pleasing to him and he listens for a while, then reaches
text: in his pouch and takes out one of the dusty gray marbles. He
text: rolls it between his palms. It changes to a glowing gold as
text: it grows to the size of a baseball.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: What are you doing?!
text: The STAR MAN brings the globe close to his mouth and speaks
dialog: into it.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: Iron channel message. Transmute was
dialog: successful. Have captured one of
dialog: them. It is taking me to the pick-up
text: point in a land vehicle.
dialog: (eyeing Jenny)
dialog: I think I can control it by mastering
dialog: its language, which is primitive and
dialog: easy to learn. Will arrive on time.
dialog: Wait for me.
text: The STAR MAN opens his hands and, to Jenny's astonishment,
text: the ball rises quickly and seeps through her roof without
text: leaving a trace.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE - NIGHT
text: The Mustang swerves violently, then straightens itself as
text: the ball comes through the roof and surges into the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - NIGHT
text: Unexpectedly, Shermin's helicopter storms into view. It is
text: so close we can count the rivets. As it clears, we go to:
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - NIGHT
text: The flow of traffic on the Interstate below is being fed
text: into the six television screens from infrared cameras on the
text: belly of the craft. The image on the screen under the master
text: begins to move and ends in a close-up of a green Mustang.
text: It's not Jenny's. With a buzz the red dot appears and Fox's
text: face interrupts the view of the Mustang.
speaker_heading: FOX (V.O.)
dialog: I just came from a meeting with the
dialog: Security Council and
dialog: (the picture breaks
dialog: up, but the voice
dialog: continues)
dialog: in view of the extraterrestrial's
dialog: radical change and the fact that all
dialog: our efforts
dialog: (the picture re-
dialog: assembles)
dialog: to contact its ship remain unanswered,
dialog: it was decided to issue a ten state
dialog: 'all points bulletin' for Scott Haydn,
text: Jenny Haydn and the green Mustang.
dialog: The officers have been instructed
dialog: not to approach the people or the
dialog: vehicle but to contact you. You will
dialog: then move in and contain the subjects.
text: Shermin rubs his hands over his face while he digests this.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: (sorting it out)
dialog: You sure you want this, because...
dialog: that's putting an awful lot of faith
dialog: in people we have no control over...
speaker_heading: FOX (V.O.)
dialog: I'm afraid the situation demands
dialog: that kind of risk.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: I don't like it, George...
speaker_heading: FOX (V.O.)
dialog: Dammit Shermin. Earlier you were
dialog: asking for help. What's changed?
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: It's messy... the thing's got a gun...
dialog: We're just asking for somebody to
dialog: get killed...
speaker_heading: FOX (V.O.)
dialog: We don't know what else to do. We
dialog: need results.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: (accepting)
dialog: You'll get results one way or the
dialog: other, that's for sure... Okay.
speaker_heading: FOX (V.O.)
dialog: I'm gonna be here if you need
dialog: anything.
text: His image is replaced by one of the highway.
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: They're gonna let some local cop
dialog: blow him away.
speaker_heading: LYMAN
dialog: Save us all a lot of trouble.
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: Jesus Lyman, you're an ignorant fool.
speaker_heading: LYMAN
dialog: Bullshit!
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: You have no conception of this, do
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: LYMAN
dialog: You jerk! You look at all the
dialog: sweetness and light and goodness you
dialog: think'll come out of this. You know
dialog: what's gonna come out of this... The
dialog: end of religion, the end of
text: civilization, the end of the earth.
dialog: We could become slaves, we could
dialog: become a colony of these things.
dialog: Don't you see that? Are you too stupid
dialog: to see that?
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Are you ladies through?...
text: Bell and Lyman look at their feet.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Good... It looks like we might be
dialog: the welcoming committee, so I think
dialog: we should try and figure out what
dialog: we're gonna do if we have to come
dialog: face to face with this creature.
speaker_heading: LYMAN
dialog: Bell wants us to get down on our
text: knees and bow.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: (to Bell)
dialog: Did your people have any contingencies
dialog: rehearsed?
speaker_heading: MAJOR BELL
dialog: No... I guess we never thought it
dialog: would happen.
text: It's Shermin's turn to look at his feet.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Terrific.
text: On one of the screens behind him the camera has picked up a
text: lighted billboard advertising 'Kellogg's Corn Flakes' with
dialog: its slogan 'HAVE A GREAT DAY.'
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - EARLY MORNING
text: Jenny's Mustang is barreling along well over the speed limit.
text: As it PASSES US, we PAN WITH it TO a sign: SLOW FOR
scene_heading: INTERSECTION.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSECTION - EARLY MORNING
text: A truckload of corn is hurtling down ON US from the north.
text: An empty semi is rumbling up from the south. The light is in
dialog: their favor.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - EARLY MORNING
text: The STAR MAN is driving. It is obvious that he doesn't see
text: the red light facing him. But Jenny does. And she also sees
text: the trucks closing in from either side.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (loud)
dialog: Red light!
text: The STAR MAN doesn't see it, doesn't believe her, doesn't
dialog: slow down.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Stop!!!
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSECTION - EARLY MORNING
text: It is as if all three vehicles have heard Jenny. They slam
text: on their brakes at the same time and begin to skid toward
dialog: each other. It's going to be close.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - EARLY MORNING
text: The prows of the trucks loom over Jenny and the STAR MAN
text: and, for a fleeting instant, it looks like they will join
text: the bugs imbedded in the radiators.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSECTION - EARLY MORNING
text: The Mustang barely squeaks through and the trucks slam into
text: each other behind it, spilling corn all over the highway.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - EARLY MORNING
text: It finally comes to a stop on the center line.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: That was a red light!! I told you
dialog: you have to stop at a red light!!
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (sheepish)
dialog: It was yellow.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You didn't even see it.
text: The STAR MAN looks back for the traffic light. It is hanging
text: from a pole in the middle of the road. Under it the truck
text: DRIVERS are climbing out of the cabs.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I will see it next time.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You better.
text: The STAR MAN angles back into his lane and begins to pick up
dialog: speed.
scene_heading: EXT. SIOUX FALLS - SOUTH DAKOTA - DAY
text: Deftly, the STAR MAN moves in and out of the afternoon
text: traffic. A bus coming in the other direction hits a pothole
text: filled with water and the SPLASH covers the Mustang.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - DAY
text: Jenny watches the STAR MAN calmly turn on the wipers and the
text: washer and clean the windshield. The light above the
text: intersection ahead turns red and, even though he is still
text: fiddling with the wipers, the STAR MAN manages a smooth stop
text: back of the crosswalk.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (indicating the red
dialog: dot on the satel
dialog: compass)
dialog: Why are you going here? What is here?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: My...
dialog: (searches for word)
dialog: ...car will take me...
text: (pokes finger toward
dialog: sky)
dialog: ...up there... home.
text: The light changes and the STAR MAN continues down the street.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (at the red dot again)
dialog: When do you have to be here?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I do not understand.
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: (rubs her temples and
dialog: laments to herself)
dialog: How will I do this one?...
text: The answer is hovering above the city in front of them.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (pointing to the sun)
dialog: Sun...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Sun... day. No sun... night. You
dialog: understand?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Yes. Day... night.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: How many days and nights do you have
dialog: to go...
dialog: (prods the red dot)
dialog: ...here?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Three nights... two days.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: That's not much time. I'll just slow
dialog: you down. I have to sleep. I'm very
dialog: tired. And I have to wash and eat.
dialog: You don't...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I need you.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I won't tell anybody if that's what
dialog: you're worried about. I promise.
dialog: You'll keep...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You'll keep the car. I'll take a
dialog: bus...
dialog: (an awful possibility
dialog: occurs to her)
dialog: Am I going up there with you... in
dialog: your ship... up there?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Then let me go. You don't need me.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I feel like I'm going crazy here.
dialog: You're Scott. But he's dead. I don't
dialog: know what's real anymore. I can't be
dialog: here with you.
text: The STAR MAN is unyielding.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Do you understand what I'm saying to
dialog: you? You can keep the car.
dialog: (she hands him some
dialog: money)
dialog: That should be enough for gas from
dialog: here to there. Please let me go.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
text: (taps the red dot on
dialog: the satel compass)
dialog: When we get here.
text: Jenny slams herself angrily back in the seat.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You bastard.
text: Her upper lip trembles and, in spite of herself, she might
text: cry. The STAR MAN sees the center lane is open. He checks
text: his side mirror and drifts over, only to be caught by a light.
text: The car is still rolling when Jenny makes her move. She throws
text: open the door and, by the time the STAR MAN turns around,
text: she is out and running.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Jennyhaydn!
text: He takes his foot off the brake to go after her and the car
text: lurches into the cross traffic. He clambers back behind the
text: wheel, regains control and cuts a hard right in front of the
text: other car waiting at the light.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - SIOUX FALLS - DAY
text: Over her shoulder, Jenny can see the Mustang coming. She
text: dodges up a brick walkway toward a J.C. Penney shopping mall.
text: The Mustang skids to a stop at the curb. The STAR MAN jumps
text: out in time to see Jenny push her way past a stream of
text: pedestrian traffic and enter the mall. He leaves the car and
text: zigzags through the people in that direction.
scene_heading: INT. SHOPPING MALL - DAY
text: As he barges in, the STAR MAN accidentally knocks a cup of
text: Coke out of a YOUNG MAN's hand.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Hey!!
text: In a panic to find Jenny, he continues jostling past people
text: to look in the shops that border the atrium.
speaker_heading: MEZZANINE
text: Jenny warily approaches the railing and peers over. Below
text: her the STAR MAN comes out of a record store. She turns away
text: and gets on the escalator to the second floor.
scene_heading: ON THE GROUND FLOOR
text: The STAR MAN thinks he sees Jenny in an electronics store,
text: but when the girl turns around, it is obviously not her.
text: Backing out of there, he knocks over a sandwich board
text: advertising a restaurant. The LOUD THWACK it makes when it
text: hits the cement turns faces in his direction.
text: Jenny's is not among them. His eyes raise to the mezzanine.
text: Maybe she's there. He looks wildly around for a way up. He
text: spots the escalator and, trying to keep the upper floor in
text: view while he runs for it, he slams into an unattended pram.
text: It begins to tip over. The BABY INSIDE SCREAMS. The STAR MAN
text: manages to snatch it out of the carriage before it hits the
text: floor. He is looking for a place to put it when the MOTHER
text: comes charging out of a plant store.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: My baby!!! He's stealing my baby!
dialog: Burt!!
text: The STAR MAN holds the baby out to her.
text: She grabs it out of his hands and he turns to leave.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Burt!! Somebody stop him!! He was
dialog: stealing my baby!!
text: Two tough-looking MEN in T-shirts step in to block the STAR
text: MAN's way to the escalator.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Where you think you're going?
text: Not understanding, the STAR MAN tries to get by them. They
text: push him back.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Please.
text: A tall, skinny blond man with spectacles elbows his way to
dialog: the Mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: He was trying to steal Gloria.
text: Two steps and Burt is on the STAR MAN. He spins him around.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Is that right? Huh?
text: He throws him back against the crowd that has gathered.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (stutters)
dialog: Please.
text: Burt pulls the STAR MAN up by his shirt front and shakes
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Is that right? Come on. Answer me.
text: Fear erases the STAR MAN's tenuous grasp of English and he
text: begins to jabber in his own language. This makes Burt even
dialog: madder.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Were you trying to steal my baby?
dialog: Huh? Answer me!
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Jennyhaydn!
speaker_heading: SECOND FLOOR
text: Jenny has just gotten on the escalator to the third floor
text: when she hears her name. She knows she shouldn't but she
text: gets off and joins the crowd at the railing. From there, she
text: can see the STAR MAN trapped in a circle of people. He clubs
text: Burt away from him and tries to thrash his way out of the
dialog: mob.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Jennyhaydn!
text: One of the T-shirts throws him back and Burt begins to punch
text: him. We MOVE IN UNTIL we are CLOSE ON Jenny's face.
speaker_heading: GROUND FLOOR
text: Some of the onlookers have joined Burt in his attempt to
text: bring the STAR MAN down. Growling in his own language, the
text: STAR MAN fights back as best he can. The sleeve of his
text: windbreaker is torn. One of the T-shirts lands a blow on his
text: right shoulder that turns the STAR MAN around. He takes a
text: blow on the chest. Another in the kidneys. Burt gets a grip
text: on the STAR MAN's left wrist and holds on. The attackers
text: close in. Jenny's voice cuts through the din.
speaker_heading: JENNY (O.S.)
dialog: Stop it!!! Stop it!!!
text: She barges into the fray and starts peeling the men away
speaker_heading: from the STAR MAN.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Get away from him!! Leave him alone!!
dialog: You stupid jerks!! He's retarded!!
dialog: Can't you see that?!! Get away from
dialog: him!!
text: The men do. Jenny pushes the sleeve of the torn wind-breaker
text: back up on the STAR MAN's shoulder.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: He was stealing my baby...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You're wrong!! He would never do
dialog: anything like that!!
speaker_heading: (takes STAR MAN's
dialog: hand)
dialog: Let's go...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: He had Gloria in his hands!
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: He's retarded! I shouldn't have left
dialog: him alone!
text: She starts to push out of the circle. Burt steps in to block
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (hisses)
dialog: Get out of my way.
text: She stares at him until he does, then leads the STAR MAN
text: down the path that opens for them in the crowd. They pass a
text: MALL GUARD who has just arrived.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - SIOUX FALLS - DAY
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Still shaken, the STAR MAN nods. Jenny realizes that it is
text: comforting to him to have his hand in hers and she leads him
text: like a child down the sidewalk to the Mustang.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
text: (as Jenny puts him in
dialog: the passenger seat)
dialog: Thank you.
text: The Mall Guard follows them down the walk-way and watches
text: them drive off. He scribbles the license number in his
dialog: notebook.
scene_heading: INT. GREYHOUND BUS STATION - SIOUX FALLS - DAY
text: At the counter Jenny puts her Visa card back into her wallet
text: while the CLERK staples the pages of a ticket into a travel
dialog: folder.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (handing it to her)
text: Gate three. It's boarding now.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Have a nice trip.
text: We FOLLOW Jenny THROUGH the people milling around the benches
text: in the waiting area TO the STAR MAN seated in an open-faced
text: coffee shop. He is watching a MOTHER feed her baby in the
text: booth across from him. A map of the United States is spread
text: out on the formica. Jenny plunks herself down catty-cornered
text: from him. The tear in his sleeve has been closed with safety
dialog: pins.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: The closest I was able to get you
dialog: was Lathrop Wells...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (pointing to baby)
dialog: Is that a baby?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: A baby is a new person?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Eh... yes...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Do you have a baby?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: No... The closest...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I'd love to have a baby. But I
dialog: can't...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I can't... Forget the baby. Okay?
dialog: The closest I was able to get you
dialog: was Lathrop Wells. You'll have to
text: hitchhike the rest of the way.
text: The STAR MAN looks at the map. Lathrop Wells is a small town
text: north of Las Vegas on Highway 95. From there he runs his
text: finger to a spot in the Funeral Range of Death Valley.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: But I must go here.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I know that. But the buses don't go
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: What is hitchhike?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: That's easy. I'll explain that in a
dialog: minute. This is your ticket. When
dialog: you get on the bus here, the driver
dialog: will take this part. You will ride
dialog: to Omaha. When you get to Omaha, ask
dialog: the driver. 'Salt Lake City, please.
dialog: I do not speak English.'
text: The STAR MAN nods that he understands.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Say it.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: 'Salt Lake City, please. I do not
dialog: speak English.'
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: The driver will...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: But I speak English.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Will you please do it my way? You'll
dialog: get into trouble if you don't. If
dialog: anybody talks to you, tell them... I
dialog: do not speak English.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (indignant)
dialog: I do not speak English.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Right. In Omaha the driver will put
dialog: you on the bus for Salt Lake City
dialog: and the new driver will take...
dialog: (bends back second
dialog: portion of ticket)
dialog: ...this part. When you get to Salt
dialog: Lake City, ask the driver, 'Las Vegas,
dialog: please'...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: 'Las Vegas, please. I do not speak
dialog: English.' What is hitchhike?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You want this ticket?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Then don't be smart.
speaker_heading: P.A. SYSTEM (V.O.)
dialog: Last call for bus 33 to Vermillion,
text: Sioux City and Omaha... loading at
dialog: Gate 3.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: That's your bus.
text: (picks up the map and
dialog: folds it)
dialog: When you get to Las Vegas, ask the
dialog: driver. 'Lathrop Wells, please. I do
dialog: not speak English.'
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (falling into step
dialog: next to her)
dialog: 'Lathrop Wells, please. I do not
dialog: speak English.'
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (hands him the map)
dialog: You keep this. Now this is hitch-
dialog: hike...
dialog: (stops in the middle
dialog: of the waiting area
dialog: to illustrate)
dialog: You stand on the side of the road,
dialog: the highway... you understand? And
dialog: you face the cars going in the
dialog: direction you want to go. When you
dialog: see a car or a truck coming, you
dialog: stick out your thumb like this...
text: Jenny takes a few sweeps at an imaginary highway with her
text: thumb. The stares this pantomime draws make the STAR MAN
text: more nervous about the bus trip than he already is.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Your thumb tells the driver that you
dialog: want a ride.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: The car will stop?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (continuing toward
dialog: the loading platform)
dialog: Not every car, but... a car will
dialog: stop... Maybe not the first car...
dialog: maybe number eight, number fifteen...
text: The STAR MAN stops.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: When do I get to Lathrop Wells?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Tomorrow morning. Start hitch-hiking
dialog: right away and...
text: Jenny pushes open a glass door to:
scene_heading: EXT. LOADING PLATFORM - DAY
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: ...you'll have plenty of time to get
dialog: to where you want to go.
text: The STAR MAN hangs back when he sees the security guards.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Don't worry. They're not going to
dialog: hurt you. Come on.
dialog: (gives him ticket)
dialog: Only show this to the driver. Nobody
dialog: else. And don't lose it.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Can I have the gun?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: No.
text: She maneuvers him into the end of the line.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You might need this.
text: She takes some of the paper money out of her wallet and stuffs
text: it in his pocket.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Don't be afraid. Do what I told you
dialog: and you'll be okay.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Yes.
text: The line moves forward a step.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Well... I'm going to go now.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Go?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Yes. I have a long ride ahead of
dialog: me...
dialog: (takes his hand)
dialog: Goodbye.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Goodbye.
text: He watches her walk away.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Jennyhaydn.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Please stay.
text: Jenny comes back and takes his hand.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I'll stay till you get on the bus.
text: A family of four climbs aboard and the line moves up. The
text: STAR MAN is alert to everything happening on the platform.
text: Jenny sneaks him an affectionate look. No one in front of
text: him has baggage to check and they move quickly past the DRIVER
text: until the STAR MAN is next in line.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Ticket?
text: The STAR MAN hands the Driver his ticket. The Driver rips
text: out the first coupon and hands it back.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: See? You're going to be okay.
text: When they stop at the door, she impulsively kisses him on
dialog: the cheek.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Goodbye.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (touches his cheek)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: It's a kiss...
text: (she motions for him
dialog: to get on the bus)
dialog: Goodbye...
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Let's go.
text: The STAR MAN climbs the steps just ahead of him. The door
text: closes. Its ENGINE REVVING, the bus backs out of its stall.
text: Jenny catches a glimpse of the STAR MAN bent over in the
text: aisle looking out at her. She waves until the bus rounds the
dialog: building.
scene_heading: EXT. GREYHOUND PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Jenny's green Mustang loops around the end of a row of cars
text: and heads for the street.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - DAY
text: LOOKING OVER Jenny's SHOULDER, we SEE the Star Man waiting
text: for her at the curb.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Oh no...
text: She stops next to him and rolls down her window.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I was afraid.
text: Jenny moans and lays her head on the vinyl of the window
text: sill. When she raises up, he smiles at her.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Okay, you win. Get in.
scene_heading: INT. SHOPPING MALL - DAY
text: Shermin is standing next to the security guard in the middle
text: of a knot of shouting people.
speaker_heading: SHOPKEEPER
dialog: This kind of thing's real bad for
dialog: business...
speaker_heading: TOUGH
dialog: He couldn't even speak English.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Those kind of people should be shot.
speaker_heading: ONLOOKER
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: I think he was just lost...
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Who's side are you on?
speaker_heading: TOUGH
dialog: No way he was going to get away from
dialog: me.
text: We move in on a lapel mike pinned to the front of Shermin's
dialog: shirt.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - DAY
text: The hubbub in the shopping center is being recorded on a
text: tape deck. Lyman, a phone to his ear, is seated in front of
text: the television screens.
speaker_heading: LYMAN
dialog: Where's that?... And it was one
dialog: person, one way...
text: He hangs up and heads for the rear door. Jenny Haydn's current
text: Visa statement occupies the upper left screen. The last two
dialog: items are circled: The charge for the Greyhound ticket and
dialog: the credit for the return of that ticket.
scene_heading: EXT. SHOPPING MALL - DAY
text: The security guard tags Shermin into the parking lot.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Eyewitnesses are the worst. You get
dialog: two of them together. You got three
dialog: stories. You know what I mean?
text: Shermin sees Lyman come out of the crowd surrounding the
text: police cars in front of the helicopter.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Is there a reward in this?
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Huh?... Eh... no, there isn't
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Because I'm the one who called the
dialog: police, you know.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Yeah, thanks. We appreciate that.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Hey, it's none of my business why
dialog: you're chasing a retard... You want
dialog: my opinion, it's the girl. She had
dialog: to hold the guy's hand all the way
text: to the car like he was a kid.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: You saw that?
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Hey... he didn't look like no big
dialog: time criminal to me.
text: Lyman meets them. It is obvious he has something to tell
dialog: Shermin.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Eh... the store tells you to call
dialog: when there's trouble, so they won't
dialog: get sued... But that shouldn't matter
dialog: if there's a reward, right?
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: I wouldn't think so.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: (peeling off)
dialog: That's what I thought. So remember
dialog: it was me because sometimes rewards
dialog: come late, you know.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: We will.
dialog: (he turns to Lyman)
dialog: Something's wrong here. She's helping
dialog: him now.
speaker_heading: LYMAN
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: I know. She bought him a ticket for
dialog: Lathrop Wells and put him on the
text: bus. He didn't stay on though and
text: they drove off together.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Doesn't make sense.
speaker_heading: LYMAN
dialog: Maybe he's turned her into one of
text: them. They enter the crowd around
dialog: the helicopter.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE 29 - DAY
text: The Mustang cruises along between fields of corn.
speaker_heading: JENNY (V.O.)
dialog: Why did your ship land on this
dialog: planet... on Earth?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN (V.O.)
dialog: It was a mistake.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. MUSTANG - DAY
dialog: The following conversation will be played over various views
text: of Americana: a station wagon load of kids, waving and
text: laughing, lovers kissing at a bus stop, billboards, car lots,
text: a dog taking a leak against a tree, cheerleaders practicing
text: on a football field, a funeral cortege, a telephone repairman
text: up on a pole.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You thought we were a different
dialog: planet?!
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: No. My ship was doing a map of all
dialog: the suns and...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Stars... When a sun is far away, we
dialog: call it a 'star.'
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: We were doing a map of the stars and
dialog: all the other things up there when
dialog: we saw a small ship. My... eh... we
text: kidnapped it. On it there was a map
dialog: that said how to come to Earth. This
dialog: was very important. Before then, we
dialog: thought we were the only people in
dialog: all the stars.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You did? That's funny. So did we.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: We told our home, and the people who
dialog: tell us what to do on my planet said
dialog: to come and look but not to talk,
dialog: not to land, not to shoot. Just to
dialog: look from up there. We came and...
dialog: the driver of my ship...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: The captain...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: The captain wanted to land to see
dialog: close and to get some things from
dialog: Earth to take home. The police came
dialog: and shot at us. One of the people
dialog: from my ship was killed.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Oh, that's terrible. I'm sorry. Was
dialog: he a good friend?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I don't understand 'friend.'
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: A friend is a person that is good to
dialog: you... someone you like to be with...
dialog: someone you like to laugh with...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: He was a good friend... The captain
dialog: took the ship away fast and I was
text: not in the ship.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: The police shouldn't have started
dialog: shooting. But you can hardly blame
dialog: them. You surprised them. They didn't
dialog: know you were up there. When they
dialog: saw you, they thought you were here
dialog: to hurt us.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Sounds like your captain's going to
dialog: get hell when he gets back home.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: What is hell?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: It's bad.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: He will.
text: Pause. Jenny feels the STAR MAN staring at her. She turns to
text: look at him. His gaze doesn't waver. She looks back at the
text: road, then back at the STAR MAN.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Are you my friend?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I am your friend.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE 80 - NIGHT
text: Jenny's Mustang is whipping west out of Lincoln, Nebraska.
text: We HEAR A JUMBLE OF RADIO STATIONS as the SELECTOR is RUN
text: THROUGH THE FREQUENCIES.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - NIGHT
text: Jenny is driving. The STAR MAN finds a RELIGIOUS STATION ON
dialog: the RADIO.
speaker_heading: PREACHER (V.O.)
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: God is your creator. God is your
dialog: master. God is you savior. God is
dialog: the only reason that you exist. If
dialog: God...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (during the above)
dialog: Who is God?
text: Jenny is tired. She doesn't want to get into that.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Nobody knows.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I don't know.
text: The STAR MAN lets it drop and finds a COUNTRY AND WESTERN
dialog: STATION.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I like this music.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I've noticed... Do you understand
dialog: what they're saying?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
text: Not all... but it feels like a kiss.
text: Jenny smiles at him, then:
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Do you have music up there?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I'd like to hear it. Can you sing
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I do not want to.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Don't be afraid... I'd really like
dialog: to hear it.
text: She TURNS OFF the RADIO.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Please.
text: He turns away from her, clears his throat and begins. His
dialog: singing is like nothing we have ever heard. Vibrations of
text: tones and glottal stops blend into a haunting, seductive
text: fugue. The STAR MAN stops.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I am not a good singer.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: That was beautiful.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: You liked my singing?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Yes. Sing some more.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE 80 - NIGHT
text: With the STAR MAN's SERENADE WAFTING over the Nebraska plains,
text: we FALL BACK TO FIND a Highway Patrol car tagging along at a
text: safe distance behind the Mustang.
scene_heading: EXT. BEST WESTERN MOTEL - NIGHT
text: The STAR MAN stops the Mustang in front of the office. He
text: and Jenny get out and go inside. As the door closes on them,
text: three Nebraska Highway Patrol cars speed up the off-ramp.
text: The lead car turns right on a surface street and enters the
text: motel parking lot at the far end.
text: The middle car goes straight across the intersection and
text: positions itself at the curb next to the driveway, giving
text: access to a frontage road which leads to an on-ramp. The
text: last car also turns right on the surface street, but parks
text: in a restaurant parking lot directly across from the office.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - BEST WESTERN MOTEL - NIGHT
text: In answer to Jenny's bell, the night CLERK comes out of the
text: living quarters in the back, finger combing his sleep-rumpled
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: What can I do for you folks?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: How much are your rooms?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Thirty-seven fifty for one person,
dialog: forty-nine fifty for two.
text: Drawn by the bright colors on their covers, the STAR MAN
text: wanders over to the magazine rack. By chance, he selects a
text: copy of 'Playgirl' and begins to look through it.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You have one with two beds?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I'll take that.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (slides her a
dialog: registration card)
dialog: Fill this out.
dialog: (as Jenny writes)
dialog: Will this be cash or credit card?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Credit card.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: I'll have to run your card off now.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (digging through her
dialog: purse)
dialog: We're only going to be here a few
dialog: hours...
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: It's still the full price.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Jenny, look...
text: From behind the STAR MAN, we WATCH Jenny react to the open
text: Playgirl centerfold that he is holding up.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Put that back.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: But I have never seen this before. I
dialog: am not complete.
text: Although we cannot see it, we know what he is pointing at.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Put it back.
text: The STAR MAN swivels the picture around so that he can see
text: it. Jenny hands the smirking Clerk her credit card. He steps
text: to the side and inserts it into the imprinter. Out of the
text: corner of his eye, he sees a dot of light leave the STAR
text: MAN's forehead to drop behind the magazine and into his
dialog: trousers.
text: The Clerk glances over at Jenny to see if she hears the
text: HISSING that is going on behind the STAR MAN's fly. She does
text: and she hopes it'll stop soon. His eyes on the STAR MAN, the
text: Clerk fumbles the key to 117 off the rack.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: You can park your car in front of
dialog: the room.
text: He drops the key on the counter.
scene_heading: INT. MIDDLE PATROL CAR - NIGHT
text: Through his side window, the DRIVER can see the motel office.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (into microphone of
dialog: his radio)
dialog: What did these two do?
scene_heading: INT. LAST PATROL CAR - NIGHT
speaker_heading: SECOND DRIVER
dialog: All anybody knows is that they're
text: armed and dangerous.
text: In the office, he can see Jenny and the STAR MAN leave the
text: counter and head for the door. He raises a pair of binoculars
text: to his eyes for a good head-on look at them.
scene_heading: THROUGH THE BINOCULARS
text: We SEE Jenny and the STAR MAN come out of the motel office.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: The Second Officer lowers the glasses and looks down at the
text: telex pictures of Jenny and the STAR MAN taped to the
text: dashboard.
speaker_heading: SECOND OFFICER
dialog: Be a piece of cake for us to take
dialog: 'em.
scene_heading: INT. LEAD PATROL CAR - NIGHT
text: THROUGH the WINDSHIELD, we can SEE Jenny and the STAR MAN
text: approaching the Mustang.
speaker_heading: THIRD DRIVER
dialog: National Security folks should be
dialog: here any minute. Let them take care
dialog: of it. That's what they get the big
dialog: bucks for.
scene_heading: EXT. BEST WESTERN MOTEL - NIGHT
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I want a drink. May I have two
dialog: quarters?
text: At the passenger door, Jenny sets her purse on the car roof
text: to take out her wallet.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (handing it to him)
dialog: You shouldn't drink so much of that
dialog: stuff. It's bad for you.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: On the radio they say it's good.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Hurry up.
text: Over her purse she notices the patrol car facing her from
dialog: the restaurant parking lot. There is certainly nothing unusual
text: about a patrol car in a restaurant parking lot. She shrugs
text: it off and gets in the Mustang.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - NIGHT
text: Jenny's behind hasn't even hit the seat before she sees the
text: patrol car parked on the frontage road off to her left. She
text: looks at the STAR MAN. He's busy pounding on the drink
text: machine. She turns around to check the lot behind her and
text: spots the patrol car there.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (coming to the car
text: with a drink can in
dialog: each hand)
dialog: The machine gave me two. Should I
dialog: put one back?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: No. Get in.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (rounding the hood)
dialog: You can have one.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (as he gets in)
dialog: I'm not sleepy anymore. Let's drive
dialog: for a little while longer.
text: The STAR MAN stiffens when he sees the patrol car on the
text: frontage road.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Are you angry at me?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: No. I'm just not tired. Let's go.
scene_heading: EXT. BEST WESTERN MOTEL - NIGHT
text: The Mustang moves toward the frontage road.
scene_heading: INT. LAST PATROL CAR - NIGHT
speaker_heading: SECOND DRIVER
dialog: (as the Mustang rolls
dialog: onto the frontage
dialog: road)
dialog: They made us. Let's get 'em.
scene_heading: EXT. BEST WESTERN MOTEL - NIGHT
text: All three patrol cars jam on their rack lights and, with
text: their SIRENS HOWLING, peel out after Jenny and the STAR MAN.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - NIGHT
text: At the SOUND, the STAR MAN snaps his attention to the rear
text: view mirror. It's ablaze with police lights. He tromps on
dialog: the gas.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: No.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - NIGHT
text: Shermin is patched into the Nebraska Highway Patrol and is
text: listening to the pursuit.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE 80 - NIGHT
text: The Mustang careens down the on-ramp and squeezes into the
text: traffic a hair's breath ahead of an 18-wheeler. This cuts
text: off the patrol cars momentarily, but the Mustang doesn't
text: have the speed to stay ahead of them. Using the other cars
text: on the road as shields, the STAR MAN dodges from lane to
text: lane trying to keep the police from coming alongside.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - NIGHT
text: The lead patrol car feints forward on the STAR MAN's side.
text: The STAR MAN sways over to cut it off and the middle patrol
text: car slips in next to Jenny. The STAR MAN grabs the gun from
text: under the seat.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: No!!! No!!!
scene_heading: INT. MIDDLE PATROL CAR - NIGHT
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: He's got a gun!!
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - NIGHT
text: Jenny screams.
text: A shotgun blast from the middle patrol car rips through the
text: door and into Jenny. Part of the FRONT WINDOW is BLOWN OUT.
text: Bleeding badly, she slumps against the STAR MAN.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Jennyhaydn! Jennyhaydn!!
text: Her eyelids flutter open and she tries to speak, but can't.
text: The middle patrol car is lining up for another shot. The
text: STAR MAN slams the Mustang into it, sending it spinning onto
text: the shoulder and into a ditch.
text: The last patrol car speeds up to replace it. The lead patrol
text: car slips in next to the STAR MAN. They've got him in a
text: sandwich. The STAR MAN stands on his brakes.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE 80 - NIGHT
text: Caught by surprise, the patrol cars rocket ahead of him. The
text: Mustang cuts across the swatch of land that acts as a center
text: divider in the highway and races west in the eastbound lanes.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - NIGHT
text: The STAR MAN squints against the headlights of the on-coming
text: traffic as he calmly wedges his way straight through it.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE 80 - NIGHT
text: The lead patrol car tries to follow him but is clipped by a
text: Cadillac swerving to avoid the STAR MAN and bounced back
text: into the center divider. The last patrol car parallels the
text: Mustang in the westbound lanes.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - NIGHT
text: The STAR MAN realizes he's still boxed in. A car carrier
text: swerves by on his left. The lane behind is open. The STAR
text: MAN takes advantage of the opportunity.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE 80 - NIGHT
text: The Mustang vaults off the shoulder of the highway into an
text: open field and bullets away through the weeds.
text: The rush of oncoming traffic traps the three patrol cars in
text: the center divider.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - NIGHT
text: Jenny moans as the car jostles over the rough ground. The
text: STAR MAN puts out a hand to cushion her ride. His headlights
text: pick up a gravel road splitting the field and he turns onto
text: it. In a quick look back, he sees the patrol car shooting
text: across the highway after him.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEL ROAD - NIGHT
text: We FOLLOW the Mustang as it winds upward through the grazing
text: lands sparsely dotted with clumps of trees. The plume of
text: dust kicked up by the fleeing car is turned silver by a full
text: moon. The WAIL OF the PATROL CARS is DISTANT BUT CLOSING.
scene_heading: EXT. PASTURE - NIGHT
text: The Mustang barrels around a curve and slides to a surprise
text: stop before a gate in a barbed wire fence that ends the road.
text: With the .45 in his hand, the STAR MAN jumps out of the car
text: and tries the gate. It is locked.
text: When he turns back to the car, he sees something that
text: frightens him more than the approaching patrol cars. A
text: helicopter has joined the chase. He looks for a place to
text: hide. A stand of cottonwood and elm fifty yards on the other
text: side of the gate offers the only protection.
text: The STAR MAN opens the passenger door. Jenny is soaked in
text: her own blood. He hooks the strap of her purse over his
text: shoulder, lifts her tenderly and, cradling her in his arms,
text: wiggles between a fence post and the gate and jogs into the
dialog: trees.
scene_heading: EXT. PASTURE - NIGHT
text: The helicopter sets down behind the Mustang. Shermin leads
text: Bell, Lyman and the technicians to the car.
speaker_heading: LYMAN
dialog: (seeing the blood on
dialog: the passenger seat)
dialog: One of them must be pretty badly
dialog: hurt.
text: Shermin pushes the seat forward. The STAR MAN's life-support
text: suit is stuffed in the space behind it. The patrol cars skid
text: around the curve.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: (to Bell, indicating
dialog: the suit)
dialog: Get this back to the copter.
text: Shermin takes a bullhorn from Lyman and goes around to the
text: front of the Mustang. The highway patrolmen get out of their
text: cars behind him.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: (bullhorn to woods)
dialog: Mrs. Haydn, please come out. We don't
dialog: want to hurt you or your friend.
dialog: Please put down your weapon and come
dialog: out.
scene_heading: EXT. TREES - NIGHT
text: Jenny's limp weight is beginning to slow the STAR MAN. He
text: hears the bullhorn but doesn't stop.
scene_heading: EXT. PASTURE - NIGHT
text: Shermin lowers the bullhorn and speaks to the patrolmen.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Okay, fan out. These people have a
dialog: gun but we want them alive.
dialog: Understand?
scene_heading: EXT. TREES - NIGHT
text: A deep shadow on the other side of an elm offers a likely
text: hiding place. He moves through the underbrush toward it.
text: Without warning, his feet begin to slip out from under him.
text: He struggles to regain his balance.
text: When he does he looks down to find himself staring at a RAGING
text: RIVER 150 feet below. The bank on the other side is just a
text: few feet above the water and in the moonlight he can see a
text: flat plain cut by a highway that stretches into the distance.
text: Slowly, he backs away from the edge of the cliff.
text: From under the elm he watches the helicopter sweep out over
text: the ravine. Its searchlight darts toward him bleaching the
text: treeline. The overhanging branches cloak him and Jenny and
text: the light passes without picking them up. The STAR MAN adjusts
text: his grip on Jenny and starts off in the opposite direction
text: from the helicopter to look for a way down the cliff.
scene_heading: EXT. TREES - NIGHT
text: Shermin, his people and the patrolmen are combing the woods
text: with flashlights in a picketline search. The Third Driver
text: stops at the mouth of a clearing that runs between the
text: cottonwood and elm to the cliff. He takes a bite off a block
dialog: of chewing tobacco.
text: As he replaces it in his pocket, he sees a shadow flit across
text: the far end of the clearing. He swings his flashlight in
text: that direction. The beam catches a piece of Jenny and the
speaker_heading: STAR MAN.
speaker_heading: THIRD DRIVER
dialog: Over here! They're over here!
scene_heading: EXT. TREES - NIGHT
text: Standing on the rim of the gorge, the STAR MAN sees the rays
text: of his pursuers' flashlights choking off any possible escape.
text: He eases Jenny to the ground behind a boulder. She whimpers
dialog: with the pain.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (strokes her cheek)
dialog: You will be all right.
text: He stretches over the top of the boulder and scatters FOUR
text: SHOTS at the lights.
scene_heading: EXT. TREES - NIGHT
text: The patrolmen, the technicians and Shermin all hit the ground
dialog: and kill their lights.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Mrs. Haydn, we don't want to hurt
dialog: you. Put down your gun and come out.
dialog: We just want to talk to your friend.
scene_heading: THE STAR MAN AND JENNY
text: The STAR MAN peers around the boulder. At that instant the
text: searchlight from the helicopter happens to splash across the
text: men in the field. He sees that their guns are drawn and
text: pointed in his direction. The STAR MAN pulls back and takes
text: a marble from his pouch. It grows and glows gold as the STAR
text: MAN rolls it between his palms. When it reaches the size of
text: a baseball, he clutches it firmly in his right hand and
text: EMPTIES the .45 toward Shermin and the police. This time,
text: there is a BARRAGE OF ANSWERING FIRE.
text: With the BULLETS RICOCHETING around him, the STAR MAN lifts
text: Jenny to his shoulder. He massages the golden orb until it
text: becomes the size of a soccer ball, then takes two quick steps
text: to the edge of the cliff and leaps into the abyss.
scene_heading: EXT. ABYSS - NIGHT
text: The upward thrust of the ball supports their fall and under
text: its glow they begin a slow descent to the other side of the
text: river. Above them, the helicopter dips back and locks its
text: searchlight on the shelf of boulders they just left.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAIN - NIGHT
text: The STAR MAN sets down with the smoothness of a man stepping
text: off an escalator. He looks over his shoulder. The helicopter
text: is still concentrating its spotlight on the ridge. He speaks
text: to the ball in his language.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: Iron channel message. Almost caught
text: by pursuers. This may hinder escape.
dialog: Wait for me.
text: He lets the ball go and, with even more velocity than the
text: others, it zips into the sky.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TRUCK STOP - NIGHT
text: A WOMAN in a Frederick's of Hollywood negligee lets a TRUCK
text: DRIVER out of one of the Winnebagos parked to the side of
text: the main building.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Don't forget to tell the boys where
dialog: you had a good time.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (calling back to her)
dialog: You weren't that good.
text: Her rusty laugh follows him into the parking lot. He walks
text: between the trucks to a semi which has half of a pre-fab
text: mobile home tied onto its flat-bed. The polyethylene that
text: covers the open side of the house flaps in the WIND at the
text: lower corner next to the cab. The Driver opens his door. He
text: takes out a staple gun and refastens the dark green plastic
text: to the house frame.
scene_heading: INT. HALF HOUSE - NIGHT
text: In the middle of the empty bedroom, the STAR MAN tries to
text: cushion Jenny against the sudden JOLTS made by the semi as
text: it lumbers out of the parking lot.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY 76 - NIGHT
text: With the Driver taking it smoothly through the gears, the
text: semi picks up speed.
scene_heading: INT. HALF HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The STAR MAN moves Jenny into a rectangle of moonlight shaped
text: on the floor by a high, wide window and strips off her blouse.
text: The cold light marbles Jenny's skin and makes the blood from
text: her wounds appear black. With her blouse, the STAR MAN wipes
text: away the blood on the right side of her head and neck. He
text: finds a deep glass cut on her cheek and two entry points in
text: her neck. He concentrates on her cheek and we can SEE the
text: glow of his brain through his human skin.
text: A bit of the white light comes out of his forehead. It tumbles
text: across to Jenny's cheek and settles into the wound. The STAR
text: MAN watches intently as one end of the wound flares brightly
text: for an instant, then dies. The flesh left behind has been
text: closed without a scar.
text: A larger piece of light drops out of his forehead into what's
text: left of the gash. With that area suffused in a healing glow,
text: he shifts his focus to the pellet holes on her neck. He sends
text: two pieces of light plunging into the wounds. Immediately,
text: they spread into halos which we can SEE radiating from under
dialog: the skin.
text: Out of the night comes a LONG BLAST ON the AIR HORN and the
text: STAR MAN has to steady Jenny as the truck swerves around
text: something in the highway.
text: When it settles back into its ride, the STAR MAN wipes the
text: blood off Jenny's shoulder. The beams of the passing cars
text: through the plastic catch the fatigue on the STAR MAN's face
text: as he works over Jenny.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY 76 - NIGHT
text: With its pre-fab house, the semi rumbles through Julesburg,
text: Sterling and Ft. Morgan. By the time it gets to Denver, dawn
text: is beginning to color the tips of the Rocky Mountains.
scene_heading: INT. HALF HOUSE - DAWNBREAK
text: It's still dark in here. With a chunk of light in his left
text: hand, the STAR MAN dabs at the last of Jenny's wounds, leaving
text: behind a phosphorescent bandage. More of these patches glimmer
text: up and down her right side. He checks her over to see if
text: he's missed a wound. He hasn't.
text: He covers her with his windbreaker and, exhausted by his
text: efforts, sits back against the wall. He waits to see that
text: Jenny is sleeping comfortably, then presses the palms of his
text: hands together. The satel compass appears between them. The
text: green dot tells him he is still on course.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE - SUNRISE
text: Colorado Highway PATROLMEN are dropping orange fluorescent
text: cones across two of the three westbound lanes to form a
text: roadblock. The sound of a harmonica draws us to Shermin's
text: helicopter parked in a meadow beside the road.
scene_heading: EXT. HELICOPTER - SUNRISE
text: As the radio technician plays the harmonica, Lyman clangs
text: down the steps and bends to wake Shermin who is sacked out
text: under the fuselage.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Tell him I'm not here.
speaker_heading: LYMAN
dialog: I did.
text: Shermin sighs and rolls over on his back. He looks terrible.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Get me a radio. At least I won't
text: have to look at his face.
scene_heading: EXT. MEADOW - SUNRISE
text: Shermin is holding a field radio to his ear.
speaker_heading: FOX (V.O.)
dialog: We're growing very concerned back
dialog: here. There's no use pretending
dialog: otherwise. We're rapidly approaching
dialog: a 'condition red.' People are
text: beginning to ask difficult questions.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: I'll make this as simple as I can,
text: George. They disappeared.
speaker_heading: FOX (V.O.)
dialog: I don't care where you're from you
text: just can't disappear into thin air.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: (through a punchy
dialog: hysterical laugh)
dialog: George, listen to what you're saying.
dialog: This thing's changed itself into a
dialog: man. Disappearing may not be that
dialog: big a deal.
speaker_heading: FOX (V.O.)
dialog: So far you've let it cross the heart
dialog: of America. For two days it has been
dialog: absorbing information that is
dialog: detrimental to our security. I don't
dialog: see the humor in that.
text: Stung, Shermin takes a deep breath, controls himself and
text: returns the radio to his ear.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Maybe... look, this is just something
dialog: to think about... from what I got at
dialog: the shopping center, it was more
dialog: scared than anything else... I don't
dialog: feel it's as big a threat as you
dialog: think it is...
speaker_heading: FOX (V.O.)
dialog: Is that what's affecting your
dialog: performance?
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: I'm not being unpatriotic, and I'm
dialog: doing my damndest to catch them.
dialog: Bell's up on 80 and I'm down here on
dialog: 70 past Grand Junction. They're
dialog: heading west. If they're not flying
dialog: we have a damn good chance of getting
dialog: them. All I'm asking is that you
dialog: people think about it.
speaker_heading: FOX (V.O.)
dialog: You just do your job, Shermin. We'll
dialog: make the policy.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY 70 - DAY
text: The semi is in the slow lane. Its right rear turn signal
text: blinks steadily telling US that it is leaving the highway
text: and going north at the intersection ahead.
scene_heading: INT. HALF HOUSE - DAY
text: Jenny stirs awake under the windbreaker in the bedroom as a
text: sloppy DOWNSHIFT JOLTS the house. Her eyes flutter open and
text: she looks around the room trying to figure out where she is.
text: The truck leans into the turn. Jenny braces herself on one
text: arm and sits up.
text: Catching the windbreaker as it slips off her front, she
text: remembers that she was shot and examines her right side. She
text: runs her fingers over her cheek and neck, across her shoulder
text: and down her side, feeling for traces of the wounds she knows
text: she sustained. She has been completely healed and there are
text: no scars. She leans forward and looks down the hallway.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Hello... hello.
text: The WIND snapping the polyethylene is the only answer she
text: gets. She picks her blouse off the floor next to her purse,
text: but throws it aside and shrugs into the windbreaker when she
text: sees the blood and bullet holes.
text: Her sudden rise to a standing position makes her light-headed
text: and she has to lean against the doorway until the spinning
text: stops. With her hands outstretched, as guards against the
text: sway of the truck, Jenny shuffles down the hallway.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Hello. Where are you?
text: There is no one in the kitchen and she continues into the
text: living room. It is empty. Jenny opens the door to an enclosed
text: back porch. It is also empty. The STAR MAN is gone. She
text: returns to the living room and stands there not really knowing
text: what to do next. The countryside rushes by outside a floor-
text: to-ceiling picture window.
text: A WAIL FROM the semi's AIR HORN jars Jenny out of her reverie
text: and she goes to press her cheek against the window. She is
text: looking past her left hand at the road when she notices a
text: wide green ring on her finger above her wedding band. She
text: steps back from the window to examine it, then with some
text: trepidation, twists it off. As it clears the end of her
text: finger, the STAR MAN's VOICE SPEAKS OUT OF IT.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN (V.O.)
dialog: Jennyhay...
text: Jenny drops the ring as if she'd been stung. The STAR MAN's
text: voice stops as soon as she does and the ring bounces across
text: the floor until it hits the baseboard. It looks innocent
dialog: enough lying there, but Jenny has a great deal of trouble
text: making herself approach it.
text: When she finally picks it up, it does nothing. She turns it
text: in her hand and when the side of the ring hole that was facing
text: her when she took the ring off faces her again, the STAR
scene_heading: MAN's VOICE CONTINUES.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN (V.O.)
dialog: ...nd. You are all fixed. I'm sorry
dialog: you were shot. I was a big problem
dialog: for you. Thank you for your help. I
dialog: can go to my ship alone now.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY
text: The semi is picking up speed as it heads north.
scene_heading: EXT. SEMI'S CAB - DAY
text: The Driver checks his side view mirror to see if the lane
text: next to him is clear and is astonished to see a woman's arm
text: sticking out of the polyethylene waving a blouse at him.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY
text: Smoke billows from under the tires as the semi skids to a
dialog: stop.
scene_heading: EXT. SEMI - DAY
text: Jenny, her purse over her shoulder, is running toward the
text: cab as the Driver steps out with a wrench in his hand.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Where did you stop last?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: What the hell do you think you're
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Where did you stop last?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Stay right there...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What was your last stop?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Elmo's...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Where's that?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
text: About five miles back.
text: Jenny's thumb is already out for a ride as she sprints across
dialog: the highway.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (shouting after her)
dialog: Are there any more in there?
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY 70 - DAY
text: A passing car TAKES US TO the STAR MAN as he runs along the
text: shoulder to a maroon and white '57 Chevy that has pulled off
dialog: to pick him up.
scene_heading: EXT. '57 CHEVY - DAY
text: A swarthy, bald MAN with hairy arms leans across the seat.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Las Vegas, please. I do not speak
dialog: English.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Hop in.
scene_heading: INT. '57 CHEVY - DAY
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (re-entering the flow
dialog: of traffic)
dialog: I can only take you to Grand Junction,
dialog: but you'll have a better chance to
dialog: get a ride from there.
text: The STAR MAN smiles.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Where you from?
text: The STAR MAN starts to point to the sky, then catches himself.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Parlez vous Francais?... Habla
dialog: Ingles?... Sprechen zie deutsch?
text: These are foreign words to the STAR MAN and he pastes on his
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Good job, neither do I. What do you
dialog: do for a living?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (pretending)
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I'm a cook. Do you understand 'cook?'
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: COOK (MAN)
dialog: Food. Eat. I prepare food. I work as
dialog: a cook. That's how I make money.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: What do you do?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (searches for an
dialog: answer, then)
dialog: I make maps.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Hey, that sounds interesting. You
dialog: like it?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Eh... yes.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Make any money?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: (takes a pack of Camels
dialog: out of his pocket)
dialog: You don't get rich as a cook, either,
dialog: believe me. I got a girl going to
dialog: college this fall. The wife had to
dialog: go back to nursing to help pay for
dialog: it.
text: He sticks a cigarette in his mouth and flips one up for the
speaker_heading: STAR MAN.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Smoke?
text: The STAR MAN takes it, quickly examines it, then positions
text: it in his mouth at the exact angle the Cook did. His eyebrows
text: raise when the Cook flicks his Bic and puffs an ash on the
text: end of his cigarette.
text: The butane flame is swung in his direction and he flinches
text: back before allowing the Cook to singe his Camel. He copies
text: the Cook's puffing and the end of his cigarette begins to
dialog: glow.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: She wants to become a doctor. She's
dialog: a bright kid. Hard worker. I think
dialog: she'll make it. But the damned
dialog: inflation's driven the tuition up so
dialog: high it makes it real tough on a
dialog: family like ours.
text: The Cook inhales deeply from his cigarette and blows smoke
text: at the windshield. The STAR MAN mimics the inhalation, then
text: chokes. His eyes bulge and his cheeks puff out as he tries
text: to be cool and not cough. The Cook takes no notice of his
dialog: struggles.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: I got two other kids. I don't know
dialog: what we'll do when they get old enough
dialog: for college.
text: Smoke starts to dribble out of the Star Man's nose and mouth.
text: Puzzled, he re-examines his cigarette.
speaker_heading: COOK
text: Everybody blames it on the oil crisis.
dialog: That might be where it starts. But I
dialog: think a lot of people are just using
dialog: that as an excuse to rip the rest of
dialog: us off. I see it every day in the
dialog: kitchen. Peaches. We use the gallon
dialog: cans. The price has gone up three
dialog: times in the last year. And now the
text: cans are only half full.
text: The Cook takes another drag. As if etiquette required it,
text: the STAR MAN hurries to copy him. This time there are no ill
dialog: effects.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Do you have children?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: They're damned expensive and a pain
dialog: in the ass sometimes, but I wouldn't
dialog: trade having them for anything.
text: The Cook flicks his ash out of the window. A moment later,
text: the STAR MAN mirrors his action.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: What do you think of America?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: It is beautiful.
scene_heading: EXT. ELMO'S - DAY
text: A truck stop set back as little as the law allows from the
scene_heading: BUZZ OF INTERSTATE 70.
speaker_heading: JENNY (O.S.)
dialog: I'm looking for a guy about this
dialog: tall, with brown hair and really
dialog: gray eyes...
text: We FIND Jenny at the set of fuel pumps nearest the highway
text: dogging an ATTENDANT while he services an 18-wheeler
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: He had on tan cords, a plaid shirt
dialog: and a baseball cap... probably
dialog: hitchhiking.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: I don't pay much attention to those
dialog: guys.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (taking out her wallet)
dialog: In the last hour or so...
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Nope.
text: Jenny folds back the plastic windows to the picture of her
dialog: husband.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: This is him.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Sorry.
text: We FOLLOW Jenny as she wends her way through the trucks
text: questioning other attendants. The RUMBLE OF TRAFFIC DROWNS
text: OUT their CONVERSATION, but the answer is always the same.
text: Finally, we FOLLOW the picture as Jenny hands it up to an
text: ATTENDANT cleaning the windshield on a Peterbilt cab.
scene_heading: SECOND ATTENDANT
dialog: (looking at picture)
dialog: I don't know... I'm not sure. I might
dialog: have seen him up the road a piece on
dialog: my way in. He's long gone by now.
text: He hands the snapshot back to Jenny. She nods a 'thank you'
text: and looks wistfully around the yard. There is nothing she
text: can do. Fitting the picture back into her wallet, she walks
text: away. After a few steps she turns back.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You know if anybody here's going to
dialog: Wisconsin?
scene_heading: SECOND ATTENDANT
dialog: Ask inside.
scene_heading: INT. ELMO'S DINER - DAY
text: It's bustling, loud and smoky. Jenny is standing just inside
text: the entrance. She licks her lips and tries to clear the frog
text: out of her throat.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (small voice)
dialog: Anybody going to...
text: Nobody pays any attention to her. Her voice trails off. She
text: swallows hard and tries again, this time booming out.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Anybody going to Wisconsin?
text: The activity in the diner comes to a screeching halt and in
text: the silence Jenny adds in a normal voice:
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I need a ride.
text: An OLDER MAN, with a face seamed by cigarettes and weather,
text: waves at her from the counter.
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: I'm going to Des Moines. If you can
dialog: wait till I finish here, you're
dialog: welcome to ride along.
text: This gets some good-humored cheers and catcalls.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I can wait.
text: Smiling self-consciously, she takes a seat at the end of the
text: counter and orders coffee from the waitress. While she is
text: waiting for it to come, she happens to glance outside and
text: sees a Colorado Highway patrol car stopped in the yard.
text: The officer on the passenger side is talking to one of the
text: attendants. Jenny turns away from the window and finds that
text: she is able to watch the conversation in a strip of mirrors
text: that runs around the top of the pie case. The squad car leaves
text: and her coffee arrives.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (to the waitress)
dialog: Where's the phone?
scene_heading: INT. SIT-DOWN PHONE BOOTH - DINER HALLWAY - DAY
text: Jenny drops a dime in the slot and dials 'O.'
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Operator... may I help you?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Could you give me the highway patrol,
dialog: please?
text: After TWO RINGS, the phone is picked up on the other end of
dialog: the line.
speaker_heading: MALE (V.O.)
text: Sergeant Packert, Highway Patrol.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: My name's Jenny Haydn. I think you're
dialog: looking for me. I was kidnapped in
dialog: Eau Claire, Wisconsin a couple of
dialog: days ago. But I'm free now.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT (V.O.)
dialog: What was your name again?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Jenny Haydn. I'm on my way home and
dialog: I don't want anybody I'm with shot
dialog: at when you...
speaker_heading: SERGEANT (V.O.)
dialog: Hold on.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADBLOCK (INTERSTATE 70) - DAY
text: Standing back of the officers, Shermin watches them check to
text: cars passing through the squeeze point. Every car trunk is
text: opened. Vans and campers are looked into.
text: Lyman runs up and whispers in Shermin's ear. Shermin is
text: startled by what he hears. He leaves Lyman in charge and
text: hurries to the helicopter parked in the field beside the
dialog: roadblock.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - DAY
text: A TECHNICIAN gives Shermin a headset phone as he enters.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: (hand over the mouth-
dialog: piece)
dialog: You trace it yet?
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: All we know right now is that it's
dialog: east of here.
text: Shermin puts on the headset and the technician starts a tape
dialog: recorder.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: This is Marc Shermin. Where are you,
dialog: Mrs. Haydn?
scene_heading: INT. SIT-DOWN PHONE BOOTH
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I don't know. Someplace called Elmo's.
dialog: Look, I just wanted to tell you that
text: I'm all right and I'm on my way home.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN (V.O.)
dialog: You've been through quite an ordeal,
dialog: Mrs. Haydn. Why don't you stay where
dialog: you are and let us pick you up? We'll
dialog: fly you home.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: No. You'll want to ask a lot of
dialog: questions I don't want to answer
dialog: right now. I already have a ride.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - DAY
text: The Technician hands Shermin a note which reads: ELMO"S TRUCK
scene_heading: STOP/ABOUT 30 MILES EAST.
speaker_heading: JENNY (V.O.)
dialog: I only called to tell you I was free
dialog: and not to shoot anybody I was with
dialog: if you see me.
text: Shermin jabs his thumb upward, indicating that the helicopter
dialog: should lift off.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Is the man who kidnapped you there
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: JENNY (V.O.)
dialog: I told you. He let me go. I'm on my
dialog: way home.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: (his hand over the
dialog: mouthpiece)
dialog: Get a highway patrol unit over there.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADBLOCK - DAY
text: Shermin's helicopter lifts off.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN (V.O.)
dialog: Mrs. Haydn, I'm going to have to ask
dialog: you to stay where you are.
scene_heading: INT. SIT-DOWN PHONE BOOTH
text: A sharp rap on the glass startles Jenny and she turns around
dialog: to see her ride.
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: Ready?
text: Jenny holds up a finger that asks for a moment longer on the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Mr... I'm sorry, what was your name
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: SHERMIN (V.O.)
dialog: Marc Shermin.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Mr. Shermin, I'm hanging up now. If
dialog: you want to ask me any questions,
dialog: call me at home in a couple of days.
dialog: I'm in the book.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN (V.O.)
dialog: Do you know what you were kidnapped
dialog: by?
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN (V.O.)
dialog: Mrs. Haydn...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: He doesn't want to hurt anybody.
dialog: Please leave him alone.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN (V.O.)
text: Is he on his way to Lathrop Wells?
text: This hits Jenny like a kick in the stomach. She leans her
text: head back against the wall. Her ride is pacing outside the
dialog: booth.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN (V.O.)
dialog: What's he planning to do in Lathrop
dialog: Wells? Is he meeting someone there?
text: Jenny smashes the receiver back in its cradle and throws
text: open the door.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (on her way past the
dialog: weathered driver)
dialog: I changed my mind. Thanks.
text: She rushes down the hallway to the dining area where again
text: she stands just inside the entrance.
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: (at the top of her
dialog: lungs)
dialog: It's me again...
text: The place goes quiet except for a smattering of laughter.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I need a fast ride west.
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE - DAY
text: The speedometer reads 90. The driver, a bespectacled, pimply-
text: faced SIXTEEN YEAR OLD, shifts into fifth gear. Jenny is
text: harnessed in the passenger seat. Chatter from a CB under the
text: dash COMPETES WITH ROCK N' ROLL ON THE TAPE DECK.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You sure this is your car?
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: (with a stutter)
dialog: My grandmother's rich.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (as they come up on a
dialog: station wagon)
dialog: Slow down, slow down.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: Geez, Mrs. Haydn, we just got going.
text: But he downshifts. The Porsche is going a mere 80 when they
text: pass the station wagon.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (peering at its
dialog: occupants)
dialog: I told you I'm looking for someone.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: In the cars, too?!
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I don't know where he is.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: This is going to be a real drag. I
dialog: thought you wanted to go fast.
text: Howling at full throttle, three highway patrol cars rush
text: past them in the opposite direction. Jenny swivels around to
text: follow their progress until they are out of sight.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: They after you?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What? No, of course not.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: (his stutter thicker
dialog: than before)
dialog: Would be kinda neat if they were. I
dialog: think I could outrun them. Maybe get
dialog: my picture in the papers.
text: Jenny takes a second look at this guy. He flashes her a gap-
text: toothed grin.
scene_heading: EXT. OVERPASS - DAY
text: The Cook's '57 Chevy makes a left on the street intersecting
text: the off-ramp and stops at the curb. Behind it a large plastic
text: yellow chicken twirls on a pole above the restaurant it
text: advertises.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Well, here we are... You go down
dialog: that ramp there, you're sure to get
dialog: a ride.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (getting out)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: And don't be shy about your English.
dialog: You speak better than a lot of people
dialog: I know.
dialog: (leaving)
dialog: Take care of yourself.
text: As an afterthought, the STAR MAN duplicates the Cook's wave,
text: then heads down the ramp. As he clears the frame, our VIEW
text: ZOOMS AND ZOOMS AND ZOOMS UNTIL we can SEE a piece of the
text: roadblock in the valley below him. During the MOVE-IN, we
text: BEGIN TO PICK UP CB CHATTER.
speaker_heading: VOICES (V.O.)
dialog: Flash for all you good buddies heading
text: west on 70. Smoky's got a roadblock
dialog: just beyond Grand Junction... Better
dialog: dump your dope, they're going through
dialog: everything... He's right. I was just
dialog: there and I'm still sore...
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE - DAY
text: Jenny TURNS DOWN the ROCK 'N ROLL to listen to the CB.
speaker_heading: VOICES (V.O.)
dialog: Ah loves to be frisked! What are
dialog: they looking for? I'm holding. Any
dialog: way around it? Where are you? Oh
dialog: no!! There it is!!
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: I bet you we find your friend at the
dialog: roadblock.
text: Jenny doesn't answer immediately. She takes her time checking
text: out the people in a VW they are passing.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (to the road ahead)
dialog: We better find him before that.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE 70 - DAY
text: In the style prescribed by Jenny, the STAR MAN raises his
text: thumb to a dilapidated Vega shimmying down the on-ramp. The
text: two blue-haired ladies inside are afraid to look at him as
text: they go by. He has the same luck with an attractive blonde
text: secretary that passes on the highway.
scene_heading: EXT. ELMO'S - DAY
text: A highway PATROLMAN is standing behind the open door of his
text: car speaking into the mike of his radio.
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: The girl's not here, Mr. Shermin.
dialog: Seems right after she talked to you,
dialog: she got a ride west with a kid.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - DAY
text: All six TV screens display the road rushing under it.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: (into mouthpiece of
dialog: his headset)
dialog: You get that, Lyman?
speaker_heading: LYMAN (V.O.)
dialog: We're ready.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY ABOVE INTERSTATE 70 - DAY
text: Shermin's S65 banks through a U-turn and chases west.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE 70 - DAY
text: A dun-colored Roadrunner gurgles down the ramp and stops in
text: front of the STAR MAN. Two grubby LONG HAIRS in worn western
text: clothes are inside with boxes of house-hold utensils and
text: duffle bags.
speaker_heading: LONG HAIR
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Las Vegas, please.
speaker_heading: LONG HAIR
dialog: We're going to L.A.
text: He looks at his buddy stretched on the jumble in the back.
text: The buddy nods.
speaker_heading: LONG HAIR
dialog: Sure. Get in. We can drop you in
dialog: Vegas or get you darn close.
text: The STAR MAN opens the door and gets in.
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE - DAY
text: The CB CONTINUES TO CRACKLE with news of the roadblock.
text: Jenny's eyes restlessly search the overpass under the whirling
text: yellow chicken for any sign of the STAR MAN. She sees the
text: dun-colored Roadrunner waiting at the foot of the on-ramp
text: for a break in the traffic, but she is too far away to see
text: who's inside. As the Porsche gets closer, it overtakes an 18-
text: wheeler and Jenny's view of the Roadrunner is cut off
text: entirely. She passes without seeing the STAR MAN.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE 70 - DAY
text: The Porsche weaves through the traffic giving Jenny a chance
text: to look into the cars and trucks it shoots by.
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE - DAY
text: Jenny is turned around looking back at a camper.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: I'm telling you, you're going to
dialog: find him at the roadblock, or right
dialog: after, or not at all.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: If he didn't want to go through the
dialog: roadblock, is there any other way to
dialog: get to Vegas?
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: Fly.
text: Jenny gives him a withering look.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: The five-fifty. We already passed
dialog: it. But it'll take him way out of
dialog: his way.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Pull over. I've got to get back there.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: Why wouldn't he want to go through
dialog: the roadblock?... What did you guys
dialog: do?... I won't tell anybody.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: It's easier not to tell if you don't
dialog: know.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE - DAY
text: The Porsche slows to a stop on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: (as Jenny opens the
dialog: door)
dialog: Wait. Could I have your autograph?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Sure.
text: She leans back and gives the startled Teenager a kiss on the
text: mouth, then gets out.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: I have nothing to do. I'd like to
dialog: help you.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Don't worry. I'll be all right.
text: She closes the door. The Teenager takes a last look at her
text: before pulling back on the highway. Jenny waits for a car in
text: the slow lane to go by, then runs across to the line and
text: waits for cars in the fast lane to go by.
scene_heading: INT. ROADRUNNER - DAY
text: The STAR MAN spots Jenny standing on the line peering into
text: the on-coming cars for signs of him. He becomes agitated and
text: his mouth begins to move soundlessly. There is a break in
text: the traffic and Jenny dashes to the center divider. The STAR
text: MAN leans across his driver and yells as the Roadrunner
text: plunges by her.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
text: JENNYHAYDN!!!
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE - DAY
text: Jenny spins around to see the Roadrunner skid to a stop on
text: the shoulder and the STAR MAN get out. A motorcycle bombs
text: by. He starts across the lanes of traffic toward Jenny. A
text: truck blasts past him in the slow lane. He is buffeted into
text: the fast lane. Jenny runs down the center divider to meet
text: him. A VW honks, its tires squeal on the pavement as it
text: swerves around him. He reaches the safety of the center
text: divider. Jenny throws her arms around him and lays her head
text: against his chest. He stands there uncomfortably not knowing
dialog: how to respond to this human emotion.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I told you goodbye. Why are you here?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: The police are waiting for you up
dialog: ahead. There's a roadblock. You have
dialog: to go back.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: This car will take me to Las Vegas.
dialog: I cannot go back.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: The police know about Lathrop Wells.
dialog: We have to go another way. Come on.
text: She grabs his wrist but he hangs back.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: If I don't meet the ship, my people
dialog: will go home without me.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Please understand. If you go this
dialog: way, you'll never get to your ship.
dialog: The police know about Lathrop Wells.
dialog: We have to go another way. I'll get
dialog: you to your ship. I promise.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I will go. But not you.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You shit! I'll decide if I go or
dialog: not. Not you. I don't know what you
dialog: do on your planet, but I didn't think
dialog: that was very nice walking out on me
dialog: like you did.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I don't want you to be hurt.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Come on.
text: Holding the STAR MAN's hand, Jenny pulls him toward the road.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I didn't ask to come along on this
dialog: trip, but I sure as hell am going to
dialog: be the one to say when I get off.
text: They bolt across the lanes of traffic to the other side of
text: the road where she flags down an old black pickup truck. She
text: says something to the driver and she and the STAR MAN climb
text: into the back. As the truck returns to the highway, the CLACK
text: OF AN APPROACHING HELICOPTER OVERPOWERS the TRAFFIC SOUNDS.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY
text: Shermin's helicopter slices around a pine-dotted peak
text: following the twists of Interstate 70 below. In the near
dialog: distance, we can SEE the roadblock.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - DAY
text: Unnoticed by Shermin or the Technicians, the black pickup
text: passes off the television screens carrying their quarry east.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: (into headset)
dialog: Any sign of either of them yet?
text: The roadblock appears on the television screens.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADBLOCK - DAY
text: Lyman, wearing a headset plugged into a belt pack, is walking
text: down the line of cars.
speaker_heading: LYMAN
dialog: I don't think they're going to show.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - DAY
text: A swift kick from Shermin sends a stool clanging into a
text: bulkhead. The Technicians won't meet his eyes when he turns
text: back to them.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Okay. Tell the highway patrol to
dialog: block all major arteries off 70 from
dialog: here to Elmo's.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE 70 - DAY
text: Two highway patrol cars scatter the traffic in front of them
text: with their rack lights and SIRENS.
scene_heading: EXT. PICKUP - DAY
text: Jenny and the STAR MAN are sitting against the cab, a horse
text: blanket drawn up around their shoulders. They can see the
text: flashing lights coming from way down the road and watch
text: helplessly as the patrol cars eat up the distance between
dialog: them.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE 70 - DAY
text: The pickup makes the turn onto Highway 550.
scene_heading: EXT. PICKUP - DAY
text: For a moment, Jenny and the STAR MAN think they're safe.
text: That hope turns to despair when the two patrol cars loop
text: after them. They keep getting closer. The STAR MAN inches
text: the blanket up over his nose. Unexpectedly, the patrol cars
text: are thrown into a skid. When they stop, they are facing each
text: other ready to inspect the traffic coming off 70. They lower
text: the blanket from their faces. Jenny lays her head back against
text: the cab, exhausted.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: The Cook said I speak good English.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY 550 - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A RUMBLE OF DISTANT THUNDER follows the lightning that flashes
text: from the dark clouds hanging on the horizon. Looking
text: incomplete without its trailer, the tractor/cab of a Mack
text: truck makes a turn on a farm road, revealing Jenny and the
text: STAR MAN standing on the gravel. The STAR MAN looks back to
text: where they came from. There is nothing coming so he sets out
text: in the other direction.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I must meet my ship.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Why can't we wait here for a ride?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I feel better if I move.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: We're hundreds of miles from where
dialog: you have to be.
text: The STAR MAN ignores her and continues to walk.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (shouts at him)
dialog: Even if we walk five miles, it's not
dialog: going to make any difference.
text: Jenny turns toward an oncoming car and sticks out her thumb.
text: The STAR MAN falls into the same pose just back of her. The
text: car honks at them as it breezes by.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (screams after it)
dialog: Asshole!!
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Where did you learn that?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: The cook.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A torrential rainstorm lashes the countryside. The STAR MAN
text: and Jenny splash along the edge of the asphalt. Their heads
text: are lowered against the weather. They are both drenched to
dialog: the skin.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (after a few steps)
dialog: We're not going to get a ride tonight.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I can't stay on this planet.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: No one's traveling in this weather.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: You promised you would get me to my
dialog: ship.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (shouts after him)
dialog: I will. I will. We still have another
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: You promised.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What do you want from me? There are
dialog: no cars on this road. I didn't ask
dialog: for this stupid storm.
text: The STAR MAN mutters in his language.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What are you saying?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: You can stop. I will go on alone.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: We're too far away to walk. Don't
dialog: you understand?
text: The STAR MAN looks at her. With the rain streaming off his
text: face, he looks at her. For the first time, the reality of
text: the situation hits him. He turns and, swearing in his own
text: language, flails at the rain. A distance from Jenny, he stops
text: and cries out in English.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I can't stay here. I want to go home.
dialog: I don't want this skin. I don't want
dialog: to look like this.
text: Jenny can see him standing with his head bowed. She walks
text: over to him.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (trying to ease his
dialog: pain)
dialog: Why don't you send one of your radio
dialog: balloons and tell your captain that
dialog: you might be late?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I used the last one to jump off the
dialog: cliff...
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Let's find a place out of the rain.
dialog: I'm sure we'll get a ride in the
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I can't be late. I don't know if the
dialog: radio balloons work above your planet.
dialog: I don't know if my words went to the
dialog: ship. If I'm not there, the captain
dialog: will think I'm dead and go.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: We'll get a ride in the morning.
text: A flash of lightning shows us:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED RAILROAD SIDING - DUSK
text: Jenny and the STAR MAN are following the tracks to an
text: abandoned boxcar.
scene_heading: INT. BOXCAR - DUSK
text: The STAR MAN climbs in and pulls Jenny after him. Jenny is
text: shivering badly.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Can you close the door?
text: The STAR MAN scrapes it forward. He activates the satel
text: compass which lights the interior of the boxcar. While he is
text: doing this Jenny turns her back to him and takes off her
text: jacket. Her teeth chattering, she tries to wring the water
dialog: out of it.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: You are cold.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You're damn right I am.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I do not get cold.
text: Clutching the windbreaker to her breasts, Jenny looks at the
text: STAR MAN over her shoulder. It doesn't take her long to make
dialog: up her mind.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (crossing to him)
dialog: Open your shirt.
text: She waits while he struggles with the buttons. After two she
text: brushes away his hands and undoes the rest. She lets the
text: windbreaker drop and, slipping her arms around his waist,
text: presses her bare chest against his.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (savoring it)
dialog: Oh, you're warm... put your arms
dialog: around me.
text: The STAR MAN does and Jenny jumps as the wet sleeves touch
dialog: her back.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Take your shirt off.
text: It is difficult with Jenny around his waist, but he manages.
text: He drapes his arms over her. She snuggles into him. The RAIN
text: POUNDS ON THE ROOF. Gradually, Jenny responds to the STAR
text: MAN's warmth and relaxes. She lifts her head off his chest
text: and looks at him.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Nothing.
text: She brushes her lips against his. The STAR MAN's not sure
text: what's happening. But he's not offended. Her next kiss is
text: full and long. He accepts it with his eyes open and when she
text: eases back he leans in for more. Jenny responds. As if on
text: command, the satel compass comes from around behind the STAR
text: MAN to hover in back of Jenny. He takes it between his palms
text: and extinguishes it.
scene_heading: INT. BOXCAR - MORNING
text: Jenny awakens and looks around. The STAR MAN is not with
text: her. As she stands up she hears his VOICE OUTSIDE. He is
text: speaking to something in his language.
text: She goes to the door to find out what and sees him standing
text: beside a fenced-in pasture talking to the horses inside.
scene_heading: EXT. PASTURE - MORNING
text: Jenny joins the STAR MAN at the fence.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Horses.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You don't forget anything, do you?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: No.
text: Jenny pets one of the horses on the nose.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (to the horse)
dialog: Hello... hello. How are you this
dialog: morning?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Do they talk?!
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: No, they don't talk... We talk to
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I understand.
text: An appaloosa nudges her way through the others to the fence.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Oh, you're pretty...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I gave you a baby last night.
text: Shocked, Jenny looks at him from around the appaloosa's nose.
text: The STAR MAN is combing a horse's mane with his fingers and
text: he doesn't see her expression.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (meaning the horses)
dialog: They are beautiful.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Yes, they are.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: You have been very good to me,
dialog: Jennyhaydn.
dialog: (turns to face her)
dialog: You said you wanted a baby, so I
dialog: gave you one.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (shakes her head 'no')
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: It will be human and it will look
dialog: like this.
dialog: (touches his face)
dialog: But when it comes it will know
dialog: everything I know and everything you
dialog: know. That is something from my planet
dialog: that I want your baby to have.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I told you it's impossible for me to
dialog: have a baby.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: You will have this baby. If you want
dialog: it. If you don't, I can stop it now.
text: Jenny comes over and puts her arms around the STAR MAN.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I want it.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY
text: A formation of six black Bell Cobra helicopters rush at us
text: out of the blue. From above them we can see that they are
text: heading for a small desert town. 'Welcome to Lathrop Wells'
text: is spelled out on a hillside in white-washed stones.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRSTRIP - DAY
text: Grubby, unshaven and unwashed, Shermin, Bell, Lyman and the
text: rest of the crew watch the seven Cobras land in sequence.
text: Fox, immaculate in a freshly pressed black flight suit, climbs
text: out of the first one down and he and Shermin meet in the
text: middle of the runway.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Hello George.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: Shermin...
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: What's all this for?
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: We have a new directive. I'm taking
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: (scans the Cobras)
dialog: We don't have to do it that way. We
dialog: can catch him this time.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: Washington thinks it's too late for
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: I've never been taken off an
dialog: assignment in my life. Give me twenty-
dialog: four hours and I'll have him for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: You're not hearing me.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: You can change a directive, George.
dialog: You've done it before. Listen to me.
text: He's going somewhere in Death Valley.
dialog: Lathrop Wells was never anything but
text: a bus stop. East is the nuclear site.
dialog: There are no roads in there. She was
dialog: teaching him to hitchhike. I'm telling
dialog: you. We block the four roads into
dialog: Death Valley and we got him.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: We'll do that. But how are we going
dialog: to hold him? He can change himself
text: into a man. He can disappear.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: That's the chance we have to take.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: No, we don't.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Then you're going to have to do it
dialog: without me.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: You're a career intelligence officer,
dialog: Shermin. You'll be in the air with
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: You're talking about taking a life.
dialog: The most unique life form on this
dialog: planet. I think we're better than
dialog: that.
scene_heading: EXT. LAS VEGAS - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A fire-engine-red Pontiac convertible with two COWBOYS (late
text: fifties) in the front and Jenny and the STAR MAN in the back
text: moves with the traffic along the main drag in the downtown
text: area. The STAR MAN's head swivels from side to side trying
text: to take in the neon that juts up around him. The convertible
text: stops at a light. The cowboy on the passenger side opens the
text: door and tips his hat to Jenny as she and the Star Man get
text: out of the back seat.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK (LAS VEGAS) - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The STAR MAN is afraid of the crush of people and wants to
text: stay close to Jenny, but is fascinated by the whir and click
text: and jingle of the one-armed bandits that seem to be
dialog: everywhere.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Is this gambling?
text: Jenny nods. A LADY in curlers and pedal pushers hits a twenty
text: dollar jackpot. Hanging onto Jenny's hand the STAR MAN turns
text: around and walks sideways to watch the quarters tumble out
text: into the lady's shopping bag.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: The cowboys were right. You can make
dialog: money fast gambling.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You don't make money gambling. You
dialog: lose it.
scene_heading: INT. DRUG STORE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The STAR MAN hangs back to examine a one-armed bandit inside
text: the front door while Jenny goes to the counter. An almost
text: imperceptible blue haze seems to seep from under the STAR
text: MAN's palms as he runs his hands up and down the sides of
dialog: the machine.
speaker_heading: JENNY (V.O.)
dialog: (to the clerk)
dialog: Do you have a good map of Death
dialog: Valley?
speaker_heading: CLERK (V.O.)
dialog: We should have. Let me see.
text: While the clerk searches for the map the STAR MAN comes up
dialog: to Jenny.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: May I have twenty-five cents, please?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I want to gamble.
text: Jenny sighs and rolls her eyes and fishes two quarters out
text: of her purse and hands them to him.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Here are two quarters. When you lose
dialog: these, you're not going to get
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I understand.
dialog: (heading back to the
dialog: machine)
dialog: Thank you.
text: He drops a quarter into the slot and pulls the handle. While
text: the pictures of fruit spin behind the view window, his hands
text: stroke the sides of the machine. An orange, a pear and a
text: cherry stop in the view window. At the counter Jenny explains
text: to the clerk that she is hitchhiking and wants the busiest
text: route into Death Valley without going through Lathrop Wells.
text: The STAR MAN looks long and hard at the machine before putting
text: in his last quarter. He pulls the handle. The blue haze flows
text: from his palms, three cherries lock into a line and the one-
text: armed bandit begins to spit quarters.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Jenny is nervous about being here. She feels every face that
text: looks at them could be a cop. The STAR MAN is pulling her
text: through a Maginot Line of slot machines toward a 'Super
text: Jackpot' machine that advertises a $275,000 payoff.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: This is crazy. We don't have time
dialog: for this.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I know how to gamble now.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You won ten dollars. Big deal. If we
dialog: don't get a good ride before dark we
dialog: could miss your ship.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I want to get money for you and the
dialog: baby.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I don't need any money for the baby.
dialog: I'll be fine.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Inflation, tuition, college. Children
dialog: are damned expensive. I know.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: The cook again?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (stepping up to the
dialog: 'Super Jackpot')
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: If I ever run into that guy, I'm
text: going to kick his ass.
text: The STAR MAN pops a gleaming silver dollar into the machine,
text: pulls the handle and places his hands against the metal.
text: Jenny, knowing it can't work, but hoping that it will, stands
text: back and gnaws on her thumb. Then she sees the blue haze
text: vibrating out of the STAR MAN's palms. Jenny stifles a scream.
text: She looks around to see if anybody else has noticed. They
text: haven't. The STAR MAN smiles at her. The force field does
text: it's work. A picket line of 7's fills the view window. Amid
text: the jangle of bells and flashing lights that accompany a
text: winner Jenny doesn't know whether she should jump for joy or
text: hide her face.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT HIGHWAY - DUSK
text: A dot in the distance becomes a brand new Camaro. As it blasts
text: away from under us we see a paper license in its back window.
text: The cabin light is on inside the car.
scene_heading: INT. CAMARO - DUSK
text: In the passenger seat the STAR MAN is riffling through a
dialog: Columbia "History of the World." A Webster's Dictionary is
text: on the dash in front of him. Wedged between his legs and the
text: transmission well is a shopping bag full of money.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: It'll tell you pretty much everything
dialog: about us...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: This is very interesting. We are
dialog: born knowing our history. We have
dialog: other books. But not a book like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Any words you don't know you can
dialog: find in the dictionary.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: It'll give you the different
dialog: countries, how they came to be, what
dialog: they are now, how America came to
dialog: be, the governments, the languages...
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: Many of my people will not believe
dialog: those things are possible. On my
dialog: planet there is only one government,
dialog: one people, one language. I will be
dialog: asked a lot of questions.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What will you say about us?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I will say that we can be friends.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: We can.
text: She notices the green ring on her left hand and takes it
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: This is yours...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: If you want to keep it, you can.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I'd like to...
text: She slips it back on her finger above her wedding band. They
text: drive in silence. The STAR MAN sets the history book on the
dialog: dash.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (takes the ring off
dialog: again)
dialog: Would you put some of your singing
dialog: in this for the baby?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: You want the baby to laugh at me.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT HIGHWAY - DUSK
text: With the STAR MAN SINGING IN HIS LANGUAGE, the Camaro moves
text: further into Death Valley. The SONG FADES and we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: The Camaro blows by a gas station, closed for the night.
scene_heading: INT. CAMARO - NIGHT
text: The STAR MAN shifts restlessly in his seat as he searches
text: the ghostly landscape for something familiar. He activates
text: the satel compass. The red and green dots are touching.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: How long will it take you to get
dialog: home?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (absently)
dialog: Many, many days and nights...
text: He presses the satel compass into his palms.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Would you like to listen to some
dialog: music?
text: The STAR MAN shakes his head "no."
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I'm sure we could find a country and
dialog: western station.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: No, thank you.
text: Jenny takes his hand in hers.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Don't worry. Everything's going to
dialog: be fine.
text: The STAR MAN smiles wanly at her.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (leans forward to
dialog: look up at night sky)
dialog: Which star is yours?
text: It only takes the STAR MAN an instant to find his home.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: There.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Where?
text: He directs Jenny's attention to the constellation Auriga.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (meaning the star
dialog: Capella)
dialog: The yellow one.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Oh, wow... I'll tell you what. When
dialog: the baby is born, we'll go out in my
dialog: back yard and wave to you.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I will wave to you.
text: All we can HEAR are the TIRES HUMMING over the road. The
text: Camaro rounds the side of a low hill.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Oh, shit!
text: Jenny slams on the brakes. One of the Cobra helicopters, lit
text: from the inside, is parked next to a line of flares across
text: the road ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. CLOSED GAS STATION - NIGHT
text: The STAR MAN is looking through a window at the repair bay,
text: lit by a work light. Jenny is standing in a phone shell on
text: the front of the garage, the receiver to her ear.
text: The STAR MAN moves to the office door. He tries the knob. It
text: is locked.
speaker_heading: JENNY
speaker_heading: (to the STAR MAN)
text: They're trying to get him.
text: Suddenly the STAR MAN slams his shoulder against the door.
text: It swings open.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: What are you doing?!!
text: Fox's voice comes out of the receiver in her hand.
speaker_heading: FOX (V.O.)
dialog: Mrs. Haydn...
scene_heading: INT. COBRA - NIGHT
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: (speaking into a
dialog: headset)
dialog: This is George Fox...
speaker_heading: JENNY (V.O.)
dialog: I want to speak to Marc Shermin.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: You can speak to me, Mrs. Haydn. I'm
dialog: in charge of this operation now.
scene_heading: EXT. CLOSED STATION - NIGHT
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: If I don't speak to Mr. Shermin, I'm
text: hanging up.
speaker_heading: FOX (V.O.)
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Okay...
text: Tethered by the phone cord, Jenny tries to see what the STAR
text: MAN is doing inside the repair bay.
scene_heading: INT. REPAIR BAY - NIGHT
text: Using an air filter top as a basket, the STAR MAN scavenges
text: from the work bench and the car up on the lift, fuses, lengths
text: of wire, circuit boards from a radio, tubing, metal pipe and
text: a Black and Decker drill. While he is doing this we get
text: glimpses of Jenny pleading his case on the phone. Finally,
text: leaving the receiver dangling at the end of its cord, she
text: comes around to stand in the doorway.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Mr. Shermin wants to speak to you.
scene_heading: INT. SHERMIN'S HELICOPTER - NIGHT
speaker_heading: JENNY (V.O.)
dialog: Here he is.
text: Shermin looks warily at the headset. When the STAR MAN doesn't
text: speak immediately, he takes the initiative.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: Hello...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN (V.O.)
dialog: I must get to my ship, Mr. Shermin.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: We can't let you do that.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN (V.O.)
dialog: I don't want to hurt anybody. I just
dialog: want to go home.
scene_heading: INT. COBRA - NIGHT
text: Fox is listening to the conversation.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN (V.O.)
dialog: All the roads into Death Valley are
dialog: blocked. We'd like to talk to you.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN (V.O.)
dialog: If I talk to you, I will miss my
dialog: ship.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN (V.O.)
dialog: Hold on a minute... Let's take the
dialog: chance, George.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: No deal.
scene_heading: EXT. CLOSED GAS STATION - NIGHT
speaker_heading: SHERMIN (V.O.)
dialog: I'm afraid we can't let you go.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I understand.
text: He hangs up.
scene_heading: INT. REPAIR BAY - NIGHT
text: The STAR MAN shaves the rubber off the electrical lines
text: leading into the fuse box and clips two wires of his own
text: onto the exposed copper. With Jenny watching we have a montage
text: of the STAR MAN working through the night: modifying the
text: insides of the Black and Decker drill, cutting out the mid-
text: section above the trigger, fitting electrical components
text: into that area, screwing a pipe into the bit-clamp, welding
text: it together with the spark that arcs between the electrical
dialog: wires.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE (GAS STATION) - NIGHT
text: Jenny folds a sheaf of money into a sheet of yellow paper
text: and props it on the cash register. 'For Damages. Thank You'
text: is scribbled on the front. She runs out to catch the STAR
text: MAN who is on his way to the Camaro.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMARO - NIGHT
text: Carrying the modified Black and Decker drill the STAR MAN
text: opens the driver's door.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Where do you think you're going?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Thank you, Jennyhaydn. You are good.
dialog: I must go alone now.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I said I would get you to your ship
dialog: and that's where we're going to say
dialog: goodbye.
scene_heading: INT. CAMARO - NIGHT
text: Both hands on the wheel, Jenny is burning down the center
text: line. The STAR MAN bends two thin wires trailing out from
text: the grip of the drill. Jenny winces as he buries them into
text: the flesh on either side of his left wrist. The car skates
text: around the corner of a low hill. They can see that the Cobra
text: is still sitting next to the road.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (glancing at the
dialog: modified drill)
dialog: I hope that works.
text: The STAR MAN is lost in concentration.
text: Jenny kills her lights and glues the accelerator to the floor.
text: Three MEN scramble from the helicopter with M16s. A BURST OF
text: SLUGS RIPS THROUGH the Camaro's WINDSHIELD. The STAR MAN
text: leans out the passenger window and with an other-worldly
text: scream, fires. The helicopter is BLOWN TO SMITHEREENS. The
text: concussion throws the men to the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. BURNING HELICOPTER - NIGHT
text: The Camaro whizzes through the falling DEBRIS.
scene_heading: INT. CAMARO - NIGHT
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: It works.
text: The STAR MAN slumps in exhaustion and pain.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I do not know how many times I can
dialog: do this.
scene_heading: INT. SHERMIN'S HELICOPTER - NIGHT
text: It is filled with the radio voices of the Cobra crews setting
text: up to attack the Camaro.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: The Camaro becomes airborne at the crest of a dip. Only its
text: new shocks save the landing.
scene_heading: INT. CAMARO - NIGHT
text: The STAR MAN draws the satel compass out between his palms.
text: The green dot now covers the right half of the red dot. He
text: presses his palms together and looks past Jenny at the rugged
dialog: foothills.
text: The first light of day is starting to color the sky behind
text: them. Jenny and the STAR MAN are startled by the DRUMMING
text: WHOMP OF A HELICOPTER. The STAR MAN looks out the window for
text: its source. He can't see anything. The SOUND FADES. In a
text: moment, it is REPEATED ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE CAR and AGAIN
speaker_heading: IT FADES.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: If my ship is not here, we are in
dialog: trouble.
text: This is a truism that Jenny doesn't want to hear and she
text: flexes her fingers on the wheel.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (points at a
dialog: distinctive cone
dialog: peak)
dialog: That's where we landed last time.
dialog: Right under that mountain.
text: Jenny and the STAR MAN steady themselves for the last leg of
text: their journey. Suddenly, their silence is exploded by a COBRA
text: dropping out of the sky in front of them. Its searchlight
text: bangs into their faces and, with its thirty-calibre MACHINE
text: GUNS BLAZING, it comes straight at them.
text: Jenny yanks the Camaro onto the shoulder. The SLUGS CHEW UP
text: the asphalt beside it. She fishtails back onto the road. A
text: SECOND COBRA surprises them from the STAR MAN's side. Its
text: MACHINE GUN KNOCKS OUT the BACK WINDOW before he can FIRE.
text: The STAR MAN crawls over his seat and arranges himself in
text: the hole that was the back window to meet the Cobras' next
text: FIRING RUN. It doesn't take them long. The first two have
text: been joined by a THIRD. They swoop down on the Camaro.
scene_heading: INT. LEAD HELICOPTER - NIGHT
text: The gunsights lock on the car below. The CO-PILOT squeezes
dialog: the trigger.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMARO - NIGHT
text: SHOTS THUMP INTO the trunk in front of the STAR MAN and he
text: FIRES. The lead HELICOPTER ERUPTS, raining pieces of hot
text: metal over the desert floor. The other helicopters are jarred
text: out of their run and their BULLETS harmlessly KICK UP SAND
text: on the shoulder. Before they can regroup, the STAR MAN BLOWS
text: THEM OUT OF THE SKY.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: In front!!! In front!!!
text: The STAR MAN has to hang on as Jenny dodges the car out of
text: the path of a Cobra skimming over the highway toward them.
text: As it goes over, he is able to get off a SHOT directly INTO
text: its UNDERBELLY. The BALL OF FLAME almost engulfs the Camaro.
scene_heading: INT. CAMARO - NIGHT
text: The STAR MAN slumps down into the back seat breathing hard.
text: Jenny looks over her shoulder at him and is shocked at the
text: strain that shows on his face.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Hang on.
text: She throws the car into a skid and leaves the blacktop for a
text: dirt road winding between two low hills.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - NIGHT
text: At the base of a sandstone cliff, the Camaro slides to a
text: stop. Jenny helps the STAR MAN out. She supports him as they
text: struggle toward the protection of the boulders. Fox's Cobra
text: roars over the hill.
scene_heading: INT. COBRA - NIGHT
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: (spots the car)
dialog: Over there.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - NIGHT
text: The STAR MAN turns toward the Cobra. Weakly, he raises his
text: weapon and pulls the trigger. Nothing happens. The searchlight
text: from the Cobra finds them. Its machine guns begin to raise
text: puffs of gravel around them. Jenny grabs the STAR MAN's arm
text: and pulls him into the relative safety of the rocks. The
text: STAR MAN collapses against the cool stone.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: (gasps)
dialog: I can't shoot anymore.
text: Jenny looks out between the crags. Shermin's helicopter
text: arrives to join the Cobra. With their searchlights flicking
text: over the sagebrush, they move cautiously toward the cliff.
text: Jenny turns back to the STAR MAN. He is too weak to run
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: (touches his shoulder
dialog: lightly)
dialog: I won't let anyone hurt you.
scene_heading: INT. FOX'S HELICOPTER - NIGHT
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: Watch it. They're coming out.
scene_heading: INT. SHERMIN'S HELICOPTER - NIGHT
text: Six images (close-up to full shot) of Jenny and the STAR MAN
text: stepping out of their hiding place fill the television screens
text: in front of Shermin.
speaker_heading: FOX (V.O.)
dialog: End it, Shermin.
text: Lyman taps his keyboard. The screens all change to a long-
text: shot of Jenny and the STAR MAN with cross-hairs superimposed
text: on them.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - NIGHT
text: Shermin's helicopter moves toward Jenny and the STAR MAN
text: standing helpless in the circle thrown by the searchlight.
scene_heading: INT. SHERMIN'S HELICOPTER - NIGHT
text: The cross-hairs have locked on Jenny and the STAR MAN. Shermin
text: knows he can't do it. He picks up a headset.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: George... Do you hear me, George?
speaker_heading: FOX (V.O.)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: I just retired.
speaker_heading: FOX (V.O.)
dialog: Shermin!! Shermin!!!
text: Shermin flips a switch on the console that cuts Fox off.
speaker_heading: SHERMIN
dialog: (to his crew)
dialog: Let's get out of here.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - NIGHT
text: Shermin's helicopter passes over the heads of Jenny and the
text: STAR MAN and rises into the dawn sky.
scene_heading: INT. COBRA - NIGHT
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: Shermin!!!
text: He throws down his headset.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: (to the pilot)
dialog: Lock in.
text: The gunsights lock in on Jenny and the STAR MAN. Fox's grip
text: tightens on the trigger. Suddenly the helicopter begins to
text: vibrate and drift off its target. Fox looks toward the sound
text: coming from his right and his eyes widen in fear as he sees
text: the STAR MAN's ship looming over him.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - NIGHT
text: The spacecraft passes over the top of the helicopter. The
text: whirling downdraft emanating from the spaceship's underbelly
text: yanks the Cobra away from Jenny and the STAR MAN and whips
text: it into a spin which gets faster and faster until it
text: disintegrates and falls to the desert floor.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - NIGHT
text: Jenny and the STAR MAN shield their faces against the DUST
text: STORM that billows under the WHINING DESCENT of the
text: spacecraft. It settles into a landing across the dirt road
text: resting on its three pods. With a crack, a cone of bright
text: white light blasts from the underside.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I must go.
text: Jenny nods.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: What do I do now?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: You say you love me and kiss me
dialog: 'goodbye.'
text: The STAR MAN puts his arms around her and holds her tight.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: (her head on his
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: I'm never going to see you again, am
dialog: I?
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: No.
text: He kisses the tears out of her eyes, then full on the mouth.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I love you.
text: The STAR MAN steps back and places a hand on Jenny's stomach.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Tell the baby about me.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Goodbye.
text: He turns from her and walks to his ship. Jenny watches him
text: go, then remembers something.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: Wait!!
dialog: She gets the Webster's Dictionary and the Columbia History
text: of the World from the Camaro and runs to the STAR MAN. He
text: takes them and kisses her again.
speaker_heading: STAR MAN
dialog: Thank you, Jennyhaydn.
text: Jenny backs away as the STAR MAN walks under the ship into
text: the white light. He waves one last time to Jenny and is
text: swallowed into the ship by the light.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - NIGHT
text: Jenny turns away from the stinging sand as the space-craft
text: lifts off. When she looks again, it is high and moving over
text: the foothills. A banking turn brings it back. The ship dips
text: low over her, rocks itself in a gesture of farewell, then
text: shoots off into the stars. When she can no longer see it,
text: Jenny drops her wave with a sigh and starts back toward the
dialog: Camaro.
dialog: Over her walk, we SUPER:
scene_heading: JENNY HAYDN GAVE BIRTH TO AN EIGHT-POUND, SEVEN-OUNCE BABY
text: BOY ON MARCH 10TH.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
