speaker_heading: STARGATE
dialog: by
dialog: Dean Devlin
dialog: &
dialog: Roland Emmerich
dialog: Devlin/Emmerich Draft 7/6/93
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: PRIMITIVE SKETCHES E.C.U.
text: Etched on stone, a JACKAL. Another of a GAZELLE, a spear
text: piercing its skin. Primitive, yet dramatic tribal etchings.
text: The SOUND of ancient CHANTING is HEARD. Widen to REVEAL...
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT LANDSCAPE, NORTH AFRICA - SUNSET 1
text: A young BOY chisels his artwork into the stone ROCKFACE at
text: the edge of this valley. An old MEDICINE MAN, his face
text: painted with bizarre white stripes, CHANTS nearby.
text: The boy abruptly stops his work at the SOUND of distant CRIES.
text: Quickly he climbs the stone. Standing at the top he SEES...
speaker_heading: HUNTERS.
text: RETURNING FROM A KILL. THEY MARCH TOWARDS A SMALL CAMPSITE. 2
text: The tribes people rushing to greet them.
dialog: Super up: North Africa 8000 B.C.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 3
scene_heading: A BLAZING FIRE - LATER THAT NIGHT 4
text: Silhouetted tribesmen dancing in bizarre animal MASKS. Feet
text: STOMPING. The young Boy stares at the fire, SPARKS rising
text: into the air. We PAN UP following the sparks into the sky.
text: A full moon.
text: A SHADOW is suddenly cast across the moon, blotting it out.
scene_heading: INT. TENT - LATER THAT NIGHT 5
text: The young Boy sleeps. Above him hangs an odd carving that
text: slowly begins to RATTLE. The tent's fabric begins to FLAP.
text: The Boy's eyes pop open. He HEARS the sounds of a quickly
text: brewing storm. Footsteps. People hurrying, calling out to
text: each other. Suddenly the tent's entrance flap SAILS OPEN.
text: BRIGHT LIGHT pours in through the entrance.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE - NIGHT 6
text: The Boy exits his tent, staring at the light, intrigued. A
text: storm building all around. Unnatural and eerie.
text: Panicked, the tribesmen run in fear, racing away from the
text: light. The Medicine man, on his knees CHANTING.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
text: The only one without fear, the Boy pushes through them,
text: towards the light. Tents begin to RIP from their posts in
text: the strong GALE WINDS.
text: As the frightened clan retreats, the young Boy moves closer
text: and closer to the light, squinting through the blurring sands.
text: A loud ROARING SOUND, building in ferocity.
text: Slowly we PUSH into an extreme CLOSE UP of the young Boy's
text: eyes which widen. If we could only see what he sees...
scene_heading: SMASH BLACK OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: OMITTED 7
scene_heading: THE GREAT PYRAMID - SUNSET 8
text: A glowing orange setting SUN just above the pyramid's peak.
text: A car drives past.
scene_heading: Super up: GIZA, EGYPT - 1928
scene_heading: INT. CAR - SUNSET 9
text: PROFESSOR LANGFORD and his nine year old daughter CATHERINE,
text: who reads from a thick text book, are RATTLING in the back
dialog: seat.
scene_heading: EXT. DIGGING SITE - GIZA - SUNSET 10
text: The car SCREECHES to a halt. The passenger door opens and
text: Professor Langford JUMPS out. Catherine follows.
text: As they make their way down the ravine we slowly reveal the
text: breadth of this work site. Hundreds of Arab men digging
text: away in the sand.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN TAYLOR 11
text: Is crouched on the ground dusting off three large TABLETS
text: covered in ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics. Professor Langford
text: walks up behind him, staring in awe.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Cover stones. We found them this
dialog: afternoon.
speaker_heading: LANGFORD
dialog: Amazing. But why did you move them?
text: Catherine walks over to a small table, examining other
text: artifacts. She picks up a small GOLDEN SUN DISK; a circular
text: SYMBOL of the sun emblazoned on a gold disk.
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: There was something hidden underneath.
speaker_heading: LANGFORD
dialog: Hidden?
text: Taylor leads Langford over to a large digging pit several
text: yards away. Slowly we TRACK across the sand, over the lip
text: of the digging pit revealing a handful of workers struggling
text: to secure ropes onto something hidden beyond our view.
text: Suddenly the ropes grow taut as they begin to lift.
scene_heading: LARGE METALLIC RING 12
text: over twenty feet in diameter. The RING is slowly lifted out
text: of the pit revealing its shape and structure. It doesn't
dialog: seem to belong to ancient Egypt.
dialog: And perhaps not even this world.
scene_heading: ANGLE - TAYLOR AND LANGFORD 13
text: As they stare in wonder at this newly found treasure. Young
text: Catherine squeezes in between the two.
speaker_heading: LANGFORD
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: What is that thing, Taylor?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I wish I knew.
speaker_heading: THE RING 14
text: as it's lifted upright, suspended above them. An amazing
dialog: sight.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE 15
text: Staring, fascinated. Suddenly the lenses of her glasses
speaker_heading: CRACK.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY STREET - RAIN - DAY 16
text: A cold rainy winter day. Traffic gridlock. Horns honking,
text: cabbies yelling. A grey LIMOUSINE is stuck in traffic.
text: Super up: NEW YORK, PRESENT DAY Through the rain-soaked
text: passenger window we see an ELDERLY WOMAN impatiently checking
text: her watch. Unheard by us, she speaks to her DRIVER who exits
text: and opens the passenger door for her.
text: Taking an umbrella from her driver, the Elderly Woman steps
text: out and makes her way down the center of the street.
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 4.
text: We FOLLOW her through the dense traffic and up into a building
scene_heading: marked: ARCHAEOLOGICAL SOCIETY OF AMERICA
scene_heading: INT. LECTURE HALL - SAME 17
text: Testing the microphone, the M.C. adjusts the feedback as he
text: leans close to address a gathering of distinguished
dialog: Archaeologists.
dialog: M.C.
dialog: Our next guest speaker today will be
dialog: an extraordinary young man...
scene_heading: BOOKS AND PAPERS 18
text: Clumsily this stack of books and papers are organized atop a
text: man's lap. Gathered together, they're lifted as the man
text: attempts to make his way out of his seat, down the aisle.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Excuse me... Pardon me...
dialog: M.C.
dialog: ...He graduated with his masters at
dialog: the age of 20 and speaks eleven
dialog: different languages. He has written
dialog: several seminal articles on the
dialog: comparative linguistics of the Afro-
dialog: Asiatic language groups and the
dialog: development of the Egyptian language
dialog: from the Archaic Period to the Old
dialog: Kingdom. Please let me introduce to
dialog: you, Daniel Jackson.
text: CRASH. The books TUMBLE to the floor. As he leans down to
text: pick them up we SEE for the first time, DANIEL JACKSON,
text: nervously retrieving his belongings.
scene_heading: ANGLE - PROFESSORS 19
text: An older PROFESSOR leans over to his companion.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: Ah, another Wunderkind.
speaker_heading: COMPANION
dialog: I've got socks older than this kid.
text: Daniel makes his way to the microphone.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: You, Sir. What kind of car do you
dialog: drive?
text: Daniel points to the Professor who made the remark.
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: My car? Um..a Ford.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: A model T?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: (peeved)
dialog: I'm not that old. It's an Escort.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: An Escort. Power steering, fuel
dialog: injection. Modern "developments."
text: Ford starts with a model T then
dialog: "develops" into an Escort.
text: The audience doesn't get where Daniel's going with this.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Why didn't Egyptian culture develop?
dialog: Their sciences, art, mathematics,
dialog: everything was complete from the
dialog: very beginning. Why? Maybe, Egyptian
dialog: civilization was not a "development"
dialog: but a legacy!
text: There is an audible REACTION from the crowd.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - SAME 20
text: The Elderly Woman walks past the beautifully displayed
dialog: Egyptian artifacts.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (0.S.)
dialog: The Mastaba tombs around the pyramid
text: are covered with hieroglyphics; names,
dialog: titles of owners, lists of offerings.
scene_heading: INT. LECTURE HALL - SAME 21
text: The Elderly Woman enters from the back of the room, her eyes
text: fixed on Daniel. Absently she fingers the GOLDEN SUN DISK
text: hanging from around her neck. This is CATHERINE LANGFORD,
dialog: no longer the child we met in Egypt.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: But the pyramid, the greatest
dialog: structure ever erected, has no
dialog: writings whatsoever. Why?
text: An imposing older man, PROFESSOR THOMAS interrupts.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Mr. Jackson, you've conveniently
dialog: left out the fact that Colonel Vyse
dialog: discovered quarrymen's inscriptions
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: THOMAS (CONT'D)
dialog: of Khufu's name written within the
dialog: Pyramid.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: His discovery was a fraud.
text: The room ERUPTS in angry dissent.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: You can prove that, I hope?
text: With surprising speed, Daniel draws a series of hieroglyphics
text: on the black board behind the podium.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: This was the cartouche Vyse claimed
dialog: to have found in the relieving
text: chambers above the King's Chamber of
dialog: the pyramid.
text: He circles the first symbol (a clear circle with a dot in
dialog: the middle).
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: But this symbol, representing the
dialog: first consonant in the name Khufu is
dialog: incorrect. The correct symbol is...
text: He draws a circle with the center darkened.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: This is the same exact misspelling
dialog: of Khufu's name that appeared in
dialog: Wilkinson's Materia Hieroglphyica,
dialog: the book that Colonel Vyse used to
dialog: forge his big discovery. However,
dialog: in the very next edition of the same
dialog: book, they revised their translations
dialog: to correct this error.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The editor of this book admit his
dialog: mistake but we, the academic
dialog: community, refuse to.
text: AS several people begin to get out of their seats and walk
text: out, another PROFESSOR (#2) jumps to his feet, incensed.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR #2
dialog: Don't you think it's rather arrogant
dialog: to suggest the last hundred years of
dialog: academic research is a collection of
dialog: lies?!
dialog: He stands
dialog: join him,
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I'm simply saying that the great
dialog: pyramids of Giza were not built by
dialog: the Pharaohs of the fourth Dynasty.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR #3
dialog: This is ridiculous. I won't sit and
dialog: listen to this nonsense.
text: and exits the auditorium. As others in the audience
text: Catherine Langford steps forward.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Mr. Jackson, who do you think built
dialog: the pyramids?
text: There is an awkward silence as Daniel searches for an answer.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I don't know.
text: A heavy set BEARDED MAN smiles and calls out.
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN
dialog: Men from Atlantis?
text: The audience ERUPTS IN LAUGHTER, cueing more people to stand.
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Or Martians perhaps?!
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I didn't say that...
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN
dialog: No, but you were about to.
text: More laughter. Daniel SEES more people filing out. Quickly
text: he tries to organize his notes but is clearly flustered.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: If we could just get back to the
dialog: subject. Perhaps their civilization
text: lies in the buried Wadis of Western
dialog: Sahara. In the Predynastic period
dialog: these areas would have been rich
dialog: with food and animals. New geological
text: evidence pre-dates that Sphinx to a
dialog: much earlier period, confirming my
text: hypothesis.. But as Daniel looks up
dialog: from his material he SEES the last
text: several people left in the room,
text: filing out the back door.
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - DANIEL AT PODIUM 22
text: Alone in the room, Daniel stands at the podium. Sadly he
text: slowly closes his text.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Any questions?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER EAST SIDE - SUBWAY EXIT - LATE AFTERNOON 23
text: Alone in a crowd, Daniel struggles with his books in the
text: rain as he exits the busy subway exit. Absently he steps
text: out into the street. HONK. A cab slams on the brakes, nearly
text: hitting him.
speaker_heading: CABBIE
dialog: Wake up you idiot!
text: Startled, Daniel hurries out of harms way as he passes a
text: small FRUIT STAND. The ARMENIAN owner greets Daniel in his
text: native language, tossing him an apple.
text: Daniel responds with fluid ARMENIAN as he catches the apple
text: on his way over to an old brownstone building.
text: He steps around a grey LIMOUSINE double parked in front of
text: his building as he makes his way inside.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING - CONTINUOUS 24
text: Dripping wet, Daniel steps into the hallway. He stops as he
text: HEARS opera music playing through an open door at the end of
text: the hallway.
text: Slowly he makes his way to the open door only to find,
text: Catherine Langford, sitting inside, relaxed and smoking a
text: cigarette. She holds in her hand a bust of a beautiful
dialog: Egyptian woman.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: (re: bust)
dialog: 14th century, B.C. Nice reproduction.
scene_heading: INT. DANIEL'S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS 25
text: Taken off guard, Daniel walks into his apartment. His room
text: is a mess, multiple stacks of BOOKS line every wall,
text: hieroglyphic tracings and reproductions of Egyptian art.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: How did you get in here?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Your landlord told me you're three
dialog: months behind in your rent, shame on
dialog: you.
text: Daniel puts down his drenched text books and removes his
text: dripping overcoat.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: You were at the lecture.
text: Catherine returns the bust to a table next to a PHOTO of a
text: young couple.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Your parents?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Foster.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Oh, right. Your real parents died
dialog: in a plane crash in...'73?
text: She holds her cigarette out, requesting an ash tray.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Let's cut to the chase, shall we?
dialog: Why are you here?
text: Daniel puts a dead potted plant in front of Catherine.
text: Reluctantly she puts her cigarette out in its dirt.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: To offer you a job.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: A job? What job?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Translation. I want to put you to
dialog: work on some ancient Egyptian
text: hieroglyphics.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: Since when is the military interested
dialog: in ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Who said anything about the military?
text: Daniel walks close to her, defiantly.
dialog: 26
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
text: In front of my building is a grey
dialog: Lincoln town car with government
text: plates. Its chauffeur is wearing a
text: crewcut 'stead of a black cap. And
dialog: the only way you could have gotten
dialog: past my Nazi of a landlord was to
dialog: flash some pretty fancy credentials.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So why is the military interested in
dialog: ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics?
text: Catherine is clearly impressed. She smiles.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: I wish I could tell you more but I
dialog: am not allowed.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: What makes you think I'd take a job
dialog: I don't know anything about?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: You mean beyond the fact that you
dialog: have no family, no friends, and no
dialog: hope of paying that stack of bills
dialog: sitting on your desk?
text: Daniel sneaks a sidelong glance at his mountain of mail.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Well, uh, yes.
text: Catherine stands, walks closer to Daniel. She pulls out a
text: snapshot from her bag and holds it in front of his face.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: To prove that your theories are right.
speaker_heading: THE PHOTO 26
text: A snapshot of the tablets found at Giza in 1928.
text: Mesmerized Daniel grabs at the photo, but Catherine quickly
text: pulls it away. She knows she's hooked him. She hands hima
text: stuffed envelope, instead.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Your travel plans.
text: She turns and heads for the door. Daniel calls out to her.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I'm not big on flying.
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (0.S.)
dialog: Get over it.
text: Daniel watches her walk away, then stares at the envelope.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY 27
text: A dark sedan with a GOVERNMENT SEAL comes to a stop in front
text: of a lower middle-class suburban house. Two OFFICERS in
text: military garb step out of the car and march to the front
text: door of the house.
dialog: Super up: Yuma, Arizona
text: As they walk, we SEE a black military FOLDER one of them
text: carries. The first Officer knocks on the door.
text: The door opens to reveal, SARAH, mid-thirties, tense. The
text: pain she carries tarnishes her once beautiful face.
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1
dialog: Mrs O'Neil?
text: Seeing the Officer's military attire, she nods, moving away
text: from the door.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Come on in.
text: Sarah disappears into the house. The two Officers exchange
text: a glance and follow her inside.
scene_heading: INT. O'NEIL HOUSE - CONTINUOUS - DAY 28
text: Immaculately kept, ordered. Sarah moves into the kitchen as
text: the two officers awkwardly make their way into the living
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1
dialog: Uh, Mrs O'Neil, is your husband at
dialog: home?
text: She answers from the kitchen where she continues her chores.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1
dialog: Do you think we might be able to
dialog: speak with him?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You can try.
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 12.
text: Still she continues to clean in the kitchen. After a long
dialog: beat...
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1
dialog: And where would we find him?
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: Last door, end of the hall.
text: The Officer nods his appreciation as he and his partner head
text: down the hall.
scene_heading: OFFICER'S P.O.V. - DOWN HALL 29
text: As they make their way down the hall, they reach an open
text: doorway at the hall's end. Peering in they SEE, a teenage
text: boy's room. Perfectly kept. Sports trophies, footballs,
dialog: etc.
text: As we TRACK across the room's belongings we FIND a man sitting
text: in a chair facing the window, his back towards us.
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1
dialog: Excuse me, Colonel O'Neil? We're
text: from General West's office.
text: But the man in the chair doesn't turn around.
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1 (CONT'D)
dialog: Colonel?
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - COLONEL JACK O'NEIL 30
text: For the first time we see COLONEL JACK O'NEIL, long hair,
text: six day growth, intense and troubled eyes. There is nothing
text: military looking about this guy. He stares vacantly out the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1 (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir?
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SARAH'S P.O.V. - MOMENTS LATER 31
text: Sarah looks out the kitchen window and SEES the two Officers
text: returning to their car outside. Sarah turns and slowly walks
text: to the back of the house.
text: As she approaches an open bedroom door, she stops, peers
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: P.0O.V. - INTO BEDROOM 32
text: The black FOLDER laying on the bed. A pressed military
text: UNIFORM is laid down next to the folder.
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 13.
text: Pained, Sarah shuts her eyes and turns away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN FOREST - HELICOPTER SHOT - DAY 33
text: Quickly, we SAIL over the treetops through this dense forest
text: area. At the edge of the treeline we FIND a beat up and
text: bruised Chevy, sputtering up the windy mountain road.
dialog: Super up: Creek Mountain, Colorado
speaker_heading: OMITTED 34
scene_heading: EXT. GUARDED GATEWAY - DAY 35
text: The Chevy pulls up to a gate where two MARINES stand guard.
text: One walks up to Daniel's window. Daniel opens the envelope
text: Catherine gave him and hands some papers to the Guard.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Daniel Jackson. I think I'm supposed
dialog: to show this to.. SNEEZE. Daniel
text: grabs for a Kleenex.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Cold?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: No. Allergies. Always happens when
dialog: I travel.
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY COMPOUND - DAY 36
text: A group of MARINES are in the midsts of vigorous training.
text: Led by LIEUTENANT KAWALSKY, early thirties, big, friendly
text: and eager.
text: With a loud BACKFIRE, we SEE the Chevy making its way past.
text: Lt. Kawalsky signals for another soldier to take over, then
text: heads after Daniel.
text: As he walks away, the others stop and watch.
scene_heading: EXT. TUNNEL ENTRANCE - SAME 37
text: Tunneled into the side of a mountain, a large hollowed
text: entrance. Daniel has parked next to it and is struggling to
text: pull an enormous bag out of his trunk.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Daniel Jackson?
text: Startled, Daniel turns to see Kawalsky rushing up. Kawalsky
text: grabs and shakes Daniel's hand.
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dr. Langford was worried you changed
dialog: your mind.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: It took me three days to drive.
text: Again Daniel tries to lift his bag out but he can't.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Help you with that?
text: He reaches in for Daniel's bag.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Careful, books, they're very...
text: Effortlessly Kawalsky lifts the bag out with one hand,
text: SLAMMING the trunk down shut with the other.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: .. heavy.
text: He follows Kawalsky into the tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL ENTRANCE - SUNSET 38
text: DANIEL follows Kawalsky into the dark tunnel. Two large
text: CONCRETE DOORS open to reveal a METAL SHACK, a GUARD standing
text: alongside it. The guard hits a button on the desk and shack
text: OPENS exposing a STEEL CAGE inside. They walk over and enter.
scene_heading: INT. STEEL CAGE - CONTINUOUS 39
text: Suddenly with a loud hydraulic ROAR, the cage quickly DESCENDS
text: DOWNWARD. We WATCH as the cage DROPS down, deeper and deeper.
scene_heading: DANIEL'S P.0.V. - THROUGH CAGE 40
text: Daniel counts the LARGE NUMBERS painted on the shaft walls
text: as they descend. They pass 18, 19, 20... so on.
text: Daniel tries to take it all in. Suddenly the cage STOPS.
text: The number reads 28. The two and the eight are separated as
text: the DOORS OPEN.
scene_heading: DANIEL'S P.0O.V. - UNDERGROUND STRUCTURE - SAME 41
text: Several sterile hallways lead towards us, active with foot
dialog: traffic.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - TRACKING - CONTINUOUS 42
text: Daniel follows Kawalsky down the main hallway.
text: Walking out of an open office door is MEYERS, a balding middle-
text: aged scientist who extends his hand to Daniel as they walk.
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: MEYERS
dialog: Mr. Jackson, Dr. Gary Meyers.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Hi. Where am I?
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (0.S.)
text: A nuclear missile silo.
text: Daniel turns to find BARBARA SHORE, late-thirties, walking
text: up alongside him.
speaker_heading: SHORE
dialog: Don't worry. It's been completely
dialog: converted. Barbara Shore. The token
text: Astrophysicist on the team.
text: Kawalsky stops at the end of the hall, turning back to Daniel.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: This is where you'll be working.
text: Kawalsky opens the door. They all enter.
scene_heading: INT. LAB - CONTINUOUS 43
text: Daniel's eyes widen. A large workroom. The walls are covered
text: with charcoal rubbings and photo enlargements of
text: hieroglyphics. On two large tables are various artifacts.
text: Meyers moves over to the back wall and pulls down a sheet
dialog: that was covering...
scene_heading: THE GIZA TABLETS (FROM THE OPENING) 44
text: The Giza tablets have been fastened to the wall. Daniel is
text: truly amazed, hypnotized. Standing near the tablets,
text: Catherine looks up from some papers and walks over to Daniel.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Glad you decided to join us.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Where did you find them?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Giza Plateau. 1928.
dialog: (pointing out parts
dialog: of tablets)
text: There are two lines of hieroglyphs.
text: The outer edge which has some familiar
dialog: figures, as you can see.
text: She points to a chalk board next to the hieroglyphics that
text: has a loose translation; YEAR 10 OF KING ?, SKY, RA, THE SUN
scene_heading: DISK, COFFIN, DOOR TO HEAVEN.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: And then there is the inner track,
dialog: here. These symbols, as you can
dialog: see, are unlike any ever found.
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Like Champillion with the Rosetta
dialog: Stone, we tried to compare the two
dialog: readings against each other for any
dialog: similarities.
text: Daniel, still in awe, walks over to the translation, examining
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: It's all wrong. what did you use,
dialog: Budge? Why do they keep reprinting
dialog: his books?
speaker_heading: MEYERS
dialog: We tried decoding and translation
dialog: computer programs, used every known
dialog: technique, for years with no result...
text: Daniel erases the word TIME on the blackboard and replaces
text: it with the word YEARS. Peeved, Meyers steps forward.
speaker_heading: MEYERS (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Catherine stops him, watching Daniel, intrigued.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: That's a curious word to use "qebeh."
text: Then an adverbial sedjem-en-ef with
text: a cleft subject "sealed and buried"...
dialog: (turning to Meyers)
dialog: NOT coffin.
text: Shore walks up next to Kawalsky, together they watch Daniel
text: work quickly re-working the translation.
speaker_heading: MEYERS
dialog: (to Daniel)
dialog: What are you doing?!
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: "Forever to eternity for all time".
dialog: You really should have gotten that
dialog: one.
text: Shore looks over at Meyers with an "I told you so" attitude.
text: As Daniel steps back from the board we SEE he has nearly
text: completed the translation of the top part of the Tablets.
dialog: 45
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: This should read, A MILLION YEARS
text: INTO THE SKY IS RA, SUN GOD. SEALED
text: AND BURIED FOR ALL TIME HIS...
text: Then Daniel circles the last word.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: It's not DOOR to HEAVEN. The proper
dialog: translation is... STARGATE.
text: There is a stunned beat. They can't believe how fast Daniel
text: can work. Slowly Daniel turns back to them.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Alright, now will somebody please
dialog: tell me why the military has assembled
dialog: a team of archaeological scientists
text: in a nuclear missile silo on top of
dialog: mount nowhere to study five thousand
dialog: year old Egyptian tablets?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (0.S.)
dialog: My report says, ten thousand.
text: The group turns to SEE...
speaker_heading: COLONEL O'NEIL 45
text: Dressed in full military attire, his hair cropped tight, the
text: Colonel, in sharp contrast to the man we met before, is now
text: the very image of the spit-and-polish soldier.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Ten thousand?
text: Everyone turns, surprised at this intrusion. Clearly the
text: others in the room do not recognise O'Neil. Kawalsky snaps
dialog: to attention.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Sir.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
text: At ease.
text: O'Neil opens the black folder, removes some papers and hands
text: them over to Kawalsky.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Excuse me, do I know...
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Jack O'Neil from General West's
dialog: office. I'll be taking over from
dialog: now on.
dialog: 18.
text: Shocked, Catherine turns to Kawalsky who looks up at the
dialog: papers and nods; it's true. Daniel could care less about
text: the changing of the guard and steps forward.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Wait a minute. Ten thousand? That's
dialog: impossible. Egyptian civilization
dialog: didn't even exist until...
speaker_heading: SHORE
dialog: We know, but the sonic and Radiocarbon
dialog: tests are conclusive. Look at these
dialog: artifacts from associated and
text: overlying strata. Clearly
dialog: Epipaleolithic or Neolithic, probably
dialog: related to the Natufian in Palestine.
dialog: Entirely consistent with the Ninth
dialog: to Tenth Millennium B.C. date.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: These are cover stones. Was there a
dialog: tomb underneath?
speaker_heading: MEYERS
dialog: No. But we found something much
dialog: more interesting.
text: O'Neil interrupts, stepping between them.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Excuse me, but this information has
dialog: become classified.
speaker_heading: MEYERS
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Catherine, what's going on here?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: I'm not sure.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: From now on, no information will be
dialog: passed on to non military personnel
dialog: without my expressed permission.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: You can't be serious. This is
dialog: ludicrous. What the hell am I doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: You're a translator, so translate.
dialog: Lieutenant, I want all information
dialog: not directly pertaining to these
dialog: tablets to be removed and brought to
dialog: my office immediately.
dialog: 46
dialog: 19.
text: O'Neil turns for the exit.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Your office, Sir?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: (turning back)
dialog: And I'll need an office.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Yes Sir!
text: Kawalsky rushes for the door and leads O'Neil out.
text: O'Neil marches out. The group exchange confused glances.
speaker_heading: MEYERS
dialog: Who is this guy?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: I'll handle this.
text: Catherine goes running after O'Neil. Meyers and Shore exit
text: behind her leaving a confused Daniel alone with the Tablets.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Ten thousand?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER 46
text: Kawalsky leads O'Neil down the hallway. From the rear,
text: Catherine rushes to catch up.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Colonel, just a minute.
dialog: (O'Neil stops)
dialog: I think you owe me some kind of
dialog: explanation. I was told I'd have
dialog: complete autonomy.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Plans change.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Things have gotten too loose around
dialog: here. You've even brought in another
dialog: civilian.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Jackson was approved.
dialog: 47
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: To translate. That's all.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: This has nothing to do with Jackson,
dialog: does it? What's this all about? why
dialog: did they bring you in?
text: At first he doesn't want to answer. Finally he decides to
dialog: tell her the truth.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: I'm here in case you succeed.
text: O'Neil turns and walks away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LAB - NIGHT 47
text: To the strains of seventeenth century opera music pouring
text: out of a ghetto blaster, we PAN across the darkened lab.
text: Daniel's belongings are spread throughout the room, including
text: his Egyptian bust. Open books scattered all over the floor.
text: The room is a mess.
text: AS we see the Tablets, we TRACK UP the scaffolding surrounding
text: it until we find Daniel, laying by the top of the Tablets.
text: Daniel, looking harried and tired, is deep in thought.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY (0.S.)
dialog: Do you have a problem with the food
dialog: here? You've barely eaten in days.
text: Daniel leans over the edge of the scaffolding and SEES
text: Kawalsky standing below, a tray of food in his hands.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY (CONT'D)
dialog: You want anything else?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: A point of reference. Some context.
dialog: You want me to solve a puzzle but
dialog: you won't give me the clues.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: You know I'm under strict orders.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: So disobey orders. You know what
dialog: Shakespeare said, "Let them obey
dialog: that know not how to rule."
text: Kawalsky calmly puts the tray of food down on the desk
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Must be tough to always be the
dialog: smartest person in the room.
text: Kawalsky turns and exits. Frustrated, Daniel lays back down
text: onto the scaffolding.
text: Daniel rolls over and climbs down the scaffolding and walks
text: over to a table. He grabs the coffee pot only to find it
text: empty. Carrying the pot with him, Daniel exits the lab.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS - NIGHT 48
text: Just as he steps out of the lab, a NIGHT WATCHMAN looks up
text: from his post. Daniel holds the empty pot up.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
text: Out of water.
text: The Watchman nods as Daniel moves down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - OUTSIDE O'NEIL'S OFFICE - NIGHT 49
text: Turning the corner, pot in hand, Daniel passes O'Neil's
text: office; O'Neil's name freshly painted on the door. Checking
text: to see that he's unobserved, Daniel walks up to the office
dialog: door.
text: Daniel examines a KEYPAD at the side of the door. He reaches
text: into his pocket and pulls out a small pair of nail clippers.
text: He jimmies the top of the pad open with the clippers and
text: jams them into the wiring, SPARKS jump. Suddenly the office
text: door glides OPEN.
scene_heading: INT. O'NEIL'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS - NIGHT 50
text: Like his home, O'Neil's office is immaculately kept. Daniel
text: creeps inside, scanning the room.
text: He SEES a file cabinet and rushes over to it. But as he
text: opens its drawers he finds they are all empty.
text: Daniel opens the closet door and finds a large SAFE, very
text: high security. He looks down at the tiny nail clippers still
text: in his hand. No way.
text: Casually Daniel goes through the desk drawers, but again,
text: empty. Finally in the last drawer he finds a photo of
text: O'Neil's wife and son. Suddenly the GLOW of a computer screen
text: catches his eye. Daniel picks up the keyboard and starts
dialog: typing.
scene_heading: MONITOR - INSERT 51
text: Below the words, UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES, Daniel types
text: the word "query" a highlight list appears. Daniel moves the
text: highlight over the word PERSONNEL. The word SEARCH appears.
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 22.
text: Daniel types in COLONEL JACK O'NEIL. The computer responds,
text: PLEASE WAIT...
text: Impatiently Daniel waits. Suddenly the SHADOW of a guard is
text: SEEN through the door. Daniel FREEZES. The guard passes.
text: Daniel looks back down to the computer and sees...
scene_heading: O'NEIL, JACK - COLONEL - RETIRED, TWO YEARS - RETURNED ACTIVE
scene_heading: DUTY, ONE MONTH.
text: Daniel types something into the computer but the only response
text: he gets is; CLASSIFIED.
text: Frustrated, Daniel shuts the desktop and moves towards the
text: exit. But just as he's about to walk out the door, he spots
text: something on the wall, back up.
scene_heading: DANIEL'S P.0.V. - A STAR MAP
text: of the known universe. Several of the star constellations
text: marked out in white. Daniel reaches up and the Star Map
text: gets violently RIPPED from the wall.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER SCANNER
text: A bar of WHITE LIGHT scans across the table top, over the
speaker_heading: STAR MAP.
scene_heading: WIDEN TO REVEAL:
scene_heading: INT. LAB - MINUTES LATER
text: Stuffing his face with a SNICKERS BAR, DANIEL sits behind
text: the bank of computers, working furiously.
speaker_heading: MONITOR
text: The screen FILLS with the image of one of the hieroglyphics.
text: We PAN UP from the computer to see it on the TABLETS just
text: beyond the screen.
text: Quickly Daniel punches something up on the computer. The
text: computer screen SPLITS putting the image of the hieroglyphs
text: on one side and the map's ORION star constellation on the
dialog: other.
text: Making some adjustments on the computer, Daniel ROTATES the
text: image from the Star Map until it forms the SAME SHAPE AS THE
text: HIEROGLYPHIC. They are, in fact, the same symbol!
text: Daniel turns to his Egyptian bust.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Bingo!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: MILITARY LIMOUSINES
text: Sliding to a stop. Dust. Doors opening. Stepping out of
text: the limos we SEE a DOZEN high ranking military OFFICIALS.
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY COMPOUND - TUNNEL ENTRANCE - DAY
text: The group of OFFICIALS move towards the tunnel entrance. As
text: they march we see that they surround GENERAL WEST, 50's.
text: The group disappears inside.
scene_heading: INT. SILO - HALLWAY - SAME - DAY
text: Kawalsky leads Daniel, who carries a stack of papers, down
text: the hall. Kawalsky stops, opens a door marked BRIEFING ROOM.
text: Daniel enters.
scene_heading: INT. BRIEFING ROOM - CONTINUOUS - DAY
text: The Briefing room is packed; O'Neil, Catherine, Meyers, Shore
text: and all the OFFICIALS we saw entering the compound. At the
text: center of the conversation is General West.
text: Daniel clearly wasn't expecting such an audience.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Daniel, I'd like you to meet General
dialog: West.
speaker_heading: GENERAL WEST
dialog: I've come a long way to hear this.
dialog: Let's see what you've got.
text: Daniel turns to Catherine who nods for Daniel to go ahead.
text: Daniel unfurls O'Neil's star map. Daniel circles one of the
dialog: constellations.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
text: This is a star constellation. Orion.
text: Identical to a symbol on the Tablets.
text: The scientists exchange interested looks.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: The symbols on the Tablets were not
dialog: words. They were constellations.
text: Put together in a meticulous and
text: unique order, forming an address.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: An "address"? You mean coordinates?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Exactly. The centerpiece of the
text: tablets holds the key.
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 24.
text: Daniel draws the cartouche. Shore, Meyers and Catherine
text: exchange a look. Even O'Neil leans forward.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: This cartouche is a map. What we
dialog: have here are the seven points to
dialog: outline a course to a destination.
speaker_heading: SHORE
dialog: Seven?
text: Daniel draws a diagram indicating the six points needed to
speaker_heading: determine a destination (SEE DIAGRAM).
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: In order to find a destination in
dialog: any three dimensional space we need
dialog: to find two points to determine exact
dialog: height, two points for width, and
dialog: two points for depth. Those points
dialog: are indicated here...
dialog: (re: cartouche)
dialog: ...with star constellations.
speaker_heading: GENERAL WEST
dialog: You said you needed seven points?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Yes. While these symbols give us
dialog: our destination, in order to chart
dialog: our course we must have a point of
dialog: origin.
speaker_heading: MEYERS
dialog: But there are only six symbols on
dialog: the cartouche.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: That's because the point of origin
text: is not inside the cartouche but below
dialog: it, here.
text: Daniel circles a small symbol at the base of the cartouche.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: This here. This is the sign for
dialog: Earth. The point of origin. The
dialog: seventh symbol.
text: There is a long silence. Daniel waits for a response. It
dialog: is long in coming.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: (sly smile)
dialog: He did it.
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Did what?
speaker_heading: SHORE
dialog: There is no symbol like that on the
dialog: device.
speaker_heading: MEYERS
dialog: Perhaps some other kind of
dialog: representation?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: What device?
text: Catherine turns to O'Neil and General.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: You'll have to show him. He's the
dialog: only one who can identify it.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Would someone please tell me what's
dialog: going on?
text: The General thinks a moment, turns to O'Neil.
speaker_heading: GENERAL WEST
dialog: Show him.
text: O'Neil walks over to the back wall. He pushes a large BUTTON.
text: Suddenly the whole WALL SLIDES AWAY revealing a huge bay
text: window looking out at a much larger room below.
text: Surprised, Daniel turns. As Daniel walks over to the window
text: we PUSH IN TO SEE...
scene_heading: MISSILE SILO - DANIEL'S P.O.V. 60
text: Through the window we can see the converted missile silo
text: packed with high tech equipment. In the center of all this
dialog: technology sits...
scene_heading: THE METALLIC RING 61
dialog: This ring, the same one found in Egypt over sixty years ago,
text: now seems to be part of one gigantic functioning machine.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: What the hell is that?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Your "Star Gate."
speaker_heading: GENERAL WEST
dialog: Take him downstairs. See if he can
dialog: identify this "seventh symbol."
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 26.
text: Catherine nods and leads Daniel and the others out of the
text: room, down to the silo. O'Neil and the General stay behind.
scene_heading: INT. SILO - MOMENTS LATER 62
dialog: Controlled chaos. This room looks much like "mission
text: control." Catherine escorts Daniel into the control booth.
text: He stares at the ring in total awe.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: While we didn't realize the symbols
dialog: were star constellations, it was
dialog: obvious to us that they match symbols
text: written on the star gate. Problem
dialog: was, we never knew about the seventh
dialog: symbol.
text: Through the observation window above, O'Neil and General
text: West watch as a video camera moves across a TRACK closing in
text: on the details of the Star Gate. General West turns to
dialog: O'Neil.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Jack, it's good to have you back.
dialog: (O'Neil nods)
dialog: How's your wife?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Some days are alright, others aren't.
text: The General nods, understands.
scene_heading: ANGLE - DANIEL AND CATHERINE 63
text: Catherine leads Daniel next to a MONITOR that shows a detail
text: of the symbols written on the rim of the star gate. Daniel
text: stares at the screen, watching the symbols pass as the ring
text: slowly rotates.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Hold it!
text: Catherine turns, signals for the Star Gate to stop spinning.
text: Daniel walks closer to the monitor.
scene_heading: MONITOR - STARGATE E.C.U. - SYMBOLS 64
text: Lifting a black marker to the screen, Daniel draws the symbol
text: he found below the cartouche OVER a symbol seen on the screen.
text: Clearly this symbol is the other representation of the same
dialog: sign.
speaker_heading: MEYERS
dialog: That's it. We must have been blind!
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Let's try it.
dialog: 65
dialog: 27.
text: Catherine picks up a phone. Above we SEE General West picking
text: up a phone from behind the observation glass. He nods.
text: Catherine hangs up.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: (announcing)
dialog: Let's run a test.
text: Over a Mic, Shore gives instructions to two TECNICIANS who
text: program the ring to TURN, front part and back in different
text: directions, aligning the sides. Each section stopping at a
text: particular sign, matching the cartouche.
text: Several ARMED GUARDS suddenly surround the star gate,
text: protecting it, from what, we don't know. A Technician opens
text: the top of the probe and places a caged RAT inside.
text: As each symbol aligns on the StarGate, a LASER ignites in
text: the center of the ring. Each additional laser builds the
text: intensity of the light. Daniel is amazed. He adjusts his
text: glasses to get a better look when they suddenly CRACK.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: I should have warned you about that.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (taking off his glasses)
dialog: Incredible.
text: As the Seventh Symbol is matched up, there is an audible
text: HUM. The lasers BRIGHTEN and a strange light TUNNEL begins
text: to form at the center of the ring.
speaker_heading: SHORE
dialog: It's guiding itself. Can you believe
dialog: this?!
text: Suddenly every computer in the room begins to activate.
text: Lights FLASH, data PRINTS out, technicians rush to deal with
text: all the input. Shore turns around to SEE...
text: MAP ON THE BACK WALL OF THE CONTROL ROOM 65
text: A detailed schematic of the Universe. A small red laser
text: CROSS HAIR begins to trek across the map, leaving Earth and
text: traveling across the galaxy, stopping at the far end of the
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: SHORE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh my God, the beam has locked onto
dialog: a point on the other side of our
dialog: Galaxy!
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN #2
dialog: It has mass. Could be a moon or
text: large asteroid.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Where are we on that map?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
text: Blue dot.
text: The flashing BLUE DOT is all the way on the OTHER SIDE of
text: the screen, lower right corner.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: That's right, Daniel. The other
dialog: side of the known Universe.
text: A PROBE is brought over to a ramp that leads into the center
dialog: of the RING.
speaker_heading: GENERAL WEST
dialog: (filtered through
dialog: microphone)
dialog: Release the Probe.
text: The crew finishes their last preparations and rushes away,
text: leaving the PROBE sitting on the ramp.
speaker_heading: SHORE
dialog: Initiate count down.
text: A COMPUTER COUNTDOWN begins. The technicians put on large
text: DARK SECURITY GLASSES. Catherine hands a pair to Daniel who
text: reluctantly puts them on.
text: Suddenly the PROBE STARTS TO MOVE. The PROBE moves tank-
text: like across the ramp heading directly into the center of the
text: RING. As the countdown reaches the end, the PROBE moves
text: INTO THE RING. Suddenly there is an audible POWER SURGE.
text: BLINDING WHITE LIGHT flashes from the RING. Even with the
text: glasses, Daniel and the others cover their eyes.
text: Suddenly the PROBE VANISHES!
text: Shocked, Daniel looks to Catherine for an explanation. She
dialog: gives none.
text: A SECOND count down begins, counting down from 60... 59...
text: 58... 57... With baited breath, the entire crew remains
text: motionless, waiting for the end of the countdown.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (whispered to Catherine)
dialog: What's happening?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: We're waiting for it to come back.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Come back?
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Never has before.
dialog: 32... 31... 30...
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: How is this possible?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
text: It's made out of a quartz unlike any
dialog: found on Earth. Some kind of natural
text: molecular disrupter. The device is
text: made out of it. It breaks down atoms
dialog: and sends them through another
dialog: dimension.
dialog: 22... 21... 20...
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: How long have you guys been working
dialog: on this?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: My father found it when I was a child.
dialog: But the Egyptian government didn't
dialog: release it until '71. Then we had
dialog: to get it from the British. And
dialog: from there it took another ten years
dialog: to get financing.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
text: From the Pentagon.
dialog: 8... 7... 6...
text: The tension is thick. Everyone in the room is anxious,
text: waiting nervously.
dialog: 3... 2... 1...
text: Through the ring, a vague SHADOW can be seen coming from the
text: other side. Slowly the shadow takes the form of THE PROBE,
text: moving slowly and steadily down the ramp.
text: Within seconds the ring TURNS ON ITS OWN and SHUTS DOWN.
text: The whole room explodes with CHEERS. The armed guards
text: surround the probe as it comes off the ramp. Two guards
text: immediately begin to examine it. One guard opens the top of
text: the probe, removing the caged RAT; still alive and well.
text: The technicians and crew members hug each other,
text: congratulating one another. Meyers rushes over to Daniel
text: shaking his hand, enthusiastically.
speaker_heading: MEYERS
dialog: Congratulations. I mean it.
dialog: 66
dialog: 30.
text: Unlike everyone else, Daniel remains incredulous.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: They're planning on going through,
dialog: aren't they?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: That's what this was all about.
text: Suddenly the phone rings. Catherine picks it up and tries
text: to listen through all the cheering going on around her.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: (yelling to room)
dialog: Quiet! Everyone!
text: The room settles down. As Catherine's expression darkens,
text: everyone in the room turns and looks at her, concerned.
text: Slowly we PAN UP to the observation window. Unheard by us,
text: O'Neil finishes his conversation with Catherine. Slowly the
text: wall LIFTS back up, COVERING the window.
text: Slowly Catherine hangs up the phone and turns back to her
dialog: cohorts.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: We're done. They're sending us all
dialog: home. He said they're taking over
dialog: from here.
speaker_heading: SHORE
dialog: What?!
text: Through the glass window of the control room we SEE...
scene_heading: TECHNICIANS - CATHERINE'S P.0O.V. THROUGH GLASS 66
text: Two Technicians move close to the probe. Suddenly several
text: of the armed guards block their path, rifles lifted. Behind
text: them Kawalsky instructs a guard who removes several DISKS
text: from the probe. Confused, the Technicians turn back to
dialog: Catherine.
speaker_heading: MEYERS
dialog: They can't do this!
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Yes they can.
text: Sadly she turns away, trying to hide her disappointment.
text: Everyone is shocked as the armed guards, led by Kawalsky
text: take the probe out of the silo.
text: Daniel can't believe it. He turns and looks at the
text: crestfallen faces around him. With a strange resolve, Daniel
text: storms out.
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: 67 INT. BRIEFING ROOM - SAME 67
text: The door bursts open as Kawalsky and two of the armed guards
text: march in carrying the recording disks from the probe. They
dialog: pass O'Neil and General West.
speaker_heading: GENERAL WEST
dialog: It's up to you now, Jack.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: I'll be ready. Oh-six hundred hours.
text: O'Neil turns and exits the room.
scene_heading: 68 INT HALLWAY OUTSIDE BRIEFING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 68
text: Barely three steps out of the room, O'Neil is interrupted by
text: Daniel who races up, walking behind him.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Just what the hell do you think you're
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: We'll release all intelligence at
dialog: the appropriate time.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: And who's going to make that decision?
dialog: The Pentagon?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Military intelligence.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: That's a contradiction in terms.
text: Ignoring Daniel, O'Neil walks on.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: How do you think you'll be able to
dialog: keep this quiet! The public will
dialog: want to know.
text: O'Neil stops, faces Daniel.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Who's going to tell them? You?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: If I have to.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: (contemptuous)
dialog: Go ahead. Who do you think is going
dialog: to believe you? You're a joke.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: You have no credibility left out
dialog: there. Face it, your only interest
dialog: here is to try and repair your damaged
dialog: reputation.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: You're damned right I do. I've spent
dialog: the better part of my life studying
dialog: exactly what this project is all
dialog: about. I've dedicated myself to it.
dialog: What have you dedicated your life
dialog: to, Colonel?
text: The Colonel stares at him hard. He'd like to answer but
dialog: won't.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: (cold; lethal)
dialog: Pack your bags and get off this base.
text: O'Neil turns and walks away. Frustrated, Daniel yells after
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: You're going to need me!
speaker_heading: GENERAL WEST (0.S.)
dialog: He may be right.
text: O'Neil and Daniel spin to see General West standing behind
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: A HAND 69
text: Pushes one of the recording disks from the probe into some
text: kind of laser disk-type player.
scene_heading: MONITOR - PROBE'S P.O.V. - DARKLY LIT ROOM 70
text: The monitor lights up and through the static-filled video we
text: see the interior of some architectural STRUCTURE.
scene_heading: WIDEN TO REVEAL:
scene_heading: INT. BRIEFING ROOM - LATER - DAY 71
text: Daniel stands in front of the large wall sized monitor at
text: the edge of the room. Behind are the military officials,
dialog: Kawalsky and O'Neil.
text: The image slowly rotates, panning around the room stone walls.
text: Soon we pass over another STAR GATE, fully powered.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: GENERAL WEST
dialog: Freeze and enhance.
text: The image FREEZES. Digitally the image is ENHANCED as we
text: artificially ZOOM closer, detailing the ring of the Star
dialog: Gate.
text: Fascinated, Daniel moves closer.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: The markings... they're different.
speaker_heading: GENERAL WEST
dialog: That's why I wanted you to see this.
scene_heading: ASSISTANT LIEUTENANT
dialog: The readouts tell us it's an
dialog: atmospheric match. Barometric
dialog: pressure, temperature and most
dialog: importantly oxygen. All compatible
dialog: to Earth. As we expected.
text: The General steps behind Daniel.
speaker_heading: GENERAL WEST
dialog: But I won't send our boys over there
dialog: if I'm not absolutely sure I can
dialog: bring 'em back.
scene_heading: ASSISTANT LIEUTENANT
dialog: We know the beam will only stay
text: connected for a short amount of time.
text: After the ring shuts itself down,
dialog: we'll have to re-establish the beam
text: from the other side.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: We could re-establish from here.
speaker_heading: GENERAL WEST
dialog: Once our team goes through, this
dialog: place will be evacuated and sealed.
dialog: We don't know what might come through
text: from the other side.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: So you want me to go over with the
dialog: team, re-align the Star Gate and
dialog: bring everyone back home.
speaker_heading: GENERAL WEST
dialog: Question is, can you do it?
text: Daniel takes a beat, turns to O'Neil and Kawalsky who stand
text: near the back of the room.
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Yes... I can do it.
speaker_heading: GENERAL WEST
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Positive.
text: General West turns to his counterparts who all nod in
dialog: agreement.
speaker_heading: GENERAL WEST
dialog: Fine. You're on the team.
text: Dismissed, Kawalsky escorts Daniel out of the room. Once
text: they're both gone, O'Neil turns back to General West.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: He's smart. He won't go along with
dialog: us if he figures it out.
speaker_heading: GENERAL WEST
dialog: Then it's your job to make sure he
dialog: doesn't.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAYS 72
text: A trunk is CLOSED, sealed. Boxes, equipment and personnel
text: are being shipped out. Among the busy foot traffic we see
text: Meyers and Shore sadly walking out carrying their suitcases.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - HANGER - EARLY MORNING 73
text: Personnel busses are loaded, people stowing their belongings.
text: Trucks packed with boxes of equipment.
scene_heading: INT. LAB - SAME 74
text: Daniel is buttoning the final button on his standard military
dialog: issue combat uniform.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (0.S.)
dialog: I thought you didn't like to travel.
text: Daniel turns to find Catherine standing in the doorway.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I got over it.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: I wanted to give you something.
text: Catherine walks over to Daniel, taking something out of her
dialog: pocket.
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE (CONT'D)
dialog: This was found the same day as the
dialog: Star Gate. It always brought me
dialog: luck.
text: She opens her hand, exposing the SUN DISK necklace.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I couldn't...
text: Lifting the necklace, Catherine puts it on a grateful Daniel.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Bring it back to me.
text: Overcome with emotion, Catherine turns away and hurries out.
text: Daniel watches her leave.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL ENTRANCE - MOMENTS LATER 75
text: Through the busy traffic of people making their way out we
text: SEE the silhouetted figure of Catherine walking away from
dialog: us.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - SAME 76
text: O'Neil marches towards the anxious and concerned faces of
dialog: our away squad; Kawalsky, five SOLDIERS (We recognize these
text: soldiers from Daniel's arrival) and Daniel.
text: There's a long tense pause. Finally...
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Does anyone want to say anything
dialog: before we go?
text: O'Neil walks past each member of the squad who look up at
text: him and say nothing. SNEEZE. Everyone turns down the line
text: looking at Daniel who wipes his nose with a Kleenex.
scene_heading: INT. SILO - CONTROL ROOM - MORNING 77
dialog: Abuzz with activity.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
text: Initiate commencement sequence.
text: Technicians making final adjustments to the computers. We
text: MOVE up from the computer console to a MONITOR where we see
text: a detail of the RING as it begins to TURN.
text: As it turns we RACK FOCUS through the glass to the Star Gate.
text: In front of it we SEE a WHEELED VEHICLE getting packed with
dialog: equipment.
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (filtered through
dialog: speaker)
text: Cameras on.
text: VIDEO CAMERAS spin from every angle of the silo, focusing on
text: the Star Gate. As we PAN UP from the multitude of cameras
dialog: we stop at...
scene_heading: ANGLE - OBSERVATION WINDOW - GENERAL WEST 78
text: Watching the activity below, the General sees the away squad,
text: led by O'Neil as they march into the silo.
scene_heading: INT. SILO - SAME 79
text: The squad walks over to the ramp. Four SOLDIERS move over
text: to the wheeled vehicle, escorting it on either side as it
text: slowly moves up the ramp.
text: With three of the symbols already LOCKED IN, the Star Gate
text: continues to ROTATE.
text: The squad follows the vehicle up the ramp. Daniel looks up
text: at the spinning Star Gate and swallows hard.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Last sequence initiated.
scene_heading: THE SEVENTH SYMBOL. 80
text: Begins its turn. We FOLLOW IT as it slowly moves into place.
scene_heading: GENERAL WEST'S P.0O.V. - DOWN INTO SILO 81
text: The team stands below in the now empty silo, preparing to
text: enter the ring. General West picks up the microphone.
speaker_heading: GENERAL WEST
dialog: Begin final evacuation.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL BOOTH - SAME 82
text: As the last of the technicians leave, the ENTRANCE DOORS to
text: the Star Gate room and control booth slowly SHUT and LOCK.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION BOOTH - SAME 83
text: General West presses a button and the wall covering SEALS UP
text: over the window. The General turns and exits.
scene_heading: THE SEVENTH SIGN 84
text: locks into place. The Star Gate STOPS ROTATING. The seven
text: lasers IGNITE, forming the beginnings of the TUNNEL.
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAYS - SAME
text: General West, joined by his men, marches down through the
text: elaborate hallways. Doors SHUTTING and SEALING behind them
text: as they march.
scene_heading: INT. SILO - SAME
text: The vehicle hits the top of the ramp and enters INTO THE
text: RING. Daniel stares in wonder at the sight. The entire
text: vehicle and the men alongside EVAPORATE into the ring's
dialog: center.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - SAME
text: The last to leave, General West and his men exit the tunnel
text: entrance and two HUGE CONCRETE DOORS begin to MOVE, closing.
scene_heading: INT. SILO - SAME
text: Stoic, O'Neil is the first to march through after the vehicle.
text: He steps into the ring.
text: Kawalsky turns back to the Soldier behind him. They exchange
text: apprehensive looks. Kawalsky turns back and walks in.
text: The Soldier crosses himself and steps inside, revealing...
speaker_heading: DANIEL
text: His heart in his throat, Daniel stares at the ring.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL ENTRANCE - GENERAL WEST - SAME
text: Through the closing doors we SEE General West looking back
text: just as the two gigantic doors SEAL CLOSED, blackout.
scene_heading: INT. STARGATE ROOM - SAME
text: Daniel shuts his eyes and steps into the beam.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
text: Before our eyes we SEE Daniel broken down to the molecular
text: level... ...he enters another dimension. A fourth
text: dimension... ...traveling over millions of light years outside
dialog: of our own time continuum...
text: ...we then enter a gigantic black space, floating... until a
text: sun-like light RUSHES towards us, engulfing us... ...the
text: screen BURNS to COMPLETE AND TOTAL WHITE... Slowly out of
text: the bright white light, a face forms. Molecules rush
text: together. It's Daniel, covered with frost, dropping down to
text: his knees, clutching himself in pain.
scene_heading: WIDEN TO REVEAL:
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: INT. PYRAMID - STARGATE ROOM - SAME 93
text: In a pool of light beneath the Star Gate on the other side
text: (exactly like the one on Earth), Daniel is curled up, freezing
text: cold. Hands reach out for him. Panicked, Daniel knocks
dialog: them away.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Jackson, you alright?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Calm down, Jackson, it's over.
text: Squinting through the bright light, Daniel can just make out
text: the shapes of the other members of the squad, scattered around
text: the room in various states of recovery.
text: Coughing, squinting and shaking off the cold, the team comes
dialog: together.
text: Suddenly the Star Gate begins to TURN on its own. As it
text: STOPS the light at the ring's center SHUTS OFF. TOTAL
text: BLACKNESS.
text: A FLARE ignites. Adjusting to the new light we SEE O'Neil
text: holding the flare, checking his men.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Everyone alright?
text: Slowly the squad nods. One soldier, LT. FERETTI, shakes it
dialog: off.
scene_heading: LT. FERETTI
dialog: Tell me we don't have to go through
dialog: that thing again.
text: Daniel, slowly recovering, lifts himself up, dazed. A second
text: flare is LIT. Using the light, Daniel scans the room,
text: spotting the Star Gate. He's amazed.
text: As he looks around we SEE that we are in a massive stone
text: surrounding, not nearly as big as the silo, yet still
text: impressive. Behind Daniel the squad gathers equipment,
dialog: readies to move out.
text: One soldier, FREEMAN, attaches a light to a harness mounted
text: VIDEO CAMERA, while BROWN slips on a back pack connected to
dialog: a receiving DISH for collecting technical data. Brown checks
text: a readout monitor attached to the back of his arm.
text: O'Neil moves over to a doorway leading to a short hallway.
text: He looks down the hallway and turns back to the squad.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Feretti, take point. First team.
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 39.
text: Feretti lifts his rifle. He and another Soldier lead Brown
text: through the doorway. Kawalsky and another Soldier move across
dialog: from O'Neil.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (CONT'D)
text: Kawalsky, cover the rear.
text: Kawalsky nods as O'Neil moves through followed by another
text: soldier. Freeman adjusts his camera harness and follows.
text: Kawalsky moves to follow, then turns back to Daniel.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Jackson!
text: Daniel spins, nods and follows.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAYS/MEDALLION ROOM - CONTINUOUS 94
text: Slowly the squad makes its way through the dark hallway and
text: across this small room. Brown checks his readout on the
dialog: move.
text: O'Neil and his team move quickly through, followed by Daniel
text: who stops, noticing something. He reaches forward and grabs
text: Freeman, turning his light down to the floor.
scene_heading: DANIEL'S P.O.V. - MEDALLION 95
text: We see a large round MEDALLION on the floor. Tilting
text: Freeman's light we look up to find a similar object on the
text: ceiling above.
text: Daniel doesn't know what to make of it. Annoyed, Freeman
text: shakes himself loose from Daniel and moves on.
scene_heading: BLACKNESS - HALLWAY 96
text: Two small blue-ish flares ROLL towards us, landing to a bumpy
text: stop. Together they illuminate this GRAND GALLERY (a larger
text: hallway leading upwards). Below us we see Feretti's face as
text: he peers upwards.
text: He tosses another flare and enters with his team.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BROWN 97
text: Spinning and turning as he marches upwards into the Gallery.
text: O'Neil and his team follow, guns ready, camera recording.
speaker_heading: DANIEL 98
text: at the rear, stares at the surroundings. Somehow it all
text: seems familiar to him.
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: RAMPWAY TOP - CONTINUOUS 99
text: At the top of the rampway, the hall LEVELS off to a short
text: hallway leading to another chamber. As the team arrives,
text: they gather together awaiting instructions.
scene_heading: TEAM'S P.O.V. - DOWN HALLWAY 100
text: Ahead of them, LIGHT can be SEEN in the next chamber, perhaps
text: leading outside. Brown, Feretti and another soldier move
text: ahead of the rest, heading into the next room.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL - CONTINUOUS 101
text: A much larger hallway filled with huge pillars. Feretti
text: peels off to one side, the other soldier taking position
text: across from him. Brown steps into the room, taking readings.
scene_heading: TEAM'S P.0.V. - BROWN 102
text: Silhouetted at the end of the hall, in the next room. Brown
text: turns his back to us.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: (off his readout)
text: Conditions are similar to inside.
dialog: Radiation, electromagnetic and other
dialog: exposures, normal.
text: The rest of the team moves onward.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL - CONTINUOUS 103
text: Cautiously the team makes its way through this huge room,
text: rotating positions, moving pillar at a time. Again, Brown
text: and Feretti are the first to reach the doorway leading
dialog: outside.
text: Checking his readings, Brown turns back and gives the okay
text: sign. The team follow.
scene_heading: ANGLE - DANIEL 104
text: Totally awestruck, Daniel cannot believe what he's seeing.
text: He's thrilled. Nearly in a daze, Daniel takes it all in.
scene_heading: DANIEL'S P.0.V. - EXITING ENTRANCE HALL - DAY 105
text: Following closely behind O'Neil, Daniel slowly makes his way
text: through the doorway out into the bright sunlight. Daniel
text: finds himself on a large platform surrounded by SAND DUNES.
text: Ahead of him he SEES the soldiers who've taken defensive
text: positions across the platform and Brown and Freeman who are
text: amazed as they record all they survey.
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE PLATFORM - DAY 106
text: We see the entire team positioned across this mammoth
text: structure. O'Neil turns to Kawalsky and Feretti.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: I want to see where the hell I am.
text: Kawalsky, Feretti, secure the base
dialog: of this ramp. I'm going to take a
dialog: look around.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I'll go with you.
text: O'Neil ignores Daniel as he follows Kawalsky and Feretti
text: down the long ramp into the sands.
scene_heading: ANGLE - ENTRANCE RAMP 107
text: At the base of the ramp stand two LARGE OBELISKS. Kawalsky
text: and Feretti take positions on either side of the OBELISKS.
text: O'Neil and Daniel follow down the ramp and into the sand.
text: Behind them, Freeman marches down with his camera. As he
text: nears the base of the ramp he LIFTS his camera to get a better
text: look at the structure they've just left. Slowly he moves
text: away from his eyepiece.
speaker_heading: FREEMAN
dialog: Holy shit!
scene_heading: ANGLE - DANIEL AND O'NEIL 108
text: climb the dune across from the obelisks. Winded, Daniel
text: reaches the top long after O'Neil.
text: As Daniel catches his breath he turns to see what O'Neil is
text: looking at. Daniel is stunned, speechless.
scene_heading: DANIEL'S P.0O.V. - THE PYRAMID 109
text: Just like the great one of Egypt, only BIGGER and without
text: any decay. Glorious and breathtaking.
text: Looming just beyond the pyramid we see THREE SUNS in the sky
text: bearing down on us. Thrilled, exhilarated and frightened,
text: O'Neil and Daniel stand there in total awe. Too overwhelmed
dialog: to speak. Finally...
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (thrilled)
dialog: I knew it!
text: O'Neil shoots him a look and heads back down the dune.
text: Overjoyed, Daniel just stares at the horizon, filled with
text: wonder. Halfway down, O'Neil turns back to him.
dialog: 110
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Jackson, what are you waiting for?
text: Daniel turns and follows.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - OBELISKS 110
text: Kawalsky and Feretti move over to meet O'Neil as he walks
text: over from the dune. Freeman continues to video everything.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: I want two men securing the hallways
text: leading to the star gate, two men
text: guarding the entrance of the
dialog: structure. Freeman, you and Brown
dialog: sweep the exterior surroundings...
speaker_heading: FREEMAN
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Daniel rushes up from behind.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: ...and you, get to work. I want us
dialog: re-establishing contact within the
dialog: hour.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I need more time. There's bound to
dialog: be more structures here, traces of
dialog: Civilization...
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: What are you trying to say?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Look at it! It's an exact replica
dialog: of the great pyramid of Giza. We're
dialog: not going to find any hieroglyphic
dialog: or pictorial displays. We've got to
dialog: expand our search... Kawalsky and
text: Feretti exchange a glance. O'Neil
text: steps close to Daniel.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Your job is to re-align the star
dialog: gate and get us back home. Can you
dialog: do it or not?
text: There's a long pause as Daniel decides to answer.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Can't or won't?
dialog: 43.
text: Feretti leans close to Kawalsky who stares at Daniel, pissed.
speaker_heading: FERETTI
dialog: What's he talking about?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: If they marked the co-ordinates on
dialog: tablets back on Earth, there must be
dialog: something like that here. I just
dialog: have to find it.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Find it!? That wasn't the deal!
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: FERETTI
dialog: So we're stuck here. Great.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: You lying son of a bitch.
text: Kawalsky SHOVES Daniel, hard.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Lieutenant!
text: Kawalsky freezes. There is a long tense moment as Kawalsky
text: finally eases off.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: We'll set up base camp down here.
dialog: Organize our supplies.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: But Colonel...
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: You have your orders.
text: Reluctantly Kawalsky turns and leaves, Feretti in tow. Daniel
text: stands up behind O'Neil who turns back to him. O'Neil turns
text: and looks at Daniel, cold. After a pregnant beat, O'Neil
text: turns and walks away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 111 A HAMMER 111
text: Slams down against a large tent SPIKE.
scene_heading: 112 EXT. BASE CAMP - LATE AFTERNOON. 112
text: A shirtless Feretti ties down the cover tent; a larger tent
text: shading several smaller tents beneath. Sweating under the
text: intense heat, Brown and Freeman unpack some equipment.
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: FREEMAN
dialog: If we don't return soon, they'll
dialog: just turn it back on from the other
dialog: side, won't they?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Who will? They sealed the silo!
dialog: Don't you get it? There's no one
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: FERETTI
dialog: I'm telling you guys, we're stuck
dialog: here!
text: Pissed, Feretti takes out his frustration on another tent
dialog: post, SLAM.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID - SAME 113
text: At the base of the ramp, Daniel struggles carrying a heavy
text: box. Another Soldier BUMPS into him as he passes, easily
text: carrying his own load.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: No problem, I got it.
text: Contemptuous, the other soldier doesn't even look back.
text: Daniel begins the long climb up the dune.
scene_heading: INT. STARGATE ROOM - SAME 114
text: Kawalsky walks over to the wheeled vehicle to pick up the
text: last two crates from its cargo area.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
text: Base camp is set up, Sir.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: I've got that one.
text: Kawalsky nods. He puts back down one of the crates and leaves
text: with the other. Once gone, O'Neil moves over to the wheeled
text: vehicle, lifting off the last crate. He reaches into his
text: pocket and produces a strange looking TOOL.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY (0.S.)
dialog: Sir, permission to speak?
text: O'Neil coolly palms the tool, hiding it and turns around.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Granted.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: I just wanted to apologize for losing
dialog: my cool. It's just... this is all
dialog: so... overwhelming.
dialog: 115
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Don't let it happen again.
text: O'Neil turns away. Hurt, Kawalsky would like to say more,
text: doesn't. He leaves. O'Neil takes the tool, placing it into
text: the floor boards of the vehicle.
text: As he maneuvers the tool, a section of the floor COMES OFF,
text: revealing a hidden compartment below. O'Neil reaches in and
text: removes two heavy, SOPHISTICATED LOOKING DEVICES.
text: Placing the Devices on the floor, he adjusts something on
text: them, connecting the two pieces together. Joined, he opens
text: a common LID, exposing a small button.
text: As he presses it, a square electrical "KEY" POPS UP.
text: O'Neil pockets the "KEY" and shuts the lid, locking it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BASE CAMP 115
text: Daniel struggles up the last few steps of the hill. He DROPS
text: his cargo down, with a THUD. Exhausted, he sits.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Anyone have some sun block... say
dialog: 100?
text: The others turn away, ignoring his joke.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: What's in all these boxes, anyway?
text: Daniel opens the box he carried, revealing DOZENS OF GUNS.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Jesus. You guys plan on fighting a
dialog: war here?
text: Feretti shoots him a dirty look.
speaker_heading: FERETTI
dialog: Don't you have something you should
dialog: be doing?
text: Feretti lifts a large duffel and HEAVES it at Daniel, knocking
text: him over. The duffel rolls from his hands and all his BOOKS
text: go TUMBLING DOWN the other side of the dune.
text: Feretti smiles to Brown as Daniel reluctantly gets up and
text: climbs down the dune after his belongings.
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: 1214
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: LOWER DUNE - CONTINUOUS 116
text: Daniel makes his way clumsily down the sand, his books are
text: scattered everywhere. As he reaches over to pick up the
dialog: empty duffel, he SEES...
speaker_heading: HOOF PRINTS
text: in the sand. Deep set prints, walking around the next dune.
text: Daniel can't believe it. For a moment he considers going
text: back and telling the others, thinks better of it and follows
dialog: the tracks.
speaker_heading: NEXT DUNE 117
text: As Daniel climbs to the top of the next dune he SEES the
text: tracks continuing over the next sand dune. Daniel follows.
scene_heading: BASE CAMP - SAME 118
text: O'Neil arrives carrying the last crate. He looks around,
text: turns to Feretti.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Where's Jackson?
text: The Soldiers exchange a glance.
speaker_heading: FERETTI
dialog: He dropped his stuff. I think he
dialog: went to pick it up.
text: Feretti points in the direction Daniel went. O'Neil signals
text: Brown and Kawalsky to follow him.
scene_heading: LOWER DUNE - CONTINUOUS 119
text: O'Neil finds the books and bag scattered down the sand.
text: Across from it several tracks, the beasts' and Daniel's.
text: O'Neil shoots a look over to his men.
scene_heading: SAND DUNES - SAME 120
text: As Daniel reaches the top of the next dune he sees something.
text: He crouches low, not to be seen.
scene_heading: DANIEL'S P.0O.V. - MASTADGE 121
text: Climbing beyond the next dune we SEE a large hairy BEAST. A
text: strange cross between a Mammoth and a Buffalo, (called a
text: MASTADGE). Daniel is awestruck.
text: Slowly and cautiously, Daniel starts to make his way towards
dialog: it.
text: Halfway down, however, the Mastadge TURNS, spotting Daniel.
text: Daniel FREEZES in his tracks. So does the Mastadge.
dialog: 122
dialog: 47.
text: After a long beat where no one moves, Daniel takes a step
text: forward. The Mastadge takes a step back. Daniel freezes.
text: The Mastadge takes a step forward but this time a nervous
text: Daniel takes a step back. Both freeze.
text: Daniel notices something on the head and neck of the Mastadge;
text: A HARNESS. He reaches into his picket and pulls out a
text: SNICKERS BAR. He peels it and shows it to the Mastadge.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Hungry?
text: With its great nostrils, the Mastadge SNIFFS the air. Daniel
text: inches closer as the Mastadge lowers its head. Slowly the
text: Mastadge moves closer to Daniel, cautious. Carefully, Daniel
text: lifts the bar, closer to the animal's mouth. We RACK FOCUS
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: ANGLE - O'NEIL, BROWN AND KAWALSKY 122
text: As they come over the top of the next dune, spotting Daniel.
text: Kawalsky and Brown lift their weapons.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Don't feed it!
text: Daniel turns, sees O'Neil, but ignores him. The Mastadge
text: sticks out its MASSIVE TONGUE and LICKS the Snickers Bar.
text: Daniel, nervous, drops the bar. The Mastadge leans down and
text: picks it up with its teeth.
text: Daniel smiles and moves closer to it. He reaches out and
text: PETS the Mastadge. It makes a kind of PURRING SOUND as it
text: eats. It's cute as hell. It nuzzles Daniel.
text: Daniel turns to O'Neil, yells over to him.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Look, it's got a harness. It's
dialog: domesticated. See?
text: Daniel lifts one of the reins attached to the harness and
text: shows it to O'Neil. O'Neil nods apprehensively, signals his
text: men to lower their rifles.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: You're a good old boy, aren't you.
text: The beast seems to respond. Daniel smiles as he runs his
text: hand over the Mastadge's head. But when Daniel's hand touches
text: the beasts EARS, it REARS UP, ROARING.
text: The Mastadge JUMPS UP onto its back legs. His reins get
text: caught around Daniel's leg. Screaming the Mastadge KICKS
text: and TAKES OFF RUNNING! Daniel gets DRAGGED OFF along with
dialog: the beast.
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 48.
text: O'Neil and the Lieutenants lift their weapons but the animal
text: is too FAST. They watch as Daniel gets DRAGGED up and over
text: the next sand dune DISAPPEARING from sight.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: (yelling after Daniel)
dialog: Let go of it!
text: Frustrated, they lower their guns and take off after them.
scene_heading: ANGLE - DANIEL AND MASTADGE
text: Daniel is DRAGGED, screaming as he's pulled. Twisting and
text: bumping. His mouth filling with sand.
scene_heading: ANGLE - O'NEIL, KAWALSKY, AND BROWN.
text: Huffing and puffing as they climb the top of the next dune.
text: Getting Daniel back in sight, they SEE how fast the Mastadge
dialog: is.
scene_heading: WIDE SHOT - DESERT
text: Daniel is PULLED AWAY farther and farther from O'Neil who
text: chases from behind. No match for the speeding beast, the
text: distance between them grows.
scene_heading: DANIEL AND MASTADGE
text: Off into the distance, Daniel gets dragged over a sand dune,
text: out of sight.
scene_heading: O'NEIL, BROWN AND KAWALSKY
text: Come running over a dune, guns raised. Suddenly they slow
text: down as they SEE Daniel, laying in a heap, the Mastadge
text: standing over him. The team keep their weapons trained on
text: the beast as they approach from a distance.
scene_heading: ANGLE - DANIEL AND MASTADGE
text: Daniel spits out a mouthful of sand as the Mastadge leans
text: over and begins to LICK HIS FACE.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Argh! Get your stinking breath away
dialog: from me!
dialog: (yelling back to O'Neil)
dialog: Somebody help me!
text: Finally O'Neil and his men arrive, but to Daniel's surprise
text: they PASS right by him, lowering their guns.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: Holy Jesus.
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
speaker_heading: 130A
dialog: 131
dialog: 49.
text: Daniel looks up, spits out the sand in his mouth. He stands
text: up and joins the others at a nearby ledge.
text: He finally sees what they see...
scene_heading: DANIEL P.O.V. - TEN THOUSAND PEOPLE 129
text: Thousands of dark skinned PEOPLE populating the dune valleys
text: below. Humans, like on Earth, seemingly out of place and
dialog: time.
text: At the base of the huge dunes we see gigantic MINING PITS;
text: dark cavities in the sand. Dozens of ladders protrude out
text: of the dark pits up the sides of the dunes.
text: Covered with thick MUD, their faces barely recognizable as
text: human, dozens of WORKERS climb the ladders carrying heavy
text: loads on their backs.
text: At the top of the sand craters we see women and younger
text: workers, sifting through the piles of dirt carried out of
text: the pit. Mastadges harnessed to huge carts, to carry the
text: worker's cargo.
scene_heading: ANGLE - DANIEL AND THE OTHERS 130
text: The brutal humanity of this work is a terrifying sight.
text: Amazed, they can't believe what they're seeing. O'Neil lifts
text: a pair of binoculars, scanning the area.
scene_heading: O'NEIL'S P.O.V. - THROUGH BINOCULARS - MINING AREA 130A
text: Spread across the sands, we SEE these people carrying out
text: back breaking labor. Suddenly a worker in the foreground
text: turns and looks DIRECTLY AT US.
text: O'Neil lowers his glasses just as he SEES... The workers all
text: start LOOKING UP, spotting them. The news SPREADS and more
text: and more workers put down their tools and turn to the
text: hillside. Several of the groups crowd closer, staring up at
text: the strange visitors.
text: Reacting, Kawalsky slowly lifts his rifle. O'Neil reaches
text: over, grabbing the barrel of the gun, stopping him. He
text: signals for the others to follow him down the dune.
scene_heading: GROUPS OF WORKERS 131
text: Gathering together, moving closer. As they assemble they
text: grow quiet, reverent.
text: The team cautiously makes their way down the sloping hillside
text: in the tense silence. Wind whistling through the hollow
text: pits. The Mastadge follows Daniel closely as they head down
dialog: the hill.
dialog: 132
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: WIDE SHOT - THOUSANDS OF WORKERS 132
text: All staring over at our crew as they arrive just a few yards
text: in front of the assembled crowd. Nervously the crew smiles
text: out at the workers who stare at them with a mixture of awe
dialog: and fear.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: (under his breath to
dialog: Daniel)
dialog: Okay, Daniel. It's your turn.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Try and talk to them.
text: Daniel has no idea what to do. Slowly he walks over, a forced
text: smile for the crowd. He steps up close to a MUDDY WORKER.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (petrified)
dialog: Re... hello?
text: The Worker looks at him with curiosity. Suddenly a FLASH of
text: reflected LIGHT shines off of the Golden Sun Disk around
text: Daniel's neck. As the worker SEES this, his eyes widen.
text: Suddenly he SCREAMS something out, frightening our crew.
text: All at once, the entire assembly in a wave-like chain reaction
text: BOWS DOWN, FLAT ON THE FLOOR.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: I don't know.
text: They take a few steps closer to Daniel.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell did you tell them,
dialog: Jackson?
text: DANIEL turns back to O'Neil, nervous and confused.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Try to communicate.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: How?
dialog: 133
dialog: 51.
text: Frustrated O'Neil steps forward. He singles out one of the
text: workers, a young boy, SKAARA, sixteen. Filled with fear,
text: Skaara averts his eyes.
text: O'Neil extends his hand. Skaara only looks at it with
text: mounting fright. Frustrated, O'Neil GRABS Skaara's hand,
text: shaking it.
text: Skaara SCREAMS OUT in fear and takes off RUNNING. He runs
text: as fast as he can until he disappears from view. O'Neil
text: turns to Daniel, confused.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: So much for communication.
text: O'Neil shoots him a look.
text: Behind them, Brown leans over one of the piles of minerals
text: stacked nearby. He lowers a device over it, taking readings.
text: Kawalsky's attention is diverted to something far away.
text: Noticing Kawalsky looking away, Daniel and O'Neil turn to
dialog: SEE...
scene_heading: DECORATED MASTADGE AND ENTOURAGE 133
text: An elaborately decorated Mastadge with a covered carriage on
text: its back comes marching over through the gathered workers, a
text: small entourage surrounding it as it moves. Among them,
text: Skaara, who looks up to the carriage, speaking quickly.
text: Slowly it makes its way through the crowd over to Daniel and
text: the others. It stops and an elderly man, KASUF, the tribe
text: priest steps from the carriage.
text: As he gets to the front of the crowd he KNEELS before Daniel.
text: Kasuf begins to SPEAK in his language. His head bowed, Kasuf
text: speaks very FAST and with reverence.
text: Finally, when done, Kasuf STANDS again. This time the ENTIRE
text: CROWD stands with him, as though a prayer had ended. Daniel
text: looks at O'Neil.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Don't look at me.
text: Kasuf signals a group of WOMEN who approach carrying large
text: water basins. SARI, twenty, beautiful and painfully shy,
text: steps forward and offers some water to Daniel.
text: Her hair up in an Egyptian looking head covering looks like
text: the spitting image of Daniel's Egyptian bust. Daniel is
text: stunned, smitten. Slowly he accepts a drink. She humbly
text: bows her head and then moves on to Kawalsky. Kasuf steps
text: forward, again, speaking quickly. Asking a question.
dialog: 52.
text: Captivated by Sari, it takes Daniel a second to snap out of
text: it. He doesn't know how to respond. An idea hits him and
text: he digs into his pocket and retrieves another Snickers Bar.
text: Daniel walks over to Kasuf, peeling the bar. He shows it to
dialog: Kasuf.
text: Kasuf looks at it. He doesn't understand. Daniel takes a
text: bite. In a ceremonial gesture, Daniel hands the bar over to
text: Kasuf who reluctantly takes it. Hesitantly, he takes a bite.
text: He likes the taste and smiles.
speaker_heading: KASUF
dialog: Anaasar.
text: Daniel is thrilled. He smiles back at him.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Anaasar.
text: Pleased at communicating with Daniel, Kasuf waves his arms
text: invitingly towards the direction from which he came.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: He's inviting us to go with him.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: What makes you so sure?
text: Daniel exaggeratedly repeats Kasuf's gesture.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Sign language.
text: Everyone turns to the Colonel for a decision. He makes none.
text: He just stares at the departing Kasuf, considering.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Weren't we looking for signs of
dialog: civilization? Obviously we've found
dialog: it. You want me to get us back home?
dialog: This is my best shot.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Colonel, he's right. I took some
dialog: readings on what they're mining.
dialog: It's the same material as the Star
dialog: Gate.
text: Looking at the faces of the mud covered workers, O'Neil
text: finally makes a decision.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Give me the radio.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP - SAME 134
text: The wind has kicked up. Feretti and another soldier struggle
text: to re-tie the main tent to a post.
speaker_heading: FREEMAN
dialog: (yelling over)
dialog: Feretti! I've got O'Neil on the
dialog: radio.
text: Feretti hurries over to Freeman.
speaker_heading: FERETTI
dialog: (into Mic)
dialog: Yes, Sir...
text: Worried, the remaining members of the team huddle close.
speaker_heading: FERETTI (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you repeat that Sir?
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: Okay, Sir. Yes, Sir.
text: He hangs up, a strange look on his face. He turns to the
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: FREEMAN
dialog: Are they coming back?
text: Feretti is reluctant to answer. Finally...
speaker_heading: FERETTI
dialog: This is not good. I'm telling you
dialog: guys, this is not good.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - WIDE SHOT - LATE AFTERNOON 135
text: Over the boundless sea of sand dunes we PAN DOWN an endless
text: caravan of workers making their way across the desert. Kasuf
text: leads the procession, our crew in tow.
scene_heading: ANGLE - DANIEL AND MASTADGE 136
text: Daniel BLOWS his nose into a Kleenex, drawing strange looks
text: from the workers. Daniel's attention, however, is on the
text: beautiful Sari who walks across from him.
text: Suddenly the Mastadge BUMPS Daniel playfully from behind.
text: Daniel ignore it as he continues to gaze at Sari. The
text: Mastadge does it again. Skaara, who holds the reins of the
text: Mastadge, giggles at Daniel's plight.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (to Mastadge)
dialog: Cut it out.
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 54.
text: Scolded, the Mastadge NUZZLES the back of Daniel's neck trying
text: to make up. Daniel takes out the remainder of his last
text: Snickers Bar and feeds it to the Mastadge who happily chews
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Here. Now stop bugging me.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: (turning back)
dialog: I told you not to feed it. Now you'll
dialog: never get rid of that stupid thing.
text: Again, the Mastadge playfully BUMPS Daniel from behind.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: (to Brown)
dialog: At least somebody likes him.
text: Suddenly the convoy STOPS. Ahead, Kasuf stops and turns
text: back towards Daniel, pointing off into the distance. As
text: Daniel walks closer he can see...
scene_heading: DANIEL'S TRAVELLING P.O.V. - NAGADA - SUNSET
text: The ancient village of the people of this planet set snugly
text: at the base of a rocky hillside. A huge settlement. People
text: milling around the gates surrounding it.
scene_heading: EXT. NAGADA VALLEY - MINUTES LATER - SUNSET
text: The long caravan makes its way down into this valley. The
text: town's people rush over to get a look at the strange guests
dialog: of Kasuf.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - KASUF
text: At the front of the convoy, Daniel and the team walk along
text: with Kasuf. The Mastadge still following behind.
text: Suddenly Skaara, pulls the Mastadge away joining several
text: other young SHEPHERD BOYS who corral the Mastadges. The
text: Mastadge WHINES a cry of protest as he gets pulled away from
dialog: Daniel.
scene_heading: INT. NAGADA VILLAGE - CONTINUOUS
text: Passing through the enormous gates to the village, Daniel
text: and the team are amazed at what they see. Hundreds of people
text: cram into these narrow streets to get a look at the visitors.
text: As they reach the end of the street, they reach an elevated
text: PLATFORM. Kasuf gives a signal and a curtain falls,
dialog: revealing...
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: GOLDEN SUN DISK 141
text: This Gold SUN DISK, two meters in diameter, hangs above the
text: platform. Daniel is totally astonished.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: The sign of Ra, the Egyptian Sun
dialog: God.
dialog: (to O'Neil)
dialog: They worship him. They must think
dialog: he sent us here.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: What gave them that idea?
text: Slowly Daniel lifts the Sun Disk hanging from his neck. As
text: he does, all the workers surrounding them bow down. Even
text: Kasuf kneels. O'Neil and his men exchange a worried look.
text: Daniel stares up at the SUN DISK. We DISSOLVE to the image
text: of the planet's three SETTING SUNS, disappearing behind the
dialog: dunes.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: BURST OF FLAME 142
text: ignites in a FIREBALL. The SOUNDS of CHEERS followed by
text: percussion instruments, primitive music.
scene_heading: WIDEN TO REVEAL:
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - STREET - NIGHT 143
text: A group of women carrying trays of food pass. As we TRACK
dialog: with them we SEE the entire town has come out for a
text: CELEBRATION. We FOLLOW the women through the crowds over to
text: the platform where Daniel and the team sit with the town
dialog: Elders.
text: As the food arrives we SEE Sari, among the women, serving
text: the people on the platform.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I don't think we should be eating
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: They might consider that an insult.
text: Just then a TRAY is lowered before Daniel.
scene_heading: A DESERT REPTILE 144
text: A cooked beastie even Ethiopians wouldn't eat. Daniel looks
dialog: like he's going to be sick.
dialog: 145
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: You don't want to offend them, now
dialog: do you, Jackson?
text: Daniel looks at O'Neil, worried. In fact, no one on the
text: team wants to eat. They all exchange nervous glances. Kasuf
text: and the Elders turn, waiting for them to start.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Go on, eat.
text: Reluctantly Daniel leans over and takes a fleshy piece of
text: slimy meat. He takes a deep breath, shuts his eyes, and
text: eats it. Everyone stares at him. Finally after a long pause...
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (chewing)
text: Tastes like chicken.
speaker_heading: SARI 145
text: kneels down next to Daniel, offering him some bread. For
text: the first time he sees her with her hair down, looking all
text: the more lovely. He just stares at her for a long awkward
text: beat. Sari won't look directly at him. Daniel is completely
text: enamored.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Jackson.
text: Daniel just smiles stupidly at Sari. The Elders and Kasuf
text: turn, noticing the interaction. They discuss it with
dialog: interest.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Jackson.
text: Nervous and embarrassed, Sari hands him the bowl and retreats.
text: The spell broken, Daniel turns back to O'Neil.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (absently)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Do you think you can keep your mind
dialog: on what we're here for?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Oh, I can't make it out. Their
dialog: language sounds familiar, a bit like
dialog: Berber, or maybe Chadic, or Omotic?
dialog: I can't tell.
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: (re: above disk)
dialog: You said that was an Egyptian symbol.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Stands to reason, if they know one
dialog: Egyptian symbol...
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: ...they'1ll know more. Let me try.
text: Daniel stands, walks before the town Elders. With everyone's
text: attention locked on Daniel, he kneels down in front of the
text: Elders and begins to draw in the sand.
text: The Elders lean forward to get a look. Daniel shows them a
text: quickly drawn hieroglyphic symbol. Instantly the Elders
text: REACT, turning to each other, speaking quickly, obviously
dialog: upset.
text: Worried he's done the wrong thing. Daniel tries writing
text: something else. The moment the drawing can be seen, the
text: Elders instantly RETREAT, backing down off the platform,
dialog: averting your eyes.
text: The crowd begins to MURMUR. The Elders clearly distraught.
text: As Daniel tries to write something completely different,
text: Kasuf rushes over and WIPES OUT the drawings in the sand.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: What's happening here, Jackson?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I don't know. Look how they're
dialog: reacting. It's like...
dialog: (turning back)
dialog: ...writing is forbidden to them.
text: Realizing their hope of finding the clue to the gate is gone,
text: the team grows silent in despair. Suddenly through the
text: restless sounds of the crowd we HEAR the echoing SOUND of a
text: HORN. Daniel looks up to SEE...
speaker_heading: A LOOKOUT 146
text: Up top of the village a young LOOKOUT, lifts a small HORN,
text: and again sounds an ALARM that reverberates through the
dialog: streets.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - STREET 147
text: Reacting to the SOUND, the people quickly begin to gather
text: belongings and disperse. Tables and cushions are DRAGGED
text: AWAY. A cloth is DROPPED over the SUN DISK, covering it.
dialog: 148
dialog: 58.
text: Doors are LOCKED, windows SHUT.
text: Kawalsky and Brown rush to O'Neil and Daniel, nervous.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: What are they doing?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Colonel, I don't like the looks of
dialog: this... Before Brown can finish his
dialog: thought, we SEE the two huge entrance
text: doors at the end of the street begin
text: TO CLOSE.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: We're getting out of here.
text: Quickly O'Neil leads the team through the crowds, down the
dialog: streets.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Why? Wait...!
text: Ignored, the team continues without him. Daniel rushes to
text: catch up. As the team moves down the street people REACH
text: OUT, trying to STOP THEM. Knocked aside, the soldiers push
dialog: onward.
scene_heading: ANGLE - FRONT ENTRANCE DOORS 148
text: Just as they SHUT. Two YOUNG MEN rush over and LOCK it down
text: with a crossbar. O'Neil moves quickly to the door, Kawalsky
text: and Brown behind.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Open that door!
text: O'Neil REACHES for the crossbar. One of the Young Men GRABS
text: his wrist. In lightning speed, O'Neil TWISTS the Young Man's
text: arm behind his back and SLAMS him into the door.
text: Quickly O'Neil DRAWS his pistol, shoving it into the side of
text: the Young Man's head. He SCREAMS OUT, but of course we can't
dialog: understand him.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: No, don't!
text: Kasuf and the Elders push through the crowd. Sari watches
text: from the side, apprehensive. Skaara and the shepherd boys,
text: across from her, are glued to the action, peering through
dialog: the mob.
text: As the crowd moves closer, O'Neil aims his pistol high and
text: FIRES. Kawalsky and Brown lift their weapons, ready for a
text: Fight. The crowd quickly retreats. Skaara is AMAZED.
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 59.
text: The crowd remains silent, frightened they've upset the Gods.
text: O'Neil holds the Young Man tight. A standoff.
text: Suddenly Brown's radio SQUELCHES ON. Brown lifts it to his
text: ear, listening.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Sir, I can't make this out.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP - SAND STORM - NIGHT 149
text: A huge SAND STORM blasts around the men who try to pack what
text: they can as they retreat from base camp. Feretti holds the
text: radio, yelling into it on the move. The tents tear apart
text: behind them.
speaker_heading: FERETTI
dialog: ...we have to abandon base camp. I
text: repeat... Feretti ushers his men
text: onward as he fights his way through.
scene_heading: EXT. NAGADA - ENTRANCE DOOR - SAME 150
text: O'Neil presses the radio close to his ear. Only every third
text: word is heard through the intense static.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: (yelling into com)
dialog: Feretti, I can't hear you. Say again?
scene_heading: INT. PYRAMID ENTRANCE - SAME 151
text: Through a wall of white sand, shapes appear, rushing towards
text: us. As we DOLLY BACK, we SEE that the team has reached the
text: safety of the pyramid entrance. They collapse from
dialog: exhaustion.
speaker_heading: FERETTI
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Do you copy? Do you copy?
text: But only loud STATIC can be heard. Feretti turns to the
text: nervous faces of the other soldiers.
scene_heading: EXT. NAGADA - ENTRANCE DOOR - SAME 152
text: Frustrated, O'Neil gives up, shuts the radio off.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Damn it.
text: The crowd still stares intently. Kawalsky and Brown hold
text: their guns at the ready. Suddenly O'Neil feels a TUG at his
text: shirt; Skaara, the young shepherd boy.
text: O'Neil SPINS towards him. Skaara backs off quickly. Moving
text: over to a ladder, he motions for O'Neil to follow him.
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 60.
text: O'Neil looks over to Daniel who can only shrug.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Kawalsky)
dialog: Stay here.
text: O'Neil follows Skaara.
scene_heading: ANGLE - TOP OF THE NAGADA GATE - CONTINUOUS 153
text: Skaara reaches the top and moves to the side. O'Neil follows.
text: His face registers an important sight.
scene_heading: O'NEIL'S P.O.V. - SAND STORM 154
text: Moving quickly we SEE a WALL OF SAND moving towards the town.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Sir, what is it?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
text: Sand storm. Coming this way.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Well, that would have been an
dialog: excellent reason to shoot everyone.
text: Daniel moves over to the two soldiers, forcing them to lower
text: their guns. Daniel turns back to Kasuf, attempting to signal
text: the tension is over. Kasuf nods and calls out to the back
dialog: of the crowd.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: (yelling down)
dialog: We'll stay 'til the storm is over.
text: Brown and Kawalsky exchange a look. A commotion behind them,
text: they turn to SEE a group of ELDERLY WOMEN push their way
text: through the crowd over to Daniel, surrounding him placing a
text: shawl over his shoulders. They giggle as they slowly pulla
text: surprised Daniel down the street.
text: The crowd laughs as they depart, moving to shelter. The
text: only one not laughing is Sari who watches Daniel pass. Daniel
text: yells back to O'Neil.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Should I go with them? I could
dialog: stay... I'll go. It'll be fine.
text: The women begin to toss strange POWDER over Daniel's head as
text: they enter a building down the street. Kawalsky leans close
dialog: to Brown.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: I hope they cook him.
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID SAND STORM NIGHT 155
text: The sand storm has hit full force. We can barely make out
text: the entrance to the pyramid through the murky sky.
scene_heading: INT. PYRAMID ENTRANCE - SAME - NIGHT 156
text: Feretti shields his eyes as he stands in the doorway looking
text: out at the storm. The image of the moon scarcely pierces
text: through the whirling sand. Feretti turns and walks back
text: into the main entrance hall.
scene_heading: MOON ABOVE PYRAMID - SAME - NIGHT 157
text: Just as we saw in the opening, a SHADOW is cast across the
text: moon, blotting it out. Something moves in the sky above the
dialog: storm.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL - SAME - NIGHT 158
text: Feretti walks over to the group of soldiers who surround the
dialog: radio.
speaker_heading: FERETTI
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: This is base. Do you read?
speaker_heading: FREEMAN
dialog: You're wasting the batteries.
text: Feretti shuts off the radio and places his helmet over it.
speaker_heading: FREEMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: We're not going to get anything during
dialog: this storm. We'll try again after
text: it passes.
speaker_heading: FERETTI
dialog: If it passes. I was stationed in
dialog: the Middle East and I've never seen
dialog: anything like it. I'm telling you
dialog: guys, this is not good.
text: There is a silent moment. Suddenly they all hear the SOUND
text: of RATTLING METAL. They turn and SEE Feretti's helmet SHAKING
text: against the radio. Slowly Freeman removes the helmet, the
text: radio jostling underneath. Suddenly the FLARE BOXES begin
text: to SHAKE. Soon, all their equipment begins to RATTLE.
text: Suddenly the ENTIRE ROOM begins to rumble. An eerie,
text: unnatural HUM begins to grow in volume. The men exchange
text: worried glances.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID - SAME - NIGHT 159
text: Above the intense storm a SHAPE begins to take FORM, looming
text: above us. The ROAR intensifying.
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
speaker_heading: 165A
dialog: 166
dialog: 62.
text: The SHAPE begins to pierce through the turbulence. We can
text: SEE it's some kind of alien OBJECT. BRIGHT LIGHTS darting
text: off its sides as it grows near.
text: As the cloudy sand is BLOWN away, we can clearly see it's a
text: pyramid shaped SPACE CRAFT. Landing ARMS extending as it
text: LOWERS itself down over the TOP OF THE PYRAMID.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL - SAME 160
text: The room is now SHAKING violently. Frightened, the men grab
text: their weapons. They have no idea what's happening. Quickly
text: they group together.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID - SAME 161
text: The ARMS of the craft LOCK into place as the craft FITS itself
text: onto the peak of the pyramid.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL - SAME 162
text: From the IMPACT, the Soldiers are KNOCKED off their feet.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID - SAME 163
text: Once in place, the craft begins to OPEN, UNFOLDING and
text: exposing the technical details of the craft.
scene_heading: INT. STARGATE ROOM - MEDALLION ROOM - SAME - NIGHT 164
text: With the Star Gate seen in the background, we can SEE a thin
text: LASER tracing the outline of the MEDALLION on the floor.
text: Something is happening, igniting.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL - SAME 165
text: Their guns pointed in every direction, the men are huddled
text: together, ready for a fight.
speaker_heading: FREEMAN
dialog: (yelling over roar)
dialog: What the hell is happening?
scene_heading: INT. SARCOPHAGUS ROOM - SAME 165A
text: In the center of the room we SEE a large SARCOPHAGUS, its
text: side slowly LOWERING, revealing the figure of a MAN who lays
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: TRAVELING P.O.V. - SHAKING - SAME 166
text: Moving swiftly down the dark corridors of the interior of
text: the pyramid, we MOVE towards the unsuspecting Soldiers ahead
dialog: of us.
text: As we NEAR, one of the Soldiers SPOTS US, lifting his weapon.
text: Quickly the others SPIN, taking aim at us.
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: 63.
text: But we keep coming at them. At the same time they FIRE, but
text: NOTHING CAN STOP US. We move directly into Freeman's
text: SCREAMING FACE. Suddenly we FLASH CUT onto...
scene_heading: ANUBIS - EXTREME CLOSE UP 167
text: A Jackal headed creature, in our face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NAGADA - NIGHT 168
text: The sand storm continues to surround the village.
scene_heading: INT. DANIEL'S SLEEPING CHAMBER - SAME - NIGHT 169
text: Seated on a stool in the middle of the room, Daniel is beset
text: by the Elderly town's women who fuss over him with wash cloths
text: and combs. Completely uncomfortable, Daniel tries to be
text: polite and endure as much as he can.
text: But when the women begin to wash his ears and nose, Daniel
text: shakes them off.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Okay, okay. Thank you. That's
dialog: enough. Alright.
text: The Elderly women retreat, bowing and giggling as they exit
text: his room. Finally gone, Daniel breathes a sigh of relief.
text: Suddenly he HEARS some WHISPERING. He turns back towards
text: the doorway.
scene_heading: ANGLE DOORWAY - CURTAINS 170
text: The curtains rustle, then part. Sari steps through dressed
text: in a CEREMONIAL ROBE. She walks into the chamber towards
dialog: Daniel.
text: Nervous, Daniel gets to his feet, his heart in his throat.
text: As she makes her way closer to Daniel, she unties her robe
text: letting it FALL to the floor, revealing her beautiful NAKED
text: BODY. She stares at the floor, sadly.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: What..? Uh... no.
text: Daniel rushes over, picking up her robe.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't... that's not necessary.
text: He wraps the robe back around her, covering her. She doesn't
text: understand. She looks at him, scared she's displeased him.
dialog: 171
dialog: 172
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: It's not that I... I mean... you're
dialog: beautiful but... uh...
text: Realizing she can't understand, Daniel gently turns her back
text: towards the entrance, tenderly escorting her. At the curtain
text: he turns to her.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry. You should go.
text: Her eyes fill with tears. Daniel opens the curtains for her
text: to leave, revealing...
scene_heading: THE TOWN'S ELDERS 171
text: All gathered just outside his chamber, crowding the bridge
text: between the buildings. Daniel stares out at the unexpected
text: ensemble. Kasuf looks over at Sari, sees her tears and speaks
text: angrily to her. Sari is frightened and in trouble. Daniel,
text: realizing this, suddenly SMILES and WAVES to the crowd.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Just wanted to say...
dialog: (for lack of better)
dialog: ...thanks. Thank you very much.
text: Daniel waves and bows as he escorts Sari BACK into his
text: chamber. Quickly he SHUTS the curtains behind him. Now
text: Sari is totally confused. Again she starts to disrobe.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: No, no, that's okay.
text: Again, Daniel gently stops her, motioning for her to sit
text: down on the sleeping mat. She does. He crosses the room
text: and sits down a safe distance away.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Looks like you've got a roommate for
dialog: the night.
text: There is a long embarrassing pause as the two sit in awkward
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. O'NEIL'S SLEEPING CHAMBER - SAME 172
text: Brown and Kawalsky sit next to the radio. Brown readjusts
text: the dials. Kawalsky stares at O'Neil who stands at the window
text: on the other side of the room.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: (whispered to Brown)
dialog: O'Neil seem strange to you?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY (CONT'D)
dialog: The way he's taking all this. Like,
dialog: no big deal.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Maybe he knows something we don't.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - O'NEIL 173
text: O'Neil' stands by the window, watching the storm. Unseen,
text: Skaara enters through the doorway. Spotting O'Neill's
text: holstered pistol laying on the mattress, Skaara slowly creeps
text: towards the gun. Just as he reaches for it...
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: No! Dangerous.
text: Somehow Skaara understands. Quickly he backs off. O'Neil
text: pulls out a pack of cigarettes, lights one. As the lighter
text: ignites, Skaara jumps to his feet, frightened.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: It's okay. It's just a lighter.
text: O'Neil tosses the lighter to Skaara. He lights it over and
text: over again. Skaara takes one of O'Neil's cigarettes out of
text: the pack on the bed, lights it, mimicking O'Neil.
text: O'Neil casts a sidelong glance at the boy. He sits down and
text: leans his head back against the wall. Skaara does the same
text: thing. Beat. O'Neil flicks the ash of his cigarette. Skaara
text: copies his every move.
text: Skaara and O'Neil sit there for a moment. Skaara's starting
text: to feel pretty confident by this point. O'Neil sees this.
text: He takes a deep drag off his cigarette and audibly INHALES,
text: deeply, exhaling a cloud of smoke.
text: Feeling cocky, Skaara imitates O'Neil. The minute the smoke
text: reaches his lungs, his eyes go wide, then fill with tears.
text: He starts COUGHING his guts up.
text: O'Neil suppresses a smile.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DANIEL'S SLEEPING CHAMBER - SAME - NIGHT 174
text: Neither has moved. There's another awkward pause. Finally
text: Daniel smiles.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I'm Daniel... Daniel.
text: Sari points to herself, repeats Daniel.
dialog: 175
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: SARI
dialog: Dan-el.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: No, er, me. Daniel.
text: Sari gets it, points to Daniel.
speaker_heading: SARI
dialog: Dan-el.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Yes. Daniel.
text: There's a long pause. Slowly Sari points to herself.
speaker_heading: SARI
dialog: Sari.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Sari, yes.
text: There is another awkward pause.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: We came from the pyramid.
text: She doesn't understand. Daniel kneels down and DRAWS a
text: pyramid in the sand covered floor. Again, Sari only stares
text: at it. Daniel grows frustrated and walks to the window.
text: Sari keeps staring at the drawing. She reaches over and
text: draws something over it.
text: Slowly Daniel turns back, curious to see Sari augmenting the
dialog: drawing.
text: He moves close to see she's drawn a circle and a line above
text: the pyramid; the same symbol Daniel discovered on the tablets.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: That's the sign for Earth! You know
dialog: this symbol?
text: She looks back up at him.
scene_heading: INT. MASTADGE CORRAL - SAME 175
text: With the Mastadges in the background, all the shepherd BOYS
text: are surrounding Skaara who holds O'Neil's lighter for everyone
text: to see, the wind from the storm continuing to HOWL outside.
text: Suddenly Skaara LIGHTS the lighter. The boys JUMP BACK in
dialog: fear.
text: Skaara laughs as the boys re-approach to examine the lighter.
text: Suddenly there is a BANGING SOUND. Skaara turns and sees
text: Daniel's Mastadge, banging his head against the corral door.
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: ANGLE - MASTADGE 176
text: As Skaara walks over and calms the Mastadge down he SEES
dialog: what the Mastadge was reacting to...
scene_heading: SKAARA'S P.O.V. - DANIEL AND SARI 177
text: Moving down the street, disappearing between the buildings.
scene_heading: EXT. NAGADA - SIDE STREET - SAME 178
text: A torch in her hand, Sari leads Daniel over to the end of a
text: small street at the side of the village.
text: Behind a stairwell, she shows Daniel a large boulder leaning
text: against the wall. She tries to PUSH IT. Daniel helps her
text: and together they move it away from the wall revealing a
text: small TUNNEL.
text: Sari checks to see if they've been observed. The coast clear,
text: Sari ducks inside. Daniel follows.
scene_heading: INT. SUBSTRUCTURE - CONTINUOUS - NIGHT 179
text: They crawl beneath the structure through the dirt reaching a
text: hidden set of STAIRS leading downward. Sari points down the
text: stairs. Daniel takes the torch and walks down, Sari
dialog: following.
text: Eroded and musty walls surround the stairs. Daniel makes it
text: to the bottom of the stairs that lead directly to a dirt
text: covered WALL. The SYMBOL for Earth engraved in its center.
text: Astonished, Daniel runs his fingers around the surrounding
text: wall. His finger PUSHES THROUGH some dirt, until he's able
text: to dig out the archway surrounding the symbol; he uncovers a
speaker_heading: DOOR.
text: Realizing it's a door, Daniel is able to dig into the door,
text: giving him something to grip. He PULLS with all his might.
text: Slowly the door OPENS.
text: Sari's eyes go wide. Daniel is nervous but excited.
text: Cautiously they make their way through the doorway.
scene_heading: INT. CATACOMBS - SAME 180
text: Behind the door we find the long narrow ancient catacombs,
text: obviously built centuries ago. Daniel holds his torch up to
dialog: the walls revealing...
scene_heading: HIEROGLYPHICS AND DRAWINGS 181
text: Covering every bit of wall space, all the way down this narrow
text: passage way. Daniel turns to Sari, stunned. Sari, too, has
text: never seen any of this. She's frightened. Daniel continues
text: down the wall, trying to make sense out of this picture story.
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: 182 DANIEL'S P.O.V. - PICTURE STORY 182
text: AS we move down the wall we see... the now familiar symbol
text: for Earth... then ANIMAL HEADED warriors (Anubis, Horus,
text: Thoth)... taking children... families ripped apart.
text: Daniel and Sari lean close. The images disturbing, harsh.
text: They move the torch down the wall.
text: The next drawings depict... slaves herded together... the
text: warriors brutalizing them... shepherding them across the
text: desert over to... THE STAR GATE.
text: Alongside these pictures, Daniel SEES the first of some
text: hieroglyphic symbols.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: The symbol for slavery... seama!
speaker_heading: SARI
dialog: (correcting)
dialog: Seema?
text: Surprised, he turns to Sari.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (pointing to symbol)
dialog: Semer?
speaker_heading: SARI
dialog: Seema.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Seema!
text: Quickly Daniel rushes over to another symbol, pointing.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Nefer?
text: Sari wrinkles her brow, she doesn't understand. She walks
text: over, close, staring uncomprehendingly at the symbol. Daniel
dialog: tries another pronunciation.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Nefeer?
speaker_heading: SARI
dialog: (correcting)
dialog: Nefaar?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Nefaar! Yes! Teach me to speak.
dialog: Teach... um... Takera.
speaker_heading: SARI
dialog: Takeer?
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 69.
text: Daniel smiles. Frightened, she returns it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NAGADA - PRE-DAWN
text: The last dust of the sand storm is settling. The night is
text: soon over.
scene_heading: INT. O'NEIL'S SLEEPING CHAMBER - PER-DAWN
text: O'Neil stands over Brown who works the radio.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: More interference?
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: No. They're simply not there.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY (0.S.)
dialog: Colonel!
text: O'Neil walks out of the room, onto the bridge.
scene_heading: O'NEIL'S P.O.V. - KAWALSKY IN STREET
text: Kawalsky comes rushing down the street.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Jackson's not in his room. I can't
dialog: find him anywhere.
text: Kawalsky holds up Daniel's jacket.
speaker_heading: MASTADGE CORRAL
text: Skaara and the other shepherd boys work the corral. Skaara
text: turns, looking down the street he SEES O'Neil meeting up
dialog: with Kawalsky.
scene_heading: ANGLE - KAWALSKY AND O'NEIL
text: O'Neil takes Daniel's jacket from him.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: We've lost radio contact. Get Brown.
dialog: Find Daniel. I want to leave as
dialog: soon as possible.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Yes, Sir.
text: Kawalsky salutes as he takes off. Skaara watching from the
text: corral, practices a salute.
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 188
dialog: 189
dialog: 70.
text: Just then O'Neil turns, spots him and marches over.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: I'm looking for Jackson... Of course
dialog: they can't understand a word.
text: O'Neil holds up Daniel's jacket.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Jackson, see. Jackson.
text: They don't get it at all. Instead they suddenly all begin
text: to SALUTE. O'Neil is not good at this and he knows it.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Jackson. Uh, like this. Jackson.
text: O'Neil forms circles with his hands and holds them over his
text: eyes imitating GLASSES. The boys copy his movement, holding
text: their cupped hands over their eyes. They all giggle.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: No. I mean...
text: Adding the final touch, O'Neil SNEEZES. Suddenly Skaara
text: REALIZES. He runs over to O'Neil and SNATCHES the jacket
text: away from him. He rushes off with it across the corral.
text: Skaara holds it up to the nose of Daniel's Mastadge. Suddenly
text: the Mastadge REARS UP, ROARING. Quickly Skaara opens the
text: corral gate and the Mastadge RACES out. Coming around the
text: corner, Kawalsky and Brown have to LEAP out of the way as
text: the Mastadge charges past.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Smart kid.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN 188
text: Until the flickering light of a torch is moved into frame.
text: Now we see printed on a wall the drawings of... a YOUNG BOY,
text: bathed in light from a pyramid above him... the boy adorned
text: in PHARAOHS CLOTHING, the animal headed warriors bowing to
dialog: him...
scene_heading: WIDEN TO REVEAL:
scene_heading: INT. CATACOMBS - PER-DAWN 189
text: Daniel moves the torch slowly over the wall. To our surprise
text: he says something to Sari in her own language. She responds
dialog: in kind.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (0.S.)
dialog: I thought you couldn't speak their
dialog: language.
text: Daniel SPINS, his torch illuminating O'NEIL who stands before
text: him, Skaara at his side. Startled, Daniel has to catch his
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: It's ancient Egyptian. I just didn't
dialog: know how to pronounce it. No one
dialog: has heard it spoken in over two
dialog: thousand years.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Jackson, what is all this?
text: Behind him we SEE Kawalsky and Brown roaming through,
text: fascinated by what they see.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: A history of the people who first
dialog: came to this world.
text: Daniel turns back to the tableau on the wall, pointing to
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, here, this is Ra, the God these
dialog: people worship. He was a young boy,
dialog: taken by people from distant stars
dialog: who turned him into a God.
text: He points to the drawings of the boy becoming a Pharaoh.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Once a God, Ra betrayed his own
dialog: people, enslaving them to serve his
dialog: masters.
text: Daniel points to a series of drawings of Ra, ruling his
dialog: people.
text: O'Neil suddenly becomes very interested. Slowly we PUSH IN
text: close as we study O'Neil's intense curiosity.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: They taught him how to build the
dialog: great pyramid of Giza. They gave
dialog: him eternal life. They made him
dialog: ruler of all mankind. And in return
dialog: he gave them...people.
text: Daniel stops reading, turning back to O'Neil.
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Workers for the mines. He sold out
dialog: man in order to be a God.
text: O'Neil looks concerned, lost in thought. There is a pregnant
text: pause as he takes this all in.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY (0.S.)
dialog: Jackson, I think you better take a
dialog: look at this.
text: At the end of the corridor, Kawalsky steps out, holding a
text: flash light.
scene_heading: ANGLE - OTHER CORRIDOR 190
text: Daniel, O'Neil and Sari join Kawalsky and Brown who stare in
text: awe at something before them...
speaker_heading: ALTAR 191
dialog: Enshrined in sacred writings, this whole section is dedicated
text: to a single cartouche at the wall's center, half buried in
text: the sand. We recognise the cartouche as the same one we saw
text: on the tablets.
text: Daniel rushes over to it, examining, digging out the covered
text: portion of the cartouche. The others crowd in behind him,
text: anxious, tense.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: They must have kept it here in hopes
dialog: that one day the gate to Earth could
dialog: be reopened.
text: These definitely match the signs on the Star Gate. But as
text: Daniel's hand moves down the six main SYMBOLS, we discover
text: the last piece of the cartouche has BROKEN OFF.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: Where's the seventh sign?
text: Frantically Daniel digs in the dirt looking for something.
text: Realizing what he is doing, the team drops to the ground,
text: digging. Sari, not understanding, holds the torch.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: I think I got it!
text: He pulls a piece of fractured wall out of the dirt. It FITS
text: in perfectly with the cartouche, but the piece is WORN CLEAR.
text: The SYMBOL IS GONE.
text: Daniel and the soldiers are STUNNED. Their hopes of returning
text: home, dashed. Probably forever. O'Neil gets a determined
text: look in his eye. He turns, making his way out.
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
dialog: 196
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: We're heading back.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: But it won't work without the last
dialog: symbol.
text: O'Neil doesn't even look back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NAGADA - DAWN 192
text: Sand pours through as the front gates to Nagada open. O'Neil
text: leads our team as they march out through the gates. At the
text: back of the pack, Daniel trails behind, looking back over
text: his shoulder.
text: We CRANE UP to the bridge above the gate just as Sari comes
text: rushing over. She stops at the top of the gate, staring at
text: the men as they depart.
scene_heading: ANGLE - TEAM - SAND DUNES - SAME 193
text: With new resolve, O'Neil marches ahead. There's something
text: different about him now. An adamant look in his eye.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Hurry up, Jackson.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Forget him. He's useless to us now.
text: Surprised Kawalsky looks over at Brown who can only shrug.
text: Behind them Daniel looks back at Sari.
scene_heading: DANIEL'S P.O.V. - SARI 194
text: AS we PULL BACK away from her. Sadly, she watches him depart.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DUNES - MORNING 195
text: Silhouetted against the rising sun we see the lonely image
text: of the team walking across the dunes. Indefatigable, O'Neil
text: presses on. Kawalsky wipes his brow as Brown takes a swig
text: from his canteen.
text: Daniel catches up with them and reaches out for a drink but
text: Brown pulls it away. Kawalsky turns, spotting something.
scene_heading: KAWALSKY'S P.0.V. - SKAARA AND BOYS 196
text: Skaara and the shepherd boys come rushing up over the dune.
text: Playfully wanting to join up with them.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Sir, I think you made some friends.
dialog: 197
dialog: 198
dialog: 199
dialog: 200
dialog: 74.
text: O'Neil turns and sees them.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Jackson, get rid of them.
text: O'Neil presses onward as Daniel tells them to leave, but
text: they follow regardless. O'Neil looks back.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: I said, get rid of em!
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I tried.
text: O'Neil STOPS, draws his pistol and FIRES towards the Boys,
text: his bullets RIPPING into the sand in front of them.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus Christ!
text: The Boys jump back, tumbling down the sand. Quickly they
text: retreat behind a dune.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: You didn't have to do that!
text: O'Neil simply turns and marches on. Even Kawalsky and Brown
text: are shocked. As the team disappears over the next dune...
speaker_heading: SKAARA 197
text: pokes his head back up from behind the last dune. Hurt and
text: betrayed, Skaara sadly watches the team walk away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DUNES - LATER - DAY 198
text: Several yards ahead of the team, O'Neil continues, undaunted.
text: Together they climb a STEEP DUNE. As they near the top they
text: SEE O'Neil suddenly DROP to his knees.
text: Reacting, the soldiers rush up the hill. Daniel, not
text: understanding, hurries to catch them. Turning back, Kawalsky
text: waves for him to drop. Daniel does, crawling to meet them.
scene_heading: DANIEL'S P.0O.V. - PYRAMID 199
text: As Daniel clears the top of the dune we REVEAL the Pyramid
text: with the SPACE CRAFT perched on top.
scene_heading: PYRAMID SPACE CRAFT 200
text: For the first time we can clearly see the breadth of this
text: amazing vessel, ornate and technical at the same time.
text: Unfolded, the craft nearly covers the entire pyramid it sits
text: on. The team stares in awe.
dialog: 201
dialog: 202
dialog: 203
dialog: 75.
text: There's a long pause. O'Neil lifts a small pair of binoculars
text: and SEES the half buried base camp, destroyed and abandoned.
text: Suddenly O'Neil SNAPS a clip into his rifle.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Lieutenant, I've got to get to the
dialog: StarGate at all costs. Cover me.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: But Sir...
text: Suddenly O'Neil TAKES OFF, scurrying down the dunes, making
text: his way to the pyramid entrance.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit! Jackson, stay close.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: What is happening here?
text: Kawalsky throws his rifle to Daniel, drawing his pistol.
text: Daniel is totally confused.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Ready?
text: Nervously, Brown nods. Kawalsky TAKES OFF after O'Neil.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE RAMP - SAME 201
text: O'Neil has taken a position behind the obelisks. He sees
text: the team making their way down. He waves them on towards
dialog: the entrance.
scene_heading: ANGLE - SKAARA AND SHEPHERD BOYS 202
text: Climbing up behind another dune, they spy down the hill at
text: O'Neil as he moves towards the entrance.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE PLATFORM - CONTINUOUS 203
text: O'Neil takes cover next to the entrance door meeting up with
text: the rest of the squad.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Two teams. Lieutenant, you and Brown
dialog: take the rear.
text: O'Neil darts inside. Daniel doesn't know what to do.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Go!
text: Daniel follows O'Neil.
dialog: 204
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
dialog: 209
dialog: 210
dialog: 211
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: INT. PYRAMID ENTRANCE - CONTINUOUS 204
text: Column by column, O'Neil makes his way down the large entrance
text: hall. Clumsily Daniel hauls the rifle behind. As they enter
text: they SEE Feretti's radio, the helmet, assorted equipment.
text: Daniel swallows hard.
text: Behind them, Kawalsky and Brown creep down the opposite row
text: of columns, weapons ready. Just as they pass we see a SHADOW
text: move across the wall behind them.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID ENTRANCE - SHEPHERD BOYS - SAME 205
text: The Shepherd boys sneak up the side of the structure. Skaara
text: creeps up a dune over to a small window.
scene_heading: DANIEL AND O'NEIL 206
text: Pressed against a column. O'Neil moves forward, choosing
text: his path. Daniel looks back, something MOVES. He leans the
text: opposite direction just in time to SEE...
speaker_heading: SHADOW 207
text: A huge shadow, human form but with a HAWK-LIKE HEAD. Daniel
text: reacts, turns to O'Neil but O'Neil is GONE. Scared, Daniel
text: grips the rifle tight.
speaker_heading: BROWN 208
text: Brown steps out from behind a column when WHACK, something
text: hits him across the head, SPINNING HIM. As he recovers BLAST,
text: a strange POWER BURST to his shoulder, SLAMMING HIM against
dialog: the post.
speaker_heading: WINDOW - SKAARA 209
text: Peering in through a window we SEE Skaara straining to see
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: SKAARA'S P.0.V. - BROWN 210
text: Writhing in pain, Brown screams as Horus SLAMS the rear of
text: his weapon into him. Skaara's eyes go wide with fear as he
text: retreats to tell the others.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL 211
text: Spins, sees something and LEAPS out of the way as a POWER
text: BURST EXPLODES into the column behind him.
text: Kawalsky JUMPS out FIRING. Out of nowhere his weapon is
text: SMASHED, knocked out of his hand. He spins, his eyes widen
dialog: as he SEES...
dialog: 212
dialog: 213
dialog: 214
dialog: 215
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: HORUS 212
text: Body of a man, the head, a metallic textured sculpture of a
text: HAWK. He SWINGS his weapon at Kawalsky who grabs hold with
text: all his strength. Kawalsky grapples with Horus who TWISTS
text: his weapon free, then SMASHES it into Kawalsky's chest.
text: Holding his rifle tentatively, Daniel steps out from behind
text: a column just in time to SEE... Kawalsky SAILS across the
text: hallway, SLAMMING into a column, collapsing in a heap. Just
text: then Daniel SEES Horus crossing the hallway, moving in on
dialog: Kawalsky.
text: Daniel is in total shock, his eyes wide with fear. Standing
text: out there, he's a sitting duck. Suddenly a HAND reaches for
text: him and GRABS HIM, yanking him back to safety.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL 213
text: Holds Daniel tight against the wall, leaning close to his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Cover me.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Wha...?
text: O'Neil makes a DASH for the door leading to the StarGate.
text: Daniel gathers his strength and follows, attempting to cover
text: the rear as he runs.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND GALLERY - CONTINUOUS 214
text: A FLARE tumbles towards us, O'Neil rushing up from behind.
text: In the flickering light we see Daniel, stumbling after O'Neil
text: trying to keep his rifle pointed to the rear.
scene_heading: INT. STARGATE ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 215
text: The darkness is broken with another FLARE as it rolls towards
text: us. O'Neil rushes through the Medallion room straight over
text: to the wheeled vehicle standing next to the StarGate. Daniel
text: races in, moving over towards O'Neil.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: (scolding)
dialog: Get back to the door!
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: What about Kawalsky and Brown?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: You heard me, move!
text: Daniel reluctantly moves over towards the medallion, aiming
text: his gun into the Grand Gallery.
dialog: 216
dialog: 217
dialog: 78.
text: O'Neil retrieves the electric KEY from his pocket. He turns
text: a dial and a RED LIGHT begins to FLASH.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: What are you doing?!
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: I said cover me, Goddamnit!
text: O'Neil takes out the tool and opens the secret compartment
text: of the vehicle only to find it EMPTY. O'Neil is in total
speaker_heading: SHOCK.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: It's gone!
text: Pissed and scared, Daniel turns back to O'Neil.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: What is?
text: Just as Daniel turns a LASER traces the edges of the MEDALLION
text: on the floor. A BEAM appears just as the image of a man
text: MATERIALIZES behind Daniel's back.
text: Fully realized, we see it's ANUBIS, his weapon aimed.
text: O'Neil looks up and SEES Anubis. Slowly he lifts his arms
text: in surrender. Seeing this Daniel SPINS, his rifle shaking
text: in nervous hands.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: (suddenly calm)
dialog: Jackson, put it down.
text: Anubis steps into the flickering light of the flare. For
dialog: the first time we can SEE the details of this strange
dialog: creature.
text: Stepping close, he runs his palm beneath his weapon and the
text: barrel SNAPS OPEN ready to fire. Daniel lowers his rifle.
scene_heading: INT. SPACE CRAFT - MEDALLION ROOM - CONTINUOUS 216
text: Like the medallion below, a laser traces the floor,
text: illuminating this dark room. Once surrounding the medallion,
text: SHAPES begin to form. Soon we SEE it's O'Neil, Daniel and
dialog: Anubis.
text: The beam VANISHES and a circular door SLIDES open.
scene_heading: INT. RA'S THRONE CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS 217
text: As the door opens we find HORUS waiting. He and Anubis lead
text: Daniel and O'Neil into the room. Suddenly a loud SOUND is
text: heard and the wall before them slowly begins to PART.
dialog: 218
dialog: 219
speaker_heading: 220
dialog: 221
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID - SPACE CRAFT - TOP SECTION - DAY 218
text: Slowly the top of the pyramid begins to OPEN UP, the planet's
text: three suns behind it. The paneling slides back revealing
text: the palace beneath.
scene_heading: INT. RA'S THRONE CHAMBER - SAME 219
text: They march down the center of this beautiful palace room.
text: Light begins to STREAM IN from the openings above. They
text: reach the far wall of the room and Horus THROWS Daniel to
text: the floor. O'Neil SPINS, ready to fight.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (stage whisper)
dialog: Kneel.
text: Reluctantly O'Neil turns and bows down to his knees. Daniel
text: looks up from the ground and sees A GOLDEN SUN DISK adorning
text: the wall before him.
text: From all around SUNLIGHT pours in, bathing Daniel and O'Neil
text: in bright light. As the light reaches the SUN DISK, the
text: doors in front of them SLIDE OPEN revealing another room.
text: Standing in front of a large set of stairs leading to a
text: platform, we SEE a dozen human CHILDREN, ranging from 9 to
text: 17 years of age, elaborately dressed, huddled together,
text: blocking our view. Slowly they peel away from the center
dialog: revealing...
speaker_heading: PHARAOH KING RA 220
text: Perched on his throne, adorned with jewels and headdress
text: like an ancient Pharaoh, RA looks like a living version of
text: the mask of Tutankhamun, part humanoid, part other worldly.
text: Daniel and O'Neil, who look up at the strange creature before
text: them. There is a long awkward silence as Ra examines them
text: from his perch. Turning away, Ra lifts his hand, pointing
dialog: to Anubis.
speaker_heading: ANUBIS 221
text: touches a switch on the collar of his outfit and suddenly
text: the Jackal head MORPS into the cold but handsome face of a
text: HUMAN, the real man behind the mask.
text: Ra turns towards Horus, who also begins to CHANGE SHAPE.
text: His Hawk mask peeling back to reveal the MAN underneath; a
text: dark skinned North African with joyless eyes.
text: Neither O'Neil nor Daniel can believe their own eyes as these
text: creatures unmask before them. Daniel nervously looks up
text: towards Ra. After a long beat Ra gives a nod to the children.
dialog: 222
dialog: 80.
text: Two young BOYS walk up from behind Ra carrying a tray.
text: O'Neil's DEVICE, stolen from the wheeled vehicle, lays
text: dismantled on the tray. The children place it in front of
dialog: Daniel and O'Neil.
text: Daniel stares at it confused. O'Neil only stares at Ra
text: defiantly. Daniel notices the English words and numbers
text: printed around the device. He turns to O'Neil, bewildered.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: What is that?
text: O'Neil only continues his glare to Ra. Daniel begins to
text: panic, his mind racing.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: That's what you were looking for.
dialog: What you couldn't find...
text: Daniel looks back to Ra who stares down at them, cold.
text: Turning back to the device, Daniel starts to realize what
text: he's looking at.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: ...you were going to destroy this
dialog: place!? Why?
text: Suddenly Ra STANDS. As we PUSH IN we SEE...
scene_heading: RA - CLOSE - SFX 222
text: Suddenly Ra's entire shape begins to MORPH, his image shifting
text: and changing. His golden skin PEELS AWAY as his headdress
text: RETRACTS behind his head, revealing a BEAUTIFUL YOUNG
text: MAN/CHILD, RA. Though ten thousand years have passed, he
text: looks but slightly older than when we saw him in the film's
dialog: opening.
text: As Ra is unveiled, Horus and Anubis BOW their heads. Seeing
text: this from the corner of his eye, O'Neil seizes the
text: opportunity. He POPS UP, throwing a shoulder into Anubis'
text: chest, wresting his weapon from him. He SLAMS Anubis with
text: the butt end, knocking him to the floor.
text: In one swift move, he copies the gesture he saw Anubis make
text: and SNAPS the weapon OPEN and FIRES at Horus, catching him
text: in the shoulder, SPINNING HIM to the floor.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: No! Don't! Stop it!
text: But O'Neil TURNS, takes quick aim and FIRES at Ra. Just as
text: the power blast leaves the weapon a CLEAR SHIELD forms around
text: Ra. The power blast is DEFLECTED.
dialog: 223
dialog: 224
dialog: 225
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
dialog: 228
dialog: 81.
text: Horus grabs his weapon, spins. Daniel steps between them,
text: screaming out to them in their language. But, too date, |
text: Horus FIRES. The blast RIPS INTO DANIEL KILLING HIM.
text: second BLAST hits O'Neil in the shoulder, cutting into him.
text: O'Neil hits the floor, writhing in intense pain.
text: Ra steps down from his throne. He walks towards Anubis,
text: retrieving his fallen weapon. For a moment we think he may
text: kill him. Instead he THROWS the weapon at him.
text: Ra walks over to Daniel, staring down at his lifeless body
text: when something catches his eye. Ra kneels down, reaches
text: over and touches the SUN DISK around Daniel's neck.
scene_heading: SUN DISK - NECKLACE - EXTREME CLOSE UP
text: Hanging from Daniel's neck, Ra fingers the golden sun disk
text: examining it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DUNES - DAY
text: Slowly Daniel's Mastadge appears behind a dune and HOWLS, a
text: single beautiful note of pain.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP
text: Buried in the sand, an exposed tent flap is PULLED aside and
text: the Shepherd boys SEE Daniel's Mastadge appearing behind
dialog: them.
text: They turn back, digging for more treasure. Skaara uncovers
text: one of the soldier's HELMETS. He shows it to the other boys.
text: Just then a LOUD HUM is heard. The Boys look up to SEE...
scene_heading: GLIDER BAY - SPACE CRAFT
text: The Glider bay OPENS and two GLIDERS shoot out into the sky.
scene_heading: ANGLE - SHEPHERD BOYS
text: The Boys DUCK for cover under the tent as the two Gliders
text: SAIL past, disappearing from view.
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING CELL - SAME
text: A square HOLE in the ceiling OPENS as the bars that cover it
text: recede. Unconscious, O'Neil body DROPS through, landing
text: with a SPLASH into the shallow muddy water of this cell.
text: The cold water reviving him, O'Neil BOLTS up awakened.
text: Suddenly two arms GRAB HIM. Still in shock, O'Neil tries to
text: shake free. Finally he realises it's Kawalsky holding him.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Colonel, are you alright?
dialog: 223
dialog: 224
dialog: 225
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
dialog: 230
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: 232
dialog: 233
dialog: 234
dialog: 82.
text: Adjusting to the dark room O'Neil SEES, Feretti and Freeman
text: SHIVERING at the back of the room. Between them two BODIES
text: float face down in the murky waters.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir?
text: O'Neil only nods.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY (CONT'D)
dialog: And Jackson?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
text: He's dead.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DUNES - LATE AFTERNOON 229
text: The Shepherd boys return from the pyramid, the Mastadge with
text: them, packages strapped to its sides. Suddenly a SOUND is
text: heard. The boys STOP as they SEE...
scene_heading: TWO WINGED GLIDERS 230
text: Heading right at them, darting out from over the dunes.
scene_heading: GLIDER P.O.V. - SHEPHERD BOYS 231
text: Sailing overhead we see the small group of boys staring up
text: at us, astounded at what they see. Just as it passes overhead
text: they get a mere glimpse at ANUBIS as he peers down at them.
text: Once gone, the boys race to the top of the dune to see where
text: the Gliders have just left; Nagada, a black plume of smoke
text: rising from the center of the town.
scene_heading: EXT. NAGADA - INSIDE TOWN - THROUGH GATES - LATE AFTERNOON 232
text: The boys approach the front gates, entering the town slowly.
text: From their expressions we SEE they are shocked at what they
dialog: find.
scene_heading: SHEPHERD BOYS' P.0O.V. - DECIMATED STREET - SAME 233
text: People crying, comforting one another. Charred buildings, a
text: small flame being extinguished. Wounded people getting tended
dialog: to. Misery.
text: The boys move slowly down the center of the street, fear and
text: anger in their eyes. Skaara sees Sari crying at the side of
text: the street. He rushes to her.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SARI 234
text: As Skaara approaches, Sari lifts her head and we SEE a CUT
text: above her eye, blood dripping down her face.
dialog: 235
dialog: 236
dialog: 237
dialog: 238
dialog: 239
dialog: 240
dialog: 83.
text: Skaara looks at her, wanting to understand. Sari only looks
text: up. Skaara follows her gaze to SEE...
scene_heading: KASUF - HANGING 235
text: Strapped to the Sun Disk we SEE Kasuf suspended above, beaten,
text: barely conscious. We PUSH into Skaara's troubled face, tears
text: and anger well in his eyes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SARCOPHAGUS ROOM - LATER 236
text: Silent and still, the sarcophagus sits at the back of the
text: room. Slowly we MOVE closer to it just as its sides begin
text: to retract, exposing a FIGURE covered in wet cloth laying
dialog: motionless.
text: As the sarcophagus completes this process the figure suddenly
text: SITS UP, frantically GASPING for air. Coughing, the figure
text: rips off the wet cloth, revealing...
speaker_heading: DANIEL 237
text: Reborn. Daniel struggles to regain normal breathing. Finally
text: he calms down and looks around to see where he is.
scene_heading: DANIEL'S P.0.V. - EMPTY ROOM 238
text: Daniel scans the quiet, eerie room. He's startled as he
text: SEES a young seven year old BOY standing in the doorway.
text: Emotionless and completely still, the Boy stares at Daniel.
text: Slowly Daniel gets to his feet, attempting to regain his
text: balance. Once up, the Boy turns and walks out of the room.
text: Daniel is unsure if he should follow. Suddenly the Boy STOPS,
text: turns back, staring at Daniel. Daniel takes a step towards
text: him and the Boy continues.
scene_heading: INT. PALACE HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS - NIGHT 239
text: Several yards ahead of him, the Boy leads Daniel down this
text: immense and imposing hallway. Daniel follows, disorientated,
text: his eyes scanning the room. He sees a CAT cross his path.
text: Surprised, Daniel continues down and he sees ANOTHER cat,
text: perched on a short flight of stairs. Still walking forward,
text: Daniel turns back towards the Boy, only to find he's GONE.
text: Daniel looks ahead and sees another doorway. Assuming the
text: Boy went through, Daniel cautiously follows.
scene_heading: INT. BATH CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS - NIGHT 240
text: Slowly Daniel enters. He pushes his way through thin silk
text: veils which hang down from the ceiling. Daniel moves through
dialog: them until he SEES...
dialog: 241
dialog: 242
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: RA - BATH 241
text: Ra sits in his ornate sunken bath. Daniel watches him for a
text: long beat. Sensing his presence, Ra ignores Daniel, signals
text: to the children who come, carrying his long robe.
text: Holding it before him, Ra walks out of the bath, into his
text: robe, passing Daniel on his way out. Daniel turns to him
dialog: and speaks.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: I died.
text: Surprised Daniel can speak his language, Ra stops and turns
text: towards him. A subtle smile crosses Ra's lips. He then
text: turns away and exits the room. Reluctantly, Daniel follows.
scene_heading: INT. RA'S PRIVATE CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS - NIGHT 242
text: Ra leads Daniel across the room past a long marble table.
text: On which are the recovered belongings of the soldiers
text: displayed; guns, books, radio and the dismantled bomb. Ra
text: turns back to Daniel, studies his reaction for a long beat.
dialog: Finally...
speaker_heading: RA
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: You people have advanced much since
dialog: I left. Your world has
dialog: become. ..dangerous.
text: Realizing the implication, Daniel gets nervous
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: RA
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: Tomorrow we will send the quartz to
dialog: my masters. I will include all I
dialog: have discovered.
text: Off Daniel's frightened expression, Ra smiles as he walks
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: RA (CONT'D)
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: It will be up to them to decide.
text: Moving over to a sitting area, Ra is met by the children who
text: bring his clothing over to him and start to dress him. Daniel
text: moves over towards him.
dialog: 243
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: Why did you give me back my life?
speaker_heading: RA
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: I need you.
text: Daniel doesn't understand.
speaker_heading: RA (CONT'D)
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: You must restore...faith.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: Faith?
text: Ra nods to one of his children who pulls out a small tray,
text: Daniel's Sun Disk laying on top. Ra takes it, holds it.
speaker_heading: RA
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: There can only be one Ra.
text: He hands the Sun Disk back to Daniel.
speaker_heading: RA (CONT'D)
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: You will obey me before my people.
dialog: They will witness as you kill your
dialog: companions.
text: Dressed, Ra stands and walks away from Daniel. Taking it
text: all in, Daniel thinks to himself for a beat. Finally...
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: And I refuse?
text: Daniel turns back to Ra only to find Anubis standing behind
text: him, lifting his weapon. Ra turns back to Daniel to see if
text: he understands. He does.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TRAVELING P.O.V. - TOWARDS CURTAINS 243
text: We MOVE through darkness towards long hanging fabric. As we
text: PUSH through the fabric into BRIGHT LIGHT we see THOUSANDS
text: OF PEOPLE gathered before us.
scene_heading: WIDEN TO REVEAL:
dialog: 244
dialog: 245
dialog: 246
dialog: 247
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID ENTRANCE PLATFORM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: O'Neil and the other prisoners are PUSHED out onto the
text: platform, led by HORUS down to the center of the ramp.
text: Using his weapon as a staff, Horus KNOCKS the soldiers down
text: to their knees. He leaves them there as he marches back up
text: to the top of the ramp, joined by another Horus (#2).
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SARI
text: Moving through the dense crowd, straining to see if Daniel
text: is on the ramp. Unable to spot him, she's crestfallen.
scene_heading: TWO WINGED GLIDERS
text: Two winged Gliders hover above the platform.
scene_heading: DANIEL AND ANUBIS
text: With his mask in place, Anubis steps through the hanging
text: fabric, Daniel close to his side. O'Neil looks up, completely
text: shocked to discover Daniel still alive. He and the soldiers
text: exchange questioning glances.
text: Daniel avoids eye contact with the soldiers as Anubis leads
text: him next to the empty throne.
text: Sari SEES Daniel. Her expression brightens. She pushes
text: through the crowd to get nearer to the platform.
text: Leaving Daniel's side, Anubis steps to the center of the
text: platform, raising his arms. The entire crowd BOWS DOWN. We
text: see a very bruised Kasuf, helped by the town Elders to his
text: knees in prayer.
text: Anubis looks over to Daniel who reluctantly bows down before
text: the throne. The entire assembly bows and a dozen CHILDREN
text: rush out from behind the fabric, grabbing on to poles,
text: connected to the bottom of the material. The Children peel
text: off to the sides, LIFTING the fabric.
text: As it PARTS we SEE the striking image of RA, SUN GOD as he
text: slowly steps out into the light. Again, we see him with his
text: illusion/mask in place gold skin, elaborate headdress, etc.
text: Ra takes his place on the throne. Once seated, the crowd
text: stands, silently. Anubis stands and offers his weapon to
text: the Pharaoh. Ra accepts it. He turns and offers it to
dialog: Daniel.
text: Anubis puts his hand roughly on Daniel's shoulder. Daniel,
text: knowing what is expected of him, is torn. Slowly he stands
text: and accepts the weapon from Ra. Weapon in hand, Daniel turns
text: towards the ramp.
dialog: 244
dialog: 245
dialog: 246
dialog: 247
dialog: 248
dialog: 249
dialog: 250
dialog: 251
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: DANIEL'S P.0.V. - SOLDIERS AND O'NEIL 248
text: Slowly Daniel walks past the two guards at the top of the
text: ramp, making his way towards O'Neil and the rest of the
text: soldiers. O'Neil looks up at Daniel as a traitor, contempt
text: in his eye.
text: Daniel is torn. Desperately he wants a way out of it. As
text: he walks he SEES, Sari in the crowd. He can't look at her.
text: He turns back to the faces of the Soldiers as he approaches.
text: Daniel stops a few feet in front of O'Neil who only stares
text: at him, harshly. Daniel turns, looks back to Ra who only
text: stares at him emotionlessly. He sees Anubis waiting next to
text: Ra, the two Horus guards at the top of the Ramp, and looking
dialog: up...
scene_heading: THE WINGED GLIDERS 249
text: Their weapons slowly EXTENDING, taking aim, ready.
text: Suddenly a small FLASH OF LIGHT, catches his eye. He looks
text: down into the crowd and SEES...
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SKAARA 250
text: Moving near Sari below, next to the ramp. He holds O'Neil's
text: lighter, reflecting sunlight off of it at Daniel to get his
text: attention. That accomplished, Skaara peels back part of his
dialog: clothing exposing...
scene_heading: ONE OF THE SOLDIER'S RIFLES 251
text: Retrieved from the base camp, Skaara holds the gun close to
text: his chest. Skaara gives Daniel a nod. Daniel looks down to
text: the other side of the ramp and recognizes two OTHER Shepherd
text: boys, waiting.
text: Daniel turns back to O'Neil as he lifts the weapon, COCKING
text: it, ready to FIRE. Suddenly Daniel SPINS, and FIRES the
text: weapon at the top of the ramp.
text: A huge CHUNK of the ramp EXPLODES before the two guards,
text: blocking their view of Daniel.
text: Suddenly Skaara DRAWS the rifle and begins FIRING INTO THE
text: AIR. Quickly we SEE, Shepherd boys, scattered everywhere,
text: drawing weapons and FIRING.
text: The crowd panics, no one knows which way to run. Pandemonium.
text: Seizing the opportunity, Daniel and O'Neil JUMP off the ramp
text: in one direction, as the other soldiers LEAP off the other
dialog: side.
text: HORUS (#1) steps through the smoke and FIRES his weapon,
text: HITTING Freeman as he leaps.
dialog: 252
dialog: 253
dialog: 254
dialog: 255
dialog: 256
dialog: 257
speaker_heading: 257A
dialog: 88.
text: He SCREAMS and dies before he can hit the ground.
text: On the opposite side, O'Neil and Daniel rush over to Sari
text: and Skaara. They both toss SHAWLS over them, disguising
text: them. Quickly they PUSH them into the crowd.
text: Kawalsky and Feretti turn back towards Freeman's body when
text: the shepherd boys RUSH over to them, tossing CLOTH over the
text: soldiers. Quickly they rush them into the mayhem of the
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - ANUBIS 252
text: Signals to the Gliders.
speaker_heading: GLIDERS 253
text: The Gliders readjust and DIVE down over the crowd, searching.
scene_heading: GLIDERS' P.O.V. - CROWD 254
text: Quickly we SAIL overhead, staring down as everyone races
text: away in different directions. Disguised, the soldiers can't
text: be seen within the mob.
text: Ra stands, furious. Anubis moves close but Ra shoves him
text: aside as he storms through the hanging fabric, back into the
dialog: pyramid.
scene_heading: ANGLE - DANIEL AND O'NEIL 255
text: Skaara and Sari lead Daniel and O'Neil over to the Mastadge,
text: who lets out a ROAR. Skaara shows O'Neil where to GRIP the
text: Mastadge at the side of the harness. Sari shows Daniel the
text: same on the other side.
text: Daniel turns to thank Sari just as Skaara GRABS THE MASTADGE'S
text: EAR. The Mastadge REAR UP and race away, dragging Daniel
text: and O'Neil with them.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - DUNE 256
text: People rushing off around them, Skaara and Sari climb the
text: top of the dune to see the Mastadge far off, racing over the
text: dunes. They turn back and see...
speaker_heading: THE GLIDERS 257
text: Soaring past them, giving chase, the Gliders head off into
dialog: the desert.
scene_heading: INT. RA'S PALACE - SAME 257A
text: In a mad tantrum, Ra storms through his palace, furious. He
text: RIPS the hanging fabrics as he marches into his private
dialog: chamber .
dialog: 258
speaker_heading: 259
dialog: 260
dialog: 261
dialog: 262
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: EXT. SAND DUNES - MASTADGE - SAME 258
text: Holding on for dear life, O'Neil tightly grips the harness.
text: He looks back and sees the Gliders, speeding towards them.
text: O'Neil slaps at the side of the Mastadge.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: How do you make this stupid thing go
dialog: faster!
text: Barely holding on, Daniel PULLS himself up and GRABS onto
dialog: the Mastadge's EAR.
text: Again, the Mastadge KICKS UP speed, racing over the dunes.
scene_heading: ANGLE - GLIDER AND DUNES 259
text: Though the Mastadge has picked up speed, he's no match for
text: the Gliders who narrow the gap. The Gliders FIRE a power
text: burst at the Mastadge.
text: Missing, the power burst EXPLODES into the sand, a few feet
text: in front of the Mastadge. Startled, the Mastadge REARS UP
text: and takes off in another direction.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - O'NEIL 260
text: He looks back, seeing the Gliders approach. He looks ahead.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: It's no use. When we're over the
dialog: next dune. We drop!
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Drop?
speaker_heading: GLIDERS 261
text: Racing towards us. As they look down, they see the Mastadge
text: ahead of them, disappearing over the dune.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - OTHER SIDE OF DUNE 262
text: Tumbling down the dune, the Mastadge galloping ahead, Daniel
text: and O'Neil roll to a stop. Instantly O'Neil starts to BURY
text: HIMSELF in the sand. Picking up the cue, Daniel copies
text: O'Neil, throwing sand over himself.
text: Behind them we SEE the Gliders, heading this way. Can they
dialog: bury themselves in time?
dialog: 263
dialog: 264
dialog: 265
speaker_heading: 266
speaker_heading: 267
speaker_heading: 268
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: GLIDERS 263
text: The Gliders SWOOP DOWN but just as they clear the sand hill.
text: They find the Mastadge on the other side, but O'Neil and
dialog: Daniel are GONE!
text: The Gliders circle the area, but O'Neil and Daniel are nowhere
text: to be seen. The Gliders circle one more time. Seeing
text: nothing, they turn and head back.
scene_heading: ANGLE - SAND - CLOSE 264
text: Just as the Gliders pass overhead, disappearing over the
text: dune, O'Neil's and Daniel's heads POP OUT of the sand.
text: Quickly O'Neil climbs the dune, watching the Gliders depart
text: as Daniel spits out sand, climbing after him.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: You think they'1l come back?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Why should they? In an hour we'll
dialog: be buried alive.
text: Reaching the top of the dune, Daniel turns to see what O'Neil
dialog: is talking about. He SEES...
speaker_heading: A SAND STORM 265
text: Moving quickly, a sand storm heads right this way. O'Neil
text: and Daniel are in the middle of nowhere. No escape.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GLIDER BAY - PYRAMID - SUNSET 266
text: The two winged Gliders sail towards the Glider bay openings
text: in the pyramid.
scene_heading: INT. RA'S SPACE CRAFT - HALLWAY - MINUTES LATER 267
text: The two Horus pilots march down the hall. As they pass a
text: hanging tapestry, we SEE their silhouetted bird images MORPH
text: down to their normal selves. As they pass the tapestry, we
text: recognize one as the North African guard (Horus #1) and Horus
dialog: #2.
scene_heading: INT. RA'S PRIVATE CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS 268
text: Ra sits, seething with humiliation and anger. Anguished, Ra
text: sits privately when he's suddenly TUGGED by a YOUNG BOY (10
text: years old) who tries to get his attention.
text: Furious at the invasion, Ra SPINS and GLARES at the boy, his
text: eyes filled with rage. Terrified, the boy recoils. Ra stops
text: himself just as he looks up and SEES..
speaker_heading: 268A
dialog: 91.
text: The other children standing in the doorway, watching
text: frightened. Ra marches through them, knocking them aside as
text: he passes.
scene_heading: INT. RA'S THRONE ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 268A
text: Seething with anger, Ra quickly marches into the room only
text: to find Anubis with the two Horus pilots who kneel, awaiting
text: his arrival. Ra stops, calms himself and sits on his throne
text: before them.
speaker_heading: HORUS #1
dialog: (subtitled)
text: They are dead.
text: Ra slowly leans forward. The children arrive and gather
text: round Ra's throne.
speaker_heading: RA
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: Bring their bodies to me.
speaker_heading: HORUS #2
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: We lost them in the sand storm.
dialog: Surely they will be killed.
text: Ra boils, holding in his anger. He stands and walks over to
text: a box of jewelry. Hiding it from the others, Ra takes out a
text: GOLDEN RING AND DISK; the ring fitting over his finger, the
text: attached disk hid in the palm of his hand.
text: Turning back Ra moves slowly towards Horus #2, motioning
text: with his other hand for Horus #2 to stand. He does, sensing
dialog: something is not right.
text: Slowly Horus #1 backs away. The children exchange nervous
dialog: glances.
text: Horus #2 starts to get nervous, looking around the room. He
text: looks back to Ra who only smiles, reassuringly; everything's
text: alright. Horus #2 seems to calm down.
text: Ra lifts his hand as though to gently embrace his face when
text: suddenly he OPENS his palm exposing the DISK. Horus #2's
text: eyes go wide with fear but before he can react.. The disk
text: ACTIVATES. Horus #2 suddenly begins to SHAKE VIOLENTLY, his
text: features begin to DISTORT. He SCREAMS OUT IN PAIN. Ra
text: watches this torture emotionlessly, waiting for his victim
text: to expire. He does.
text: As he drops to the floor, Ra turns to the group of children
text: who stare back at him frightened. Ra motions for the OLDEST
text: BOY to step forward.
text: Ra reaches down and removes a HEAD CLAMP from the dead body
text: of Horus #2, placing it over the head of the Oldest Boy.
speaker_heading: 269
dialog: 270
dialog: 271
dialog: 92.
text: Quickly the HAWK-LIKE head APPEARS over the Oldest Boy as he
text: now takes his turn at guard.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DUNES - SAND STORM - LATER 269
text: O'Neil and Daniel are fighting their way through the thick
text: whirling sands, holding onto the side of the Mastadge who
text: pushes onward through the storm.
text: They try to shield themselves at the side of the Mastadge,
text: but it does little to help. Movement becomes more and more
text: difficult. Daniel suddenly drops to his knees.
text: The Mastadge turns back and sees Daniel getting buried in
text: the sand and ROARS OUT. O'Neil lifts his arm holding it
text: over his eyes. He, too, drops down, losing consciousness.
text: The harsh winds quickly begin to bury the men in sand.
text: Unaffected by the storm, the Mastadge watches them, unable
dialog: to help.
text: Suddenly through the blurry sands we SEE several SHAPES
text: apparently coming UP FROM THE SAND. The figures GRAB onto
text: O'Neil, shaking him. Snapping out of it O'Neil squints up
dialog: to SEE...
scene_heading: SKAARA - SHEPHERD BOYS 270
text: Skaara and two other boys carry O'Neil and Daniel away.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - CONTINUOUS - NIGHT 271
text: Through the mouth of a large cave we SEE several FIGURES
text: coming towards us through the sand clouds churning outside.
text: Helping them out of the storm we SEE Skaara and two boys
text: bringing Daniel and O'Neil inside.
text: Once within the protective walls, O'Neil looks up and SEES,
text: the rest of the Shepherd boys wearing the army fatigues,
text: helmets and guns they retrieved from the base camp. Leaning
text: against the wall, the weapon Ra gave Daniel.
text: At the back of the cave he SEES Feretti, getting some aid to
text: a wound. Kawalsky turns, sees O'Neil and rushes over to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: You made it!
text: Sari walks in from the opposite side, looking for Daniel.
text: Daniel begins to cough, only semi-conscious as he's helped
text: inside. Sari runs over to him, bringing him some water.
text: Realizing it's her, Daniel smiles.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY (CONT'D)
dialog: (re: the kids)
dialog: What do you think, Colonel? It's not
dialog: exactly Special Forces but they're
text: obviously eager to join up.
text: O'Neil looks sad. He walks away.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Take the guns away from them
dialog: Lieutenant before they hurt
dialog: themselves.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: You heard me. Send them home.
text: Daniel looks up, his head clearing.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
text: There's nowhere for them to go.
dialog: They were seen helping us. They'll
dialog: be hunted down and killed.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: We could sure use the help, Sir.
text: O'Neil spins back to Kawalsky, suddenly furious.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: We've already lost four highly trained
dialog: men! Now you hand me a bunch of
dialog: kids?!
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: But, Sir, they saved our lives?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: For what!? To do what?
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: (unsure)
dialog: To help us get back home.
text: O'Neil looks at Kawalsky sadly. He turns and walks away.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Why don't you tell 'em the truth?
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Truth?
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (to O'Neil)
dialog: Tell them why you planted a nuclear
text: bomb next to the StarGate.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: What's he talking about, Colonel?
text: O'Neil doesn't answer. Finally...
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: (calm)
dialog: My orders were simple. Cross the
dialog: bridge, hold the bridge, and at the
dialog: first sign of danger, destroy the
dialog: bridge.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Why didn't you tell us?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: It was strictly "need to know."
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Need to know? Need to know? I think
dialog: that's something I'd need to know!
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Do you realize what you've started?
dialog: Tomorrow, when they send off the
dialog: next delivery of quartz, Ra's going
dialog: to send them your Goddamned bomb.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Send who?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Who do you think? Someone put him
dialog: in charge of all this. We're talking
text: about a highly advanced, oppressive
dialog: and hostile culture who use people
dialog: like we use cattle. We were no threat
dialog: to them. They wrote us off thousands
dialog: of years ago. How do you think
dialog: they're going to react when they
dialog: find out what we've become?!
text: O'Neil stands, considering his options. Sari and the Shepherd
text: boys stare at the argument, confused.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Then we'll have to be there before
dialog: they can send it through. We get
dialog: back the device, I can destroy the
dialog: StarGate.
dialog: 272
dialog: 95.
text: Trying to talk some sense to O'Neil, Daniel walks over to
text: him. Frustrated, Daniel gets angry.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Destroying this one gate won't
dialog: accomplish anything! There are bound
dialog: to be more.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: You have a better idea?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: We've got to get back home and
text: dismantle the gate on our side.
dialog: Then hope they leave us alone.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Well, thanks to you, we don't have
dialog: that option.
dialog: (turning back to his
dialog: men)
dialog: Lieutenant, we leave this place at
text: first light.
text: O'Neil marches out into another part of the cave. Feretti,
dialog: who's been silent...
speaker_heading: FERETTI
text: Great. A suicide mission.
scene_heading: INT. LOOKOUT CAVE - CONTINUOUS - NIGHT 272
text: Staring off, O'Neil stands alone in the middle of this cave.
text: Across from him we can see the storm raging outside.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (0.S.)
dialog: You realize, if you go through with
dialog: this, a lot of innocent people will
dialog: be killed.
text: O'Neil doesn't answer, keeping his back to Daniel who stands
text: at the back of the cave.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: You were right you know. I only
dialog: cared about saving my reputation.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm sorry I lied.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Doesn't matter anymore.
text: There's a silent moment, but something Daniel has to ask.
speaker_heading: 273
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: You knew from the beginning that
dialog: you'd have to destroy the gate, didn't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: "Sealed and buried for all time."
dialog: That's how it translated, right? Why
dialog: would they bury it? Think? It was
dialog: a warning.
text: Daniel realizes he's right. How could he have been so blind?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I don't understand. If you knew,
dialog: how could you take this assignment?
dialog: You have a family? A son?
text: O'Neil stares off with the same distant look he had on when
dialog: we first saw him.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: I had a family.
text: Realizing, Daniel is moved. He offers...
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I'm sorry. I know what it's like to
dialog: lose someone you love.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: No one should ever have to outlive
dialog: their own child. It just isn't right.
text: Suddenly Skaara appears behind them carrying a bowl of food
text: he holds out for O'Neil.
speaker_heading: SKAARA
dialog: Anaasar?
text: O'Neil doesn't even look at him. He just walks away, over
text: to the edge of the cave, staring out into the night. Skaara,
dialog: afraid he said something wrong turns to Daniel. Daniel can't
text: face him and walks out.
text: Skaara considers a second, sniffs at the food to make sure
text: it's okay, then walks over to O'Neil.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - O'NEIL 273
text: O'Neil sits at the edge of the cave, his mind a million light
text: years away. Skaara walks up alongside him.
speaker_heading: SKAARA
dialog: Anaasar.
dialog: 274
dialog: 275
dialog: 97.
text: Still O'Neil ignores him. Slowly Skaara slides the plate of
text: food in front of O'Neil's face as you would do to a reluctant
text: child. Finally O'Neil turns and sees Skaara's smiling face.
speaker_heading: SKAARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Nakdes Anaasar.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Anaasar, right.
text: Uncomfortable, O'Neil reluctantly takes the bowl from Skaara
text: who promptly sits down next to him. O'Neil begins to eat as
text: Skaara smiles proudly.
scene_heading: INT. CORNER OF CAVE - SAME 274
text: Daniel slowly walks back inside, troubled. He turns a corner
text: of the cave where Kawalsky and Feretti are conferring with
text: each other. But as Daniel nears, they suddenly become quiet,
dialog: giving Daniel the "cold shoulder."
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - MAIN ENTRANCE - CONTINUOUS - NIGHT 275
text: Daniel enters. He sees several of the Shepherd boys
text: surrounding Sari who prepares food for them. As Sari stokes
text: the flames below her cooking pot, Daniel walks up and serves
text: some food to one of the waiting Shepherd boys.
text: The boy stares at Daniel, shocked, then starts to giggle.
text: Even Sari looks up, surprised.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: What?
text: Even Sari suppresses a laugh, turning away from him.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: Why are they laughing?
text: Sari takes the serving bowl from him and walks over to
text: Kawalsky and Feretti, feeding them. The boys continue to
text: chuckle at Daniel's expense. Daniel doesn't understand.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (subtitled; to boys)
dialog: Why do you laugh?
text: This just makes them laugh more. Finally one BOY (#2) turns
text: and answers.
speaker_heading: BOY #2
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: Husbands do not do this work.
text: Daniel is completely taken off guard.
speaker_heading: 276
speaker_heading: 277
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Husband?
text: Sari walks back over and Daniel turns to her.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: He called me your "husband."
text: Suddenly filled with embarrassment, Sari hurries away. Again
text: the boys titter with laughter. Daniel walks over to Sari at
text: the back of the cave.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: What is it?
text: Again, Sari is ashamed. She won't look Daniel in the eye.
text: Skaara enters, sees the boys giggling, peering around the
text: corner of the cave, spying on Daniel and Sari.
scene_heading: SKAARA'S P.O.V. - DANIEL AND SARI 276
text: Very close together, Daniel reaches over, touching Sari's
text: shoulder. Skaara, seeing this, turns and SHOOS the boys
text: away, giving Daniel and Sari some privacy.
speaker_heading: DANIEL AND SARI 277
text: Still avoiding his eyes, Sari finally speaks to Daniel.
speaker_heading: SARI
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: I'm sorry. Don't be angry with me.
dialog: I didn't tell them.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: Tell them what?
speaker_heading: SARI
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: That you did not want me.
text: Sari turns away, shamed. Daniel realizes she's referring to
text: when she was brought to him in Nagada.
text: He slowly turns her back towards him. Gently he leans close
text: and kisses her.
text: Their lips part and Sari looks up at Daniel, searching his
text: emotions. Slowly she moves back to him. Again, they kiss.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 278
speaker_heading: 279
dialog: 280
speaker_heading: 281
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - DANIEL C.U. - LATER 278
text: His eyes fluttering open, Daniel wakes to see Sari curled up
text: alongside of him. Daniel smiles sadly. He turns, only to
text: find, a young Shepherd boy sleeping behind him.
text: As Daniel sits up he finds, all the Shepherd boys have taken
text: sleeping positions all around him and Sari. Daniel shakes
text: his head in disbelief. Suddenly something catches his eye
text: near the front of the cave.
scene_heading: DANIEL'S P.0.V. - SKAARA 279
text: Skaara sits by a dying fire, working on some drawings he
text: scratches into the wall. Curious, Daniel stands and starts
text: to walk over to him.
text: Imitating the drawings seen earlier in the catacombs, Skaara
text: chalks up the wall of the cave with primitive sketches.
text: Pleased, Daniel smiles.
scene_heading: DANIEL'S P.0O.V. - SKETCHES - SAME 280
text: A simple set of drawings detailing the rescue in front of
text: the pyramid. We see figures of the boys firing their guns
text: and the soldiers in front of the pyramid, the three suns
text: surrounding it.
text: Suddenly Daniel's expression changes. Slowly he gets up and
text: moves closer to the sketches.
scene_heading: DANIEL'S P.0.V. - PYRAMID SKETCH 281
text: We slowly PUSH IN to the drawing of the team before the
text: pyramid, ZOOMING IN to the top part of the drawing; the
text: pyramid with three suns, one above, the other two on each
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: My God. The point of origin.
text: Quickly Daniel moves close to the drawing. He takes the
text: burnt charcoal from Skaara and traces over the sketch. As
text: he did in the silo when detailing the symbol for Earth, he
text: outlines a symbol over the drawing of the pyramid and suns.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: I can't believe it.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY (0.S.)
dialog: Can't believe what?
text: Daniel spins to find Kawalsky approaching, wiping the sleep
text: from his eyes.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I found it.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: The seventh sign. Our ticket home.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 282 EXT. DUNES - MINING PIT - MASTADGE CARAVAN - DAWN 282
text: Several decorated Mastadges are lined up at the rim of the
text: mining pit. A single winged Glider hovering above.
scene_heading: 283 REVERSE ANGLE - SKAARA AND YOUNGEST BOY 283
text: Peering through some rocks a distance away, the boys see the
text: caravan being put together. Skaara nods to the youngest
text: boy. They turn and sneak away.
scene_heading: 284 INT. CAVE - SAME 284
text: O'Neil is confronting Daniel, packing weapons into his pack.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: It's too risky. We won't have the
dialog: time to get everyone through. We'll
dialog: have to take fast and immediate
dialog: action.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: We can't just turn our backs on them.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: We don't have any choice! All we
dialog: can do is try and complete our
dialog: mission.
text: Suddenly Feretti steps up.
speaker_heading: FERETTI
dialog: Sir, we owe our lives to them.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Forget it! I have my orders.
text: O'Neil reaches for his rifle. Kawalsky grabs it first,
text: holding it firm. He leans close to O'Neil.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
text: Then disobey those orders.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Lieutenant!
dialog: 285
dialog: 286
speaker_heading: 287
dialog: 288
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: No. Daniel is right. We won't
dialog: accomplish anything unless we tear
text: down the gate back home on Earth.
dialog: These kids are our best chance.
text: Daniel looks at Kawalsky, surprised and impressed. O'Neil
text: knows he's outnumbered. Suddenly Skaara rushes in. He blurts
text: something out to Daniel.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Colonel, are you with us or not?
text: Everyone turns to O'Neil for his decision. Finally...
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: It better work.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MINING AREA - CARAVAN - DAY 285
text: A caravan of four Mastadges have been assembled at the top
text: of the dune next to a nearby mining pit. An obelisk marks
dialog: the spot.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - PIT 286
text: Workers climb the ladders burdened with heavy bags of quartz.
text: Horus (#1) stands watch over them as they make their way up
text: the dune.
text: One WORKER falls to his knees from heat exhaustion. Horus
text: turns and SCREAMS at the Worker to continue. The Worker
text: tries to get to his feet but can't. Again, he collapses.
text: Barking out commands, Horus marches over to the Worker and
text: KICKS him, savagely. He tries to stand but Horus KICKS him
text: again. As he moves in for the kill, the Worker suddenly
text: pulls off his hood, revealing...
speaker_heading: DANIEL 287
text: Before Horus can lift his weapon, he comes face to face with
text: the nasty end of the weapon Ra gave Daniel. Daniel COCKS
text: OPEN, ready to fire.
text: Instantaneously all the surrounding workers whip out WEAPONS,
text: aimed right at Horus. They POP their hoods off, revealing
text: Sari, the soldiers and Shepherd boys.
scene_heading: ANGLE - MINING AREA 288
text: All around the workers STOP and turn, shocked. Kasuf,
text: overseeing the caravan, looks over, horrified.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: 289 ANGLE - PIT - HORUS AND TEAM 289
text: Kawalsky wrestles the weapon away from Horus as Daniel gets
text: to his feet. Daniel and Kawalsky keep their weapons aimed
text: at Horus as Feretti begins to tie him up.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Let's get going.
text: O'Neil signals Skaara and the boys who turn and move up the
text: hill to take over the caravan. But suddenly Kasuf, surrounded
text: by the Elders, leads a group of workers over to block the
dialog: path of the Shepherd boys.
text: Kasuf YELLS out to them, harshly. Their route blocked, a
text: stand off, Skaara turns back to O'Neil for guidance.
text: Distracted, Daniel turns around.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: What's he saying?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: He won't let them pass. He says
dialog: they'll bring misery to all the
dialog: people..warning them not to go against
dialog: the Gods.
text: O'Neil steps forward, LIFTING his weapon. The soldiers and
text: Shepherd boys turn to O'Neil. They can't believe he might
dialog: really kill these unarmed people.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Out of our way.
text: Coolly O'Neil takes aim, cocking his rifle. Suddenly Daniel
text: yells.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: No. Wait.
text: Daniel turns and touches the button on Horus' collar, the
text: Hawk illusion VANISHES. The workers are STUNNED. Horus,
text: humiliated, seethes. Daniel turns and moves back towards
dialog: Kasuf.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: Take a look at your Gods!
text: Suddenly Horus KNOCKS Feretti away, his hands freed. He
text: grabs back his weapon from Kawalsky, SLAMMING it into him as
text: he turns towards the unsuspecting Daniel. Seeing this, Sari
dialog: screams.
dialog: 290
dialog: 291
dialog: 292
dialog: 293
dialog: 294
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: SARI
dialog: Dan-el!
text: Daniel spins back just in time to see Horus LIFTING the
text: weapon, ready to fire. Without time to think, Daniel lifts
text: the weapon and FIRES.
text: Horus is BLOWN BACK, off his feet. He SLAMS back down, into
text: the sand, dead. Kasuf and the workers stare in disbelief.
text: Slowly they inch their way towards Horus.
text: Daniel stands there, frozen. He's never killed a man before
dialog: and can't believe he just has.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Well, what are we waiting for?
text: Slowly Sari walks over to him, easing Daniel's weapon down.
text: She and Kawalsky slowly turn Daniel back and escort him up
text: the hill towards the caravan. Kasuf and the workers push
text: past them, moving closer to Horus.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - HORUS
text: Stone cold dead, a trickle of blood runs out his mouth. The
text: workers stare at him, completely shocked.
text: Kasuf turns just in time to watch the caravan disappear over
dialog: the dunes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE CRAFT WINDOW BALCONY - PYRAMID - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Looking out over the desert, Ra scans the horizon. Gently
text: he strokes a black cat curled over his arm.
scene_heading: RA'S P.0.V. - CARAVAN
text: Climbing over the dunes we SEE the caravan making its way
text: towards the pyramid.
scene_heading: INT. RA'S SARCOPHAGUS ROOM - SAME
text: Ra turns back from the window and signals two Horus who move
text: over to a large silver platter. On the platter we SEE some
dialog: of the soldier's weapons, books, equipment and especially,
text: the disassembled NUCLEAR DEVICE.
text: They lift the platter and Ra watches them leave the room.
scene_heading: INT. RA'S PALACE - THRONE ROOM - SAME
text: The two Horus march over to the medallion carrying the silver
text: platter, the circular door sliding shut behind them.
dialog: 290
dialog: 291
dialog: 292
dialog: 293
dialog: 294
dialog: 295
dialog: 296
dialog: 297
speaker_heading: 298
speaker_heading: 299
dialog: 300
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID - LATE AFTERNOON 295
text: The caravan makes its way over the last dune heading towards
text: the entrance to the pyramid. The team walks with hoods
text: covering their heads, identities hidden.
scene_heading: INT. PYRAMID - STARGATE ROOM - SAME 296
text: We HEAR the medallion ignite, its lights flooding the room.
text: The sound disappears as the two Horus guards march over to
text: the StarGate, placing the platter down in front of it.
text: They turn and march towards the pyramid entrance.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID ENTRANCE - SAME 297
text: The first cart arrives at the base of the ramp and Skaara
text: unties Daniel's Mastadge, pulling it aside.
text: Skaara waves the cart ahead. The cart is PULLED up the stair
dialog: by its SIX workers.
text: As the cart slowly crawls up the ramp, the two Horus guards
text: appear at the entrance door, waiting.
text: Separated from Daniel, the Mastadge below MOANS, tugging at
text: its restraints trying to follow the cart. Skaara struggles
dialog: to calm the animal.
text: Frightened of being given away, none of the workers react to
text: the Mastadge. Heads bowed, they continue to PUSH the cart.
text: A second cart follows the first up the stairs.
scene_heading: ANGLE - RA - WINDOW/BALCONY 298
text: Towering above them, Ra stands out on his balcony, looking
text: down at the carts below.
scene_heading: ANGLE - HORUS GUARDS 299
text: Horus #3 glances down at Skaara, suspicious. The first cart
text: reaches the top of the stairs. Suddenly Horus BARKS out a
text: command, stopping the cart.
text: Skaara looks up worriedly. The Mastadge MOANING.
text: Horus walks slowly around the first cart, all the workers
text: keeping their heads bowed. Finally, he waves it through.
speaker_heading: SKAARA 300
text: breathes a sigh of relief and looks over to Kawalsky and
text: Feretti who peer out from beneath their hoods. But when the
text: cart disappears through the door the Mastadge HOWLS.
speaker_heading: 301
dialog: 302
dialog: 303
dialog: 304
dialog: 105.
text: Horus #3 shoots a look back down at the Mastadge. The first
text: cart clears the doorway and enters the pyramid when suddenly
text: Horus signals his guards who FOLLOW IT inside.
scene_heading: ANGLE - RA - PALACE BALCONY 301
text: Once they enter below, Ra reaches over, touching a control
text: panel in the wall next to him. He PUSHES a small button.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID ENTRANCE - SAME 302
text: Suddenly a huge STONE door begins to SLIDE DOWN, SEALING off
text: the entrance. As the door SHUTS Skaara looks up, frightened.
text: Feretti turns to Kawalsky, panicked.
speaker_heading: FERETTI
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: What's happening?
scene_heading: INT. PYRAMID - ENTRANCE ROOM - THE SAME 303
text: As the huge entrance door SLAMS SHUT the two Horus guards
text: surround the cart. A third Horus (#4) enters from behind.
text: Horus #3 BARKS out a command but no one moves. Horus #2
text: walks over to the workers. Is it Daniel? He PULLS down the
text: first hood revealing a frightened SHEPHERD BOY.
text: Horus #2 THROWS him to the floor as he moves closer to the
dialog: next worker.
text: Horus #3, weapon trained, eyes the lot with suspicion as his
text: partner nears the next in line. He reaches up and PULLS
text: DOWN her hood, revealing SARI, her long hair falling to her
dialog: shoulders.
text: Horus #2 is taken off guard by finding a woman. He lifts
text: his weapon.
text: BURSTING OUT OF THE QUARTZ PILE, Daniel and O'Neil LIFT OUT
text: their WEAPONS and FIRE. At the same moment, the rest of the
text: Shepherd boys GRAB WEAPONS and FIRE.
text: The bullets KNOCK Horus #2 BACKWARDS, but it's Daniel's POWER
text: BURST from the alien weapon that BLOWS Horus #2 to PIECES.
text: The other two FIRE BACK, taking cover behind pillars. One
text: of the Shepherd boys is hit, goes DOWN.
text: Daniel grabs Sari, pulling her behind the cover of the cart.
text: The Shepherd boys kneel behind cover, FIRING.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID ENTRANCE - SAME 304
text: At the sound of the gunfire, Kawalsky RIPS a large BEAM of
text: wood from the side of the second cart.
dialog: 305
dialog: 306
dialog: 307
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: We've got to get that door back open!
text: Feretti and the Shepherd boys help him JAM the wood under
text: the door, trying to LIFT the huge entrance door. It doesn't
dialog: budge.
scene_heading: ANGLE - RA - BALCONY - SAME 305
text: Ra watches the panic below, an amused smile crosses his lips.
scene_heading: INT. PYRAMID - ENTRANCE ROOM - SAME 306
text: The guards lay down tremendous FIRE POWER, blowing chunks
text: out of the walls, RIPPING into the cart. Another of the
text: Shepherd boys takes a shot, falling to the floor, injured.
text: O'Neil DASHES from his position moving behind another pillar.
text: Separated, Daniel turns and SEES a path to the hallway is
dialog: clear.
text: Crawling low, one of the Guards makes his way around the
text: side of the room. He peers out from his position and SEES...
scene_heading: GUARD'S P.O.V. - DANIEL 307
text: His back to him, Daniel is a clear target. The guard raises
text: his weapon and takes aim.
text: Sari, following him, SEES the guard leaning out from behind
text: a pillar. She SCREAMS OUT and tries to PUSH Daniel out of
text: harm's way. Daniel turns slowly towards her just as the
text: guard FIRES. Sari STEPS IN THE WAY, taking the SHOT intended
dialog: for Daniel.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: No!
text: As Sari falls, Daniel spins and FIRES, BLOWING THE GUARD
text: AWAY. Daniel reaches down cradling Sari. She stares up at
text: Daniel, the life slowly leaving her eyes.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Sari! No.
text: Suddenly the door leading to the grand gallery and StarGate
text: begins to CLOSE. Pinned down at the opposite end of the
text: Hall, O'Neil sees this and yells across to Daniel.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Jackson, get to the gate!
text: Daniel looks up, SEES the door closing.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL (CONT'D)
dialog: Jackson!
dialog: 308
speaker_heading: 308A
speaker_heading: 308B
speaker_heading: 308C
speaker_heading: 308D
dialog: 309
dialog: 310
dialog: 107.
text: Daniel lifts Sari in his arms. Seeing Daniel MOVE O'Neil
text: steps out and FIRES, laying down cover. At the last possible
text: moment before the door seals, Daniel makes it inside leaving
text: O'Neil behind, trapped.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID - ENTRANCE - SAME 308
text: Skaara leads three other boys around the side of the pyramid
text: over to the window. Skaara climbs up, looks inside.
scene_heading: INT. PYRAMID ENTRANCE HALL - SAME 308A
text: O'Neil steps out from behind a column and FIRES. He SEES
text: Skaara looking in from the window. O'Neil waves Skaara away.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Go! Get out of here! Go home!
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID - WINDOW - SAME 308B
text: About to crawl inside, Skaara looks up and SEES two GLIDERS
text: coming from around this side of the pyramid. Suddenly one
text: of them FIRES. Skaara LEAPS out of the way.
scene_heading: INT. PYRAMID ENTRANCE HALL - SAME 308C
text: O'Neil looks back up just as an EXPLOSION rips up the window
text: where Skaara had been. Thinking Skaara has been killed,
text: O'Neil steps out FIRING MADLY.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID - SAME 308D
text: Skaara and the boys have to RACE for cover and the sand
text: explodes around them, the Gliders overhead.
scene_heading: ANGLE - KAWALSKY AND FERETTI 309
text: As they try and lift, the wood beams SPLINTER under the
text: weight. Suddenly another TWO GLIDERS come from around the
text: other direction, FIRING at the platform.
text: The soldiers and Shepherd boys SCATTER as the now FOUR GLIDERS
text: begin to bombard the front of the pyramid.
scene_heading: ANGLE - RA - WINDOW BALCONY 310
text: Watching the mayhem below, Ra turns and nods to Anubis across
text: the room. Anubis bows and exits. Turning the opposite
text: direction, Ra leaves.
text: As he passes, the children quickly move over to the window.
text: Confused and frightened, the children stare down at the action
dialog: below.
speaker_heading: 311
dialog: 312
dialog: 313
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND GALLERY - TRAVELING P.O.V. - SAME 311
text: The door at the top of the gallery is CLOSING. Quickly we
text: RACE towards it, running full speed.
scene_heading: INT. STARGATE ROOM - SAME 312
text: Sari in his arms, Daniel just makes it inside as the door
text: behind him SLAMS DOWN, sealing the room. Exhausted and out
text: of breath, Daniel drops to his knees before the StarGate
text: holding Sari tightly.
speaker_heading: SARI
dialog: Dan-el?
text: Daniel looks down to Sari who smiles up at him tenderly.
text: Gently her eyes roll back as her life leaves her. She dies
text: in his arms.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Sari...!
text: But it's too late. Stunned, he stands there, just a few
text: feet away from the StarGate. So close. Tears well in his
dialog: eyes.
text: Suddenly behind him, the medallion begins to ACTIVATE, the
text: laser beginning its trace around the perimeter. Daniel has
dialog: to make a decision; save himself or take a gigantic chance
text: for Sari. He decides.
text: Quickly he STEPS ONTO THE MEDALLION just before the laser
text: seals the perimeter. As the laser completes its cylinder we
text: SEE a piece of Sari's dress get CAUGHT outside the cylinder.
text: The cloth is SEVERED. Gently it sails to the floor.
text: We FOLLOW the cloth to the ground. Behind it we SEE the
text: last of Daniel's image disappear, a GUARD'S FOOT taking his
text: place. The foot walks off the medallion stepping on the
dialog: cloth.
text: We PAN UP to reveal ANUBIS. The doors leading out re-open
text: and Anubis makes his way towards the entrance hall.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL - SAME 313
text: The last of the guards steps out from behind one of the
text: pillars when BLAM, he gets blasted by O'Neil. O'Neil rushes
text: over to one of the fallen Shepherd boys. Too late, he's
text: gone. Frustrated O'Neil moves to the closed front door,
text: searching for something that could open it. Nothing.
text: Suddenly, behind him, the door to the ground gallery begins
text: to LIFT OPEN. O'Neil dashes for the cover of a pillar as
text: Anubis slowly makes his way into the room.
speaker_heading: 314
dialog: 315
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID - SAME 314
text: An EXPLOSION rips up the sand as the four Gliders STRAFE
text: from above. The Shepherd boys rush for cover all over the
text: front of the entrance, separated.
text: Racing down the ramp another EXPLOSION HITS, ripping up the
text: stairs killing one of the Shepherd boys. Skaara FIRES his
text: rifle at the passing Gliders as he reaches the sand.
text: At the side of the platform, Kawalsky and Feretti take cover
text: at the side of the closed door.
speaker_heading: FERETTI
dialog: We're getting slaughtered out here.
dialog: We've got to do something.
text: Kawalsky SEES one of the carts standing between the obelisks.
text: Suddenly Kawalsky TAKES OFF RUNNING.
speaker_heading: FERETTI (CONT'D)
dialog: Kawalsky!
text: But Kawalsky keeps going. Two GLIDERS BANK, spotting him.
text: As Kawalsky runs down the ramp, the Gliders DIVE shooting at
text: him, ripping up the rampway. Kawalsky, nearly hit, keeps
dialog: going.
text: Feretti sees Kawalsky heading towards one of the fallen carts.
text: Taking cue, Feretti RUNS out after him. Heroically, Kawalsky
text: LIFTS up the re-enforced bottom of the cart, dragging it
text: back towards another cart, the sand EXPLODING around him.
text: Skaara rushes over to help. Kawalsky and Feretti turn over
text: the carts, making a small fortress between the obelisks.
text: Skaara WAVES for the others to come and take cover.
text: The other boys DASH out from their positions, racing for the
text: cover of the toppled carts, POWER BURSTS blasting all over.
text: Skaara screams out for the last of the Shepherd boys who
text: RUNS, full speed. Just before he gets there, BLAST, he's
text: knocked off his feet, laying sprawled out over the sand.
text: Devastated, Skaara stares at his fallen friend. Kawalsky
text: SEES this and eases Skaara back down below the safety of the
text: barricade.
scene_heading: INT. SARCOPHAGUS ROOM - SAME 315
text: Carrying Sari, Daniel walks into the sarcophagus room. He
text: lays Sari's lifeless body down in the open sarcophagus. As
text: he steps back the sarcophagus slowly CLOSES around her.
text: Overcome with emotion, Daniel moves back, waiting, helpless.
dialog: 316
speaker_heading: 317
speaker_heading: 317A
speaker_heading: 317B
speaker_heading: 318
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: INT. RA'S PRIVATE CHAMBER - SAME 316
text: Opening his jewelry box, Ra retrieves the ring and disk he
text: used to dispose his guard. Slowly he places it over his
text: finger, adjusting the disk in the palm of his hand.
scene_heading: INT. PYRAMID - ENTRANCE ROOM - SAME 317
text: Anubis stands over two of his fallen comrades. He lifts his
text: weapon, scanning the area. Suddenly he SEES O'Neil, laying
text: on the ground. Anubis kicks the body, nothing. Just as
text: Anubis is about to move on, TRIP, O'Neil GRABS his leg.
text: Anubis hits the floor, HARD. O'Neil LEAPS on top of him,
text: hitting the button on Anubis' collar. The protective mask
speaker_heading: VANISHES.
text: And PUNCH, O'Neil slams his fist into Anubis' face, knocking
text: him unconscious. O'Neil quickly gets up and takes off running
dialog: for the StarGate.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID ENTRANCE - SAME 317A
text: The four Gliders are circling above, BOMBARDING the barricade
text: below. The Shepherd boys are ducked down as Kawalsky turns
dialog: to Feretti.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: We've got to concentrate all our
text: firepower at the same target.
text: Just then one of the GLIDERS swoops down from over the
text: entrance, straight towards him. Kawalsky points to the
text: Glider. The Shepherd boys understand and they all lift their
text: weapons at the same time.
text: As the Glider DIVES DOWN, Kawalsky, Feretti, Skaara and the
text: boys all STAND and OPEN FIRE.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - GLIDER 317B
text: A BARRAGE of bullets SLAM into the Glider. It SWERVES wildly,
text: its wing SMASHING into the top of the obelisk. The Glider
text: SPINS out of control, disappearing over the dune.
text: In a gigantic FIREBALL, the Glider EXPLODES as it crashes
text: behind the dune. The Shepherd boys CHEER!
scene_heading: INT. SPACE CRAFT - THRONE CHAMBER - SAME 318
text: Through the doorway, we SEE Daniel stepping backwards. In
text: the foreground we SEE Ra step into view. Surprised to see
text: Daniel, Ra watches Daniel for a moment, fascinated.
speaker_heading: 319
dialog: 320
dialog: 141.
scene_heading: INT. SARCOPHAGUS ROOM - SAME 319
text: Daniel waits, helpless as Ra enters. Slowly Ra encircles
text: him, studying him. Daniel tries to keep his distance as Ra
text: moves around him. Suddenly Ra stops, a puzzled look on his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: RA
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: Why? Why would you come here now?
text: Slowly Ra turns away from Daniel, looking over at his
text: sarcophagus. When he looks back and sees the frightened
text: look on Daniel's face, he realizes he's hit it. Slowly he
text: moves towards the sarcophagus.
text: Daniel RUNS towards him to stop him. He LUNGES at Ra, but
text: SLAMS into the invisible shield, falling backwards. Ra stops,
text: looks back to Daniel through the rippling waves of his shield,
text: superior and unstoppable.
text: As Daniel tries to recover he SEES, Ra running his hand over
text: the sarcophagus.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: No!
text: The sarcophagus slowly OPENS revealing Sari. Ra turns back
text: to Daniel, surprised and intrigued.
speaker_heading: RA
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: How romantic.
text: As Ra moves back towards Daniel we SEE Sari's eyes flutter
text: open. Not yet fully healed, yet life restored.
speaker_heading: RA (CONT'D)
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: You will die together.
text: Menacingly, Ra makes his way closer to Daniel. Slowly he
text: LIFTS his hand, exposing the DISK in his palm. Gracefully
text: he PUSHES through the shield, his hand moving towards Daniel
text: who stumbles backward as he retreats.
scene_heading: INT. STARGATE ROOM - SAME 320
text: O'Neil rushes into the room, looking around for Daniel. He
text: SEES a puddle of blood on the floor, leading over to the
text: medallion, Sari's torn cloth laying next to it. O'Neil
text: believes Daniel is lost. Suddenly O'Neil SEES something
text: across the room.
speaker_heading: 321
dialog: 322
dialog: 323
speaker_heading: 324
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: O'NEIL'S P.O.V. - SILVER TRAY 321
text: At the side of the room, the silver tray with the soldiers
text: equipment and the DISMANTLED BOMB.
text: His opportunity before him, O'Neil is torn; complete his
text: mission and re-assemble the bomb or wait for the others. He
dialog: doesn't know what to do.
scene_heading: INT. SARCOPHAGUS ROOM - SAME 322
text: Daniel is backing away as Ra keeps moving towards him,
text: unrelenting. As Daniel retreats he looks down and SEES...
scene_heading: DANIEL'S P.0.V. - SHIELD POWER SOURCE 323
text: At Ra's feet Daniel sees four small pyramids which float an
text: inch above the ground, creating the shield. The floor is
text: exposed. Daniel gets an idea.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: Please, don't hurt her. Please.
text: Suddenly Daniel drops down, bowing before Ra.
speaker_heading: RA
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: Too late for that.
text: Daniel peeks up from the floor just in time to SEE Ra walk
text: across the thin fabric which hangs down from the walls.
text: Ra's feet crush over the fine cloth as he steps over, clearly
text: the shield does not cover the ground.
text: Seizing the moment, Daniel quickly GRABS at the fabric and
text: RUNS towards the sarcophagus. As he MOVES the fabric WRAPS
text: around Ra's ankles. As Ra spins to follow, he trips up. He
text: and his shield TUMBLE to the floor.
text: Daniel leaps to his feet. He races to Sari's side, lifting
text: her out of the sarcophagus and rushing out of the room.
text: Through the rippling waves of his shield we SEE Ra, seething
text: with anger. Slowly he gets back to his feet.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID - SAME 324
text: The numbers of the Shepherd boys are dwindling from the
text: intense BOMBING from the remaining three Gliders. As another
text: Glider makes a PASS, again Kawalsky leads the boys to FIRE.
text: Suddenly, Skaara runs out of ammunition. Quickly, weapons
text: begin to CLICK, empty all around him.
text: Slowly Kawalsky and Feretti run out of ammunition as well.
text: The Glider passes over and BLASTS into the barricade.
dialog: 325
speaker_heading: 326
speaker_heading: 327
speaker_heading: 328
speaker_heading: 329
dialog: 330
dialog: 113.
text: Several other Shepherd boys are injured.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: Damn it!
speaker_heading: THE GLIDERS 325
text: break formation, banking away from the fortification. At
text: first they're hopeful that the battle is over. They are
text: quickly deflated when they SEE...
text: Not too far away, the Gliders LAND on the dunes.
scene_heading: INT. STARGATE ROOM - SAME 326
text: Just as O'Neil kneels down next to the dismantled bomb, Anubis
text: appears at the doorway.
text: Anubis COCKS the weapon open. Just as he FIRES, O'Neil LIFTS
text: the silver platter, using it as a SHIELD. It DEFLECTS the
text: power burst, bending it in half.
text: O'Neil FLINGS the tray at Anubis and CHARGES, SLAMMING him
text: against the wall, his weapon dropping.
text: Locked in mortal combat, the two warriors struggle.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNES - SKAARA AND SHEPHERD BOYS 327
text: The Gliders have landed on top of the dunes. One of the
text: Guards, YELLS OUT, commanding a surrender.
text: Slowly some of the Shepherd boys climb out from behind the
text: toppled carts, throwing their weapons aside. Skaara tries
text: to stop them as they leave.
text: Even Feretti bows his head in defeat as Kawalsky chucks his
text: weapon away in frustration.
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - SAME 328
text: Sari in his arms, Daniel rushes across the room over to the
text: medallion. Frightened, Daniel searches for some way to turn
text: it on. As Daniel looks up he SEES...
speaker_heading: RA 329
text: Marching straight towards Daniel and Sari. Coming closer,
dialog: closer...
scene_heading: INT. STARGATE ROOM - SAME 330
text: O'Neil and Anubis are locked in mortal combat. Anubis with
text: the upper hand gets on top of O'Neil, pummeling him with
text: savage blows to the head. O'Neil, pinned.
dialog: 331
dialog: 332
dialog: 333
dialog: 334
dialog: 335
dialog: 114.
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - MEDALLION SECTION - SAME 331
text: Ra has reached Daniel and Sari. Slowly he LIFTS his hand
text: and PUSHES through his shield, exposing it to Daniel. He
text: moves his hand close to Daniel's head.
speaker_heading: RA
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: I am no longer amused.
text: Behind him we SEE the children arrive, watching helplessly.
scene_heading: INT. STARGATE ROOM - SAME 332
text: Anubis swings, O'Neil catching his hand. Suddenly he MONKEY
text: FLIPS Anubis OVER his head, sending him sprawling. Anubis
text: rolls to a stop at the edge of the Medallion, his HEAD landing
text: ONTO THE MEDALLION'S SURFACE.
text: O'Neil LEAPS on top of him, pinning him down. Anubis grabs
text: for his weapon. O'Neil SLAMS Anubis' arm back to the floor.
text: As Anubis' wrist device hits the floor, the medallion suddenly
text: ACTIVATES, the laser beginning to form the cylinder.
text: O'Neil is shocked. Realizing, he holds Anubis down.
scene_heading: INT. RA'S CRAFT - MEDALLION ROOM - SAME 333
text: Ra lifts his hand above Daniel. His head begins to DISTORT,
text: particles SHIFTING. Daniel SCREAMS OUT in agony. Suddenly
text: the LASER begins to form the cylinder around the medallion.
text: Through his pain, Daniel SEES this and GRABS RA'S WRIST.
text: With his foot against the base of Ra's shield, he keeps Ra
text: off the medallion while holding his arm inside.
text: With every bit of strength Daniel can gather, he holds tight
text: through his torture. The laser encircles the medallion,
dialog: sealing.
text: Unable to pull free, RA'S HAND IS CAUGHT IN THE CYLINDER.
text: His eyes go wide with panic. Suddenly the BEAM ACTIVATES.
text: Ra SCREAMS OUT as his hand is severed.
scene_heading: INT. STARGATE ROOM - SAME 334
text: O'Neil's eyes go wide as he SEES... The cylinder SEALS UP,
text: SEVERING ANUBIS' HEAD. O'Neil jumps back away from the
text: headless body.
scene_heading: INT. RA'S CRAFT - MEDALLION ROOM SAME 335
text: Daniel looks up at the shocked Ra as he, Sari and RA'S HAND
text: are BEAMED downward. Just as they disappear, the HEAD OF
text: ANUBIS, arrives in their place. Ra can't believe his eyes.
dialog: 336
dialog: 337
speaker_heading: 338
speaker_heading: 339
dialog: 340
dialog: 341
dialog: 342
dialog: 115.
text: Clutching his severed wrist, Ra SCREAMS OUT in terrible pain
text: and frustration. He turns towards the children, yelling at
text: them to come. Frightened, they back away from him.
text: Furious, Ra STORMS past them, clutching at his wrist.
scene_heading: INT. STARGATE ROOM - SAME
text: O'Neil looks over to see the unconscious Daniel and Sari
text: laying on the medallion.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNES - SKAARA GUARDS - SUNSET
text: As the three guards approach, weapons aimed, Skaara turns to
text: Kawalsky for help. Kawalsky knows all is lost and raises
text: his hands in surrender. Feretti does the same. The boys,
text: reluctantly follow their lead.
text: Slowly they come out from behind their barricade,
text: surrendering.
scene_heading: ANGLE - DUNES - GUARDS AND SHEPHERD BOYS
text: Just as they are about to reach the Guards, a LONE CRY is
text: heard off in the distance.
text: The Guards look around when suddenly Kasuf APPEARS at the
text: top of the dunes. He lifts his arms and SCREAMS OUT a
text: COMMAND. Suddenly...
scene_heading: THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE
text: Appearing at the top of every dune. The Guards turn just as
text: Kasuf SCREAMS OUT a BATTLE CRY.
text: Rushing over the dunes, from every direction, all the workers
text: and townspeople run towards the Guards, SCREAMING OUT.
speaker_heading: KASUF
text: leads the CHARGE. With primitive TOOLS, MINING EQUIPMENT
text: and make-shift weapons, the people ATTACK.
text: The Guards FIRE, killing several but they are TOTALLY
text: OUTNUMBERED. Before they can escape they are OVERRUN, MOBBED.
scene_heading: INT. SARCOPHAGUS ROOM - SAME
text: Shivering with PAIN, Ra moves to his sarcophagus. Suddenly
text: the SOUND of THOUSANDS OF VOICES draws his attention. He
text: moves over to a window behind the sarcophagus and SEES...
scene_heading: RA'S P.O.V. - OUT WINDOW - BATTLE BELOW
text: His guards overrun, a riotous mob outside. Stunned, Ra can't
text: believe what he's seeing. Furious he makes his way over to
text: the many PEDESTALS.
dialog: 336
dialog: 337
speaker_heading: 338
speaker_heading: 339
dialog: 340
dialog: 341
dialog: 342
speaker_heading: 343
speaker_heading: 344
dialog: 345
speaker_heading: 346
speaker_heading: 347
speaker_heading: 348
dialog: 116.
text: Frantically he lays his one hand over many of them ina
dialog: specific sequence.
text: Suddenly the entire CRAFT begins to RUMBLE, coming to life.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID KASUF AND SKAARA SUNSET 343
text: In the center of the chaos, Skaara stops, listening. Soon
text: the RUMBLE grows LOUD. Slowly everyone STOPS, turning towards
dialog: the pyramid.
text: Kawalsky and Feretti, also freeze, looking upwards.
text: Astonished they hold back their triumph as they SEE...
scene_heading: PYRAMID AND CRAFT - SUNSET 344
text: The craft begins to FOLD UP, preparing for the launch, BLASTS
text: of AIR shooting from the sides.
scene_heading: INT. STARGATE ROOM - SAME 345
text: Daniel is unconscious, Sari is not much better. As she
text: cradles him in her arms the room suddenly begins to SHAKE.
text: O'Neil gets up and bolts for the NUCLEAR DEVICE.
text: Quickly O'Neil begins to assemble it.
scene_heading: EXT. PYRAMID - SUNSET 346
text: Ra's Space Craft begins to LIFT OFF. The HARSH WINDS BLOWING.
text: Slowly the CRAFT leaves the pyramid, sailing upwards into
dialog: the sky.
scene_heading: ANGLE - KAWALSKY, SKAARA AND FERETTI 347
text: Seeing the craft retreating, they CHEER, the harsh winds
text: kicking up the sand.
scene_heading: INT. STARGATE ROOM - SAME 348
text: Daniel begins to wake in the violent shaking of the room.
text: Through his haziness he SEES O'Neil putting the bomb back
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: No.
text: With all his energy, Daniel pulls himself up, moving closer
dialog: to O'Neil.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: No! We won! He's leaving!
text: O'Neil CLICKS the last part of the bomb in place. A RED
text: LIGHT turns ON at the top of the device, a COUNTER starts
text: CLICKING DOWN. Slowly O'Neil turns back to Daniel.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: And he won't be coming back.
scene_heading: 349 INT. RA'S CHAMBER - SAME 349
text: His wrist wrapped in his robe, Ra has finished the takeoff
text: sequence. His eyes filled with tears of humiliation, Ra
text: YELLS out to the children but they do not come. Frustrated,
text: Ra moves to the edge of the doorway and CALLS OUT to the
dialog: children.
text: He turns and SEES the children have gathered onto the
text: medallion, huddled close, fear in their eyes. Angrily, Ra
text: yells over to them.
speaker_heading: RA
dialog: (betrayed; subtitled)
dialog: You can not leave me!
text: Suddenly the medallion ACTIVATES, the children begin to
text: disappear. Ra SCREAMS OUT with anger and betrayal. The
text: children vanish. In their place Ra SEES...
scene_heading: 350 THE NUCLEAR DEVICE 350
text: Sitting on top of the medallion is THE NUCLEAR DEVICE.
text: The digital clock on its side reads: 6... 5... 4 Ra's eyes
dialog: go wide.
scene_heading: 351 EXT. PYRAMID - SUNSET 351
text: The Shepherd boys LOOK UP to the sky just as the craft
text: DISAPPEARS, out of the stratosphere. At the point of
text: disappearance, the craft is replaced with a BRILLIANT FLASH
text: OF WHITE LIGHT. Suddenly the sky IGNITES with COLORS.
text: The ROAR of a NUCLEAR EXPLOSION.
scene_heading: 352 ANGLE - PYRAMID ENTRANCE 352
text: Daniel, O'Neil and Sari emerge from the pyramid. From the
text: top of the stairs they watch the most amazing light show
dialog: ever.
text: O'Neil and Daniel share a smile.
text: Through the doorway behind them we SEE Ra's "children"
text: squinting as they walk out into the daylight.
scene_heading: 353 ANGLE - SKAARA AND SHEPHERD BOYS 353
text: Skaara and the Shepherd boys come rushing up to O'Neil.
text: Kawalsky and Feretti walking up behind them. Skaara stops
text: before him. O'Neil turns to him, waiting.
speaker_heading: 354
speaker_heading: 355
dialog: 356
speaker_heading: 357
speaker_heading: 358
speaker_heading: 358A
speaker_heading: 358B
dialog: 118.
text: He lifts his hand SALUTING O'Neil. Slowly O'Neil begins to
dialog: smile.
text: One by one, the rest of the Shepherd boys SALUTE.
text: O'Neil stands to attention. Finally he proudly lifts his
text: hand and returns the gesture. Kawalsky and Feretti share a
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - PEOPLE 354
text: Below them THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE surround the base of the ramp.
scene_heading: ANGLE - ENTRANCE PLATFORM 355
text: Daniel, O'Neil, Sari, Skaara and Kasuf turn towards the masses
text: below. Skaara grabs Daniel's hand and LIFTS HIS FIST into
dialog: the air.
scene_heading: A THOUSAND FISTS 356
text: All at once a THOUSAND FISTS are RAISED with a loud CHEER,
text: THE BATTLE CRY repeated. Daniel is overwhelmed with emotion.
speaker_heading: THE MASTADGE 357
text: Pushing through the crowd, the Mastadge ROARS OUT to Daniel.
text: Daniel laughs, turns to Sari and HUGS HER TIGHT.
scene_heading: WIDER SHOT OF SURROUNDING AREA 358
text: All the Shepherd boys, their arms lifted above their heads.
text: The CHEER CONTINUES as we pull back wider and wider.
scene_heading: THE STARGATE - DETAIL 358A
text: Just as the last symbol moves into place, the ring IGNITING.
scene_heading: WIDEN TO REVEAL:
scene_heading: INT. STARGATE ROOM - PYRAMID - SAME 358B
text: Feretti, Kawalsky and O'Neil prepare to enter the gate.
text: Skaara and Daniel move close. O'Neil holds his hand out for
text: Skaara. Skaara stares at the hand for a beat. Slowly he
text: reaches out and shakes hands with O'Neil.
speaker_heading: FERETTI
dialog: (to Daniel)
dialog: I always knew you'd get us back.
text: Daniel smiles as Kawalsky laughs.
speaker_heading: KAWALSKY
dialog: You sure you wanna do this?
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: They need me right now. I've got to
dialog: stay.
text: Daniel nods. O'Neil moves over to Daniel, shakes his hand.
text: There's an awkward pause.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: You gonna be alright?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I'll be fine. You?
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: Yeah. I think so.
text: Daniel reaches over and hands something to O'Neil. He looks
text: down and sees the GOLDEN SUN DISK in his hand.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Tell Catherine it brought me luck.
speaker_heading: O'NEIL
dialog: I will.
text: O'Neil turns and joins his men as they STEP THROUGH THE GATE,
text: disappearing. Skaara waving goodbye as they go.
scene_heading: 358C EXT. SAND DUNES - SMALL CARAVAN - LATER 358C
text: The last of the three suns SETS as Daniel and Sari lead a
text: caravan away from the pyramid over the dune. The Mastadge
text: HOWLS out his beautiful CRY.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: END PART ONE
dialog: 
