text: STRANGERS ON A TRAIN
dialog: by
dialog: Raymond Chandler and Czenzi Ormonde
speaker_heading: FINAL DRAFT
dialog: October 18, 1950
scene_heading: Converted to PDF by SCREENTALK
scene_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY
dialog: www.screentalk.org
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. UNION STATION, WASHINGTON, D.C. DAY
text: LONG SHOT THE CAPITOL DOME IN THE B.G. AND THE AUTOMOBILE
scene_heading: ENTRANCE TO THE STATION IN THE F.G. LOW CAMERA
text: Activity of cars and taxis arriving and discharging passengers
text: with luggage, busy redcaps, etcetera.
text: We FOCUS on a taxi pulling up and stopping, The driver hands
text: out modest looking luggage, including a bunch of tennis
text: rackets in cases to a redcap. CAMERA PANS DOWN as the
text: passenger gets out of the taxi so that we see only his shoes
text: and the lower part of his trousers. He is wearing dark
text: colored brogues and a conservative suit apparently. The
text: feet move toward, the entrance to the station and out of
text: scene. Immediately a chauffeur-driven limousine drives up
text: and an expensive place of airplane luggage is handed out of
text: this, and the passenger alighting from the back is seen to
text: be wearing black and white sport shoes which, as before, are
text: all we see of him. The sport shoes start off in the wake of
text: the brogues.
scene_heading: INT. STATION LOBBY
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS the sport shoes and the brogues across the
text: lobby into a passenger tunnel. There is the usual activity
text: of passengers walking to and from, a loud-speaker announcing
dialog: trains, etc.
scene_heading: EXT. PASSENGER TUNNEL
text: As the brogues and the sport shoes emerge to the train
text: platform, CAMERA PANS them over to the steps of the train.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN
text: The brogues and the sport shoes pass separately down the
text: aisle, the sport shoes turning in at a compartment door and
text: the brogues continuing toward the parlor car.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR CAR (PROCESS)
text: The brogues come to rest before a chair as the owner sits
text: down. A moment later the sport shoes come to rest. before
text: in adjoining chair.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 2.
text: The legs belonging to the sport shoes stretch out, and one
text: of the shoes touches one of the brogues.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (over scene)
dialog: Oh, excuse Me!
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK AND UP to SHOW two young men seated in two
text: parlor car chairs. BRUN0 ANTHONY, the wearer of the sport
text: shoes, is about twenty-five. He wears his expensive clothes
text: with the tweedy nonchalance of a young man who has always
dialog: had the best. The wearer of the brogues is a fine looking
text: but, at the moment, a somewhat troubled young man. This is
text: GUY HAINES. He, too, is in his middle twenties and is well
text: dressed because he can now afford to be. He nods politely,
text: acknowledging Bruno's apology, then turns away with the
text: gesture implying he wants privacy.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (smiling with sudden
dialog: recognition)
dialog: I beg your pardon, but aren't you
dialog: Guy Haines.
text: Guy nods with a polite half smile. Being a well known
dialog: tournament tennis player, he has had this sort of experience
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (snapping his finger)
dialog: Sure! I saw you blast Faraday right
dialog: off the court in South Orange last
dialog: season. What a backhand! Made the
dialog: semi-finals, didn't you?
text: Guy acknowledges this with a modest nod and turns to his
text: magazine rolled up in is fist.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (with open admiration)
dialog: I certainly admire people who do
dialog: things.
dialog: (smiling and
dialog: introducing himself)
dialog: I'm Bruno Anthony. Bruno. See Guy
text: looks up. Bruno indicates his gold
text: tie pin which bears his name in cut-
text: out letters. Guy looks at it with
text: the faintest expression of disdain.
dialog: I suppose you think it's corny. But
dialog: my mother gave it to me so of course
dialog: I wear it to please her.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 3.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (patiently)(a faint
dialog: smile)
dialog: How do you do.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (with an apologetic
dialog: grin)
dialog: I don't usually talk so much. Go
text: Ahead and read.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: Thanks.
text: Guy tries to read but is uneasily aware of Bruno's open
text: appraisal.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: It must be pretty exciting to be so
dialog: important.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (fidgeting slightly)
dialog: A tennis player isn't so important.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: People who do things are important.
dialog: I never seem to do anything.
text: Not knowing how to answer this, Guy looks a little
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (still insistent on
dialog: being friendly)
dialog: I suppose you're going to Southampton --
dialog: for the doubles.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (politely)
dialog: You are a tennis fan.
text: Bruno is inordinately pleased by this small tribute.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Wish I could see you play. But I've
dialog: got to be back in Washington tomorrow.
dialog: I live in Arlington, you know.
text: He has taken out a cigarette case. Holds it out to Guy.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 4.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Cigarette?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Not now, thanks. I don't smoke much.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I smoke too much.
text: He fumbles for a match. Guy brings out a lighter and hands
dialog: it to Bruno.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Thanks.
text: (he stares at the
dialog: lighter, impressed)
dialog: Elegant.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT OF THE LIGHTER
text: Showing that it has the insignia of crossed rackets embossed
text: on it, and underneath is engraved the inscription: "To G
dialog: from A".
speaker_heading: BRUNO'S VOICE
dialog: (reading)
dialog: To G from A. Bet I can guess who A
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: WIDER SHOT
text: Guy reacts sharply.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Anne Burton. Sometimes I turn the
dialog: sport page and look at the society
dialog: news. And the pictures. She's very
text: beautiful, Senator Burton's daughter.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: You're quite a reader, Mr. Anthony.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Yes, I am. Ask me anything, from
dialog: today's stock reports to Li'l Abner,
dialog: and I got the answer.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 5.
speaker_heading: BRUNO (CONT'D)
dialog: Even news about people I don't know.
dialog: Like who'd like to marry whom when
text: his wife gets her divorce.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Perhaps you read too much.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (contritely)
dialog: There I go again. Too friendly. I
dialog: meet someone I' like and open my yap
dialog: too wide. I'm sorry...
text: At the appeal on Bruno's face, Guy slowly relents.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: That's all right. Forget it. I
dialog: guess I'm pretty jumpy.
text: Bruno smiles with and signals a waiter.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: There's a new cure for that.
dialog: (to waiter)
text: Scotch and plain water. A pair.
dialog: Double.
dialog: (to Guy with a chuckle)
dialog: Only kind of doubles I play.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: You'll have to drink both of them.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: And I can do it.
dialog: (moving in)
dialog: When's the wedding?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: The wedding. You and Anne Burton.
dialog: (a gesture of
dialog: explanation)
dialog: It was in the papers.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: It shouldn't have been. Unless
dialog: they've legalized bigamy overnight.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 6.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I have a theory about that. I'd
dialog: like to tell you about it some time.
dialog: But right now I suppose divorce Is
dialog: still the simplest operation.
text: The waiter has brought the drinks. Bruno slips the lighter
text: into hip pocket to free his hands for the bills which he
text: gives to the waiter, waving away the change. He offers a
text: glass to Guy. Guy takes it.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (as if he needs it)
dialog: I guess I will.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (happily)
dialog: This is wonderful -- having your
dialog: company all the way to New York.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (forced to explain)
dialog: As a matter of fact, I'm not going
dialog: direct. I'm stopping off. At
dialog: Metcalf.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Metcalf? What would anybody want to
dialog: go there for?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: It's my home town.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Oh, I get it! A little talk with
dialog: your wife to about the divorce! I
dialog: suppose she was the girl next door.
text: Held her hand in high school and
dialog: before you knew it -- hooked!
dialog: (proud of his
dialog: perspicacity)
dialog: Am I right?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (laconically)
dialog: Close enough.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (raises his glass)
dialog: Well, here's luck, Guy. Drink up --
dialog: then we'll have some lunch sent to
dialog: my compartment.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 7.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Thanks very much. But I think I'll
dialog: go to the dining car.
dialog: (he hails a waiter
text: who is passing through
text: with a food-laden
dialog: tray)
dialog: Do you know if there are any vacant
dialog: seats in the dining car now?
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Not for about twenty minutes I'm
dialog: afraid, Sir.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: See? You'll have to lunch with me.
dialog: (motions the waiter
dialog: back)
dialog: Say, waiter, bring me some lamb chops
dialog: and French fries and chocolate ice
dialog: cream, Compartment D, Car 121.
dialog: (turns to Guy)
dialog: What'll you have, Guy?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Thanks just the same, but I really
dialog: don't think --
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Oh, go on and order.
text: The waiter is hovering impatiently. Guy gives in out of
dialog: embarrassment.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Well, I'll Just have a hamburger and
text: a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (delighted, lifts his
dialog: glass in another
dialog: toast)
text: To the next Mrs. Haines.
text: Guy nods curtly.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 8.
scene_heading: INT. BRUNO'S COMPARTMENT ON TRAIN (PROCESS)
text: Bruno and Guy are finishing lunch. Bruno has been drinking
text: and his eyes are bright and feverish. An almost empty liquor
text: bottle is near a couple of detective novels covered with
text: gaudily Illustrated dust jackets. Bruno has in unlighted
text: cigarette in his mouth. Guy's lighter is on the table.
text: Bruno snaps it a couple of times, as though fascinated, lights
text: his cigarette and puts the lighter on the table again.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Sure, I went to college. Three of
dialog: them. Every time they kicked me out
dialog: my father threw me back in.
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: He finally gave up. He thinks I'm
dialog: awfully small fry, not worth the
dialog: bait.
dialog: (wistfully)
dialog: You my friend, Guy?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Sure. I'm your friend, Bruno.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (a little woozy)
dialog: No, you're not, nobody thinks I'm
dialog: anything special. Only my mother.
dialog: (empties the bottle
dialog: into his glass)
dialog: My father hates me.
text: Guy smiles this off as nonsense.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: You must be imagining things.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (hitting the bottom
dialog: of the bottle for
dialog: the last drop)
dialog: And I hate him. He thinks I ought
dialog: to catch the eight-five bus every
text: morning, punch a timeclock and work
dialog: my way up selling paint or something.
dialog: Him -- with all his money!
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (amused by Bruno)
dialog: Well, what do you want to do?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: You mean before or after I kill him?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 9.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: Before, of course.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (leaning forward
dialog: eagerly)
dialog: I want to do everything. I got a
dialog: theory you're supposed to do
dialog: everything before you die. Have you
text: ever driven a car, blindfolded, at a
dialog: hundred and fifty miles an hour?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Not lately.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I did. I flew in a jet plans too.
text: (his hand traces a
text: swift streak through
dialog: the air, and he adds
dialog: sound effects)
dialog: Zzzzzzzp! Man, that's a thrill!
dialog: Almost blow the sawdust out of my
dialog: head. I'm going to make a reservation
text: on the first rocket to the moon...
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (amused and curious)
dialog: What are you trying prove?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I'm not like you, Guy. You're lucky.
dialog: You're smart. Marrying the boss's
dialog: daughter is a nice short cut to a
dialog: career, isn't it?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Marrying the senator's daughter has
dialog: nothing to do with it. Can't a fellow
dialog: look past a tennis not without being
dialog: a goldbricker?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Take it easy, boy. I'm your friend,
dialog: remember? I'd do anything for you.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (humoring Bruno)
dialog: Sure, Bruno, sure.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 10.
speaker_heading: GUY (CONT'D)
dialog: (glancing at his watch)
dialog: We'll be pulling in soon. I've got
dialog: to change trains.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: What'd you say her name was -- your
dialog: wife's?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Miriam.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: That's it. Miriam Joyce Haines.
dialog: Played around a lot, I suppose?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Let's not talk about it any more.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (almost hopefully)
dialog: Maybe she'll make more trouble for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I don't think so.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: You mean you got enough on her to
dialog: get your divorce no matter what?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Let's change subject, Bruno, can't
dialog: we?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Okay, Guy. Want me to tell you one
dialog: of my ideas for murdering my father?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (indicating the
dialog: detective novels)
dialog: You've been reading too many of these.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (going right on)
dialog: You want to hear about the busted
dialog: light socket in the bathroom, or the
dialog: carbon monoxide in the garage?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: No. I may be old fashioned, but I
dialog: thought murder was against the law.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 11.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: But not against the law of nature.
dialog: My theory is that everybody is a
dialog: potential murderer. Didn't you ever
dialog: want to kill somebody? Say one of
dialog: those useless fellows Miriam was
dialog: running around with?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: You can't go around killing people
dialog: just because you think they're
dialog: useless.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Oh, what's a life or two? Some people
dialog: are bitter off dead, Guy. Take your --
dialog: wife and my father, for instance.
dialog: It reminds me of a wonderful idea
dialog: had once. I used to put myself to
dialog: sleep at night -- figuring it out.
dialog: Now, let's say you want to get rid
dialog: of your wife.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Let's say she refuses to give you a
dialog: divorce --
text: (raises a finger and
dialog: stops Guy's protest)
dialog: Let's say. You'd be afraid to kill
dialog: her because you'd get caught. And
dialog: what would trip you up? Motive.
dialog: Now here's the plan...
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I'm afraid I haven't time to listen.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (ignoring the remark)
dialog: It's so simple, too. A couple of
dialog: fellows meet accidentally, like you
dialog: and me. No connection between them
dialog: at all. Never saw each other before.
dialog: Each of them has somebody he'd like
dialog: to get rid of, but he can't murder
text: the person he wants to get rid of.
dialog: He'll get caught. So they swap
dialog: murders.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Swap murders?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 12.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Each fellow does the other fellow's
dialog: murder. Then there is nothing to
dialog: connect them. The one who had the
dialog: motive isn't there. Each fellow
dialog: murders a total stranger. Like you
dialog: do my murder and I do yours.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (with relief)
dialog: We're coming into my station.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: For example, your wife, my father.
dialog: Criss-cross.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: We do talk the same language -- don't
dialog: we, Guy?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (preparing to leave)
dialog: Sure, we talk the same language.
dialog: Thanks for the lunch.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (beaming)
dialog: I'm glad you enjoyed it. I thought
text: the lamb chops were a little overdone
dialog: myself.
text: He holds out his hand. Guy is in a hurry but he shakes hands.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Nice meeting you, Bruno.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (detaining him at the
dialog: door)
dialog: You think my theory is okay, Guy?
dialog: You like it?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Sure, sure, Bruno. They're all okay.
text: (he salutes a quick
dialog: goodbye and hurries
dialog: away)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 13.
text: Left alone, Bruno picks up Guy's lighter from the table,
text: starts to call Guy back to hand It to him.Then he looks closer
text: at the insignia of crossed tennis rackets.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Criss-cross.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: A WIDE VIEW OF THE TOWN OF METCALF
scene_heading: METCALF RAILROAD STATION
text: as the train comes in.
scene_heading: THE TRAIN STATION PLATFORM MED. SHOT
text: As Guy gets off the with his suitcase and tennis rackets. A
text: baggage man with baggage truck is passing.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Hi, Bill.
speaker_heading: BAGGAGE MAN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Guy Haines! Good to too you, boy.
dialog: You be sure to win at Southampton
dialog: tomorrow, hear me? I've got two
dialog: dollars on your nose.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (indicating his
dialog: suitcase and rackets)
dialog: Then park these in a lucky spot for
dialog: a few hours, will you?
speaker_heading: BAGGAGE MAN
dialog: Sure thing.
text: He loads them onto a truck.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. METCALF STREET LONG SHOT
text: Guy is walking up the main street.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 14.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSIC SHOP
text: Typical music shop of a small town, with plate glass windows
dialog: and displays of radios, records, sheet music, etc. Activity
text: of a couple of customers and salespeople inside. Guy comes
text: along the street and goes into the shop.
scene_heading: INT. MUSIC SHOP
text: As Guy enters. There are the usual counters and shelves,
text: pianos and radios on display, and the sound of a piano being
text: tuned in the back of the store. MIRIAM is finishing with a
text: customer at a counter. MR. HARGREAVES, the manager, is busy
text: at the shelves. Another girl clerk is serving a customer.
text: In one of the glass cubicles where records are tried out, a
text: customer is playing symphonic music; in a second glass cubicle
text: another customer is listening to a record of popular music.
text: A third cubicle is empty. Activity of the street is seen
text: through the plate glass front.
text: Guy walks straight to Miriam, just as she is finishing with
text: her woman customer, handing over a small package.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (taking money from
dialog: customer)
dialog: Even change. Thank you, Madam.
text: (she looks up at Guy
text: as the woman moves
dialog: off)
dialog: Well -- hello, Guy.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: You're looking well, Miriam.
text: Miriam's face is pretty because it is still young. She is
text: self-centered and inclined to be vindictive. She wears
text: harlequin glasses with myopic lenses which tend to make her
text: eyes look small.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: So are you. You've got a nice tan,
dialog: playing tennis with all your rich
dialog: friends.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (ignoring the remark)
dialog: What time do we meet your lawyer?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (sly little smile)
dialog: What's your hurry?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 15.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: My hurry? That's funny, coming from
dialog: you! You're the one who's in a hurry,
dialog: aren't you?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (coyly)
dialog: When you wouldn't give me the divorce
dialog: right away, I sort of hoped it was
dialog: because you were a little bit jealous.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (biting)
dialog: I got over being jealous, a long
dialog: time ago Miriam.
text: Miriam's eyes slide toward the other girl clerk who has moved
text: closer, within listening range.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (indicating empty
dialog: glass cubicle)
dialog: Let's talk in there.
text: Guy follows Miriam across to the empty room. Miriam has
dialog: brought her purse along.
text: They enter.
scene_heading: INT. CUBICLE
text: Once inside, the sounds of the music playing from other parts
text: of the shop are heard but very faintly. The piano tuning
text: still goes on, but less stridently. Miriam and Guy are cooped
text: together in the close quarters.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (intimately)
dialog: Now this is cosier. Sort of like
dialog: old times, isn't it, Guy?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Oh, skip it, Miriam. It's pretty
text: late to start flirting with a
dialog: discarded husband. Especially when
dialog: you're going to have another man's
dialog: baby.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Do you know, I think you're handsomer
dialog: than ever?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 16.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Let's see your lawyer and get this
text: over with.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Did you bring the money, Guy? Lawyers
dialog: are expensive.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (taking money from
dialog: his wallet)
dialog: Here it is.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (taking the money
dialog: greedily)
dialog: If I'd known what all that tennis
dialog: nonsense of yours was going to lead
dialog: to, I wouldn't have run out on you.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: What are you trying to say, Miriam?
dialog: Come out with it.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (tucking the bills
dialog: away)
dialog: I'm not getting a divorce.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (tense and angry)
dialog: Why, you little doublecrosser. I
dialog: didn't want this divorce, you did.
dialog: That's what you've been harping about
dialog: for the past year.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: It's a woman's privilege to change
dialog: her mind... Now I can shop for some
dialog: pretty clothes. I wouldn't want you
dialog: to be ashamed of me in Washington
dialog: when we go to all those dinners and
dialog: swanky parties.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: And what do you mean by that?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (Coyly)
dialog: Don't look so mad, Guy. You always
dialog: smile when your picture is being
dialog: taken for the papers.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 17.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Especially when you have Anne Burton
dialog: hanging on your arm.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Let's not talk about Anne Burton.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: So, it's really serious between you
dialog: two? Well, you can throw your dreams
dialog: about her into the ashcan. Guy, I'm
dialog: coming to Washington.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: To have my baby and be with you.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Why me? It's not my baby.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: But people don't know that, Guy, do
dialog: they? It would make a pretty story,
dialog: wouldn't it -- the senator's daughter
dialog: involved with a married man who's
text: about to become a father.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (furiously)
dialog: You black conniving little liar!
text: A few people in the shop look around as Guy's voice rises
text: above the sound of the record playing.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Keep your voice down.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: What happened? Did he run out on
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: No man runs out on me. Not even
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: You're a liar and a cheat, Miriam.
dialog: You've wanted to get rid of me long
dialog: enough and now I'll go you one better --
dialog: I never want to see or hear of you
dialog: again.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 18.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (demurely)
dialog: I could be very pathetic as the
text: deserted little mother in a courtroom,
dialog: Guy. Think it over. Who would
dialog: believe you?
text: Guy seizes her angrily and in so doing, knocks the tone arm
text: across the record with a loud screech. From outside we can
text: see heads turn. Mr. Hargreaves, the manager, is very
dialog: disturbed.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT THROUGH GLASS PARTITION FROM HARGREAVES' VIEWPOINT
text: We see Guy gripping Miriam's arms and apparently addressing
text: her in a threatening manner, although we do not hear his
text: words. The smile has faded from Miriam's face and something
text: like cringing fear has taken its place. She is drawn and
text: tense and seems to cower beneath Guy's rage.
text: Mr. Hargreaves moves forward and opens Guy's tirade.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: ...That's what should happen to people
dialog: like you. And if I...
speaker_heading: HARGREAVES
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: Break it up, folks. This isn't the
text: place for a family quarrel.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (his eyes blazing)
dialog: Sorry. I'm leaving.
text: He starts to exit from the booth. Miriam grabs his arm and
text: screams at him:
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (yelling like a
dialog: fishwife)
dialog: You heard what I said, Guy Haines.
dialog: You can't throw me away like an old
dialog: shoe. I'm coming to Washington to
dialog: have my baby. Tell that to the
dialog: senate!
text: Guy strides out of the store, the manager and a few customers
text: turning around in surprise.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 19.
text: The two customers in other booths, seeing the quarrel, open
text: their doors simultaneously and Miriam's tirade is climaxed
text: by a cacophony of noise, a big symphony, loud hot music, and
text: the apparently unaware piano tuner.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET METCALF SHOOTING TOWARDS STATION
text: Guy is striding along angrily. He comes to the same
text: intersection and the same cop. The officer makes a friendly
dialog: gesture, is if he'd like to talk awhile, but Guy strides
text: past him without noticing.
scene_heading: EXT. METCALF STATION (PROCESS)
text: Guy comes into the scene, crosses to a row of public telephone
text: booths, enters one. Inside the telephone booth, he dumps
text: some loose change on the shelf, sticks a nickel in the
text: telephone, speaks into it.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Long distance.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: I want Washington, D. C. The number
dialog: is Republic 0800. Person to person.
dialog: Miss Anne Burton.
text: Another pause, very long. Guy is very restless. He digs a
text: cigarette out of his pocket and sticks it in his mouth, then
text: looks through his pockets for his lighter, doesn't find it.
text: He looks puzzled, but about that time the operator speaks to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Right.
text: Guy picks coins up off the shelf and drops them into the
text: telephone, then waits. He shifts the receiver and fumbles
text: in his other jacket pocket, then turns to the phone.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (tautly, into phone)
dialog: Anne, -- Anne darling. Yes, I'm in
dialog: Metcalf --
dialog: (gets a grip on himself)
dialog: No, everything didn't go smoothly.
dialog: She doesn't want a divorce, not
dialog: now....
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 20.
scene_heading: INT. BURTON LIVING ROOM
text: ANNE BURTON is a beautiful, high-spirited and well-bred young
text: woman. The smile on her face his faded to anxiety as she
text: listens over the telephone which is on the desk.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (after a pause then
dialog: with unpleasant
dialog: realization)
dialog: Another man's child! But she can't
dialog: do that to you, Guy -- it's
dialog: unbelievable -- it's, it's evil!
text: (she listens, then
dialog: calmly)
dialog: Yes, I know how you must feel.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: But you sound so savage.
text: BACK TO GUY IN TELEPHONE BOOTH
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (furiously)
dialog: Sure I sound savage. I feel savage.
dialog: I'd like to break her neck!
dialog: (a pause, then raising
dialog: his voice)
dialog: I said I'd like to break her foul,
dialog: poisonous, useless little neck!
dialog: (the connection is
dialog: bad and he strains
dialog: to hear)
dialog: What's that?
text: Meantime the noise of a through train has been HEARD, and
text: the horn on a streamliner locomotive. It has come up very
text: fast, it is now almost to the station. Guy rises his voice
text: and yells into the telephone. His voice fights the roar of
dialog: the train:
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I SAID I COULD STRANGLE HER!
text: The expression on his face is frenzied and suggesting that
text: he means exactly what he is saying.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 21.
scene_heading: INT. ANTHONY LIVING ROOM
text: The scene opens on a CLOSEUP OF A MAN'S HANDS. One of them
text: is semi-flexed and turning slowly, The other is receiving
text: the final touches of a manicure.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal that these are Bruno's hands,
text: and that, he is studying them moodily, CAMERA PULLS BACK
text: FARTHER to reveal his mother, MRS. ANTHONY, sitting opposite
text: him at a little table in the Anthony living room. She is
text: working with scissors, file and nail buffer. Mrs. Anthony
text: is a gentle, once pretty woman, whose pastel exterior harbors
text: a tigress-like determination to protect her son, Bruno is in
text: his robe and is unshaven.
dialog: There is evidence of long established wealth in the heavy
dialog: dark appointments of this room.
scene_heading: MRS. ANTHONY
dialog: Since you insisted on a manicure,
dialog: dear, I do wish you'd keep your hands
dialog: quiet. You're so restless lately.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
text: (almost dreamily as
dialog: he admires the free
dialog: hand)
dialog: I like them to look just right.
text: Mrs. Anthony looks up, notices his moody expression.
scene_heading: MRS. ANTHONY
dialog: Did I file them too short?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: No, Ma. They look fine. Thanks.
scene_heading: MRS. ANTHONY
dialog: Then what's the matter?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I'm all right, Ma. Don't worry about
dialog: me.
scene_heading: MRS. ANTHONY
dialog: You look so Pale, dear. Are you out
dialog: of vitamins?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I bought a bottle of them yesterday.
dialog: A whole fifth.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 22.
scene_heading: MRS. ANTHONY
dialog: (anxiously)
dialog: But you have that 'look'. I can
dialog: always tell. You haven't got into
dialog: any more mischief, Bruno?
text: He denies this with a slow, solemn shake of his head.
scene_heading: MRS. ANTHONY
dialog: I do hope you've forgotten about
dialog: that silly little plan of yours?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Which one?
scene_heading: MRS. ANTHONY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: About blowing up the White House?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (his eyes dancing)
dialog: I was only kidding, Ma. Besides,
dialog: what would the president say?
scene_heading: MRS. ANTHONY
dialog: (laughing gaily)
dialog: You're a naughty boy, Bruno. But
dialog: you can always make me laugh.
dialog: (she rises)
dialog: Now get shaved, dear, before your
text: father gets home.
text: Bruno's fist crashes down on the little table, upsetting it,
text: as he gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I'm sick and tired of bowing and
text: scraping to the king.
scene_heading: MRS. ANTHONY
dialog: (placating him)
dialog: Now, now, Let's not lose control.
dialog: Come see my painting, dear --
text: (she leads him toward
dialog: an easel)
dialog: I do wish you'd take up painting.
dialog: It's such a soothing pastime.
text: They look at the painting.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 23.
speaker_heading: INSERT
text: The painting is a horrible mess. Out of the violence of the
text: pattern a man's face can be discerned, wild-eyed and
text: distorted. We hear laughter from Bruno.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Bruno's roar of laughter puzzles Mrs. Anthony, but she is
text: pleased to hear his good humor. He puts an arm around her.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: You're wonderful, Ma! It's the old
dialog: boy, all right. That's father!
scene_heading: MRS. ANTHONY
dialog: (bewildered)
dialog: It is? I was trying to paint Saint
dialog: Francis.
text: At this moment there is the sound of the front door opening.
text: Then immediately the telephone bell rings in the hall. Bruno
text: is instantly alert, as if he had been expecting a call. He
text: goes toward the door to the hall, as the butler enters.
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: (to Bruno)
dialog: They are ready with your call to
dialog: Southampton, Sir.
text: Bruno's father MR. ANTHONY, purposefully enters the living
text: room. He an impeccably dressed business man with an
text: uncompromising eye. His entrance momentarily blocks Bruno's
dialog: exit.
scene_heading: MRS. ANTHONY
dialog: (to her husband)
dialog: How nice that you're early, Charles.
dialog: I'll tell cook....
text: Bruno now exits into the hall, passing his father without
dialog: speaking.
scene_heading: MR. ANTHONY
text: Just a minute, Eunice.
dialog: (calls after Bruno)
dialog: Bruno! Come here! I want to talk
dialog: to you and your mother.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 24.
scene_heading: INT. HALL CLOSE SHOT BRUNO
text: as he approaches the telephone.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (calls back to his
dialog: father)
dialog: Sorry father. Long distance.
dialog: (he picks up the
dialog: telephone)
dialog: Hello...
text: CAMERA MOVES IN TO A BIG HEAD CLOSEUP OF BRUNO at the
text: telephone as the Voices of his mother and father can be heard
text: from the other room.
scene_heading: MR. ANTHONY'S VOICE
dialog: Now it's hit and run driving! And
dialog: you knew about it all the time!
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (eagerly into phone)
dialog: Guy?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Bruno, Bruno Anthony.
scene_heading: MR. ANTHONY'S VOICE
dialog: You're going to protect him once too
dialog: often. After all we do have a
dialog: responsibility to society.
text: Bruno gives a look in his father's direction, before he speaks
text: into the telephone in a low voice.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I just wanted to ask how you made
dialog: out with Miriam.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM OF TENNIS CLUB CLOSE SHOT GUY AT TELEPHONE
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: What?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Metcalf? Who'd you say you were?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 25.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP BRUNO
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: Bruno, Guy. Bruno Anthony. Don't
dialog: you remember? On the train.
text: The voices of Mr. and Mrs. Anthony can still be heard in
text: dispute as Bruno listens at phone:
scene_heading: MRS. ANTHONY
dialog: I never permit it!
text: Bruno gives a significant look in direction of the living
text: room as he speaks into the phone.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Are you getting your divorce?
scene_heading: MR. ANTHONY'S VOICE
dialog: I tell you he should be sent somewhere
dialog: for treatment before it's too late.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (into phone, with
dialog: satisfaction)
dialog: So she double-crossed you! Are you
dialog: going to see her again?
text: The phone clicks in Bruno's ear. He looks hurt for an
text: instant, then replaces the receiver. Bruno listens to his
text: father off scene and his expression becomes more enigmatic.
scene_heading: MR. ANTHONY'S VOICE
dialog: I tell you, Eunice, I'm going to
dialog: have that boy put away if it's the
dialog: last thing I do!
text: Bruno looks off in direction of his farther's voice with an
dialog: expression which says, "Crow while you can, you haven't
text: much time." He reaches into his pocket, brings out Guy's
text: cigarette lighter and as he flicks it on and off.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. METCALF STATION LONG SHOT DAY
dialog: This is the same shot we saw when Guy arrived in Metcalf.
text: We see the station and one of the main streets beyond the
dialog: station.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 26.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT A NEARER VIEW
text: We see the train come around the curve. Again this is just
text: the same angle that we used for Guy. It comes to a stop in
text: the foreground and we see Bruno alight onto the platform.
text: He looks about him for a moment and then strolls away in the
text: direction of the town. He approaches the row of telephone
text: booths.
scene_heading: EXT. STATION CLOSE SHOT
text: We see Bruno enter the small booth and start to glance through
dialog: the telephone directory.
scene_heading: INSERT TELEPHONE DIRECTORY
text: Bruno's finger runs down the names until it stops at:
text: Joyce, Miriam Haines. 2420 Metcalf Avenue.
scene_heading: A RESIDENTIAL STREET IN METCALF LONG SHOT
text: It is now much later. It is beginning to get dark, and the
text: street lights are on. In the far distance we see a local
text: bus approaching.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: SHOOTING DOWN onto a small seat by a bus stop, we see Bruno
text: with an open newspaper in front of him. It is held up as he
dialog: reads it.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Bruno is glancing over the top of the paper.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: From his viewpoint we see a typical frame house. The upper
text: windows are lit as are the lower ones as well. A woman is
text: sitting in a rocker on the front porch. This is MRS. JOYCE,
text: Miriam's mother. She has white hair. A woman comes along
text: the street and pauses as she gets to Mrs. Joyce.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 27.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (calls out as she
dialog: passes)
dialog: Hello Mrs. Joyce. Warm, ain't it?
scene_heading: MRS. JOYCE
dialog: That it is.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I've been reading where your son-in-
dialog: law's been coming right along at
dialog: tennis.
scene_heading: MRS. JOYCE
dialog: (sourly)
dialog: We don't have any interest in tennis
dialog: any more.
text: The neighbor passes on.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP
text: Bruno, still glancing over the top of his paper.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: Again from Bruno's viewpoint, we see Miriam's house. At
text: this moment the front door swings open, emitting a long streak
text: ot bright light. We see the silhouette of a woman emerge,
text: followed by two other men. They're laughing and joking.
text: Suddenly they look up the street. At this very moment the
text: bus pulls up in front of Bruno's view, cutting off the sight
text: of his quarry. The bus comes to a stop.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Bruno rises in alarm and moves around toward the end of the
dialog: bus so that he shall not lose sight of the girl coming out
dialog: of the house.
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: From his viewpoint, the girl, whom we now see is Miriam, is
text: running followed by the two young men. They are calling for
text: the bus not to go - shouting, "Hi - stop!" Mrs. Joyce calls
dialog: from the porch:
scene_heading: MRS. JOYCE
dialog: Don't you stay out too late, Miriam.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 28.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (calling back)
dialog: Goodnight, Mother. See you later.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP
text: Bruno watches Miriam.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Miriam comes nearer and nearer to Bruno. With her two
text: companions she brushes past him and jumps onto the bus. THE
text: CAMERA PANS BRUNO AFTER THEM.
scene_heading: EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK LONG SHOT
text: We see the bus pull up outside the Amusement Park, and the
text: various passengers alight. These include Miriam nd her
text: companions, and Bruno.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT NEARER VIEW OF THE AMUSEMENT PARK
text: We see the usual midway with its various concessions on each
text: side: in the distance the Ferris wheel, Merry-go-rounds,
text: etc., and beyond that a lake. In the foreground we see people
text: filling in and out.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT A GROUP BY A FROZEN CUSTARD STAND
text: This group comprises Miriam and her two boy-friends. They
text: lick their way out of the crowd and debate between themselves
dialog: where to go next.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Miriam's eye catches the attention of something off screen.
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: From her viewpoint we see Bruno standing and casually watching
text: her. Other people pass around and in front of him, so that
text: he is the only immobile figure.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 29.
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Miriam, with a kind of coy consciousness, turns away with
text: the others and they go on to some other concession.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: As Bruno starts to advance in the direction of Miriam he is
text: momentarily held up by a small boy in cowboy uniform carrying
text: a gun and a balloon. The small boy points the gun at Bruno.
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSE UP
text: The small boy pointing the gun fires it twice with a couple
text: of 'bangs!' He then starts to move off.
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSE UP
text: Bruno moves on past the boy. He casually touches the balloon
text: with his cigarette end -- it goes off with a 'pop'.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP
text: The small boy turns and looks with dismay at his pricked
text: balloon, wondering what happened.
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSE UP
text: Bruno moves on, pleased with himself, returning his attention
text: to Miriam who is somewhere ahead of him.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: Miriam and her two boy-friends by the sledge hammer concession
text: where the aim is to swing the hammer hard enough down onto
text: its target to ring the bell and register the 100 mark. Miriam
text: is in the foreground of the shot. The first boy steps up to
text: try his hand. As he swings, Miriam turns and glances about
text: her, obviously looking for Bruno.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT FROM MIRIAM VIEWPOINT
text: The crowds milling, but no sign of Bruno.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 30.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: The first boy having failed to ring the bell, the second
text: stops up and slams the hammer down.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: The register shooting up only to the hallway mark.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT MIRIAM
text: She looks a little disdainful and again glances around for
text: Bruno. Looking first to her left where she sees nothing,
text: she then looks to her right, and as she does THE CAMERA PANS
text: to show Bruno standing right it her shoulder. Miriam gives
text: a little start. Bruno smiles at her. With a smirk he walks
text: over and after paying his fee, goes to take up the hammer.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP MIRIAM
text: She watches Bruno.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Bruno looks down at his hands.
speaker_heading: INSERT
text: Bruno's two strong hands - as he holds them palms tilted
text: upward and fingers curled in.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP
text: Bruno, as he smiles faintly, glancing across at Miriam.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP MIRIAM
text: She gives a faint smile in return.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: With a studied movement, Bruno picks up the handle of the
text: hammer and swings.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 31.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: The register shoots up to the 100 mark and rings the bell.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: Bruno drops the hammer and glances around at Miriam again.
text: Her two boy-friends are calling for her from a little
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: BOY'S VOICE
dialog: Come On, Miriam. Come On!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT MIRIAM
text: She turns away and is lost in the crowd.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT OVER BRUNO'S SHOULDER AT MERRY-GO ROUND IN
speaker_heading: BACKGROUND
text: Bruno turns to follow Miriam, his manner casual. As he takes
text: a few steps, WE PAN ACROSS with him until, over his shoulder,
text: we see a merry-go-round in the background. Miriam and the
text: two boys are aboard and climbing onto horses. As Bruno goes
text: toward the merry-go-round, the CAMERA MOVES UP A LITTLE with
text: him. The merry-go-round starts to move slowly round as Bruno
text: hops on.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ON MERRY-GO-ROUND
text: Bruno begins to look around for Miriam, who is apparently on
text: the other side of the merry-go-round. He starts to thread
text: his way through the horses which are beginning to move up
text: and down. CAMERA FOLLOWING HIM. He passes one or two of
text: the oncoming heads before he reaches Miriam. She is on an
text: outside mount which is high in the air when she sees Bruno
text: facing her. Her laughter dies for a moment and she smiles
text: at him coyly. Bruno passes her and gets on the horse directly
text: behind her, Miriam glancing at him as her horse comes down.
text: MEDIUM SHOT BRUNO ON HORSE
text: With horse's head in foreground, as it is coming toward us.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 32.
speaker_heading: SIDE VIEW MIRIAM
text: Miriam on her horse, moving from left to right. Miriam,
text: holding the reins, glances back with a gay laugh.
speaker_heading: SIDE VIEW BRUNO
text: Bruno on his horse, as though he is chasing Miriam. He is a
text: little more open now in his laughter.
text: GROUP SHOT MIRIAM AND TWO BOYS
text: Miriam and her boy friends begin to sing the song being played
dialog: on the calliope.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP MIRIAM
text: As she starts to sing, she glances back.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP BRUNO
text: He is starting to join in the singing.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: The horses of the merry-go-round are filling the screen as
text: they whizz by, and again we get the picture of Bruno chasing
text: Miriam as they rush past the CAMERA, the music and tempo at
text: a high speed.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
text: EXTERIOR OF BOAT LANDING ON SHORE OF ARTIFICIAL LAKE
text: Across the water may be seen a small wooded island. Between
text: this and the boat landing there is an artificially constructed
dialog: "Tunnel of Love".
text: We see Miriam and her companions approach the boat concession
text: and CAMERA FOLLOWS THEM onto the little landing stage. CAMERA
text: MOVES UP SLOWLY over the boy's shoulders until we get MIRIAM
text: IN CLOSE UP. She glances back. Her expression changes to a
text: coy smile of satisfaction as she sees:
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 33.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT (FROM MIRIAM'S VIEWPOINT)
text: Bruno is approaching the pay box.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: Miriam and her companions are escorted to a small boat with
text: electric motor. Once they are seated the boat chugs away
text: from the landing stage and off into the darkness.
text: Bruno steps into the foreground and gets into the next boat
text: which floats alongside. He, too, moves away into the
dialog: darkness.
scene_heading: ENTRANCE TO THE TUNNEL
text: As Miriam's boat passes through, she gives another little
text: glance over shoulder before her boat disappears into the
text: darkness of the tunnel.
text: After a brief moment Bruno's boat comes into the picture,
text: and it, too, goes into the tunnel.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE TUNNEL
text: We see the silhouettes of the occupants of Miriam's boat on
text: the wall of the tunnel, lit dimly from the light coming from
text: the tunnel exit.
text: The silhouette of Bruno in his boat, lit by the tunnel
text: entrance, gradually approaches the other three. When the
dialog: silhouettes are almost touching, we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXIT OF THE TUNNEL
text: It is empty. There is a sudden piercing scream from inside,
text: followed after a second or two by protestations and giggling
text: as Miriam's boat emerges into the light. She is pushing one
text: of the boys away from her.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (squealing)
dialog: George, stop it, I tell you!
text: Their boat moves out of the picture, toward the island.
text: Presently Bruno's boat comes smilingly following and he,
text: too, moves on out of the picture.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 34.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ISLAND
text: The group of Miriam and her companions are scrambling out of
text: their boat and moving onto the island, one of the boys trying
text: the boat on the shore. They disappear into the Woods of the
dialog: island.
text: Again Bruno's boat comes into the picture. He steps out,
text: lift the prow of the boat a little onto the shore.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT ISLAND
text: We see the amusement park lighted beyond the lake.
text: Silhouetted in the foreground, the trees and foliage of the
text: island. Nearby we see the silhouetted figures of Miriam and
text: her companions move across the scene, right to left. Miriam
text: is pushing George away from her.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (protesting
dialog: perfunctorily)
dialog: George, no!
text: She backs away from him and the boys go on picture. Miriam
text: goes in another direction, around, the bushes. George
text: obviously misses her, for we hear his voice call out:
speaker_heading: GEORGE'S VOICE
dialog: Miriam!
text: Miriam backs out of the bushes until the back of her head is
text: in CLOSEUP in the foreground of the shot. Suddenly she hears
text: steps in back of her and turns her head toward CAMERA. Her
text: face changes as she recognizes someone offscene.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Oh!
text: She gives a coy smile of recognition. CAMERA PULLS BACK to
text: reveal the mad and shoulders of Bruno between Miriam and the
text: camera. His hand holds Guy's lighter which he flicks on as
text: he raises it above Miriam's face. 0f Bruno, we see only the
text: back of his head and shoulders.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Is your name Miriam?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (with surprise)
dialog: Why yes. How did you --
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 35.
text: We see Bruno's gloved hands dart quickly to Miriam's throat.
text: The lighter falls down out of picture, and as Bruno's hands
text: grip her throat, his head moves slightly to blot out Miriam's
text: face. His head moves a bit farther until Miriam's face is
text: nearly uncovered at the other side of the screen, and we see
text: her glasses fall off.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Miriam's glasses hit the ground. The shadows of their
text: struggling figures over the shot.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP
text: The screen is filled with one of the lenses of the glasses.
text: They are of the diminishing type. Against the moonlit sky
text: we see reflected, the elongated struggling figures, as though
text: we were shooting up at them. Suddenly one of the figures
text: falls forward.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP
text: Miriam's head drops into the picture by the glasses.
text: Bruno's hand comes into the picture and picks up the glasses.
text: One of the lenses has been broken by Miriam's fall.
text: As we see Bruno's sport shoes move away, the CAMERA MOVES
text: PAST MIRIAM'S HEAD until it comes to Guy's lighter pressed
dialog: into the earth.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP BRUNO
text: Bruno glances back over his shoulder. He looks down and
text: goes back one or two steps.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP BRUNO'S HAND
text: Bruno's hands retrieve the lighter from the ground.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT ISLAND
text: We see a full view of the island again, with the amusement
text: park beyond. The faint noise of the calliope continues in
text: the distance. Bruno has been lost to view.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 36.
text: Miriam's companions are still searching for her. We hear
text: their faint voices in the distance.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Miriam! Miriam! Where are you?
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: Bruno comes to the shore where his boat is moored. He gets
text: in and is quickly chugging away. He moves calmly, matter-of-
text: fact and not furtively.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT LAKE
text: Bruno's boat throbbing its way across toward the landing
dialog: stage.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT LANDING STAGE
text: There are two boats unloading. Bruno's boat is approaching.
text: We hear a loud call from the island. Someone has found
dialog: Miriam.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Hey, here she is! What's the matter
dialog: with her? Has she fainted?
text: More shouts from the island cause the people at the landing
text: stage to look back. The boatman's attention is also
text: attracted. Suddenly, as Bruno is getting out of boat, there
text: is a loud scream from the island.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (crying out)
dialog: She is dead!
speaker_heading: OTHER VOICE
dialog: (from island)
dialog: Help! Help!
text: Bruno by this time has stopped onto the landing stage, and
text: in company with the other people, is looking back as if to
text: see what's wrong on the island. Then he moves away, starting
text: off of the landing stage. The boatman turns and glances at
text: Bruno, but quickly returns his attention to the disturbance
text: across on the island. He hurries forward and with a couple
text: of men passengers jumps into one of the boats. He calls to
text: his assistant as he gets into the boat.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 37.
speaker_heading: BOATMAN
dialog: Got a cop!
text: The assistant runs off out of the pictures
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT BRUNO
text: As Bruno calmly threads his way along the midway, we hear
text: above the noise of the various concessions, a shrill police
text: whistle in the distance. Presently a couple of policemen
text: comes running from direction of the main entrance and past
text: Bruno. He glances at them over his shoulder, then strolls
text: on toward the main entrance to the park.
scene_heading: ENTRANCE TO AMUSEMENT PARK EXTERIOR
text: As Bruno comes out through the turnstile, he stands for a
text: moment on the street. At this moment a man hesitates at the
text: curbstone. He is blind and tapping the sidewalk with his
text: white cane. He takes one step into the roadway, then
text: hesitates. Bruno steps forward and takes the blind man's
text: arm. CAMERA PULLS BACK as Bruno escorts the blind man across
text: the road. With a sweeping gesture he holds back a couple of
text: cars to lot them pass.
text: Once on the other side of the road, the blind man utters his
dialog: thanks.
speaker_heading: BLIND MAN
dialog: Thanks.
text: He goes off.
text: Bruno looks back toward the park, then glances down at his
text: wristwatch.
scene_heading: INSERT BRUNO'S WRISTWATCH
dialog: The time is 9.30.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION CAR OF A TRAIN NIGHT
text: Through the rear window we see the tracks rushing away from
text: us. Seated in the foreground are Guy Haines and a rather
text: professorial type opposite him, a bespectacled man around
text: forty-five or fifty who is extremely drunk.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 38.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT GUY
text: He is reading an evening newspaper.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: The feet opposite Guy stretch out and touch Guy's feet.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: He lowers his paper and looks across.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: The drunk opposite Guy looks down at his feet and then up to
text: Guy resentfully as though Guy had kicked him. He eyes Guy
text: up and down, then suddenly, without warning, bursts into
text: song, to the tune of the Barber Shop Chord.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: There was a man, now please take
dialog: note. There was a man who had a
dialog: goat. He loved that goat, Indeed he
dialog: did. He loved that goat, just like
dialog: a kid.
dialog: (He stops singing
dialog: abruptly and addresses
dialog: Guy)
dialog: What is your opinion?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (amused)
dialog: You'll never make the Metropolitan.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: (fuzzily -- pumping
dialog: Guy's hand)
dialog: Name's Collins. On sabbatical -
dialog: Delaware Tech. Glad to meet you. I
dialog: jus' gave a speech in New York. On
dialog: integration. In the differential
dialog: calculus a function is given and its
dialog: differential is obtained. Understand?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (solemnly)
dialog: Sure, I understand.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 39.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: (resentfully)
dialog: Y'do?
text: Again he bursts into loud song.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT WASHINGTON EXTERIOR ABOUT 1 A.M. MOONLIGHT
text: A solitary taxi is seen driving past the Capitol Building.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
text: The taxi comes to a side street and stops outside a small
dialog: apartment house.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy gets out of the taxi with his rackets and bag, pays the
text: driver and goes up the steps to the front door of his
dialog: apartment.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: As Guy is about to enter the front door and we see his name
text: posted on a small card as one of the several tenants, he
text: hears a soft call from across the street.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Guy!
text: Guy turns his head and looks across the street.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT (FROM GUY'S VIEWPOINT)
text: We see a small space between two houses across the street.
text: Out of the darkness the voice repeats.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Over here, Guy.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT GUY
text: He turns, and with a slightly bewildered and wary expression,
text: goes out of the picture to cross the street.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 40.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy reaches the other side of the street and still puzzled
text: and cautious, approaches the dark alleyway.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: After a moment a figure steps out of the darkness. It is
text: Bruno. He steps back into the darkness again as Guy comes
text: up to him.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
text: Guy frowning in puzzlement as he looks at Bruno.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Hello, Guy.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (recognizes Bruno --
dialog: not pleased)
dialog: What are you doing here? At this
dialog: time of night?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (a little sadly)
dialog: You don't seem very pleased to see
dialog: me, Guy.
text: Guy stands without answering.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (pleased again)
dialog: I brought you a little present.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: What do you mean?
text: Bruno's hand comes out of his pocket and he hands Miriam's
dialog: glasses to Guy.
speaker_heading: INSERT
text: Guy's hands taking Miriam's glasses from Bruno. One of the
text: lenses is broken.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 41.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
text: As Guy takes the glasses he looks at Bruno in bewilderment.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: What's this all about?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Recognize them?
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: He looks down at the glasses, mystified. He looks up again
dialog: to Bruno.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP BRUNO
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: It was very quick, Guy. She wasn't
dialog: hurt in any way. It was all over in
dialog: no time.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: He is horrified. He looks swiftly down at the glasses in
text: his hand, then back to Bruno.
speaker_heading: BRUNO'S VOICE
dialog: (bragging)
dialog: I know you'd be surprised. Nothing
dialog: for us to worry about. Nobody saw
dialog: me, only Miriam.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
text: Guy can hardly believe what he is hearing.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I was very careful. Even when I
dialog: dropped your lighter there, I went
dialog: right back to it up. If It'd been
dialog: found, it would have ruined our whole
dialog: scheme, wouldn't it?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Are you trying to tell me you've --
dialog: Why, you maniac!
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 42.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
text: (looks at Guy with
dialog: astonishment)
dialog: But, Guy, you wanted it! We planned
dialog: it on the train together, remember?
text: Guy suddenly starts to go. Bruno grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Where do you think I'm going? I'm
dialog: going to call the police, of course.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: But you can't, Guy. We'd both be
dialog: arrested for murder.
text: Guy turns back slowly and faces him.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: We'd both be arrested for murder?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: You're is much in it as I am. We
dialog: planned it together. Criss-cross.
dialog: I do your murder --
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (suddenly angry)
dialog: You crazy fool! You think you can
dialog: get away with that?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (a little hurt)
dialog: Oh, come now, Guy. Why should I go
dialog: to Metcalf and kill a total stranger,
dialog: unless it was part of the plan and
dialog: you were in on it? You're the one
dialog: that benefits, Guy. You're a free
dialog: man. I didn't even know the girl.
text: Guy makes a move to leave, but Bruno holds on tight.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Let me go, Bruno. I had nothing to
dialog: do with this and the police will
dialog: believe me.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 43.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: If you go to the police now, you'll
dialog: just be turning yourself in as in
dialog: accessory. You see, you have the
dialog: motive.
text: At this moment both turn at a sound across the street.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT (FROM THEIR VIEWPOINT)
text: We hear the sound of a telephone ringing in Guy's apartment.
text: The top of one of his windows is open.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: My telephone.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Someone has some news for you, Guy.
text: Guy still stares across the street.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT (FROM HIS VIEWPOINT)
text: We see a police car pull up outside Guy's apartment.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
text: Bruno pulls Guy back further into the shadows. Guy
text: instinctively flattens himself against the wall. He looks
text: across the street again.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT (FROM HIS VIEWPOINT)
text: We see the two policemen go into his apartment building.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
text: Guy is still flattened against the wall to keep out of light.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Tell them you know about it already,
dialog: Guy.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 44.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: He looks across at the police, then down at himself with
text: some surprise and disgust, then over at Bruno, suddenly
text: conscious he is behaving like a criminal and that Bruno is
text: responsible for his predicament.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: You've got me acting, like a criminal,
dialog: you crazy fool!
text: Bruno for a moment looks menacingly at Guy.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Don't you call me that.
text: Bruno's flare of anger dies. They both look again across
dialog: the street.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT (FROM THEIR VIEWPOINT)
text: The two policemen come out of the house, get into their car
dialog: and drive off.
text: Guy's telephone is still ringing.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: You must be tired, Guy. I know I
dialog: am. I've sure had a strenuous
dialog: evening.
text: Guy looks at him, almost numb.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Now look, Guy, about my father. I
dialog: have the plans made. Two plans. A
text: plan of the grounds and a plan of
dialog: the house. I have in old Luger I
dialog: bought at a pawn shop in San
dialog: Francisco. My father --
text: Guy turns and starts to move in across the street.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
text: Bruno follows Guy and we FOLLOW them across the street.
text: CAMERA ON THEIR BACKS. Guy strides ahead to the house.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 45.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Wait a minute, Guy. To have to talk.
dialog: We have to arrange things.
text: Guy turns at the door to his apartment building.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (furiously)
dialog: Get away before I give you what you
dialog: gave Miriam.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: You're not yourself, Guy. You're
dialog: tired. When you think things over,
dialog: you'll see I'm right. Tomorrow --
text: Guy opens his door, turns on Bruno.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (with finality)
dialog: I don't know you. I never saw you
dialog: before. I never want to see you
dialog: again.
text: He goes in and slams the door in Bruno's face.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (to the closed door)
dialog: But we have to --
text: He realizes there is no use in trying to talk to Guy any
text: further. He turns and faces the CAMERA IN CLOSE UP as he
text: moves away, looking sad almost to the point of tears.
scene_heading: INT. GUY'S APARTMENT
text: Guy is standing at the telephone which is still ringing. He
text: has Miriam's glasses in his hand. He looks down at them for
text: a moment, then picks up the receiver. He hesitates, then
text: speaks into the phone.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (hoarsely, into phone)
dialog: Yes?
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: Yes, Anne. I'm sorry, darling. I
dialog: just got in.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Of course I'm all right.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 46.
speaker_heading: GUY (CONT'D)
dialog: (forcing his voice to
dialog: sound normal)
dialog: But you sound upset. Is anything
dialog: wrong?
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: All right. I'll come over. Right
dialog: away.
text: He hangs up but keeps his hand on the telephone, deliberating.
text: He starts to dial, then suddenly hangs up and starts out.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A RESIDENTIAL STREET, WASHINGTON LONG SHOT NIGHT
text: A taxi drives up and stops in front of a handsome residence.
text: It is the Burton home. Guy gets out of the taxi and goes up
dialog: the steps.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT OVER GUY'S SHOULDER
text: His figure tense, he rings the bell. After a moment's wait,
text: the door is opened from inside and Anne Burton stands in the
text: lighted hallway. She looks at Guy with an anxious, taut
text: expression, searches his face hastily, then as he takes a
text: step inside she is suddenly in his arms. They embrace with
text: wordless fervor.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (holding her close)
dialog: Anne darling, you're trembling.
text: Anne draws back and looks into his face as if searching for
text: an answer to some question in her mind.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Guy --
dialog: (her fingers gently
dialog: touch his face)
dialog: I wonder if you know how much I love
dialog: you.
text: Guy takes her hand from hIs face, caresses it with his lips.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (forcing a smile)
dialog: Brazen woman. I'm the one to say
dialog: that.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 47.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (tensely)
dialog: But I wanted you to know, before...
dialog: (forcing herself to
dialog: be calm)
text: Before we go into the living room.
dialog: Father wants to see you.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: He looks apprehensively in direction of the living room,
text: conscious of what the news is to be, but covering up.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT LIVING ROOM FROM GUY'S VIEWPOINT
text: SENATOR BURTON and BARBARA BURTON are seated near a desk on
text: the farthest side of the room. Senator Burton is a
dialog: distinguished fifty, a man with great pride in tradition,
text: his family and his career. Barbara, Anne's younger sister,
dialog: is a lively seventeen who loves excitement, says exactly
text: what she thinks and rarely thinks before she says it.
text: Superficially, in height and figure, she resembles Miriam.
text: She also weirs glasses. By her gestures we gather she is
text: speaking urgently, but softly, to her father, who lifts a
text: weary hand to quiet her as she looks toward Guy in the
text: hallway, Barbara keeps quiet and also looks toward Guy.
text: They both wait for him to enter.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: He steels himself for the long walk across the hall and the
dialog: living room.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ANNE
text: Watching Guy closely.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: As Guy starts to make the long trek across the living room,
text: with Anne behind him --
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (stiffly)
dialog: Good evening, sir. Hello, Babs.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 48.
text: Barbara has been squirming in her seat, then as if jet
text: propelled she catapults out of it and runs to Guy, giving
text: him a big hug and a smack on the cheek.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Something awful has happened, Guy.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Sit down, Barbara.
text: Subdued, she sits down. But Guy remains standing.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (finding it difficult
dialog: to begin)
dialog: There seems to be no way of
text: diplomatically breaking tragic news.
dialog: I'm sorry, Guy, to be the one to
dialog: tell you. It concerns your wife.
dialog: She's been murdered.
text: Guy stares woodenly at the Senator, is if hypnotized.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: The police have been using everything
dialog: but radar to locate you.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: You're to call Headquarters at
dialog: Metcalf.
text: The full impact of what has happened hits Guy once more.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Miriam...murdered.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (with inner tension)
dialog: She was...strangled.
text: Slowly Guy's eyes meet hers. They are remembering what he
text: said on the phone: "I could strangle her." He sinks into a
text: chair. The Senator is quite distressed.
text: During the following scene Barbara quietly goes about the
dialog: business of pouring drinks and serving them. She knows
dialog: everyone's preference.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 49.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (wrylt, to Guy)
dialog: It happened on an island in an
dialog: amusement park. It was sort of a
dialog: lovers lane, I believe. A rather
text: sordid atmosphere.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (quickly, to Guy)
dialog: Miriam went there with two boys.
dialog: They were the ones who found her.
dialog: So they're not suspects. But you
dialog: probably will be.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: Young lady, we can't overlook the
dialog: fact that murder is at our doorsteps.
dialog: But I forbid you to drag it into the
dialog: living room!
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (wide-eyed)
dialog: Let's not fool ourselves. The police
dialog: will say Guy wanted Miriam out of
dialog: the way so he could marry Anne. In
dialog: a crime of this sort the police first
dialog: go after the husband, and Guy had
dialog: every motive.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: Motive?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: She's right. Whichever way you look
dialog: at it...I'm in a spot.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (disconcerted but
dialog: whistling in dark)
dialog: Oh come now, my boy. I'm sure you
dialog: have nothing to worry about.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: If he hasn't an alibi for nine-thirty
text: tonight he has plenty to worry about.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 50.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (who hasn't taken
dialog: anxious eyes off Guy)
dialog: You can tell them where you were,
dialog: can't you, Guy?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: At nine-thirty I was on the train
dialog: from New York to Washington.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: There you are.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Who saw you? Did you speak to anyone?
dialog: You'll need a Witness, you know.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (as if it didn't matter)
dialog: Yes, I spoke to someone.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (hopefully)
dialog: Anyone you know?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: No. His name was Collins. He is a
dialog: professor.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: Harvard.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: University of Virginia.
text: The Senator's expression says: "Well, that's not too bad."
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ANNE
text: Her face shows her relief that Guy can account for his time.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Then everything's's all right.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 51.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: BARBARA
text: Not quite. Detectives play a game
dialog: called Motive, Motive, Who'd got the
dialog: Motive.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (near the breaking
dialog: point)
dialog: I'm sick of hearing that word!
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: He'll still have to answer questions.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: Routine. Pure routine.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I'm afraid there'll be a lot of
dialog: reporters at your front door in the
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Daddy doesn't mind a little scandal.
dialog: He's a senator.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (answering Guy's look)
dialog: It can't be helped, darling. It is
dialog: not your fault. It's not as though
dialog: anyone can say you had something to
dialog: do with it.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Someone might say it...I'd do anything
dialog: to keep you all out of this mess.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: Profit by my experience, Guy. Never
dialog: lose any sleep over accusations.
dialog: (an afterthought)
dialog: Unless they can be proved, of course.
dialog: We'll help all we can. Dreadful
dialog: business, dreadful. That poor
dialog: unfortunate girl.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: She was a tramp.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 52.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (pontificially)
dialog: She was a human being. let me remind
dialog: you that even the most unworthy of
dialog: us has the right to life and the
dialog: pursuit of happiness.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (unimpressed)
dialog: From what I hear, she pursued it in
dialog: all directions.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: Barbara!
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Father, it's getting terribly late,
dialog: and Guy looks so tired...
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Of course, of course. Back to bed,
dialog: Barbara.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (ignoring this - to
dialog: Anne and Guy)
dialog: Well, you two. Nothing stands in
dialog: your way now. You can be married
dialog: right away. Think of it -- you're
dialog: free!
scene_heading: CLOSE TWO ANNE AND GUY
text: look at one another with a growing realization of what
dialog: Miriam's death actually means to their happiness -- they are
dialog: free.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: The Senator firmly urges Barbara to the door.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (to Barbara)
dialog: One doesn't always have to say what
dialog: one thinks!
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: Father, I'm not a politician.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 53.
text: The Senator gives her a gentle but firm push out of sight.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: You won't forget that call, Guy?
dialog: Captain Turley.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Yes sir. Goodnight.
text: Barbara pokes her head quickly around the door.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I still think it would be wonderful
dialog: to have a man love you so much he'd
dialog: kill for you.
dialog: (she ducks out)
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
text: Left alone, Guy and Anne embrace. Anne's nervous tension
text: comes to the surface in a flood of relief.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I told myself over and over I was
dialog: being silly, but there was one
dialog: horrible moment tonight when the
dialog: news came through. I kept remembering
dialog: what you shouted telephone from
dialog: Metcalf.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: That I could strang...
text: Anne quickly puts her fingers over his mouth.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Don't even say it. Forget you ever
dialog: said it. Even more terrifying than
dialog: the murder itself, Guy, was the awful
dialog: thought that if you had anything to
dialog: do with it we'd be separated, -perhaps
dialog: forever. I'd never see you again.
dialog: I couldn't bear it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT MAIN STREET OF METCALF DAY
text: with its customary mid-afternoon activity.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 54.
scene_heading: EXT. METCALF POLICE HEADQUARTERS DAY
text: A knot of people are hanging around the entrance, including
text: a few newspaper photographers. There is a rush of interest
text: when a taxi pulls up and Guy steps out of it. Guy pushes
text: his way through the people. Two or three bulbs flash. There
text: is a murmur from the crowd and we hear Guy's name. He passes
text: into the entrance.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OF POLICE HEADQUARTERS
text: Guy comes into the corridor from the street and approaches
text: two policemen who are standing nearby.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Captain Turley's office?
text: One of the policemen gestures to a door at the right. Guy
text: crosses and enters.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION ROOM OUTSIDE CAPTAIN TURLEY'S OFFICE
text: At one side of the room is a young police sergeant seated at
text: a typewriter. A group of people are seated in chairs lined
text: against the opposite wall.
text: Guy enters, crosses to the sergeant at the desk.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Captain Turley is expecting me. Guy
dialog: Haines.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
text: Just a moment, Mr. Haines.
text: He rises and goes into an adjoining room.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: He now has time to take stock of the waiting people. He
text: catches his breath when he sees:
scene_heading: CLOSEUP MRS. JOYCE
text: Miriam's mother, dressed all in black, is seated in one of
text: the chairs. She has been staring at the floor, but brings
text: her eyes up slowly to glare at Guy with a look of burning
dialog: hatred.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 55.
scene_heading: MRS. JOYCE
dialog: (a fierce whisper)
dialog: You'll pay for this!
scene_heading: CLOSEUP MR. HARGREAVES
text: Mr. Hargreaves from the music shop looks across at Guy,
text: attempts in awkward nod but is very embarrassed.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: Guy nods in returns.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: The two boys who were with Miriam at the amusement park.
text: They look at Guy with interest.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT GUY
text: He looks about him uncomfortably, then turns suddenly as he
dialog: sees:
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Seated behind Guy, apart from the others who are waiting, is
text: Professor Collins, Guy's drunken companion on the train of
text: the night before. The professor is completely sober now,
text: dignified and erect. He has removed his glasses to polish
text: them and does not react to Guy's presence.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: Guy starts with a smile of recognition to say, "How do you
text: do?" but at that moment he hears the door open and his name
dialog: called:
speaker_heading: SERGEANT'S VOICE
dialog: Will you come in, please, Mr. Haines?
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy breaks away from his uncompleted greeting to the professor
text: and goes through the door to Captain Turley's office, followed
text: by the eyes of the waiting people.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 56.
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN TURLEY'S OFFICE
text: CAPTAIN TURLEY is conscientious, methodical and always polite.
text: He puts aside photographs and records and rises from behind
text: his desk as Guy comes in. A detective lieutenant, CAMPBELL,
text: is attending a coffee maker. Their expressions are grave by
text: contrast with Guy's confident attitude after seeing the
text: professor in the waiting room.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN TURLEY
dialog: Good of you to be so prompt, Mr.
dialog: Haines. This is Lieutenant Campbell.
dialog: (the two nod to each
dialog: other)
dialog: Won't you sit down?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Thank you, sir.
dialog: (he sits)
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN TURLEY
dialog: I know you're a busy man, so we won't
dialog: detain you any longer than
dialog: necessary...Now you already been
dialog: good enough to tell us where you
dialog: were last evening, and we've managed
dialog: to locate the gentleman you spoke
text: with on the train.
text: Turley signals to Campbell to call the professor in.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: Yes. I saw him outside.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (at open door)
dialog: Will you come in please, professor?
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: He looks up eagerly.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Professor Collins comes in and sits in a chair opposite Guy.
speaker_heading: TURLEY
dialog: Professor Collins, this is Mr. Haines.
dialog: He was with you on the train last
dialog: night.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 57.
text: The professor studies Guy for a moment, then awkwardly turns
dialog: to Turley.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: I'm terribly sorry, but I really
dialog: don't remember meeting this gentleman.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: Surprised. His confident expression fades.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP PROFESSOR COLLINS
text: He turns from the captain to Guy.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: (apologetically)
dialog: Unfortunately, I remember very little
dialog: about the journey from New York...You
dialog: see, there had been a little
dialog: celebration --
scene_heading: MED. SHOT GROUP
text: Guy interrupts with a slight note of impatience.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: But we were sitting opposite each
dialog: other in the observation car! You
dialog: were singing a song about a goat --
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: (incredulously)
dialog: A goat?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: And calculus. You were going over a
dialog: speech you'd made.
text: Turley and Campbell are watching closely.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: I was? I'm sorry, Mr. Halnes.
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: I certainly must have celebrated! I
dialog: can't remember you at all.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 58.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: Momentarily Guy is frustrated, then he turns quietly to
dialog: Turley.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (calmly, logically)
dialog: Captain, is it so important whether
dialog: or not Professor Collins remember
dialog: me? Surely, the important thing is
dialog: that I've been able to name a man
dialog: who was on the train with me. You've
dialog: been able to find him. Isn't that
dialog: proof of where I was at nine-thirty
dialog: last night?
text: Guy asks this question with a look of near triumph that he
text: has clearly established his alibi.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BURTON LIVING ROOM EVENING
text: The Burtons are having coffee. Barbara has been glancing
text: through a new murder mystery with a lurid cover. As Guy
text: enters, Anne rises to greet him.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Hello, darling. Have you had your
dialog: dinner?
speaker_heading: GUY
text: On the train.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You weren't in Metcalf all this time?
dialog: We expected you hours ago.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: I didn't. They sometimes throw a
dialog: suspect in the can and keep him there
dialog: all night.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (after a disapproving
dialog: glance at Barbara)
dialog: Sit down, Guy. Sit down. Give him
dialog: some coffee, Anne.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 59.
speaker_heading: SENATOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (back to Guy)
dialog: You had no trouble with the police
dialog: of course, once they verified your
dialog: alibi?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (morosely)
text: When an alibi is full of bourbon,
dialog: sir, it can't stand up.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: You mean the professor was boiled?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Completely. He didn't remember me.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: But, you knew he was on the train!
dialog: Wasn't that enough to prove you were
dialog: on it, too?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Apparently not at the right time.
dialog: They suggested I could have caught
dialog: the train at Baltimore after Miriam
dialog: was murdered. They had it all worked
dialog: out --
dialog: (taps his head)
dialog: in their timetables.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (growing indignant
dialog: and increasingly
dialog: nervous)
dialog: That's ridiculous. They're acting
dialog: as if you were guilty.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (somewhat subdued and
dialog: trying to be
dialog: comforting)
dialog: Everything will be all right, Anne.
dialog: The police were just being thorough --
dialog: (she's unsure of
dialog: herself, and defers
dialog: to the senator)
dialog: Weren't they, daddy?
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: I certainly hope so.
dialog: (to Guy)
dialog: What is your next step?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 60.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: Whatever it is, the police will know
dialog: it. They gave me a present -- come
dialog: take a look.
text: He crosses to the window, lifts the curtain slightly, then
text: turns back to the others.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: My guardian angel.
text: The group move to look out the window, the senator with
dialog: reluctance.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT EXT. STREET FROM THEIR VIEWPOINT
text: Through the window we see the figure of a man across the
text: street. He is lighting a cigarette and strolling up and
dialog: down.
dialog: BACK TO GROUP
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: You're being tailed!
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (turning to them)
dialog: That's Leslie Hennessy. He works
dialog: sixteen hours a day. Somebody else
text: takes over for the next eight.
dialog: (drops the curtain,
text: turns back into room)
dialog: As a matter of fact, Hennessy's a
dialog: very nice fellow.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Shouldn't we ask him in for Coffee --
dialog: or something?
text: Nobody bothers to answer her. The Senator is disturbed, but
text: confident of his own prestige as he goes back to his coffee.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: I'll have him called off immediately
dialog: of course.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 61.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: I'm afraid where I go, Hennessy goes.
dialog: Even to the Senate.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (Pausing with his cup
dialog: hallway to his mouth)
dialog: Is he likely to -- picket my office?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Very likely.
text: The Senator's cup is suddenly back on its saucer and he is
text: on his feet, pacing nervously.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: I would suggest, Guy, for your own
dialog: peace of mind, of course, that you
dialog: work here at the house for a few
dialog: days.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: It would be less embarrassing for
dialog: you.
text: Guy has been looking at Anne and is concerned at the worry
text: on her face. He nods in assent to the Senator's suggestion,
text: but puts his hand over Anne's.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (hopelessly)
dialog: Then what about practicing? Perhaps
dialog: I'd better forget Forest Hills?
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: My dear boy, wouldn't it look rather --
dialog: awkward -- if you suddenly canceled
dialog: all your plans.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: He's right, Guy. You mustn't do
dialog: anything that would look suspicious.
dialog: You've got to carry on as though
dialog: nothing has happened.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (pointing out the
dialog: window)
text: Escorted by Mr. Hennessy.
text: The are crestfallen again. RANDALL, the manservant, has
text: entered with the telephone.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 62.
speaker_heading: RANDALL
dialog: A call for you, Mr. Haines. They
dialog: say it is urgent.
text: The phone is plugged in to a connection and Guy crosses the
text: room and picks up the receiver. The Burtons watch him.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Hello --
scene_heading: INT. TELEPHONE BOOTH BIG HEAD CLOSEUP OF BRUNO
text: His face wears the most affable expression.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Hello, Guy. I tried your apartment,
dialog: but --
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Why, Guy, this is Bruno!
scene_heading: INT. BURTON LIVING ROOM
text: Guy hangs up the telephone quickly. He looks at the others,
text: awkwardly tries to explain:
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Must be some mistake. It wasn't for
dialog: me.
text: His embarrassment grows as Anne looks at him with a puzzled
dialog: expression.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON STREET APPROACHING JEFFERSONS MEMORIAL DAY
text: Guy and HENNESSY are walking along the street together, CAMERA
text: MOVING WITH THEM. Their relationship is most friendly. Guy
text: carries a briefcase. Hennessy is an amiable but not gullible
text: young man in his early thirties. He knows his job, is well
text: groomed, well educated, and well liked.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Well, I suppose I was pretty lucky
dialog: to be seeded fifth, really.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 63.
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: I've never seen the Forest Hillss
dialog: tournament before. I'm looking
dialog: forward to it.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: Do you mean we'll be going there
dialog: together, Hennessy?
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: Oh, don't worry. This thing will be
dialog: cleared up by that time.
dialog: (changes the subject)
dialog: Ever thought of turning professional,
dialog: Guy?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I won't have to do that. When I'm
dialog: through with tennis. I'll be going
dialog: into politics, I hope.
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: Politics! It's a good thing for you
dialog: I don't report that to the chief.
text: He turns to light a cigarette. As he does, Guy gives a barely
text: perceptible start at what he sees offscene.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT JEFFERSON MEMORIAL FROM GUYS VIEWPOINT
text: The tiny figure of a man is standing at the base of the tall
text: white column. The figure lifts in arm and waves. Instinct
text: tells us that this is Bruno. Hennessy is still mumbling his
dialog: opinion of politics.
speaker_heading: HENNESSY'S VOICE
dialog: If he knew you were getting into
dialog: that rat-race --
scene_heading: TWO SHOT GUY AND HENNESSY
text: Guy turns his back on Bruno's figure and looks frantically
text: toward to street, wanting to get away.
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: -- He'd put ten men on your trail.
dialog: He says --
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 64.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: Let's take this cab. It's getting
dialog: late.
text: He hails a taxi which is cruising by, and they start to get
text: in. Guy directs the driver.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Pentagon Building, please.
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: Oh, no, not there! I always get
dialog: lost.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI CLOSE SHOT
text: Guy turns and looks out of the window.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT JEFFERSON MEMORIAL
text: from Guy's viewpoint, shot through the cab window. Again we
text: see the solitary figure of Bruno looking after Guy and
text: beginning to recede with the background as the cab starts
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. GUY'S APARTMENT NIGHT
text: As Guy comes in from outside, there is a note on the floor
text: that has been pushed under the door. Guy picks it up, stares
text: at it for a minute before he opens it. He takes out a
text: handwritten note and reads it with an expression of disgust.
scene_heading: INSERT NOTE (IN GUY'S HANDS)
speaker_heading: IT READS:
dialog: Dear Guy:
dialog: We have to meet and make plans.
dialog: Call me at Arlington ----.
dialog: Time's getting short.
dialog: Bruno
text: The handwriting is sprawling and erratic, embellished with
text: conceited flourishes.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 65.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: Guy looks off for a moment with set face, then tearing the
text: note into shreds, crosses to a small desk, lights a match
text: and holds it to the fragments, letting them burn and fall
text: into an ash tray.
text: Guy looks off for a moment with set face, then tearing the
text: note into shreds, crosses to a small desk, lights a match
text: and holds it to the fragments, letting them burn and fall
text: into an ash tray.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT EXT. MELLON GALLERY LATE AFTERNOON
text: CAMERA is in a low setup, to take in the sign across the
text: doorway which identifies the gallery. Hennessy stands in
text: the foreground in front of the building, on duty.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MELLON GALLERY
text: Guy and Anne are walking slowly through a more or less
text: deserted room of the gallery. Their manner is relaxed and
dialog: intimate.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Well, we'd better be getting back.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: We've actually been alone for an
dialog: hour. Seems almost indecent. You
dialog: like?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I like.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I was beginning to feel like a
dialog: goldfish.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: So was I. When we build our house,
dialog: darling, we won't even have glass
text: windows. No doorbells, no newspapers,
dialog: no telephone --
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 66.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: No Hennessy.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (suddenly serious)
dialog: How long can it go on?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I don't know. I suppose until they
dialog: find out who did it.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: We'll be happier then, won't we?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I suppose so.
text: Anne looks it him, surprised at his lack of enthusiasm.
text: They walk on out of the picture.
text: A figure steps out from behind a pillar in the main hall of
text: the gallery, near the spot from which they have disappeared.
text: It is Bruno. He calls.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Guy!
text: Anne stops and looks back. Guy knows who it is and would
text: not turn but that he is forced to by Anne's action. He takes
text: a few steps towards Bruno.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Anne watches Guy approach this stranger. She looks downward
text: at Bruno's tie pin.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Bruno's tie pin, bearing his name, gleams in the light.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Anne reads the name on the tie pin.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
text: Guy comes up to Bruno, steps in front of him.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 67.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (muttering harshly)
dialog: Will you stop pestering me!
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: But Guy, you haven't called me. My
dialog: father's leaving for Florida the end
dialog: of this week --
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: You crazy fool! There's a detective
dialog: outside. He'll see us together!
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (brushing this off)
dialog: Oh, they can't have anything on you.
dialog: (looking past Guy)
dialog: Isn't that Anne Burton? Slight
dialog: improvement over Miriam -- eh, Guy?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Stay away from me, I tell you!
text: He leaves Bruno abruptly to rejoin Anne. Bruno looks after
text: him, a little hurt.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
text: Guy rejoins Anne and they start to walk away.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Who was it, Guy?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (unnerved)
dialog: I never saw him before. Just some
dialog: tennis fan.
text: Anne looks at him a little oddly. He seems unduly concerned
text: about a casual stranger.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ANNE
text: Her face is troubled.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 68.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. MORTON STUDY MED. SHOT
text: Guy and a secretary have set up office in the Morton study.
text: As the scene opens the secretary is handing Guy a large
dialog: envelope.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Here's a special delivery, Mr. Haines.
dialog: It's marked personal.
text: As Guy is opening the envelope, Barbara speaks to him from
text: atop a library ladder. She is getting a book from one of
text: the top shelves of a bookcase, which is next to a window.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Are you getting in any practice today,
dialog: Guy?
speaker_heading: GUY
text: (as he takes out a
text: large folded sheet
dialog: of paper and glances
dialog: at it, mystified)
dialog: Yes, if I can get a court at the
dialog: club.
text: As Guy's hands unfold the paper and hold it for moment, we
text: see that it is a diagrammed plan of the grounds and the
text: Interior of the Anthony house. There are dotted lines along
text: the upper hall, with an arrow which points to one room and
dialog: where Bruno has indicated in his handwriting, "My father's
text: room." Over this we hear the voices of Barbara and the
dialog: secretary:
speaker_heading: SECRETARY'S VOICE
dialog: Barbara, who are you waving at?
speaker_heading: BARBARA'S VOICE
dialog: Mr. Hennessy. I think it is a shame
dialog: Daddy won't let us have him in the
dialog: house to sit down. Have you met him
dialog: yet, Louise?
speaker_heading: SECRETARY'S VOICE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BARBARA'S VOICE
dialog: He is awfully cute.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 69.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy frowns, quickly folds the paper up and stuffs it into
text: his pocket. He looks off abstractedly.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP SECRETARY
text: She looks at Guy sympathetically.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Is anything wrong, Mr. Haines?
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: Her voice breaks his reverie. He answers her with a forced
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: No, thank you, Louise.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
text: TENNIS COURT AT WASHINGTON COUNTRY CLUB
text: There are twenty or thirty people sitting in the bleacher
text: seats opposite the umpire's chair. A game of mixed doubles
text: is in progress.
text: MED. SHOT AT THE ENTRANCE TO THE COURT
text: Guy appears, carrying his racquets. His partner for the
text: forthcoming game, and one or two other players, are close
dialog: by.
speaker_heading: CLOSER SHOT
text: Guy looks about him. Several people are looking at him
text: awkwardly or avoiding his eyes. He moves self-consciously
text: away, and the CAMERA PANS HIM around the court to the umpire's
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: A couple of women players whisper something about Guy as he
text: goes past them.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 70.
speaker_heading: FIRST WOMAN
dialog: I didn't think he'd show up after
dialog: what happened.
speaker_heading: SECOND WOMAN
dialog: And miss all the publicity?
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: As Guy stands at the umpire's chair, the umpire glances down
text: and gives him a rather embarrassed greeting.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: He looks across at the watching crowd.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT FROM GUY'S VIEWPOINT
text: The heads of the people in the bleachers move from side to
text: side, to follow the play on the court. One head is not
text: moving. It is staring at Guy. It is Bruno.
text: At this moment, we hear the umpire calling, "Game, set and
dialog: match" to the winning mixed doubles pair.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: His expression becomes set.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: The mixed doubles couples complete their handshaking at the
text: net and move off the court. We see Guy move up to the base
text: line while the other player takes his position for the
dialog: preliminary knock-up.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: As Guy casually knocks the ball across the net, he glances
text: again toward Bruno.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT FROM GUY'S VIEWPOINT
text: Bruno is making his way out of the small stand.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 71.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: Perplexed and apprehensive as to what Bruno may be up to.
text: He hears his opponent's voice.
speaker_heading: PLAYER'S VOICE
dialog: Ready, Guy?
text: Guy shakes off his abstraction and poises himself to receive
dialog: the ball.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: MED. SHOT PASSAGEWAY LEADING TO TERRACE
text: We see Guy coming alone, having fInIshed his game. He is
text: carrying his rackets, wears a towel around his neck, etcetera.
text: He walks into foreground, into CLOSEUP, and suddenly stops
text: short at what he sees:
scene_heading: MED. SHOT FROM GUY'S VIEWPOINT
text: The group at the table comprising Bruno, Anne and the two
text: French people. Bruno is preening himself as the others laugh
text: uproariously, obviously at something Bruno has said. Anne
text: catches sight of Guy and smiles at him.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT GUY
text: CAMERA MOVES WITH HIM as he comes forward toward the table.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT GROUP AT TABLE
text: As Guy comes into the scene. He stands staring.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Guy, darling -- this is Mr. Antony --
dialog: a friend of Monsieur and Madame
dialog: Darville...
dialog: (to Bruno)
dialog: Guy Haines.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: He gives a weak acknowledgment in Bruno's direction, realizing
text: that Bruno has wormed his way into the group and that he
dialog: must accept the introduction.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 72.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: Bruno half rises, smiles affably at Guy, reaches out his
text: hand. Guy is forced to shake hands with him
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I've been a fan of yours for a long
dialog: time, Mr. Haines. In fact, I follow
dialog: everything you do.
scene_heading: MME. DARVILLE
dialog: Mr. Antony has been telling us such
dialog: charming stories... Very funny.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: He gives another weak little smile.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: In response to the Frenchwoman's attentive and eager
text: expression, Bruno leans forward on the table and starts saying
text: something more in extremely fluent French.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ANNE
text: She is staring at Bruno with a new expression.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP FROM ANNE'S VIEWPOINT
text: Bruno's coat has spread open a bit, and his tie pin bearing
text: the name "Bruno" is resting on the edge of the table.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ANNE
text: She becomes aware that this is the man she has seen call to
text: Guy in the art museum, that they have met before. Her eyes
text: turn a little in Guy's direction, though she does not look
text: at him.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: He is still watching Bruno talk to the French couple. Guy
text: is unaware of Anne's looks. Suddenly his attention is
text: arrested by the sound of Barbara's voice calling him.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 73.
speaker_heading: BARBARA'S VOICE
dialog: Guy!
text: He turn his head and CAMERA PANS him to Barbara, who is
text: standing a few steps from the table beckoning to him.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (Sotto voce)
dialog: I've just been talking to your shadow.
dialog: (very impressed)
dialog: Guy, did you know Mr. Hennessy helped
dialog: crack that axe murder I was reading
dialog: about? You know, the one where the
text: body was cut up and hidden in the
dialog: butcher shop? He was locked in the
text: ice box with the left leg for six
dialog: hours!
speaker_heading: GUY
text: He pulls those yarns right out of
text: his hat, Babs.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: He gives a sharp look back toward Bruno. There is more
text: laughter coming from the French couple at the table.
text: CLOSE SHOT GROUP AT TABLE FROM GUY'S VIEWPOINT
text: Bruno is occupied with his French joke, but Anne is looking
text: at Guy strangely.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT GUY AND BARBARA
text: Guy turns back to Barbara. Barbara looks with interest toward
dialog: Bruno.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Who's the nice looking Frenchman
dialog: with the Darvilles?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: He's not French. His name's Antony.
text: Barbara steps toward the table.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT AT TABLE
text: as Barbara joins the group.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 74.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: How do you do, Madame Darville.
dialog: Monsieur.
text: They looks up.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP BRUNO
text: Bruno stops in the middle of some French to stare at Barbara.
text: Her voice continues.
speaker_heading: BARBARA'S VOICE
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: FRENCH COUPLES' VOICES
dialog: Delightful to see you. How sweet
dialog: you look, Miss Barbara.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT BARBARA FROM BRUNO VIEWPOINT
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I hope you aren't forgetting our
dialog: little party on Thursday, Madame.
text: From Bruno's viewpoint, as Barbara speaks,CAMERA MOVES IN
text: CLOSER until to faintest impression of the merry-go-round
text: fills the screen with the effect of whirling around Barbara's
text: head. Her glasses seem to glint until her eyes are
text: obliterated by the glare.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT THE GROUP
scene_heading: MME. DARVILLE
dialog: We are planning on it?
speaker_heading: M. DARVILLE
dialog: But of course.
text: All talk dies out as all eyes turn to Bruno, who is staring
text: at Barbara. Except Anne's, who is saying quietly to Bruno:
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: This is my sister Barbara. Barbara,
dialog: this is Mr. Antony.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP BRUNO
text: He does not acknowledge the introduction immediately. He is
text: still staring at Barbara. Then he nods abstractedly.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 75.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ANNE
text: She is looking at Bruno, wondering what mystery lies behind
dialog: this strange individual and why he and Guy have disclaimed
dialog: any previous acquaintance.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. GUY'S APARTMENT NIGHT
scene_heading: CLOSEUP A LUGER PISTOL HELD IN GUY'S HANDS
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK TO SHOW Guy staring down at it. He is
text: partially dressed for an evening party, in black bow tie but
text: without his jacket. He leans forward to take up a letter
text: from among brown paper wrappings on the table.
speaker_heading: INSERT: LETTER
dialog: Dear Guy --
dialog: Just two more days left. We must
dialog: get together for final details.
text: The note, in Bruno's handwriting, is unsigned.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: He stares down at the note. At this moment there is a knock
text: at the door.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy hastily gather together the gun, the note and the
text: wrappings and puts them in a dresser drawer. He crosses to
text: the door and opens it. Hennessy enters, carrying a topcoat.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Hiya, Hennessy. Won't keep you out
dialog: late tonight.
dialog: (getting into his
dialog: dinner jacket)
text: With Forest Hills coming up tomorrow,
dialog: I've got to get some sleep.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 76.
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: (helping himself to a
dialog: cigarette)
dialog: That's too bad. Hammond takes over
dialog: in a couple of hours. I'd like to
dialog: see him earn his salary.
text: Guy turns to the dresser drawer in which he has put the note
text: and the gun, maneuvering his body between the dresser and
text: Hennessy's view. He takes out a handkerchief, closes the
text: drawer, sticks the handkerchief in his pocket, speaking as
text: he does so.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Doesn't that bloodhound over relax?
text: He sticks so close he's beginning to
dialog: grow on me -- like a fungus.
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: (mildly)
dialog: He thinks you're a very suspicious
dialog: character. He doesn't trust anybody!
dialog: Not even himself.
text: Guy is eager to get out of the room, and Hennessy is
text: maddeningly slow in his movements.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Come on.
dialog: (indicating at Hennessy
dialog: overcoat)
dialog: Don't forget your sleeping bag.
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: (taking his time)
dialog: Yeah, If I have to wait too long on
dialog: the sidewalk my feet get cold. And
dialog: if I sit too long on those stone
dialog: steps, my --
text: Guy has the door open and eases Hennessy toward the haIl.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Don't worry. Since you told Barbara
dialog: Burton about the icebox, you're her
dialog: favorite charity. She'll send the
dialog: butler out with something to defrost
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Cute kid.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 77.
text: He's gone, and with a last glance at the dresser, Guy goes
text: out and closes the door.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BURTON HOUSE LONG SHOT NIGHT
text: The street outside the Burton house is lined with cars and
text: limousines. Various guests are arriving.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: On the opposite side of the street we see Hennessy, now
text: wearing his topcoat. He looks bored as he glances across
text: the street to the house.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BURTON HOUSE BIG HEAD CLOSEUP OF ANNE
text: Her face is troubled. CAMERA BEGINS TO PULL BACK. We see
text: now that the reception is in progress and that Anne stands
text: beside her father to greet the arriving guests. CAMERA PULLS
text: BACK FURTHER to show us a full view of a very crowded
text: Washington gathering Many white ties and tails and decollete
text: in evidence. Many accents. Even some foreign languages are
text: being spoken. Music and chatter in the b.g.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Anne and the Senator are still greeting new arrivals. Anne's
text: manner is somewhat preoccupied. She glances around as she
text: speaks, as though looking for someone.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (to new arrival)
dialog: Thank you so much, Mr. Lindsay.
dialog: We'll look forward to it.
scene_heading: PANNING SHOT FROM ANNE'S VIEWPOINT
text: THE CAMERA PASSES various groups of guests in conversation
text: including Guy and Barbara who are together. From this
text: distance we cannot hear what they are saying. CAMERA
text: CONTINUES TO the front door. It opens to admit a new arrival.
text: It is Bruno. He wears white tie and tails, looking very
dialog: elegant.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 78.
text: We see Guy excuse himself from Barbara, cross to Bruno and
text: speak to him angrily, obviously asking, "What are you doing
text: here?" Bruno, however, greets Guy with a smile then turns
text: from him, unperturbed and bland. He sees Anne and moves
text: toward her, smiling.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ANNE
text: As Bruno comes in her direction, Anne's expression shows her
text: mystification and concern about Bruno's presence and about
text: Guy's attitude toward him.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Bruno comes up to Anne and the Senator. He gives a slight
text: bow to the Senator; then puts his hand out to Anne.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Good evening, Miss Burton.
text: The Senator looks inquiringly. Anne makes the introduction.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: This is Mr. Antony, father.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: How do you do, sir.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I'd like to talk to you sometime,
dialog: Senator, about my idea of harnessing
dialog: the life force. It will make atomic
text: power look like the horse and buggy.
dialog: (the Senator and Anne
dialog: are beginning to
dialog: look at him in
dialog: amazement)
dialog: I'm already developing my faculty
dialog: for seeing millions of miles. And,
dialog: Senator, can you imagine being able
dialog: to smell a flower on the planet of
dialog: Mars? I'd like to lunch with you
dialog: some day soon and tell you more about
dialog: it.
text: Interrupted by new arrivals, Bruno moves away out of the
text: picture, with a charming smile to Anne.
text: The Senator greets the new guests with open mouth and simply
text: shakes their hands while glancing off in direction of the
text: departing Bruno.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 79.
speaker_heading: DOWAGER
dialog: (to Senator)
dialog: So nice to see you, my dear Senator.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: Ah yes, indeed -- I beg your pardon?
text: She realizes he hasn't heard a word she's said and haughtily
text: moves on. The Senator turns to Anne.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (still looking after
dialog: Bruno)
dialog: I don't remember inviting that young
dialog: man. Who is he?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: A friend of the Darvilles.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: He has an unusual personality.
dialog: Provocative.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ANNE
text: She looks off in Bruno's direction extremely disturbed at
text: this new aspect of the mysterious stranger.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: He is watching Bruno.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy sees Bruno join a group of several ladies who are seated
text: on a settee and a couple of older men who are standing by.
text: A waiter comes along with a tray of drinks. Bruno takes
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP BARBARA
text: She comes from the same direction that Guy came. She stops
text: short as she sees:
scene_heading: MED. SHOT FROM BARBARA'S VIEWPOINT
text: Bruno is now heartily joining in conversation with one of
text: the elderly gentlemen.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 80.
text: CLOSE SHOT BRUNO AND GROUP
text: Bruno talking to an elderly, dignified gentlemen.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: But tell me, Judge, after you've
dialog: sentenced a man to the chair, isn't
dialog: it difficult to go and eat your dinner
dialog: after that?
speaker_heading: JUDGE
text: Young man, when a murderer is caught,
dialog: he must be tried. When he is
dialog: convicted, he must be sentenced.
text: When he is sentenced to death, he
dialog: must be executed.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Quite impersonal, isn't it, sir?
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: So it is. Besides, it doesn't happen
dialog: every day.
text: At this moment, Anne comes into the scene. She hesitates as
text: she hears Bruno's answer.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: So few murderers are caught.
text: The Judge moves out of the way. Bruno smiles blandly at the
text: ladies. One of them speaks to him.
scene_heading: MRS. CUNNINGHAM
dialog: Well, Mr. Antony, you seem very
text: interested in the subject of murder.
text: Anne looks more troubled, then moves on out of the scene.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: No more than anyone else. No more
dialog: than you, for instance.
scene_heading: MRS. CUNNINGHAM
dialog: Me? I'm not interested in murder.
text: Bruno pulls up a chair to face the two woman on the settee,
text: sits down, straddling the seat, to look at them over the
text: back of the chair and settle down for a nice conversation.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 81.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (his tone is teasing)
dialog: Oh, come now, everyone's interested
dialog: in that. Everyone would like to put
dialog: someone out of the way. Now surely,
dialog: Madame, you're not going to tell me
dialog: that there hasn't been a time when
dialog: you wanted to dispose of someone.
dialog: Your husband, for instance.
scene_heading: MRS. CUNNINGHAM
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Good heavens, no!
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (playfully)
dialog: Ah ah!
dialog: (shaking a finger at
dialog: her)
dialog: Are you sure? Do you mean to tell
dialog: me there wasn't a tiny moment - when
dialog: you'd been made really angry? And
dialog: what did you say?
scene_heading: MRS. CUNNINGHAM
dialog: (squirms, giggling)
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: There you are, you see! There you
dialog: are! All right, now you're going --
dialog: to do a murder. How are you going
dialog: to do it? This is the fascinating
dialog: part -- how are you going to do it...I
dialog: didn't get your name?
scene_heading: MRS. CUNNINGHAM
dialog: Mrs. Cunningham.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Mrs. Cunningham, how are you going
dialog: to do it?
scene_heading: MRS. CUNNINGHAM
dialog: (entering into the
dialog: spirit of the play)
dialog: Well, I suppose I'll have to get a
text: gun from somewhere.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Tssk, tssk. Oh no, Mrs. Cunningham.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 82.
speaker_heading: BRUNO (CONT'D)
dialog: Bang, bang, all over the place.
dialog: Blood everywhere?
text: The other woman joins in:
scene_heading: MRS. ANDERSON
dialog: What about a little poison?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Ah! That's better, that's better.
dialog: Mrs.....?
scene_heading: MRS. ANDERSON
dialog: Anderson.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (he is thoroughly
dialog: enjoying himself)
dialog: That's better, Mrs. Anderson. But
dialog: Mrs. Cunningham is in a dreadful
dialog: hurry. Poison could take...let's
dialog: see...ten to twelve weeks, if poor
dialog: Mr. Cunningham is to die from natural
dialog: causes.
scene_heading: MRS. CUNNINGHAM
dialog: I have a wonderful Idea! I can take
text: him out in the car and when I get to
text: a lonely spot, knock him on the head
text: with a hammer, pour gasoline over
text: him and over the car and start the
text: whole thing ablaze.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (looks at her
dialog: deprecatingly)
dialog: And then have to walk all that way
dialog: home?
text: Mrs. Anderson laughs.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: No, I have the best way, and the
dialog: best tools.
dialog: (he holds out his
dialog: hands and shows them)
text: Simple, silent, and quick. The silent
dialog: part being the most important. Let
dialog: me show you what I mean.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 83.
speaker_heading: BRUNO (CONT'D)
text: (he raises his hands
dialog: toward Mrs.
dialog: Cunningham's throat,
text: then stops a moment
dialog: to ask)
dialog: You don't mind if I borrow your neck
dialog: for a moment do you?
scene_heading: MRS. CUNNINGHAM
dialog: (giggles)
dialog: Well, it's not for long.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Oh! no.
text: (he takes a drink and
text: puts his glass down)
dialog: Now, when I nod my head, just see if
dialog: you can cry out, and I bet you can't.
text: (he places his hands
dialog: around Mrs.
dialog: Cunningham's neck)
dialog: Now with my two thumbs...you see
dialog: that's where I'll be able to prevent
dialog: any sound coming from you. Now,
dialog: just wait for the nod of my head.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP BRUNO
text: As he starts to Press her neck, his eyes wander from the
text: face of his "victim" to someone else off scene.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT BARBARA
text: She is watching this rather unorthodox demonstration. The
text: CAMERA MOVES UP until her head fills the screen. Her glasses
text: glint in the light.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP BRUNO
text: He is now transfixed. His breathing becomes heavy. A strange
text: expression comes over his face. He still stares off at
dialog: Barbara.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT BARBARA
text: We see the whirling merry-go-round spinning around her head.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 84.
scene_heading: BIG HEAD CLOSEUP BRUNO
text: He now seem to have almost gone into a trance. Over the
text: shot we begin to HEAR a strangled cry, and a broken
text: exclamation, then Mrs. Anderson's voice.
scene_heading: MRS. ANDERSON'S VOICE
dialog: Mr. Antony! Mr. Antony!
speaker_heading: ANOTHER VOICE
dialog: Stop him! Stop him!
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Bruno's wrists and hands and the neck of his victim. We can
text: just see Mrs. Cunningham's chin at the top of the screen.
text: Her head is tossing from side to side. Her hands are
text: clutching at Bruno's wrists. The hands of the other two
text: women, also in the picture, are pulling at Bruno's wrists.
text: Mrs. Cunningham's hands begin to slide off. Her head drops
dialog: back.
dialog: Over this we HEAR cries of:
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Stop him!
dialog: Help, somebody!
dialog: Pull him off!
dialog: Mr. Antony! Mr. Antony!
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP BRUNO
text: His body is swaying slightly at the various efforts to drag
text: him away from Mrs. Cunningham. His eyes begin to close, and
text: slowly he falls away from the picture in a dead faint on the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: There is a rush of people around Mrs. Cunningham, who is
text: breathing frantically, her eyes opening and closing. A couple
text: of women are feebly slapping her hands, someone else is
text: fanning her face.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: The Senator and Guy rush into the picture. They look at the
text: fallen Bruno. They search around for an explanation. Other
text: man come in ad they start to pick Bruno up.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 85.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Bring him this way.
text: Guy gives a quick look in direction of Mrs. Cunningham, sees
text: that she is being attended to.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: Anne rushes into the picture. She sees Bruno being helped
text: to his feet; then turns her attention to Mrs. Cunningham,
text: who has now somewhat recovered. Mrs. Cunningham is helped
text: to the settee. There is a babble of women's voices trying
dialog: to explain what has happened.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (thru the babble)
dialog: Bring her upstairs.
text: As the two groups pass off in different directions, the few
text: people who ran into the scene late are asking the others
dialog: what the disturbance is. "What's wrong?" "Did she faint?"
dialog: "I didn't see anything." "What happened to him?" "Somebody
text: hurt?" But one small figure stands in the clear. It is
text: Barbara, She is still transfixed by what she has seen. Her
text: hands are trembling. CAMERA MOVES SLOWLY IN ON HER. We see
text: that her lips are trembling, too, and in her eyes frightened
text: tears are welling. Her breath is heavy.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY
text: Bruno is stretched out on a settee. He is completely out.
text: His collar and tie are open. Two or three of the male guests
text: are just leaving the room. The Senator remains behind for a
dialog: moment with Guy.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: I thought he was a bit weird when he
dialog: arrived. Who is he?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I hardly know him, sir.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: Get him out of here as soon as you
dialog: decently can -- will you. This is a
dialog: nice item for the gossips. First
dialog: thing you know, they'll be talking
dialog: about orgies. I'd better get back...
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 86.
text: The Senator leaves. Guy stands over Bruno's outstretched
dialog: figure.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: Bruno is now half awake. Almost without seeing Guy, he
text: staggers to his feet and begins to make his way to the door.
text: Guy advances, and with a sharp thrust, pushes Bruno back on
text: the settee.
text: Bruno looks and sees Guy clearly for the first time.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: What happened? I was on a merry-go-
dialog: round somewhere. It made me dizzy.
text: Guy moves forward, and thrusting his hand in Bruno's open
text: shirt, pulls him to his feet. Bruno ignores Guy's violence
dialog: and remain puzzled.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: You're a mad, crazy maniac, and you
dialog: ought to be locked-up! Now will you
dialog: get out of here and let me alone?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: But, Guy --
text: Guy smashes Bruno in the jaw, in utter disgust, and knocks
text: him back onto the settee. Bruno looks up from his sprawled
text: position, a dull look in his eye.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: You shouldn't have done that, Guy.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (subsiding)
dialog: Come on -- pull yourself together.
dialog: Do your tie up.
text: Bruno staggers to his feet. He fumbles at his collar. As
text: he crosses to him, CAMERA MOVES IN to a CLOSER SHOT.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Here -- let me.
text: He fixes Bruno's shirt and collar together and quickly ties
text: his white bow. Bruno stands swaying like a small boy as Guy
dialog: does this.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 87.
text: CAMERA PANS WITH THEM as Guy starts to escort Bruno from the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Have you got a car here?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (mumbling)
text: Driver's outside.
text: They pass trough door into the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. HALL MEDIUM SHOT
text: One or two of the guests turn their heads as Guy takes Bruno
text: across to the front door.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Barbara appears in the hallway, coming from the crowded
text: sitting room. She watches the two men go out the front door.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: Bruno and Guy going out the front door. The man-servant
text: does not close it immediately, so we are able to HEAR the
text: call for Mr. Antony's car.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP BARBARA
text: She turns her head and looks up the stairs. Barbara has not
text: quite recovered from her ordeal. She hurries forward to
text: greet Anne who is hurrying down the stairs.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
text: CAMERA PANS DOWN with Anne as she descends the last few steps.
text: Barbara enters the picture and the two girls meet at the
text: foot of the stairs.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: What's the matter, Barbara? Did you
dialog: see it happen? Did you see it --
dialog: all?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 88.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP BARBARA
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (still shaken)
dialog: He looked at me! His hands were on
text: her throat, but, he was strangling
dialog: me!
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ANNE
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: How do you mean?
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
speaker_heading: BARBARA
text: He was looking at her first. Then
text: he looked over at me. He went into
dialog: a sort of trance
dialog: (shudders)
dialog: He looked horrible!
dialog: (reflectively)
dialog: He thought he was murdering me.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ANNE
text: She looks away, with growing consciousness of the situation
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Anne, why me? Why me? What did I
dialog: have to do with it?
text: Anne is extremely concerned and thoughtful. Suddenly she
text: gets an idea and with a pat on Barbara's arm, asks hurriedly:
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Do you know where Guy is?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: He went out with that man!
text: Anne hurries to the front door and passes through.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 89.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE
text: Anne comes out onto the steps and looks around. She stops
text: short as she sees:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT EXT. STREET FROM ANNE'S VIEWPOINT
text: There are cars lined up outside on the street. One limousine
text: is pulling up in the center, two figures at the passenger
text: door. One is climbing in. The other is Guy.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ANNE
text: She calls out urgently:
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Guy!
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Guy turns and closes the door.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT FROM ANNE'S VIEWPOINT
text: The limousine moves off and Guy comes toward her.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: Anne comes down the steps and intercepts Guy on the sidewalk.
text: She leads him along a few paces and then stops and faces
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CLOSE TWO SHOT
text: Anne nods off in the direction of the departed Bruno and
text: speaks in a desperate, low voice.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You didn't meet him for the first
dialog: time the other day, did you, Guy?
text: Guy stares at her for a moment.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: You mean when you introduced us at
dialog: the club?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 90.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Yes. Did you notice how he stared
dialog: at Barbara that day?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: Well, I didn't -- particularly --
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (breaks in)
dialog: He stared at her again tonight --
text: while his hands were around Mrs.
text: Cunningham's throat.
text: Guy looks at Anne with an expression of growing fear and
text: alarm. She goes on inexorably:
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: What did Miriam look like, Guy.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: Well, why do you ask me? You've
dialog: seen her pictures in the paper.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Go on, I want you to tell me.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (haltingly)
dialog: Well, she was dark, not too tall,
dialog: rather pretty --
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: What else is there?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: She wore glasses, didn't she?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: She looked a lot like Barbara, didn't
dialog: she?
text: Guy suddenly begins to realize what Anne is getting at.
text: Anne lowers her head, deliberately avoids looking at Guy, as
dialog: she asks:
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 91.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: How did you get him to do it, Guy.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I get him to do it?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: He killed Miriam, didn't he? Tell
dialog: me, Guy!
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (suddenly bursting
dialog: out)
dialog: He's a maniac. I met him on the
dialog: train going to Metcalf. He had a
dialog: crazy scheme about exchanging murders.
dialog: I do his murder and he do mine.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: What do you mean -- your murder,
dialog: Guy?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Well, he'd read about me in the paper.
dialog: He knew about Miriam -- and about
dialog: you. He suggested that if he got
dialog: rid of Miriam for me, I should kill
dialog: his father.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You must have realized he was talking
dialog: a lot of nonsense!
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Of course! I didn't give it another
dialog: thought. And now a lunatic wants me
dialog: to kill his father.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (beginning to believe)
dialog: It's too fantastic!
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Yes, isn't it?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You mean you've known about Miriam
dialog: all this time?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 92.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Since the first night. He gave me
text: her glasses.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Why didn't you call the police?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: And have them say what you did --
dialog: "Mr. Haines, how did you get him to
dialog: do it?" And Bruno would say we'd
dialog: planed it together.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Oh, Guy -- what can we do?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I don't know, Anne...I don't know.
speaker_heading: ANNE
text: (With an anxious look
dialog: across the street)
dialog: Guy, hadn't we better go inside?
dialog: Your friend Hennessy's watching us.
dialog: (she Shudders)
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: You see, Anne, that's why I didn't
dialog: want you to know anything about this.
dialog: I wanted to protect all of you --
dialog: your father, Barbara. And now that
dialog: you know, you're acting guilty, too.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: Oh, if we could only talk to father
dialog: or someone about it.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: No, that's no good, Anne. I mustn't
dialog: drag anyone else into this mess.
dialog: Come on. Let's go in.
text: They go toward the house.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 93.
text: TWO SHOT ACROSS THE STREET
text: As Hennessy watches Anne and Guy go toward the house, his
text: relief, HAMMOND, comes up. Hammond's a zealous, hard-eyed
dialog: sleuth.
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: (a little glum)
dialog: Hello, Hammond.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: You look worried. What's the matter?
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: You'd better keep on your toes.
dialog: Something funny's going on.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. GUY'S APARTMENT LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Still in his dinner clothes, Guy is seated in deep thought
text: near the telephone, wrestling with his problem. There is an
text: open telephone directory in front of him. He comes to a
text: decision, picks up the telephone and dials a number. He
text: waits for the answer, then:
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Bruno? Yes, yes, it's Guy...I've
dialog: decided to do what you want. I'll
dialog: make that little visit to father....
dialog: (listens a moment)
dialog: Tonight.
dialog: (listens another moment)
dialog: Yes, I want to get this thing over
dialog: with, can you leave the house again,
dialog: Bruno?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You'd better stay out till daylight.
text: Guy hangs up, rises and starts to move with purpose for his
dialog: night's activities.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. GUY'S APARTMENT NIGHT
text: Guy is sitting at the table. He is dressed differently,
text: having changed from his dinner clothes to a sack suit. There
text: is only one lamp lighted in the room. Guy presents a grim
dialog: picture.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 94.
text: He is studying the plan of Bruno's house, and he picks up
text: the key Bruno sent along with it. Finally he looks at his
text: watch, then folds the plan and puts it in his pocket with
text: the key. He rises, crosses to the chest of drawers, opens
text: the top drawer.
scene_heading: INSERT: THE OPEN DRAWER
text: Guy's hands take out the Luger. His hand then picks up
text: Miriam's glasses from the drawer, holds them a moment. He
text: is about to put them back, then decides to take them along,
text: puts them into his pocket.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: CAMERA PANS GUY across to the window. He parts the curtains
text: slightly and looks out.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT ON STREET (FROM GUY'S VIEWPOINT)
text: Hammond is lighting a cigarette as he strolls in front of
dialog: the house.
scene_heading: INT. GUY'S APARTMENT
text: Guy crosses to his door, which he opens surreptitiously.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT CORRIDOR
text: Guy glances down the stairs, then closes the door behind him
text: quietly and moves away to a window at the turn of the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE ESCAPE
text: Guy comes out of the window onto the second floor fire escape.
text: He creeps stealthily down and emerges into a narrow alleyway.
text: He steps back into the shadows for a moment when he sees:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT FROM GUY'S VIEWPOINT (PROCESS)
text: The strolling figure of Hammond on the far side of the street.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 95.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy turns away and is soon lost in the darkness of the street.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A TALL PAIR OF ELABORATE IRON GATES NIGHT
text: We are on the inside of the gates. We see them swing open
text: slightly and the figure of Guy edges through them.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Guy leaves the gates ajar and then, taking the plan of Bruno's
text: house from his pocket, and the key, he looks toward the house.
scene_heading: EXT. STEPS LONG SHOT NIGHT
text: This is a long flight of steps. Moonlit. They are lined
text: with tall black cypress trees which throw their shadows across
text: the steps. Guy moves out of one shadow, into another and
text: carefully starts up the stairs.
speaker_heading: AT THE DOOR
text: He pauses, looks about for a moment and listens. Then he
text: puts the key into the lock, finding it with his flashlight.
text: The door opens a few inches. He turns off the flash, and
text: enters.
scene_heading: INT. ANTONY HOME ENTRANCE HALL
text: As Guy moves in soundlessly and closes the door. He looks
text: toward the stairs which are in shadow.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy starts up the stairs slowly. He carries his flashlight
dialog: and the plan.
text: AT THE TOP OF THE STAIRS THE DOG
text: A huge shadow lies it the head of the stairs. As Guy comes
text: slowly up the stairs, the Great Dane looks down at him.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 96.
text: GUY ON THE STAIRS
text: He reacts to the sight of the dog, stops an instant, and
text: turn on his flashlight. The heavy massive face of the dog
text: looks straight down at him. Guy turns off the flashlight
text: and after a moment of indecision starts slowly up the stairs
text: once more, the dog watching every step he takes.
scene_heading: UPPER HALLWAY
text: Guy comes up the last few stairs and still the dog hasn't
text: moved. Guy slowly edges past him and the Great Dane's head
text: turns to watch him.
speaker_heading: GUY
text: moving quietly along the hallway, approaches two doors. He
text: takes out his flash and identifies the door with his plan.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: The plan shows two doors in relation to the stairway. The
text: first one is clearly marked: "MY room." The adjoining door
dialog: is marked: "My FATHER'S room."
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT GUY
text: He pauses at the first door, then passes it quietly, walking
text: on to the next one. He turns the knob soundlessly and passes
text: through into the room.
scene_heading: INT. ANTONY BEDROOM LONG SHOT
text: The room is in darkness except for the dim outline of the
text: recumbent figure in the bed. We hear Guy's voice, in a loud
dialog: whisper:
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Mr. Antony!
text: The figure stirs.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Guy takes a stop closer to the bed.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 97.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: Mr. Antony! Don't be alarmed -- but
dialog: I must talk to you about your son.
dialog: About Bruno. Mr. Antony!
text: The figure on the bed turns and a hand stretches out toward
text: a bedside light. The light goes on with a sudden glare.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP FACE OF BRUNO IN THE LIGHT (LOW CAMERA)
text: The low CAMERA throws a vast shadow up on the wall behind
text: him, creating a grimace of his smile.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Yes, Mr. Haines?
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: His face is dead.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Bruno rises from the bed and sits on the and of it. He is
text: fully dressed, just as he was at the party, in white tie and
dialog: tails.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (politely)
dialog: My father isn't home tonight, Mr.
dialog: Haines.
text: (smiles grimly at
dialog: Guy's surprise)
dialog: I was about to tell you that over
dialog: the phone. But you came to such a
dialog: sudden decision. I wondered why.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (recovering quickly)
dialog: Since you sent me a key to your house,
dialog: I decided to use it -- to make a
dialog: little social call on your father.
dialog: I thought he'd be Interested to know
dialog: he his a lunatic son.
text: The faintest flicker of Bruno's eyes indicates the intensity
text: of his reaction. He stares hard at Guy.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 98.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Then a I correct, Mr. Haines, in
dialog: assuming that you have no intention
dialog: of going ahead with our arrangement?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: No intention whatsoever. I never
dialog: had.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I see. You won't have any further
dialog: use for the key, then, Mr. Haines.
dialog: (he holds out his
dialog: hand and Guy gives
dialog: him the key)
dialog: Thank you very such.
text: As Bruno continues to stare at him, Guy takes out the Luger.
text: For a moment a look of fear comes into Bruno's face as he
text: thinks Guy will probably shoot him. After a pause, Guy tosses
text: the gun on the bed.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Or this.
text: Bruno's relief turns again to menace. He picks up the gun
text: and fingers it nervously.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (kindly)
dialog: Look, Bruno. You're terribly sick.
dialog: (haltingly)
dialog: I don't know whether it's possible
dialog: for you to realize it or not. I
dialog: don't know much about these things,
dialog: Bruno. But why don't you go someplace
dialog: where you can get some treatment?
dialog: Not only for your own sake, Bruno,
dialog: but you can't go on causing more and
dialog: more destruction to anyone you happen
dialog: to meet.
text: Bruno pays no attention. He rises.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
text: Guy's arguments have made no impression on Bruno whatsoever.
text: He fingers the gun.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I don't like to be doublecrossed.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 99.
speaker_heading: BRUNO (CONT'D)
dialog: I have a murder on my conscience,
dialog: but it's not my murder, Mr. Haines --
dialog: it's yours. And as you're the one
dialog: to profit, I think you should be the
dialog: one to pay for it.
text: For an instant his nervous hands seem to be struggling with
dialog: the urge to kill Guy.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (gives up)
dialog: Well, I guess it's no use, Bruno.
dialog: We sees to have nothing further to
dialog: discuss.
text: Bruno goes to the door in silent acquiescence and opens it
dialog: for Guy to pass through.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY MED. SHOT
text: Guy walks toward the stairs, tense and apprehensive. Bruno
text: is following him, still holding the gun. When the Great
text: Dane sees Bruno it gets to its feet, as if waiting for a
dialog: command.
text: Guy starts down the stairs but Bruno stays where he is, the
text: dog beside him. Gay turns and looks back it this tableaux
text: of menace.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Don't worry. I'm not going to shoot
dialog: you, Mr. Haines. It might disturb
dialog: mother.
dialog: (with a feeling of
dialog: power)
dialog: I'm a very clever follow. I'll think
dialog: of something better than that. Much
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: Bruno remains in the foreground of the scene as Guy proceeds
text: on down the stairs. We see him open the front door and pass
dialog: through.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 100.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET ACROSS GUY'S APARTMENT EARLY
text: CLOSE SHOT HENNESSY AND HAMMOND MORNING
text: Hennessy is relieving Hammond who has kept watch on Guy's
dialog: apartment night.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: (in the middle of his
dialog: story)
text: He came back at three twenty-five.
dialog: I didn't even know he'd given me the
dialog: slip until his 'phone kept ringing
text: for about half an hour. Nobody sleeps
dialog: that sound. So I got the janitor to
dialog: let me in. No Haines.
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Wonder where he went?
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: We'll probably hear of another dame
dialog: murdered.
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Shut up. I'd better contact Metcalf.
dialog: I should think this calls for more
dialog: questioning of Mr. Haines.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: Questioning? Nuts! Let's take him
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: My dear Mr. Hamond, how many times
dialog: do I have to tell you that we have
dialog: nothing conclusive on Haines? There's
dialog: no evidence that he was ever at the
dialog: scene of the crime. Can't you get
dialog: that into your thick head?
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Now stay put till I get back.
text: As he starts away --
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 101.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. ANTONY LIVING ROOM LATE MORNING
text: Anne and Mrs. Antony are in the middle of a conversation.
text: Anne's manner is tense and purposeful, Mrs. Antony's much
dialog: less serious.
scene_heading: MRS. ANTONY
dialog: Oh, now, Miss Burton, really! I
dialog: know Bruno's been in some very awkward
dialog: scrapes, but nothing so ridiculous
dialog: as a murder.
dialog: (she gives a short
dialog: little laugh)
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: But, Mrs. Antony, you've got to make
dialog: him do something about this. Don't
dialog: you see that just one word from him
dialog: would extricate Guy from this dreadful
dialog: situation?
scene_heading: MRS. ANTONY
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: Oh, but Miss Burton, I'm sure this
dialog: thing must be some practical joke.
dialog: You know, Bruno sometimes goes too
dialog: far.
dialog: (girl to girl)
dialog: Of course I shouldn't be saying this
dialog: to an outsider, but sometimes he's
dialog: terribly irresponsible and gets into
dialog: all kinds of escapades.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: But don't you understand, Mrs. Antony --
dialog: your son is responsible for a woman's
dialog: death.
scene_heading: MRS. ANTONY
dialog: (drawing herself up
dialog: with some hauteur)
dialog: Did Bruno tell you this?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Of course not, Mrs. Antony.
scene_heading: MRS. ANTONY
dialog: (that settles it)
dialog: Well, there you are.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 102.
speaker_heading: MRS. ANTONY (CONT'D)
text: (she sighs and rises,
dialog: winding it up)
dialog: Well, Miss Burton, it was very nice
dialog: of you to call. You must excuse me
dialog: now. I must get back to my painting.
dialog: Do you care for painting, Miss Burton?
dialog: I find it so soothing.
dialog: (shakes Anne's hand)
dialog: You must come again sometime.
text: She goes out. Anne is left helpless, standing in the middle
text: of the room. She picks up her purse and is about to go when
text: she hears a voice:
speaker_heading: BRUNO'S VOICE
dialog: Oh, Miss Burton!
text: Anne turns back in direction of the voice. CAMERA PULLS
text: BACK until we can see the feet of Bruno protruding from behind
text: a chair in which he is sitting. He has obviously heard the
text: entire conversation between Anne and his mother. Bruno rises.
text: He is in dressing gown and pajamas.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I'm afraid mother wasn't very helpful,
dialog: was she?
text: (he strolls toward
dialog: Anne)
dialog: You know she hasn't been well for a
dialog: long time. She's a little -- how
dialog: shall I say -- confused.
text: (shakes his head
dialog: commiseratingly)
dialog: Poor mother.
text: Anne is too stunned to speak.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: You know, I'm very upset with Guy.
dialog: He shouldn't have sent you on an
dialog: errand like this.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Guy doesn't know I'm here, Mr. Antony.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: He's been leading you up the garden
dialog: path, I'm afraid. He must be very
dialog: desperate to try to involve me.
dialog: I've been protecting him ever since
dialog: we had that conversation on the train
dialog: and he told me how he hated his wife.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 103.
text: Bruno is now standing near the window a little apart from
text: Anne, with his back to him. He takes something out of the
text: pocket of his dressing gown and looks down at it in his hand.
text: It is Guy's lighter. Suddenly he stuffs it back his pocket
text: and turn back to Anne.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Why, do you know, Miss Burton, he
dialog: tried to get me to go back to the
dialog: island one night after dark and pick
dialog: up his lighter so the police wouldn't
dialog: find it? He dropped it there, you
dialog: know, when -- well, that night.
text: Anne's horror is growing.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: The whole thing's been worrying me
dialog: so much. But of course I couldn't
dialog: do it, Miss Burton. It would have
dialog: been too risky. And besides, it
dialog: would have made me an accessory.
text: Anne stares at this insane man and sinks on the settee. She
text: starts to cry in sheer frustration. Bruno goes to her
text: sympathetically.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Miss Burton, I know how you feel.
text: He puts his hand on her shoulder. Anne flings it off. There
text: is an awkward pause as Bruno looks down at her. Then he
text: begins to look around restlessly.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Miss Burton, you must excuse me. I
dialog: have an urgent appointment.
dialog: (looks it his watch)
dialog: I must go up and change. Now, I
dialog: really must go...if you'll excuse
dialog: me...
text: He turns, starts out of the room and up the stairs in the
text: hall. Anne watches him.
scene_heading: STAIRWAY FROM ANNE'S VIEWPOINT
text: Bruno turns and waves to Anne from the landing, then goes on
text: up the stairs.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 104.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM MED. SHOT
text: Anne slowly rises, a lonely figure in the large room, and
text: makes her way out.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT FOREST HILL STADIUM
text: Grouped. A game is in progress.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT A TERRACE NEAR THE MAIN STADIUM (PROCESS)
text: where people get refreshments. There are various table with
text: umbrellas.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT AT ONE OF TABLE (PROCESS)
text: Anne and Guy are seated at the table.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: ...And he said that if the police
dialog: found your lighter there, that's all
dialog: they'd need -- something to prove
dialog: you were at the scene of the murder.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: That big lie about my wanting him to
dialog: get it back means he's going to put
dialog: my lighter on that island!
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: Guy, you'll have to get there before
dialog: he does. You won't have time to
dialog: play, You'd better tell them.
text: (she nods her head in
dialog: the direction of the
dialog: center court)
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Darling, if that loudspeaker announces
dialog: that I'm not going to play, Hennessy
dialog: bound to be suspicious He'd keep me
dialog: from ever getting near Metcalf.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Then I'll go.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 105.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: No, darling.
text: (he puts his hand on
dialog: hers and speaks
dialog: firmly, with concern
dialog: for her safety as
dialog: well as for his own
dialog: situation)
dialog: You stay right here and help me give
text: Hennessy the slip after the match.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: But, Guy, that'll be too late!
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (getting a thought)
dialog: Didn't Bruno say that I wanted him
dialog: together there one night after dark?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Well, that's what's in his mind now.
dialog: He's not going to expose himself in
dialog: broad daylight, If I can finish off
dialog: this match in three sets, I'll still
dialog: get there in time.
text: REYNOLDS, Guy's opponent, enters scene behind Guy's chair.
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: We're on in a few minutes, Guy.
dialog: (to Anne)
dialog: How are you, Miss Morton.
text: Anne acknowledges his greeting with a nod.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Okay, Tim. Be right with you.
text: Reynolds leaves Anne and Guy rise, and as they walk toward
text: the stadium, we can see Guy start to speak to Anne in a
dialog: whisper.
scene_heading: ENTRANCE TO COVERED STAND ALREADY SHOT
text: Hennessy and Hammond are standing by.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 106.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: Well, if Turley said to pick him up
dialog: for questioning, let's pick him up!
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: Let him have his game first, Hammond.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: (sourly)
dialog: This is the first time I ever waited
dialog: for a murder suspect to play tennis
dialog: before I pulled him in. When the
dialog: boys it headquarters heir about this
dialog: they'll send me orchids.
text: Guy and Anne come into the scene just as the players from
text: the previous match emerge. They pass through, nodding to
dialog: Hennessy.
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: Good luck, Guy.
text: Guy is so preoccupied with his grim doesn't nod to Hennessy
text: until Anne nudges him.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE STAND MED. SHOT
text: Anne is reluctant to leave Guy who must now join his opponent,
dialog: Reynolds.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: You got it straight?
speaker_heading: (ANNE nods)
dialog: Just make sure Barbara has everything
text: ready as soon as the third set starts.
text: He goes on to the court, and Anna goes to her box.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Anne joins Barbara in the box. She starts to whisper
text: something to her.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: Guy and Reynolds complete their warm-up as the umpire
text: announces that Guy is to serve. The game starts.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 107.
scene_heading: EXT. ANTONY HOME
text: A taxi is at the front door. Bruno is descending the steps.
text: He gets into the cab, which moves off.
scene_heading: FOREST HILLS MED. SHOT ANNOUNCER'S BOOTH (PROCESS)
text: Over the shoulder of the announcer WE SEE the game in progress
text: through the window of his booth.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: --It looks like an interesting match
text: with Haines constantly charging the
dialog: net -- not like Haines at all -- to
dialog: press so early in the game...
scene_heading: MED. SHOT TEN COURT
text: Guy and his opponent, Reynolds, in play. Guy scores a point.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP THE UMPIRE
text: He announces game to Haines.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT
text: We see the two men change ends and come toward the Umpiri's
text: chair. Reynolds stops to take a drink of water. Guy, with
text: an impatient glance at him, moves over to the passing line
text: and waits, the CAMERA going with him.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON STREET
text: A taxicab is seen coming along.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT INSIDE CAB (PROCESS)
text: Bruno is sitting with in unlighted cigarette in his mouth.
text: CAMERA MOVES IN until he is in big CLOSEUP. His eyes look
text: down. There is the SOUND of a click, then, Guy's lighter
text: comes up into the picture held against the cigarette.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 108.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: LONG SHOT FOREST HILLS STADIUM
text: Grouped. A game is in progress.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: A terrace where people get refreshments. There are various
text: tables with umbrellas.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT AT ONE OF TABLE (PROCESS)
text: Guy is seated. He has his rackets with him and is waiting
text: his turn to start his match. An official is talking to him
text: but Guy keeps looking around as if expecting someone.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Well, at least there'd be a trip to
dialog: Australia, if you made it.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (absently)
dialog: We'll know more about that by the
dialog: end of the week...
text: (his face brightens
text: as he sees Anne)
text: Anne hurries in, nods briefly to the official who has started
text: to leave, and sits down.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
text: They're close to the finish, Guy
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Be right there.
dialog: (turns to Anne)
dialog: I was afraid you wouldn't get here.
dialog: Wish me luck, darling.
text: He makes a move as if to follow official toward the stadium,
text: but Anne puts hand on his arm.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (quickly and urgently)
dialog: Guy, listen to me, If I sound all
dialog: mixed up I can't help it. I -- I'm
dialog: scared.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: What about?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 109.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: That's just it. I don't know. It's
dialog: Bruno. I talked to him, Guy --
text: Guy stares at her, takes a quick look toward the stadium,
text: then gives Anne his full attention.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: He acted peculiar -- as if he could
dialog: put the murder right in your lap,
dialog: and not involve himself at all.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: He'd drag himself into it, -- and
dialog: Bruno loves Bruno. I'm all right so
dialog: long as he thinks I have an alibi
dialog: for that night.
dialog: (noticing the stricken
dialog: look on Anne is face)
dialog: He knows?
text: Anne nods slowly.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Then he'll think of something. He
dialog: said he would.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Guy, has he anything that the police
dialog: could trace to you --
dialog: (quoting Bruno)
dialog: Any little thing.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: My cigarette lighter. He said once
dialog: he could have left it on the islands
dialog: as evidence
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: But he wouldn't do that. Not in
text: broad day light.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (trying to think)
dialog: But he's going somewhere, Guy. He
dialog: told his mother --
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (tensely)
dialog: Metcalf -- did he say Metcalf?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 110.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: No, -- I don't think so. Oh, why
dialog: can't I remember -- he said such
dialog: crazy things!
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (tensely)
dialog: Try to think, Anne!
speaker_heading: VOICE
speaker_heading: (OFFSCENE)
dialog: Guy Haines! -- Reynolds!
text: While Anne is frantically trying to remember, Guy turns
text: toward, the stadium and gives a signal of "Be right there."
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Something about the moon -- he said
dialog: he had an appointment with the moon.
text: Guy's shoulders droop with disappointment.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: That's no help. But I can't take
dialog: any chances. I've got to get that
dialog: lighter -- somehow.
text: REYNOLDS, Guy's opponent, ENTERS SCENE behind Guy's chair.
speaker_heading: REYNOLDS
dialog: Okay, Guy. We're on.
text: He walks away. Anne and Guy rise, following him.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: I'll have to default.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: And have Hennessy and that other one
dialog: right at your heels?
text: Guy's expression says she's right, as they walk toward the
dialog: stadium.
scene_heading: ENTRANCE TO COVERED STAND
text: Hennessy and Hammond, the two detectives, are standing by.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: First time I ever waited for a killer
dialog: to play tennis before I nabbed him!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 111.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND (CONT'D)
text: When the boys at headquarters hear
dialog: about this they'll send me an orchid!
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: We got our orders. We take him in --
dialog: after the match.
text: Guy and Anne come INTO THE SCENE just as the players from
text: the previous match emerge. They pass through, nodding to
dialog: Hennessy.
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: (a little sadly)
dialog: Good luck, Guy!
text: Guy gives him a thank-you nod. Hammond rolls his eyes in
text: disgust at Hennessy's politeness.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE STAND MED. SHOT
text: Anne is about to turn to her box but she is reluctant to
text: leave Guy, who must now join his opponent, Reynolds. As
text: their eyes hold, in mutual helplessness, Guy suddenly stares
text: at her with realization.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: The moon! You said he had an
dialog: appointment --
text: Anne looks puzzled as Guy looks up at the sun, then at his
dialog: watch.
speaker_heading: GUY
text: Then he is going to Metcalf. But he
dialog: has to wait until it gets dark --
dialog: (with frantic haste,
text: he thinks quickly,
dialog: then murmurs to Anne)
dialog: Listen, Anne, as soon as the third
dialog: set starts, tell Barbara --
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT REYNOLDS
text: waiting at the bottom of steps to the stand. Guy joins his
text: opponent, and Anne goes to her box. Guy and Reynolds move
text: onto the court amid the rounds of applause that greet them.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 112.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ANNE JOINS BARBARA
text: In the box. She starts to whisper something to her.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: Guy and Reynolds complete their warm-up as the umpire
text: announces that Guy is to serve. The game starts.
scene_heading: EXT. ANTONY HOME
text: A taxi is at the front door. Bruno is descending the steps.
text: He gets into the cab, which moves off.
scene_heading: FOREST HILLS MED. SHOT ANNOUNCER'S BOOTH
text: Over the shoulder of the announcer WE SEE the game in progress
text: through the window of his booth.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: It looks like an interesting match --
text: with Haines out to blast Reynolds
dialog: into a fast fight, -- not like Haines
dialog: at all -- to press so early in the
dialog: game...
scene_heading: MED. SHOT THE COURT
text: Guy and his opponent, Reynolds, in play. Guy scores a point.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP THE UMPIRE
text: He announces game to Haines.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT
text: We see the two men change ends and come toward the Umpire's
text: chair. Reynolds stops to take a drink of Water. Guy, with
text: an impatient glance it him, moves over to the passing line
text: and waits, the CAMERA going with him.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON STREET
text: A taxicab is seen coming along.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 113.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT INSIDE TAXI CAB
text: Bruno is sitting with an unlighted cigarette in his mouth.
text: CAMERA MOVES IN until he is in big CLOSEUP. His eyes look
text: down. There is the SOUND of a click, then Guy's lighter
text: comes up into the picture held against the cigarette.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANNOUNCER'S BOOTH FOREST HILL
text: The announcer is broadcasting the progress of the match and
text: we learn from him that this first set is nearly finished.
dialog: LONG SHOT THE COURT
text: Guy and Reynolds in play.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Anne and Barbara sitting in their box watching the play
dialog: anxiously.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: At the entrance to the covered stand. The two detectives
text: Hennessy and Hammond, are watching. Hammond is bored by
dialog: this game.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: Stupid game. You'd never get me
dialog: into them short pants. I'd feel
text: naked.
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
text: (his eyes intent on
dialog: the game)
dialog: You'd feel naked in an Eskimo suit --
dialog: if you weren't wearing your badge.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy playing hard but holding his own.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Reynolds, his opponent, playing back.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 114.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: The big crowd watching.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy scores point over Reynolds.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: There is general applause from the crowd in the covered stand
dialog: as we HEAR the Umpire's announcement.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE'S VOICE
speaker_heading: (O.S.)
text: Mr. Haines wins the first set.
scene_heading: EXT. UNION STATION WASHINGTON D.C.
text: We see Bruno get out of a cab and pass into the depot.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT FOREST HILLS
text: The game in process.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: A nearer view of the game.
text: CLOSE SHOT GUY IN PLAY
text: volleying with Reynolds.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Reynolds playing the covered stand people are concentrating.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy misses a point and the game. He and Reynolds make for
dialog: the Umpire's chair. We HEAR the Umpire announce.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE'S VOICE
dialog: Game to Mr. Reynolds. Games are two
dialog: all...Second set.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 115.
scene_heading: INT. UNION STATION WASHINGTON, D.C.
text: Bruno is casually waiting for the train. He stands near a
text: news-stand reading a paper.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: We see that the paper is open at the sports page. There is
text: a picture of Guy among other tennis players. WITH A DISSOLVE
dialog: the whole character of this page changes with the exception
text: of Guy's picture, which becomes surrounded with large type,
text: announcing the arrest of Guy Haines for the murder of his
text: wife Miriam. A sub-heading tells of Guy's cigarette lighter
text: found at the scene of the crime. All this DISSOLVES AWAY
text: and the page becomes once more the sports section.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Bruno looks up with satisfaction.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT FOREST HILLS
text: The crowd watching.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy and Reynolds in play.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
dialog: Guy playing hard.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
dialog: Reynolds playing back.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: The Umpire watching the game. Suddenly he announces:
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: Game to Mr. Reynolds. Games are
dialog: three all... second set.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 116.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB CAR ON TRAIN
text: Bruno is now seated in his accustomed place in the club car.
text: His gloved fingers are quietly toying with Guy's lighter. A
text: passenger next to him asks:
speaker_heading: PASSENGER
dialog: May I have a light, please?
text: Bruno looks at him for a moment and then at the lighter.
text: With great deliberation he puts the lighter away in his pocket
text: and takes out book-matches. Lighting a match, he holds it
text: to his fellow passenger's cigarette.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT FOREST HILLS
text: The game as seen from under the covered stand.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Anne and Barbara very tense.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: about to serve, looks anxiously across the court.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP THE CLOCK
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GUY
text: as he serves.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP REYNOLDS
dialog: returns.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP BALL
text: hits the net.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP UMPIRE
text: announces.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 117.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
text: Second set to Haines. Haines leads
text: two sets to love.
text: There is a round of applause. We see the heads of the two
text: players reach the Umpire's chair. Guy, very anxious still,
text: as he wipes his neck with a towel.
scene_heading: INT. COVERED STAND CLOSE SHOT ANNE BARBARA
text: Anne is speaking.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: If he wins this next set -- you'd
dialog: better have everything ready.
dialog: (takes bill from her
text: purse and hands it
dialog: to Barbara)
dialog: Here -- give the driver this ten
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: I wish understood what this is all
dialog: about!
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: You don't have to understand, just
dialog: do it. And for heaven's sake, act
dialog: natural.
text: Barbara nods and goes along.
scene_heading: ENTRANCE TO COVERED STAND
text: Barbara smiles winningly at Hennessy as she goes through.
text: Her interpretation of "acting natural" is exaggerated and
text: rather comical. Hammond's eyes narrow as he looks after her
dialog: suspiciously.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: The game in progress. Guy starts the next set. He serves.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Reynolds returns.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 118.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy volleys.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Reynolds puts the ball in the air.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Guy smashes.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: The ball hits the net.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP UMPIRE
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: Love fifteen.
dialog: LONG SHOT THE CROWD
text: We HEAR the smash of the ball and the voice of the Umpire.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE'S VOICE
speaker_heading: (O.S.)
dialog: Love thirty.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ANNE
text: looking very worried. Again the call of the Umpire.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE'S VOICE
speaker_heading: (O.S.)
dialog: Double fault. Love forty.
scene_heading: INT. THE ANNOUNCER'S BOOTH
text: The announcer telling his listeners that Guy Haines seems to
dialog: be a little reckless.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: -- Haines hasn't let up his terrific
text: pace for an instant, smashing every
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 119.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (CONT'D)
dialog: ball with a recklessness we've never
text: seen in his playing. It's beginning
dialog: to look as if he doesn't care whether
dialog: he wins or loses because he's in a
dialog: hurry - an awfully big hurry ---
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. METCALF STATION
text: We see Bruno alight from the train. He makes his way in the
dialog: direction of the town.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT METCALF STATION
text: As Bruno comes toward us, he stands on the sidewalk and then
text: takes the lighter from his pocket once more. At this moment
text: a hurrying passenger on his way to the depot accidentally
text: jogs Bruno's elbow. The lighter flies from his hand.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: We see it fall through the bars of a grating by the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP BRUNO
text: looks down in dismay.
scene_heading: FOREST HILLS MED. SHOT
text: The game in progress. Guy and his opponent playing hard.
text: Guy misses a point. We HEAR the Umpire's call.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE'S VOICE
speaker_heading: (O.S)
dialog: Game to Mr. Reynolds. Mr. Reynolds
dialog: leads five games to three in the
dialog: third set.
scene_heading: EXT. METCALF STATION
text: Bruno is leading a porter toward the grating, pulling him by
text: the arm. They reach the drain.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 120.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Down there -- my -- my cigarette --
dialog: (catches himself --
dialog: not wanting to say
dialog: "cigarette lighter")
dialog: case. It's very valuable.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: (peering down)
dialog: Down here?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: You've got to get this grating up
dialog: right away.
text: Two passersby enter.
speaker_heading: FIRST PASSERBY
dialog: What's the trouble?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Can't we do something...!
dialog: (to passerby)
dialog: I dropped my cigarette case.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: (looking down)
dialog: Mightn't be any good, mister.
text: Probably gone down the storm drain.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: Storm drain?
speaker_heading: FIRST PASSERBY
dialog: On the other hand, it might have
text: lodged on the edge.
speaker_heading: SECOND PASSERBY
dialog: Don't they have a trap down there --
dialog: like under a sink?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Don't just stand here -- do something!
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Guess we could phone the city
dialog: engineer, all right.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 121.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Worst he could do would be to tell
dialog: me to take a running jump and --
text: (Bruno grabs his arm.
dialog: Porter shakes Bruno
dialog: off)
dialog: Relax, mister.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I don't want to relax.
text: He goes on his knees and forces his arm down the drain.
scene_heading: INT. THE ANNOUNCER'S BOOTH FOREST HILLS
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: (with great excitement)
dialog: This is more than a tennis game,
dialog: ladies and gentlemen -- it's a
dialog: desperate fight with Guy Haines
dialog: playing as if his life depended on
dialog: it!
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy is volleying.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Reynolds lobs.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Guy smashes.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Reynolds lobs again.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Guy smashes.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Reynolds misses and the ball hits inside the line.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 122.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: The Umpire calling.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: Game to Mr. Haines. Mr. Reynolds
dialog: leads five games to four...third
dialog: set.
scene_heading: EXT. METCALF STATION MED. SHOT
text: A few more passersby have stopped to watch Bruno, whose arm
text: is pushed through the grating.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Bruno's face -- straining.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Under the grating Bruno's hand is groping. His fingers are
text: a long way from the lighter.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT FOREST HILLS
text: with the game in progress.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT EXT. CLUB
text: A taxi has pulled up. Barbara gets out.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: She takes the ten dollar bill from her purse and passes it
text: to the driver. She gives a final look inside the cab.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: On the seat are Guy's everyday pants, laid out.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Barbara hurries out of the picture toward the club.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 123.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: The crowd watching.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: The tense face of Anne.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: The Umpire is somewhat impressed.
scene_heading: INT. THE ANNOUNCER'S BOOTH CLOSEUP
text: The announcer is telling his listeners that the score is now
dialog: six-five in favor of Haines. That he has pulled up
text: wonderfully and only needs one more game to win the match.
scene_heading: EXT. COVERED STAND ENTRANCE
text: Barbara, very nervous but trying to "act natural", passes
text: Hennessy and Hammond. Hammond's eyes again follow her, but
text: Hennessy is intent on the game.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT FEATURING BOX
text: As Barbara joins Anne, she gives her a surreptitious signal
text: by ringing her thumb and forefinger, indicating everything
text: is set.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Guy now playing hard.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: His racket smashing at the ball.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Reynolds and his racket hitting the ball back.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 124.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP THE UMPIRE CALLING
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: Advantages, Mr. Haines.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
dialog: Guy serving.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: His ball hitting the racket.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: The ball in the net.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: A second ball hitting the net. The Umpire's voice calling:
speaker_heading: UMPIRE'S VOICE
speaker_heading: (O.S)
dialog: Duece!
scene_heading: EXT. METCALF STATION
text: A LOW SHOT ON Bruno bent over the grating and the onlookers
text: behind him.
scene_heading: BIG HEAD CLOSEUP BRUNO
text: straining and panicky.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Under the grating, Bruno's fingers get near the lighter, and
text: in their groping, they knock the lighter off the ledge, onto
text: the ledge below.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Bruno's horror-stricken face.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 125.
scene_heading: FOREST HILLS MED. SHOT
text: Guy still playing.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Barbara standing with Hennessy, watching. We HEAR the score.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE'S VOICE
speaker_heading: (O.S)
dialog: Advantage, Mr. Reynolds.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ANNE
text: unable to bear the suspense. She glances O.S.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: The waiting cab.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Guy and Reynolds in play.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE'S VOICE
speaker_heading: (O.S)
dialog: Score is deuce.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
dialog: Reynolds serves.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Guy volleys. He waits for the return ball. He misses it.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE'S VOICE
speaker_heading: (O.S)
dialog: Advantage, Mr. Reynolds.
scene_heading: EXT. METCALF STATION
text: ANGLE SHOOTING THROUGH the grating at CLOSEUP BRUNO'S HEAD
text: AND SHOULDERS staining.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 126.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Under the grating, Bruno's fingers go lower and lower,
text: straining to reach the lighter, which is still a few inches
text: out of reach.
scene_heading: FOREST HILLS MED. SHOT
text: Guy is volleying with Reynolds.
scene_heading: INT. ANNOUNCER'S BOOTH
text: He is very excited.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
text: -- Haines hasn't let up for a moment.
dialog: If he wins this set, he wins the
dialog: whole match!
scene_heading: CLOSEUP ANNE AND BARBARA
text: in their box. They are extremely tense.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy slams hard a shot that wins him the game.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT CROWD
text: applauding and shouting.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ANNE AND BARBARA
text: At an urgent signal from Anne, Barbara hurries out as if she
dialog: knew what she had to do.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: Guy shakes hands with his opponent, and then hurries across
text: to Anne in the stand. He leans over the front of the box.
text: While congratulating him outwardly, she whispers something
text: to him. He leaves his racket with her and hurries away.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 127.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT STAND ENTRANCE
text: A block of people leaving cut off Hennessy's view. Barbara
text: tries desperately to keep his attention off Guy.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (breathlessly)
dialog: Isn't it wonderful, Mr. Hennessy?
dialog: He won! It calls for a celebration.
dialog: Anne says you must have dinner with
dialog: us. Just the family, and you, and
dialog: Guy.
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: Sorry I can't make it. Business.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: But Guy is your business. You'll be
dialog: with him, won't you?
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: (a little grimly)
dialog: Yeah -- I'll be with Guy.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy moving along the front of the stand making for another
dialog: exit.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Barbara takes it for granted that Hennessy will accept her
dialog: invitation.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Guy says you love steak -- rare,
dialog: Medium, or well-done?
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: I sure wish I could --
speaker_heading: SEMI CLOSEUP
text: Hammond is looking off. He calls into the stand.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: Hennessy!
text: He points off toward Guy.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 128.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy is hurrying toward the public entrance of the stand.
speaker_heading: SEMI CLOSEUP
text: Hennessy and Hammond move off, leaving a dismayed Barbara.
speaker_heading: SEMI LONG SHOT
text: Guy hurrying under the stand toward the waiting cab.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: The two men hurrying after him.
scene_heading: EXT. CLUB
text: Guy goes to the waiting cab and gets in. The cab moves off.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: The two men hurry out of the club and stand helplessly looking
text: after the departing cab. They hurry out of the picture.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: We see them grab another car. It is a chauffeur-driven
text: limousine. Hammond jumps in front and seats himself beside
text: the driver. Hennessy hops in the back. The car moves off.
scene_heading: INT. LIMOUSINE TWO SHOT
text: Hennessy finds himself seated by an old dowager about seventy-
text: five years of age. She looks startled for a moment and almost
text: recoils from him. He shows her his badge.
speaker_heading: HENNESSY
dialog: If you'll pardon us, madam, we need
dialog: your help. We're chasing a man.
text: The old lady's eyes light up.
speaker_heading: DOWAGER
dialog: How exciting.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 129.
speaker_heading: DOWAGER (CONT'D)
dialog: (she leans forward
dialog: and calls to the
dialog: chauffeur)
dialog: Hurry, O'Toole! Hurry!
text: She leans back and maintains her air of excitement as she
text: looks across at Hennessy.
text: CLOSE SHOT INSIDE THE TAXI
text: Guy is busy changing his pants. He glances over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: The two men looking ahead toward Guy.
scene_heading: EXT. METCALF STATION
text: CLOSEUP BRUN0'S FACE - ANGLE SHOOTING UP to get the peering
text: faces behind him. Bruno still frantically trying to reach
dialog: the lighter.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Under the grating Bruno's fingers slowly closing in on the
text: lighter. They barely manage to grasp it.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: BRUN0'S FACE -- triumphant.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Bruno's fist, holding the lighter, comes through the grating.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Bruno straightens up. CAMERA BACK as all the onlookers turn
text: their heads in his direction.
speaker_heading: ONLOOKER
dialog: You sure must think a lot of that --
dialog: Whatever it is.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 130.
text: Bruno doesn't answer. With the lighter in his closed fist,
text: he darts through the crowd, the people looking after him.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: The sun is much lower.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB CAR
text: Guy is now glancing at his watch. The sun is behind him and
text: very much lower.
scene_heading: EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK
text: Bruno is looking at his watch and then across at the sky.
text: LONG SHOT FROM HIS VIEWPOINT
text: The last trace of the setting sun has gone.
scene_heading: EXT. METCALF STATION MED. SHOT
text: Guy is stepping off the train. He crosses to a waiting taxi,
text: CAMERA FOLLOWING him.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (to the driver)
dialog: The amusement park, quick.
text: As he gets in the Cab, we go to --
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT MAN
text: watching Guy get into taxi. As we hear the taxi drive away,
text: the man hurries across to a waiting police car.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: He puts his head in the side window and tells the two waiting
text: detectives where Guy has gone.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Amusement park.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 131.
text: We see one of the detectives take up a microphone as the car
text: drives off.
scene_heading: EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK
text: It is now getting dark.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Bruno leaves his spot at the side of the tent and ambles
text: over toward the queue of people waiting for boats.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT BRUNO
text: joining the queue. He glances ahead of him.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT FROM HIS VIEWPOINT
text: We see the light above the pay booth go on, shedding a
text: downward glare.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT BRUNO
text: pulls his hat a little further over his, eyes. Some new
text: arrivals join the queue behind him.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI
text: Guy looking anxiously ahead on his way to the amusement park.
scene_heading: AMUSEMENT PARK ENTRANCE
text: We see a police car arrive. One uniformed man and two
text: detectives get out of the car and make their way toward the
text: entrance. One of to detectives stands at the entrance while
text: the other two hurry into the grounds.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy's taxi arrives.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Across the street, another police car arrives.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 132.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: At Guy is paying his cab fare, he glances around him.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT FROM HIS VIEWPOINT
text: He sees one police car.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT GUY
text: gives a furtive glance around while waiting for his change.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT ANOTHER POLICE CAR
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy cautiously makes his way toward the entrance to the
dialog: Amusement Park.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy passes the waiting detective and looks off. From his
dialog: viewpoint we see:
scene_heading: MED. SHOT THE TWO DETECTIVES
text: who were at the station indicate Guy is the man.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: One detective turns away and starts to follow Guy.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT BRUNO
text: in the queue of people. He is edging slowly along. He is
text: about ten people away from the entrance. He suddenly looks
text: ahead and sees.
scene_heading: FROM HIS VIEWPOINT
text: The uniformed man and the detective are talking casually to
text: the boat men in charge of the concession.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 133.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: (to boatman)
dialog: The killer is here tonight. So keep
dialog: your eyes open and the minute you
dialog: see him, let us know.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: The boatman looks at them with an expression of alarm.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT BRUNO
text: begins to look a little uneasy. We see him begin to mentally
dialog: deliberate.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy, threading his way through the crowds, conscious that he
text: is being followed, but nevertheless, on the lookout for Bruno.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT BRUNO
text: moving along the line. CAMERA MOVES IN until his head and
text: shoulders fill the screen. He is now coming within range of
text: the flood-lit pay-box. The light seems to creep up across
text: his chest and slowly reveal his face. He lowers his head.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: The boatman begins to look along the queue. There is an
text: expression of growing recognition on his face.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Bruno sees this, makes a decision and casually deserts the
dialog: queue of people.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: The boatman hurries across to the uniformed man and begins
text: to talk to him excitedly, looking in Bruno's direction.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT GUY
text: Coming along and looking for Bruno. His eyes light up.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 134.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT FROM HIS VIEWPOINT
text: We see Bruno making his way from the queue of people.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT GUY
text: calls to Bruno.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Hey, Bruno.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT BRUNO
text: gives a quick glance back, sees Guy then he turns and looks
text: off in another direction.
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The uniformed man and the boatman approaching him.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Bruno hurries on. He stop short as he sees.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT FROM HIS VIEWPOINT
text: Another uniformed man.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Bruno starts to run.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy starts to run after him.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Bruno is seen to jump on a merry-go-round, which is just
text: starting. Its pace is already pretty fast.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy runs toward Bruno.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 135.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: Haines! Hold it! Hold it!
text: The detective pulls out his gun and starts to run after Guy.
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Guy jumps on the merry-go-round after Bruno. Its speed is
text: so great that he nearly gets flung off.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: The detective fires at Guy.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: The man running the machine in the center of the merry-go-
text: round is suddenly hit in the shoulder.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: His hand, which is on the starting lever, jerks it down.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: The detective, after Guy, jumps on the machine but is flung
text: off on his back.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: The merry-go-round has now started to increase the speed.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Bruno at the far side is trying to jump off, but it's going
dialog: too fast.
text: LONG SHOT FROM HIS VIEWPOINT
text: We see the hard ground whizzing past him. Everything seems
text: to be a blur. We get a glimpse of screaming women and the
text: crowds rushing up from the midway.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 136.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT BRUNO
text: He turns and glances over his shoulder.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT FROM HIS VIEWPOINT
text: Guy is threading his way between the rising and falling
text: horses. Guy gets right up close to him.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
text: As Guy comes near to Bruno, the latter turns on him and starts
text: to attack him.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I want to get off of here! Let me
dialog: off of here! It makes me dizzy.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Stop it, Bruno. Give me my lighter,
dialog: Bruno!
speaker_heading: MED.SHOT
text: Against the whirling background of the merry-go-round, Turley
text: and Campbell rush up as the detective struggles to his feet,
text: slightly hurt. The noise from the calliope is very loud.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (to Turley, puzzled;
dialog: indicating the merry-
dialog: go-round)
dialog: Who's the man he's fighting with on
dialog: there?
text: At this moment the boatman rushes up.
speaker_heading: BOATMAN
dialog: (excited)
dialog: There he is! That's the one! That's
dialog: the one who killed her!
speaker_heading: TURLEY
dialog: Of course he is. We know that.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ON MERRY-GO-ROUND
text: Guy and Bruno in a struggle. Guy has to protect himself
text: from a madman whose hands attempt to reach his throat.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 137.
text: They are staggering across between the rising and falling
dialog: horses.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT OUTSIDE MERRY-GO-ROUND
text: A detective turns to the group around hIm.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: Get somebody to come and stop that
dialog: thing!
text: An elderly man in soiled work clothes speaks up.
speaker_heading: WORKMAN
dialog: I'll handle it.
text: Immediately the workman heads straight for the merry-go-round
text: and starts to crawl under it on his stomach.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: (calls after him)
dialog: Hey! Be careful! Stop!
text: A second detective speaks to him quizzically.
speaker_heading: 2ND DETECTIVE
dialog: Well, do you want to do it yourself?
text: The first detective leans over and looks off toward the
text: workman who is continuing his slithering way under the
text: machine, then straightens up.
speaker_heading: 1ST DETECTIVE
dialog: (changing his mind)
dialog: No. I think he'll make it all right.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT GUY AND BRUNO
text: Bruno swings around till his back is to us. He pushes Guy
text: toward the edge, but Guy manages to grab the rein of the
text: nearest horse. The momentum of the machine swings Guy around
text: against the horse, whose big head towers in the f.g. Bruno,
text: on this side of the horse pushes forward and tries to grab
text: the reins from Guy's hand. He tries to slash at Guy's face.
text: The back of Bruno's head is toward us during this. Guy
text: suddenly leans out across the horse and smashes his fist
text: against Bruno's face. Bruno's head goes back until it is in
text: the f.g. in a upside-down position.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 138.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: THE CAMERA IS LOW so that we get the effect of Bruno falling
dialog: into the CAMERA from Guy's blow!
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: In the f.g. is a young boy of four years. He is excited by
text: the speed of the ride and laughs at the fight with great
text: enjoyment. He sees this by suddenly glancing over his
text: shoulder. In the b.g. Guy and Bruno are continuing their
text: fight. Bruno rises. Guy staggers after him. Bruno again
text: leaps upon Guy. The two men sway toward the CAMERA until
text: Bruno gets alongside the little boy. The boy now shows some
text: anxiety. The three figures now fill the screen with the
text: horses' heads in the f.g. Bruno is forced against the little
text: boy, who now, alarmed, beats Bruno on the cheek with one
text: hand, the other holding onto the brass rail in front. Bruno
text: stops and with a sweep of his arm, knocks the little boy off
text: the horse onto the floor below. The little boy, in falling,
text: grabs the horse's rein or stirrup.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Guy breaks away from Bruno and dives around the back of the
text: horse to grab the little boy.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: As Guy grabs the boy, he staggers forward with him to a small
text: gondola. Bruno leaps onto his back but Guy manages to put
text: the boy in the gondola.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT UNDERNEATH THE WHIRLING MERRY-GO-ROUND
text: The boat man is making slow progress.
scene_heading: FROM HIS VIEW POINT
text: We see his goal. It is the wounded mechanic in the center,
text: who is slightly stirring. All during this the base of the
text: merry-go-round is skimming above the back and head of the
dialog: boat man.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 139.
scene_heading: BACK ON MERRY-GO-ROUND
text: The two men are now in a clinch. Guy tries to fight off the
text: maddened Bruno. They are flung between the horses, bouncing
text: one against the other, almost half way around the merry-go-
dialog: round.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT BRUNO AND GUY
text: Again they struggles between two horses. On each side of
text: them are two young screaming girls. The two bounce from one
text: horse to the other.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: The calliope has little figures and these boat away on their
text: cymbals almost as though they are applauding what's going
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Underneath the merry-go-round, the boat man has made further
text: progress. He is creeping inch by inch. His nose starts to
text: run. He starts to fumble for a dirty piece of handkerchief.
text: He blows his nose and then moves on.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Back above the two men swinging past the two girls on their
text: horse and they both crash to the floor underneath another
text: horse, upon which is riding side-saddle, a mother and her
text: three-year-old little girl.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: The two big heads of the men, battling. The two men roll
text: underneath the horse's hoofs, which are seen rising and
text: falling. They get right underneath one horse.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Guy has turned over on his back and his eyes look up.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 140.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP FROM HIS VIEWPOINT
text: We see the big horse's head above and its hoofs coming down
text: toward the CAMERA and filling the screen. We get a faint
text: impression of the screaming mother hugging her child to her
dialog: breast, above.
scene_heading: BIG CLOSEUP THE HORSE'S HOOFS
text: striking Guy's head.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Guy wrenches himself out of this position. He rolls away
text: from the CAMERA right to the edge of the merry-go-round. He
text: manages to grab a rail.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: Guy's body is flung out horizontally. We see the crowd behind
text: back-up for fear of being knocked over. The screw of tension
text: increase. Over this comes the sound of an approaching
text: ambulance siren.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Bruno edges himself toward Guy. He is hanging on to the
text: reins of a horse. His feet manage to roach Guy's knuckles.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP BRUNO'S VICIOUS EXPRESSION
scene_heading: CLOSEUP BRUNO'S FEET
text: kicking at Guy's knuckles.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP GUY'S AGONIZED EXPRESSION
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: A flash of the horror-stricken faces of the spectators seen
text: through the whirling machine.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 141.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Machinery and the lever that was pulled on too fast. The
text: Boatman's hand comes up into the picture and pulls the lever
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: The sudden braking causes the whole merry-go-round to topple
text: over with a grinding roar.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT FROM HIGH ANGLE
text: The merry-go-round his keeled over. For a moment we don't
text: know who has survived. There is a surge of people milling
text: and shouting. Those who have jumped back out of the way
text: when the merry-go-round toppled, now rush forward again as
text: the cloud of dust settles. From the midway in the background
text: others are running forward.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT
text: Distraught parents try to force their way to their children
text: who were on the merry-go-round, but are hold back from the
text: wreckage by police.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: Guy is somewhat stunned from his fall. He is helped to his
text: feet by some men in the crowd. His knuckles are bleeding.
text: In the background people are rushing about. The crowd is in
text: uproar as women and children are helped from the wreckage.
text: Officials and uniformed policemen pushing back the surge of
dialog: the crowd.
speaker_heading: AD LIBS
dialog: Get back. Get back there. Give us
dialog: room here.
text: Turley and Campbell rush in to Guy.
speaker_heading: TURLEY
dialog: Are you all right, Haines?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Yes, I think so.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 142.
text: Guy is surrounded by police and Campbell stands at his elbow.
text: At this moment the boatman runs in. One of the detectives
text: is with him.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: Mr. Turley! Mr. Turley!
dialog: (indicating boatman)
dialog: He says this isn't the man we want.
dialog: (with a nod in Guy's
dialog: direction)
dialog: It's the other one -- the one he was
dialog: fighting with.
speaker_heading: TURLEY
dialog: (stops to give his
dialog: full attention to
dialog: this unexpected bit
dialog: of information)
dialog: What do you mean, this isn't the --
dialog: (turns to Guy, not
dialog: quite taking it in)
dialog: Not Haines?
dialog: (back to boatman)
dialog: But you said he was. You pointed
dialog: him out.
speaker_heading: BOATMAN
dialog: No, I didn't, sir. I've never seen
dialog: this man before in my life. I meant
dialog: the other one.
text: The detective who was holding Guy instinctively relax his
text: hold on Guy's arm. Turley turns to Guy, puzzled.
speaker_heading: TURLEY
dialog: What is this all about, Haines? Did
dialog: you know he killed your wife?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (nods)
dialog: He has my cigarette lighter and wanted
dialog: to plant it there on the island to
dialog: pin the whole thing on me.
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: Let me talk to him. Let me show
dialog: you. Where is he?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER DETECTIVE
dialog: Over here.
text: He leads the way. They follow.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 143.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: as Guy and Turley enter to the spot where Bruno is pinned
text: under the overturned machine. He is caught between two of
text: the horses, the head of one of them across his chest. Bruno's
text: head sags back somewhat, but is resting on pieces of debris.
text: A uniformed policeman looks up from Bruno to Turley:
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: This one's in a pretty bad way, Mr.
dialog: Turley.
text: Guy is shocked at the sight of Bruno.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (looking down at Bruno)
dialog: Can't you get that stuff off him?
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: No, they've done everything they can
text: until the crane comes.
text: Bruno opens his eyes and sees Guy.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Hello, Guy.
text: Turley has leaned forward to look at the helpless Bruno.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
text: (weakly nodding at
dialog: Turley)
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: GUY
text: This is Mr. Turley, Chief of Police.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (with a half smile)
dialog: So they got you at last, eh, Guy?
text: Guy looks around desperately, frustrated for a moment as
text: Turley eyes him stonily. Then he turns again to Bruno.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (rather gently)
dialog: Can you talk a little? Can you tell
dialog: the chief you have my lighter?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 144.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
text: (with a faint,
dialog: quizzical smile)
dialog: I haven't got it. It's still on the
dialog: island where you left it.
text: Guy looks around helplessly to Turley, who looks back at him
dialog: suspiciously.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: (looking down at Bruno)
dialog: I think he's going.
text: Turley leans over to look.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT BRUNO'S FIST FROM TURLEY'S VIEWPOINT
text: As Bruno is dying, his closed fist slowly starts to open.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE'S VOICE
text: He's finished.
text: Guy's lighter is now revealed in Bruno's open hand.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT GROUP
text: Turley takes the lighter from the dead Bruno's hand. Guy is
text: watching him. Turley straightens up and holds the lighter
text: out to him.
speaker_heading: TURLEY
dialog: Is this your lighter, Haines?
text: Guy nods without speaking, and with a half look in Bruno's
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: TURLEY
dialog: Well, you were right.
dialog: (sticks the lighter
dialog: into his own pocket)
dialog: I'd better keep this for the time
dialog: being.
dialog: (in a friendly tone)
dialog: We can clear the whole thing out the
dialog: morning. How about staying in town
dialog: over night, Haines? I imagine you
dialog: have a lot to tell me. Nine o'clock,
dialog: all right?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 145.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Okay, Mr. Turley. Thanks.
text: Turley turns back to the group around Bruno. Guy looks down
text: for a moment at Bruno, then speaks to the boatman, who is
text: standing nearby.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Can you tell me where there's a
dialog: telephone?
speaker_heading: BOATMAN
dialog: (indicating)
text: There's one up near the entrance.
dialog: (with a look back to
dialog: the dead Bruno)
dialog: Who was he, Bud?
text: Guy looks back sympathetically in Bruno's direction, speaks
text: without looking at the boatman.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Bruno. Bruno Antony.
dialog: (reminiscently and a
dialog: little
dialog: compassionately,
dialog: remembering what
dialog: Bruno had said of
dialog: himself)
dialog: A very clever fellow.
text: He moves off through the crowd.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BURTON STUDY NIGHT
text: Anne, Barbara and the Senator are sitting silently in the
text: attitudes of waiting. The telephone rings. Anne is instantly
text: on her feet. Barbara and the Senator watch her anxiously as
text: she goes to answer it.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello...
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Yes, operator, yes!
text: (waits a moment, then
dialog: eagerly:)
dialog: Guy?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 146.
speaker_heading: ANNE (CONT'D)
dialog: (a pause, then she
text: closes her eyes with
text: heartfelt relief.
dialog: Another pause, then:)
dialog: Yes, darling, yes. Of course I'll
dialog: be there...Goodbye.
text: She hangs up, turns slowly, to face Barbara and her father.
text: Her expression is one of intense relief.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Guy'll be back tomorrow.
dialog: (overcome with emotion
dialog: she has difficulty
dialog: in speaking)
dialog: He wants me to take him some things.
text: With a sob, Barbara flings herself into Anne's arms. As she
text: cries, Anne strokes her head comfortingly. Then with a half-
text: choked sobs Anne, too, begins to cry. She speaks through
text: her tears, looking over Barbara's shoulder at her father.
speaker_heading: ANNE
text: He says he looks silly in his tennis
dialog: clothes.
text: The Senator eyes them a moment, then speaks a little wryly:
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: I presume from all those tears that
dialog: you have had good news.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR OF TRAIN NEXT DAY
text: Anne and Guy are sitting quietly together. Opposite them is
text: a man in a clerical collar who is reading a sports magazine.
text: On the cover is a picture of a tennis player in action. The
text: man looks over the top of his magazine at Guy, with
text: recognition. He leans forward.
speaker_heading: CLERIC
dialog: I beg your pardon, but aren't you
dialog: Guy Haines?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: (uncomfortably)
dialog: Yes.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 147.
text: Guy and Anne exchange a brief look, rise hurriedly and start
text: to walk away before the conversation can go any farther.
text: The cleric looks after them with a frown and a puzzled shrug
text: of his shoulders, as if to say, "Did I say something wrong?"
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
