dialog: 
speaker_heading: S T R A N G E D A Y S
dialog: by James Cameron &amp; Jay Cocks
dialog: from a story by James Cameron
speaker_heading: AUGUST 11, 1993
scene_heading: --------------------------------------------------------------
dialog: 1:06 AM DEC 30, 1999
dialog: Blackness. We hear:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Ready?
speaker_heading: SECOND VOICE (LENNY)
dialog: Yeah. Boot it.
text: A burst of bright white static exploding across the
text: darkness. A high whine on the audio track gives way to
text: street sounds and rapid breathing.
text: AN IMAGE wavers and stabilizes: A nervous POV. We're in a
text: car, sitting in the backseat, and we're nervous, the view
text: swinging around, showing the street rolling by outside the
text: windows, then whipping back to the two guys in the front
dialog: seat.
text: Our POV looks down at a SMALL RECORDING DEVICE in "our"
text: hands. A red LED is flashing. We slip the recorder into
dialog: a coat pocket.
speaker_heading: OUR VOICE
dialog: Okay. It's goin'. I'm recording.
text: The guy riding shotgun, LANE, is just pulling a pantyhose
text: over his head, smearing his features into a pig-like mask.
text: He turns, DIRECTLY TO THE LENS, pissed off.
speaker_heading: LANE
dialog: Good one, dickhead. Thanks for
dialog: waitin' till I get this fuckin thing
dialog: on. You tryin' ta I.D. me, or
dialog: what?
text: He tosses another pantyhose right at us and we catch it.
text: Our POV looks down, into the pantyhose, which comes up
dialog: over our field of view.
dialog: We realize: this is not some ride-along verite video.
dialog: WE ARE ONE OF THESE GUYS. Real honest-to-God point of
dialog: view, with no cuts, no music. This is not film, it is
dialog: human experience.
text: The driver is a Hispanic guy named "SPAZ" DIAZ. Lane is a
text: white guy who looks very strung out. Couple of
text: crackheads. The car is a mid-seventies barge, piebald
dialog: with primer.
speaker_heading: LANE
text: Next alley... just pull in slow.
dialog: (turning to us)
dialog: Hurry up will ya. Here.
text: He hands us a big stainless steel revolver. The POV looks
text: down as our shaky hands snap open the cylinder, check the
dialog: rounds, snap it closed.
text: Diaz pulls the barge into an alley. The headlights
text: illuminate overflowing dumpsters. A Chicano busboy is
text: making trash runs out the back door of a restaurant, which
text: he has chocked open. The busboy goes back inside.
speaker_heading: LANE
dialog: Let's go.
text: Out of the car, quickly, our own breathing loud in our
text: ears. We even hear our own heartbeat, racing now.
text: Through the door, after Lane, moving fast.
text: Into the kitchen. Fluorescent glare. The busboy turning,
text: surprised, Lane putting the shotgun in his face. Freezing
text: him. Lane puts a finger to his lips: "quiet" in any
dialog: language.
text: Our hand puts the magnum in the THAI COOK's face. We get
text: them down on the greasy floor, Lane controlling them with
text: the shotgun. He looks at us, snaps his eyes toward the
dialog: front room.
text: We hear voices as we approach the swing door. Go through.
text: Whip pan left, then right. Scoping the layout. Low-rent
text: THAI place. Red wallpaper. Closing time. Middle-aged
text: Thai OWNER, by the cash-register, counting money. Young
text: Thai WAITRESS, cleaning up. They look up, stunned, as we
text: put the gun on them.
speaker_heading: OUR VOICE
dialog: (shouting, edgy)
dialog: Don't move, don't talk, don't do
dialog: nothing.
text: Our POV is whipping around, from the front door to the
text: owner to the kitchen where Lane is standing in the doorway
text: covering the cook and busboy, back to the owner as he
text: steps back from the cash-register.
dialog: We scoop up the big wad of bills: seven, eight hundred
dialog: bucks in tens and fives.
text: Now yelling, herding the owner and the waitress into the
text: kitchen, the owner trying to calm the girl in singsongy
text: Thai, Lane shouting at him to shut up.
text: Into the walk-in cooler. The steel door closes on four
text: scared pair of eyes. POV looking around, seeing... a
text: dish-rack. Our hand pulls out a spoon, drops the spoon
text: handle through the hole in the cooler door-latch. Locking
dialog: them in.
text: Lane heading out the back door. Laughing, as he looks at
text: the wad of cash our hand is waving in front of him.
text: We follow Lane to the car. Snap a look down the alley one
dialog: way, then the other.
text: Shit! Cop Black-and-White pulling into the far end of the
text: alley. Heartbeat goes triple time. Scrambling into the
dialog: car.
text: Door not even closed and SPAZ has it in reverse, burning
text: rubber as he launches back down the alley.
text: SCRUNCH! The car grinds along one wall as SPAZ steers
text: wildly backward. Sparks right next to us. Then--
text: KBOOM! As we slam into a dumpster and push it right out
dialog: into the street.
text: The cop has his lights and siren on, and is roaring at us
text: as SPAZ cranks the wheel and punches it down the street.
text: He curses in English and Spanish as he weaves between
text: cars. We pull off the stocking to see better.
text: The cop car surges onto the street behind us.
text: Looking ahead. A red light. Cars stopped, blocking the
text: way. Cutting to the right, onto the sidewalk, around the
text: cars, into the intersection.
text: A near miss with cross traffic, then accelerating.
text: Another red light ahead.
speaker_heading: LANE
dialog: Don't stop!
text: Truck entering the intersection. Everyone yelling. SPAZ
dialog: cuts the wheel but too late...
text: Clipping the truck and spinning.
text: The street outside smearing past like the view from a
dialog: Tilt-a-whirl.
text: Then KBLAM! Hitting something, God-knows-what, and
dialog: launching up and over, and--
text: KRUNCH! Crushing metal and an explosion of broken glass.
text: It gets quiet and still. Tinkling glass as Lane moves.
text: Then SPAZ is screaming. The car is upside down.
text: Crawling out of the side window. A frenzy now.
text: Whip pan to see the cops pulling up.
text: Then whipping back to the wreck. The engine is burning.
text: Flames spreading rapidly. SPAZ inside, pinned, upside
text: down, blood pumping across his face.
text: Our hands pulling Lane out. He comes up running.
text: We run after him, sprinting toward the welcoming darkness
dialog: of an alley.
text: Panting breath and heartbeats and sirens and somebody
dialog: yelling.
text: Gunshots. Looking back. Cops next to their car, firing.
text: Ahead, Lane running into shadow.
text: Then a door opening, a man coming out of a metal firedoor.
text: Lane grabbing him, throwing him out of the way, holding
text: the door open as we dive through into--
text: A stairwell. Lane sprinting up, two steps at a time.
text: Trying the door at the second floor landing. Locked.
dialog: Shit.
text: Running up. Dizzying whirl as we run, up and up.
text: The POV is finally broken by a...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND GARAGE
dialog: But we don't know where we are yet. We see a man in
text: extreme close-up: just his eyes and mouth. The eyes are
text: closed, the eyeballs tracking under the lids, like he is
text: watching a movie in there. This is LENNY.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: This is great... the doors are all
dialog: locked. Who are these losers,
dialog: friends of yours?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: BACK TO POV as we reach the fifth floor landing. Lane is
text: coming unglued as he finds this door locked. We look
text: down, see cops coming two floors below. One cranks off a
text: couple rounds at us and we snap back from the railing.
text: Pounding up the last flight. Finally! The door is
dialog: unlocked.
text: Blasting through it, behind Lane, onto the roof. Running
text: all out past AC units and pipes, air vents. Looking up:
text: an LAPD helicopter orbiting close. It flicks the xenon
text: onto us and we are running in a vibrating circle of blue
dialog: daylight.
text: Running along the edge of the roof. Looking down. Car
text: burning upside down in the street below. The gas tank
text: explodes, filling the street with orange light. We don't
dialog: slow. We're running all out.
speaker_heading: LENNY (V.O.)
dialog: Wow... the gas tank is a nice touch.
dialog: Oh, oh, end of the line boys.
text: Ahead, in POV we see the edge of the roof coming up.
text: Beyond it is another building, about ten feet lower and
text: separated by a 20 foot alley.
text: But Lane doesn't slow down. He leaps across the void and
text: makes it to the other building, landing in a sprawl.
text: We reach the edge and look down. Six stories. No ladders
text: or fire-escapes. Whip to behind us. Cops running across
dialog: the roof.
speaker_heading: LANE
dialog: Come on! Fucking jump man!
text: The POV backs up from the edge and then runs toward it...
text: Out into the void. Moving... airborne... then...
text: WHAM! Right into the parapet wall.
text: Slipping down. Brick wall right in our face. Bloody
text: fingers grabbing for a rusty piece of pipe running along
dialog: the edge.
text: Looking down... feet dangling over a sixty foot drop.
text: A cat walking through a patch of light in the alley below,
dialog: oblivious.
text: Breathing raspy. Snapping a look up as the pipe gives
dialog: way.
text: A keening whine coming from us as we scramble to climb up
dialog: but...
dialog: Snapping a look down--
text: Walls rushing past, sound of wind, and our own raspy
dialog: scream--
dialog: Ground rushing up--
text: Split second impression of a cat, looking up, yowling and
dialog: running out of the way as--
text: Pavement fills frame. A burst of violent red light.
text: Sound like a gunshot... but no echo.
text: Only silence. And blackness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND PARKING GARAGE
text: Lit by miles of fluorescent. Empty and echoing. Close on
text: Lenny. He has something on his head. Something that
text: looks like a mutated set of Walkman headphones, except
text: they have little gecko fingers that fit along the temples
text: and over the forehead. PLAYBACK "TRODES". Lenny whips
text: off the trodes, gasping as if he got gutpunched.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Goddamnit! You know I don't deal in
dialog: snuff. How many times I hafta tell
dialog: you?!
dialog: Lenny is with a guy everybody knows as "TICK", a pale-
text: skinned creature of the night in T-shirt and leather
text: jacket. Tick is a bottomfeeder in the techno-underground
dialog: of the near future.
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: Don't have a fucking coronary, Lenny.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Well you could've at least warned
dialog: me. You know I hate the zap... when
dialog: they die. It just brings down your
dialog: whole day. Jeez, Tick.
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: LENNY NERO is low thirties. Handsome. Charming. And you
dialog: better check to see if you still have your ring after you
text: shake with him. He is wearing an expensive Italian
text: jacket, and what he thinks of as a "power tie." His Rolex
text: isn't real. His greasy hair is too long and curls around
dialog: his collar. He needs to shave. A little sleazy. But he
dialog: has energy, and heavy street smarts.
text: Lenny is sitting on the hood of his '97 BMW 1035i. Tick
text: is facing him, sitting in the back of his beat-to-shit
text: 70's van. There are a lot of tapes and tech stuff piled
text: inside the van. Lenny has a Haliburton case open next to
text: him, like a drug dealer. In fact the whole setup looks
dialog: like a drug deal, but it's not. Though it is illegal.
text: The case holds Lenny's personal playback deck, his trodes,
text: and a rack of the little tapes in which he deals. They
dialog: are about the size of DAT tapes, and hold about 30 minutes
dialog: of sensory experience... everything a person sees, hears,
dialog: and feels... recorded directly from the cerebral cortex at
dialog: the moment it is happening.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: How'd you get the tape? Why didn't
dialog: the cops put it in evidence?
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: With all the blood I guess they
dialog: didn't see the rig. Guy had it
text: under a wig.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Yeah, but how'd it get to you?
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: I got ways, Lenny, I got ways.
dialog: (off Lenny's impatient
dialog: look)
dialog: Okay, okay... I got a deal with some
dialog: a the paramedics. My guy pages me
dialog: and I pick it up at the morgue. So
dialog: whaddya think? This clip's gotta be
dialog: worth at least a grand. Right?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Tick. Not to dash your hopes, but I
dialog: don't deal this kind of product, you
dialog: know that. I'll give you four for
dialog: it, cause I've gotta cut off the
dialog: last bit. And my customers want
dialog: uncut.
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: Fuck that! The last part's the
dialog: best. You dry-dive six stories and
dialog: blammo! Jack right into the Big
dialog: Black.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I don't deal black-jack clips! It's
dialog: policy. I got ethics here.
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: Yeah, when did that start? Come on,
dialog: man! It's what people want to see,
dialog: and you know it.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: So lay it off to somebody else.
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: Come on, Lenny. I got expenses. I
dialog: got to get this rig fixed. Look at
dialog: it...
text: Tick holds up a zip-lock bag containing the Walkman-sized
text: stainless steel CORTICAL RESONANCE RECORDER, the record
text: deck we saw earlier in the POV. Also in the bag is the
text: SQUID NET, a matrix of sensors designed to conform to the
dialog: human head (this is different from playback trodes). The
text: whole works are covered with congealed blood.
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: Give me six at least. This's a good
dialog: clip, here. Gets you pumpin'.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Yeah, well, the first part's okay.
dialog: Better than the usual soaps you
dialog: bring me.
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: Now that is cold, Lenny. I always
dialog: bring you choice.
text: Lenny fishes around in a cardboard box at Tick's feet,
text: pulling out a tape.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Sure, like this low-grade shit here,
text: some girl in a fight with her
dialog: boyfriend... it's a test-pattern.
dialog: Nothing happens. I'm snorin'.
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: Hey, you're always saying, 'Bring me
dialog: real life. Bring me street life.
dialog: And, like, one man's mundane and
dialog: desperate existence is another man's
dialog: Technicolor.'
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I said that? Look, I'll take it for
dialog: five, and you'll make out okay,
dialog: because in this case it's pure
dialog: cream, you don't have to cut
dialog: anything back to the wearer.
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: Ha! That's for fucking sure.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: What else you got?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MONTAGE/SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Lenny in his BMW, driving through the LA streets.
text: Streetlights and neon flare across the windshield in a
dialog: calligraphy of light. Lenny works the cellular, gets
text: messages on his DIGITAL PAGER, weaves in and out of
text: traffic -- punches the buttons on his radio, changing
dialog: stations all the time. Raw, nervous energy: like a kid
dialog: who can't stay still. It's a hard hustle in the big food
dialog: chain.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Look, Jerr. I'm nothing if not a
dialog: man of my word. I'll drop the money
dialog: by tomorrow, next day latest. It's
dialog: a little crazed right now. Yeah, on
dialog: my mother's eyes, I swear. Thanks,
dialog: buddy.
dialog: (hangs up)
dialog: Prick.
dialog: (to the car ahead
dialog: honking)
dialog: What kinda move you call that?!
dialog: Lemmings.
text: Lenny turns up the radio. SELECTED DRIVE-BY IMAGES, as
text: the talk-radio provides commentary.
text: Lenny's car passing under glowing Santa Clauses on the
text: light-poles. Banners proclaiming the coming "Millennium
dialog: LA" festivities.
speaker_heading: TALK-RADIO HOST
dialog: ... it's a little after 2 am on
dialog: December 30th, 1999... the second to
dialog: last day of the whole darn century,
dialog: and the phone lines are open. Dan
dialog: from Silverlake, you're on the air.
text: Transition to a rougher section of town. Buildings roll
text: by endlessly, tagged by gangs in graphic tribal patterns.
text: some are burnt-out ruins.
speaker_heading: DAN FROM SILVERLAKE
dialog: Uh, hi.
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: So Dan, are you looking forward to
dialog: the New Year?
text: A building is burning out of control. In the foreground,
text: silhouetted, a drunk sleeps soundly on a bus-bench.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Not really. I mean what's the
dialog: point? Nothing changes New Years
dialog: day. The economy sucks, gas is over
dialog: three bucks a gallon, fifth grade
text: kids are shooting each other at
dialog: recess... the whole thing sucks,
dialog: right? So what the hell are we
dialog: celebrating?
text: A shanty-camp of homeless people under a freeway overpass.
text: Homes made of cardboard and carpet remnants. Their lives
dialog: in shopping carts.
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: You're a glass-is-half-empty kind of
dialog: guy, aren't you Dan? Well I for one
dialog: happen to think that us making it
dialog: 2000 years is worth celebrating--
text: Lenny cuts him off, punching to another station, and MUSIC
text: blasts. Something fast... a rap-metal hybrid. Anger and
dialog: energy.
text: WE CUT IN fast blitzes of images like a burst of automatic
text: weapons fire: helicopters on patrol, people running in the
text: streets, buildings smoldering, fists raised, shouting
text: people, paramedics rushing a body into an ambulance,
text: Korean store owners armed to the teeth, a body covered by
text: a yellow plastic sheet, blood running down the gutter.
text: Cops in riot gear, with M-16s, on patrol in a Hispanic
dialog: neighborhood.
text: BACK TO LENNY coming out of a bar with a nervous
text: businessman. We don't hear the conversation. MUSIC OVER.
text: Lenny palms a roll of bills from the guy as he slips a
text: squid tape into the pocket of the businessman's suit
text: jacket. Lenny claps him on the shoulder and walks away.
text: Lenny's beeper goes off and he pauses to look at the
dialog: number.
text: ON LENNY DRIVING.
text: Ahead, through the windshield we see a police checkpoint.
text: The cops have thrown a block across the street and are
text: shinning their lights in the cars as they creep through.
text: Lenny slaps his ID against the side window with one hand,
text: not missing a beat in his conversation. This is just part
dialog: of life in LA.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (on cellular)
dialog: Jimbo. I'm there, Jimmy. Right now,
dialog: can't you hear me knockin'?
text: CUT TO LENNY working his way through a crowded club, music
text: pounding. Strobe lights. We don't see much. He hears
text: his phone rings and pulls the tiny DIGITAL CELLULAR out of
text: his breast pocket. Sticks a finger in his other ear and
dialog: answers.
text: CUT TO LENNY, back in the BMW, on the streets. On the
dialog: move.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: -- so you line up the talent, shoot
dialog: the clip, get it to me by Monday.
dialog: OK? Client wants a guy and two
dialog: girls, the guy wears... yeah, I
dialog: know, thinks he's being original.
dialog: Girls have to be young. So don't
dialog: use your mother like you usually do.
dialog: Yeah, you too, pendejo. And no big
dialog: tits... French tits. That's it...
dialog: like Champagne glasses... you got
dialog: it. What a pro. Page me.
text: LENNY PULLS UP to the security checkpoint of a gated
text: community. The white upper-middle class hiding behind
dialog: walls and paid security.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: If you read the Bible, Mark, you'd
dialog: know that there won't be another
dialog: thousand years. Right now we are in
dialog: the Last Days, as foretold in the
dialog: book of--
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: The Last Days? You mean the coming
dialog: of the Apocalypse, right? The
dialog: Rapture?
text: Lenny fishes around in the glove compartment, flipping
dialog: through about twenty plastic security passes for different
text: parts of town, all bogus. He finds the right one and
text: flips it onto the dash.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Yes, that's right. You only have to
dialog: look at the signs... there are wars
dialog: and rumors of wars--
text: The RENT A COP at the guardshack hits him with his light.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (lying)
dialog: I live here.
text: The cop waves him through. Lenny is the right color.
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: Now just so the rest of us know how
dialog: much time is left, when is the
dialog: Rapture supposed to hit, exactly?
dialog: Is it midnight New Year's Eve?
text: And WE CUT to a burst of news videotape, enlarged, noisy,
text: distorted... images of a great gathering in the desert,
dialog: the faithful waiting for God's sign as the millennium
dialog: approaches.
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: Is that midnight LA time, or Eastern
dialog: Standard or what? I mean, what time
dialog: zone is God in, anyway?
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I pray for you all.
text: Lenny's BMW cruises past an overturned burning car. There
text: is no-one around. He barely glances at it. Common sight
dialog: these days. If it is the end of the world, Lenny's not
text: going to let it break his rhythm.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (cellular)
dialog: I just got something in, Bobby, you
dialog: might appreciate. A 211 at a Thai
dialog: joint goes south, and these three
text: scuzzballs end up in a gun-and-run.
dialog: It's a beauty, two thumbs up.
dialog: Parental discretion advised. I'm
dialog: talking it's the master, not some
dialog: stepped-on copy. One of a kind.
text: LENNY INSIDE A GLOOMY BAR. He slides into a booth with
text: NORM SKINNER, a paunchy guy with thinning hair who dresses
text: too young. A pretty, stoned-looking girl is leaning
dialog: against Skinner.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Yo, Skinner. The Skin Man.
dialog: (fingering his
dialog: jacket)
dialog: Red leather. Nice feminine touch.
speaker_heading: SKINNER
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Fuck you, Nero.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Whattya got for me?
text: CUT TO: POV of a woman writhing above us in ecstasy.
text: Lovemaking in point-of-view. We look down, see OUR BODY,
text: a woman's body... our hands moving over the other woman's
text: torso. The image is dark, a primal impression. Sound of
text: harsh breathing, rustling sheets.
text: BACK TO LENNY in the booth with Skinner. Lenny has
text: Skinner's tape running in a playback deck clipped to his
text: belt, next to his pager. He is hunched over the table,
dialog: "sampling" the merchandise by touching a few of the trode
text: pads to his temple without putting on the whole headset.
text: Like a coke dealer taking a little on the fingernail.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Yeah, I can use this...
dialog: (to the stoned girl)
dialog: ... but honey you gotta move your
dialog: eyes slower next time. It's too
dialog: jerky.
speaker_heading: SKINNER
dialog: It was her first time, Lenny. Cut
dialog: her some slack.
dialog: TIGHT SLOWMO SHOTS... ABSTRACT: SQUID tapes and money
text: changing hands. A SQUID tape sliding sensuously into a
dialog: deck.
text: TIGHT CU LENNY, through the windshield of his car. Neon
text: moving over him.
text: NEWS FOOTAGE: LAPD Aerospatiales circling, their xenon
text: lights turning night into day, giving the impression of a
text: futuristic war zone.
text: INSIDE THE COCKPIT, the infrared camera shows green-screen
text: images of people in cars, in their homes... like footage
text: of hyenas shot at night in total darkness.
text: The impression is of a society under siege, an occupied
dialog: nation... a watched society where the camera eye and the
dialog: police spotlight define our reality.
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: Go ahead, caller, you're on the air.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: My name's DeWayne, and I got a New
dialog: Year's resolution for the po-lice.
dialog: Hey, yo Five Oh, you better get down
dialog: with 2-K.
text: CRASH Unit cops with a bunch of Salvadoran gang kids
text: racked up against a storefront. A dozen 16 year-old girls
text: and guys, hands against the wall, acting bored, as the
text: cops walk up and down, reading IDs.
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: 2-K? What's that DeWayne?
text: A group of cops have two black guys proned out. Nearby a
text: crowd jeers, shouting insults. A black kid throws a beer
text: bottle and one of the cops chases him into the crowd.
speaker_heading: DEWAYNE
dialog: 2-K. The big two thousand. Comin
dialog: tomorrow night. Out with the old
dialog: and in wit da new. See for the Man,
dialog: no new is good new, what I'm sayin.
dialog: He like to keep it the way it is.
dialog: But we going to take it, make it
dialog: new, make it our own. History gonna
dialog: start right here, right now--
text: LENNY cuts him off as his cellular call connects.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Hi, Dave, this is Lenny.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Nero. Lenny Nero. That's right.
dialog: Oh, is it late? Sorry. It's just
dialog: that I have something that might be
dialog: of interest, and since I always call
dialog: you first--
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Uh, huh. Well, what would be a good
dialog: time? Okay, sure. Catch you then.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A GAME ARCADE. Light and noise as the customers drop
text: quarters for synthetic thrills. Lenny is talking to a
text: nice-looking street kid in his early 20's named EDUARDO.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: Let me get this straight... you
dialog: gonna pay me 200 bucks to put on a
dialog: hair net and bang some beautiful
dialog: babe. I don't know, I gotta think
dialog: about this.
text: Lenny smiles and pulls out a SQUID-net. He motions
dialog: Eduardo into the shadows.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Okay, let's get you wired up. I
dialog: hope this axle grease you got in
dialog: your hair doesn't screw up the squid
dialog: receptors.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: What's all this squid shit?
text: As Lenny works, fitting the network of sensors over
text: Eduardo's head, he holds class.
speaker_heading: LENNY
speaker_heading: Superconducting QUantum Interference
dialog: Device. SQUID. Got it? There's
dialog: gonna be a test.
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: Hey, fuck you, man.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Easy, Eduardo, easy. Preserve a
dialog: sense of humor at all times. Okay,
dialog: the receptor rig... what I'm putting
dialog: on your head... sends a signal to
dialog: the recorder.
dialog: (Lenny holds up the
dialog: recorder)
dialog: See we call it "being wired," but
dialog: there's no wire. You gotta keep the
dialog: recorder close... five, six feet
dialog: away max, like in your jacket pocket
dialog: by the bed or wherever you're going
dialog: to close escrow, know what I mean?
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: Yeah, right.
text: Lenny fits a wig from his briefcase over Eduardo's head,
text: turning him into a headbanger. Eduardo scowls at this
text: set-back to his suavete.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Some tips. Don't dart your eyes
dialog: around. Don't look in the mirror or
dialog: you'll ID yourself. OK? You got a
dialog: half hour of tape, so give me some
text: lead-in to the main event. But
dialog: don't wait too long, I don't want to
dialog: be going out for popcorn. And don't
dialog: act natural. Don't act at all.
dialog: Just forget the thing is on. Got
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: EDUARDO
dialog: No problem.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: A star is born.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN YARD - NIGHT
text: A woman's feet moving along the steel rail of a train
text: track at night. The woman has no shoes, her feet bare.
text: IRIS stumbles along the track, clutching one shoe
text: pointlessly to her chest. She is swearing and crying,
text: runny mascara leaving two tragic streaks down her pale
text: face. Despite this we see that she is attractive, though
text: her dress and make-up seem designed to convey overt
text: sexiness. Her white skin is complemented by a wild mane
dialog: of curly red hair.
text: She is in her early twenties, and the harshness of her
text: life has just begun to harden her features. She looks
text: lost and without hope, in fear of her life. Her breath
text: comes in hitching sobs, and her eyes are wild.
text: She runs between cold steel walls of freight cars, looking
text: behind her frequently. A police helicopter is circling.
text: Its xenon beam plays over the train yard, sweeping over
text: the cars. She hunches into the shadows of a freight-car
text: as the beam passes over. Looking under the cars she sees
text: an LAPD patrol car cruising down a street adjoining the
text: yard, its searchlight sweeping toward her. It moves on.
text: She continues her run, moving away from the direction of
text: the patrol car. She reaches a chain-link fence. Crying,
text: she scrambles over it, cutting her hands and ripping her
text: dress. Another patrol car passes two blocks away. She
text: crouches in the tall grass until it rounds a corner out of
dialog: sight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY AND STREET - NIGHT
text: Iris sprints down an alley between buildings. Rats
text: scatter into the shadows ahead of her. She doesn't seem
text: to notice. All she cares about are the police lights, and
text: the sound of the helicopter droning, circling.
text: She pauses at the mouth of the alley, scanning the well-
text: lit street beyond. There are people here: downtown low-
text: life street people. A half-block away is a brightly lit
text: sign marking the entrance to a Red-Line subway station.
text: She walks along the sidewalk, her eyes on the sign,
text: feeling exposed as she walks openly, her heart pounding.
dialog: She is a mess, but in this section of town people barely
text: glance at her.
text: LOW ANGLE on her bare feet, standing out amid the shoes
dialog: and boots of winter.
text: SHE CROSSES the street, and reaches the sidewalk just as a
text: black-and-white rounds the corner at the end of the block,
dialog: behind her.
text: IN THE CRUISER are TWO COPS, who are scanning the street.
text: They look intense. Revved up. They are BURDEN SPREG, a
text: massive, barrel-chested street-lifer in his mid-forties,
text: and DWAYNE ENGELMAN, an aggressive hard-on in his twenties
text: with a brush cut, a Nautilus body, and a face like a
dialog: ferret.
speaker_heading: ENGELMAN
dialog: She's a hooker, vice'll have her in
dialog: the book. We can pick her up later.
speaker_heading: SPREG
dialog: No. Now.
text: IRIS knows the cops are behind her. She is terrified to
text: turn. Finally she can't stand it any more. She breaks
text: into a run. The patrol car speeds up suddenly, roaring
dialog: after her.
text: Iris sprints along in her bare feet, all-out like a track
text: runner. The black-and-white screeches to the curb next to
text: her and the cops jump out.
text: Iris hits the stairs down to the subway station at a full-
text: tilt boogie, knocking down some poor old guy whose
text: groceries go flying.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY STATION AND TRAIN
text: Iris trips on the landing, spins sprawling across the
text: filthy tile floor, and comes up running. Panting with
text: fear and exertion she clears the turnstiles like a
dialog: hurdler.
text: The cops pound down the stairs two at a time. Spreg draws
text: his 9mm. In his eyes we see an unaccountable craziness...
text: a hunter who has as much at stake somehow as the prey.
text: Street people fall back as Spreg thunders through them.
dialog: They aren't about to get in the way of this juggernaut cop
dialog: and his boy wonder.
text: The two cops reach the platform. No Iris in sight.
text: MOVING WITH THEM as they slow to a walk, scanning. A
text: couple of low-lifes standing around, waiting for trains,
text: eye them warily as Spreg gets a call on his Rover.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (V.O.)
dialog: Do you request back-up?
speaker_heading: SPREG
dialog: Negative. Suspect is a black male,
dialog: age 35 to 40. We're handling it.
text: A train pulls into the station with a whoosh of air. A
text: few people board. There is only the sound of the cops'
text: footsteps as they move along the empty platform. With a
text: pneumatic hiss the train's doors begin to close.
text: Suddenly Iris breaks from behind a column up ahead at a
text: full sprint. Spreg unleashes his size 13 cop shoes,
text: thundering along the platform to intercept her. Engelman
text: straight-arms his pistol.
speaker_heading: ENGELMAN
speaker_heading: FREEZE!
text: Iris clears the doors just as they hiss shut. Her
text: momentum carries her clear across the car, where she slams
text: into the far wall and staggers back, almost falling. She
text: gasps for breath and looks up to see...
text: ... Spreg crashing against the outside of the doors she
text: just came through as the train starts to move. He tries
text: to force the doors apart... can't. He aims his gun
dialog: through the window.
text: Thinking fast Iris dives to his side of the car and
text: presses herself up against the solid wall next to the
text: door, where he can't see her.
text: OUTSIDE, Spreg is running next to the accelerating train.
text: He swings his pistol, smashing the window with the butt.
text: Iris screams as Spreg lunges through the opening next to
text: her like some uniformed nightmare and grabs her. He is
text: still running alongside, pulling on her. Trying to drag
text: her right out through the window.
text: She struggles. Bites his beefy hand. He swears and lets
text: go. Then makes one last grab. Gets his fingers into her
text: long mane of hair. Yanks on her. She comes half out the
text: window, screaming.
text: Then... RIP! The hair pulls off her head.
text: Spreg drops away, behind the speeding train, holding a
text: red wig. He looks at it stupidly, then raises his pistol
dialog: and fires at Iris.
text: She jerks back through the window and drops to the floor.
text: A couple of shots hit the metal outside. We see Iris has
text: short hair, platinum white. In it are a few of the many
text: pins which held the wig securely in place. She gasps for
text: air, sobbing and hugging her knees, trembling all over.
text: SPREG STANDS on the platform, watching the train
text: disappear, as Engelman runs up. Spreg looks at the wig in
text: his hand, disgusted. He turns it and looks inside, at the
dialog: cap.
text: CLOSE ON THE CAP inside the wig: there is an intricate
text: network of sensors in a grid over the entire underside of
text: the wig. The sensors are connected by wires, in a pattern
text: like the veins of a leaf, bundling to a small, flat metal
text: box, the size of a cigarette case. It is a SQUID NET.
text: Iris was wired. Spreg just stares at the SQUID NET, eyes
dialog: going crazy wide.
speaker_heading: ENGELMAN
dialog: Oh shit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT./ INT. LENNY'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: IT'S 4 AM. Lenny trudges through a heavy security gate
text: into the center court of his ratty building. The pool
text: furniture is in the pool. Gang graffiti marks the walls.
text: Bars on all the windows. One of the doors looks like
text: somebody opened it with an ax. The pool lights give the
dialog: place an eerie, dead glow. Can out slick Lenny really
dialog: live in this dump?
text: Through a barred window we see Lenny approaching as we
text: hear the OUTGOING MESSAGE on his answering machine in the
dialog: F.G.
dialog: BEEP. And...
speaker_heading: IRIS (V.O.)
dialog: Lenny, goddamn it, you got to be
dialog: there, you got to help me, come on,
dialog: pick up, pick up...
text: Through the window we see Lenny fishing in his pocket for
dialog: his keys.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALL NIGHT GAS STATION - NIGHT
text: Iris at a pay phone in the cold of an all-night gas
dialog: station.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: ... you got to be there for me...
dialog: COME ON! Shit, I'll call later.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LENNY'S APARTMENT
text: As Lenny unlocks the door, all he hears is Iris' "I'll
text: call later." He picks up the phone as the connection
dialog: breaks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALL NIGHT GAS STATION - NIGHT
text: Iris continues to grip the phone even after she has hung
text: up. She looks desolate, without hope.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LENNY'S APARTMENT
text: LENNY doesn't stop to play back Iris' message, or any of
text: the twenty others on his machine. He just deadbolts the
text: door and locks a steel bar across the door frame, then
dialog: carries his Haliburton...
dialog: ... toward the bedroom. And we see the truth of his
text: reality. Lenny's crib is a shit-box. It is a small one-
text: bedroom, barely furnished. A couple of chairs. Swap-meet
text: couch. Cardboard boxes full of tech gear stacked in the
text: corners, unidentified electronics components piled on a
dialog: table, cables strung everywhere. God knows what this
text: stuff is. There is aluminum foil taped to all the
text: windows. Fast food cartons, empty Coke cans, pizza boxes
text: everywhere. The bachelor apartment from hell. High-tech
dialog: low-life.
text: He goes into the bedroom. Mattress on the floor. Same
text: infernal interior decoration, but this room is dominated
text: by racks of tapes... Squid tapes.
text: Lenny pours himself a vodka from a bedside bottle, takes
text: off his clothes and hangs them over a chair. He sits on
text: the bed in his underwear, looking lonely and depressed.
dialog: This is the private Lenny: No plans. No dreams. Nothing
dialog: to look forward to but another day of the hustle.
text: He puts a set of playback trodes carefully on his head,
text: fishes around in a shoe box among a bunch of tapes,
text: squinting at the hand-written labels: they all say
dialog: "FAITH." Only the dates are different.
text: He selects one and inserts it in the deck, makes some
text: minute adjustments. Sips his vodka. Leans back. Closes
text: his eyes. And hits PLAY.
scene_heading: PLAY BACK SEQUENCE/ POV:
text: We are moving along the Venice boardwalk, following a
dialog: YOUNG WOMAN on Rollerblades. By our motion, it is obvious
dialog: that we are on Rollerblades too, and not doing so well.
text: The woman is laughing, turning circles around us, cracking
dialog: up at our discomfort.
dialog: We hear Lenny's voice complaining a mile a minute, and we
text: realize the POV is his. The girl takes our hands, skating
text: backward, towing us along the boardwalk. It is a sunny
dialog: afternoon, and it is the usual boardwalk freak show all
dialog: around us.
text: The woman is FAITH JUSTIN, a singer. Lenny is desperately
dialog: in love with her. It's not hard to see why. She is
text: beautiful, in an alive, dynamic way. Her hair is a wild
text: dark mane, and her eyes are spectacular... intense. She
text: moves with a lithe, sinuous grace. We are staring at her
text: eyes instead of concentrating on skating.
text: Whammo! The POV spins and we are sitting, looking up at
text: Faith as she circles, laughing. She skates over to help
dialog: us up.
text: CUT TO LENNY, on his bed, smiling. He punches Fast
dialog: Forward.
text: BACK TO POV. A kinetic blur of digital hash, then...
text: We are following Faith, now holding her skates, up the
text: steps to a beach apartment. Inside it is funky and
dialog: comfortable.
text: Music from a disk player she left on. Bob Marley singing
text: "Three Little Birds". Faith, covered with a sheen of
text: sweat, sways to the music as she goes into a bedroom. We
dialog: follow her.
text: She comes out of the small bathroom with a towel, starts
text: to dry off. Sunlight comes in the window lighting up
text: Faith like she is in a spotlight. We move up behind her
text: and take the towel away, and now we see Lenny standing
text: behind Faith in the mirror over the dresser.
text: He puts his arms around her and they sway together to the
text: music. He runs his fingers in lazy circles over her
text: sweaty belly. Then leans down and licks the sweat off her
text: shoulder, all the while watching her in the mirror. A
text: voyeur recording his voyeurism through his own eyes, so he
dialog: can replay and relive the moment.
text: Their eyes meet in the mirror.
text: They both watch as Lenny slides his hand up under her
text: halter and caresses her nipples. She moans softly,
text: responding. She turns to him, and our POV shifts directly
text: to her. She is right in front of us, in TIGHT CLOSE UP.
dialog: The intimacy is power.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Hey, you going to watch or you going
dialog: to do?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Watch and see.
text: We lean toward her, until her eyes fill frame as they
dialog: close in a kiss. We (Lenny) keeps ours open. Our hands
text: pull her halter over her head. Then she pulls up on
text: Lenny's T-shirt, laughing. We see it go over our eyes,
text: blocking the view for a moment.
text: Then Faith kisses Lenny's bare chest. We are looking down
text: at her, looking down across our body, Lenny's body, as
text: Faith kisses lower, kneeling in front of us, unbuckling
dialog: our belt and we--
text: CUT TO LENNY in the here and now. Lost in playback memory
text: bliss. He inhales sharply behind a wave of electronically
dialog: recorded pleasure.
text: BACK TO POV. Lenny pulls Faith up to his face, kissing
text: her, then pushing her gently to the bed, where we lie down
text: together in a pool of sunlight slashing across the tangled
text: sheets. She looks up, right at us...
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: I love your eyes, Lenny.
dialog: (she touches our
dialog: eyelids)
dialog: I love the way they see.
text: CUT TO LENNY, lost in the swirl of sensation. He touches
text: his tongue to his fingertip.
text: IN POV we look down at Faith as we enter her. She gasps
text: and closes her eyes, grabbing the headboard with both
text: hands. There is only the sound of gasping breaths, the
text: creaking bed frame. She rocks with the rhythm of our
text: thrusts, borne away by the intensity until she cries out.
text: CUT TO LENNY, reliving the past, under the electrodes. He
text: reacts to the past orgasm. The tape ends, Lenny slowly
text: takes off the trodes. There is a tiny tear at the corner
dialog: of his eye.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LENNY'S APARTMENT/SERIES OF SHOTS
speaker_heading: 2:14 PM, DECEMBER 30
text: Lenny cracks an eye as the Sony 35" blinks on in alarm
dialog: mode: news flashes of the day before New Year's Eve...
dialog: police preparations for the epic Millennium L.A. shebang
text: downtown, the National Guard doing riot prep, etc.
text: Sunlight comes like lasers through holes in the aluminum
text: foil over the windows. Lenny goes to the kitchen in his
text: underwear, searches for breakfast in the fridge, which is
text: empty except for a red-white-and-blue 2-stick popsicle.
dialog: Good morning.
text: The TV screen shows a murder scene with cops milling
text: around, yellow plastic over three crumpled forms on the
text: ground. It cuts to a file photo of a severe-featured
dialog: black man.
speaker_heading: ANCHORWOMAN
dialog: ... bodies of two men found early
dialog: this morning under the Hollywood
dialog: freeway have been identified as rap
dialog: star Jeriko One and bandmember James
dialog: Polton, known to fans as "Replay".
text: A third body, that of a woman, has
dialog: not yet been identified. With his
dialog: band, the Prophets of Rage, Jeriko
dialog: One's outspoken political stance
dialog: and violent lyrics have stirred
dialog: nationwide controversy...
text: CUT TO: A little later. Lenny sucks on the popsicle while
text: he puts the night's wardrobe together. This is a ceremony
text: he observes carefully. Suit laid out on the bed, shirt
text: beneath the jacket. Lenny matches a tie to the ensemble
dialog: -- well, maybe -- tries another -- that's the one.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Lenny, behind the wheel of the BMW. He is revved up, his
text: look dialed-in. He's on the move. Seizing the day.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (on cellular)
dialog: You know I can get you anything you
dialog: want, anytime you want it, just not
dialog: right now. We'll hook up at the
text: club later. Around eleven. Yeah.
text: Lenny wheels into a parking lot, finds a space, grabs his
text: Haliburton and steps out, heading for the front door of
dialog: the Coral Lounge.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORAL LOUNGE
text: The decor is sort of Polynesian. Goofy tropical motif
text: murals on the walls. The place has a mixed bag of
dialog: customers, including upwardly mobile low-lifes who have
dialog: graduated from the streets and use it as a kind of office.
dialog: It is a crossroads for druggies, upscale hookers, junior
text: entertainment suits slumming after a day in the pressure
dialog: cooker.
text: Lenny cruises through like he owns the place, greeting a
dialog: number of the early regulars. We get the impression he
dialog: knows everybody, all the time, everywhere he goes. He
text: leans on the bar.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Hey, Lenny.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Anything without an umbrella.
text: He gets backslapped by a guy in a satin racing jacket:
dialog: Fabrizio.
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO
dialog: Lenny my man, I think you want to
dialog: meet a friend of mine.
text: Lenny follows Fabrizio's look to a guy, dressed LA power-
text: casual, sitting at a booth across the room.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Looks like money to me.
text: Lenny grabs his drink off the bar and follows Fabrizio
dialog: across the room.
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO
dialog: Don't forget your friends.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: 10 percent, Fabri, like always.
text: They slide into the booth with KEITH.
speaker_heading: FABRI
dialog: Keith, this is Lenny. Guy I was
dialog: telling you about. He can get you
dialog: anything you--
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: Just a second. Not to be rude,
dialog: Keith, but I got to ask, are you a
dialog: cop?
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: I understand. No, I'm not.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: You understand? Attorney! Right?
dialog: Am I right?
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: That's right.
text: Lenny sizes the guy up, looks around the edge of the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Tassel shoes. Entertainment law,
dialog: would be my guess.
dialog: (off the guy's scowl)
dialog: Relax. I just like to guess, is
dialog: all. It's my job to know people and
dialog: what they want... what's behind
dialog: their eyes.
speaker_heading: FABRIZIO
dialog: Lenny gives people their heart's
dialog: desire. Ain't that right, Lenny?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: That's right. My second question I
dialog: gotta ask, so we get our bearings
dialog: here... have you ever jacket in?
dialog: Have you ever wiretripped?
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (a winning grin)
dialog: A virgin brain! Well we're going to
dialog: start you off right. So what do you
dialog: know about this? Save us some
dialog: time...
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Just what I've read. That the
dialog: technology was developed for the
dialog: Feds, to replace the body wire. And
dialog: now it's gone black market. So, uh,
dialog: do I get the deck from you?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I'll set you up, get you a deck at
dialog: my cost... since my thing is the
dialog: software.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Clips.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: That's right. Clips.
dialog: (Lenny leans in,
dialog: working the guy)
dialog: Look, I want you to know what we're
dialog: talking about here. This isn't like
dialog: TV only better. This is life. It's
dialog: a piece of somebody's life. Pure
dialog: and uncut, straight from the
dialog: cerebral cortex. You're there.
dialog: You're doing it, seeing it, hearing
dialog: it... feeling it.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: What kind of things exactly?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Exactly anything. Whatever you
dialog: want. Whoever you want to be.
dialog: (handing Fabrizio a
dialog: twenty)
dialog: Fabri, get us another round, would
dialog: you.
text: Fabrizio gets the hint and heads for the bar.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: You want to go skiing without
dialog: leaving your den, you can. But I'm
dialog: assuming a guy like you, you wanna
dialog: go skiing you fly to Aspen. That's
dialog: not what you're interested in here.
dialog: It's about the stuff you can't
dialog: have... right? The forbidden
dialog: fruit.
text: Keith nods, mesmerized by Lenny.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Like running into a liquor store
dialog: with a .357 magnum in your hand,
dialog: feeling the adrenalin pumping
dialog: through your veins. Or...
dialog: (pointing discreetly)
dialog: ... see that guy, with the drop-dead
dialog: Philipino girl friend?
dialog: (Keith looks)
dialog: Wouldn't you like to be that guy for
dialog: twenty minutes? The right twenty
dialog: minutes. I can make it happen. And
dialog: you won't even tarnish your wedding
dialog: ring.
text: Keith touches his ring self-consciously, then grins.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: (hooked like a carp)
dialog: Sounds good.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I can get you what you want. You
dialog: just have to talk to me. I'm your
dialog: priest, your shrink, your main
dialog: connection to the switchboard of
dialog: souls. I'm the Magic Man, the Santa
dialog: Claus of the Subconscious. You say
dialog: it, you even think it, you can have
dialog: it. You want a girl, you want two
dialog: girls? I don't know what your thing
dialog: is or what you're curious about...
dialog: you want a guy? You want to be a
dialog: girl... see what that feels like?
dialog: You want a nun to tie you up? It's
dialog: all doable.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: (flushed, sweating,
dialog: ready)
dialog: Talk to me about costs, here.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Listen, before we get into numbers,
dialog: I want you to try a taste. I got a
dialog: deck with me.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: What? Right Here?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Step into my office.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORAL LOUNGE/MEN'S ROOM
text: Close on Keith's face, as he sits on the sink counter
text: reacting to a Squid tape. He jerks... his mouth drops
text: open... he gasps. His hands start to move over his body,
text: feeling it wonderingly. He gasps again, tilts his head
text: down, moans... and Lenny hits Pause on the Playback.
text: Keith opens his eyes to a grinning Lenny.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: You were just an eighteen year old
dialog: girl taking a shower. Are you
dialog: beginning to see the possibilities
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT/CORAL LOUNGE
text: A figure moves stealthily from the shadows and approached
text: Lenny's car: Iris, hair dyed black now, wearing jeans and
text: a coat but still showing scars from last night's pursuit.
text: She tries the door of the car: locked. She looks toward
text: the Coral Lounge, debates whether to go look for Lenny.
dialog: Better not.
text: She takes a Squid tape from her pocket, and scribbles a
text: note on the label: "HELP ME. IRIS." She drops the tape
text: through a 2-inch gap in Lenny's sun roof... and it bounces
text: off the seat, onto the floor.
text: She looks through the windshield, totally distraught,
text: trying to see where the tape landed... and sees the
text: reflection of cop cruiser lights coming down the street.
text: She crouches next to the BMW, trying to blot herself out.
text: And when the cruiser passes, she slumps to the ground,
text: crying, afraid to move.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORAL LOUNGE
text: A man in his late 30s: longish hair, no shave since the
text: weekend, army jacket bulking over a massive frame. A
text: daunting figure as he approaches the bartender.
speaker_heading: MAN (MAX)
dialog: Where is he?
text: Bobby, the bartender, cocks his eye toward the restrooms.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR/CORAL LOUNGE
text: Lenny unlocks the men's room door and walks down the dingy
text: corridor with her new customer, Keith.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Yeah, I'm interested, but can we get
dialog: someplace a little less public?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: You nervous? Forget it. The cops
dialog: have more to worry about in this
dialog: city than the squid-trade, believe
dialog: me--
text: Behind them, the door of the women's bathroom whips open
text: and the guy in the army jacket grabs Lenny from behind and
text: SLAMS him face-first into the wall, jamming a .45 against
dialog: his skull.
speaker_heading: MAN (MAX)
dialog: Don't move! That's it, assume the
dialog: position you miserable techno-perv
dialog: puke.
text: Cop style, the man in the army jacket kicks Lenny's feet
text: apart. Starts to cuff him.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (to Keith)
dialog: Beat it fuckwad.
text: Ash-white, Keith lays a smoke trail down the hall. On the
text: main floor of the club, Fabrizio sees him splitting and
text: hurries after him.
text: Back in the corridor, Lenny spins around and shoves his
text: attacker against the opposite wall. The guy offers no
text: resistance. In fact, he's too weak from laughing.
speaker_heading: MAN (MAX)
dialog: Gotcha.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Damnit, Max, I was with a client!
dialog: You think that's funny? To mess
dialog: with a man's livelihood? It's not
dialog: funny!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You see the look on that preppy
dialog: puke's face? Fuckin' pissed in his
dialog: Topsiders.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (laughing a little)
dialog: Okay. It was funny. But it cost me
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Come on, amigo, the world's full of
dialog: marks. And nobody knows how to work
dialog: 'em like you do, pal. You could
dialog: sell a goddamn rat's asshole for a
dialog: wedding ring! Let me buy you a
dialog: drink.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Least you can do.
text: Max Peltier, which he mispronounces "Pelcher", slings his
text: arm fraternally over Lenny's shoulder. They cross to the
text: bar. Max roars greetings to several regulars, pushing
text: between strangers like an out of control tractor.
speaker_heading: REGULAR
dialog: Yo, Pelcher! Mad Max!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Fuckin' A right I'm mad! I might
dialog: kill every man in here. But first
dialog: I'm buyin' my buddy here a drink.
dialog: (seeing another
dialog: regular)
dialog: Hey O'Neal! You were right, your
dialog: wife does give good head.
text: Max lurches onto a barstool and hunches there like a
text: misanthropic bear, pounding the bartop.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Bobbyyyy! Tequila por favor!
dialog: Double shots. Make it Tres
dialog: Generaciones, huh. Nothin' but the
dialog: best for my good friend Lenny, the
dialog: finest cop that ever got thrown off
dialog: the vice squad. Hey, nice tie.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Thanks, Max.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: D'you always have to dress like a
dialog: fuckin' pimp?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: This tie cost more than your entire
dialog: wardrobe.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: That's not sayin' much.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: It's the one thing that stands
dialog: between me and the jungle.
text: Max raises his double shooter.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: To the jungle! Where outa the blue
dialog: some shitbird can cap you in the
dialog: back of the head and ruin your whole
dialog: day.
text: He downs it in two fierce gulps.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: You were lucky, Max.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yup. So darn lucky. I wake up with
dialog: a .22-short floating in my brainpan,
dialog: and a cop pension I can't live off
dialog: of. Good thing I wasn't any
dialog: luckier. Bobby! Another shooter
dialog: right here!
text: Bobby pours for Max.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You seen Faith lately?
text: Lenny reacts visibly to the name, his whole demeanor
dialog: sagging.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Naw. She won't call me.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Just as well, Lenny. You gotta get
dialog: past it. I mean sure, Faith was by
dialog: far the most outstanding woman a guy
dialog: like you could ever hope to get, I
dialog: mean it's completely and deeply
text: humiliating that she's gone, but
text: it's over, campadre.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Thanks, Max. I'm touched by your
dialog: concern.
text: CUT TO: Iris, working her way from the front door, staying
text: on the fringe of the crowd, wary, moving toward Max and
text: Lenny at the bar.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I just hate to see you pining away.
dialog: It makes me want to vomit, frankly.
dialog: (philosophically)
dialog: Broken hearts are for assholes.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (seeing Iris)
dialog: Hey, Iris, you okay?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Lenny, I got to talk to you, it's
dialog: serious...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (looking at her face)
dialog: What happened, honey, some john get
dialog: rough on you?
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (to Lenny)
dialog: I mean talk private. Please, I'm in
dialog: trouble, and so is Faith.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (as Lenny reacts to
dialog: the name)
dialog: There it is, the magic fuckin' word.
text: Lenny takes Iris by the arm and pulls her away from the
dialog: bar.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Can we go to your car? There's
dialog: something you have to see right
dialog: away.
text: He nods and steers her toward the front door of the Coral
dialog: Lounge.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CORAL LOUNGE/PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Lenny and Iris come out the front door.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: It's a bad situation... if they get
dialog: me I know they're going to -- OH
dialog: SHIT!
text: She bridles like a startled horse. Lenny looks at what
text: she sees: a red beam, sweeping the parking lot. Must be
text: the cops. He turns back...
dialog: She's gone. What the hell?
text: He looks back at the red light... and edges around the
dialog: corner to see what the cops are up to...
text: It's not a cop car. It's a tow-truck, with Lenny's BMW on
text: the hook. Lenny runs to the TOW DRIVER, who looks like a
dialog: biker only meaner.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Hang on, that's my car--
speaker_heading: TOW DRIVER
text: Not anymore. Belongs to the bank.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Hey wait a second...
text: Ignoring him, the driver has started the hydraulic lift,
text: and Lenny makes the mistake of grabbing his beefy arm.
text: The guy whips around, putting the muzzle of a .38 in
text: Lenny's face.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Oh, yeah, that's the answer! Two
dialog: million years of human evolution and
dialog: that's the best idea you can come up
dialog: with?
dialog: (driver continues
dialog: with the hoist)
dialog: Okay. Look, whattya get to repo a
dialog: car? Two hundred? Two fifty? I'll
dialog: pay you three fifty, right now. All
dialog: you gotta do is drop it off the hook
dialog: and say you came by, your mark
dialog: wasn't here. Simple. Make a few
dialog: bucks. Do a good deed. Huh?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: You got the cash on you?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I was going to write you a check, if
dialog: that's--
text: The guy is getting into his truck.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Okay, okay, I totally respect that
dialog: call. I would want cash. They'll
dialog: take my check inside... I can see
dialog: you're pressed for time, just give
dialog: me two minutes... here keep my watch
dialog: for collateral.
text: He hands the guy his watch.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: It's a Rolex. Be right back. Two
dialog: minutes.
text: Lenny gets to the front door of the Coral Lounge, turns
text: just in time to see the tow-truck pulling out. Lenny runs
text: after his car, yelling, watching it recede.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Son of a bitch!
text: Lenny walks back to the bar. He sets his Haliburton up on
text: the truck of a car and pops it open. He takes out a tiny
text: digital cellular phone and dials a number. While it's
text: ringing he takes another, identical Rolex knock-off out of
text: the briefcase and slips it on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT
text: A hand pulls a ringing cellular out of a black jacket.
text: Follow the hand and phone to the face of a black woman.
text: LORNETTE "MACE" MASON. Late twenties. Striking features.
text: Hair pulled back tight to her skull. She is driving, but
text: we don't see the car, or anything but her face.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Hello? Hey Lenny, whatup?
dialog: (listens a beat;
dialog: then)
dialog: Uh huh. Uh huh. Sure. So what
dialog: happened to your car this time?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CORAL LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: A black limo pulls into the lot. It is a Continental
dialog: armored stretch, downsized from today's standards. The
text: door opens and Mace gets out. She is compactly built,
text: dressed in black slacks, a conservative black jacket,
text: heavy rubber-soled shoes. She glances around as she heads
text: for the Coral Lounge entrance, the unconscious sweeping
dialog: gaze of a security professional.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORAL LOUNGE
text: Mace scopes the room quickly, professionally, then heads
dialog: for the bar.
text: ON Max and Lenny at the bar.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: See, if you packed your piece you
dialog: could've made the guy see sense.
speaker_heading: LENNY
text: Uh unh, carrying a gun wrecks the
text: line of a fine jacket.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: An ex-cop that doesn't carry. It's
dialog: embarrassing. I oughta not be seen
dialog: with you.
dialog: (as she slips up
dialog: behind them)
dialog: Hey, Mace. What's goin' on?
text: She plants herself between Max and Lenny and takes a
dialog: generous handful of their nachos.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Greetings, gents.
dialog: (to Lenny)
dialog: So let's hear this week's sad story.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: They jerked my wheels, d'you believe
dialog: it? I mean it's outrageous, the
dialog: computer errors the banks are making
dialog: lately. Have you noticed?
text: Mace and Max exchange a weary look.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: No. I haven't noticed because I
dialog: make my payments. So, Max Pelcher,
dialog: how's the P.I. business?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Sucks.
dialog: (attention caught by
dialog: TV)
dialog: Hey, Bobby, turn that up.
dialog: The Bartender obeys: it's more news about the Jeriko One
dialog: killing. There's file footage of Jeriko and his band, the
dialog: Prophets of Rage; interview with a lot of furious fans,
text: mostly black inner city kids; and a news clip of Jeriko at
text: an outdoor rally, exhorting the crowd with near religious
dialog: fervor:
speaker_heading: JERIKO ONE (ON T.V.)
dialog: The LAPD is a military force turned
dialog: against its own people. We live in
dialog: a police state! The mayor and the
dialog: city council sit up in their offices
dialog: with their social programs that
dialog: don't work... they're rearranging
dialog: deck chairs on the Titanic. But the
dialog: new day is coming! Two-K is coming!
dialog: The day of reckoning is upon us.
dialog: History ends and begins again right
dialog: here! Right now!
text: Max raises a glass in salute to the TV screen.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: To the end of all things!
dialog: (slugs down the shot)
dialog: You know how I know it's the end of
dialog: the world? Because everything's
dialog: been done, every kind of music's
dialog: been tried, every government's been
dialog: tried, every fuckin' hairstyle.
dialog: How you gonna make it another
dialog: thousand years, for Chrissake?
text: On the TV, clip of Jeriko's speech has been replaced by an
dialog: interview with Jeriko One's manager. TRAN VO. Tran is
text: Vietnamese, and around Lenny's age. He's angular, suave,
text: cool as an early frost. Dialed in. Lenny sees his face
text: on the screen like a personal nightmare.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm telling ya, it's over. We used
dialog: it all up--
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (riveted to the TV)
dialog: Shutup a second!
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Hey, isn't that Tran Vo?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yup. He was Jeriko's manager.
dialog: (to screen)
dialog: Bummer, Tran! Lost your golden
dialog: goose. Couldn't happen to a nicer
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: But I mean isn't he Faith's new--
dialog: (she mouths the word
dialog: "boyfriend")
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Sssssh! Not in front of Lenny. You
dialog: may trigger a maudlin display which
dialog: will force us to tranquilize him.
text: ON THE SCREEN, Tran is being jostled as he walks,
text: answering the reporters questions in a glare of minicam
dialog: lights.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: The LAPD have said they believe
dialog: this is a gang-related incident.
dialog: Can you comment on that, Mr. Vo?
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: We have no facts yet. All we know
dialog: for sure is that we have lost a
dialog: great artist, that a great voice for
dialog: change is now silent...
text: Lenny, scowling, pushes away from the bar. Mace goes with
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Thanks for giving me a ride. I just
dialog: have a few stops, mostly on the west
dialog: side--
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa. I said I'd
dialog: drop you home, but I'm not taking
dialog: you on your sleazoid rounds. I've
dialog: already pulled twelve hours today.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (upbeat again)
dialog: Come on, Mace. This is gonna be a
dialog: big night. Can't you feel it? The
dialog: energy in the air? There's money to
dialog: be made, dreams to sell.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Sleaze to peddle.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Just a couple of hours. It'll be
dialog: fun--
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Excuse me. What part of NO don't
dialog: you understand?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Mace, you're my friend. I need you.
dialog: Plus I'll give you 25% of what I
dialog: make tonight.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Lenny, this may be a hard concept
dialog: for you, but friends don't have to
dialog: pay their friends.
text: Lenny starts to whine like a puppy. Mace gives up.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Jeez, you're pathetic. Okay, I got
dialog: a pickup at the St. James. I'll
dialog: take you there, you can get a cab.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (an arm around her
dialog: like a buddy)
dialog: Mace! You're a life-saver.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: Driving Mr. Lenny.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIMO - NIGHT
text: As Lenny and Mace cruise the night streets, passing the
text: ongoing pageant of cops and decay. Mace glances at Lenny,
text: sitting next to her in front, and at his omnipresent
dialog: Haliburton.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: So, what's up with you? Another
dialog: busy night selling porno to
dialog: wireheads?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: No, wrong... I sell experiences.
dialog: Sex is only part of it.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Buncha techno-perv jerkoffs.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Way I look at it, I actually perform
dialog: a humanitarian service. I save
dialog: lives.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Uh huh, I wanna hear this part.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Okay, take some executive... bored
dialog: with his life, bored with his
dialog: wife... he picks up a hooker or some
text: girl at a bar. Then he goes around
dialog: for months, torn up worrying that
dialog: he's got AIDS, that he'll infect his
dialog: wife. And maybe he really does
dialog: catch something--
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Price he pays for being a
dialog: scumsucking pig.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Everybody needs to take a walk to
text: the dark end of the street sometime,
dialog: it's what we are. But now the risks
dialog: are outa line. The streets are a
dialog: war zone. And sex can kill you. So
dialog: you slip on the trodes, you get what
dialog: you need and it keeps you from
dialog: jumping your tracks.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Lenny, this shit's illegal.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Define illegal.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Me bailing your sorry pale ass out
dialog: of jail twice in the last six
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (kidding)
dialog: Yeah, but that was for love.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Define love.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ST. JAMES CLUB - NIGHT
text: Mace's limo wheels up to the hotel on the strip.
text: A soberly-dressed Japanese executive is waiting next to
dialog: the doorman.
text: INSIDE the car, Mace spots him and scowls.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Dammit, Lenny, you made me late.
text: Lenny opening the door before the car stops.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: What's his name?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Fumitsu.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Mr. Fumitsu, good evening sir,
dialog: Leonard Nero, Security Express.
dialog: Lornette Mason here is just
dialog: completing our routine driver
dialog: evaluation. We do it to make sure
dialog: that out VIP clients, such as
dialog: yourself, are always treated as
dialog: honored guests. I just need to ride
dialog: up front and take some notes, if you
dialog: don't mind.
text: Fumitsu nods politely and Lenny opens the car door for
text: him. Lenny jogs around behind the car to the front
dialog: passenger door.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Um, excuse me.
dialog: (can't stand to say
dialog: it)
dialog: Sir. Excuse me. Mr. Nero.
text: She walks calmly to him.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (hissing through her
dialog: teeth)
dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (winning smile,
dialog: innocent)
dialog: Coming with you.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: You will not live to see the
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HANCOCK PARK HOUSE - NIGHT
text: As the limo stops at an elegant home in this top-bucks,
text: old-line residential area. There is a loud party in
text: progress, with a couple of hundred guests spread through
text: the house and backyard. Mace scowls deeply as Lenny gets
text: out of the car and starts into the party with Mr. Fumitsu.
text: They are laughing uproariously and getting along like old
dialog: friends.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HANCOCK PARK HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Mace, having a cigarette with other security drivers,
text: watches Lenny through the tall windows of the old Spanish
text: house. She sees him working the room, rubbing up against
text: the money, networking. No dialogue. A pantomime of Lenny
text: working his prime turf. She stares at him for a while,
text: then looks at her watch. Sighs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT./ INT. HANCOCK PARK HOUSE/GARDEN - NIGHT
text: ... as a tall, stern figure suddenly slides into Lenny's
text: path, a top cop named PALMER STRICKLAND.
speaker_heading: STRICKLAND
dialog: Nero.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (uh-oh)
dialog: Strickland.
speaker_heading: STRICKLAND
dialog: Commissioner Strickland.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Sure. Whatever. See, since you
dialog: shitcanned my career, I don't even
dialog: have to call you sir. One of life's
dialog: small pleasures.
speaker_heading: STRICKLAND
dialog: Aren't you peddling your wares a
dialog: little far from your usual gutter?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I was invited here by a close
dialog: friend, Mr. Fumitsu, see he's right
dialog: over there.
text: Lenny waves. Fumitsu waves back from across the room.
speaker_heading: STRICKLAND
dialog: I don't like disappointments, Nero.
dialog: And do you know what disappoints me
dialog: very much?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Your sex life?
speaker_heading: STRICKLAND
dialog: Your existence.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HANCOCK PARK HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Mace sits in her limo, talking on the cellular.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Now listen to me... you have to get
dialog: to bed young man. I mean it. No
dialog: watching "Tales from the Crypt". I
dialog: don't care what Cecile says. I'll
dialog: see you in the morning, baby.
dialog: Night, night.
text: As she hangs up, she glances out the window in time to
dialog: see...
text: Lenny flying over a hedge. He lands on the sidewalk, then
text: scrambles up and brushes himself off as TWO SECURITY TYPES
text: loom toward him. He adjusts his wardrobe and walks with
text: dignity (but quickly) toward the car.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Are we having a bad night?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (glancing back)
dialog: Let's talk in the car.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. MACE'S LIMO - NIGHT
text: As Mace pulls out, Lenny starts fitting a pair of playback
text: trodes to his head. Mace glances at him in disgust. He
text: hits his playback button.
text: Lenny's POV as he talks to Faith. Back when things were
text: good. He's wiring her. They are playful, like a couple
dialog: of kids.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: I feel like you're turning me into a
speaker_heading: VCR.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I just want to see what we're like
dialog: together through your eyes.
text: He turns OFF the record button. STATIC. Then TAPE
text: RESTARTS. We see the two of them standing together,
text: reflected in a mirror.
dialog: We are Faith now.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: I don't feel anything. Is it on?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Forget it's there.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Make me forget it, baby.
text: He turns her to him. They begin to make love. Faith's
text: face fills our field of view, eyes closed in dreamy
dialog: passion.
text: A sudden FLASH OF LIGHT. Lenny opens his eyes to see...
text: Mace's glowing countenance.
text: She has stopped the car, torn the trodes from Lenny's head
text: and tossed them out the window. Now she's yanking him out
text: of the car by his lapels.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Hey, careful on the jacket. This is
dialog: Armani.
dialog: (he looks at her)
dialog: You angry?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: I've had enough of this shit.
dialog: (getting back into
dialog: the car)
dialog: You're on foot, Lenny.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: In LA? Are you crazy?
text: Mace starts to peel out, but Lenny leaps and plasters
text: himself on the hood. Mace pretends she doesn't see him.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (as they drive along)
dialog: Can I come in please? I'm having a
dialog: hard time hearing the stereo.
text: Mace jams on the brakes and Lenny slides off in front of
text: the car. Now she starts to move forward...
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I need my case. It's still in the
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Get it.
text: He quickly moves around the car and climbs in the back
text: door. Lenny grabs his Haliburton but instead of getting
text: out, he leans through the divider window, next to Mace.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Listen, can we talk a little bit
dialog: here, like two rational adults?
text: Mace hits a button on the dash. The privacy divider rises
text: suddenly, pinning Lenny to the ceiling.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: That would be no.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: I've had it. No more wirehead shit
dialog: in my car. You understand? You
dialog: want to poach your lobes, do it
dialog: somewhere else.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Okay, you got my attention, but this
dialog: is cutting off the circulation to my
dialog: head, here. D'you mind?
text: She lowers the divider, releasing him. Lenny straightens
text: his jacket and tie. Runs a hand through his greasy hair.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I thought we were friends.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: No, see a friend is more than one
dialog: person constantly doing favors for
dialog: another. You just suck people along
dialog: with your schemes and your scams and
dialog: your slick act. Well I'm out. I
dialog: got a kid, I got rent, I got an ex-
dialog: husband someplace who doesn't send
dialog: me a dime of support... I'm just
dialog: trying to hold on here.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: So am I. Just trying to get by.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: No, you're just trying to get off.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Macey... I've never seen you like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Lenny, you're turning into some
dialog: kinda squid-head low-life. You're
dialog: always broke, you just go from one
dialog: score to the next. And you're
dialog: getting strung out... you don't even
dialog: see it. Getting high on your own
dialog: supply like some crack dealer.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I know you wouldn't be saying all
dialog: this if you didn't care about me.
dialog: Thanks, Mace. Really.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Look, I gotta get some sleep.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: You still like me, don't you? We're
dialog: still buddies?
text: She hates it that she can't resist his pathetic charm.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (a tiny smile)
dialog: Yeah. I don't see a way out of it.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Macey, I know you're tired, but can
dialog: you drop me at the Retinal Fetish?
dialog: It's on your way.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Jesus, Lenny.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Begging? Groveling? Any pathetic
dialog: behavior at all? Will that help?
dialog: Faith's there tonight, and I've got
dialog: to talk to her.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Sure, Lenny.
dialog: (she puts the car in
dialog: gear)
dialog: The only thing worse than a junkie
dialog: is someone in love.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RETINAL FETISH - NIGHT
text: As Mace pulls to a stop in the parking lot and Lenny opens
dialog: the door.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Come on, let me buy you a drink.
dialog: Let's drink and make up.
dialog: (Mace shakes her
dialog: head)
dialog: Alright, I'm going to see Faith.
dialog: That means you can watch me suffer.
dialog: I'll be in agony, you'll feel so
dialog: much better. Total and thorough
dialog: payback, whatdya say?
text: Mace smiles, shaking her head in wonder at this madman.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RETINAL FETISH
text: Mace accompanies Lenny into the pounding din of the
text: Retinal Fetish. The place is a fringe hangout, a
text: converted schmata factory transformed into a warren of
text: dark rooms and corridors off the main dance floor. A
text: thundering labyrinth. Steel cage-like partitions of
dialog: chain-link give the place a harsh, concentration-camp
text: atmosphere. The music is a bass tech-thump, and the
text: clientele are young and on the rough side. Cybergrunge.
text: There are many large video screens running a continuous
text: montage of wild graphics and images... a flurry of
dialog: disturbing videos: MTV baptized by William Burroughs.
text: The Fetish is a street-tech hangout, a meeting place for a
dialog: lot of digital-underground types that Lenny knows. You
dialog: can buy and sell what you want here: illicit hardware and
dialog: software, as well as chemicals for the wetware (brain).
text: Lenny and Mace are greeted inside by two suited guys with
text: metal detectors. They barely notice as they are scanned:
text: it's routine there days. Mace shows her gun, a Sig Saur
text: 9mm, and her state carry-permit. The security guys check
text: her pistol like a coat, giving her a claim check.
text: Through the crowd in the lounge Lenny's eyes go
text: immediately to one table. It seems to be in a pool of
dialog: light all it's own; or maybe this is just in Lenny's mind.
text: SLOW MOTION: Lenny watches a man at the table holding
text: court, with a beautiful young woman sitting next to him.
dialog: It is TRAN VO. He's a mover and shaker in the record
dialog: business: he produces, he manages, he tries to keep
text: everyone in his orbit.
dialog: The woman is FAITH JUSTIN. We recognize her from playback
text: as Lenny's ex-girlfriend. But now her hair has been dyed
text: jet black and frames her face in a wild tangle. She is
text: wearing as expensive custom leather jacket over a sheer
text: silk top. She has on too much make-up, which gives her
text: features a feral-doll quality. Faith looks like what she
text: is, a rock star wannabe. But the look is red-hot.
text: Tran looks around the room. His eyes miss nothing. And
text: show nothing. His hand -- unhurried, graceful, remarkable
text: -- brushes past Faith's cheek, barely touching her. His
text: fingers pick up a strand of hair, tuck it like a treasure
text: behind her ear... fingers touching her head now... a
dialog: moment of suspended time.
text: ... and she trembles. Just a little. For a second.
text: Tran and Faith are flanked on either side by an entourage
text: consisting of music types, various hangers on, and Tran's
dialog: personal security force of four: JOEY CORTO, a whippet-
text: thin skinhead; DUNCAN, a none-too-bright armbreaker in the
text: classic mold; a massively built ex-jock type called WADE
text: BEEMER; and a sixteen year old Asian stone fox, CINDY
dialog: MINH, aka 'VITA', possibly the most lethal of the four.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Who's the new side of beef in Tran's
dialog: posse?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Guy named Wade Beemer. Used to be a
dialog: running back for the Rams in '96 and
dialog: '97.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Rams... that's football, right?
text: He can't take his eyes off Faith. Mace scowls at the
text: tableau and pulls Lenny toward the bar.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Forget her.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: She still loves me.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: She thinks you're a bucket of dog
dialog: vomit. Trust me on this.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: She's my destiny.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Destiny? You living in a perfume
dialog: commercial? She's a hard-climber
dialog: that dropped you like a used tampon
dialog: when she got a better ride.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: You'll see.
text: Mace gives up, shakes her head and Lenny plunges into the
text: crowd... toward Faith. Several patrons greet him, just as
text: in the Coral Lounge, but uncharacteristically, Lenny
text: virtually ignores them.
text: Approaching the main table now. Ringside. Tran sees him;
text: no reaction. Now Faith sees him: her reaction's a little
text: tougher to read. Pissed off, maybe, or just tense.
dialog: Tran's security force has seen Lenny coming. But they
dialog: stay casual.
dialog: Lenny doesn't break stride. It's like a game of chicken
text: without cars. Beemer stands, covering Lenny with his
text: shadow. Vita looks up at Lenny with cobra eyes. Tran
text: gives him a glance; royalty amused by Lenny's presumption.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: You come to peddle me some tapes,
dialog: Lenny? For old time's sake? Make a
dialog: couple bucks for the holidays?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: You're not a client anymore, Tran.
dialog: I wouldn't sell you the sweat off a
text: dead dog's balls.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: (glancing at Faith,
dialog: back at Lenny)
dialog: I already got everything I need from
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Cut it out, Tran.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Too bad about your guy Jeriko.
dialog: Tough break.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: Show a little respect, Nero. The
dialog: man was an important artist.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Yeah, important for your label.
dialog: Which no doubt is why you're in
dialog: mourning. Don't worry, his
dialog: records'll sell out now he's dead.
dialog: You'll make out.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: I always do.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Faith, can I talk to you a second?
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: I don't think that's a good idea,
dialog: Lenny.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I just got to talk to you for one
dialog: second.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: That would be between me and Faith,
dialog: wouldn't it?
text: Tran takes one of his beautiful hands and passes it slowly
text: in the general area between his table and Lenny.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: I don't feel anything between you.
dialog: See, your trouble is you assume too
dialog: much, Lenny. You assume there's
dialog: something where there's nothing.
dialog: You assume you have a life. But
dialog: you're only hustling pieces of other
text: lives on tape, and broken parts of
dialog: your own.
text: Faith glances at Tran, then cuts her eyes to Lenny.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: (icy)
dialog: We have nothing to talk about,
dialog: Lenny.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: Joey, make sure Mr. Nero gets safely
dialog: to his car.
text: Joey smirks, glances at Beemer who rises like a wall.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Faith, call me, okay?
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: No, Lenny.
text: Wade gets Lenny in a wrist-grip come along hold and starts
text: him moving. She looks at him -- slowly, gaze unwavering.
text: As Beemer ushers Lenny through the crowd, Tick greets him
dialog: coming the other way.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Tick, listen, I can't stop right
dialog: now. but I'll call you tomorrow
dialog: about that thing we were talking
dialog: about.
text: He's working the room even as he's getting dragged
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: Lenny the loser. Panhandler of
dialog: stolen dreams.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Leave him alone, Tran.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: He's no concern of mine, as long as
dialog: you don't talk to him. Don't talk
dialog: to anybody. You understand? Not
dialog: with everything that's going on
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: You're too goddamned paranoid.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: Paranoia's only reality on a finer
dialog: scale.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RETINAL FETISH
text: Beemer deposits Lenny on the curb and goes back inside.
text: A SMALL CROWD of people enters the club. Lenny brushes
text: off his jacket, falls into step at the rear of the
dialog: entering crowd.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RETINAL FETISH
text: Lenny climbs to a landing overlooking the dance floor.
text: Through chain link he sees a swirl of activity below. And
text: one face, looking up at him. Kind of casual. Lenny
dialog: clocks the guy: cop instincts coming out. Decides he
dialog: doesn't know him. But we do. It's Spreg. Lenny walks
text: on, crosses to a door, and enters...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VJ BOOTH/RETINAL FETISH
text: A tiny room overlooking the dance floor. Crammed with
text: electronic gear, at the center of which is Tex Arcana,
text: whipping from one deck to another, hands flying. He's in
text: a wheelchair, which pivots nimbly, managing to high-five
text: Lenny as he walks in.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: So, those rascals still haven't
dialog: grown back yet, huh?
speaker_heading: TEX
dialog: (peering under the
dialog: blanket on his lap)
dialog: Nope. Guess not. Any day now,
dialog: though.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (handing Tex a Squid)
dialog: Present. Something I had made. Let
dialog: me know what you think.
speaker_heading: TEX
dialog: Hey, alright. Got something here
dialog: for you, too.
dialog: (passes him an
dialog: envelope)
dialog: It just showed up tonight, don't
dialog: know who left it.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Fan mail from some flounder?
text: Lenny looks at the envelope, which has "Nero" hand-printed
text: in block letters. Tex takes a pull from a flask as he
text: takes a squid-deck out of a drawer and sticks the tape in.
text: He puts on the headset and pushes PLAY.
text: IN POV we are on a beach. Early morning. We are running
text: flat out, with the wind. Looking down... we are barefoot
text: on the wet sand. Foaming water races up the sand and
text: breaks around our strong male legs. Looking up again, to
dialog: see our running companion... a beautiful lithe woman in
text: shorts and T-shirt. She laughs and we speed up. An
dialog: exquisite moment of pure life force.
text: TIGHT ON TEX'S FACE... as a tear leaks from the corner of
text: his eye. He is smiling like he is listening to beautiful
text: music. We see the quiet magnificence of Lenny's gift.
text: Tex opens his eyes. Looks for Lenny to say thanks: but
dialog: Lenny's gone. Not a guy to hang around for thanks-yous.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RETINAL FETISH
text: As Lenny comes down the stairs from the VJ booth, tearing
text: open the envelope. An unmarked Squid tape falls into his
dialog: hand.
text: The HOUSE LIGHTS dim and the STAGE LIGHTS come up. And
text: Faith is standing there. Like she beamed in. She is
text: wearing a revealing leather outfit, showing a lot of her
text: milk-white skin. Her black hair frames her eyes, giving
text: her an intense feral look. Faith starts to sing.
text: Beautiful, unearthly, clear notes.
text: SUDDENLY the band kicks down with a wall of thundering
text: sound. Faith explodes into motion. Her body convulses
text: like a 440 volt mainline is hooked up to her. Her voice
text: becomes a scream, an inchoate wail, a police siren. The
text: pain and rage of an entire, hell-bent tormented planet on
dialog: its eve of judgment.
text: Lost in the song, Faith has found herself. She wheels
text: across the stage, slashing her head up and down so that
text: her hair bursts in the strobe-flashes like flak.
dialog: A techno-erotic pagan. A force of nature.
text: Lenny is mesmerized. He has seen this before, many times.
dialog: But it always has the same effect on him. He is
text: transported into another world by her, a world in which
text: there is only the two of them.
text: TIGHT ON MACE, eyes on the stage... a big piece of the
text: puzzle suddenly fits. She's never seen Faith perform
dialog: before. Holy shit.
dialog: Faith doesn't play to the audience, or engage them in any
text: way. She is merely taking what's in her head and letting
dialog: it out. She doesn't care if they are there or not. Now
text: shrieking into the silence after a climatic downbeat, and
dialog: holding the note... holding it longer than you believe she
dialog: possibly could. Then nothing.
text: When it is over she just drops the microphone and walk
dialog: away. Fuck you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RETINAL FETISH/BACKSTAGE &amp; DRESSING ROOM
text: At BACKSTAGE, Lenny wends his way through the warren of
text: corridors... past dim rooms full of wire junkies and
dialog: playback freaks, all trapped into Squid nirvana: post-
text: modern opium dens. Sinister and scary. He glimpses
text: Faith, going into her dressing room. He hurries...
text: ... but she doesn't even look around when his reflection
text: appears in the cracked mirror above the crummy vanity
text: table. She is drenched with sweat. Spent. Chugging a
dialog: beer. This is the first time they have been alone
dialog: together in real-time for months. Pain and the memory of
dialog: joy.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Hi, baby. I've missed you.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: I know. Lenny, if Tran finds you
dialog: talking to me he'll hurt you.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I'm already hurting.
text: She doesn't turn. Just watches him in the mirror. Most
text: of the scene plays this way. It is a cold parody of their
dialog: love-making playbacks.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: You have to go. I mean it.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Yeah, OK, whatever you say. Just
dialog: answer one question. Is anything
dialog: wrong? Iris said you might be in
dialog: trouble.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: (startled, turning
dialog: to him)
dialog: You talked to Iris? When?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Tonight.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Well I haven't seen her in months.
dialog: Who knows what's going on in her
dialog: head. You're really running out of
dialog: excuses to come around, aren't you?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I know you Faith. You're afraid of
dialog: something. What's going on?
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Let it alone, Lenny. It'll take
dialog: care of itself.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: It's Tran, isn't it? This guy is
dialog: poison, Faith. Listen to me. He's
dialog: got you walled in on all sides. And
dialog: he uses the wire too much, he gets
dialog: off on tape, not on you.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: That's a good one, coming from you.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Why don't you just split? You don't
dialog: love him, anybody can see that. And
dialog: to him you're just some kinda
dialog: possession, like a Ferrari,
dialog: something to show the other guys.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: He has his uses too.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: What? He gonna record you on his
dialog: label?
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Come on, Faith! He's just toying
dialog: with you. And when he gets bored,
dialog: you'll be yesterday's papers.
text: Lenny is right behind her now. He puts his hands on her
text: shoulders, tenderly.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Look, baby, I've watched you create
dialog: yourself out of nothing. You're
dialog: like a goddamn cruise missile,
dialog: targeted on making it. And you
dialog: will.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Damn right.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: It's you up on that stage, not him.
dialog: You don't need him.
text: She shrugs away from his touch. Cold again.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: You have to get out of here. If
dialog: Tran catches you he'll... he's
dialog: acting crazy. He's doing way too
dialog: much playback and he's getting
dialog: completely paranoid. He's such a
dialog: control freak, he's even paying Max
dialog: to follow me around.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Max Pelcher? You're kidding?
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Yeah, for about a month now. Lenny,
dialog: just stay away from Tran, okay? And
dialog: stay away from me. Stop trying to
dialog: rescue me. Those days are over.
dialog: I'm a big girl now. Stop trying to
dialog: save me, okay, because I don't need
dialog: saving... Just... give up on me.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Can't do it.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: You know one of the ways movies
dialog: still have Squid beat? Because they
dialog: always say "The End." You always
dialog: know when it's over. It's over!
dialog: Now please leave. I have to go on
text: again in a couple of minutes.
text: She looks at him and, after a moment, he nods and leaves.
text: As the door closes behind him, Faith tosses her towel on
text: the table. She looks frightened and alone.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Hell.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RETINAL FETISH/CORRIDOR AND MAIN FLOOR
text: Turning a corner from the dressing room into the CORRIDOR,
text: Lenny runs into Max.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Shoulda told me about your new gig,
dialog: buddy.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I was gonna tell ya. Hey, it's just
dialog: a job. I feel like shit about it.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: You should feel like shit.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I figured, what the hell, I could
dialog: take the prick's money and make sure
dialog: Faith was OK at the same time. Do
dialog: us both good. Right?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Fairly twisted logic, Max, even for
dialog: you.
dialog: (already over it)
dialog: Hey, at least you got a job!
dialog: (slaps him on the
dialog: back)
dialog: Watch her for me. Stay on her.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm on her.
text: Lenny climbs the stairs to the MAIN FLOOR, pushing his way
dialog: through the crowd.
text: Vita, watching the backstage area leans over to Tran,
text: whispers in his ear. Tran makes a sign to Beemer, and he
dialog: stands to go after Lenny.
text: Mace, at the bar, sees the Tran-Vita-Beemer action, looks
dialog: around for Lenny. Can't find him. But figures there's
dialog: got to be only one reason Beemer's on the prowl: he's
text: looking for Lenny. She whips out her cellular.
text: CUT TO: Beemer, grabbing Lenny in a painful come-along
text: hold and hustling him toward the back of the club.
dialog: Lenny's cellular rings.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Can I get that?
text: He reaches for his cellular, connects with...
text: MACE, over by the bar.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Hey Lenny, where the hell are you, I
dialog: think Tran's got Beemer looking for
dialog: you.
text: BACK TO: Lenny, as he's hustled out the rear door.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Thanks for the tip.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY/RETINAL FETISH - NIGHT
text: Beemer shoves Lenny into the alley and shuts the door
dialog: behind him.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I recognize you. You're Wade
dialog: Beemer. Running back for the Rams,
dialog: am I right?
text: Beemer, who was about to go to work on Lenny, pauses.
speaker_heading: BEEMER
dialog: Yeah, that's right.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I saw you play, man. You were good.
dialog: Like a fucking freight train I
dialog: remember saying. So what happened,
dialog: injuries or what?
speaker_heading: BEEMER
dialog: Bullshit politics.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: It's always politics. Like this
dialog: thing we're in here, he's paying you
dialog: to tune me up, right? But I could
dialog: pay you more not to. See what I
dialog: mean? I could write you a check
dialog: right now--
speaker_heading: BEEMER
dialog: Come on, let's go, I got to get
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (pulling money out
dialog: of his pocket)
dialog: Okay cash! Logical. Here's
dialog: everything I have on me, what do you
dialog: say? How about a Rolex?
speaker_heading: BEEMER
dialog: (barely a glance at
dialog: it)
dialog: I already got a real one. Come on,
dialog: it won't be too bad. It's not
dialog: personal.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (taking off the
dialog: Armani carefully)
dialog: Just not the eyes.
dialog: Beemer swings.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT/RETINAL FETISH - NIGHT
text: As Lenny approaches the car, moving painfully, dabbing at
text: a bloody nose. Mace looks at him pityingly.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: They oughta get some lights back
dialog: there. A person could get killed
dialog: slipping on those stairs. Let's go.
text: CUT TO: an eerie NIGHT VISION SHOT of Mace and Lenny
text: getting into the limo. Then we see: Spreg and Engelman,
text: the two street Hun cops. Watching.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MACE'S LIMO
text: Lenny slumps in the back seat.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: You're some piece of work, you know
dialog: that. Just calmly backstroking
text: around in the big toilet bowl, and
dialog: somehow you never let it touch you.
dialog: I mean, between Vice and this so-
dialog: called occupation you're in now, you
dialog: must've seen it all.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I have crawled through the gutter...
dialog: through every wrinkle in the human
dialog: brain.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: What I'm saying. But you still come
dialog: out this goofball romantic.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: It is my sword and my shield, Macey.
text: Lenny finds the anonymous tape in his pocket. He looks a
text: it, puzzled.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: What's that? Present from Faith?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: No idea.
text: He opens his briefcase, pops the tape into the deck, puts
text: the Squid rig on and closes his eyes. Maybe he can forget
text: about Faith a minute. He punches PLAY.
dialog: POV SEQUENCE: the first thing we notice is that the POV is
text: distorted visually. The colors are de-saturated. Almost
text: black and white. Yet the detail is crisp and clear,
dialog: almost hyper-real.
text: WE ARE WALKING down a windowless hallway at a large hotel.
text: An apparently endless row of doors. The Wearer's glance
text: goes to the numbers on the doors from time to time.
dialog: We come to a particular door. There is a DO NOT DISTURB
text: sign on the door. The Wearer moves to the room next door.
text: Looks both ways. The corridor is empty.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: It's a test pattern so far.
text: "Our" hands appear, quickly pulling on latex surgical
text: gloves. They look like male hands. The snapping of the
text: rubber is the only sound in the corridor. The POV hunches
text: down to the lock and we see the hands go to work with
text: lock-picking tools. Several seconds and the lock is very
dialog: professionally picked.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Alright, a little B&amp;E action.
text: We enter the dark room, which is vacant. The drapes are
text: open and we see city lights. It is night. One gloved
text: hand picks up the guest directory and looks at it in the
text: moonlight coming in the window: the SUNSET SHERATON.
text: The Wearer drops the directory and the hands reappear
text: holding... a black ski-mask. He pulls it on, leaving the
text: subsequent POV seen through the eye-holes of the mask.
text: The Wearer now looks into a mirror on the dresser. He has
text: avoided his reflection up until now. We see a man,
text: dressed in a jogging suit and black fanny-pack, and of
dialog: course the ski-mask. Totally anonymous.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Hey, getting good. Solid suspense
dialog: build.
text: The Wearer crosses to the balcony door. Opens it quietly
text: and goes outside, moving to the wall dividing this room's
text: balcony from the one next door.
text: The Wearer climbs the railing and, six stories above the
text: pavement, slips around the wall, stepping down onto the
text: other balcony. We hug the wall, looking furtively into
text: the room. It is a suite. In the living room we see a
text: woman making herself a drink at the mini-bar. She
dialog: turns...
text: It is Iris. She is wearing a T-shirt and panties.
text: Probably ready for bed. She looks like she can't sleep.
text: Pours the Scotch shakily.
text: CUT TO LENNY, the streetlight washing across his face. He
text: gets suddenly serious with a flash of premonitory dread.
text: IN POV we see Iris go into the bedroom, out of sight. We
text: can hear the television on in there. Using a steel jimmy
text: the Wearer slips the latch on the balcony slider and
text: silently opens it, slipping inside.
text: We stalk quietly to the bedroom door, listening to her
text: movements. Water running in the bathroom. We come around
text: the door frame. Bedroom dark, bathed in TV glow. Iris in
text: the bathroom, washing her face with cold water.
text: We move toward her. Crossing the room as she reaches for
text: a towel. We are now only a couple of feet away. She
text: comes out of the bathroom, walking right past us, drying
text: her face. She lowers the towel, turning away... her eyes
text: whip back. Widening in terror.
text: She reacts with surprising speed, diving across the bed.
dialog: We go after her.
text: Her hand goes under the pillow and comes out with a small
text: automatic. She whips it around toward us but we grab it
text: and twist it away before she can fire. She smashes the
text: palm of her hand into our face and rolls off the bed,
dialog: lightning-fast.
text: We follow her as she scrambles up, running through the
text: bedroom door. Across the living room and down the short
text: hall to the front door. Closing rapidly on her as she
text: somehow gets the chain off the door and gets out into the
dialog: hall.
text: Slam! We tackle her against the far wall of the corridor.
text: Our right hand comes into view holding a small electric
dialog: stunner. ZAP! We nail her right in the back between the
dialog: shoulder blades.
text: She sags to the floor, gasping. We zap her again. The
text: Wearer's glance does a 180 both ways down the corridor...
text: nobody in sight. We clamp our hand over Iris' mouth and
text: drag her back into her room, locking the door.
text: ON LENNY, reacting. Going white.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Go to the Sunset Sheraton. RIGHT
dialog: NOW! Just go! GO!
text: Lenny goes back under the wire, seeing...
text: WE ARE DRAGGING a semiconscious Iris into the bathroom...
text: propping her up with her back against the white tile
text: wall... grabbing her hands and handcuffing them one by one
text: to the steel towel rack above her. She is moaning. And
dialog: crying.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (voice distorted)
dialog: I haven't seen your face... I
dialog: haven't heard your voice... you can
dialog: still let me go...
text: ZAP! The Wearer hits her with the stunner again. She
text: jerks and gasps for breath. We see our latex-gloved
text: finger come up in front of us and hear SSSHHH.
text: Moving quickly now. Our hands unbuckle the fanny pack.
text: Pull out something... a set of playback trodes. Our hands
text: place them on her head. She stares uncomprehending.
dialog: What? We catch a glimpse of some electronics stuff inside
text: the pack... a record deck, some wires, a small metal box.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Holy shit. He's jacking her in to
dialog: his own output. She's seeing what
text: he's seeing. She's seeing herself.
text: Iris can now see herself as the Wearer sees her... wide-
text: eyed with terror, white-lipped, weeping. Helpless. And
dialog: she can feel what he feels.
text: The Wearer's hand goes back into the fanny-pack and pulls
text: out something else. A black athletic headband. We slip
text: it over her head, down over her eyes. A blindfold. Now
text: she can only see what the wearer sees.
text: And also from the bag we pull... a yellow plastic object.
dialog: With our thumb we extend the five inch blade of the razor
dialog: knife, the type with tips that can be broken off by
text: segments when they get dull. It extends with an ominous
dialog: clicking sound.
text: We lower it toward her and cut up the middle of her T-
text: shirt, laying it open. Exposing her torso. We then look
text: down and slide the knife under the side band of her
text: panties, slicing them off. We put the knife up to her
text: throat, and she whimpers, afraid to cry out, and then we
text: draw the flat side of the blade across her body as if to
text: tease her with the prospect of her death.
text: MACE LOOKS AT LENNY'S EXPRESSION of dawning horror and
text: pulls the car to the curb about a half-block from the
text: Sunset Sheraton. Lenny is hyperventilating, shifting in
text: his seat as if ants are crawling over him. He is
text: experiencing the stalker's exhilaration.
text: IN POV we see the Wearer pull his jogging pants down below
text: his knees (R-rated please) and reach for Iris. Kneeling
text: in front of her, he pushes her legs apart and pulls her
text: hips forward onto him, pushing into her.
text: Iris is feeling and seeing what he sees and feels... She
text: feels her own pain and humiliation swirling with the
dialog: killer's exhilaration.
text: ON LENNY, sweating and barely able to breath. Mace stops
text: the tape... concerned by Lenny's reaction. He opens his
dialog: eyes... Mace see the fear there, of what the tape may
text: reveal. But he shakes his head. He has to know. He
text: pushes her hand away and punches PLAY.
text: IT FLOODS INTO HIS HEAD AGAIN. The sweaty, grunting
text: horror. The stalker picks up her slit T-shirt and quickly
text: wraps it around her neck. He knots it tight and twists
text: one powerful hand into the knot. The muscles in his
text: forearm look like cables as he turns the knot tighter.
text: The stalker viciously twists the knot a full turn and the
text: T-shirt fabric almost disappears into the skin under her
dialog: jaw.
text: Via her trodes, Iris watches herself die. Her death comes
text: at the moment of his orgasm which is fed to her...
dialog: blasting off the planet on total overload... terror, pain,
text: death merging with ecstasy and exultation at the same
dialog: instant.
text: ON LENNY, crying out and grabbing for the trodes, but he
text: just holds onto them, as if they are sucking his brains
text: out of his skull.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (like a mantra)
dialog: On my God. Oh my God.
text: BACK TO POV, a glimpse of the Wearer's hand relaxing the
text: knot. Iris' head lolls. Her mouth is slack and open. We
text: remove her blindfold. Her eyes are half-lidded. Very
text: dead looking. Our fingers gently push them wide open.
text: BACK TO LENNY, looking like he has been gut kicked. He
dialog: gasps for breath.
text: TO POV, as the killer's hand calmly moves Iris' head from
text: side to side... studying her dead face. Her staring eyes.
text: He leans very close to her and stares into one dead eye,
text: the pupil wide, seeing nothing.
text: A burst of static. End of tape.
text: Lenny opens his eyes. He fumbles open the car door and
text: practically rolls out onto the sidewalk. The trodes pull
text: off his head as he lurches up, reeling across the sidewalk
text: to a darkened storefront where he leans for support. He
text: doubles over and heaves up the contents of his stomach.
text: Mace circles around the car and catches him as he sags to
text: his knees. She holds his shoulders while he throws up
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: My God, Lenny. What is it?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Black. Jack.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Blackjack? I don't understand--
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Snuff clip. It was Iris. She said
dialog: she needed my help and I... aw
dialog: Jesus, Mace... the sick fucker
dialog: killed her.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Are you sure it's real?
text: Lenny looks up, in the direction of the hotel. Mace
text: follows his glance. They notice for the first time: cop
text: lights; cop cars; ambulance; coroner's wagon.
text: CLOSE on Iris' body, in a bag, being loaded into the
text: coroner's van.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT/DIM SUM JOINT/LITTLE TOKYO - NIGHT
text: Neon reflections on the roof of Mace's limo as it pulls
text: into the lot and slides up to Max's car. Max is sitting
text: in the open door, feet on the pavement, eating dumplings
text: from a take-out carton. He looks up as Lenny and Mace get
text: out of the limo. Sees their expressions.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Ohhhh shit.
text: TIME CUT: Lenny, sitting on the hood of Mace's Lincoln,
text: has his head propped in his hands. His eyes are
text: distant... replaying. Still shocked to his soul. Mace
text: paces nearby.
text: Max sits in the open door of his car ten feet away, trodes
text: on, playing back the tape. His face is transformed into
text: an ashen mask lit by neon... mouth open in shock. With
text: shaky hands he stops the deck.
text: Opens his eyes. Long beat. He glances down at the dim-
text: sum carton in his hands.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Well... I've lost my appetite.
dialog: (lofts it into a
dialog: nearby dumpster)
dialog: For about a year.
text: He gets to his feet, offering the deck and trodes to Mace.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: No way.
text: Max pulls a hip-flask full of tequila from his army jacket
text: and takes an eye-watering pull. Offers it to Lenny, who
dialog: follows suit.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You alright? Y'okay?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Yeah. No, not really.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Let's work it.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Not now... I don't want to think
dialog: about it--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Come on, Lenny. You used to be good
dialog: at this stuff. Play it down.
dialog: What's the perp doing?
speaker_heading: LENNY
text: He stalks her. He rapes her. Then
dialog: he does her...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: And he records it. Thrill kill.
dialog: Wants to see it again. And again.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: He records himself raping and
dialog: killing her--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: But at the same time he's sending
dialog: the signal to her--
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: So she feels... what he feels...
text: while he's in her. The thrill while
text: he's killing her... is sent to her,
dialog: heightening her fear... which in
text: turn heightens the turn on for him.
dialog: (turns to him)
dialog: I've seen a lot, Max.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: So've I. Too much.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: But this is a bad one.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Top ten.
speaker_heading: LENNY
text: He makes her see her own death,
dialog: feeds off the reaction... killer and
dialog: victim merging... orgasm and agony
dialog: merging. And he records it all.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: And gives it to you.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Wants to share.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: That's right. He wants to share.
dialog: Needs an audience. This is one sick
dialog: puppy.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Why me?
text: Mace is hugging herself. Edgy and tense.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Cause you're the man, right? The
dialog: Magic Man. If it's got something to
dialog: do with the wire, sooner or later it
dialog: washes up on your beach.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I've never dealt in black-jacks.
dialog: Never. Everybody knows that.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: He's skull-fucking you, bud. Trying
dialog: to get a reaction. Maybe pushing
dialog: you to do something.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Maybe he just figures Lenny will
dialog: appreciate what he's created. It's
text: the dark end of the street, Lenny.
dialog: How do you like it now?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Jesus, Mace. Back off.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: This guy is someone you know, one of
dialog: your squid-head contacts.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Problem is, Lenny knows everybody.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Take the tape to the cops.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Uh unh. No way! They'd crucify me.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: So some psycho wire-freak gets to
dialog: keep running around--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Naw, he's right. They'll figure
dialog: Lenny's the perp, or go through his
dialog: client list, ruin his life... such
dialog: as it is. Look, I'll call the guys
dialog: in Homicide... tell them she was a
dialog: friend of mine and they'll keep me
dialog: in the loop. Get me the forensics
dialog: and all that.
dialog: (he opens his car
dialog: door)
dialog: Get some sleep. I'll call you when
dialog: I get something.
dialog: (he starts his car)
dialog: And Lenny... I'd keep moving if I
dialog: were you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR AND TRAN'S LOFT
text: The elevator is huge -- big enough for a truck -- and
text: Lenny seems small in the huge space, while shadows crawl
text: across his body as the old machinery pulls him up
dialog: toward...
text: FAITH, in the loft above. She looks into the vast
dialog: bedroom...
text: ... at Tran sitting in a chair, tranced out under playback
text: trodes, his eyes closed. She softly closes the sliding
text: door and walks across the cavernous main room. The place
text: is lit by the flickering reflections from a series of huge
text: television screens along both walls. Otherwise there is
text: little light. The cavernous loft is sparsely but very
dialog: expensively furnished. Haute-tech design. Total contrast
text: to Lenny's ratty digs.
text: LENNY'S POV through the cage-door of the elevator as it
text: reaches the loft and Faith is revealed, waiting for him in
text: the shadows. He slides open the cage-door and she moves
dialog: quickly to him.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: (whispering, furtive)
dialog: You're crazier than I thought,
dialog: Lenny. Coming here... Tran's just
dialog: in there.
speaker_heading: LENNY
text: Iris is dead. She was murdered.
text: Faith stiffens. We see the fear, now, exposed.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Who did it?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Don't know. But this guy's real
dialog: damaged goods. Iris knew someone
dialog: was after her... and she said you
dialog: were in danger too.
dialog: (he grabs her
dialog: shoulders)
dialog: Now no more games, Faith. Whatever
dialog: you're hiding, whatever's going on,
dialog: you have to get out of here now.
dialog: Come with me right now. Don't even
dialog: think about it.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Then what? Then what, Lenny?! You
dialog: going to protect me? Big tough guy.
dialog: You're a talker, Lenny. You don't
dialog: even have a gun.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: I have a gun. It's under my bed.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: You don't know what you're fucking
dialog: with here.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Tell me.
text: A VOICE from the shadows, like the whisper of a blade in
dialog: the air.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: Go ahead, Faith. Tell him.
text: Tran steps forward, totally at ease with the situation.
text: Out of the shadows behind him step Joey Corto, Duncan and
dialog: Vita Minh.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Look, Tran... Lenny just came by to
dialog: give me some bad news. An old
dialog: friend of mine has been murdered.
dialog: You remember Iris?
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: A tragic story, no doubt.
dialog: (to Lenny)
dialog: How'd you get up here?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Charm.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: (looks at Faith)
dialog: Uh huh. Look, Nero. I'll make you
dialog: an offer.
dialog: (he grabs Faith by
dialog: the arm, steps
dialog: closer)
dialog: Take her. Right now. If she wants
dialog: to go, if she's unhappy here, she
dialog: can go. I'll let her choose. Faith
dialog: always knows what she wants.
dialog: (he turns her loose)
dialog: Hands off. See?
text: Lenny glances at the open elevator right behind him. So
dialog: close. She just has to take one step to him... and they
dialog: will be out of there. Together.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: It's alright. He means it.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: (to Faith)
dialog: I do mean it.
dialog: (to Lenny)
dialog: And I mean this... if Faith stays
dialog: you go away and never come back.
dialog: You scuttle back into your cockroach
dialog: hole and never cross my vision
dialog: again. You understand?
text: She glares at them both for a long moment. Emotions play
text: across her face, complex and unreadable. She steps back,
text: taking her place at Tran's side.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: I made my choice, Lenny.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: (to Lenny, nodding
dialog: toward the elevator)
dialog: You're going down.
text: Joey Corto and Duncan shove Lenny roughly backward into
text: the elevator. Corto slams the gate shut and slaps a
text: button to lower the lift. The last thing Lenny sees as he
text: descends is Faith's face, above him.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: I don't love you, Lenny. Give up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM AREA/TRAN'S LOFT
text: Faith is crying as Tran comes up behind her.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: You said you were going to get her
dialog: out of this.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: Maybe now you appreciate the danger
dialog: we're in.
dialog: (he moves very close)
dialog: It was touching the way you stood by
dialog: me in there. "Stand by your man".
dialog: I was moved. You were very good. I
dialog: don't think he even understands that
dialog: you did it for him.
speaker_heading: FAITH
text: He doesn't know what's going on.
dialog: Leave him alone.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: I'd love to. But he keeps showing
dialog: up. And you keep talking to him. I
dialog: can't have that--
text: And he slaps her. Really hard. Decks her. He's
text: trembling with rage... and something else. Fear.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: The only time a whore should open
text: her mouth is when she's giving head.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: (walking away)
dialog: Maybe later.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR/TRAN'S LOFT
text: The huge elevator, with Lenny its sole occupant, descends
text: through the shadows toward the first floor. Lenny watches
text: the shadow patterns on the wall through the iron grillwork
text: door. He's still thinking about Faith...
text: ... even when the elevator reaches the first floor and
text: Mace comes into view. She's waiting for him. He steps
dialog: forward. But he can't open the grillwork door. And the
text: elevator doesn't stop. It keeps going down. Lenny,
text: spooked, works the door hard... as Mace disappears from
text: view above him...
text: ... and the elevator bumps to a stop in the basement.
text: With Vita and the beef squad waiting for Lenny, stoney-
dialog: faced. Last stop. All out.
text: Lenny tries to keep the door shut, but Duncan wrenches it
text: open. Vita grabs Lenny and twists his arm painfully
text: behind him in one fluid move. They hustle him toward a
text: dank basement room near the elevator.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (speed-rap)
dialog: Listen, can we be smart here? I
dialog: could make it really worth your
dialog: while... I could cut you a check for
dialog: 500 each... hell, make it an even
dialog: grand... I'm not saying you don't
dialog: land a couple shots, just go light
dialog: is all I'm saying... here, take my
dialog: Rolex.
speaker_heading: CORTO
dialog: Lemme see.
text: A glimmer of hope in Lenny's eye as he whips it off his
text: wrist. Corto doesn't even look at it. Gets it over his
text: hand about mid-way, then -- using the watch like a pair of
text: brass knuckles -- clobbers Lenny in the face. Watch parts
text: go flying as Corto steps away and Duncan slams Lenny up
dialog: against a column.
text: Vita weighs in... gut-punching Lenny savagely. She works
text: him expertly, with a series of painful jabs.
dialog: He sags to his knees. Not only is this painful. It's
dialog: goddamn humiliating. And Duncan and Corto enjoy every
dialog: second of it.
speaker_heading: CORTO
dialog: We tried to find a smaller girl, to
dialog: beat the shit out of you, Lenny...
dialog: but it was short notice.
text: Vita grabs Lenny by his hair and pulls him up with one
text: rock-hard arm. She is cocking back the other arm for a
dialog: pile-driver punch when...
text: Suddenly a dark shape materializes behind her. Mace
text: drives Vita head first into the steel column.
text: Duncan lunges in and grabs for Mace. This is a mistake.
dialog: Mace doesn't fight fancy. And she doesn't fight fair.
text: She fights to win. And she is awesomely fast. Her moves
text: are street moves, coupled with arm-locks and come-alongs
dialog: she has been trained to use as a security driver.
text: Lenny recovers enough to size up Vita, who is still a
text: little stunned. She has blood dripping in her eyes and
dialog: can't see too well.
dialog: But she charges him. And -- being the gent that he is --
text: he busts her over the head with a dusty old folding chair.
dialog: Mace drops Duncan about the time Vita is hitting the
dialog: ground, leaving...
text: CORTO, who fumbles out a Beretta 9mm and sticks it in
text: Mace's face. He sniggers, loving the upper hand.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Safety's on.
text: And like a jerk, he looks.
text: She snaps sideways in a headfake and closes blindingly
text: fast, twisting the gun out of his hand. She continues to
text: twist his wrist brutally and Corto goes down to one knee,
text: groaning. She takes his Beretta and backhands the barrel
text: hard across his face. Mace releases his wrist and he
text: crumples in a heap.
text: She and Lenny back out the door. Then Lenny runs back in
text: and kicks Corto in the ribs.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Lenny!
text: Mace grabs him and pulls him out of the room, then slams
text: the metal firedoor behind them, locking it with a piece of
text: junk wedged behind the release bar.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Mace and Lenny hotfoot it toward the parked limo. Mace is
text: disassembling the Beretta without looking at it. She
text: chucks pieces over a chain-link fence as they go. Lenny
text: brushes himself off, checking his jacket for damage. He
text: is high from winning the fight.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Is this great fabric or what?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: You ever wonder why you get beat up
dialog: a lot?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Never really thought about it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LENNY'S APARTMENT
text: Squid POV: the killer enters the vacant hotel room,
text: passing the mirror on the dresser.
speaker_heading: LENNY (V.O.)
dialog: Come on... look in the mirror. You
dialog: know it's there, you're keeping your
dialog: eyes off it, you bastard... SHIT!
dialog: Who are you?
text: CUT TO: Lenny, yanking the wire off his head, Mace near
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: He knows what he's doing. He's worn
dialog: before... a lot.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: So that gives you something.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: It gives me... I don't know... maybe
dialog: two hundred people who I know wear.
text: As he talks Lenny fiddles with some custom electronics
text: gear. The back is off the deck, and he has a ribbon wire
dialog: connecting it to some kind of amplifier black-box which he
dialog: is using to boost the gain.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Don't crank the gain any more.
dialog: You're gonna fry yourself.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I need to see more... get more
dialog: detail. Something. I feel his
dialog: presence, so strong...
text: Mace watches, concerned, as Lenny puts the trodes back on
dialog: and hits playback.
text: Squid POVs: strobe-like images of Iris' rape and death,
text: separated by burst of static...
text: ... as Lenny keeps hitting the forward and rewind buttons,
text: searching the tape for clues, reacting to the feelings on
text: the tape, trying to manage his revulsion...
text: ... until Mace yanks the trodes off and Lenny sags back on
text: the couch. He rubs his eyes. He is seeing ghosts,
text: afterimages burned into his visual cortex. The room is
text: alive with them, shimmering.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: No more, Lenny.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Yeah. I'm ghosting pretty bad.
text: Lenny see Iris' terrified face. Literally. It floats
text: iridescent on his living room wall, fading slowly.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: She came to me for help. I should
dialog: have read it better... I just
dialog: figured, y'know... another strung-
dialog: out hooker having a bad night.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: It's not your fault.
text: Lenny gets up, staggering to the kitchen. She goes with
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Sex killers act alone. So there's
dialog: no information on the street, which
dialog: is how cases get made. Cops know
dialog: they'll never nail this guy the
text: second they look at the scene.
text: Lenny sucks down four Tylenol with a long pull from a
dialog: bottle of vodka.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: And anyway, nobody gives a shit
dialog: about a dead hooker. They're
dialog: roadkill.
text: Requiem for Iris. Mace watches Lenny rubbing his eyes,
dialog: waiting for the Tylenols to hit.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: See, it's all about what they see
text: walking in. A dead hooker,
dialog: handcuffs, penetration... they'll
dialog: see a trick gone wrong. Random
dialog: kill. The kind you never solve.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: But that doesn't add, does it.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: No it doesn't.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Because Iris knew somebody was after
dialog: her.
text: Lenny, wound up like a Swiss movement, starts pacing.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: She said "If they get me". They.
dialog: Which means the whole sex-killer
dialog: thing is a cover, which means
dialog: somebody whacked her for a reason.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: So the guy's not a sicko.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: If he could do what's on that tape,
dialog: he's a sicko.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Okay, so he's a freak who thinks
text: he's sane pretending to be a freak.
dialog: The point is, he was a hitter.
dialog: Somebody wanted to shut her up. But
dialog: why not just put a little lead in
dialog: her ear?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Because it had to look random. Not
dialog: connected to anything or anyone.
dialog: (he seems to run out
dialog: of energy)
dialog: But then why give the rape to me?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: That's where it gets a little
dialog: strange.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: And what about the guy that was
dialog: following me?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Now you're really getting paranoid.
text: Lenny collapses on the couch, rubbing his temples.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: The question is not whether I am
dialog: paranoid, but whether I am paranoid
dialog: enough. You want to rub my neck?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Sure.
text: Mace sits next to him and starts to work. Strong, knowing
text: fingers. Lenny starts to relax a little.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: How's Zander?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: OK. He asks about you all the time.
dialog: It's been weeks since you've seen
dialog: him.
text: Lenny sort of keels over. His head slumps in her lap.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: I'm sorry about getting on your case
dialog: earlier. I just see you getting
dialog: sucked in deeper and deeper, and I
dialog: -- anyway. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (drifting off,
dialog: joking)
dialog: S'okay. I know you still love me.
text: She looks down at him, gently brushes his hair off his
text: sweaty forehead in an unconsciously maternal gesture. He
dialog: is out cold.
text: Mace gazes at Lenny's sleeping face in a way we haven't
text: seen before: unguarded. Caring. Loving.
dialog: And we get it: she does love him. It makes no sense, and
dialog: it is a great burden to her that he doesn't see her... but
dialog: there it is.
text: She shakes it off: she doesn't want to deal with it now.
text: Maybe not ever. She leans her head back against the ratty
text: top of the couch, sighs. And keeps her hand moving
text: soothingly on his head.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT./ INT. MACE'S HOUSE/INGLEWOOD - DAY
text: Mace pulls the limo into the driveway of a modest stucco
text: house in Inglewood. It's dawn. A neighbor is walking the
text: dog. Mace heads into the house, picking up a couple of
text: toys left scattered in the front yard.
text: Inside, ZANDER, age 6, is watching TV in his pajamas and
text: eating a bowl of cereal. Behind him, on the couch, is
text: Mace's younger sister CECILE, zee'd-out. Zander frowns at
text: her and looks at a red-plastic (toy) watch.
speaker_heading: ZANDER
dialog: Where were you Mom? Did you meet a
dialog: guy?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Just Lenny.
speaker_heading: ZANDER
dialog: Right. That explains it.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Are you going to make me beg?
text: Zander scrambles over to his mom, throws his arms around
dialog: her. Big hug.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (looking at weird
dialog: stuff in cereal)
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: ZANDER
dialog: Cheerios and wieners. I made it
dialog: myself. It's good.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Well give me some then... I'm
dialog: starving.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LENNY'S APARTMENT
dialog: 2:20 P.M. DEC 31
text: Lenny wakes up to the sound of the phone ringing. He is
text: on the couch, still clothed. He hears Max's voice on the
text: answer machine and groggily grabs the receiver.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: Hey, the last day of the world and
dialog: you spend it in bed.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: W'sup, Max?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A.M.E. CHURCH AND STREET/SOUTH CENTRAL - DAY
text: Max, on the cellular, across the street from a church
text: where mourners stream out of a memorial for Jeriko One.
text: The sidewalk and street are clogged with fans, and further
text: off -- a cordon of very anxious-looking crowd control
dialog: cops.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Not a whole hell of a lot. They've
text: just been saying words over Jeriko.
dialog: Tensions running pretty high down
dialog: here. I'm telling you.
text: WHAT MAX SEES across the street... SLOWMO as Tran comes
text: out of the church with Faith next to him. Corto, Vita,
text: Duncan and Beemer form a loose protective shell around
text: them as the press bears down, shouting out questions.
text: Tran ushers Faith into a waiting limo and climbs in after
text: her. The rest of the muscle keeps the press away from the
text: car as it pulls away.
text: CUT TO: Max, still on the phone to Lenny.
speaker_heading: LENNY (V.O.)
dialog: Faith OK?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yeah. She's leaving with Tran so I
dialog: got to boogie. Real quick... Iris
dialog: checked into the Sheraton last night
dialog: under a false name. Paid cash.
speaker_heading: LENNY
text: Looks like she was holding out.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yup. Hey, so I heard you dropped in
dialog: on Tran last night. Another slick
dialog: Lenny move.
speaker_heading: LENNY (V.O.)
dialog: He's in this somehow... I don't know
dialog: how. Just stay close to Faith.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm on her, amigo. No worries.
dialog: Gotta jam.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LENNY'S APARTMENT
text: As Lenny is hanging up he notices something. A MANILA
text: ENVELOPE stuck between the steel bars and the glass of his
text: front window, next to the door. "NERO" is printed on the
dialog: envelope.
text: Oh shit. He opens the door, looking both ways. No-one is
text: around. He fishes out the envelope from behind the bars
text: and takes it inside. Of course it contains a tape. He
text: stares at it with dread.
text: Lenny sits down and put the tape in his playback deck. He
text: picks up the trodes and places them on his head. He
text: notices his hands are shaking. He takes a deep breath and
dialog: punches PLAY.
text: POV SEQUENCE: DAY. As expected we see the de-saturated
text: signature look of the killer's vision. The Wearer is
text: walking through the courtyard of Lenny's apartment
text: building. We recognize it by the unkempt pool, the sunken
text: deck furniture. We walk through a breezeway to an ally-
text: like courtyard behind the building. We approach a door...
text: the back door to Lenny's apartment.
text: The killer picks the lock on the back door. Opens the
text: door and enters. The apartment is dark, blacked out. We
text: are in the kitchen. We stop and listen. Water dripping
text: in the sink. Soft snoring from the living room.
text: Moving to the other room. Slowly, silently. Furtively
text: looking around the door frame to the living room. There
text: is Lenny, crashed out on the couch.
text: Now moving stealthily toward him. Kneeling down beside
text: him. Lenny, burned out from the night before, is deep
text: under. Our hand comes into view, holding the yellow
text: plastic razor knife. With his thumb, the killer extends
dialog: the blade... click, click, click, click.
text: The blade flashes in a beam of sunlight as it moves toward
text: Lenny. The killer lays it gently against Lenny's throat.
text: Draws it slowly across... not leaving a mark.
text: The POV backs away and -- static as the tape ends.
text: LENNY, IN THE PRESENT, whips off the trodes, freaking. He
text: feels around his throat with one hand... can't feel
dialog: anything.
text: Crossing quickly to a mirror near the front door, he
text: inspects his neck minutely. There is a hair-line red line
text: over his carotid. He looks around the room wildly, his
text: heart hammering. Slowly, he gets his breathing under
dialog: control.
text: Then... he hears something in the kitchen. A tiny click.
text: His eyes go wide. Hyperventilating, Lenny moves silently
text: into the bedroom. He fishes around under the bed and
text: pulls out a GLOCK 22 .45 auto pistol. He stalks silently
text: toward the kitchen.
text: Then he looks at the butt of the pistol-grip: no magazine.
text: He un-stalks back to the bed and finds a loaded magazine
text: under a bunch of dirty socks. He inserts it quietly,
text: wincing as he chambers a round.
text: Heart thudding, he works his way to the kitchen door. He
text: edges around the frame, pie-ing the room. Cop reflexes
dialog: intact.
text: Mace is sitting at the kitchen table, giving him a funny
text: look. She is drinking a cup of coffee, made from the
text: bottle of instant on the counter. She is dressed
text: casually, in bicycle pants, work boots and oversized nylon
text: jacket over a tank-top.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Whatup Lenny?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (hands shaking)
dialog: Jesus, Mace!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LENNY'S APARTMENT
text: A little later. As Lenny tosses stuff into a folding bag:
text: clothes, a playback deck, a box of .45 hollow points. He
text: grabs his grimy old Second Chance body armor from the LAPD
text: and stuffs it into his Haliburton. When Mace sees him do
dialog: that, she knows things are freaky.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Where we going?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Anywhere.
dialog: (finger to his lips)
dialog: We'll talk about it in the car.
text: Mace glances around... unnerved by the possibility of
dialog: audio surveillance.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Hand me that box of tapes, will you?
text: He's pointing to a shoe box full of "Faith" tapes. Mace
text: hands them over with obvious distaste. He throws them in
text: the bag, starts to zip it...
text: ... then sees his reflection in the bedroom mirror:
dialog: something's the matter.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: This tie doesn't go with blue!
text: He yanks off the tie and grabs another.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. MACE'S LIMO AND STREET - DAY
text: Mace and Lenny drive through the streets of LA on the last
dialog: day of this millennium. There are cops in body armor and
text: helmets on some street corners, holding automatic rifles.
text: Helicopters orbit endlessly. And a National Guard tank
text: rumbles down the street. State of siege. The car radio
text: is on, with KROQ's poor Man hyping the impending
dialog: Millennium LA party.
speaker_heading: POOR MAN
dialog: ... the New Years Eve mega-bash of
dialog: the century. Ten square blocks of
dialog: madness, with live music, fireworks
dialog: and the actual rich and famous of LA
dialog: hobnobbing with us peons. Also
dialog: yours truly the Poor Man will be
text: there at the KROQ bandshell, giving
dialog: away "Millennium LA" and "KROQ 2-K"
dialog: T-shirts by the truckload--
text: Lenny is keyed up and tense. He keeps looking out the
dialog: back window.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Will you relax. There's nobody back
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Mace, the guy had a knife. To my
dialog: throat. In my living room.
dialog: Relaxing might be right out, okay?!
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: You better keep a low profile for a
dialog: while.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: No shit. You got someplace in mind?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD/MACE'S HOUSE - DAY
text: On Zander, face lighting up, giving Lenny a high five.
text: Lenny drops his bag, shakes, does a little silly hand
text: choreography -- a goof on a bro grip -- that makes Zander
text: laugh. Mace watches this ritual and smiles herself.
dialog: Zander can call out a part of Lenny that Mace would like
dialog: to see more of.
text: Cecile is there, hanging out with her boyfriend CURTIS,
dialog: and Curtis' friend VEJ. These two guys are about 18,
text: dressed in gangsta garb. They are listening to "The
text: Prophets of Rage" on a CD player, and watch Lenny with a
text: dispassion that flirts with distaste.
speaker_heading: ZANDER
dialog: What do you got?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (pulls a tape out of
dialog: his pocket)
dialog: Today I have...
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (seeing the tape)
dialog: Lenny, have you lost it completely?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Easy, there, Mom. Easy. This is
dialog: audio only.
dialog: (hands tape to
dialog: Zander)
dialog: John Coltrane. "A Love Supreme."
dialog: Give it a listen, let me know what
dialog: you think, maybe you won't go for it
dialog: now, but it'll get in your head and
dialog: grow like a seed into something
dialog: really beautiful.
speaker_heading: ZANDER
dialog: Let's play it now!
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Later. Your mom'n I are heading
dialog: right back out.
text: Groans of outrage and protestations of unfairness from
dialog: Cecile, Vej and Curtis follow this bad news. Cecile even
text: musters the gumption to speak up.
speaker_heading: CECILE
dialog: Hey, come on, I been baby-sitting a
dialog: full 24 hours, I have to get ready
dialog: for the party tonight...
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Cecile.
dialog: Mace frosts her with a look. You don't mess with Mace.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (to a disappointed
dialog: Zander)
dialog: You're not the only little boy I
dialog: have to look out for, honey.
text: Zander nods: OK. Lenny gives him the grip. Zander's hand
text: outmaneuvers his, and the boy smiles in triumph.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND PARKING GARAGE
text: POV: squid tape of Iris' death. Quick barrages of the
text: savage imagery interspersed with bursts of static...
text: ... until Tick slips off the trodes. He's been totaled by
dialog: what he's seen.
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: Whoa. That is one unbelievable
dialog: piece of eyefuck.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Skip the art criticism, Tick, what
dialog: can you tell me about the wearer.
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: Well... the guy's fucked up.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: We know that, Tick.
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: No, I mean the killer's got some
dialog: kind of distortion in his visual
dialog: cortex. The color and gray-scale
dialog: values are all messed up, like color
dialog: blindness.
text: He gives the tape a fast run through his processing
dialog: equipment.
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: Lookit, you see the peak period
dialog: ratios there? Could be some kind of
dialog: tumor or brain lesion or something.
dialog: Some kind of trauma
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: This is not good. I don't like this
dialog: at all...
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: Well, it's cutting awful close to
dialog: me. I mean she was just here.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Who was just here?
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: Iris, man. Pay attention.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Wait, wait... wait a minute. Iris
dialog: was here?!
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: Yeah, she came by last night.
dialog: Shaking like a junkie, wanting me to
dialog: make a copy of some clip.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: What clip? What was it?
speaker_heading: TICK
dialog: I don't know, man, she wouldn't let
dialog: me see it. Said I wouldn't want to
dialog: see it. She said she was going to
dialog: give it to you to hold for her.
dialog: Like insurance or somethin'
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: She never gave me a tape.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (to Lenny)
dialog: Think back about what she said.
dialog: Exactly what she said.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (revved up)
dialog: She wanted to go out to my car,
dialog: something about my car...
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Something in your car...
dialog: Lenny and Mace swap a look: oh shit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SAN PEDRO IMPOUND YARD - DUSK
dialog: 6:05 P.M.
dialog: The last night of this millennium is falling. Mace's limo
text: pulls to the curb. The yard is located in the vast no-
dialog: man's land of storage lots, cranes and warehouses near
text: harbor piers. The impound office is locked. Closed for
dialog: New Years Eve.
text: CUT TO Lenny and Mace cutting the chain off the gate with
text: the long-handled bolt-cutters. They enter the yard. Mace
text: is carrying a blunt object that looks like a ray-gun. A
speaker_heading: TAZER.
text: Right on cue a huge Rottweiller bounds out of the shadows
text: at them, growling, its head low on an attack run. Mace
text: fires and the tazer lights up the with 120,000 volts (low
text: amperage, not lethal). It whines and flips over twice,
text: then runs off behind some parked cars.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: That's a handy little attitude
dialog: adjuster.
dialog: (sees his car)
dialog: Damn. I'm boxed in.
text: Lenny and Mace approach his BMW, blocked in by ten other
text: cars, so he's not getting it back this trip. He unlocks
text: the door and looks inside with a tiny Mag-Lite while Mace
text: covers them with the tazer. A puppy-like whine comes
text: occasionally from behind some cars nearby. We catch a
text: glimpse of the puzzled, snuffling Rottweiller eyeing them
dialog: warily.
text: Lenny finds the tape on the floormat, passenger side,
text: still wrapped in the note. He reads the note: "HELP ME.
dialog: IRIS."
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: What's it say?
text: He crumples the note.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Nothing. Let's go play this back.
text: CUT TO LENNY AND MACE returning to the limo. As they
text: reach the car they are hit by two flashlight beams. It is
text: the two cops, SPREG AND ENGELMAN, out of uniform, but
text: looking very serious with their pistols aimed at Lenny and
dialog: Mace. They have been following Lenny, knowing sooner or
dialog: later he would lead them to the tape.
speaker_heading: SPREG
dialog: Give me the tape. Right now.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: What tape? I'm just trying to get
dialog: my car back but the place is
dialog: closed--
speaker_heading: SPREG
dialog: Shut the fuck up Nero.
text: Engelman grabs a fist-full of hair at the top of Mace's
text: head and jams his 9mm into the back of her skull.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (cool and even)
dialog: Lenny, give them the tape.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: It's in my case. Okay? I'm going
dialog: to open my case...
speaker_heading: ENGELMAN
dialog: Facing us, where we can see it.
text: Lenny slowly opens the Haliburton. He takes out the tape
text: and holds it out toward Spreg.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Take it and turn her loose. Okay?
speaker_heading: SPREG
dialog: Absolutely.
dialog: And you see in his eyes that it isn't going to go that
text: way. Spreg edges forward and takes the tape. Then he
text: points his pistol at Lenny's head, about to fire--
text: Which is when the pissed-off Rottweiller shoots through
text: the open gate like a black torpedo and tears into
text: Engelman's leg. Engelman screams in pain. Mace twists
text: out of his grip. Engelman shoots the dog.
text: Lenny swings up his Haliburton, using it as a shield, and
text: dives for the car. The case takes three rounds from
text: Spreg's 9mm before Lenny gets behind cover.
text: Mace just seems to vanish. She reappears over the trunk
text: of the limo and puts two rounds squarely into Spreg's
text: chest, knocking him down. Lenny and Mace scramble into
text: the car, starting it up.
text: Spreg sits up, pulling up his shirt to make sure his body
text: armor stopped the slugs. No blood. He comes up firing.
text: He and Engelman empty their magazines at the limo as it
text: pulls away. No damage. They realize the limo is a bullet
text: proof security model and run to their pickup truck, parked
text: nearby, to give chase.
text: Spreg's face is a mask of rage. He slams the truck in
text: gear and accelerates after the limo before Engelman even
text: has the door closed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. LIMO AND SAN PEDRO STREET - NIGHT
text: Mace has the big car floored. She looks in the rear-view
text: as the truck gains on them. Mace is doing her thing...
text: what she's trained for. Security driving. She whips some
text: moves in the big car, but the truck is closing on them.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (holding on)
dialog: Oh no, we're not being followed,
dialog: Lenny, Don't be so paranoid, Lenny.
text: They hear rounds hitting the car, and look back. The
text: truck is right behind them.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Shit!
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Take it easy. The glass is bullet
dialog: resistant.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Bullet resistant? Whatever happened
dialog: to bullet proof?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Lenny. Calm down. This is what I
dialog: do.
text: THE LIMO slides broadly through a turn, side slamming a
text: parked van. Mace accelerates. The truck stays with them.
text: Engelman is leaning out the passenger side window with an
text: AK-47 assault rifle. He rips off several burst which
text: riddle the limo, cracking the glass in starburst patterns.
text: The Lexan-laminated windows are cracked to hell, but the
dialog: rounds don't come all the way through.
text: Spreg's truck comes alongside, ramming them. The impact
text: drives them sideways. Mace swerves to miss a light-
text: standard and finds herself roaring between warehouse
text: buildings which front the harbor.
text: The truck stays right with them. Engelman fires bursts at
text: the tires, shredding them off the rims. The limo thunders
text: along on steel rims, throwing rooster-tails of orange
dialog: sparks.
text: Mace finds herself boxed in by the buildings. No way to
text: turn. Ahead is a short concrete pier. She hits the
text: brakes and the limo skids on its rims out onto the pier,
text: stopping before it reaches the end.
dialog: They are trapped.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SAN PEDRO PIER - NIGHT
text: Engelman and Spreg jump out of the truck, taking cover
text: behind it. They rake the limo with bursts from their AK-
dialog: 47s.
text: INSIDE THE CAR. Lenny and Mace keep their heads down
text: below the door frame. It sounds like they are inside a
text: steel drum in some psychotic Calypso band. But the
text: armored body panels hold.
text: Lenny is punching his cellular.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Goddamnit!! 911 is busy!
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: It's okay, Lenny
dialog: (he looks at her
dialog: hopefully)
dialog: They'd never get here in time
dialog: anyway.
text: Mace has reloaded her Sig and is trying to open the door
text: on her side (away from the bad guys). It is jammed from
dialog: the sideswiping.
text: Spreg reaches into the bed of the truck and pulls out a
text: gallon gas can. He uncaps it and throws it across the
text: pavement. It slides under the limo, glugging its contents
text: onto the ground. Spreg grabs a road-flare from under the
text: seat of the truck and strikes the cap, lighting it.
text: He tosses the flare under the limo...
text: KA-WHOOMPH!! The gas can explodes in a fireball. The
text: Continental is engulfed in flames. From the inside all
text: Lenny and Mace can see is fire. All the windows are
text: covered in roaring flames.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (matter-of-fact)
dialog: This is bad.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: The gas tank's going to go any
dialog: second!
text: Mace slams the car into gear and floors it. The powerful
text: Lincoln thunders forward. It crashes through a chain-link
text: fence and launches right off the end of the pier. A
text: fireball plunging in a meteoric arc into the oily black
dialog: water.
text: Inside, they are slammed forward by the impact. The car
dialog: sinks.
text: UNDERWATER: The car hits bottom, twenty feet down, sitting
text: there amid the junk. Shafts of light play down from the
text: big streetlights at the end of the pier.
text: INSIDE, Lenny and Mace are in a flooding black tomb.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Are you out of your fucking mind?!
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Fire's out, isn't it?
text: She scrambles into the back seat. She wrenches at the
text: rear seatback, pulls it free... and crawls half-into the
text: huge trunk. Water is up around their legs. She grabs her
text: shotgun: a sawed-off ten-gauge.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Get in here. Come on Lenny, move
dialog: it. MOVE!!
text: Mace yanks him toward her and he tumbles in.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Get ready to hold your breath.
text: She aims the ten-gauge at the trunk latch mechanism.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Lenny, kick out hard, then just
dialog: follow me. Okay?
text: He nods. BLAM!! She blows the trunk latch into shrapnel.
text: The trunk lid belches open in a whoosh of bubbles. Lenny
text: and Mace kick out, heading toward the lights of the pier.
text: ON THE SURFACE: Mace breaks the surface slowly alongside
text: the slimy concrete wall. Lenny comes up beside her,
text: spluttering. Her hand goes over his mouth. They are in
text: the inky shadows under a massive bumper made of rail-road
dialog: ties.
text: Engelman and Spreg are standing above them, scanning the
text: black water over the barrels of their AKs.
speaker_heading: SPREG
dialog: Let's get out of here.
text: They run back to the truck and high-tail it out of there.
text: Down below, Lenny and Mace are clinging to the pier,
text: chest-deep in the water. They hear the truck pulling
text: away. They let out a big exhalations of relief.
text: CUT TO LENNY AND MACE walking on the pier, shoes
text: squishing. They leave a shiny trail behind them.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: I can't believe we had to give them
dialog: the damn tape.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Yeah, me neither. It was one of my
dialog: favorites. Me and Faith in a hot
dialog: tub on my birthday. I'm going to
dialog: really miss it.
text: He feels around in his jacket pocket. He pulls out the
text: MYSTERY TAPE... nice and dry in its plastic case. He
text: holds it up to show a grinning Mace.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Are we impressed yet?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. FREEWAY AND CURTIS' CAR - NIGHT
dialog: 7:45 P.M.
text: Lenny and Mace, still wet, riding in the back seat of
dialog: Curtis' car.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: I got better things to do on New
dialog: Year's Eve than be some kinda damn
dialog: chauffeur...
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Hey Curtis? Just drive.
text: Curtis swears. But he shuts up and drives.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Those two guys were cops.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: It's the walk. Something. Anyway,
dialog: they'll run your plates and get your
dialog: address. We gotta keep moving.
text: Mace takes it in. She nods.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MACE'S HOUSE
text: Mace comes in the front door and walks straight to the TV,
text: switching it off. Zander and Cecile are shocked.
speaker_heading: CECILE
dialog: Lornette, girl... what's going on?
text: Lenny goes past them and starts grabbing his stuff...
dialog: wardrobe bag, playback gear.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (to Zander)
dialog: We're going to aunt Cecile's, honey.
dialog: We're going to watch fireworks from
dialog: there. Let's go. Chop chop.
speaker_heading: ZANDER
dialog: Aw, Mom!
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Come on Zander. You can ride on my
dialog: shoulders. Here you go.
text: Lenny hoists him overhead and goes out the door. Cecile
text: catches up to Mace in the hall, just as she is opening a
text: locked cabinet and pulling out a little .380 auto, holster
dialog: and ammo.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Cecile, get in the car. Now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. STREET AND CIVIC - NIGHT
text: Sirens pierce the night. Two pillars of fire are visible
text: blocks away. There are dark crowds of people everywhere.
text: People on the sidewalks, lighting fireworks. There are
text: flashes and explosions. It could be a celebration, or a
text: war zone. Maybe both. Or one about to turn into the
dialog: other.
text: Mace is driving, scanning the streets. She has her .380
text: auto in her hand, resting in her lap. Lenny is riding
text: shotgun, while Curtis, Cecile and Zander are in the back
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CECILE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
dialog: It is gang territory pure and simple. Blacks and
text: Hispanics. Graffiti everywhere. Burned-out buildings.
dialog: Lenny sees abject poverty, here. Even so, people are
dialog: partying.
text: They pull up to the front of Cecile's apartment building
dialog: and get out.
text: There are some homeboys chillin' on the front steps who
text: give Mace the local hand-sign. She returns the sign
text: automatically as she carries Zander past them.
speaker_heading: ONE OF THE BOYS
dialog: Yo, Mace. Whatup wit you, homegirl?
dialog: You never come roun' here no more.
text: Lenny follows with his wardrobe bag. The homeboys give
text: Lenny the eye as he brushes past them. Mace chills them
text: with a glare.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: He's with me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CECILE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: A small and dingy place. Cecile has done her best to make
dialog: it a home.
text: Mace and Lenny go into the kitchen and shut the door.
text: He quickly sets up his playback deck on the table. He
text: puts on the trodes and pulls the tape out of his pocket.
text: Then he pauses, looking at it apprehensively... knowing
dialog: that it contains the answer to all this madness.
text: He puts it into the deck. The deck closes. He punches
speaker_heading: PLAY.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT/LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Mace watches Zander lighting bottle rockets with Curtis on
text: the balcony of the apartment... visible through the
text: window. Staccato fireworks nearby sound like automatic
text: weapons, making her flinch. She goes back into the...
text: KITCHEN. Where she sees Lenny sitting at the table,
text: trodes in his hands. Stunned. Face the color of old
text: cement. Hands shaking.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I can't tell you. You've got to
dialog: see.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Uh unh. I won't do it.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Mace. I know what you think about
dialog: the wire. But I'm asking you to do
dialog: this. It's that important.
text: Mace sees how serious he is. She nods: OK. He puts the
text: trodes on her.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Sorry this has to be your first
dialog: playback.
text: He hits play and Mace reacts as the sensory input hits
text: her. She opens her eyes...
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Keep your eyes closed, or you'll see
dialog: double.
text: She bites her lip as the sensation of being another person
text: floods through her.
dialog: POV SEQUENCE: We are Iris. Riding in a car. Fixing our
text: makeup in a mirror on the passenger side sun visor. Iris
text: flips the sun visor back up, revealing the moving street.
dialog: It is night.
dialog: We look down, and recognize the dress Iris was wearing
dialog: when we first saw her, two nights ago. She puts her
text: lipstick into a purse which is belted to her waist. Iris
text: turns her head and we see the driver.
text: It is JERIKO ONE. He is laughing, talking to someone in
text: the back seat. Iris looks and we see REPLAY, Jeriko's
text: sideman, and another woman, DIAMANDA. They are amorously
text: entwined. Then they are all laughing and passing around a
text: bottle of Jim Beam. The car stereo is thumping loudly.
text: Iris' POV swings around and looks down, seeing Jeriko's
text: hand caressing her thigh. She puts her hand on his chest
text: and leans close to him. Jeriko grins, then looks up and
text: swears at a wash of red/blue cop flash.
speaker_heading: JERIKO
dialog: Shit. Fuckin' Five-O
text: Our POV swings to the rear-view mirror and we see an LAPD
text: car behind us, with the gumball machine on. A spotlight
text: hits us and we hear a single whoop on the siren. Jeriko
text: pulls over, but they are on an overpass... no shoulder.
speaker_heading: COP VOICE
dialog: (on bullhorn)
dialog: Go to the bottom of the ramp.
text: Jeriko and Replay are both swearing. He pulls the car
text: down the ramp, stopping on a deserted street in a
text: warehouse district. Our POV looks around nervously.
text: Black shadows and concrete pillars. No-one around. Cars
text: whoosh by on the bridge above but they might as well be on
text: Mars. The car is stopped next to a train yard. We hear
text: the rumble of diesels nearby, the clank of freightcars.
text: We see the outlines of TWO COPS advancing through the beam
text: of the spotlight, their guns drawn.
speaker_heading: JERIKO
dialog: (jumping out of the
dialog: car)
dialog: Goddamn, now what you pull me over
dialog: for? If I was going any slower I'd
dialog: be parked--
speaker_heading: COP VOICE 1
dialog: Get down on your knees and put your
dialog: hands on your head. Now!
speaker_heading: COP VOICE 2
text: Everyone else, out of the car and
text: down on the ground.
text: Our POV comes up and out of the car. Jeriko is
text: righteously pissed off. He's not following orders.
speaker_heading: COP VOICE 1
dialog: Put your hands behind your head
dialog: right now!
text: He goes along, madder than ever. The cops get Replay down
text: on his knees as well, in the wet gutter next to the curb.
text: The cops are closer now. We see that they are SPREG and
speaker_heading: ENGELMAN.
speaker_heading: ENGELMAN
dialog: (to us)
dialog: Put your hands on the hood of the
dialog: car and don't move.
text: We exchange a look with Diamanda. Fucking cops. But
text: Jeriko is winding them up. Not giving them the pleasure
dialog: of the humiliation. You can see it escalating.
speaker_heading: JERIKO
dialog: I suppose you stopped us cause you
dialog: had suspects fitting our description
dialog: in the area, what you're gonna tell
dialog: me. What was the description? Two
dialog: black males in a car? Yeah, right,
dialog: I heard that one before...
text: As Engelman pulls out Jeriko's wallet, looks at his ID,
dialog: Jeriko checks name tags.
speaker_heading: JERIKO
dialog: Well you stopped the wrong black
dialog: male tonight officer... what is it?
dialog: Spreg. Officer Spreg. Cause I'm
dialog: the 800 pound gorilla in your mist,
dialog: fucker. I make more in a day than
dialog: you make in a year, and my lawyers
dialog: love to spend my money dragging
dialog: sorry-ass Aryan robocops like you
dialog: into court. Get a man down on the
dialog: ground with no probable cause. Fuck
dialog: you!
speaker_heading: SPREG
dialog: Shut the fuck up!
text: He kicks Jeriko down on his face. Jeriko hits the ground
dialog: hard.
speaker_heading: DIAMANDA
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Leave the fuck off of us, we weren't
dialog: doing anything...
speaker_heading: SPREG
dialog: Shut up! Don't make me walk over
dialog: there.
dialog: Engelman shows the ID to Spreg, saying something we can't
dialog: hear.
speaker_heading: SPREG
dialog: You're that rap puke? Jeriko One?
dialog: You're the one getting all the
dialog: gangbangers to form citizens groups
dialog: and go downtown... trying to rake
dialog: the LAPD over a cheese grater?
speaker_heading: JERIKO
dialog: That's right. And you're gonna be
dialog: in my next song, motherfucker, it's
dialog: called Robo-Spreg.
text: Replay starts laughing. Diamanda stifles a giggle. Spreg
text: is white-lipped with rage. Years of frustration coming to
dialog: a head. Too many disciplinary actions, too many
dialog: suspensions, too little appreciation of the tough job they
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: JERIKO
text: It's a song about a cop who meets
text: his worst nightmare, a nigger with
dialog: enough political juice to crush his
dialog: ass like a stink bug. You're gonna
dialog: be famous.
text: Spreg looks around the empty street. Looks at Engelman.
text: Down at Jeriko, proned out on the pavement. Replay's
text: laughter in his ears.
speaker_heading: SPREG
dialog: I don't think so.
text: And shoots him BLAM! BLAM! Twice in the back of the
dialog: head. Just like that.
text: Diamanda screams. Replay tries to roll to his feet.
text: Spreg shoots him twice in the stomach. Replay is
text: screaming. Rolling around, holding his guts.
speaker_heading: SPREG
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Hey... I don't hear you laughing!
text: Engelman's yelling something at him we can't hear. Spreg
text: turns, eyes wide with adrenaline.
speaker_heading: SPREG
dialog: Get the bitches.
text: Engelman hesitates and then spins toward us. Diamanda is
text: screaming, backing away from Engelman. Spreg shoots
dialog: Replay four more times.
text: We spin one-eighty and start to run. Hear shots... BLAM!
dialog: BLAM! BLAM! Spin back... to see Diamanda dropping to her
text: knees. Engelman shoots her again. Then raises his gun
dialog: toward us.
text: We spin away. The world becomes a kinetic blur. The
text: sound of shots. We see puffs of dust on the ground in
text: front of us. Missed shots. We tumble over a guardrail
text: and roll down an embankment... get up and keep running.
dialog: Train tracks ahead. Looking back... here come Spreg and
text: Engelman down the embankment, overtaking us. We hear the
text: thunder of a train... spinning again to look forward.
text: Freight-train doing fifty on the nearest track. Almost to
dialog: us.
text: We leap forward. Over the track. The diesel roars past
text: behind us. Looking back... a black wall of moving steel.
text: Backing away from it.
text: We see Engelman and Spreg crouching down... trying to aim
text: through the wheels. Hear the impotent pop of their guns
text: over the roar of the train.
text: Turning to run again. We see a tiny hole appear in a sign
text: right in front of us with a metallic SPANG. Running and
dialog: running.
text: Looking back. No pursuit. Train still rolling by. Can't
text: see the cops. Running, running. Heart pounding and lungs
text: heaving. Sobbing sounds coming from somewhere, seeming to
dialog: fill the night.
text: Looking down... one shoe on, one shoe off. Iris' hand
text: takes off the remaining shoe, clutches it to her chest.
text: We move forward into the dark train-yard as--
speaker_heading: THE TAPE ENDS.
text: And Mace sits stone still. Shakes. For a beat. And
text: another. Then she tears the trodes off and throws them
text: across the room, near where Lenny is on the cellular.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hang on. Hang on, Max.
dialog: (looks at Mace)
dialog: You see?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: I see.
dialog: (trembling)
dialog: I see the earth opening up and
dialog: swallowing us all.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Yeah I know.
dialog: (into cellular)
dialog: So what do we do?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. MAX'S CAR - NIGHT
text: As Max drives along a crowded downtown street.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Don't talk to anybody. Anybody.
dialog: You're invisible. Okay? Just meet
dialog: me at Tick's in a half hour. And
dialog: Lenny... don't get pulled over.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CECILE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Lenny pushes "End" on his cellular and looks at Mace. The
dialog: first-time impact of the Squid experience, and the killing
dialog: of Jeriko, still haunts her. We've never seen Mace
text: scared. But she looks scared now.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: We got to make another copy of this.
dialog: Little life insurance.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: You know what this tape could do if it
dialog: gets out.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (tucking Glock in
dialog: his waistband)
dialog: I've got a good idea, yeah.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: People finding out... seeing... that
dialog: the LAPD just flat out executed
dialog: Jeriko One. Jesus. Maybe they
dialog: ought to see.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Maybe. But tonight is probably not
dialog: the best night. Come on, we're
dialog: rollin'.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CECILE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Cecile catches them on the steps as they are leaving.
speaker_heading: CECILE
dialog: Lornette, when you gonna stop laying
dialog: off everything on me? We had plans
dialog: tonight--
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (steely)
dialog: Listen to me, little sister.
dialog: There's something going on, and it's
dialog: very big. Now you've got to take
dialog: care of Zander. And stay off the
dialog: streets tonight... you hear me on
dialog: this?
text: Cecile gets the message. She nods.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Curtis. What about you? Do we
dialog: understand each other? You stay
dialog: put.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Yeah. I'm wit it.
text: Mace and Lenny go on down the steps to the car.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (to Cecile)
dialog: Damn! She worse than you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. CIVIC AND STREET - NIGHT
text: Lenny and Mace see helicopters circling as they maneuver
text: the dark streets. Xenon searchlights crisscross the
text: rooftops nearby. They see patrol cars passing on cross-
text: streets, lights flashing. It feels like the entire LAPD
dialog: is looking for them.
text: Everywhere in the street there are small crowds, street
text: parties in progress. People drinking and firing bottle
text: rockets. The police watch everything.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: So, let's see, I've got Tran's
dialog: goons, some squidhead psycho and the
dialog: LAPD all trying to kill me. Happy
dialog: new year, Lenny.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Well, look at the plus side.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: There's a plus side?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Yeah. You gave up your hot tub tape
dialog: to save me. That's real progress
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: It was a tough call.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: I still can't square the psycho
dialog: smarts of whoever did Iris with
dialog: those two cops.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I don't think those cops did Iris.
dialog: I think whoever Iris was wearing for
dialog: killed her.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: To break the trail. If those cops
dialog: had gotten hold of her, they would
dialog: have beat it out of her who she was
dialog: wearing for, and then gone after
dialog: them too. Our killer is running as
dialog: scared as we are. Which makes him
dialog: really dangerous. Judging by how
dialog: scared I am.
text: They pull up to the checkpoint; Lenny squirrels into the
text: seat, hiding in the shadows, as Mace flashes her security
text: pass and the cop waves them on.
text: Lenny lets his breath out slowly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND GARAGE/TICK'S VAN
text: Lenny and Mace pull in with a SQUEAL of brakes and park
dialog: the car. Sound of rock music -- some kind of refried
text: psychedelia -- coming from Tick's van down the ramp.
text: Mace and Lenny get out, approaching the van. Hearing
text: tires squeal, they turn to see Max pull up. He gets out
text: wearing an ill-fitting rental tux. Music louder, echoing
text: in the empty garage, even though the van is shut tight.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Sounds like Tick's already
dialog: celebrating.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: You may be a little overdressed for
dialog: this party.
dialog: (Lenny pounds on the
dialog: van door)
dialog: Yo, Tick! It's Lenny. Open up!
text: Mace slips out her .380, on alert.
speaker_heading: LENNY
text: (knocks again, then opens
dialog: rear van door)
dialog: Tick, I got to talk to you, man...
dialog: oh shit.
text: Tick's slumped in the back of the van with playback trodes
text: on his head. He's breathing, but otherwise he's still.
text: Near lifeless. A cyborg after a power outage. All the
text: equipment in the van is trashed.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (as he starts to
dialog: examine Tick)
dialog: He's been cooked-off
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Is he dead?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: No. But his frontal lobes are like
text: two runny eggs. They put an
dialog: amplifier in-line to boost the
dialog: signal till it french-fried his
dialog: brain.
text: Mace hits "Off" on the built-in CD player. The sudden
text: silence is creepy. Lenny gets right in front of Tick's
text: eyes, shouting at him, at the top of his lungs.
text: TICK'S POV: We see a roaring blizzard of inchoate static.
text: Somewhere in the middle of it is a suggestion of Lenny's
text: face, almost invisible. We hear the tiniest ghost of his
text: voice, like a radio playing two blocks away.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: He's totally cut off from the outer
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: How long does it last?
dialog: (off Lenny's look)
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Those two psycho cops are on a
dialog: slash-and-burn to find the tape and
dialog: cover their tracks.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: This seems a little sophisticated
dialog: for them. These are not subtle
dialog: guys.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: There's more to this whole thing
dialog: than you think.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Whattya mean?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: All I'm saying... you don't know how
dialog: high up the food chain this thing
dialog: goes. I've heard stuff.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: What stuff?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Smoke. Rumors. I've heard stuff
dialog: about a death squad. A group a guys
dialog: loyal to the hardline school. Guys
dialog: that've had too many years of city
dialog: hall and the review boards and the
dialog: goddamn media pissing down their
text: necks, suspending cops right and
dialog: left, tying their hands... while
dialog: outa the other side a their mouths
dialog: these same people're squealing save
dialog: us, save us, do something you
dialog: fucking morons, crime is totally out
dialog: of control.
text: Lenny takes this in. All the fight goes out of him. This
dialog: is just too overwhelming.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yeah. So don't walk near me in
dialog: public, alright.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Thanks, buddy. See... things
dialog: weren't bad enough. They weren't
dialog: fucking bad enough!
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: The only card we have to play is the
dialog: tape. You know, we get it to the
dialog: media somehow...
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Yeah, right, blow it open.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Mace... no disrespect... but you run
dialog: this on the 11 o'clock news, by
dialog: midnight you got the biggest riot in
dialog: history. They'll see the fucking
dialog: smoke from Canada.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Okay... what about Strickland?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No. Bad idea.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Who's Strickland?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Deputy Commissioner Palmer
dialog: Strickland. The sanctimonious prick
dialog: who busted me out. His ass is so
dialog: tight when he farts only dogs can
dialog: hear it. I know this guy. If
dialog: there's one cop who's not dirty
dialog: it's him.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Listen to me, Lenny... stay away
dialog: from cops. All cops. You have no
dialog: way of knowing who you can trust.
text: Mace looks from one to the other with a growing expression
dialog: of outrage.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: So you're saying we just pretend is
dialog: didn't happen? It happened! The
dialog: LAPD executed one of the most
dialog: important black men in America! Who
dialog: the fuck are you to bury this?!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Fine. Do you want blood running
dialog: waist deep in the storm drains? The
dialog: gangbangers'll spread like a wave
dialog: through this city and burn it to the
dialog: ground. And when the fires start
dialog: the street cops'll be capping off at
dialog: anything that moves. It'll be all-
dialog: out war and you know it.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Yeah, well maybe it's time for a
dialog: war!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You really want that on your head?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Hey, Max, Mace... whoa... time out.
speaker_heading: MAX/MACE
dialog: (together/annoyed)
dialog: What!?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Whoever killed Iris did Tick. It's
dialog: the same sick wirehead shit. Same
dialog: reason... to burn the trail. If
dialog: Faith knows anything about this, and
dialog: I think she does, then she's on the
dialog: list. So... who's driving?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RETINAL FETISH/ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Roadies are loading out gear through the back doors of the
text: club into a van in the alley. Lenny and Mace ENTER FRAME
dialog: and we follow them between the roadies, going through the
dialog: doors into...
scene_heading: INT. RETINAL FETISH
text: A grungy black corridor. The thunder of music gets louder
text: with each step as Lenny and Mace walk down the corridor
text: with purposeful strides.
text: Through chainlink partitions and banks of dark equipment,
text: Lenny catches glimpses of the stage. He can see Faith in
text: a blue-white spotlight. She is a whirling dervish,
text: convulsing with the divine madness of her music. Beyond
text: her, beyond the lights, in the gloom... Lenny can just see
text: Tran and his entourage. Dressed in tuxes, they look out
dialog: of place... clearly on their way somewhere else as the
dialog: evening progresses.
text: Faith whirls to a stop as the band crashes in a final
text: downbeat. The spotlight goes out and the set is over.
text: ON TRAN, clapping. Watching.
text: NEARBY, Max arrives through the crowd, scanning for
text: Tran... spotting him.
text: BACKSTAGE... FAITH, bathed in sweat, walking along a dark
text: corridor backstage. WE TRACK WITH HER, as she walks
text: through the shadows, like a fighter returning from the
text: ring, soaked and breathing hard.
text: A HAND shoots from a black doorway and covers her mouth,
text: pulling her into the shadows. Terrified for a split
text: second... before she recognizes that it is Lenny. He
text: pulls her into the room and closes the door. It is Tex
text: Arcana's VJ control room, full of monitors and constantly
text: changing graphic images. Tex is not there.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Lenny! Jesus! You scared the Hell
dialog: out of me.
text: Faith sees that Mace is standing there, in the shadows,
text: waiting. She turns back to Lenny with a frown.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Faith, we know about Jeriko. Iris
dialog: made me a copy of the tape.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Oh God, Lenny. I was trying to keep
dialog: you out of this.
text: But she seems relieved now that he knows, now that there
dialog: is someone to talk to.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: How did it happen? What was Iris
dialog: doing riding around with Jeriko
dialog: wearing a wire?
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: We should talk alone.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: No. Mace is in this.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Tell us.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Tran's gotten obsesses with
dialog: playback, a total wiretrip junkie.
dialog: And he's such a control freak, he's
dialog: been having people followed,
dialog: videotaped... recording his business
dialog: partners' calls. Wiring up people
dialog: left and right.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLUB/MAIN FLOOR
text: Tran looks at his watch and gets up from the table,
dialog: impatient.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: Let's go get her. We're late.
text: Max shows up suddenly, right in front of him. Stopping
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Tran, listen. I was wondering how
dialog: you want me to work it tonight, down
dialog: at the Bonaventure. You want me
dialog: downstairs at the party or upstairs
dialog: at the suite? Where you going to
dialog: be, mostly?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TEX'S ROOM
text: While Max stalls, Faith talks.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Tran and Jeriko weren't getting
dialog: along. He was afraid Jeriko was
dialog: getting ready to dump him, but he
dialog: wasn't sure, so he started with the
dialog: surveillance. A couple nights ago
text: he wires up Iris and sends her and
dialog: the other girl, Diamanda, over to
dialog: Jeriko's table.
text: CUT TO: TWO NIGHTS AGO, Iris, wearing a wig, leaves Tran's
text: table with Diamanda and moves toward... a booth in the
text: Retinal Fetish where Jeriko One sits with Replay. Iris
text: stands over Jeriko for just a moment. Then he nods,
text: smiles a little, and moves over to make room for her in
text: the booth right next to him.
speaker_heading: FAITH
text: That night Iris calls up, freaking.
text: She comes over and Tran watches the
dialog: tape. He just loses it. He can't
dialog: believe the disaster she's gotten
text: him into. He's terrified the cops
dialog: will beat it out of her who she was
dialog: working for, and come looking for
dialog: him.
text: CUT TO: TRAN'S LOFT as a tear-streaked and frantic Iris is
dialog: telling Tran about how the cops tried to kill her (we
text: don't hear). Tran backhands her furiously, his face thin-
text: lipped with rage. She crumples to the floor, sobbing.
text: Tran keeps looking at the squid tape in his hand like it's
dialog: poison.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Kinda guy you can count on in a
dialog: pinch.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Why didn't he just go public with
dialog: the tape? Save himself that way.
text: CUT TO: An image of Tran burning the squid tape. It
text: blazes in his hand and he hurls it into the fireplace like
dialog: a venomous snake.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: The scandal would wipe him out. If
dialog: it got out that he had his own
dialog: artists under surveillance... he'd
dialog: lose all his other acts. He'd be
dialog: over.
text: Now we see Tran, more composed, comforting Iris. He wipes
text: at her tear-streaked face. Hands her a wad of bills.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: So finally he gives Iris some cash
dialog: and tells her to check into the
dialog: hotel under a wrong name till he
dialog: figures out what to do.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Yeah... he figured out what to do
dialog: all right.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: You think Tran killed her?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: The killer knew right where she was.
dialog: Because he put her there.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: What a nightmare.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAIN FLOOR
text: Tran impatiently gestures to Corto.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: Go get her, Joey. Stupid bitch.
dialog: (to Max)
dialog: We'll talk about this later.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TEX'S ROOM
dialog: Mace is getting the sixth sense feeling that seconds
dialog: count.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Come on. We're out of here.
text: Lenny gets close to Faith, taking her face in his hands.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Leave here with me, right now.
text: Mace sighs heavily, rolls her eyes toward the ceiling.
text: Faith considers her options. Then she smiles at him.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Okay, Lenny. My guardian angel.
text: Faith hugs him, and he clutches her. Mace locks her jaw
text: and looks away. This is hard for her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: Mace leads the way, with Lenny following, gripping Faith's
text: hand like Orpheus leading Eurydice out of Hell. They push
text: through shapes of people in the thundering dark corridor.
text: Half-lit, in alcoves, far-gone wireheads loll in semi-
text: consciousness. Faith looks back and sees:
text: TRAN'S POSSE rounding a corner... spotting them. They
text: start shoving through the crowd like juggernauts, knocking
text: protesting people out of the way.
text: Mace, Lenny and Faith break into a run, pounding down the
dialog: corridor.
text: Behind them, Duncan leads the charge. Suddenly TEX ARCANA
text: shoots into the hallway, intentionally blocking their path
text: with his wheelchair. Duncan crashes over him, toppling
text: the chair, and they both sprawl to the floor. Vita,
text: Beemer and Corto go around the sprawl.
text: Tex, like many legless men, has incredibly strong arms.
text: Lenny looks back to see him pounding Duncan's head against
dialog: the floor...
speaker_heading: TEX
dialog: Teach you...
dialog: (pound)
dialog: to mess with...
dialog: (pound)
dialog: a helpless cripple!
text: Lenny et al reach the main floor of the club where they
text: shove through the buffeting crowd amid strobe-flashes and
text: a wall of sound.
text: Behind them we see Corto and Beemer hurling partiers
text: aside, cutting a swath, while Vita moves like a mongoose
text: through tall grass. Mace drops back, going tail-end-
text: Charlie... her bodyguard mode kicking in.
text: ON LENNY AND FAITH, charging through the jostling crowd,
text: Lenny is looking back, then he looks ahead and...
text: TRAN is right in front of him. In the whirling shapes and
text: colors of the crowd, he is an island of composure in a
text: white tux. He holds a glass of champagne in one hand, the
text: bottle in the other. In one lightning-fast move he
text: uppercuts with the bottle, clipping Lenny under the jaw.
text: Faith screams as Lenny staggers. Tran swings again,
text: smashing the bottle over the back of Lenny's head. Lenny
text: sprawls on the floor amid champagne foam and glass.
text: Lenny, blood flowing in his eyes, rises blearily to see
text: Faith being pulled away by Tran, who has her arm twisted
text: viciously behind her back. They go around a chain-link
text: divider and double back, heading for the exit. Lenny
text: staggers to the chainlink, sagging to his knees again as
text: Faith passes within a few inches of him. He slips down
text: the chainlink, into unconsciousness, as her image is lost
text: in the pounding darkness.
text: Mace gets to him through the crowd, and then whirls like a
text: cat as the Posse arrives. She stands guard over him like
text: a rabid dog, her .380 auto straightarmed and covering them
text: expertly. Corto eyes her with hatred. The stitches on
text: his nose and the bruised swelling are a reminder of his
text: last run-in with her. He backs off.
speaker_heading: CORTO
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Not here. Lets go.
text: They back off, fading into the crowd... catching up with
text: Tran at the exit.
text: Mace watches them recede. Then she bends to Lenny. Max
text: arrives a moment later and they lift him to his feet.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RETINAL FETISH/ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Max and Mace support a semi-conscious Lenny, hustling him
text: to the car. As they are putting him in the car, TWO LAPD
text: OFFICERS come through the crowd, eyeing the bleeding
dialog: Lenny.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Everything's cool. Too much to
dialog: drink.
text: Lenny picks this moment to slump sideways, falling half
text: out of the car. The squid tape of the Jeriko kill falls
text: out of his jacket pocket and clatters to the pavement.
text: Mace's eyes go wide. The boot of one of the cops is
dialog: inches from it.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Yeah, uh... he slipped on the
dialog: stairs. We're taking him to
dialog: emergency.
dialog: (to the nearest cop)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: The cop steps back, giving Mace room to push Lenny back up
text: in the seat. She surreptitiously kicks the tape under the
text: car, over to the driver's side.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Go to Cedars. It's closest.
text: Mace nods and goes around the car. Max starts asking them
text: questions and the cops turn away, distracted. She picks
text: up the tape and gets in. Closes the door. Let's out a
dialog: big breath.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARKING GARAGE/BONAVENTURE HOTEL - NIGHT
text: A line of expensive cars waiting to valet park. Tran's
text: limo jumps the line and swoops up parallel to the elevator
text: doors. The posse get out, scowling at the valet who
text: swallows his protest. Tran emerges, helping Faith out
text: with a firm grip on her arm which he does not release as
text: they head for the elevators.
text: They push through a group waiting for an elevator... men
text: in tuxes, women in gowns and diamonds. The elevator opens
text: and Tran's entourage sweeps inside. Beemer and Duncan
dialog: block any civilians from entering.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR
text: They ride in silence a moment. Faith is pale, her jaw
text: clenching. Tran has her arm in a tight grip. There is a
dialog: march-to-the-gallows feel about the moment.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Well, I'm certainly in the mood for
dialog: a party.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: (to Wade)
dialog: Take her up to the suite.
dialog: (to Faith)
dialog: Have a glass of champagne... or
dialog: six... I'll be up in a while to help
dialog: you ring in the New Year.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: I live for the moment.
text: The elevator doors open, revealing...
scene_heading: INT. FOYER AND BALLROOM
text: The heart of the MILLENNIUM L.A. New Year's ball. A
text: glitterati event in full swing. Red carpet, minicam
text: lights and paparazzi. Limos pulling up outside four deep.
text: Movie stars rubbing elbows with politicos, music movers
text: and shakers chatting with city hall types. This is a
dialog: party to celebrate the millennium, sure, but its main
dialog: function is to celebrate the celebrants: if you're here,
dialog: there's no need to be anywhere else. There is a heavy
text: police presence, as well as lots of private security.
text: Tran exits the elevator with Vita Minh, Joey Corto and
text: Duncan. They wedge through the crowd, Tran smiling.
dialog: Nodding to people he knows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CECILE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Lenny is in a chair in the kitchen, listening to Max on
text: the cellular. He is holding a dish-towel full of ice
text: cubes on his scalp. It is soaked with blood and his
text: Armani jacket and silk shirt are spattered. Mace lifts
text: the ice pack to check that the bleeding has stopped.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: You are a pussy-whipped sorry-ass
dialog: motherfucker, you know that?
text: She slaps the ice pack back down.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Owww!! Take it easy.
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Uh huh. So where are they now?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM/BONAVENTURE HOTEL
text: TIGHT ON MAX, leaning against a pillar. He looks over his
text: shoulder, around the column.
text: MAX'S POV: through a dense throng of glitterati we see
text: Tran and his entourage seated at a table, holding court
dialog: with music types and politicos.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: He's got her up in the room, under
dialog: guard. And he's still working the
dialog: party... acting smooth like nothin's
dialog: nothin'. So buddy... I say we work
dialog: a trade.
speaker_heading: LENNY (V.O.)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Give him the tape. See? It's
dialog: fucking brilliant! The tape for
dialog: Faith. I know he'll go for it. I
dialog: can set it up.
speaker_heading: LENNY (V.O.)
dialog: This is what we laughingly refer to
dialog: as a plan, right?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Come on! If he gives us any shit,
dialog: we kill 'em all. Whattya say?
dialog: (same old Max)
dialog: Just get your butt down here. If
dialog: I'm not at the shindig downstairs
dialog: go to the room. It's 2203. You
dialog: writin'?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT
text: On Lenny, at the table. He dabs his finger in the blood
text: on the ice pack and writes the number on the table top.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: 2-2-0-3. Got it. Stay on her.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: I intend to.
text: Lenny punches END. Mace looks at the number written in
text: blood on the white formica. Her eyes ratchet up, boring
text: into Lenny. Not noticing, he gets up, still woozy, and
text: staggers to his wardrobe bag across the room.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Okay, we gotta get over there.
dialog: (opens the bag)
dialog: Can you borrow a dress from Cecile
dialog: or something--
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: I'm not going.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Whatya mean? We're going! Tran's
dialog: gonna do her right there unless--
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Lenny... shutup. Just park your
dialog: mouth and listen. It's a set-up.
dialog: Think about it! Why's he been
dialog: sending you tapes? To freak you,
dialog: get you to rush in without thinking.
dialog: Then they put one in you, put one in
dialog: her, put the gun in your hand...
dialog: crime of passion. This guy's bent
dialog: enough to think of that.
text: Lenny nods, hearing what she is saying.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: That sounds right.
dialog: (but it changes
dialog: nothing)
dialog: I'm going.
text: He reaches into his wardrobe bag... pulling out the box of
text: "Faith" tapes and setting it aside, then pulling out the
text: suit. Mace's frustration explodes as anger.
text: She grabs his shoebox full of tapes. Holds them up to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: You gonna get yourself killed for
dialog: this? This toxic-waste bitch!
text: She dumps the box of tapes on the floor. She starts
text: stomping on them with one heel, crunching several into
dialog: junk.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: What the fuck are you doing?!
text: Lenny freaks out and scrambles to pick them up, trying to
text: stop her, push her away. They struggle for a pathetic,
dialog: tragic moment.
text: Mace snaps. She grabs him by the lapels and swings him
text: around, slamming him back against a wall.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Lenny! This is your life, Lenny!
dialog: Right here. Right now. This is
dialog: realtime... not playback. Real...
dialog: time. Time to get real. Understand
dialog: what I'm saying... she doesn't love
dialog: you. Maybe she did once, I don't
dialog: know, but she doesn't now. These
dialog: are used emotions. It's time to
dialog: trade them in.
text: Mace's tone becomes more gentle. We see that her outburst
text: is, beneath it all, coming from a place of compassion.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Lenny, memories were meant to fade.
dialog: They're designed that way for a
dialog: reason.
text: Lenny seems to crumple. He knows he has to let go. But
dialog: it is so painful.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Have you ever been in love with
dialog: somebody who didn't return that
dialog: love?
dialog: Mace gives him a look like, jeez Lenny, are you dumb
dialog: sometimes.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Yeah. Lenny. I have.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: It didn't stop you from loving them.
dialog: Right? Or understanding them, or
dialog: being able to forgive them...
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: And it didn't stop you from wanting
dialog: to protect them. Did it?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: No. It didn't.
text: Lenny's eyes are brimming with tears. He makes no attempt
dialog: to hide it... doesn't brush them away.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I worked Vice, Narcotics... Violent
dialog: Crimes... and I saw every known
dialog: depravity. I was lost, Mace. In
dialog: outer darkness. Then I busted this
dialog: strung-out little teeny-hooker.
dialog: When I met Faith she was just
dialog: another runaway giving twenty dollar
dialog: blowjobs to buy crank. Another lost
dialog: soul.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: You never told me.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: But she was different. There was a
dialog: light in her eyes... and she had
dialog: this voice. It was scary, all that
dialog: pain coming out of that little body.
dialog: Like she could take all the hurt and
dialog: rage of the entire world and lift it
dialog: up to heaven in one voice. I helped
dialog: her. And I promised her that I'd
dialog: always be there... to protect her.
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: See? It's not about what's in her
dialog: head. It's what's in mine. I can't
dialog: let go of the promise. It's...
dialog: like... it's all I have left.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: No, it's not.
text: Mace takes his face in her hands. She kisses him lightly
text: on the cheek, where the tear-track is.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Come on, Lenny. Let's go to a
dialog: party.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET AND BONAVENTURE HOTEL - NIGHT
dialog: 11:07 P.M.
text: IT IS THE MOTHER OF ALL PARTIES. IN AN AERIAL SHOT we see
text: there must be 100,000 people jamming the closed streets of
text: downtown L.A. Arc lights sweep the sky. There are two
text: outdoor bandstands, with live music pounding. There are
text: lasers, strobe-lights. People are literally dancing in
dialog: the streets... if they can move at all. Huge projection
text: video screens are set up all over the place.
dialog: LA is connected to other cities all over the world by
dialog: satellite, sharing in the celebration in different time
text: zones. The excitement has been building all evening as
text: midnight sweeps across the country toward the West Coast.
text: It looks like a U2 concert 10 blocks long: a multimedia
dialog: blow-out.
text: Madness in the streets. And Lenny and Mace are stuck in
dialog: it. The Civic can't move in the middle of this millennial
text: Mardi Gras. People swarm around, pounding on the Civic as
text: they go by, or press their faces against the glass. It
dialog: may be the party of the century, but it looks like the
dialog: middle of a third world revolution.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: That's it. Let's bail.
text: And she's out of the car, leaving the keys, ignoring the
text: protesting horns behind her. And we see that she's
text: wearing a short black cocktail dress. Lenny comes around
text: the car, through the wild crowd. He's in his other suit.
dialog: Snappy.
text: Mace unselfconsciously hikes up her dress and slips her
text: .380 auto into a holster velcroed to her leg. She pulls
dialog: the dress down and you can't see the gun, hidden between
dialog: her upper thighs.
text: In fact, it looks like she couldn't be concealing a
text: quarter anywhere on her body. The dress is cut low at the
text: top and high at the bottom, showing plenty of muscular
text: legs. High heels doing great things for her calves. Her
text: braids now loose and full, like a mane.
text: Lenny glances at Mace and does a double take. He is
dialog: caught by a sudden realization:
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Mace... you're a girl.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Good, Lenny. I can see why the
dialog: detective gig didn't work out. Come
dialog: on.
text: They push their way through the swirling mass of humanity.
text: Mace moving like a wedge, security training coming to the
text: fore. The whole street is vacuum-packed with people.
text: Filled with cars deserted in the general euphoria, an
text: unparted Red Sea of man and machine.
dialog: They will move through the various strata of society as
text: they work their way in to the party's inner sanctum. It
dialog: is like all of LA, from poorest to richest, compressed
text: into a few square blocks. There are cops everywhere.
text: Cops on motorcycles, cops in cars, cops in riot gear.
text: Lenny scopes out the security at the front entrance...
dialog: metal detectors, cops... plus you have to have a 500
dialog: dollar-a-plate ticket.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Got your ticket?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: No. They must have sent it to my
dialog: beach house by mistake.
text: Lenny motions toward the back of the hotel and Mace
text: follows. They pass a uniformed cop who is standing thirty
text: feet away, his back to them.
text: REVERSE ANGLE: It is SPREG. His black eyes scan the
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL KITCHEN
text: ON LENNY AND MACE moving with purpose through the vast
dialog: steaming factory of the kitchen where a thousand dinners
text: are being prepared. They are ignored by the bustling
dialog: staff.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BALLROOM
text: Lenny and Mace emerge from a service door into the
text: glitterati crowd, heading into the ballroom.
text: They scan the room.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: You see Tran?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Uh unh.
text: Lenny whips out his cellular and recalls Max's number. He
text: hears the phone connect. It starts to ring.
text: LENNY'S POV... as the crowd parts for a moment. He sees
text: PALMER STRICKLAND talking to a city-hall type. Lenny
text: turns away before Strickland sees him.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (to the ringing
dialog: phone)
dialog: Come on, Max. Come on, buddy...
dialog: (two more rings)
dialog: Damnit.
text: He looks around now. Starting to feel the creeping edge
dialog: of panic. No Tran. No Max.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Alright. We're going up.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: And do what? Take on his whole
dialog: posse?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I still got one ace to play. Tran's
dialog: got what I want... and I've got what
dialog: he wants...
text: Lenny pulls the Jeriko tape out of his breast-pocket and
text: holds it up. Mace just stares at him completely outraged.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: That's the original. There are no
dialog: copies.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (not getting it)
dialog: Exactly. That's why it's a make-
dialog: able deal.
text: Mace gets very, very close to Lenny, and her voice drops
text: to an odd, cold... lethal-sounding... growl.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Look. That tape is a lightning bolt
dialog: from God. It's worth more than you,
dialog: more than me, more than Faith. You
dialog: understand? It can change things.
dialog: Things that need changing before we
dialog: all go off the end of the road. And
dialog: you do not have the right to use it
dialog: for currency.
dialog: (Lenny's eyes are
dialog: wide)
dialog: You go... you go alone. This is
dialog: where I draw the line. I care about
dialog: you Lenny... a lot more than you
dialog: know... which makes us both pretty
dialog: stupid. But you pawn that tape, you
dialog: mean nothing to me.
dialog: Lenny doesn't know what to say. Tough choice. He
text: clenches his jaw...
text: And turns away. He strides into the crowd, heading for
text: the lobby and the elevators.
text: ON MACE, watching him go. Wanting to run and stop him.
dialog: But she's said what there is to say. She turns away,
text: desolate and churning with emotion. The moment lengthens
text: as she wrestles with it. You see her fury, her sadness...
text: and her protective instincts. Her resolve fails her.
text: Ultimately, she must protect him if she can.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Ah, hell. Lenny--
text: She turns, running toward the lobby. And...
text: BOOM. Slams into him. He came back.
text: Lenny takes her hand and puts the tape in her palm.
text: Closes her fingers on it.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: See that guy?
dialog: (pointing)
text: The one with the ramrod up his ass.
dialog: That's Strickland.
text: Mace follows his look to Strickland, across the room.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Take it to him.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: A cop? You want me to trust a cop?!
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: No. Trust me.
text: He unclips his playback deck from his belt and hands it to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (nodding slowly)
dialog: Oh boy.
dialog: (she takes a deep
dialog: breath)
dialog: What if you're wrong?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Then we'll be right where we are
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Yeah, right. Fucked.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BONAVENTURE ELEVATOR
text: It is a glass-cage scenic elevator, running up the outside
text: of the building. 10th floor. The last passengers step
text: out. When the doors whoosh closed and Lenny's left alone
text: there's only the sound of Muzak Christmas carols. The
text: elevator rises, the lights of LA spread out below. He is
text: hyperventilating.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BALLROOM
text: Mace threads her way past tables circling a dance floor
text: full of dancers and makes her way through celebs air-
dialog: kissing each other.
text: But as she gets near Strickland's table, he stands up and
text: excuses himself. He starts toward the men's room. And
text: Mace follows him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM/HOTEL
text: A few guys in tuxes tending to themselves. Strickland
text: enters, crossing to a urinal. He unzips.
text: Mace steps up beside him. Guys behind her looking on,
text: slack-jawed. Mace pays no attention to them. Strickland,
text: stern and flinty-eyed, raises one eyebrow.
speaker_heading: STRICKLAND
dialog: Yes?
text: She puts the playback deck on top of Strickland's urinal.
text: He scowls.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: There's a tape in there you need to
dialog: see. I mean right now.
text: While see is looking at Strickland, a young LAPD OFFICER
text: comes out of a stall, and goes to the sink. He glances in
dialog: the mirror at Mace.
speaker_heading: STRICKLAND
dialog: If it wasn't New Year's Eve, I'd
dialog: arrest you for possession of illegal
dialog: equipment--
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Just look at the tape! You want to
dialog: know who killed Jeriko One? Go in
text: the stall right now and hit Play.
text: The young cop steps up behind her.
speaker_heading: YOUNG COP
dialog: Sir, is there a problem here?
text: Mace turns. Oh shit. She backs away from them.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Damn! I knew it--
text: Strickland motions with his eyes and the cop grabs for
text: her. Mace twists viciously out of his grip, knocks him
text: down and vanishes out the door.
text: STRICKLAND hefts the recorder, pondering it. His
dialog: expression is opaque.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY/BONAVENTURE HOTEL
text: Lenny comes out of the elevator. Standing at the corner,
text: where he can watch the elevators and the corridor, is Wade
text: Beemer. Lenny doesn't break stride. Just walks toward
text: Beemer. He's not afraid anymore. He's pissed off.
text: Beemer moves toward him.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Now, Wade, can we talk here, like
dialog: two human beings--
dialog: We think he's starting the usual negotiation. But when he
text: gets in range he lets fly with a line-drive right,
text: straight into Beemer's face. We're talking a John Wayne
text: haymaker punch. He staggers back, surprised and dazed,
text: and Lenny knees him right in the gut as hard as he can.
text: He drops to his knees, sucking wind. Lenny draws his
text: Glock and puts it behind Beemer's ear, pulling a pair of
dialog: handcuffs off his belt. Okay, we're starting to believe
dialog: he might have been a cop once.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: It's not personal.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM
text: Mace, moving fast as she can through the crowd and past
dialog: the tables when...
text: ... she's grabbed by DUNCAN. He gets her in a good tight
dialog: come-along. Like any good security person, the hold is
text: not so obvious that the party around them is disrupted.
text: VITA MINH steps up next to her, closing ranks.
text: MACE IS WALKED around behind the bandstand. Joey Corto
text: walks up to her, looking mean and smug.
text: Mace twists one hand free and snaps it out in a blur. Her
text: open palm breaks Corto's nose with an audible crunch.
text: Corto screams and grabs his face.
speaker_heading: CORTO
dialog: Aw, not the fucking nose!!
text: She slams her foot down on Duncan's instep and snaps her
text: head back simultaneously in a reverse head-butt. He keeps
text: the hold. Mace drives her free hand back into the
dialog: approximate position of his nuts. Even though Duncan
text: looks like he bench-presses Buicks, this has the desired
dialog: effect.
text: Mace jerks away from him, shoving him back through a
text: buffet table. Vita draws a knife in a lightning move
dialog: but...
text: Suddenly Mace is standing there with her dress hiked up
text: and her pistol straight-armed, with the muzzle right in
text: her face. Vita says the smartest line of the night.
speaker_heading: VITA
dialog: Hey, enjoy the party.
text: Mace spins and sprints through dumbfounded glitterati, her
text: gun innocuously tight to her side. She spots a red "Exit"
text: sign above a fire door and goes through.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL AND PENTHOUSE/BONAVENTURE
text: Lenny closes the stairwell door, giving us a quick glimpse
text: of Beemer handcuffed to the steel railing. Lenny moves
text: down the empty corridor.
text: He approaches suite 2203. The door is ajar. Always a bad
dialog: sign.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Mace finds herself back in the millennium madness, among
text: the street crowd who don't even notice her. She holsters
text: the gun and moves away from possible pursuit. The sky
text: explodes with purple light as huge fireworks go off
text: overhead. A crack like thunder follows. Then more
dialog: flashes.
text: The countdown to midnight has begun. The party is
text: building to a crescendo. It seems to have a surreal,
text: nightmarish quality. She passes a MIME in a clock suit,
text: who keeps adjusting the hands closer to midnight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUITE 2203
text: As Lenny enters the suite. It is very quiet. Dark.
text: Lenny's heart is pounding. He moves through the luxurious
text: suite, gun in the low-ready position.
text: Lenny can barely breathe from the tension. He notices
text: that one balcony door is open. The roar of the crowd
text: comes in like the sound of surf from far below. Fireworks
text: explode across the sky, and the cheers sound like distant
dialog: screams of slaughter.
text: His feet crunch on broken glass... a shattered champagne
text: bottle. A lamp is knocked over. He reaches the door to
text: the bedroom and looks in. The room is empty. The bed is
text: unmade, the bedspread and sheet pulled off. This isn't
dialog: right. None of this is right.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET PARTY/HOTEL
text: Mace is scanning warily as she circles the hotel, looking
text: for a way back in. She turns and sees ENGELMAN in the
text: crowd, not twenty feet from her. He is looking right at
text: her. Not recognizing her for a moment. Then... he
dialog: realizes who she is.
text: He starts toward her and Mace pushes people out of the
text: way, breaking into a run. Engelman charges after her,
text: pulling out his rover to call Spreg.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE/BONAVENTURE
text: Lenny looks back at the living room. Suddenly he notices
text: something on the coffee table. It is an envelope, with
text: NERO hand-printed on it. He is drawn to it, hypnotically.
dialog: He opens it...
text: ... and with a nightmarish sense of destiny a SQUID TAPE
text: falls out into his hand.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Now both Spreg and Engelman are stalking Mace through the
text: crowd. Spreg catches a glimpse of her running and he
text: charges after her, like a bull, with his gun drawn. He
text: hammers through anybody that gets in his way.
text: Mace kicks off her high heels and goes flat out, an Indian
dialog: runner.
text: Sprinting through the crowd, she sees an apparition ahead
text: of her... a guy wearing Death's Head make-up and a black
text: shroud, carrying a huge cardboard scythe in one hand and a
text: doll (New Year's Baby) in the other. Death watches her
dialog: pass.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE/BONAVENTURE
text: LENNY, moving as if he's in a trance, puts the trodes on
text: his head. TIGHT ON THE PLAY BUTTON as his finger punches
dialog: down.
text: IN POV we approach room 2203. It is the familiar
text: monochromatic vision of the killer. Our hands open the
text: door quietly with a keycard. We enter the suite.
text: Some of the lights are on. We see Faith out on the
text: balcony. Watching the sea of madness below. She comes
text: back in, carrying an empty champagne glass. She grabs a
text: bottle off an end-table and up-ends it. Empty. She hurls
text: it across the room, and it shatters against the wall.
text: We approach her, standing with her back to us. Closer.
text: Only a few feet now. She whips around, startled. Gasping
text: loudly. But then... she recognizes the wearer.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Oh. I didn't hear you come in.
text: THE RECORDING STOPS, in a blast of static. Lenny jerks at
text: the discontinuity in the input, he is so keyed up.
text: THE RECORDING RESTARTS: A new image resolves out of
text: static. Faith is pushed roughly down on the bed. We
text: climb onto the bed, straddling her, and she gasps. We
text: turn her onto her back.
text: She has been blindfolded. The Wearer goes SSSHHH. A
text: warning. Like the hiss of a snake. Our hands seize her
text: wrists and handcuff them one by one to the iron frame at
text: the head of the bed.
text: The hands go out of sight and then reappear holding a set
text: of trodes. They are placed on her head... the spidery
text: gecko-hand device almost disappearing in her black hair.
text: LENNY'S guts have turned to water. He is shaking his head
dialog: in horror...
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: No, no, no...
text: IN POV we see one of our hands come up holding the yellow
text: plastic razor knife. The blade clicks out to its full
dialog: length.
text: Our hands reach down and slowly slit her dress open,
text: starting between her breasts and going down out of sight.
text: She groans, squirming away from the cold knife. The
text: killer's hands open the material, exposing her white body,
text: which in his peculiar vision is pure ivory. The knife
text: deftly cuts off her panties.
text: We unbuckle our pants and reach for her, grasping her
text: hips, pulling her to us.
text: ON LENNY, gagging. Overcome by revulsion and horror,
text: mixing obscenely with the pleasure flooding into him from
dialog: the tape.
text: BACK TO POV as we pull our belt out of the belt loops of
text: our pants and wrap it around Faith's neck. Faith begins
text: to pant in tiny rapid breaths. We tighten the belt
dialog: slowly.
text: LENNY tears the trodes from his head. He clutches his
text: stomach, gasping for breath. Carrying the playback deck,
text: he staggers into the bedroom... to the bed. He stares
text: wildly around the room.
text: One whole wall of the bedroom is mirrored. In the mirror
text: he spots a shape, on the floor beyond the bed. It is
text: covered in the bed sheet, but it is clearly a human form,
text: propped up against the wall on the far side of the night
text: stand. He missed it in his earlier look from the bedroom
dialog: door.
text: Lenny moves around the bed and reaches down to the foot of
text: the figure, grasping the edge of the sheet with a
text: trembling hand. With horrified apprehension he pulls on
dialog: the sheet.
text: It reveals the head and upper body of... Tran Vo.
text: The last thing he expected. Lenny leans close and sees
text: that Tran is breathing shallowly, but his eyes are vacant.
text: He looks like Tick did.
text: Lenny sits on the bed and puts the trodes back on. The
text: fireworks and screaming outside sound like some
text: nightmarish war, like the sound of the world coming to an
dialog: end. But all Lenny cares about is what's on the tape. He
text: hits PLAY.
text: THE POV CONTINUES where it left off. Faith's body lurches
text: with the Wearer's thrusts. His hand tightens the belt.
text: Lenny feels the climax building.
text: Faith's body shakes as the killer comes... she cries out
dialog: herself, in pain... or is it? The killers hand releases
text: the belt. We see Faith gasping for breath and moaning.
text: Suddenly the POV whips sideways to the mirrored closet
text: doors along one wall. In the mirror is a reflection of
text: the bed and on it Faith. And on her...
dialog: ... MAX.
text: Pants down, her legs pulled up around him. They are both
text: gasping for breath, spent, following their shattering
text: orgasms. He runs his hands over her sweat-slick belly.
text: LENNY is stunned beyond his power to imagine. He does not
dialog: have the strength or the will to stop the tape.
text: IN POV Max's hands remove her blindfold. She looks right
text: at us, still gasping with the aftershocks of her pleasure.
text: Max's hands undo the handcuffs, freeing her. She reaches
text: for us, her eyes glittering with sated lust. We slump
text: forward onto her, and her face fills the POV.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: I love you.
text: Lenny is reeling with these revelations. His best friend
dialog: is the killer. And the woman he loved loves him. But the
dialog: tape is not over...
text: THE POV CONTINUES as Max's eyes whip around in response to
text: a sound behind them. The bedroom door is opening. Tran
text: is standing there, stunned. Maybe the first time he's
dialog: ever been surprised in his life. What a way to start.
text: Like lightning we are off the bed snatching our .45 from
text: the night stand and whipping around... putting the muzzle
text: right in Tran's face. We pull him roughly across the
text: room, too stunned to resist.
speaker_heading: TRAN
dialog: You're going to die, you're both
dialog: going to fucking die.
text: We slam him back against the mirror wall and jam the
text: muzzle of the gun right in his mouth: a deadly gag. Using
text: the gun we push him down until he is sitting on the floor
text: with his back to the mirror.
text: Our eyes whip to Faith. She is freaking out. We see
text: Max's reflection in the mirror as he talks to her, talking
dialog: fast.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: This piece of puke hired me to kill
dialog: you, baby. Do you believe that?
dialog: Isn't that right, Tran? You
dialog: pinhead.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Oh my God. I don't believe this is
dialog: happening.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Believe it. Now bring me the
dialog: trodes, baby. Come on, quick.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: What're you going to do?
text: Still in a kind of stupor, she hands him the trodes. Max
text: puts the trodes on Tran's head, then pulls something out
text: of his pocket. It is a booster box. He plugs it into the
text: deck. He takes the gain control and cranks it all the way
text: up. He's setting up a cook-off. Tran's eyes go wide when
text: he figures that out, starts to splutter.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: You can't just... kill him.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm not. Just a little poach job.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Hey, he was going to kill you. And
dialog: this ratfuck paid to have Iris
dialog: killed, to save his own sorry ass.
text: Tran freaks at that point but Max jams the gun deep into
text: his throat, up to the trigger guard, choking off his
dialog: words.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You shut the fuck up, right now,
dialog: I'm gonna pull this fuckin' trigger!
text: K-BANG! Faith shrieks, thinking Max shot him. But it's
dialog: just the start of the fireworks outside (remember all this
dialog: has already happened relative to Lenny entering the
dialog: suite).
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Look, baby, it's now of never... the
dialog: guy is a known input junkie, so a
dialog: little OD won't surprise anybody.
dialog: It's the only way we can be
dialog: together. You know it's true.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: My God.
dialog: We don't know if her reaction is to the horror of what is
dialog: about to happen, or to the realization that she has the
dialog: capacity to let it happen.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Here's how much I love you, baby.
text: She stares, transfixed, as Max reaches for the deck. He
text: punches PLAY. Max puts his hand over Tran's mouth to
text: muffle his screams as the input hits his brain like a
text: screaming chainsaw of static from Hell. The screaming
text: outside, the pandemonium, give the moment a special
dialog: madness.
text: The POV turns, looking out the window... staring fixedly
text: at burst after burst of brilliant fireworks. Like the
text: fireworks inside Tran's head.
speaker_heading: THE TAPE ENDS.
text: Lenny takes off the trodes. He is wrung out, drenched
text: with sweat. We see that there is a figure standing in the
text: doorway behind him. Lenny turns, not surprised to see Max
text: there with his .45 aimed at Lenny's chest. Max's surgical
text: gloves look incongruous with his tux.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Don't make any assumptions about our
dialog: friendship, Lenny.
text: Lenny stands up, slowly.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: No. I suppose not. I didn't know
dialog: you were colorblind, Max.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Only way I could stand your ties.
text: Max moves up to him cautiously, and takes the Glock out of
text: Lenny's waistband.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'll have that. Glock 22. Nice.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Where's Faith?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I sent her to the party. I figured
dialog: I'd wait up here until you killed
dialog: Tran.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: What makes you think I'm gonna kill
dialog: Tran?
text: Max looks out the window at the fireworks. Waits for a
text: flash, knowing that the bang will follow. Keeping his own
text: .45 on Lenny, he aims Lenny's Glock at the catatonic Tran.
text: BLAM! One right into Tran's forehead. The crack of
text: thunder from the fireworks masks the sound.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You just did.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Jesus!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You know, statistically that's the
dialog: second most common word people say
dialog: right before they die. Shit being
dialog: number one.
text: Max sticks Lenny's Glock in his waistband, keeping his own
text: .45 trained on Lenny. Lenny knows the next bullet is for
dialog: him. He does what he does best... talk.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: So... I killed Tran. Then you ran
dialog: in, being on his payroll, and shot
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: That's pretty much the way it
dialog: happened.
text: CUT TO FAITH in the living room, moving silently up to the
text: edge of the door frame. She looks through the crack
text: between the door and the jam. Her POV: Max with the gun
dialog: on Lenny.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Wait a minute. Now I'm remembering.
dialog: I killed Iris too, didn't I?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: That's right. They'll find the
dialog: original of her snuff clip in your
dialog: apartment. The one I left for you
dialog: at the club was a copy.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Was I a really busy guy? Did I do
dialog: Tick too?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You bet. Did you like it?
text: Lenny drops the cutesy role.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: So why Max... why d'ya have to do
dialog: Iris? She never hurt anybody.
text: CU FAITH, reacting to this.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Picture it... I feel like I gotta
dialog: share this with somebody. It's too
dialog: perfect.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I won't say anything.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I know. So, I'm working for this
dialog: puke, right? And he says he'll pay
dialog: me quite large to do the hooker.
dialog: But also I gotta do his bitch
dialog: girlfriend cause she knows the whole
dialog: score and she's totally out of
dialog: control.
text: Lenny nods. Starting to see it.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Only he doesn't know about me and
dialog: Faith. So I say to myself, if I
dialog: turn the job down, he just gets
dialog: somebody else. And I lose Faith...
dialog: to coin a phrase. So to buy time, I
dialog: do the skank. I still gotta do
dialog: something about Tran... I figure
dialog: it's him or me... but I can't cap
dialog: him without a chump to take the
dialog: fall. And who better than his
dialog: girlfriend's loser ex-boyfriend... a
dialog: known criminal... who has been seen
dialog: hassling them in public numerous
dialog: times.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: And who was, regrettably, also your
dialog: best fucking friend.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No plan is perfect, Lenny. Hey,
dialog: cheer up. World's gonna end in ten
dialog: minutes anyway.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: You must be so pleased, I followed
dialog: your jellybean trail right here,
dialog: like a good little chump.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You got froggy on me a couple times.
dialog: CUT TO: The Underground Garage, where Tick has been
text: cooked-off. We see Max running his number on Mace and
dialog: Lenny. Lenny buying it.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: I thought that riff about the Death
dialog: Squad was pretty good. I hadda keep
dialog: you from bringing the cops into it.
text: AND BACK again to REAL TIME.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: So there never was a death squad.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Naawww.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Just those two loose-cannon cops
text: running around covering their butts.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yeah. Pretty zany, huh? All this
dialog: shit caused by a random traffic
dialog: stop. Hey... nothing means nothing.
dialog: You know that. Look around... the
dialog: whole planet's in total chaos. You
dialog: gotta take what you can, while you
dialog: can. Cause some shitbird can come
dialog: up and put a fuckin' .22 in the back
dialog: a your head any second.
text: CUT TO: A brief, violent flash from the Jeriko tape: Spreg
dialog: shoots Jeriko.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: How did you hook up with Faith?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: This dink hires me a month ago to
dialog: eyeball her, right? But Faith knows
dialog: me from you, right, so she comes up
dialog: to me and says, 'Hey Max why you
dialog: following me?' I say, 'I'll buy you
dialog: a drink and explain.' And she says...
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: 'So, do you enjoy watching me?'
text: Max turns and sees her in the doorway.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You were supposed to go downstairs,
dialog: baby.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: I know. I don't always do exactly
dialog: what I'm told.
dialog: (she walks slowly
dialog: toward them)
dialog: So I said, 'Do you enjoy watching
dialog: me?' And you said -- come on Max.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I said, 'Yeah. I'd even do it for
dialog: free.'
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Uh huh. And I said, 'That's good,
dialog: because I like the feeling of
dialog: someone watching me. I acquired
dialog: the taste from Lenny.'
text: Lenny looks between Faith and Max, feeling like the
dialog: asshole of the western world. Faith moves up close to
text: Max. She puts her hands lightly on his shoulders,
text: caressing them. Max grins, realizing she is 100% with
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (to Lenny)
dialog: And then she said, 'Since we're
dialog: going to be spending so much time
dialog: together--'
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: 'We might as well make the best of
dialog: it.'
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (crushed)
dialog: Jesus, Faith.
text: Faith runs her hands appreciatively over Max's shoulders
text: and arms. Then, in an eyeblink, she grabs his forearm in
text: both hands and deflects the gun.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Lenny!!
text: Lenny jumps in, wrestling Max for the gun. Faith pulls
text: the Glock out of Max's waistband and throws it across the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Fucking bitch!!
text: BLAM! BLAM! Max fires wildly, trying to hit Lenny, who
text: is just barely keeping the muzzle out of his face. Faith
text: grabs Max's hair, trying to pull him away...
text: His "hair" comes off in her hands. A prosthetic wig,
text: containing the squid-net array. Max's head is shaved to a
text: Sinead O'Connor stubble. He looks demonic, grimacing with
text: effort as he struggles with Lenny.
text: He continues firing. The shots hit the mirrors. ANGLES
dialog: of the reflected images of them shattering. Faith,
text: screaming, reflected, her face fragmenting into shards.
text: The crystal chandelier shatters, reigning glassy snow on
dialog: them from above.
dialog: Max is stronger and heavier than Lenny, but Lenny has one
dialog: advantage: Max has managed to make him really angry.
text: Lenny gives a guttural cry and drives Max backward into
text: the doorframe. They tumble together into the living room,
text: falling together over the couch. Lenny pounds Max's hand
text: against the glass coffee table, shattering it. He forces
text: Max's hand along a glass edge, cutting it, and Max drops
text: the gun. Lenny reaches for it, but Max kicks it away a
text: split-second before his hand touches it. It skitters
text: under the couch, out of play.
text: Max punches Lenny brutally in the face, then in the gut,
text: and grabs him with both hands. He hurls him against the
text: wall. Lenny staggers off the wall into several vicious
text: punches from Max. We feel the tide turning. Lenny goes
dialog: down to one knee.
text: Max pulls out his knife and flicks it open. Lenny throws
text: a lamp. Max ducks and charges through. Lenny spins away
dialog: from the downthrust.
text: The knife embeds itself in his shoulder blade, sunk into
text: the bone. Lenny punches Max in the throat and jerks away,
text: pulling the knife handle out of Max's hand. Max tackles
text: him and they crash together through a sliding glass door
text: onto the balcony. Explosion of flying glass.
text: Max pulls a dazed Lenny to his feet and rushes him
text: backward toward the railing. At the last instant, Lenny
text: twists with all his strength and spins Max into the
text: railing, using his weight against him. He pushes hard and
text: Max topples.
text: As he is going over, Max grabs Lenny's tie, pulling him
text: over. Max is dangling 12 stories above the oblivious
text: crowd, his entire weight hanging from Lenny's tie. Lenny
text: has one arm and one foot hooked around the railing, and he
text: is being strangled by the tie.
text: Lenny is starting to black out. In agony he gropes with
text: his free hand to his own shoulder blade, finding the
text: handle of the knife. He jerks it out of himself. Max
text: sees it coming a split second before it happens.
text: Lenny slashes the knife across the tie, just above Max's
dialog: hands.
text: Max takes the express elevator to Hell. He hits 12
text: stories down, on top of a video truck.
text: Lenny stands there panting, bleeding down the back of his
text: jacket. Faith runs to the railing and looks down. All
text: the strength goes out of her legs. She sags to the floor.
text: Fireworks continue to boom across the sky.
text: Lenny looks down at her, gazing at the object of his
text: quest. She looks up at him, her wet eyes seemingly at the
text: bottom of a deep well from which he cannot save her.
text: He turns and walks away. It's hard. But he keeps
dialog: walking.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: DOWN BELOW, in the madness of the crowd, we move with
text: Spreg as he searches for Mace. He sees her from behind,
text: walking near one of the stages. He moves up behind her,
text: aiming his pistol at the back of her head. She turns
dialog: and...
text: ... it isn't Mace. Another girl in a similar dress.
text: Spreg curses and looks around.
text: Engelman catches a glimpse of Mace running. He points to
text: her position and Spreg charges after her. He has his
text: baton laid back along his forearm and is clubbing people
text: out of the way as he runs.
text: Mace sprints barefoot through the crowd, pushing people
text: out of her way. Strobe-lights from the stage and flashes
text: from the fireworks give the crowd a nightmarish look.
text: Spreg fires at her. People drop, their screams drowned
text: out by the pandemonium. The gunshots don't register above
text: the concussions from the fireworks. No one notices the
text: shootings. Spreg continues to fire, missing her as people
text: block his shots. Mace won't fire back in the crowd.
text: ON SPREG, coming to a stop at the base of a lighting
text: tower. He has lost sight of her. He starts to reload his
text: pistol. Mace comes up to him silently from behind the
text: tower and hammer punches him behind the ear with the butt
dialog: of her pistol.
text: Spreg comes around with a roar, slamming the baton across
text: her forearm. Her .380 clatters to the ground. Mace
text: bodyslams him back against the steel tower, smashing her
text: palm up under his chin. His head raps off the metal.
text: Mace is like a she-panther. She rips the baton out of his
text: hands and cracks him once across the windpipe. He drops
text: to his knees, gagging and unable to breathe.
text: A shot hits the metal space-frame next to her head. She
text: spins to see Engelman, charging toward her. Before he can
text: fire again she drops behind the kneeling, gasping Spreg,
text: using him as a human wall. She clamps an arm around his
text: neck, controlling him, and pulls his tazer from his belt.
text: She shoots Engelman in the chest from 8 feet. He
text: convulses and drops instantly to the pavement, flopping
text: like a fish. She holds the current on him while she goes
text: over and kicks his gun away.
text: She takes Engelman's cuffs from his belt. Spreg glares at
text: her through the blood running into his eyes. She raises
dialog: the baton.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: All the way down! RIGHT NOW!!
text: He slowly drops to the pavement, face down. Now that
text: she's got them both proned out, she quickly handcuffs one
text: of Spreg's hands to one of Engelman's.
text: The crowd of partiers stares. Can't believe what they're
text: seeing. Mace takes Spreg's cuffs and attaches his other
text: wrist to the base of the tower. That's when THREE LAPD
text: COPS in riot gear burst through the surrounding crowd and
text: see a black girl crouching over two of LA's finest with a
text: police baton. The cops advance toward her.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Wait. Let me tell you what's going
dialog: on here--
text: The nearest shoots her with a tazer. She spasms and goes
text: to her hands and knees. One of the cops kicks her down.
text: She cries out, trying to explain, but she can't get the
text: breath as the batons start to fall. The crowd around them
text: watches fascinated, gasping.
text: Mace sees another cop arrive and start to uncuff Spreg.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: NO!! NO!!!
text: They crack her with their batons, telling her to stay
text: down. Another one kicks her in the stomach.
text: A BLACK KID in the crowd leaps onto one of the kicking
dialog: cops.
text: And then they come out of the crowd... one, then three,
dialog: then half a dozen. Just normal people... black, white,
dialog: Latino people... that can't watch this happen any more.
text: They jump the cops, swarming them, wrestling them down.
text: It becomes a brawl.
text: Then cops are running in from everywhere. We see the
text: trigger point of a full-scale riot. Cops in full riot-
text: gear, with Lexan shields, push the crowd back, clearing a
text: space. A helicopter XENON comes straight down from above,
dialog: like the divine light of God.
text: Mace hugs herself, at the center of it, unable to get up.
text: Within seconds there are twenty cops there, and more on
text: the way, forming a human wall. They get the crowd settled
dialog: down.
text: Through the phalanx of riot cops comes Palmer Strickland
text: and several ranking officers. He surveys the scene.
text: Strickland looks down at Mace and then at Spreg and
text: Engelman, who are getting to their knees, though still
text: handcuffed to each other and the steel tower. The beat
text: extends... Strickland unreadable, face stern as Moses.
dialog: Then...
text: He points at the two prone cops.
speaker_heading: STRICKLAND
dialog: (to the nearest
dialog: officers)
dialog: These two are under arrest for
dialog: murder.
text: Strickland looks Spreg in the eye and holds up Lenny's
text: squid tape. Spreg and Engelman react, knowing they are
text: over. The helicopter Xenon gives the whole moment an
dialog: otherworldly quality. Like they are in some celestial
dialog: court of judgment.
speaker_heading: STRICKLAND
dialog: Get some medical attention for this
dialog: woman.
text: Lenny pushes through from behind Strickland. He runs to
text: Mace and kneels next to her.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Are you okay?
text: A trickle of blood runs down her face. She nods weakly
text: and reaches for him. They hug, then they both wince in
text: pain. Mace sees the cops running in to arrest Spreg and
text: Engelman. One of them unhooks Spreg from the tower.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: I got 'em, Lenny.
text: ENGELMAN LUNGES, grabbing a gun from the holster of the
text: closest cop. He waves them back with it. Then puts it in
text: his mouth and fires.
text: He topples against Spreg, spraying him with his spurting
text: blood. Spreg clutches him, lowering him to the ground,
dialog: bathing in his blood. You see him going insane, right at
text: that moment. His face is suddenly demonic.
text: SPREG, the street-monster cop, RISES IN SLOW MOTION. His
text: glare is fixed on Lenny and Mace. He has Engelman's gun
text: in one blood-drenched hand.
text: Lifting the dead weight of Engelman by the handcuff, he
text: begins to drag the body, lurching toward Mace. He keeps
text: the pistol down along his side. Spreg exists at the
text: center of a circle of cops who don't know what to do. He
dialog: has a gun so they can't rush him. But he's a cop, so they
text: can't shoot him. Several officers shout at him to drop
dialog: the weapon. You barely hear them over the pandemonium of
text: the crowd, the helicopter, the fireworks.
speaker_heading: LENNY
speaker_heading: SHOOT!
text: Like a scene from a nightmare the blood-drenched Spreg,
text: completely unhinged, lurches toward them. Engelman's body
text: slides over the ground, leaving a snail-track of blood a
dialog: foot wide.
speaker_heading: SPREG
dialog: YOU FUCKING NIGGER BITCH!!
text: He raises Engelman's pistol, points it at her and...
text: Lenny throws himself across her, turning his back to take
dialog: the fire, and...
text: POW POW POW! The LAPD executes Spreg in a hail of fire.
text: He drops like a sack of cement.
text: The smoke clears. Lenny blinks... realizing he is alive.
text: He faints. Mace shakes him, thinking he is shot. He
text: opens his eyes.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Yeah, what?
text: CUT TO SEVERAL MINUTES LATER. Mace and Lenny are being
text: escorted through the crowd by Strickland and a number of
text: cops who part the rowdy mob before them.
text: Lenny and Mace are both limping, bruised, cut up. Lenny's
text: arm is drenched with blood from his shoulder wound. They
text: support each other like two soldiers after a battle.
text: Mace sees Faith... FAITH, escorted by a couple of cops,
text: passing near them. She is in handcuffs and her eyes are
text: dull. Mace turns back to Lenny...
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Are we under arrest?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Naw. They just have to ask us a
dialog: few questions... for about six
dialog: hours.
text: They pass DEATH, with the (plastic) BABY still in his
dialog: arms. Life out of Death in the endless continuum. Lenny
text: pushes the scythe out of the way so they can get past.
text: They reach a row of police cars and an ambulance. The EMT
text: guys run to Lenny, helping him painfully out of his suit
text: jacket. Strickland motions Mace toward a waiting squad
dialog: car. Lenny sees...
text: The CLOCK MIME, who smiles at him and puts his hands at
text: midnight. We hear a roar passing through the crowd. A
text: huge chanting and cheering, that becomes thunderous as
text: everyone begins to shout the countdown to midnight.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: TEN! NINE! EIGHT!...
text: Lenny and Mace look around... the wonder of it sinking in.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: SEVEN! SIX! FIVE!...
dialog: Mace and Lenny let it wash over them... the deliverance
dialog: from darkness.
speaker_heading: CROWD
text: FOUR! THREE! TWO! ONE! HAPPY NEW
speaker_heading: YEAR!
text: The exultation of the moment flows through them as the
text: people lift their voices in a great cheer. Balloons are
text: released, confetti and streamers fly in a blizzard.
text: Couples grab each other and kiss passionately.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Hey, Lenny. We made it.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Yeah. We did.
text: She hugs him. Then pulls back. Friends... yes. And
dialog: always. But there's that line that she can't cross. Only
dialog: he can do that.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Well...
dialog: (she shrugs)
dialog: Get going. You're still bleeding.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: See you downtown.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Yeah. See you there.
text: TRACKING WITH LENNY as he walks toward the ambulance.
text: They open the back door for him. The walk is
text: hallucinatory... with confetti falling like snow, and the
text: hysteria of the crowd. He looks back at Mace as the
text: paramedics help him up into the ambulance. The back doors
dialog: close.
text: ON MACE, watching him go. A cop gently takes her arm,
text: opening the squad car door for her. She turns away, her
text: face sad amid the exultation of the crowd. She gets into
text: the back seat. The door slams. Strickland gets in next
text: to her. The driver starts the car. They start to move,
dialog: and...
text: There is pounding on the glass, startling her, and...
text: The door is wrenched open...
text: A hand comes in, grabbing her arm, pulling her out...
text: Lenny. His eyes are full of emotion.
text: He grabs her in his arms, fiercely, and kisses her... like
text: there's no tomorrow. She grabs his head and won't let him
dialog: break, even if he wanted to, which he doesn't.
text: Strickland, in the car, rolls his eyes and looks at his
dialog: watch. Reflex. Because if there's one time you don't
dialog: need a watch, it's...
scene_heading: 12:01 A.M. JANUARY 1, 2000
text: PULL BACK AND UP as Lenny and Mace stay locked together,
text: while the cops wait for them, and the world begins again.
speaker_heading: THE END
scene_heading: --------------------------------------------------------------
dialog: 
