dialog: 
dialog: Sucker the Vampire
speaker_heading: SUCKER
dialog: The Screenplay
scene_heading: INT. ANTHONY'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Total darkness surrounds us, except for a streak of pale
text: moonlight coming through a window, illumating a DOOR.
text: We hear a KNOCK, then the jingle of KEYS.
text: After a moment, the door opens and a large, heavyset MAN comes
text: into the house.
text: He walks casually through the foyer to a staircase and begins to
text: climb the stairs.
text: His name is REED. As he climbs the stairs, we hear him in voice
dialog: over...
speaker_heading: REED (VO)
dialog: They don't advertise for vampire
dialog: henchman in the newspaper. That's
dialog: in the special magazines... and
dialog: then you don't believe the ads. That
dialog: was my profession. Ex-roadie.
dialog: Ex-nurse. Ex-henchman. Sushi, that's
dialog: what I always called 'em cause he
dialog: liked to leave 'em in the water
dialog: like a cold fish...
scene_heading: INT. ANTHONY'S BATHROOM
text: Still dark, the bathroom is lit only by the moon. We can make out
text: the body of a LIFELESS GIRL, totally naked, in the shower.
text: After a beat, the heavyset man enters.
text: Reed laughs self consciously as he turns the shower off. He
text: reaches down and picks up the dead girl by her armpits. As he
text: lifts her and spins her around... BAM! She smashes right into
dialog: the glass door of the shower!
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT CLUB - NIGHT
text: This smoky, mephistophilian club is being rocked tonight by a
text: gothic rock band, PLASMA.
text: Fronting the band is ANTHONY. He plays the bass and sings. He
text: clearly enjoys being the center of attention.
text: Reed's voice over continues...
speaker_heading: REED (VO)
dialog: Pretty cool, huh? Yeah, I know. This!
dialog: This was the night. See, there's
dialog: Anthony. You can't really see him, but
dialog: man is he singing!
text: Behind Anthony is SETH, the guitar player.
speaker_heading: REED (VO)
dialog: See, now there's Seth. Seth... well,
dialog: he was always kind of a jerk to me
dialog: really...
text: As the band plays, we see one particularly good looking concert
text: goer as she elbows her way to the front of the stage. She is
speaker_heading: VANESSA.
speaker_heading: REED (VO)
dialog: Oh! That... that is Miss Helsing!
dialog: I remember her. I remember her because
dialog: that was the night, well, Anthony
dialog: broke up the band, can you believe
dialog: it? Yeah. She'd been coming to the
dialog: shows for a couple of months. I knew
dialog: Anthony wouldn't like her, cause you
dialog: know, he likes blondes, but I thought
dialog: maybe for Seth. I thought Seth might
dialog: like her...
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE - NIGHT
text: REED stands backstage, watching the band as they play. He dances
text: completely out of rhythm with the song.
text: Several CONCERT GOERS watch his antics in amazement.
speaker_heading: REED (VO)
dialog: With the benefit of hindsight, maybe
dialog: it wasn't such a hot idea.
scene_heading: INT. GREEN ROOM - NIGHT
text: TOBIN, the drummer, is sitting next to SETH on a couch. They both
dialog: look up as...
text: ANTHONY enters and walks over to a table where a tiny igloo
text: cooler sits. He picks up a plastic baggie filled with a dark
text: red, viscous liquid, and pours some into his mug via a tube
text: sticking from the bag.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: It was good. For a last
dialog: performance.
text: Seth stops for a second, then continues.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: That's it, just like that?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: We're getting too big, Seth.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Who are you man, Perry Ferrel?
dialog: Things are going great, we've
text: got offers on the table.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Which is why we have to
text: fade out.
text: Anthony heads over to a small microwave and puts his mug inside. He nukes it for a minute.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Anthony, think about this.
dialog: We're not huge. We don't have a
dialog: CD. We've got another couple
dialog: months of obscurity. So what's
dialog: your problem?!
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: You're my problem right now!
dialog: If you want to run the risk of
dialog: being discovered, do it with
dialog: another band.
text: Tobin stops drinking, says nothing.
text: Seth glares at Tobin.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Well? Say something, Tobin!
dialog: I know you don't want this to end
dialog: either!
text: Anthony sips from the mug, he exchanges a look with Tobin.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Anthony's right.
text: Seth sighs.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: See it this way, now you can
dialog: pursue other avenues, do what
dialog: ever you want
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: I don't want other avenues!
dialog: I liked this! This is my
dialog: ultimate chick magnet.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
text: The discussion is over.
text: Anthony sips from his mug as the door opens.
text: REED escorts SANDY, a gorgeous blonde, and VANESSA in.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: I'm really gonna miss this.
text: Anthony takes Sandy by the hand and leads her over to a vacant
dialog: couch.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: You guys are so great. I mean it.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: I mean, your songs. They're
dialog: so deep. I'm not sure I totally
dialog: understand all of them, but you
dialog: can just tell. You know?
text: Vanessa walks over and lovingly touches Seth's guitar. He
text: follows her hungrily.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Why are you called Plasma?
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: It's kind of an inside joke.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Is that some sort of sick
dialog: pun?
text: Seth moves in close, grabs Vanessa and pushes her up against the
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Sure.
text: Seth moves in on Vanessa and kisses her. Vanessa seems not only unsurprised but eager.
text: Reed, noticing the amorous impulses around him, gets
text: uncomfortable and shambles over to the couch where Anthony and
text: Sandy are sitting.
text: Reed grins.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Uh. Um, I'm gonna go now.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: You're leaving?
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Uh. Yeah. I gotta be at work
dialog: early tomorrow and everything.
text: Sandy reaches out to shake Reed's hand.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Well, it was nice meeting you.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Oh... I'll see you again.
text: Anthony turns to Reed, flashes him a look. Reed knows he's done
text: wrong and blanches.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Uh. Yeah. Bye. Bye Seth.
text: Seth is absorbed with his grovelling and doesn't say anything.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I was wondering if you'd
dialog: like to come back to the
dialog: house with me. There's only
dialog: so much of this I can take,
dialog: you know?
text: Sandy nods in lusty agreement
text: Anthony smiles. He stands and extends his hand out to Sandy.
text: Sandy looks over at Vanessa and Seth.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: It was nice meeting you both.
text: Vanessa looks over, Seth continues to nuzzle her.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Bye, Sandy.
dialog: 
text: Seth gurgles a goodbye.
text: Anthony and Melissa leave.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: I thought they would
dialog: never leave.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Where do you think they're
dialog: going?
speaker_heading: SETH
text: Probably back to Anthony's.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Wow. I bet he's got a great
dialog: place. Where does he live?
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: I've got a nice place. You
dialog: wanna go back there?
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Why don't we go with them?
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Well, to tell you the truth
dialog: Seth, I was hoping to end up
dialog: with Anthony tonight.
text: Seth looks at her. He's a little pissed.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: What! Lead guitar's not good
dialog: enough for you? You gotta have
dialog: the lead singer?
text: Seth shoves Vanessa down on the couch and jumps on top of her,
text: putting his hand at her throat.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Take it easy, Seth.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: You want me to prove something,
dialog: I'll prove something! I'll be
dialog: the best you ever had, bitch!
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Don't bet on it.
text: Vanessa reaches behind her and pulls out a small CANISTER.
text: Seth scowls, then bursts into laughter.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: You're gonna mace me? You
dialog: have no idea what I am, do
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Maybe.
text: Vanessa fires the mace canister, it hits Seth in the face.
text: Seth laughs and bares a frightening set of FANGS!
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Stupid bitch. See, there's
dialog: something you don't know
dialog: about me...
text: Suddenly, Seth's laughter turns to a SCREAM. His face SMOKES and
text: he collapses in agony.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Yeah. And what would that be?
text: Vanessa walks across the room to where she left her bag.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: You're a vampire? Do tell.
text: Vanessa taps the canister.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Holy water.
text: Seth tries to get up off the floor. He writhes in agony.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: See, I was hoping to take
dialog: out Anthony tonight, but I
dialog: guess you'll do.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: It hurts! Oh Jesus, it hurts!
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: What do you say, Seth? Why don't
dialog: you save me a little footwork
dialog: and tell me where Anthony lives.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Screw you.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Have it your way.
text: Vanessa kicks Seth onto his back.
text: He lurches up and grabs her foot, BITING into her calf!
text: Vanessa screams and sprays him again. He screams and rolls away.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Go to hell!
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Thanks, I think I'll pass.
dialog: Why don't you go on without me.
dialog: And when you see your buddies
dialog: down there, do me a favor.
text: Seth looks up to see Vanessa with a STAKE and a HAMMER.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Tell them Vanessa sent you!
text: With that, Vanessa drives the stake into Seth's chest.
scene_heading: EXT. ANTHONY'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: ANTHONY stands out on his balcony, overlooking a brightly lit
text: swimming pool. He watches SANDY swim around down below, nude.
text: She turns over on her back and sees him.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Aren't you gonna come in?
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR
text: Establishing the moonlit harbor, and one sailboat in particular.
scene_heading: INT. ANTHONY'S BOAT - NIGHT
text: REED sitting alone in the cabin of a small, one bedroom
text: sailboat. He hums a nondescript song to himself.
scene_heading: EXT. ANTHONY'S HOUSE, POOL - NIGHT
text: Anthony slowly crosses to the pool and slips in.
text: He goes to Sandy.
text: They begin kissing, undulating together, the water becoming the
dialog: perfect medium for their lovemaking.
text: We see only their heads above the surface of the water.
text: Sandy starts to clasp Anthony's head in her hands, her passion
text: becoming more frenzied.
text: He kisses her, moves to her ear, kisses, moves down to her neck.
text: Sandy is in total heaven, her head lolls to one side.
text: Anthony moves his head back just a touch, opens his mouth only
text: long enough for us to see the glimmer of his FANGS!
text: As he bites into Sandy's neck, she shrieks and futilely tries
text: to push him away. In a moment, she is gone.
text: As Sandy's body goes limp, we see a growing cloud of scarlet
text: BLOOD as it seeps out into the pool.
scene_heading: INT. ANTHONY'S BOAT - NIGHT
text: REED sits alone in the boat, a sparsely decorated place. He's
text: doing some light cleaning as his PAGER goes off.
text: Reed rises, picks his pager off his belt and looks at it.
text: He moves to the door, takes his trenchcoat up along the way and
dialog: exits.
scene_heading: INT. ANTHONY'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: ANTHONY sits in his living room, smoking a cigarette on the
text: couch. He's watching the television.
text: Anthony looks up as he hears a KEY in the front door lock.
text: He continues to watch. After a beat, there's a KNOCK on the door.
text: Anthony rises and heads toward the front door.
text: He walks to the door and yanks it open, revealing REED, crouched
text: with his head by the door knob. Reed is tethered to the door by a
text: string around his neck.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: What took you so long?
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: My key. Got stuck. Indeedoor.
text: Anthony moves Reed aside and pulls the key from door.
text: Reed stands up and laughs nervously. He takes the key, which he
text: wears like a pendant, and tucks it back into his shirt.
text: Anthony walks back toward the living room. Reed follows him in.
text: Anthony looks at Reed impatiently.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Hurry up.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Okay.
text: Reed leaves and heads toward the BEDROOM.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Reed.
text: Reed stops.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
text: She's in the pool.
text: Reed turns and looks out the window, where he sees the lifeless
text: body of SANDY floating face down.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Oh.
text: Reed heads for the front door.
text: As Anthony continues to watch, we see Reed make his way pool
dialog: side.
text: He looks at the body for a long time, wondering how to get to it.
text: Then, he looks over and sees a POOL HOOK. He walks over and grabs
text: the tool, then returns to the pool.
text: Anthony stands, glances out at the pool, then retrieves a large
text: PHOTO ALBUM from the hearth. He sits down and starts to leaf
dialog: through it.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE PHOTO ALBUM
text: The page it has been turned to holds a PHOTOGRAPH of an elederly
text: gentleman, sitting with a stake in one hand. He has a young girl
text: sitting on his lap.
text: The man is wearing a celtic cross over his shirt.
scene_heading: INT. ANTHONY'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: ANTHONY looks at the album.
text: In the background, Reed leans out over the pool and tries several
text: times to hook the corpse, to no avail.
text: Finally, he balances himself precariously on one foot and extends
text: his arms out. Just as the hook encircles the body, Reed loses his
text: balance and goes flailing into the pool.
text: Anthony doesn't even notice.
text: Reed climbs out of the pool and trudges to the window.
text: Anthony is totally absorbed in the photograph.
text: Reed raps on the window.
text: Anthony looks over, sees the soaking wet figure, then shakes his
text: head. Anthony closes the album and returns his attention to the
dialog: television.
text: Reed, discouraged, goes back toward the pool.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE TELEVISION
text: We see THE MALIBU LIFEGUARD WORKOUT!
scene_heading: INT. ANTHONY'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: REED, still damp, comes into the house, carrying the body of
text: SANDY over his shoulder. She is wrapped in a large towel.
text: ANTHONY looks up from the couch.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Finished?
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Yeah.
text: Anthony looks back at the TV.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: See you tomorrow.
text: Reed watches TV over Anthony's shoulder. Then, he takes a tiny
text: SHIP IN A BOTTLE from under his arm and quietly puts it on the
text: living room table.
text: Anthony looks up at Reed.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Goodnight, Reed.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Um. Okay. G'night.
text: Reed moves to the door and leaves. Anthony turns off the TV and
text: starts toward his bedroom. He stops as he notices the ship.
text: He calmly picks it up and walks to a nearby closet. He puts the
text: nicknack in the closet and resumes his path to the bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. ANTHONY'S BOAT - NIGHT
text: REED enters with the body of SANDY. He goes to his bed and
text: throws the limp form down.
text: He walks over to the kitchen and gets a small BOWL, fills it with
text: water, and returns to the bed.
text: Reed uncovers Sandy. He takes a moment, looks at her pale,
text: naked body.
text: He takes a corner of the sheet and dips it in the water, then
text: uses the damp piece of cloth to sponge the blood from her body,
text: humming to himself.
text: Reed gets up and goes to a closet. He rifles through it, finding
text: A CAMERA, mounted on a tripod.
text: He goes back to the bedside and sets the camera up, pointing it
dialog: at Sandy.
text: Reed flips her over and positions her on the bed. He disappears.
text: Moments pass.
text: Reed returns, dressed in a pair of TIGER STRIPED briefs.
text: He takes a position next to Sandy on the bed. He wraps her arms
text: around him and leans into her. He kisses her neck as we see a
scene_heading: WHITE FLASH.
scene_heading: INT. ANTHONY'S BOAT - B&W
text: We see a series of shots of REED and SANDY, all in BLACK and
text: WHITE, each one ending with the bright FLASH of the camera.
text: Reed tries various poses with her, ending with a shot of him
text: sitting next to her, fairly relaxed.
text: Again we see a bright white FLASH go off.
scene_heading: INT. ANTHONY'S BOAT - LATER
text: REED is asleep on his bed, there is no sign of Sandy. Reed
text: bolts upright as his ALARM goes off.
text: He looks over at the clock, it reads 4:00 A.M.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR - ANTHONY'S BOAT - SUNRISE
text: REED opens a camera case and pulls out a VIDEO CAMERA. He turns
text: on the power and walks to the bow.
text: He points the camera at the rising sun and starts to film.
speaker_heading: REED
text: This is Tuesday. Sunrise at five
dialog: twenty-nine.
text: Reed tries to keep a steady hand as he films.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR - ANTHONY'S BOAT - DAY
text: REED is frantically making his way around the boat, cleaning it.
text: He spit shines the tiny brass impliments, swabs the deck.
text: When he's finished he returns the camera case to the interior of
text: the boat and steps onto the dock, carrying his completed VIDEO.
text: He checks his watch, then hurriedly jogs back toward the parking
dialog: lot.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - PARKING LOT - DAY
text: REED pulls up in the parking lot of a hospital in a beat up pick-
text: up TRUCK. He's dressed in Hospital whites.
text: He hops out of the truck, walks around to the back and pulls out
text: a bulky ORANGE trashbag that reads, "BIOLOGICAL WASTE". He slings
text: the bag over his shoulder and rushes toward the hospital.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - HALLWAY - DAY
text: REED walks through the hallway. He stops at a door that reads,
scene_heading: "MORGUE".
text: Reed starts to open the door as someone yells from down the hall,
text: it's DR. PEZ-HUOY.
scene_heading: DR. PEZ-HUOY
dialog: Buckles!
text: Reed looks up. Pez-Huoy comes over.
scene_heading: DR. PEZ-HUOY
dialog: Where in god's name have you been?
dialog: I've got a patient waiting who
dialog: needs his temperature taken, right away.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Okay, I'll be there in a sec.
scene_heading: DR. PEZ-HUOY
dialog: You'll be there now, Nurse Buckles.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: I just gotta take care of this..
scene_heading: DR. PEZ-HUOY
dialog: Leave it, someone will pick it up.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: No, no..no..no..
scene_heading: DR. PEZ-HUOY
dialog: Leave it!
text: Reed hangs his head, he backs away from the door and starts
text: heading down the hall.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Stupid jerk.
text: Pez-Huoy looks up.
scene_heading: DR. PEZ-HUOY
dialog: Oh, Nurse Buckles? Use a rectal
text: thermometer.
text: Reed curses under his breath as he continues down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. VANESSA'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: VANESSA enters her apartment, tastefully decorated, simple.
text: She opens a Guatemalan backpack and pulls out a small leather
speaker_heading: SATCHEL.
text: Opening the satchel, she pulls out two WHITE FANGS. She rolls
text: them around in her hand.
text: As she moves through the apartment, she throws her purse down on
text: the futon.
text: Vanessa carries the fangs over to a CLOSET. She pulls the closet
dialog: open.
text: Inside are the various weapons of a vampire hunter, STAKES,
text: CROSSES, GARLIC, HAMMERS. She finds a small wooden BOX.
text: The box is old. On the lid is an inscription; "To Vanessa, love,
dialog: Father".
text: Vanessa opens the box. Inside are several other FANGS. She tosses
text: the new set into the box and closes it.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - PEZ-HUOY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: TAMMY, a nine year old is SCREAMING in horror.
text: The reason for her distress is DR. PEZ-HUOY, who is holding a
text: nasty looking syringe.
scene_heading: DR. PEZ-HUOY
dialog: Now, now. There, there. This
dialog: will only hurt for a moment.
dialog: We don't want to get any viruses,
dialog: do we?
text: REED stands nearby, watching.
scene_heading: DR. PEZ-HUOY
dialog: Nurse Buckles, would you restrain
dialog: her please?
text: Reed looks over and starts toward Tammy, who begins crying and
text: screaming even more.
text: Reed walks over and grabs Tammy and slams her down on the table.
text: Tammy wails.
text: Pez-Huoy looks over, reacts angrily.
scene_heading: DR. PEZ-HUOY
dialog: Nurse Buckles!
text: Reed hastily takes his grip off Tammy.
text: Tammy and Reed both look at eachother, confused. Then, Reed has a
text: moment of inspiration.
text: Reed leans in to Tammy.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Tammy, right?
text: Tammy nods.
text: Reed pulls a small FINGER PUPPET from his pocket. It's a tiny
text: monster. He wiggles it around.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: This is Ogo-Pogo. He helps me,
dialog: to be brave.
text: Tammy looks. She stops crying for a second.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: You hold him.
text: Tammy reaches out as Reed takes the finger puppet off his finger
text: and hands it to Tammy.
text: Tammy wiggles it around. She smiles.
scene_heading: DR. PEZ-HUOY
dialog: Now, that wasn't so bad, was it?
text: Tammy looks over and sees that Pez-Huoy is dabbing her arm with a
text: gauze pad. She looks back at Reed.
text: Reed winks. Tammy grins and looks back down at the finger puppet.
scene_heading: DR. PEZ-HUOY
dialog: Okay, Tamara. We're all finished.
dialog: Go on out and meet your mom.
text: Tammy jumps off the table and runs out the door.
text: Pez-Huoy goes over to his clipboard and writes as he talks.
scene_heading: DR. PEZ-HUOY
dialog: That was well done, Nurse Buckles.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: I hate shots.
scene_heading: DR. PEZ-HUOY
dialog: Yes. Well, you handled that like
dialog: a professional. I'm very pleased.
text: Reed smiles.
scene_heading: DR. PEZ-HUOY
dialog: Be that as it may, you are still
dialog: unreliable. And I mean this; if you
dialog: are late once more, I will be forced
dialog: to replace you. Are we clear?
text: Reed nods his head.
scene_heading: DR. PEZ-HUOY
dialog: Good. Then I'll see you tomorrow.
dialog: Eight A.M.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Okay, Doc.
text: Pez-Huoy exits the office.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - LAB - DAY
text: A nervous young lab worker, BETH, is looking through a
text: microscope. REED comes over and stands behind her.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Hi, Beth.
text: Beth jumps in surprise.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Reed! You scared me. What
dialog: are you doing?
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Nothing. Just getting ready
dialog: to go home. Thought I'd stop by
dialog: and say hi, see what's new.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Well, it's been an interesting
dialog: day. I've done three celebs.
text: Reed stands there with a dull look on his face.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Movie stars.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Yep. One for gonorrhea, one for
dialog: herpes, and one for the whole
dialog: cupcake... all STD's.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: You watch "Baywatch"?
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Yes. Of course.
text: Beth leans into Reed and whispers in his ear.
text: Reed reacts in shock.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: No!
text: Beth nods. Reed looks crestfallen.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: California. The land of sun,
dialog: surf and sexually transmitted diseases.
text: Beth goes back to her microscope.
scene_heading: INT. VANESSA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: VANESSA is sitting on her futon, sharpening a STAKE. She puts the
text: knife aside and shoves the stake into her backpack, along with a
dialog: hammer.
text: She gets up and walks to a different closet, passing a night
text: stand on the way. On the night stand we see a PHOTOGRAPH,
text: depicting an elderly man, a stake in one hand, his seven year old
text: daughter on his knee.
text: Vanessa pauses, looks at the photograph. She absently rubs her
text: fingers over the celtic cross around her neck.
text: She opens the closet and starts fingering through the clothes
text: inside.
text: She pulls out her dress for the evening, a real show stopping
text: kind of number and takes off toward the bathroom.
scene_heading: EXT. ANTHONY'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: REED sits outside Anthony's house in his truck, humming along
text: with the radio.
text: He checks his watch.
text: He reaches into his glove box and pulls out a roll of breath
text: mints. He pops one in his mouth and gets out of the car.
text: Reed starts up the driveway toward Anthony's house.
scene_heading: INT. ANTHONY'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: REED comes in through the front door. Stooping down he pulls his
text: key out of the lock, and heads toward Anthony's bedroom. His
text: voice over continues...
speaker_heading: REED (VO)
dialog: See, now this is the perfect
dialog: opportunity for me to explain
dialog: about some of the things that
dialog: I did for Anthony that weren't
dialog: in my job description; like
dialog: interior design was my main
dialog: attempt to create a feng shui
dialog: in his place...
text: On his way, he glances at the living room table.
speaker_heading: REED (VO)
dialog: He was a sailor, he loved the
dialog: sea, he loved ships and I love
dialog: them.. he made me love them and
dialog: he got this thing which is hand
dialog: blown and he won't put it out and
dialog: it's beautiful...
text: He turns and heads to the closet, opens it, and retrieves the
text: SHIP IN A BOTTLE.
text: He walks across the room and gently sets it down on the table.
speaker_heading: REED (VO)
dialog: And I still don't know what hand
dialog: blown means.
text: Satisfied, he turns to Anthony's bedroom.
dialog: Back to Top
speaker_heading: Main Page
dialog: 
