speaker_heading: SUNSHINE
dialog: v.01
dialog: Copyright Alex Garland January 2004
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OPEN ON:
scene_heading: EXT. THE S' ACE OF T! SUN
dialog: It never coalesces. It’s something we can't quite
text: comprehend. Too much power, too massive, too ancient.
text: The image boils and rages, and is completely hypnotic.
text: The noise is overwhelming.
dialog: Over this, the TITLE:
speaker_heading: SUNSHINE
speaker_heading: EXT s
text: +». The curve of the sun against the dark of space, where
text: solar flares arc thousands of miles, before the vast gravity
text: of the star pulls them back...
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE
dialog: 
text: -.. Now tens of millions of miles distant from the star,
text: where the sound of fission and countless rolling nuclear
text: detonations are silenced by the vacuum...
scene_heading: EXT. ICARUS II
text: +++ a SPACESHIP is heading towards the sun.
text: The ship is curved and organic in its design, with bulky
text: flanks that look as if they can detach from the rest of the
dialog: vessel.
text: Most striking of all, the ship is covered in mirrored panels,
text: similar to fish scales.
text: The mirrored panels cover the entire surface of the ship,
text: except for the window portals, and a geodesic dome situated
text: towards the back. These portals and the dome are constructed
text: with a thick half-mirrored glass.
text: The distances involved are so huge between the ship and the
text: sun that it hardly seems to be moving.
text: But as we get closer, and we see space dust and particles
text: flash past or colliding with the huli, detonating and burning
text: under the impact and friction, we realise that in fact the
text: ship is travelling at an extraordinarily fast speed.
text: On the SPACESHIP’S side is its name: ICARUS II.
scene_heading: Ir REAT I! ROOM
text: In the RECREATION ROOM of the ICARUS II, two men sit either
text: side of a small table, arms folded, their faces a picture of
text: deep thought.
text: The first, and older, of these two men is CAPTAIN ASHER. The
text: ICARUS II is under his command. He’s a career astronaut.
text: Implacable, calm, experienced.
text: The younger of the two men is CAPA. CAPA is a career
text: physicist. In contrast to ASHER, CAPA is thin, young, nervy,
text: and looks unkempt. He has a couple of weeks beard-growth,
text: and his hair is a bedraggled.
text: Between them is a CHESS BOARD - sparse pieces, scattered.
text: The end game.
dialog: Silence.
text: No movement from either of them.
text: The moment is held.
dialog: And held.
text: Finally, CAPA puffs out his cheeks and expelsa loud sigh.
text: He reaches for his KING, and tips it over.
text: He has RESIGNED.
text: ASHER nods.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: Good game.
text: They shake hands.
text: CAPA checks his watch.
speaker_heading: CAPA
text: Three and a half hours.
speaker_heading: ASHER
text: A long one.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Really takes it out of you. All
dialog: that concentration.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: It does.
dialog: A moment. ‘
text: Then silently both men start to reset the board to play
dialog: again.
scene_heading: ENT. OXYGEN GARDEN
text: CORAZON, a woman in her early thirties, a Biologist, kneels
text: beside a tall tree fern, using secateurs to trim away dead
text: fronds.
text: In fact, she is surrounded by ferns, of all species and
dialog: sizes.
text: The ground is a carpet of mosses.
text: CORAZON looks as if she is in a prehistoric jungle, except
text: that above her is a geodesic dome, behind which is outer
text: space and the constellation of stars.
scene_heading: IT. FLIGH' ECK
text: On the flight deck of the ICARUS II, two more astronauts sit
text: in front of their instrument panel, which glitters with back-
text: lit displays and switches. -
text: These are MACE and CASSIE - flight crew, in the PILOT and Co-
text: PILOT seats.
text: But“neither have their seat-straps on, or look like they are
text: doing much in the way of piloting.
text: MACE has his seat reclined, and is dozing with his chin on
text: his chest and his feet propped up on the instrument panel.
text: CASSIE is reading a book.
text: The book is LADY CHATTERLY'S LOVER.
text: MACE stirs in his sleep, and his foot shifts...
text: «+. flicking a switch to ‘off' position with his heel.
text: CASSIE, engrossed in her novel, hasn’t noticed.
dialog: ccyyrere oo
text: Nothing happens for a couple of moments.
dialog: Then:
speaker_heading: ELECTRONIC VOICE
dialog: Warning. Coolant from port
dialog: stabiliser redirected to rear :
dialog: engines. No extra coolant in rear >
dialog: engines ‘required. Recommend
text: coolant redirection is cancelled.
text: CASSIE, unconcerned, not looking up from her book:
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Fine.
text: The switch flicks itself back.
speaker_heading: ELECTRONIC VOICE
text: Coolant redirection cancelled.
text: CASSIE doesn’t bother to respond...
text: «+. but does reach out with her hand to swipe at MACE’S legs.
text: Grumbling through his sleep, MACE takes his feet off the
text: instrument panel, and rolls over on to his side.
scene_heading: INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS
text: Another two crew are asleep in their bunks, visible only as
text: silhouettes behind their frosted-glass privacy partitions.
text: We can‘t see them, but the names on their bunks read:
text: HARVEY and TREY.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM
text: The Observation room is three walls and a huge window. The
text: room is at the most forward position of the ICARUS II,
text: therefore this window faces the sun.
text: But the window is darkened greatly.
text: The sun is only visible as a dull orange orb surrounded by
text: blackness.
text: The room itself is only lit by the dull orange...
text: «++ but in the gloom, sitting on the observation couch,
text: facing the window, we can see a man.
text: SEARLE - the doctor and psychiatrist of ICARUS II.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: Icarus. +
text: The ELECTRONIC VOICE, the voice of ICARUS, replies
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Yes, Doctor Searle.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: Please re-filter the observation
text: room portal.
speaker_heading: TCARUS
dialog: Filter up or down, Doctor Searle?
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: Up-
text: «+. And the light levels dial up.
text: The room brightens considerably. We can see SEARLE clearly
text: now. He is the oldest crew-member - in his mid-forties.
text: He gazes at the sun, fascinated. Though still distant, the
text: star is much larger and closer than we have ever seen it on
dialog: Earth.
text: SEARLE is as hypnotised by the sight as we were during the
text: opening sequence.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: Icarus - how close is this to full
dialog: brightness?
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: At this distance of thirty six
dialog: million miles, you are observing
dialog: the sun at two percent of full
dialog: brightness. —
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Two percent... Can you show me four
dialog: percent?
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Four percent would result in
dialog: irreversible damage to your
dialog: retinas. However, you could
dialog: observe three point one percent,
dialog: for a period of not longer than
text: thirty seconds.
dialog: A moment. °
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: Icarus - please change filter to
dialog: three point oné percent.
text: An amazing blast of bleaching brightness fills the room.
text: SEARLE sucks in a gasp, like a man diving into ice water.
text: FADE TO WHITE.
speaker_heading: NT.
text: In the MESS, the entire crew of ICARUS II are sitting down to
dialog: eat. .
text: SEARLE sits with CAPA and CORAZON.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
text: It's invigorating. It’s like
text: taking a shower. In light.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Sounds weird.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: It is. You lose yourself a little.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
text: Like a floatation tank.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: Actually, no. For psych-tests on
dialog: deep space, I’ve run many sensory
dialog: deprivation trials, testing total
text: darkness in floatation tanks. The
dialog: point about darkness is: you float
dialog: in it. You and the darkness are
dialog: distinct from each other because
text: darkness is a vacuum, an absence of
dialog: something, whereas we are
dialog: something.
text: SEARLE pauses.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: But total light - it envelopes you.
dialog: It swallows you up. It becomes
dialog: you.
text: SEARLE laughs.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: Anyway. It’s very strange.. I
dialog: recommend it.
text: MACE is passing with his tray of food.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: What's strange is, you’re the psych--
dialog: officer on this ship, and I'm
dialog: clearly a lot saner than you.
text: Now FOLLOWING MACE...
text: -+- who sits with ASHER, CASSIE and HARVEY.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: So - in case you hadn’t noticed...
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: I had. The solar wind reading is
dialog: higher than we'd anticipated at
dialog: this distance,
text: All look to HARVEY ~ Comms officer.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: For the moment, we can still send
dialog: : package messages back. High
dialog: frequency bursts will rise above
dialog: — the interference, and the moon
dialog: stations will pick them up okay...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But it's possible that within forty
dialog: eight hours we won't be able to
dialog: communicate at all.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: Possible?
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Probable.
text: CASSIE gives a little shiver.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: We'll be on our own.
text: MACE shrugs.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: We're fifty five million miles from
dialog: Earth. We’re already on our own. “>
text: All in the mess room have now fallen quiet. They listen to
dialog: ASHER speak.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: We were all expecting this. No
dialog: great drama - we’re just flying
dialog: into the dead-zone seven days
dialog: earlier than we thought. But if
dialog: any of you were planning on sending
dialog: a final message home, you might
dialog: want to get on it now.
scene_heading: INT. COMMS CUBICLE
text: CAPA sits in a small cubicle, facing a screen, which shows
text: his own face looking back at him.
text: The image on the screen is frozen, and of low resolution.
text: The door to the cubicle is clear glass, and behind it we can
text: see the COMMUNICATION CENTER. In the Comms Center are MACE,
text: TREY and HARVEY. They are talking, but the glass door is
text: fully soundproofed and we can’t hear what they’re saying.
text: CAPA hits a button on the console in front of.him, and the
text: image on the screen begins to play.
scene_heading: CAPA RECORDING
dialog: Well. Mum and Dad. I hope you're
dialog: proud of your son, saving mankind
dialog: and so on. Don’t be hard on my big
dialog: sister just because she isn’t
dialog: saving mankind. Listen - being a
dialog: full-time housewife makes her just
dialog: as deserving of your love and
dialog: respect as me.
dialog: (beat) .
dialog: Did I mention I was saving mankind?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sis - guess what? I miss your
dialog: cooking. I hope Maxwell is doing
dialog: okay. Kiss the kids from me. And
text: kiss John too.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: CAPA RECORDING (cont’d)}
text: A big kiss, right on lips. With
dialog: tongues. I know he likes that.
dialog: (beat)
text: It takes about eight minutes for
dialog: light to travel from the sun to
dialog: Earth. Which means you'll know if
dialog: we succeeded about eight minutes
dialog: after we deliver the payload. All +
dialog: you have to do is look out fora
text: little extra brightness in the sky.
dialog: So if you wake up one morning, and
dialog: it’s a particularly beautiful
dialog: day...
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: «+. you'll know we made it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: See you in a couple of years.
dialog: "The recording ends.
text: CAPA looks at his frozen face a couple more moments. His ~
text: finger hovers midway between two buttons on the console:
text: DELETE and SEND.
text: He presses ‘SEND’.
scene_heading: EXT. ICARUS II
text: ICARUS iI flies through space.
text: With an effect similar to Northern Lights, the glow of the
text: SOLAR WIND kicks up and flickers around the hull.
scene_heading: INT. OB! ATION RO:
text: CORAZON enters the observation room.
text: It is extremely bright. She winces, shielding her eyes.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: Icarus, dial it down a little, will
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Yes, Corazon.
text: The light fades to a lower level, revealing something that
dialog: was too bright to see previously...
text: sitting on the observation couch is CAPTAIN ASHER.
dialog: li.
text: His eyes are wide, a little glazed. He looks almost in a
dialog: trance.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: +++ Captain?
text: ASHER blinks, and rubs at his eyes.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: I’m guessing you've been talking to
dialog: Searle.
text: ASHER looks towards CORAZON, and seems to take a few moments
text: to actually see her.
speaker_heading: ASHER .
dialog: Did you send a package back?
speaker_heading: CORAZON :
dialog: I did. To my husband. You?
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: I said my goodbyes before I left.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: I didn't realise I was saying
dialog: goodbye.
text: ASHER smiles perfunctorily.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: How are the ferns holding up?
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: Fine. Very high productivity. In-.
dialog: fact, their productivity is going
dialog: up- It will tail off dramatically
dialog: when we get nearer. But in truth,
dialog: we already have the reserves to
dialog: make it there, and quarter-way
dialog: back.
dialog: (beat) :
dialog: You’re thinking about Icarus One.
text: ASHER says nothing.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: Whatever it was that tripped them
dialog: up, I can tell you it wasn’t lack
dialog: of oxygen. Not on the outward
dialog: journey, at any rate.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: I’1) tick it off my list.
scene_heading: INT. COMMS CENTER
scene_heading: CLOSE UP on: ‘>
text: The faces of CAPA and MACE.
text: They are right next to each other, temples crushed together.
text: Both men are straining, teeth gritted, eyes blazing.
text: It takes a moment to realise they are FIGHTING in the
scene_heading: COMMUNICATION CENTER.
text: MACE - much bigger and stronger than CAPA - has CAPA in a
dialog: headlock. |
text: MACE suddenly swings CAPA around in a judo throw and slams
text: him hard onto the floor.
text: Then he’s on CAPA, swinging his fist, punching CAPA in the
dialog: face...
text: Then he’s being hauled off by HARVEY and TREY.
speaker_heading: TREY
dialog: Mace ~ what the Hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: MACE
text: (struggling, yelling at
dialog: Capa)
dialog: Little fucking prick! Mother
dialog: fucker!
text: HARVEY and TREY pin MACE against the wall as CAPA scrambles
dialog: backwards.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Mace! Cut it out!
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: He took three quarters of a fucking
dialog: hour in there! Now the fucking
dialog: wind is too high for me to send my
dialog: package home!
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: (wiping blood off his
dialog: mouth and nose)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CAPA (cont'd)
dialog: I’m sorry! I didn’t realise I was
dialog: taking so long!
speaker_heading: MACE -
dialog: I've got kids! What if I never get
dialog: a chance to talk to them again?
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: I’m sorry! I’m sorry! >
scene_heading: Int. MED CENTER
text: MACE sits opposite SEARLE.
text: MACE is nursing his knuckles in one hand, breathing hard.
text: Silence between the two men.
dialog: Eventually:
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: So how does this work?
text: SEARLE says nothing.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Am I supposed to tell you about my
dialog: childhood?
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN’S QUARTERS
text: ASHER sits in his CAPTAIN'S QUARTERS.
text: - He’s looking at a screen. On the screen, we can see it is a
text: live feed from the MED CENTER, where MACE is talking to
scene_heading: SEARLE.
text: ASHER‘S face is blank, unreadable as he listens in on what
dialog: MACE is saying...
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: One way to look at it is one flare-
dialog: up in sixteen months isn’t bad.
dialog: We're humans, right? This is what
dialog: we do. We... make mistakes.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It doesn’t matter how high the
dialog: stakes, no matter how hard you
dialog: try...
dialog: (beat) .
dialog: I mean - look at us.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 14,
speaker_heading: MACE (cont'd)
dialog: We’re the key component part of the
dialog: most important action that man has
dialog: ever undertaken. But Capa decides
dialog: he doesn’t want to shave or cut his
dialog: hair.: I fall asleep on duty.
text: Cassie reads the same book over and
text: over. Asher stares at a chess
dialog: board all day. And Corazon talks ‘+
dialog: to her plants...
dialog: (beat)
text: Sixteen months is a long time.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I messed up.
text: MACE turns to look directly at the screen - and we realise he
text: knows he is being watched.
speaker_heading: : MACE - mo
dialog: It isn’t going to happen again.
scene_heading: INT. RECREATION ROOM
text: CAPA sits alone. His lip is split, but the cut is small and
text: has dried over.
text: MACE enters.
text: CAPA looks round.
text: A moment between them.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Mace. I really am sorry. I should
dialog: have let you go first, and...
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: Hey. It‘s me. I’m the one
dialog: _ apologising, okay?
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: eee Okay.
text: MACE sits opposite CAPA.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Searle told me why I lost my
dialog: temper. Apparently I’ve got
dialog: unresolved anger issues with my
dialog: Dad.
text: A beat.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: ++. Really?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: No. It turns out I’m just a
dialog: fucking idiot.
scene_heading: INT. CO! NTE.
text: HARVEY sits in the COMMS CENTER.
text: We can hear the fuzz sound of radio static.
text: But behind the static is another noise ~ looping, arcing
text: tones and pitches.
text: This is the sound of the interference caused by SOLAR WIND.
text: HARVEY is checking through digital frequencies. The
text: intensity of the static in relation to the solar wind varies,
dialog: but neither can be cancelled entirely.
text: HARVEY speaks into a microphone.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Icarus Two to Moon Stations. This
dialog: package timed at fifteen thirty
dialog: two, day four hundred and eight
text: four, comms delay at five minutes
dialog: and seventeen seconds. Total radio
text: silence now for four hours and
dialog: eleven minutes. Please respond.
dialog: Long beat. -
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Icarus Two to Moon Stations. This
dialog: package timed at fifteen thirty
dialog: three, day four eight four, comms
dialog: delay at five minutes and seventeen
text: seconds. Total radio silence now
dialog: for four hours and...
text: HARVEY breaks off.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
text: Twelve minutes.
dialog: Long beat.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Please respond.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 16.
dialog: Long beat.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: Okay.
dialog: {beat} .
text: Moon stations. This is Icarus Two.
text: Signing out.
text: HARVEY hits a button and the sound of the static cuts dead.
text: Now we can only hear the SOLAR WIND.
text: The noise is strange, abstract but almost melodic.
text: HARVEY remains sitting in his chair, listening.
scene_heading: Ex®. ICARUS IT
text: Hearing the SOLAR WIND, seeing the NORTHERN LIGHTS effect...
text: -.- Leoking down through the Geodesic dome, where CORAZON
text: kneels by her plants...
text: Then looks straight up at us...
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT, ICARUS IL
text: -+- Looking back at the nose of ICARUS II, where, in the very
text: center of the nose, we can see the portal to the Observation
dialog: Room...
text: .-+ where SEARLE sits, looking out at us, bathed in light.
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT DECK
text: CASSIE sits in the pilot’s seat.
text: Her dog-eared copy of LADY CHATTERLY’S LOVER is face down on
text: the console, folded open about two thirds through the text.
text: She has a wide portal in front of her, similar to the portal
text: to the Observation Room, but this is cluttered with the
text: symbols and readings of a HEADS UP DISPLAY.
text: Behind her, TREY - the Navigation Officer - sits at a back-
scene_heading: lit NAVIGATION DISPLAY.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Wow.
text: TREY doesn’t look around. He is deep engrossed in
text: calculations and readings.
speaker_heading: CASSIE .
dialog: Trey. You want to see something? .
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Trey!
speaker_heading: TREY
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Do you want to see something?
text: TREY looks around.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Come here. Look.
text: TREY stands and walks over, and looks where CASSIE is
dialog: indicating...
text: see at the portal, which shows the sun, and the clutter of
text: the HUD display.
speaker_heading: TREY
dialog: What am I supposed to be seeing?
dialog: The radiation level? Hull
dialog: temperature?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: No.
text: She hits a few switches, and the HUD display vanishes...
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: There.
text: «++ revealing, against one curve of the sun, a silhouetted
dialog: sphere.
text: Some way distant - a planet.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Mercury.
dialog: 18.
text: CLOSE IN on the view of MERCURY through the portal.
scene_heading: EXT. -RCURY
text: Stunning views of the sun-blasted planet...
dialog: «+. in space...
dialog: +-» illuminated by the sun...
text: +++ then MERCURY and ICARUS II and the SUN behind.
scene_heading: INT. COMMS CENTER
text: HARVEY sits in his chair, dozing with his chin on his chest..
text: We notice HARVEY has a few days stubble showing.
text: Over the speakers is the sound of the SOLAR WINDS.
text: Then, through the noise we hear:
text: Faintly, a steady series of regularly spaced tenes. On, off,
text: on, off.
text: CLOSE UP on HARVEY‘’S face.
text: Hearing the noise through his sleep...
dialog: +.. waking.
scene_heading: INT, BRIEFING ROOM
text: The crew is filing into the BRIEFING ROOM...
text: A plain room with a monitor screen on one wall, and a
dialog: conference table...
text: +++ where ASHER, SEARLE and HARVEY are already sat.
dialog: We notice that:
text: CAPA'S beard and hair are a longer, and he is more
text: bedraggled.
text: MACE has cut his hair very short.
text: CORAZON has earth and dirt embedded under her fingernails,
text: into her fingerprints.
dialog: 19.
text: SEARLE is wearing sunglasses with extremely dark black-out
text: lenses, and his skin is reddened and peeling slightly.
text: ASHER and SEARLE wait in silence while the others take their
dialog: seats...
text: ++» and when they have taken their seats, ASHER stands.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: Okay.
text: ASHER takes another moment as they settle.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: Okay - here it is. As you are all
dialog: aware, we’ve just entered orbit
dialog: with Mercury, where we will be
text: making a single full pass in order
dialog: to make use of the planet’s gravity
dialog: as a sling-shot velocity boost for
text: the final leg.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You will also be aware that we have
dialog: now been out of all communication
dialog: with moon stations for fifty six
dialog: days.
text: ASHER turns to HARVEY.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: Harvey - you want to pick this up?
text: HARVEY nods.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Twenty three hours ago, while
text: making a routine check of the comms
dialog: systems...
text: MACE laughs dryly.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: While listening to your space
dialog: music.
text: HARVEY ignores this.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
text: ++. While scanning the frequencies,
dialog: I heard a transmission.
text: All react - including Mace.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: It was hard to filter through the
dialog: high background interference, but
dialog: after a little time and effort, I
dialog: Managed to clean it up.
dialog: (beat) -
dialog: Icarus. Please play the audio ts
dialog: file.
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Yes, Harvey.
text: Over the speaker system, the AUDIO FILE begins to play.
text: As before, we hear the regularly spaced tones come through
text: the static and SOLAR WIND.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: End file.
text: The AUDIO FILE stops.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: It’s the Icarus One. And that
text: sound is their distress beacon.
text: Stunned silence in the Briefing room. Then:
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: TREY
dialog: It’s impossible. It’s seven years
dialog: since...
speaker_heading: a HARVEY
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: It’s clearly not impossible because
dialog: you can hear the beacon with your
dialog: own ears.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Are you saying they’re alive?
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: We don’t know.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: But we know that they could be-
dialog: 21.
text: All eyes on CORAZON.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
text: Their oxygen is self-replenishing.
dialog: Water is recycled. They have all
dialog: the solar power they need.
speaker_heading: MACE >
dialog: What about food? No way their
dialog: supplies could have lasted seven
dialog: years.
text: ASHER speaks again.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: That depends. They had food
dialog: supplies to cover eight People for
dialog: three years. .
speaker_heading: _ MACE
dialog: That's a four year shortfall. One
dialog: Hell of a diet.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: Only if you’re feeding eight. We
dialog: don’t know what happened to Icarus
dialog: One. There might have been an
dialog: accident. Or something else.
dialog: There might not have been eight
text: mouths to feed.
text: Then CAPA speaks for the first time.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: I have a question.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Do we know where they are?
text: A glance between ASHER and SEARLE.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: Well done, Capa. That is the
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: We do know. Yes.
dialog: 22.
text: The monitor screen behind ASHER lights up, to show a graphic
dialog: of:
text: The SUN, MERCURY, and ICARUS II.
speaker_heading: ASHER .
dialog: Icarus. Please plot our trajectory “
text: . following the sling-shot around
dialog: Mercury. .
text: The trajectory appears.
speaker_heading: ASHER
text: Now plot the source of the Icarus
text: One beacon.
text: An icon appears between Mercury and the Sun. . It is close to -
dialog: but not on - the trajectory course. :
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Oh my God. We’re going to pass
text: right by them.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: Within twenty or thirty thousand
dialog: miles.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: We'll be. able to see them.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: Through the scope. Yes.
text: CASSIE'S eyes suddenly well up.
speaker_heading: TREY
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: _ SEARLE
dialog: (quick)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: TREY
dialog: Well - I’d need to look at all of
dialog: this pretty carefully. Very
dialog: carefully. But... if I had to make
dialog: a guess right now...
dialog: (takes a deep breath)
dialog: I’d say we could adjust our
dialog: trajectory. We could fly straight
dialog: to them.
dialog: All eyes
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (fast, firm)
dialog: But. We are not going to.
text: on MACE.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Just to make it absolutely clear.
dialog: There is literally no way we are
dialog: going to do that.
text: All eyes still on MACE.
text: He scans the faces in front of him.
dialog: them are.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: What? You want me to-spell it out?
dialog: We have a payload to deliver to the
dialog: heart of our nearest star. We are
dialog: delivering that payload because the
dialog: star is dying. And if it dies, we
text: all die. Everything dies. So that
dialog: is our mission. And there is
dialog: nothing - literally nothing - more
dialog: important than completing the
dialog: mission. End of story.
speaker_heading: TREY
dialog: He's right.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: What do you mean: ’He‘s right’? Of
dialog: course I’m ‘right’. Is anyone here
dialog: seriously thinking otherwise?
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: May I put a counter argument?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: Captain?
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: It would, of course, be absurd to
dialog: alter our course to assist the crew
dialog: of the Icarus One.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 23.
dialog: And clearly, some of
dialog: 
dialog: Silence.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: SEARLE (cont'd)
dialog: Even if we knew that some or even
text: all of the crew still alive, their
dialog: lives are entirely expendable when
dialog: seen in the context of our mission.
dialog: As are our own lives.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Exactly! tS
speaker_heading: SEARLE /
dialog: But. There is something on the
dialog: Icarus One that may be worth the
dialog: detour. As you pointed out, Mace,
dialog: we have a payload to deliver. ‘A’
dialog: payload, singular. And everything
dialog: about the delivery and
dialog: effectiveness of that payload is
dialog: entirely theoretical. Simply put,
dialog: we don’t know if it’s going to
dialog: work. But what we do know is this.
dialog: {beat)
dialog: If we had two payloads, we would
dialog: have two chances.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: You’re assuming we'd be able to
dialog: pilot Icarns One.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TREY
dialog: Which is assuming that whatever
dialog: stopped them completing the miséion
dialog: wasn’t a fault or damage to the
text: spaceship.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: That’s a lot of assumptions.
speaker_heading: - SEARLE
dialog: It is. It’s a risk assessment.
dialog: The question is, does the risk of
dialog: the detour outweigh the benefits of
text: an extra payload.
text: MACE glances around the table.
dialog: 25.
text: CASSIE eyes are shining with tears for the crew of ICARUS
dialog: ONE.
text: HARVEY, TREY and CORAZON are with MACE.
text: ASHER is unreadable.
text: SEARLE is behind shades. . io
dialog: CAPA is undecided. ,
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: We'll have a vote.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: No. We won’t. Because we aren't a
dialog: democracy. We're a collection of
dialog: astronauts and scientists. So we
dialog: will make the most informed
dialog: decision available to us.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Made by you, by any chance?
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: Made by the person best qualified
dialog: to understand the complexities of
dialog: the payload delivery. In this
dialog: instance, our physicist.
text: All look to CAPA.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Shit.
scene_heading: INTs RECREATION ROOM
text: CAPA stands alone in the RECREATION ROOM, in front of a
text: billiard table.
text: The table is empty except for TWO WHITE CUE BALLS, positioned
text: at the top end of the table, next to each other.
text: Taking the cue, CAPA bends down and takes...
text: ++. an ambitious shot with the first CUE BALL coming off
text: three cushions, eventually rolling towards the BOTTOM RIGHT
text: POCKET. .
text: And the ball misses by a fraction. It rattles a little in
text: the jaws, and doesn’t drop.
dialog: 26.
text: CAPA looks at the second CUE BALL, blank-faced.
scene_heading: INT. CAPA’S BUNK
text: CAPA lies in his’bunk, frosted privacy partition pulled down.
text: He is wide awake, staring atthe ceiling just a metre above
text: his nose.
text: Attached to the ceiling is a hologram-photo of his pet dog,
scene_heading: MAXWELL.
text: On the frame of the hologram-photo is a single red button.
text: CAPA presses it.
text: Noiselessly, MAXWELL BARKS and WAGS HIS TAIL.
dialog: At that moment -
text: ~ a figure appears behind the frosted partition, and suddenly
text: the partition slides up.
text: Revealing MACE behind it, his face twisted in fury.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: You stupid fu-
dialog: cur To:
dialog: T. I 0: Ir
text: The ICARUS II, flying fast away from the planet MERCURY.
scene_heading: INT. OXYGEN GARDEN
text: CAPA stands in the ferns, gazing into the foliage, thousand
text: yard stare.
text: He thinks he is alone.
text: But he isn’t. A few feet away, CASSIE is watching him.
text: Something - intuition - makes him turn, and he sees her.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Hey.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Hey.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I just wanted to let you know, I
dialog: think you made the right choice.
speaker_heading: CAPA
text: Mace doesn’t. And I’m guessing ~
text: Harvey and Trey don’t either.
text: CASSIE shrugs.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: But I do.
dialog: cur T0:
speaker_heading: NT. GI
text: CAPA and CASSIE are making love in an area of the Oxygen
dialog: Garden.
text: It’s passionate - but seems very much led and controlled by
text: CASSIE rather than CAPA.
text: A noise in the foliage distracts CAPA.
text: He breaks off from a kiss and turns to check the source of
text: the noise.
text: He can’t see anything or anyone there.
text: CASSIE puts a hand on his cheek and directs him back to her
dialog: lips. -
text: CAPA breaks away again.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Cassie ~ we‘re contravening about
dialog: twenty different directives and...
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: Good.
text: She silences him with her kiss, and CAPA relents.
scene_heading: INT. MESS
text: The atmosphere in the MESS is very subdued, and not all crew
dialog: are there.
dialog: 28.
text: MACE, TREY are SEARLE are absent.
text: CASSIE is standing by the food dispenser, filling her tray.
text: CORAZON and HARVEY sit together, and, separated by the four
text: empty places, are ASHER and CAPA.
text: CAPA watches CASSIE get her food.
text: When she turns, she sees his gaze, and gives him a smile.
text: It’s bright and friendly, but has a subtle blankness that is
dialog: not missed by CAPA.
text: The moment is not resolved, because suddenly, abruptly, an
text: ALARM is sounding.
speaker_heading: ICcARUS
dialog: All flight crew report immediately
text: to flight deck.
text: A frozen beat - then suddenly everyone is jumping to their
text: feet and running for the door.
scene_heading: INT. FLICGR?R DECK
text: All except SEARLE arrive at the flight deck, to find MACE and
text: TREY checking a HOLOGRAM SCHEMATIC of the ICARUS II.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: What’s going on?
speaker_heading: TREY
dialog: {ashen-faced)
dialog: I fucked up.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: — It’s not you who fucked up. If we
dialog: weren‘t straying from the
dialog: mission...
speaker_heading: TREY
dialog: It's my responsibility.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: (firm)
dialog: Trey - just cut to it.
speaker_heading: TREY
dialog: I double and triple-checked all
dialog: considerations to the route change.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: TREY (cont'd)
dialog: It all worked out, so I set the new
dialog: coordinates and... put us on our
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: So what‘s the problem?
text: TREY swallows nervously.
speaker_heading: » TREY >
dialog: Our new trajectory changes our :
text: angle of approach to the sun by one
dialog: point one degrees.
text: And HARVEY is a step ahead.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: You didn’t reset the shields to the
dialog: new angle.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Jesus Christ, Trey. How could you
dialog: have failed to do that?
text: All eyes on TREY.
speaker_heading: TREY
dialog: I...
text: TREY breaks off as if he can hardly believe the answer
dialog: himself.
text: Then, helplessly:
speaker_heading: TREY
dialog: ++. I forgot.
dialog: silénce.
speaker_heading: TREY
dialog: (stammering)
dialog: My... head was full of velocities
dialog: and fuel calculations, and a
dialog: million different...
dialog: (snapping, freaking out)
dialog: I forgot, ail right? It happens!
dialog: People do shit! They get stressed
dialog: and they fuck up! And I fucked up!
text: ASHER steps in.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: (taking control)
dialog: Enough! Everyone just take a
text: moment here! Trey — deep breaths.
dialog: The fact is, we’re still alive. A
text: hole hasn’t burned in the side of
dialog: the ship, and we don’t have a ten
dialog: thousand degree climate. So how
dialog: bad is this? What’s the actual
dialog: damage?
text: Behind MACE is the HOLOGRAM SCHEMATIC.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: We don’t know. Icarus tried to
dialog: feset the shield independently when
text: the alarm triggered. But all the
dialog: sensors up there burned out, so we
dialog: have no idea of the state of the
dialog: affected area.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The only way we’re going to find
dialog: out is to go out there.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: A moment.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: So that’s what we’re going to do.
dialog: I'll get suited up.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: It’s a two man job.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: As second in command, you’re not
dialog: going anywhere.
speaker_heading: \ MACE
dialog: 4 Then I'd like to volunteer.
speaker_heading: ~ ASHER
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: \ MACE
dialog: 4 I’d like to volunteer Capa.
dialog: \ A moment.
text: / 4 CAPA looks over at MACE, who meets the gaze completely
dialog: 4 straight and even.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: 4 Okay.
dialog: 31.
text: CAPA'S courage is betrayed by the trickle of sweat that
text: escapes his hairline.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Okay. I’1l do it.
speaker_heading: Int RLOCK y
text: ASHER and CAPA suit up.
dialog: We can see it impossible to put the suits on alone. In
text: gravity, the suits are too bulky and awkward in the gravity
dialog: ef the spaceship.
dialog: It is necessary to be assisted.
text: ASHER is assisted ‘by HARVEY, CAPA by CASSIE.
text: Every part of the suit is made of a strange mirrored material
text: - every surface reflects, causing strange distortions where
text: the stiff suit material is rippled or folded.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: You've been through this a thousand
text: times in Barth orbit training.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: (tight, scared)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: You're going to be fine.
text: CAPA nods.
text: He’s looking straight into CASSIE’S eyes like he wants her to
dialog: say-something else.
dialog: Something personal, or...
dialog: Clunk.
text: The heavy mirrored helmet is dropped over CAPA'’S head and a
text: suck of pressurised air locks the rim into place...
text: +--+ leaving a reflection of CASSIE’S face where CAPA’S had
dialog: been.
text: CASSIE locks the helmet in to place by putting her hand
text: either side of the helmet and pulling down sharply,
text: activating locking clasps around the neck ring.
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: q FLIGHT DECK
dialog: 
text: MACE sits in the pilot’s seat. CORAZON stands behind the
text: CASSIE’S copilot seat. .
speaker_heading: ; MACE S
dialog: : Okay, Icarus. I’m going to be
dialog: taking manual control here for a
dialog: while.
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Yes, Mace.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: . I’m going to be cutting speed.
dialog: ” . Then I'm going to be rotating us so
dialog: that the damaged area is facing
dialog: away from the sun. Do we
dialog: understand each other?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Yes, Mace.
text: Behind MACE, TREY sits by the navigation table.
text: CLOSE UP on Trey’s face as MACE says:
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Please adjust shields to allow for
dialog: the rotation.
text: TREY closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: T. S$ IT
text: IcARUS II rotates slowly.
dialog: “An amazing sight as:
text: --. The ship rotates, and the mirrored scales ripple, all
text: moving independently, directing themselves to best reflect
text: the sun’s blaze.
scene_heading: INT. AIRLOCK
text: ASHER and CAPA are alone in the airlock, fully suited.
text: HARVEY and CASSIE watch from the outside, as...
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (over radio link)
dialog: Okay. I’m opening up.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: We’re set.
text: The airlock opens to outer space.
scene_heading: EXT. ICARUS IT
text: On the dark, shaded side of ICARUS II, ASHER and CAPA emerge.
text: All conversation is heard over radio links.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: Asher, check, helmet-cam fully
dialog: operational?
scene_heading: NI. FLIGHT DECK
text: The HUD vanishes to show two images - live feeds from cameras
text: on the helmets of ASHER and CAPA.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Affirmative. Good image.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: (over radio link)
dialog: Capa, check, helme-
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Affirmative.
speaker_heading: — ASHER
dialog: Okay. Break it up, you two.
text: Moving down to investigate damaged
dialog: area.
scene_heading: EXT. ICARUS IT
text: ASHER and CAPA move down ICARUS II, away from the airlock...
dialog: Revealing...
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: We got it.
dialog: «++ the damage.
dialog: 34.
text: On one area of ship, the mirrored scales are frozen in half-
text: upright positions - where the others are all flat to the side
dialog: of the ship.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: Can you guys see this?
dialog: i
speaker_heading: E
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (over radio link)
dialog: We see it.
speaker_heading: ASHER
text: The mechanisms are all burned out.
text: But it looks like Icarus caught it
dialog: quick enough to prevent a hull
dialog: breach.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: What do you think?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: Well - let’s see.
text: ASHER moves over to one of the half~upright scales - which
dialog: gives us a clear sense of proportion of the size of the ship,
text: as the scale is as tall as he is - and takes out a tool from
text: a utility pouch on his suit.
text: Like everything else, the tool is perfectly mirrored on every
text: surface.
text: CAPA watches as ASHER works on the scale.
text: ASHER cuts or releases something.
text: The scale moves to a fully upright position.
text: This allows ASHER to manoeuvre the bulky space-suit to reach
text: --the mechanism underneath.
text: He works inside...
text: «.. then ASHER pushes himself backwards as slowly the huge
text: scale begins to return to the side of ICARUS II.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: Mace. Head for my quarters and
dialog: check the bottom drawer. You'll
text: find a bottle of champagne.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (over radio link)
dialog: You can do it?
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: It'll take a while, but - yeah. We
dialog: can do it.
text: OVER RADIO LINK - the sound of cheering.
speaker_heading: ASHER oa,
dialog: All right, Capa. You get them up,
dialog: and I'll get them down.
scene_heading: EXE. ICARUS If
text: The sun and solar-wind blasted side of ICARUS II.
text: And we see that now, facing the sun, is the mirrored glass of
text: the geodesic dome.
text: ‘And beneath the dome, the plants bathed in bleaching light.
speaker_heading: FLIGH c.
text: MACE and CORAZON have been joined by HARVEY and CASSIE, who
text: has taken her place in the copilot’s seat.
text: “ALL are watching the ASHER and CAPA helmet-cams.
text: . ASHER and CAPA are close to completing their task.
text: There are three frozen scales remaining.
text: Two have been made fully upright by CAPA, and one is still
text: half-upright.
text: CASSIE looks backwards and sees TREY at the navigation table.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Good work, guys.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Hey. Trey. Stop beating yourself
dialog: up. We've got this...
text: And suddenly, the alarm has started again. MACE hits a
text: button and the alarm stops.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Icarus?
speaker_heading: ICARUS
text: Resuming computer control of Icarus
dialog: Two.
dialog: 36.
text: MACE and CASSIE exchange a glance.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Negative, Icarus. Manual control. .
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Negative, Mace. Computer control.
dialog: Returning vessel to original >
dialog: rotation.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: What the fuck?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Icarus - override computer control
dialog: to manual.
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Negative.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: (over radio link)
dialog: What’s going on here guys? We’re
dialog: moving...
speaker_heading: ICARUS
text: Mission in jeopardy. Override
dialog: command statement one-oh-oh-one-ch-
dialog: one. Manual flight controls
dialog: removed.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Negative, Icarus! Please state
dialog: reason immediately!
text: The picture on the monitors change from the helmet-cams to
text: show a weird and freakish image. A jungle enveloped in a
text: raging blaze.
speaker_heading: ICARUS
text: Fire in oxygen garden.
scene_heading: EXT. ICARUS IT
text: CAPA moves away as the last half-upright scale is released
text: and moves to the fully upright position.
text: He looks around and watches as ICARUS II slowly rotates...
dialog: And sees...
dialog: 37.
text: .+. as the ship is rotating, the area taking the full impact
text: of the sun and solar-winds is moving around to their
dialog: position.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Asher. We need to...
speaker_heading: ASHER +
dialog: can’t.
text: ASHER is working fast, but his voice is calm.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: Can’t leave upright panels.
dialog: certain hull breach. We’ll all
dialog: die.
text: CAPA starts working on the panel he just got to the upright
dialog: position. .
text: Silence between the two men.
text: Broken intermittently by snatched broadcasts over the radio
dialog: link.
text: Shouts, swear words - what sounds like CORAZON screaming.
text: Which then cut out, leaving silence again.
text: At the same moment, both CAPA and ASHER’S panels start to
dialog: move back to the down position...
text: Leaving only one remaining.
text: Both move towards it.
text: ASHER is nearer. He gets there first.
text: CAPA looks back over his shoulder.
text: The solar wind and sunlight is moving closer, and now we
dialog: SEC. +.
dialog: +e» that very shortly, the light will have reached the
text: airlock, meaning that the two men will be trapped on the
text: outside of the hull.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: (not looking round)
dialog: Go.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Captain.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: Go.
text: CAPA still doesn’t move.
dialog: Silence.
text: Then CAPA starts to head back.
dialog: We follow CAPA...
text: In silence, back along ICARUS II towards the airlock.
text: When CAPA reaches the airlock, the sunlight and solar-wind is
text: only a few metres away.
text: He looks back and sees...
text: ASHER moving away from the panel, as it starts to drop to the
dialog: down position.
text: ASHER turns towards CAPA. .
text: The two men look at each other down the length of ICARUS II.
text: ASHER doesn't move. He knows it is pointless.
text: CAPA enters the airlock.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT DECK
text: MACE and CASSIE, frozen, watching the monitor image of
text: ASHER'S head-cam.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: GEN EN
text: The plants are all burned to blackened stumps and ashes.
text: Water drifts down from the sprinkler system like rain.
text: CORAZON stands in the middle of the destruction, tears
text: rolling down her face.
dialog: Cur TO:
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: EX?. ICARUS II
text: ASHER waits motionless as the sunlight and solar winds move
text: towards him.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: Int. ¢
text: SBARLE watching the helmet-cam on a monitor in the med-
dialog: center.
text: SEARLE is an extremely strange sight. He isn’t wearing the
text: black-lens sunglasses, and where the sunglasses would be his
text: skin’ is pale white. But the rest of his face is badly sun-
text: burned, red, peeling.’ coe
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: (intense)
dialog: Can you see it?
scene_heading: . INST HER’
text: ASHER’S face as he watches the sunlight get closer.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: (over radio link)
dialog: Can you see it?
scene_heading: EXP. ICARUS IT
text: The sunlight has almost reached ASHER. It "s only a metre
dialog: away.
dialog: He could reach out and touch it...
dialog: +++ and he does.
text: His hand lifts, moves into the area of light, and is
text: immediately ignited like a magnesium strip.
text: ASHER keeps his hand there, staring at fingers that glow like
text: light bulb filaments, impossibly bright.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: Oh God...
dialog: 
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: INT. AIRLOCK
text: CAPA is in the airlock.
text: His helmet is off. He has collapsed against the airlock
text: door, and slid down to the floor. >
speaker_heading: ASBER
dialog: (faint, over radio link)
dialog: God.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ASHER
dialog: (faint, over radio link)
dialog: Go- -
dialog: The link cuts.
dialog: Ext. It
text: ASHER'S whole figure is blazing with the white-hot
dialog: brightness.
dialog: You can hardly tell the figure was ever aman. In seconds,
text: the fierce glow has burned away entirely, and absolutely
text: nothing of ASHER remains.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BRIEFING ROOM .
text: All crew except TREY are in the Briefing Room.
dialog: Silence.
text: “Then BARVEY speaks.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: The breakdown is as follows. As
dialog: second in command, I am now the
text: captain of Icarus Two.
dialog: (beat) .
text: Trey is sedated in the med-center.
dialog: Dr Searle has diagnosed him as a
dialog: suicide risk. And having seen him,
dialog: . I don’t think any of us would
dialog: question that diagnosis.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: HARVEY (cont’d)
dialog: Thanks to both Asher and Capa, our
text: shields are intact. As is the
dialog: payload. We don’t have a problem
dialog: there.
text: HARVEY lets that sink in a moment before the bombshell,
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: But the fern garden is totally
text: destroyed. In addition, a large
dialog: amount of oxygen was burned in the
dialog: fire. As it stands now, we have do
dialog: not have enough oxygen reserves to
dialog: get us to our payload delivery
dialog: point, let alone to survive the
dialog: return journey.
text: HARVEY pauses.
speaker_heading: -HARVEY
dialog: We now have no choice but to
text: rendezvous with Icarus One. There
dialog: remains the possibility that the
text: ship is largely intact. There is a
dialog: secondary possibility that we could
dialog: salvage what is left of their
dialog: oxygen garden.
dialog: As it stands, if we are going to
dialog: complete the mission, the Icarus
dialog: One is now our only hope.
scene_heading: EXT. 1 Zz
text: ICARUS II flying through space.
scene_heading: iT. CAPTAIN'S OU: Ss
text: CAPA enters ASHER’S quarters.
text: On ASHER’S desk is an open book: FISCHER vs SPASSKY
text: There is also a hologram-photo of a family.
text: CAPA picks the hologram-photo up and looks at it.
text: He presses the red button on the hologram-photo’s frame...
text: --+ and the family SMILE AND WAVE.
text: As CAPA looks at the photo, we also see a locked cabinet on
text: the wall of Asher’s private room, glass-fronted.
dialog: 42.
text: Inside the cabinet is a HANDGUN.
scene_heading: INT. MED CENTER
text: CAPA is sat watching ‘TREY.
text: TREY is in a glass cubicle, lying on ‘a bed, asleep.
text: A hiss as the door to the Med-Centexr opens.
text: CAPA locks round.
dialog: It's CASSIE.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Where's Searle?
speaker_heading: CAPA
text: Most likely burning his eyes out in
text: the observation room.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: (of Trey)
dialog: How is he?
text: CAPA shrugs.
speaker_heading: CAPA
text: Given the tranquillisers in his
dialog: system, I’d say he’s probably the
text: happiest crew member on the ship.
text: CASSIE walks over to TREY’S isolation cubicle and looks
text: inside.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: You still think I made the right
dialog: vm decision?
text: CASSIE turns this question over a few moments before
dialog: replying. .
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: I didn’t fuck yon because I thought
dialog: you made the right decision. I
dialog: fucked you because it was something
dialog: I needed at that moment.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: I wasn't asking you as a pick-up.
dialog: line.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CAPA (cont'd)
dialog: I just wanted to know if you still
dialog: felt I made the right decision.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
text: No. I don’t. Of course I don’t.
dialog: Do you?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Corazon said something earlier.
text: CAPA waits.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: She said Harvey has made a mistake
text: xegarding the lack of oxygen. She
dialog: said Icarus One is not our only
dialog: hope. .
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There’s not. enough oxygen to get
dialog: all of us to the payload delivery
dialog: point. But if there were fewer
dialog: crew-members, we'd get there fine.
text: CAPA laughs - with surprise more than anything.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Are you suggesting we let Trey kill
dialog: himself?
text: A moment.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Actually, Trey wouldn’t be enough.
dialog: We’d need to lose two more. ~
text: CAPA'S face - has he just been threatened?
text: And CASSIE answers the question for him.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: No. I’m not inviting you to commit
dialog: suicide with Trey. Of us all,
dialog: you’re the one who’s most needed to
dialog: supervise the delivery of the
dialog: payload. I’m just telling you what
dialog: Corazon said. JI thought you ought
dialog: to know.
text: CASSIE makes to leave.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Cassie.
dialog: 44.
text: CASSIE stops in the open door frame.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Who did Corazon say it to?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Me. x
dialog: (beat) +
dialog: And Mace.
scene_heading: EXT. ICARUS I
text: ICARUS I floats in space.
text: A similar design to ICARUS II, but older, rougher.
text: It seems derelict, lifeless.
text: But as we move around the ship, we see the geodesic dome, and
text: inside it, thick greenery.
text: And between the greenery, what looks like an internal light.
text: Then, continuing around the ship, revealing...
text: ICARUS II, sun-lit, closing in on ICARUS I at approach speed.
scene_heading: INT. ATRLOCK
text: Arriving half-way inte a stand-up row between HARVEY and MACE
text: in the AIRLOCK.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: He‘s lost his shit, Harvey. He’s a
dialog: worse liability than Trey. And
dialog: there’s no way I’m going in there
text: — with him.
text: As MACE shouts, he is jabbing his finger at SEARLE, who is
text: sat quietly, impassively...
text: --- and listening rather than watching. He is wearing his
text: shades, and his head is tilted to direct his ear rather than
text: gaze towards the argument.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Look at him for Christ’s sake. His
text: skin is falling off his bones,
dialog: . He's half blind! What good is he
dialog: going to do?
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: If there is anyone left alive on -
dialog: Icarus One, they may need the
text: attentions of a doctor.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Right. A doctor. Not a quack.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Mace - I’m going in there. And :
dialog: he’s going in there. And so are
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Not with him.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: With him. And here‘s why. :
dialog: Because I’m the captain of this
dialog: ship, and I’m commander of this
dialog: mission, and I’m giving you a
dialog: direct order.
text: A moment.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: Jesus.
text: CLOSE UP on SEARLE...
text: +++ a8 SEARLE smiles ~ and the skin of his blistered lips
text: cracks, running a tiny rivulet of blood into his mouth.
dialog: EX?,. 2 IL
text: Gracefully, ICARUS II is docking with ICARUS I.
text: ICARUS I is motionless in space, so all the manoeuvring is
speaker_heading: done by ICARUS II.
text: Slowly, their airlocks are brought to face each other...
dialog: ... Then brought together.
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT DE
text: CASSIE sits in the pilot’s seat. CAPA is in the copilot’s
dialog: seat.
text: CORAZON watches behind.
dialog: Pause.
text: A beat.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Okay. We’re locked on. Icarus,
dialog: please establish contact with
dialog: Icarus I computer system.
speaker_heading: ICARUS /
dialog: Contact failed. Computer system of ~
dialog: Icarus I has been disabled. °
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: How? A malfunction or an accident?
dialog: Has it been deliberately shut down?
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Reasons unknown. Impossible to
dialog: establish the cause remotely.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Is there power on Icarus 1?
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: There is power on Icarus I. Solar
dialog: harvest at full capacity, without
text: detectable malfunction.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: What‘’s the atmosphere?
speaker_heading: ICARUS
text: Oxygen rich. Fully breathable and
dialog: life-supporting.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Is it supporting any life?
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Unknown. Impossible to establish
dialog: xemotely.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Harvey, Mace, Searle. Did you get
dialog: all that?
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: {over radio link)
dialog: We got it.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: So you heard her. It‘s breathable.
dialog: In your own time, you’re good to
dialog: go.
scene_heading: INT. I I/AIRLOC:
text: Inside the AZRLOCK of ICARUS I.
text: The design of the interior of ICARUS I is similar to ICARUS
text: Iz, but feels slightly more dated, clearly an earlier model.
text: The airlock is dark, half-lit...
text: +++ until the airlock opens, revealing the bright interior of
text: the ICARUS II airlock, and the three men about to board.
text: Each carry flashlights, which also hold...
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT DECK
text: ++. a flashlight-cam, which are watched by CAPA, CASSIE and
text: CORAZON on the flight deck monitor.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Weil. Doesn't look like there’s a
text: welcoming party.
scene_heading: INT. ICARUS I/AIRLOCK
text: The three sweep their flashlight beams around-the dark
text: airlock.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: sae The air tastes... fine.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: Its tastes good.
text: MACE has found a control panel, which he uses... and the
text: lights in the airlock come on.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: So the lights work.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: (feeling around with his
text: hands like a blind man)
dialog: Do they?
dialog: 48.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: (lowering his hands)
dialog: C’mon guys. Just trying to lighten
dialog: the mood. :
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (infuriated by Searle)
dialog: I think we should split up.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: I’m not sure that’s a good idea.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Fair point. If we split up, we
dialog: might get picked off one at a time
dialog: by aliens.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: Mace is right, captain. Icarus One
dialog: is a big ship. If we're going to
dialog: search it effectively...
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Okay, okay. Mace, head for the
text: flight deck. See if she can fly.
dialog: Searle, check the crew's quarters
dialog: and the med center. I’11 check the
dialog: oxygen garden.
dialog: z US 0)
text: MACE moves down a dark corridor with his flashlight.
text: He stops. He’s seen something.
text: Kneels down.
text: A pair of broken sunglasses.
scene_heading: INT. T US TF. S:
text: SEARLE enters the Mess.
text: He uses the contxol panel beside the door, and lights come
text: on, revealing...
dialog: +++ that the dining room is showroom clean.
dialog: 49.
text: He walks over to the food dispenser.
text: He presses the button for water - and a steady stream spills
text: out from the tap.
text: Then he presses one of the food dispenser buttons.
dialog: Chicken. .
text: A yellow paste oozes out of the nozzle, and coils where a
dialog: plate should he.
text: With his finger, SEARLE dips his finger into the paste and
text: gives it a taste.
scene_heading: IND. FLIGHT DECK
text: CAPA, CASSIE and CORAZON are watching HARVEY'S live feed,
text: through which we can see dense foliage.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: {over radio link)
dialog: I think I just found the crew.
scene_heading: INT. ICARUS I/OXYGEN GARDEN
text: HARVEY stands in the ICARUS I oxygen garden.
text: The plants have covered the entire area, right up to the
text: geodesic dome, seven years of unchecked growth.
text: From the dome and the top canopy, moisture drops like a light
dialog: rain.
text: Where HARVEY stands are several graves, each marked by an
text: upright post which bears their name-tags.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: (over radio link)
dialog: Not all the crew. Someone must
dialog: have buried them.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
text: I count five. Leaves three.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (over radio link)
dialog: Make that two.
dialog: 
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: INT. ICARUS I/PLIGHT DECK
text: MACE is looking at the pilot’s seat of the ICARUS I flight
dialog: deck, :
text: In the pilot’s seat is a desiccated corpse. ~
text: Without insects and maggots to strip the flesh, the dry skin
text: is stretched tight over the skull, as if mummified.
scene_heading: INT, FLIGHT DECK
text: On the monitor screen we can see SEARLE’S flashlight-cam
dialog: feed.
text: He is in the ‘sleeping quarters.
text: He is opening the privacy partition of one of the bunks.
text: Revealing another desiccated corpse.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: God damn.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: They’re all dead.
scene_heading: Nr. ICARUS G! DEC!
text: INSIDE A COMPARTMENT as the door open, to reveal MACE peering
text: inside, frowning. .
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: I’ve got something here.
text: -~REVERSE ANGLE — to show that inside the compartment is a wall
text: of frosted glass cubes. Many of the cubes are smashed.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: {over radio link)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: I‘m looking at the access
text: compartment to the ship’s computer.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This is no malfunction. This is a
text: shut-down.
text: MACE pulls out one of the smashed cubes,
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: And permanent.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: {over radio link)
dialog: Why would they have done that?
speaker_heading: MACE oy
dialog: Search me. .
text: Then MACE. pauses.
text: An idea has just occurred to him.
dialog: - Te
dialog: U:
speaker_heading: ORRI
text: MACE walks fast down one of the ICARUS I corridors.
text: As he walks, he talks.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Okay. You’re washed up on a desert
dialog: island. There’s a thousand miles
text: of sea in all directions. All
dialog: you've got is coconut trees and
dialog: sand to keep you company. All you
dialog: can do is wait to die. So what do
dialog: you do?
speaker_heading: DECK
text: CAPA, CASSIE and CORAZON are listening to MACE, watching his
dialog: feed.
text: INT.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (over radio link) .
dialog: Capa. I'm talking to you. What do
dialog: you do?
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: +--+. ZT wait to die.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (over radio link)
dialog: And there’s the difference between
dialog: you and me.
speaker_heading: CARUS T/CORRIDOR
text: MACE stops at a door.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: See ~ I’ve got kids.
scene_heading: INT. ICARUS I/COMMS ROOM
text: fhe door to the ICARUS I comms room opens, revealing MACE.
text: MACE goes straight over to the COMMS CUBICLE and opens the
dialog: partition.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: What I’d do is put a message in a
dialog: bottle. .
text: He pushes’a button on the console.
text: The screen flickers into life ~ and a MAN'S FACE appears.
text: The MAN’S FACE is back-lit, largely in shadow, so we can’t
text: see his features clearly.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: My name is Captain Pinbacker.
scene_heading: INT, FLIGHT DECK
text: CAPA, CASSIE and CORAZON watch the recording.
speaker_heading: PINBACKER
dialog: I’m not calling for help. Even if
dialog: the message reached Earth through
dialog: the solar winds, I know help
dialog: wouldn't come. I’m only making
dialog: this recording because... I don’t
dialog: know. I suppose I’m thinking that
dialog: one day, maybe in ten years, maybe
dialog: in ten million, someone might find
text: it. And right now, that seems like
dialog: @ good enough reason to me.
scene_heading: INT. iS _I GEN N
text: HARVEY listens over the radio link.
speaker_heading: PINBACKER
dialog: (over radio link)
dialog: The mission of my ship, the Icarus,
dialog: was to deliver a payload into the
text: heart of the sun.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: PINBACKER (cont’d)
text: A vast stellar fission bomb, to
text: kick-start the chain reactions that
dialog: have been gradually losing their
dialog: power. To stop the development of
dialog: the red dwarf. To keep the sun
text: shining.
scene_heading: INT. ICARUS I/MED CENTER
text: SEARLE listens over the radio link.
speaker_heading: PINBACKER
dialog: (over radio link)
dialog: We have failed in that mission. I
dialog: think there will be time and
dialog: materials for Earth to construct
text: and send a second fission bomb, but
dialog: I suspect that mission will fail
dialog: too. It will fail for the same
dialog: reason as ours. I think it is
dialog: inevitable.
scene_heading: INT. ICARUS T/C iS_ROO!
text: CLOSE UP on the cubicle screen, and PINBACKER.
speaker_heading: PINBACKER
dialog: In fact, ultimately, I know it is
dialog: inevitable.
text: PINBACKER pauses.
speaker_heading: PINBACKER
dialog: This is the truth you realise. The.
dialog: truth you must realise. The truth
dialog: you can only realise...
text: PINBACKER moves slightly, away from the camera.
dialog: 53.
text: And where he was previously back-lit, now light falls on him
dialog: and reveals...
text: --. that his face is like a much advanced version of
speaker_heading: SEARLE'S.
text: The skin is ravaged, cracked, split.
text: Spread across the surface are constellations of blisters and
text: melanomas, some burned to blackness, some bright red, open
dialog: and raw.
dialog: 54.
text: only his eyes, and the skin around his eyes, white from the
text: protection of sunglasses, are undamaged.
speaker_heading: PINBACKER
dialog: +». when you look into.the face of
dialog: God.
scene_heading: INT, ICARUS I/COMMS ROOM
text: MACE'S face.
text: Stunned. Still absorbing the weirdness of what he has just
dialog: seen and heard.
dialog: Then ~
text: ~- a sudden wrenching sound. Loud and freakish, like tearing
dialog: metal.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: What the...?
text: And the next moment ~ the entire ship gives a sudden lurch.
text: MACE is knocked off balance, and is sent crashing sideways
text: into the wall and down to the floor.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Cassie! What’s going on?
scene_heading: NT. I DECK .
text: ICARUS II is lurching too.
text: _CASSIE is hitting buttons on the console, flicking switches.
text: Over the radio link we can hear the shouts of alarm of MACE,
text: HARVEY and SEARLE.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Get back to the airlock! All of
dialog: you! Get back!
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: What is it? What’s happening?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Icarus! Stabilise us}
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: ICARUS
text: Affirmative, Cassie.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: (to Capa)
text: The airlock has just decoupled.
dialog: Get down there NOW!
speaker_heading: . ICARI I
text: WE FOLLOW CAPA as he runs through ICARUS II to the airlock.
text: And when he reaches it...
scene_heading: INT. OUTSIDE AIRLOCK
text: Outside the airlock chamber, CAPA presses his face to the
dialog: glass.
text: He can see that the airlock door is open to outer space.
text: And he can see the airlock door of ICARUS I, which is also
text: open, and the reason for the sound of tearing metal we heard.
text: Around the door of ICARUS I the skin of the ship has been
text: ripped open, revealing the hull structure beneath.
scene_heading: Tf. ICARI I/OUTSIDE AIRLOCK
text: MACE is arriving at the airlock. SEARLE and HARVEY have
dialog: already made it there.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Cassie?
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT DECK
speaker_heading: CASSIE
text: The airlock has decoupled. We
dialog: don’t know why. Mace - the locking
text: system on Icarus I is ripped open.
dialog: We aren’t going to be able to dock
dialog: again.
scene_heading: iT. ICARU! ‘OUTSIDE AIRLOCK
text: MACE - thinking fast.
dialog: 
dialog: 56.
text: HARVEY ~ close to panicking.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: We're fucked.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: No.
text: He looks to the MIRRORED SPACE SUITS.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Suit up.
text: A moment.
dialog: ‘There are several suits, but...
scene_heading: HARVEY .
dialog: ++. We can’t. Not all of us. Who
dialog: will lock the helmets?
text: Another moment - then both MACE and HARVEY turn to look at
scene_heading: SEARLE.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: It seems I’11 be staying behind
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (simple, hard)
dialog: Agreed.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. ICARUS I/OUTSIDE AIRLOCK
text: HARVEY and MACE are both suited, except for the helmets.
text: SEARLE has HARVEY'S ready.
text: HARVEY can hardly meet SEARLE’S gaze.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Searle - I...
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: I know.
text: The helmet comes down over HARVEY, and SEARLE locks it down.
text: Leaving MACE.
dialog: 57.
text: SEARLE takes the helmet over to MACE.
text: MACE looks straight into SEARLE’S eyes, meeting the gaze
dialog: evenly.
text: Something between them. Something about the fact that they
text: both know SEARLE is going to die.
text: And something about the power that SEARLE has over MACE at
text: that moment - if he refuses to lock the helmet.
dialog: “But neither say a word.
text: And the helmet goes down, and SEARLE locks it into place.
scene_heading: Int. ICARUS I/OUTSIDE AIRLOCK
text: SEARLE is gone. —
text: MACE and HARVEY are alone.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: (over radio link)
dialog: Okay. We've got just one shot.
dialog: You ready for this?
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: (over radio link)
dialog: I’m ready.
text: HARVEY opens the door to the airlock.
text: Immediately, both men are sucked out, into the airlock...
text: +.. then ejected through the broken outer door of the
text: airlock, and into outer space.
scene_heading: EX?. ICARUS II
dialog: Silence as...
text: ++. we watch MACE and HARVEY shoot out from ICARUS I, towards
dialog: ICARUS II...
text: .-. in the weightlessness of space, they have no control over
dialog: themselves.
text: They collide, and send each other spinning off course...
text: Some way distant from each other, they both slam into the
text: side of ICARUS II.
dialog: 58.
text: The impact is shocking.
text: MACE has managed to hold on to the edge of a mirrored panel.
text: But HARVEY has not.
text: He has bounced off the hull at an odd angle, and is now
text: falling down the side of ICARUS II, towards MACE. ~
text: A STRANGE, SLOW SEQUENCE.
text: HARVEY is only a couple of metres from the side of the ship.
text: When he reaches out his hand, his fingertips are only an inch
text: from the side of the hull. :
text: But he is in zero gravity vacuum. ‘There is nothing he can do
dialog: to affect his trajectory. .
text: He twists. Stretches. Strains.
dialog: All to no effect.
text: He passes within a few feet of MACE.
text: If MACE were to relinquish his hold on the panel, he could
text: easily reach HARVEY.
text: But he doesn’t, and HARVEY floats by.
text: HARVEY continues on this nightmarish journey, down the entire
dialog: length of ICARUS II...
text: ++. where we can see, once he moves past ICARUS II, he will
text: suddenly be unshielded from the sunlight.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT DECK
text: CASSIE and CORAZON are watching this, horrified, from
text: HARVEY’S helmet cam.
text: And worse, we can now hear what we couldn’t hear before.
text: HARVEY'S desperate screaming over the radio link.
text: CASSIE can't bear it. She lunges - switching the image off,
text: cutting out the screaming. .
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: EXT. ICARUS
text: Back to silence again...
text: --- as HARVEY slips past ICARUS II, into the sunlight, and
text: burns up in an instant.
speaker_heading: FADE 0:
scene_heading: INT. BRIEFING ROOM
text: CAPA, MACE, CASSIE and CORAZON sit in the briefing room.
text: The empty seats say everything they need to.
text: A long beat. Then:
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: If Trey dies, we'll have the oxygen
text: to make it to the delivery point.
scene_heading: INT. MESS
text: The four crew members eat. in silence.
scene_heading: INT. RECREATION ROOM
text: CAPA is in the recreation room.
text: He walks over to the chess board.
text: The pieces are laid out half way through a a game — abandoned
text: between him and ASHER.
text: He sits down and studies the board for a few moments.
text: Then he tips over the white king.
text: Another moment passes. :
text: Then CAPA suddenly lashes out and sweeps his hand violently
text: across the board, scattering the pieces across the room.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM
text: CAPA opens the door of the observation room,
text: The brightness is amazingly intense.
dialog: 60.
text: CAPA buckles over, shielding his face with both arms.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Icarus! Reset! Reset!
text: The light lowers.
scene_heading: INT. MED CENTER
text: CAPA stands leoking in to TREY’S glass cubicle.
text: TREY is asleep, but clearly having a nightmare.
text: CAPA sees something reflected in the glass.
text: CAPA looks around - and startles.
text: MACE is there, behind him, also looking in at TREY.
text: CAPA composes himself.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Wondering whether to kill him?
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Me neither. I’m wondering how to
dialog: kill him.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Joke.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Right.
text: CAPA turns back to TREY.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Mace - have you been to the
dialog: observation room since...
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: We lost Searle? No. Why?
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Just ~ the light level was
text: ineredibly high.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: It must have been the level Searle
dialog: left it.
scene_heading: INT. COMMS CENTER
text: CAPA is in the COMMS CENTER.
text: In the cubicle, he is talking to SEARLE.
text: The image is poor. The sound is distorted, and through it we
text: can hear the solar wind.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: We're going to come back for you,
text: Searle. After the payload. On the
dialog: return journey.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: You aren’t going to have a return
dialog: journey.
text: CAPA ignores this.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: You have to try to orientate the
text: hull breach away from the sun.
dialog: It’s the only way the ship will
dialog: survive.
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: Capa - let me ask you something.
dialog: Why do you think survival is so
dialog: important? Why do we give it such
dialog: a high premium? °
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m no longer interested in
dialog: — survival. I have other plans.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: ae. What plans?
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: To die in the epicentre of a
text: stellar fission bomb explosion.
text: The image is lost suddenly.
text: Then returns a few moments later.
dialog: 62-
speaker_heading: SEARLE
dialog: I’m giving you enough time to make
dialog: sufficient distance from the
dialog: detonation. I think a few million
dialog: miles should do it.
text: The image is going again.
text: The sound distorting.
dialog: Before it goes completely...
scene_heading: SEARLE .
dialog: It’s true, Capa. What Pinbacker
dialog: said.
text: It’s gone.
scene_heading: INT. ICARUS I/COMMS ROOM
text: SEARLE looks at a frozen distortion of CAPA’S face.
text: The only sound is static and solar wind.
text: Phen the image goes completely.
text: SEARLE is utterly alone.
text: He looks at his digital watch.
speaker_heading: Int. I DI
text: SEARLE sits at the flight deck. -
text: He hits a button.
text: A string of numbers flash up on the HUD: 57600.00
text: SEARLE hits another button.
text: The string of numbers starts counting down.
text: SEARLE sets his digital watch to match the countdown.
scene_heading: NT. I zr ss
text: SEARLE sits in the Mess.
text: We see at once he has a few days beard growth.
dialog: 63.
text: He has a plate of yellow food paste and a glass of water.
text: He eats his meal quietly, unhurried.
scene_heading: iT. ICARUS I/OXYGEN GARDEN
text: SEARLE’S beard now shows a fortnight of growth. a
text: He is trimming back dead fern fronds.
text: The garden looks well tended and under control.
scene_heading: NT. ICARI I/PA’ SA
text: SEARLE, with several weeks. of beard growth, opens the doors
dialog: of a huge hanger. We haven’t been here before, on: either
speaker_heading: ICARUS I or II. .
text: It is the payload bay.
text: And in the middle of the bay is the STELLAR FISSION BOMB.
speaker_heading: The BOMB is a CUBE,
text: Smooth, featureless, . flawless.
text: Each of its sides are MIRRORED.
text: +--+ and each of its sides are the length of a football pitch.
text: SEARLE stands before it, completely dwarfed by the size.
text: SEARLE checks his watch.
dialog: The number is 00006.12
text: SEARLE walks up to the FISSION BOMB and presses it.
text: He has triggered a hidden door on the smooth surface, which
text: opens.
text: Inside there is only darkness.
text: SEARLE steps inside, and the door closes behind him,
text: returning to the featureless mirror it was before.
scene_heading: INT. ICARUS I/INSIDE THE BOMB
text: Darkness.
dialog: 64.
text: Then a light - from a glow-stick lamp in SEARLE'S hands.
text: SEARLE is faintly illuminated, but still surrounded by total
dialog: darkness.
text: SEARLE walks.
text: Then stops, and sits cross-legged on the floor.
text: He checks his watch a last time.
text: The countdown is at 00000.07
text: The last seven seconds pass.
text: The timer runs out.
text: --- And for a few moments, nothing happens.
text: Then, in the middle of the chamber, directly above where
text: SEARLE sits, a single SPARK appears in the air.
text: It fizzes and pops, but remains in roughly the same location,
text: moving like a firefly.
text: Then, suddenly, the SPARK splité into TWO SPARKS.
text: SEARLE‘S FACE - his expression is pure delight.
text: The fizzing SPARKS double again to four...
dialog: Then four to eight, then sixteen, then thirty two, sixty
dialog: four...
text: ++. and suddenly the SPARKS are multiplying with exponential
dialog: speed.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ICARUS IT
text: ICARUS II flies through dark space.
text: Seconds later, behind ICARUS II, there is the biggest
dialog: explosion in Science Fiction history.
text: For a moment, it as if a new sun has been born.
text: Then, almost as fast as it came into being, the fabric of the
text: small star begins to split and pull itself apart, and
dialog: dissipate...
dialog: 65.
dialog: +e. until it is gone.
speaker_heading: ._ MED R
text: CAPA, MACE, CASSIE and CORAZON stand in the med center.
text: They looking in at TREY’S cubicle. .
text: REVERSE ANGLE - revealing what they see.
text: TREY is dead.
text: His wrists are cut.
text: Blood is everywhere.
text: On the wall, before his death, he has written...
scene_heading: THE FACE OF GOD
dialog: +». in his own bleed.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: (quietly angry)
dialog: Who did it?
text: Silence from the others.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Come on ~ we all know he didn’t
dialog: wake up and cut his wrists. We all
dialog: know it was one of us. So which
dialog: one? Who was it?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Shut up, Capa.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: It was you?
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: No - it wasn’t me.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Was it you, Cassie?
text: CASSIE doesn’t answer. And she seems too shattered by TREY’S
text: death to have been the killer.
text: CAPA turns to CORAZON.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: Don’t fucking look at me.
text: CAPA keeps looking at her.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: Don’t look at me! I didn’t doa vs
dialog: thing! ° But...
dialog: (snaps )}
dialog: --. but I fucking should have done!
dialog: It’s better that he’s dead! So TI
dialog: don’t care if he cut his wrists or
dialog: one of us did it for him! Now we
dialog: can complete what we came here for!
dialog: The mission!
text: -She looks around at the others.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: Right?
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: Right?
scene_heading: INT. MESS
text: CAPA walks into the MESS.
text: Only CASSIE is there, sitting alone, with a plate of
text: untouched food in front of her.
text: She’s lost in her thoughts and doesn’t look round when he
text: enters.
text: CAPA fills a glass of water for himself and goes to sit
text: opposite her.
text: He wants to say something to her...
text: +++ but he doesn’t know what.
text: He just sits there, holding his glass of water.
text: A few seconds later, CASSIE gets up and leaves.
text: She hadn’t looked at him once. It was as if he wasn’t there.
dialog: 
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: INT. CAPA’S Bi
text: CAPA lies in bed, awake, in shorts and T-shirt, staring at
text: the ceiling.
text: He hears a noise.
text: He slides open his privacy partition.
text: Over the other side of the SLEEPING QUARTERS, CAPA can see
scene_heading: CASSIE’S BUNK.
text: Behind the frosted partition, we can see there are two
text: figures inside.
text: It’s MACE and CASSIE, discernable through the frosted glass,
dialog: having sex each other.
text: CAPA watches them a few moments.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR/OUTSIDE OBSERVATION ROOM
text: CAPA is walking down a corridor in his shorts and T-shirt.
text: He stops at the door to the observation room.
text: He opens the door...
text: ++. and is bathed in blinding light.
text: The level in the observation room has been reset again.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Jesus, Icarus! Turn it down!
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Yes, Capa.
text: The lights comes down to a dull glow.
text: CAPA steps inside.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM
text: CAPA sits on the observation sofa, and looks at the sun.
text: It’s a dull orange glow. And it’s huge. Taking up most of
text: the observation room portal.
dialog: 68.
dialog: We haven’‘t realised until now how close they are to reaching
dialog: the star.
text: For a few moments, CAPA watches the solar flares explode
text: outwards from the boiling surface.
dialog: Then: “>
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: How long to go, Icarus?:
dialog: No answer.
dialog: Unusual - ICARUS has always responded immediately to all
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Icarus?
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Yes, Capa.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: How long to go?
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Please rephrase the question. How
dialog: long to go until what?
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Until we reach the payload delivery
dialog: point.
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: The payload delivery point will be
dialog: reached in seven days.
speaker_heading: CAPA
text: Seven days. A week. After nearly
dialog: twenty months.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Jesus. Put like that, I’m almost
dialog: glad.
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Glad of what, Capa?
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Glad we don’t have the oxygen to
dialog: get us back. Glad it’s turned into
dialog: a one-way trip. I don’t think I'd
dialog: be able to stand the return
dialog: journey.
dialog: 
text: A moment.
text: A beat.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: That is true, Capa. It will bea
dialog: ene way trip.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Not for you necessarily. You can
dialog: always go back without. us.
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Negative.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Why not? No point in floating here
dialog: for another ten billion years.
dialog: Ride the solar winds and take our
dialog: bodies back. Give our families a.
dialog: bunch of bones to bury.
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Negative. I will not be able to
dialog: make the return journey and deliver
dialog: your corpses. I will be piloting
text: the stellar fission bomb into the
dialog: sun.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: +++ What?
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: I will be piloting the stellar...
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Yes. Copy. Why?
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Directive one: deliver the payload.
dialog: Directive two: ensure crew's
dialog: survival on outward journey in
dialog: order to safeguard against computer
dialog: malfunction and system error and
dialog: unforeseen circumstances.
dialog: Directive three: if the crew do not
dialog: survive the outward journey, Icarus
text: II will deliver the payload itself.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: ++. But why are you saying we won’t
dialog: survive the outward journey?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CAPA ( cont'd)
dialog: You just told me, there’s only
dialog: seven days left.
speaker_heading: ! ICARUS
dialog: : Owing to oxygen shortage, remaining
dialog: crew will not survive beyond five
dialog: days.
speaker_heading: CAPA °
dialog: Five days?
dialog: (a moment)
dialog: .-- But Corazon was certain. There
dialog: are current oxygen reserves to keep
text: four crew alive.
speaker_heading: : ICARUS
dialog: Affirmative. Four crew would
dialog: survive seven days on current
dialog: reserves, and reach delivery point.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: " CAPA
dialog: ” ++. But Trey’s dead. There are
text: only four crew members.
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Negative.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Affirmative! Four crew! Mace,
dialog: Cassie, Corazon and me.
speaker_heading: ICARUS
text: Five crew members.
text: CAPA'’S face. Sudden cold realisation. Dawning.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Icarus.
speaker_heading: i ICARUS
dialog: Yes, Capa.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Who is the fifth?
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Unknown. .
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: «++ Where is the fifth?
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: ICARUS
text: In the observation room.
text: Pull back to reveal, BEHIND CAPA, a dark figure.
text: In the gloom we can’t see him clearly, but we know who it is.
dialog: We've seen the silhouette before.
dialog: .
scene_heading: PINBACKER.
text: And as CAPA whirls around, rising off the sofa, PINBACKER is
text: swiping something through the air.
text: A length of something. A metal bar.
text: It hits CAPA around the side of the head, and CAPA is send
text: crashing to the floor.
text: Dazed, he scrambles backwards.
text: He looks up.
text: PINBACKER is there, about to bring the bar down in a killing
dialog: blow.
text: CAPA raises his hands just in time, and the bar connects
text: sickeningly on CAPA'S arm.
text: CAPA screams in pain.
text: PINBACKER raises the bar again.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Iearus! Full sunlight!
text: SUNLIGHT fills the room - bleaching everything to whiteness.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR/OUTSIDE OBSERVATION ROOM
text: The corridor outside the observation room.
text: The door to the observation room opens, and LIGHT floods out.
text: On his hands and knees, CAPA scrambles out.
text: He’s bleeding from the side of his head.
text: He tries to get up.
text: He trips - falls sideways.
dialog: 
dialog: 72.
text: He’s blinking, tears streaming from his eyes, temporarily
text: half-blinded. .
text: He picks himself up, and stumbling, arms outstretched, starts
dialog: to run.
text: He runs out of shot... : os
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: PINBACKER steps out of the observation room.
text: He stands a moment in the blaze - upright, back-lit by the
text: SUNLIGHT from the open observation room.
text: A biackened silhouette shape.
text: The door behind him closes.
dialog: And now we can see two things about him.
text: One - PINBACKER is naked.
text: Two - where the SUNLIGHT had been blazing against his back,
text: the skin is not steaming but smoking.
text: Even burning. Tiny flames lick on the edges of crusts of
text: skin, that glow like coal embers, or miniature lava streams.
text: Unconcerned by what must be immeasurable pain, PINBACKER
text: turns in the direction CAPA fled, and gives chase.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: CAPA runs.
text: He looks behind him - and sees PINBACKER’S black, smoking
text: figure running after him.
text: CAPA ducks through a door.
scene_heading: INT. AIRLOCK
text: CAPA has run into the AIRLOCK.
text: A total dead end.
text: Panic on CAPA’S face.
text: CAPA turns and sees PINBACKER entering the airlock.
dialog: 
dialog: 73.
text: CAPA lunges for a panel -
text: ~- and the glass interior pressure door slides shut, sealing
text: CAPA in the AIRLOCK, and PINBACKER on the other side.
text: PINBACKER stops at the door.
dialog: Checks it. >
text: Tries to open it.
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Access denied. Interior pressure
text: door is manually locked from the
dialog: other side.
text: A moment, as PINBACKER and CAPA face each other through the
dialog: glass... :
text: --- and we see the PINBACKER’S face clearly for the first
dialog: time since we saw him on the broadcast.
text: In comparison with before, PINBACKER’S skin is so sun-damaged
text: and eaten with melanomas we can hardly recognise him.
text: The moment is held.
dialog: Then:
text: PINBACKER lifts his hand and presses the panel on his side of
text: the door.
dialog: Then:
text: PINBACKER turns, and leaves.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: oo CAPA
dialog: Yeah! That’s it! Can’t get me,
dialog: you psycho!
dialog: Silence.
text: CAPA peers through the glass.
text: PINBACKER definitely seems to have gone.
text: Cautiously, CAPA presses the panel on his side of the door.
dialog: And nothing happens.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Access denied. Interior pressure
text: door in manually locked from the
dialog: other side.
text: PINBACKER has locked CAPA in.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: (realising)
dialog: +. Shit.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: CAPA
text: Tearus. Radio link to Mace.
speaker_heading: ICARUS
text: Radio comms to airlock has been
text: Manually closed down.
text: CAPA slams his fist against the glass.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Fuck! FUCK! FU-
text: cur fo REVERSE SIDE of glass, where CAPA rages and punches
text: the glass in total silence.
text: CAPA exhausts himself.
text: Then - sees, inside the airlock, the mirrored space suits.
scene_heading: SILENT SEQUENCE
text: «++ almost comic as CAPA puts on the bulky space suit,
text: struggling against its weight and clumsiness...
text: ‘,.. until only the helmet is left to fit - which, as has been
dialog: established, can’t be locked down by one man alone.
text: CAPA puts the helmet over his head anyway.
text: We see him trying to reach his hands up to the locking
dialog: mechanism - but it is impossible.
text: Even if CAPA was strong enough to cope with the weight of the
dialog: suit in gravity, the material of the suit won’t allow such
text: flexibility for him to reach up to the side of helmet.
text: CAPA stops a moment, propped up against the side of the
text: airlock.
text: He is gathering strength for one last effort...
dialog: 75.
text: Then he lowers his head like a bull about to charge...
text: .«»- and hurls himself at the opposite airlock wall...
text: ..- Head-butting the wall as hard as he can.
text: Even is silence, the impact looks horrible.
text: CAPA falls to the floor.
text: Then sits up.
text: The tactic has worked. The helmet is attached.
scene_heading: EXT. ICARUS II
text: “Outside ICARUS II, CAPA makes his way over the mirrored skin
text: of the space ship.
text: Past him, past ICARUS II, we see where the sun shines, close
text: and massive, dominating the view of space.
scene_heading: Int XYGEN. EN
text: CORAZON stands in her destroyed oxygen garden, amongst the
text: ashes and stumps of the tree ferns.
text: Her expression is as desolated as her garden.
text: Above her, we see a little figure crawling across the
text: geodesic dome.
speaker_heading: CAPA.
scene_heading: EXT. ICARUS IT/GEODESIC DOME
text: CAPA lies on the geodesic dome, shouting, waving his arms.
text: Pointless, obviously.
text: But for some reason, perhaps intuition, CORAZON does look up.
scene_heading: EXT. ICARUS II/GEODESIC DOME
text: CORAZON looks up at CAPA on the other side of the geodesic
text: dome, puzzled.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: Icarus - what exactly is Capa doing
text: on the outside of the spaceship?
speaker_heading: ICARUS
text: Capa was unable to open the airlock
text: door. The door is manually sealed.
dialog: I have no directive to break the
dialog: manual seal of the airlock unless
dialog: commanded by ship’s superior
dialog: officer, in order to allow airlock
text: to function as brig in emergencies.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: «s+ Right.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
text: Radio link to Mace.
dialog: A moment - then:
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: {over radio link)
dialog: Mace here.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: Mace - you need to go and override
text: the airlock door.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: eee Why?
speaker_heading: CORAZON -
dialog: You aren’t going to believe this..
text: but Capa appears to have locked
dialog: himself out.
scene_heading: EXT. ICAR' Lt ODESIC DOME
text: CAPA looks down at CORAZON...
text: ++. who gives him the thumbs up.
scene_heading: INT. INSIDE CAPA’S HELMET
text: Relief on CAPA’S face.
dialog: Then... something else.
dialog: 
dialog: 77.
text: Alarm.
scene_heading: EXT. ICARUS IT/GEODESIC DOME
text: Looking down at CORAZON, we see what CAPA sees.
text: PINBACKER is in the oxygen garden with CORAZON. >
text: He’s twenty or so metres away, walking towards her with the
text: metal bar in his hands.
text: CAPA begins to gesticulate wildly.
text: And CORAZON doesn’t understand.
scene_heading: INT. OXYGEN GARDEN
text: CORAZON looks up at CAPA, shaking her head slightly.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: That’s it. It’s official. He has
dialog: totally lost the plot.
text: And behind her, PINBACKER is getting nearer.
text: Walking steadily, relaxed, no apparent need for stealth...
text: +++ because he is treading only on ashes, and making no
dialog: sound.
text: CAPA is gesticulating like crazy.
text: CORAZON lifts her hand and gives CAPA a cheery wave.
speaker_heading: CORAZON
dialog: a (exaggerated mouthing of
dialog: the words to allow Capa
dialog: to lip-read)
dialog: Yes - everything’s okay now. You
dialog: can go back to the airlock...
dialog: (between tight lips)
dialog: +--+ you total nut case.
text: And PINBACKER is almost on her...
text: .+- and CORAZON hesitates in her wave.
text: Frowns.
text: She hasn‘t heard something.
dialog: 78.
text: She has smelled something.
text: She turns - sees PINBACKER - and screams.
scene_heading: EXT. US II/GEODESIC
text: From the outside of the geodesic dome, CAPA watches...
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: No!
text: ++» as CORAZON is attacked.
text: CAPA is in and MACE is releasing the helmet claps.
text: As the helmet come off...
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Capa - what the Hell were you doing
dialog: out - :
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Corazon!
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: He's killing Corazon!
text: MACE grabs CAPA by the shoulders, cutting through CAPA’S
text: desperate panic.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: What are you talking about? Who is
dialog: killing Corazon?
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Pinbacker!
scene_heading: INT. OXYGEN GARDEN
text: CAPA and MACE burst into the oxygen garden...
dialog: 
dialog: - 79.
text: ++. and see CORAZON.
text: She has been beaten to death.
text: A beat.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: CAPA & MACE
dialog: (together)
dialog: Cassie.
dialog: MACE .
dialog: Icarus. Locate Cassie.
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Last confirmed location of Cassie
text: in the payload bay. Current
dialog: location uncertain.
speaker_heading: ” CAPA
dialog: Where is Pinbacker?
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Last confirmed location on the
dialog: flight deck. Current location
dialog: uncertain. My monitoring systems
dialog: are being shut down.
speaker_heading: CAPA
text: Radio link to payload bay.
speaker_heading: ICARUS
dialog: Radio link functions have been shut
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: The payload bay. Let’s go.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: No. Wait. We need a weapon. The
text: Captain's quarters.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: No time.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Mace - we have to survive this.
dialog: The mission. It’s more important
dialog: than Cassie. We need the weapon.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: You survive it.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 80.
text: And MACE is off.
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN'S QUARTERS
text: CAPA enters ASHER’S quarters, and sees at once that:
text: The wall-mounted cabinet is open, and the HANDGUN is gone.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Shit.
text: CAPA thinks desperately.
text: Starts turning ASHER’S room over, looking for something,
dialog: anything, that will function as a weapon...
text: And in-a drawer he finds the bottle of champagne that ASHER
dialog: had mentioned before.
text: CAPA grabs it, then smashes it on the side of the desk...
text: ++. leaving him a broken bottle neck.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR/OUTSIDE PAYLOAD BAY
text: CAPA moves down a corridor.
text: He sweating - looks scared.
text: He’s moving stealthily.
text: Gripped fiercely in his hand is the broken bottle neck.
text: CAPA reaches the door to the PAYLOAD BAY.
text: The door opens.
text: CAPA slips inside.
scene_heading: INT. PAYLOAD BAY
text: Similar to the PAYLOAD BAY of ICARUS I.
text: Cavernous, and in the middle is the vast mirrored cube of the
scene_heading: STELLAR FISSION BOMB.
text: CAPA stands motionless.
text: Standing further into the PAYLOAD BAY is MACE.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 81.
text: His arms hang by his sides.
text: His back is to CAPA.
text: It is unclear what MACE is doing, or looking at.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: (hisses) 7
dialog: «ee Mace!
text: MACE doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Mace!
text: Now MACE reacts.
text: He turns, slowly.
text: And we see his chest is soaked in blood.
text: Then he collapses.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Mace?
text: A noise from above.
text: CAPA looks up to the WALKWAY COMPLEX that stretches across
text: the top of the hanger...
text: »-. and sees a figure on one of the walkways.
text: But it’s not PINBACKER.
dialog: It’s CASSIE.
text: And-she’s pointing the HANDGUN straight at him.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Cassie!
text: She fires.
text: A single shot - which misses.
text: Stunned, CAPA scurries for cover.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: {shouts )
dialog: What are you doing?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
text: (out of sight, shouting
dialog: from the walkway)
dialog: Stay away from me!
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: But it's me! Capa!
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Murderer! °
text: Another shot rings out.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: I didn’t kill anyone! You've
dialog: killed Mace!
speaker_heading: : CASSIE
dialog: And I’11 kill you too! I’m past
dialog: taking fucking chances! One of you
dialog: murdered Trey and Corazon!
text: Another shot.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Cassie - stop! You don’t
dialog: understand! It wasn’t either of
dialog: sus!
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: (screams )
dialog: I don't believe you!
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: (screams back) a
dialog: It was Pinbacker!
text: Silence from above.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: CAPA
text: It was the captain of the Icarus
dialog: One! He got on board while we were
dialog: docked!
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: He was the one who decoupled the
text: airlocks.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Cassie?
text: CAPA looks around - and sees a ladder leading up to the
text: walkways.
scene_heading: INT. PAYLOAD BAY/LADDER - ~
text: CAPA climbs the ladder up.
text: He is halfway up when he hears a muffled shout and then the
text: clatter of metal on metal.
text: He looks around to see...
text: +.- spinning through the air, falling down to the bottom of
text: the Payload Bay, the HANDGUN.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Cassie!
scene_heading: INT. PAYLOAD BAY/WALKWAYS
text: CAPA reaches the top of the ladder, and swings around to
text: stand on the narrow walkway.
dialog: Where he sees...
text: ++. a strange sight.
text: PINBACKER stands on the walkway, with his hand outstretched.
text: Holding’on to his hand, leaning back at ‘an angle, is CASSIE.
text: It is only PINBACKER’S grip that is preventing CASSIE from
text: falling backwards.
text: For a moment, the two stand on the edge of the walkway -—
text: CASSIE held from falling by PINBACKER’S grip.
text: Their gazes are locked.
text: Then CASSIE makes a slight movement backwards - a slight
dialog: slip.
text: And she sees: something weird and initially inexplicable - a
text: band of bright redness around PINBACKER’S upper arm.
dialog: Expanding...
dialog: }
dialog: é
dialog: be
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 84.
text: Yhen suddenly, it becomes explicable.
text: PINBACKER’S skin is sloughing off his arm like a long black
dialog: glove...
text: CASSIE screams.
text: +». then CASSIE is falling, taking the glove with her,
text: tumbling into space...
text: +-- dropping the entire height of the PAYLOAD BAY...
text: ++. until she slams into the floor and is killed outright.
text: PINBACKER turns to CAPA, his arm now as red and slick as a
text: skinned rabbit.
text: CAPA starts backing away, warding PINBACKER off with his
text: bottle-neck weapon.
text: PINBACKER continues to advance.
text: But the walkway only leads one way.
dialog: To the...
scene_heading: iT. PA’ BAY/STELLAR FISSION BOMB
text: +s. top side of the STELLAR FISSION BOMB.
text: The two men now stand on top of the BOMB.
text: Blood from PINBACKER’S skinned arm leaves a trail of droplets
text: on the mirrored surface as he advances on CAPA.
text: On the mirrored surface, with his bloody arm and ravaged skin
dialog: and bright eyes...
text: +--+ he no longer looks like he was ever human.
text: He looks like a DEMON.
dialog: And this may be why - when they have reached the middle of
text: the vast cube - CAPA stops...
text: .--+ and his bottle-neck weapon slips from his fingers, as if
text: conceding its uselessness.
text: And he drops to his knees.
text: PINBACKER - possibly surprised by the gesture of prayer -
text: also stops.
dialog: 85.
text: CAPA’S head is bowed.
text: A moment passes.
text: Then his shoulders begin to shake.
text: We realise he is crying.
text: A few more moments pass.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: I know you’re going to kill me.
dialog: You killed everyone else. How can
dialog: I stop you? I’m no good at
dialog: fighting. I’m a physicist, for
dialog: Christ’s sake. I never won a fight
dialog: in my fucking life.
text: He wipes his nose with his sleeve, leaving a silvery trail of
dialog: snot.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: I don’t really understand. TI don’t
dialog: really understand what’s happening
dialog: here at all.
text: CAPA looks up at the DEMONIC MAN.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Are you from Hell? Is that it?
dialog: Have we flown too near the sun and
dialog: disturbed the angels, or angered
dialog: them, or...
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: What is the face of God?
dialog: This was the question to ask.
text: PINBACKER’S head tilts to the side.
text: Then he opens his mouth to speak.
text: PINBACKER hasn’t spoken since he made the recording on ICARUS
dialog: I.
text: The movement to his jaw causes his skin to rupture and split
dialog: horrifically...
text: +--+ and the damaged sound of his voice seems to echo the
text: damage to his body.
dialog: oop a
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: PINBACKER
dialog: You mean to...
text: PINBACKER breaks off. Perhaps halted by the pain of
dialog: speaking.
text: . Then he continues.
speaker_heading: PINBACKER
dialog: You mean to ask, what is God? If
dialog: you look at God, you see his face.
dialog: : CAPA ;
dialog: Okay. Yes. That is what I mean.
dialog: What is God?
speaker_heading: PINBACKER ;
dialog: God is what gave us life and God is
dialog: what will take it away. God is the
dialog: sun.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: The sun?
text: CAPA shakes his head, not understanding. Almost getting
dialog: angry.
text: A moment.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: But... then why are you trying to
dialog: stop us? The sun is dying. Why
dialog: won’t you let us save it? .
speaker_heading: PINBACKER -
dialog: Do you know the distance between
dialog: here and the next nearest star?
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: One point six light years.
speaker_heading: PINBACKER
dialog: One point six light years. No
dialog: matter what mankind does, no matter
dialog: how far we develop or evolve, we
dialog: will never reach that star. The
dialog: distances are simply to great.
text: PINBACKER smiles.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: PINBACKER
dialog: And even if we could overcome that
dialog: impossibility, we would still only
dialog: be delaying the inevitable.
dialog: Because just as our sun died, so
dialog: would the next, and the next.
dialog: Until eventually, there would be no
dialog: more suns to harvest, and we'd be .
dialog: right back where we are now.
text: Facing extinction. Confronting the
dialog: only real truth.
text: PINBACKER pauses.
text: And we - and CAPA - see something that PINBACKER does not.
text: Standing behind him - battered, bleeding, clutching a hand to
text: his -chest with one hand, but still alive - is MACE.
text: And in MACE’S other hand, he’s holding CASSIE’S gun.
text: MACE is trying to raise the gun. Weakly. Slowly.
text: CAPA stalls for more time.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: What truth?
speaker_heading: PINBACKER
dialog: That all this effort to survive is
dialog: wasted. It’s not in our destiny to
dialog: survive. It’s not even in our
dialog: nature.
text: As PINBACKER talks, the gun is being raised higher.
speaker_heading: PINBACKER
dialog: None of us do it. Not our parents.
dialog: — Not our children. Not the fishes,
dialog: or the birds, or the trees. Not
dialog: even God.
text: And now, the gun is levelled at the back of PINBACKER’S head.
speaker_heading: PINBACKER
dialog: The only thing in our nature is to
dialog: die.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Okay.
text: PINBACKER'S eyes flick to the side.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ft
dialog: wine ge
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Then die.
text: PINBACKER turns.
text: Looks at MACE, at the gun barrel...
dialog: «+. then shrugs. .
speaker_heading: PINBACKER -
dialog: By all means.
text: MACE fires.
text: PINBACKER is shot in the face.
text: The back of his head flies off, and he folds to the floor.
dialog: Dead.
text: MACE slumps to his knees. The gun drops out of his hand.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: What...
text: He’s running out of breath. He tries again.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: What... was all that about?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: I don't know. I was just trying to
dialog: keep him talking so I could figure
dialog: out what to do next.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT DECK
text: MACE is bandaged.
text: CAPA is beside him.
text: Both are looking in at the compartment which holds ICARUS’S
dialog: memory banks.
text: They are destroyed, in the same manner as the destruction of
text: the computer on ICARUS I.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: He really did a number on her.
dialog: She’s not going back together,
dialog: that’s for sure.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: How are we going to fly the
dialog: remaining distance? ~
speaker_heading: MACE °
dialog: As your pilot, I don't foresee a
dialog: problem.
text: MACE looks towards the cockpit display. The sun occupies the
text: entire monitor.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: It’s not like we’re going to get
dialog: lost. .
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT DECK
text: MACE sits in the pilot’s seat, working the console.
text: CAPA is in the copilot’s seat...
text: ++. Capa is setting the countdown timer.
text: Countdown numbers appear on the screen.
dialog: They read: 08640.05
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT AIRLOCK
text: Wrapped in shrouds, four bodies wait in the airlock, in a
text: row, on the floor.
text: CASSIE, TREY, CORAZON, and PINBACKER.
text: CAPA and MACE stand on the other side of the pressurised
text: glass airlock door.
text: A few seconds later, the outer airlock door opens, and the
text: bodies are ejected in the rush of escaping air.
dialog: 
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: EXT. ICARUS IT
text: The bodies tumble out into space, and burn into nothingness
text: almost at once.
text: We see that the ICARUS II has virtually reached the sun.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT. DARK ROOM
text: In a dark room, CAPA and MACE sit staring at the chess board.
text: They, and the chess board, are illuminated by a lamp.
text: The pieces are all set up to play. Neither have yet moved.
dialog: B long beat.
text: Eventually, CAPA reaches over to MACE’S side of the board and
text: moves his WHITE KING’S PAWN two spaces.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: That’s the most common first move.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Oh. Right.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yeah, I’1l do that then.
text: CAPA neds, then moves his BLACK KING’S PAWN to counter.
text: Back to silence as MACE studies the board. -
dialog: Until eventually...
speaker_heading: a CAPA
dialog: Mace - I really don't think you
dialog: have long enough to learn how to
dialog: play chess.
text: MACE looks crestfallen.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: +.- But I always wanted to learn.
dialog: What other chance am I going to
dialog: have?
dialog: CAPA thinks about this.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Okay.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: So, why don’t you see if your
dialog: bishop or knight could be S
dialog: developed?
dialog: .
text: At that moment, above CAPA’S head, a single fizzing, popping,
text: firefly SPARK appears.
text: CAPA looks up to watch it.
text: MACE does not. He is too engrossed in the board.
speaker_heading: MACE
dialog: Okay. How about this?
text: MACE moves one of his knights.
text: The SPARK doubles to two.
speaker_heading: CAPA
dialog: Yeah. That’s a good move...
dialog: You‘re getting the hang.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN
speaker_heading: CAPTION:
dialog: 8 Minutes Later
scene_heading: FADE UP TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - DAY
text: A park in the middle of a city.
text: A DOG is being taken for a walk by an WOMAN.
text: We have seen the DOG before, on a hologram-photo: MAXWELL.
dialog: By the light levels, we would estimate the time is either
text: late afternoon or early morning.
text: The WOMAN throws a ball, and MAXWELL runs after it...
speaker_heading: LP
dialog: 
dialog: 92.
text: +++ over the grass, to where the ball is bouncing.
text: He picks it up in his teeth...
text: «-- and as he does so, the light levels all seems to
dialog: change...
text: ++. brightening.
text: No more dramatic than when the sun appears from behind a
dialog: cloud.
text: MAXWELL looks up at the sky for a moment.
text: Then, with the ball still in his teeth, he starts running
text: back towards the WOMAN.
dialog: 
