dialog: 
scene_heading: SUNSET BOULEVARD
dialog: Charles Brackett
dialog: Billy Wilder
dialog: D.M. Marshman, Jr.
dialog: March 21,1949
speaker_heading: SEQUENCE "A"
text: A-l-4 START the picture with the actual street sign:
text: SUNSET BOULEVARD, stencilled on a curbstope.
text: In the gutter lie dead leaves, scraps of paper,
text: burnt matches and cigarette butts. It is early
dialog: morning.
text: Now the CAMERA leaves the sign and MOVES EAST, the
text: grey asphalt of the street filling the screen. As
text: speed accelerates to around 40 m.p.h., traffic de-
text: marcations, white arrows, speed-limit warnings, man-
text: hole covers, etc., flash by. SUPERIMPOSED on all
text: this are the CREDIT TITLES, in the stencilled style
text: of the street sign.
text: Over the scene we now hear MAN'S VOICE
text: sirens. Police squad cars Yes, this is Sunset
text: hurtle toward the camera, Boulevard, Los Angeles,
text: turn off the road into a California. It's about
text: driveway with squealing five o'clock in the
dialog: brakes. Dismounted motor- morning. That's the
dialog: cycle cops stand directing Homicide Squad, com-
text: the cars in. plete with detectives
dialog: and newspaper men.
text: A-5 PATIO AND POOL OF A murder has been re-
dialog: MANSION ported from one of those
dialog: great big houses in the
text: The policemen and news- ten thousand block.
dialog: paper reporters and You'll read all about
dialog: photographers have it in the late editions,
dialog: jumped out of the cars I'm sure. You'll get
dialog: and are running up to it over your radio,
dialog: the pool, in which a and see it on tele-
text: body is seen floating. vision -- because an
dialog: Photographers' bulbs old-time star is in-
text: flash in rapid suc- volved. one of the big-
dialog: cession. gest. But before you
dialog: hear it all distorted
dialog: and blown out of
dialog: proportion, before those
dialog: Hollywood columnists
dialog: get their hands on it,
dialog: maybe you'd like to
dialog: hear the facts, the
dialog: whole truth...
scene_heading: A-6 FLASH OF THE BODY
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Angle up through the If so, you've come to the
dialog: water from the bottom right party... You see,
text: of the pool, as the the body of a young man
text: body floats face down- was found floating in the
text: ward. It is a well- pool of her mansion, with
text: dressed young man. two shots in his back and
dialog: one in his stomach. No-
dialog: body important, really.
dialog: Just a movie writer with
dialog: a couple of "B" pictures
dialog: to his credit. The poor
dialog: dope. He always wanted a
dialog: pool Well, in the end
dialog: he got himself a pool --
dialog: SLOW DISSOLVE TO: only the price turned out
dialog: to be a little high...
dialog: Let's go back about six
text: A-7 HOLLYWOOD, SEEN FROM months and find the day
text: THE HILLTOP AT IVAR when it all started.
scene_heading: &amp; FRANKLIN STREETS
dialog: It is a crisp sunny I was living in an
text: day. The voice con- apartment house above
text: tinues speaking as Franklin and Ivar.
dialog: CAMERA PANS toward Things were tough
text: the ALTO NIDO APART- at the moment. I hadn't
text: MENT HOUSE, an ugly worked in a studio for
dialog: Moorish structure ofsat a long time. So I
text: stucco, about four there grinding
text: stories high. CAMERA out original stories,
text: MOVES TOWARD AN OPEN two a week. Only I
text: WINDOW on the third seemed to have lost
dialog: floor, where we look my touch. Maybe they
text: in on JOE GILLIS' APART- weren't original
text: MENT. Joe Gillis, bare- enough. Maybe they
dialog: footed and wearing no- were too original.
dialog: thing but an old bath- All I know is they
dialog: robe. is sitting on didn't sell.
text: the bed. In front of
text: him. on a straight
dialog: chair, is a portable
text: typewriter. Beside
text: him, on the bed, is a
text: dirty ashtray and a
dialog: scattering of type
dialog: written and pencil-
dialog: marked pages. Gillis
text: is typing. with a
dialog: pencil clenched bet-
dialog: ween his teeth.
scene_heading: A-8 JOE GILLIS' APARTMENT
text: It is a one-room affair with an unmade Murphy bed
text: pulled out of the wall at which Gillis sits typing.
text: There are a couple of worn-out plush chairs and a
text: Spanish-style, wrought-iron standing lamp. Also a
text: small desk littered with books and letters, and a
text: chest of drawers with a portable phonograph and some
text: records on top. On the walls are a couple of repro-
text: ductions of characterless paintings, with laundry
text: bills and snapshots stuck in the frames. Through an
text: archway can he seen a tiny kitchenette, complete with
text: unwashed coffee pot and cup, empty tin cans, orange
text: peels, etc. The effect is dingy and cheerless --
text: just another furnished apartment. The buzzer SOUNDS.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Yeah.
text: The buzzer SOUNDS again. Gillis gets up and opens
text: the door. Two men wearing hats stand outside one of
text: them carrying a briefcase.
speaker_heading: NO. 1
dialog: Joseph C. Gillis?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: That's right.
text: The men ease into the room. No. 1 hands Gillis a
dialog: business card.
speaker_heading: NO. 1
dialog: We've come for the car.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What car?
dialog: NO. 2
dialog: (Consulting a paper)
dialog: 1946 Plymouth convertible. Calif-
dialog: ornia license 97 N 567.
speaker_heading: NO. 1
dialog: Where are the keys?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Why should I give you the keys?
speaker_heading: NO. 1
dialog: Because the company's played ball
dialog: with you long enough. Because
dialog: you're three payments behind. And
dialog: because we've got a Court order.
dialog: Come on -- the keys.
dialog: NO. 2
dialog: Or do you want us to jack it up
dialog: and haul it away?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Relax, fans. The car isn't here.
speaker_heading: NO. 1
dialog: Is that So?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I lent it to a friend of mine.
dialog: He took it up to Palm Springs.
speaker_heading: NO. 1
dialog: Had to get away for his health,
dialog: I suppose.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: You don't believe me? Look in
dialog: the garage.
speaker_heading: NO. 1
dialog: Sure we believe you, only now we
dialog: want you to believe us. That car
dialog: better be back here by noon tomorrow,
dialog: or there's going to be fireworks.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: You say the cutest things.
text: The men leave. Gillis GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: stands pondering beside Well, I needed about two
text: the door for a moment. hundred and ninety dollars
dialog: Then he walks to the and I needed it real
text: center of the room and, quick, or I'd lose my car.
text: with his back to the It wasn't in Palm Springs
text: CAMERA, slips into a and it wasn't in the
text: pair of gray slacks. garage. I was way ahead
text: There is a metallic of the finance company.
text: noise as some loose
dialog: change and keys drop
text: from the trouser pockets.
text: As Gillis bends over to
dialog: pick them up, we see that
text: he has dropped the car
dialog: keys, identifiable be-
dialog: cause of a rabbit's
text: foot and a miniature
dialog: license plate attached
text: to the key-ring. Gillis
dialog: pockets the keys and as
text: he starts to put on a
dialog: shirt
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: A-9 EXTERIOR OF RUDY'S GILLIS' VOICE
speaker_heading: SHOESHINE PARLOR (DAY)
dialog: I knew they'd be coming
dialog: A small shack-like build- around and I wasn't tak-
dialog: ing, it stands in the ing any chances, so I
dialog: corner of a public park- kept it a couple of
text: ing lot. Rudy, a blocks away in a parking
text: colored boy, is giving lot behind Rudy's Shoe-
dialog: a customer a shine. shine Parlor. Rudy
dialog: never asked any quest-
dialog: ions. He'd just look at
dialog: your heels and know the
dialog: score.
text: PAN BEHIND the shack to GILLIS' CAR, a yellow 1946
text: Plymouth convertible with the top down. Gillis enters
text: the SHOT. He is wearing a tweed sport jacket, a tan
text: polo shirt, and moooasins. He steps into the car and
text: drives it off. Rudy winks after him.
text: A-10 THE ALLEY NEXT TO SIDNEY'S
scene_heading: MEN'S SHOP ON BRONSON AVE. GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: I had an original story
text: Gillis drives into the kicking around Paranount.
dialog: alley and parks his car My agent told me it was
text: right behind a delivery dead as a doornail. but
text: truck. PAN AND FOLLOW I knew a big shot over
text: HIM as he gets out, walks there who'd always liked
dialog: around the corner into me, and the time had
text: Bronson and then toward come to take a little
text: the towering main gate of advantage of it. His
dialog: Paramount. A few loafers, name was Sheldrake. He
dialog: studio cops and extras are was a smart producer,
text: lounging there. with a set of ulcers to
dialog: prove it.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: A-11 SHELDRAKE'S OFFICE
text: It is in the style of a Paramount executive's office --
text: mahogany, leather, and a little chintz. On the
text: walls are some large framed photographs of Paramount
text: stars, with dedications to Mr. Sheldrake. Also a
dialog: couple of framed critics' awards certificates, and an
text: Oscar on a bookshelf. A shooting schedule chart is
text: thumb-tacked into a large bulletin board. There are
text: piles or scripts, a few pipes and, somewhere in the
text: background, some set models.
text: Start on Sheldrake. He is about 45. Behind his wor-
text: ried face there hides a coated tongue. He is en-
text: gaged in changing the stained rilter cigarette in
dialog: his Zeus holder.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: All right, Gillis. You've got
dialog: five minutes. What's your story
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
text: It's about a ball player, a rookie
dialog: shortstop that's batting 347. The
dialog: poor kid was once mixed up in a hold-
dialog: up. But he's trying to go straight --
dialog: except there's a bunch of gamblers
dialog: who won't let him.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: So they tell the kid to throw the
dialog: World Series, or else, huh?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: More or less. Only for the end
dialog: I've got a gimmick that's real good.
text: A secretary enters, carrying a glass or milk.
text: She opens a drawer and takes out a bottle of pills for
dialog: Sheldrake.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Got a title?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
text: Bases Loaded. There's a 4O-page
dialog: outline.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (To the secretary)
dialog: Get the Readers' Department and
dialog: see what they have on Bases Loaded.
text: The secretary exits. Sheldrake takes a pill and
text: washes it down with some milk.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: They're pretty hot about it
dialog: over at Twentieth, but I
dialog: think Zanuck's all wet. Can
dialog: you see Ty Power as a
speaker_heading: GILLIS (cont'd)
dialog: shortstop? You've got the best
dialog: man for it right here on this lot.
dialog: Alan Ladd. Good change of pace for
dialog: Alan Ladd. There's another thing:
dialog: it's pretty simple to shoot. Lot
dialog: of outdoor stuff. Bet you could
dialog: make the whole thing for under a
dialog: million. And there's a great little
dialog: part for Bill Demarest. One of the
text: trainers, an oldtime player who
text: got beaned and goes out of his head
dialog: sometimes.
text: The door opens and Betty Schaefer enters -- a clean-
text: cut, nice looking girl of 21, with a bright, alert
text: manner. Dressed in tweed skirt, Brooks sweater and
text: pearls, and carrying a folder of papers. She puts
text: them on Sheldrake's desk, not noticing Gillis, who
text: stands near the door.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Hello, Mr. Sheldrake. On that Bases
dialog: Loaded. I covered it with a 2-page
dialog: synopsis.
dialog: (She holds it out)
dialog: But I wouldn't bother.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: What's wrong with it?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: It's from hunger.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Nothing for Ladd?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Just a rehash of something that
dialog: wasn't very good to begin with.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I'm sure you'll be glad to meet
dialog: Mr. Gillis. He wrote it.
text: Betty turns towards Gillis, embarrassed.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: This is Miss Kramer.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Schaefer. Betty Schaefer. And
dialog: right now I wish I could crawl
text: into a hole and pull it in after
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: If I could be of any help...
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. Gillis, but I
dialog: just don't think it's any good.
dialog: I found it flat and banal.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Exactly what kind of material do
dialog: you recommend? James Joyce?
dialog: Dostoosvsky?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Name dropper.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I just think pictures should say
dialog: a little something.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Oh, you're one of the message
dialog: kids. Just a story won't do.
dialog: You'd have turned down Gone With the
dialog: Wind.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: No, that was me. I said, Who
dialog: wants to see a Civil War picture?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Perhaps the reason I hated Bases
dialog: Loaded is that I knew your name.
dialog: I'd always heard you had some
dialog: talent.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: That was last year. This year
dialog: I'm trying to earn a living.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: So you take Plot 27-A, make it
dialog: glossy, make it slick --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Carefull Those are dirty words!
dialog: You sound like a bunch of New
dialog: York critics. Thank you, Miss
dialog: Schaefer.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Gillis.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Goodbye. Next time I'll write
dialog: The Naked and the Dead.
text: Betty leaves.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Well, seems like Zanuck's got
text: himself a baseball picture.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Mr. Sheldrake, I don't want you
dialog: to think I thought this was going
dialog: to win any Academy Award.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (His mind free-wheeling)
dialog: Of course, we're always looking
dialog: for a Betty Hutton. Do you see
dialog: it as a Betty Hutton?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Frankly, no.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (Amusing himself)
dialog: Now wait a minute. If we made
dialog: it a girls' softball team, put
dialog: in a few numbers. Might make a
dialog: cute musical: It Happened in
dialog: the Bull Pen -- the story of a
dialog: Woman.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: You trying to be funny? -- because
text: I'm all out of laughs. I'm over a
dialog: barrel and I need a job.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Sure, Gillis. If something should
dialog: come along -
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Along is no good. I need it now.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Haven't got a thing.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Any kind of assignment. Additional
dialog: Dialogue.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: There's nothing, Gillis. Not
dialog: even if you were a relative.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (Hating it)
dialog: Look, Mr. Sheldrake, could you
dialog: let me have three hundred bucks
dialog: yourself, as a personal loan?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Could I? Gillis, last year some-
dialog: body talked me into buying a ranch
dialog: in the valley. So I borrowed money
dialog: from the bank so I could pay for
dialog: the ranch. This year I had to
dialog: mortgage the ranch so I could keep
dialog: up my life insurance so I could
dialog: borrow on the insurance so I could
dialog: pay my income tax. Now if Dewey
dialog: had been elected -
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Sheldrake.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: A-12 EXT. SCHWAB'S DRUG STORE
scene_heading: (EARLY AFTERNOON ACTIVITY) GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: After that I drove down
text: MOVE IN toward drug store to headquarters. That's
dialog: and the way a lot of us think
dialog: about Schwab's Drug Store.
dialog: DISSOLVE TO: Actors and stock girls and
dialog: waiters. Kind of a
dialog: combination office,Kaffee-
text: A-13 INT. SCHWAB'S DRUG STORE Klatsch and waiting room.
dialog: Waiting, waiting for the
text: The usual Schwabadero gravy train.
text: crowd sits at the fount-
dialog: ain, gossips at the
text: cigar-stand, loiters by
text: the magazine display.
text: MOVE IN towards the TWO
dialog: TELEPHONE BOOTHS. In I got myself ten nickels
text: one of them sits Gillis, and started sending out
text: a stack of nickels in a general S.O.S. Couldn't
dialog: front of him. He's get hold of my agent,
dialog: doing a lot of talking naturally. So then I
dialog: into the telephone, called a pal of mine,name
text: hanging up, dropping of Artie Green -- an awful
text: another nickel, dialing, nice guy, an assistant
dialog: talking again. director. He cquld let me
dialog: have twenty, but twenty
dialog: wouldn't do.
speaker_heading: GILLIS' VOICE (Cont.)
dialog: Then I talked to a couple of
dialog: yes men at Twentieth. To me
dialog: they said no. Finally I
dialog: located that agent of mine, the
dialog: big faker. Was he out digging
dialog: up a job for poor Joe Gillis?
dialog: Hmph! He was hard at work in
dialog: Bel Air, making with the golf
dialog: clubs.
text: Gillis hangs up with a curse, opens the door of the
text: booth, emerges, wiping the sweat from his forehead.
text: He walks toward the exit. He is stopped by the
dialog: voice of
speaker_heading: SKOLSKY
dialog: Hello, Gillis.
text: Gillis looks around. At the fountain sits Skolsky,
text: drinking a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Hello, Mr. Skolsky.
speaker_heading: SKOLSKY
dialog: Got anything for the column?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Sure. Just sold an original for
dialog: a hundred grand. The Life of the
text: Warner Brothers. Starring the Ritz
text: Brothers. Playing opposite the
dialog: Andrew Sisters.
speaker_heading: SKOLSKY
dialog: (With a sour smile)
dialog: But don't get me wrong -- I love
dialog: Hollywood.
text: Gillis walks out.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: A-14 THE BEL AIR GOLF LINKS
text: On a sun-dappled green edged with tall sycamores,
text: stands Morino, the agent, a caddy and a nondescript
text: opponent in the background. Gillis has evidently
dialog: stated his problem already.
speaker_heading: MORINO
dialog: So you need three hundred dollars?
dialog: Of course, I could give you three
dialog: hundred dollars. Only I'm not
dialog: going to.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: MORINO
dialog: Gillis, get this through your
dialog: head. I'm not just your agent.
dialog: It's not the ten per cent. I'm
dialog: your friend.
text: He sinks his putt and walks toward the next tee,
text: Gillis following him.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: How's that about your being my
dialog: friend?
speaker_heading: MORINO
dialog: Don't you know the finest things
dialog: in the world have been written on
dialog: an empty stomach? Once a talent
dialog: like yours gets into that Mocambo-
dialog: Romanoff rut, you're through.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Forget Romanoff's. It's the car
dialog: I'm talking about. If I lose my
dialog: car it's like having my legs out off.
speaker_heading: MORINO
dialog: Greatest thing that could happen
dialog: to you. Now you'll have to sit
text: behind that typewriter. Now
dialog: you'll have to write.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What do you think I've been doing?
dialog: I need three hundred dollars.
speaker_heading: MORINO
dialog: (Icily)
dialog: Maybe what you need is another agent.
text: He bends down to tee up his ball. Gillis turns away.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: A-15 GILLIS IN HIS OPEN CAR
speaker_heading: GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: driving down Sunset As I drove back towards town
dialog: towards Hollywood. He I took inventory of my pros-
text: drives slowly. His pects. They now added up to
dialog: mind is working. exactly zero. Apparently I
dialog: just didn't have what it takes,
dialog: and the time had come to wrap
dialog: up the whole Hollywood deal
dialog: and go home. Maybe if I hocked
dialog: all my junk there'd be enough
dialog: for a bus ticket back to Ohio,
dialog: back to that thirty-five-
dialog: dollar-a-week job behind the
dialog: copy desk of the Dayton Evening
dialog: Post, if it was still open.
text: Back to the smirking delight
dialog: of the whole office. All
dialog: Gillis stops his car at right you wise guys. why don't
dialog: a red light by the main you go out and take a crack at
dialog: entrance to Bel Air. Hollywood? Maybe you think
dialog: Suddenly his eyes fall you could -- Oh-oh!
dialog: on:
scene_heading: A-16 ANOTHER CAR
text: It is a dark-green Dodge business coupe, also waiting
text: for the light to change. but headed in the opposite
text: direction. In it are the two finance company men.
text: They spot Gillis in his car and exchange looks. From
text: across the intersection Gillis recognizes them and
text: pulls down the leather sunshade to screen his face.
text: As the light changes. Gillis gives his car the gun
text: and shoots away. The men narrowly avoid hitting
text: another car as they make a U-turn into oncoming
text: traffic and start after him.
speaker_heading: A-17 THE CHASE
dialog: to
text: A-21 Very short, very sharp, told in FLASHES. (Use
text: locations on Sunset between Bel Air and Holmby Hills).
text: The men lose Gillis around a bend, catch sight of him
text: and then -- while they are trapped behind a slow-
text: moving truck. he disappears again.
speaker_heading: A-22 GILLIS
text: He is driving as fast as he dares, keeping an eye out
text: for pursuit in his rear-view mirror. Suddenly his
text: right front tire blows out. Gillis clutches desperately
text: at the steering wheel and manages to turn the careening
dialog: car into
scene_heading: A-23 A DRIVEWAY
text: It is overgrown with weeds and screened from the street
text: by bushes and trees. Gillis stops his car about thirty
text: feet from the street and looks back.
speaker_heading: GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: Was I far enough ahead?
scene_heading: A-24 THE OTHER CAR
text: shoots past the driveway, still looking for Gillis.
speaker_heading: A-25 GILLIS
text: He watches his pursuers GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: shoot past and out of Yeah...
text: sight. He opens the
text: door and looks down at I had landed myself in the
text: the flat tire. Then he driveway of some big mansion
text: looks around to see that looked run-down and
text: where he is. deserted. At the end of the
dialog: drive was a lovely sight
text: A-26 DRIVEWAY WITH GARAGE indeed -- a great big empty
text: garage, just standing there
text: An enormous, five-car going to waste. If ever there
dialog: affair. neglected and was a place to stash away a
text: empty-looking. limping car with a hot license
dialog: number...
speaker_heading: A-27 GILLIS
text: He gets back into his There was another occupant in
text: car and carefully pilots that garage: an enormous
text: the limping vehicle into foreign-built automobile. It
text: one of the stalls. In must have burned up ten gallons
dialog: the adjoining one is a to a mile. It had a 1932
dialog: large, dust-covered license. I figured that's
dialog: Isotta-Fraschini propped when the owners moved out...
dialog: up on blocks. He closes I also figured I couldn't go
text: the garage door and walks back to my apartment now that
text: up the driveway. In idle those bloodhounds were on to
dialog: curiosity he mounts a me. The idea was to get Artie
dialog: stone staircase which Green's and stay there till I
dialog: leads to the garden. could make that bus for Ohio.
text: CAMERA IN BACK OF HIM. Once back in Dayton I'd drop
text: At the top of the steps the credit boys a picturepost-
text: he sees the somber pile card telling them where to
text: of pick up the jallopy.
scene_heading: NORMA DESMOND'S HOUSE GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: It is a grandiose -- It was a great big white
dialog: Italianate structure, elephant of a place. The kind
text: mottled by the years, crazy movie people built in the
text: gloomy, forsaken, crazy Twenties. A neglected
text: little formal garden house gets an unhappy look.
dialog: completely gone to This one had it in spades. It
dialog: seed. was like that old woman in
dialog: Great Expectations -- that Miss
text: From somewhere above Haversham in her rotting wed-
text: comes ding dress and her torn veil,
dialog: taking it out on the world be-
dialog: cause she'd been given the go-
dialog: by.
speaker_heading: A WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: You there!
text: Gillls turns and looks.
scene_heading: A-28 UPSTAIRS LOGGIA
text: Behind a bamboo blind there is a movement of
text: a dark figure.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Wlly are you so late? Why have
dialog: you kept me waitlng so long?
speaker_heading: A-29 GILLIS
text: He stands flabbergasted. A new noise attracts his
text: attention -- the creak of a heavy metal-and-glass
text: door being opened. He turns and sees
scene_heading: A-3O THE ENTRANCE DOOR OF THE HOUSE
text: Max von Mayerling stands there. He is sixty, and
text: all in black, except for immaculate white cotton
text: gloves, shirt, high, stiff collar and a white bow
text: tie. His coat is shiny black alpaca, his trousers
text: ledger-atriped. He is semi-paralyzed. The left
text: side of his mouth is pulled down, and he leans on a
text: rubber-ferruled stick.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: In here!
text: Gillis enters the shot.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I just put my car in the garage.
dialog: I had a blow-out. I thought --
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Go on in.
text: There is authority in the gesture of his white-
text: gloved hand as he motions Gillis inside.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Look, maybe I'd better take my
dialog: car --
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Wipe your feet!
text: Automatically, Gillis wipes his feet on an enormous
text: shabby cocoanut mat.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You are not dressed properly.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Dressed for what?
speaker_heading: THE WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Max! Have him come up, Max!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (Gesturing)
dialog: Up the stairs!
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Suppose you listen just for a
dialog: minute -
speaker_heading: MAX
text: Madame is waiting.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: For me? Okay.
text: Gillis enters.
scene_heading: A-31 INT. NORMA DESMOND'S ENTRANCE HALL
text: It is grandiose and grim. The whole place is one of
dialog: those abortions of silent-picture days, with bowling
text: alleys in the cellar and a built-in pipe organ, and
dialog: beams imported from Italy, with California termites
text: at work on them. Portieres are drawn before all the
text: windows, and only thin slits or sunlight find their
dialog: way in to fight the few electric bulbs which are always
dialog: burning.
text: Gillis starts up the curve of the black marble
text: staircase. It has a wrought-iron rail and a worn
text: velvet rope along the wall.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (From below)
dialog: If you need help with the
dialog: coffin call me.
text: The oddity of the situation has caught Gillis'
text: imagination. He climbs the stairs with a kind of
text: morbid fascination. At the top he stops, undecided,
text: then turns to the right and is stopped by
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: This way!
text: Gillis swings around.
text: Norma Desmond stands down the corridor next to a
text: doorway from which emerges a flickering light. She
text: is a little woman. There is a curious style, a
text: great sense of high voltage about her. She is dress-
text: ed in black house pyjamas and black high-heeled
text: pumps. Around her throat there is a leopard-pat-
text: terned scarf, and wound around her head a turban of
text: the same material. Her skin is very pale, and she
text: is wearing dark glasses.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: In here. I put him on my massage
text: table in front of the fire. He
dialog: always liked fires and poking at
text: them with a stick.
text: Gillis enters the SHOT and she leads him into
scene_heading: A-32 NORMA DESMOND'S BEDROOM
text: It is a huge, gloomy room hung in white brocade which
dialog: has beconle dirty over the years and even slightly
text: torn in a few places. There's a great, unmade gilded
text: bed in the shape of a swan, from which the gold had
text: begun to peel. There is a disorder of clothes and
text: negligees and faded photographs of old-time stars
dialog: about.
text: In an imitation baroque fireplace some logs are burn-
text: ing. On the massage table before it lies a small
text: form shrouded under a Spanish shawl. At each end on
text: a baroque pedestal stands a three-branched cande-
text: labrum, the candles lighted.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I've made up my mind we'll bury him in
dialog: the garden. Any city laws against that?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I wouldn't know.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I don't care anyway. I want the
dialog: coffin to be white. And I want
text: it specially lined with satin.
dialog: White, or deep pink.
text: She picks up the shawl to make up her mind about the
text: color. From under the shawl flops down a dead arm.
text: Gillis stares and recoils a little. It is like a
text: child's arm, only black and hairy.
speaker_heading: NORMA
text: Maybe red. bright flaming red.
dialog: Gay. Let's make it gay.
text: Gillis edges closer and glances down. Under the
text: shawl he sees the sad, bearded face of a dead
text: chimpanzee. Norma drops back the shawl.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: How much will it be? I warn you -
dialog: don't give me a fancy price just
dialog: because I'm rich.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Lady. you've got the wrong man.
text: For the first time. Norma really looks at him
text: through her dark glasses.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I had some trouble with my car.
dialog: Flat tire. I pulled into your
dialog: garage till I could get a spare.
dialog: I thought this was an empty house.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: It is not. Get out.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I'm sorry, and I'm sorry you lost
dialog: your friend, and I don't think red
dialog: is the right color.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Get out.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Sure. Wait a minute -- haven't
dialog: I seen you -- ?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Or shall I call my servant?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I know your face. You're Norma
dialog: Desmond. You used to be in
dialog: pictures. You used to be big.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I am big. It's the pictures
dialog: that got small.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I knew there was something
dialog: wrong with them.
speaker_heading: NORMA
text: They're dead. They're finished.
dialog: There was a time when this busi-
dialog: ness had the eyes of the whole
dialog: wide world. But that wasn't good
dialog: enough. Oh, nol They wanted the
dialog: ears of the world, too. So they
text: opened their big mouths, and out
dialog: came talk, talk, talk...
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: That's where the popcorn business
dialog: comes in. You buy yourself a bag
dialog: and plug up your ears.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Look at them in the front offices --
dialog: the master minds! They took the
text: idols and smashed them. The
dialog: Fairbankses and the Chaplins and
text: the Gilberts and the Valentinos.
dialog: And who have they got now? Some
dialog: nobodies -- a lot of pale little
text: frogs croaking pish-poshl
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Don't get sore at me. I'm not
dialog: an executive. I'm just a writer.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You are! Writing words, words!
dialog: You've made a rope of words and
dialog: strangled this businessl But there
dialog: is a microphone right there to catch
text: the last gurgles, and Technicolor
dialog: to photograph the red, swollen tongue!
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Ssh! You'll wake up that monkey.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Get out!
text: Gillis starts down the stairs.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Next time I'll bring my autograph
dialog: album along, or maybe a hunk of
dialog: cement and ask for your footprints.
text: He is halfway down the staircase when he is
dialog: stopped by
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Just a minute, you!
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You're a writer, you said.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Why?
text: Norma starts down the stairs.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Are you or aren't you?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I think that's what it says on my
dialog: driver's license.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: And you have written pictures,
dialog: haven't you?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Sure have. The last one I
dialog: wrote was about cattle rustlers.
dialog: Before they were through with it,
dialog: the whole thing played on a
dialog: torpedo boat.
text: Norma has reached him at the bottom of the staircase.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I want to ask you something.
dialog: Come in here.
text: She leads him into
scene_heading: A-33 THE HUGE LIVING ROOM
text: It is dark and damp and filled with black oak and
text: red velvet furniture which looks like crappy props
text: from the Mark of Zorro set. Along the main wall,
text: a gigantic fireplace has been freezing for years.
text: On the gold piano is a galaxy of photographs of
text: Norma Desmond in her various roles. On one wall
text: is a painting -- a California Gold Rush scene,
dialog: Carthay Circle school. (We will learn later that
text: it hides a motion picture screen.)
text: One corner is filled with a large pipe organ, and
text: as Norma and Gillis enter, there is a grizzly
text: moaning sound. Gillis looks around.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: The wind gets in that blasted
dialog: pipe organ. I ought to have
text: it taken out.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Or teach it a better tune.
text: Norma has led him to the card tables which stand
text: side by side near a window. They are piled high
text: with papers scrawled in a large, uncertain hand.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: How long is a movie script these
dialog: days? I mean, how many pages?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Depends on what it is -- a Donald
dialog: Duck or Joan or Arc.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: This is to be a very important
dialog: picture. I have written it
dialog: myself. Took me years.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (Looking at the piles
dialog: of script)
dialog: Looks like enough for six impor-
dialog: tant pictures.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: It's the story or Salome. I
dialog: think I'll have DeMille direct it.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: We've made a lot of pictures
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: And you'll play Salome?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Who else ?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Only asking. I did't know
dialog: you were planning a comeback.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I hate that word. It is a return.
dialog: A return to the millions of people
dialog: who have never forgiven me for
text: deserting the screen.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Fair enough.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Salome -- what a woman! What a
dialog: part! The Princess in love with
text: a Holy man. She dances the Dance
text: of the Seven Veils. He rejects
text: her, so she demands his head on a
text: golden tray, kissing his cold, dead
dialog: lips.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: They'll love it in Pomona.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: (Taking it straight)
dialog: They will love it every place.
text: (She reaches for a
dialog: batch of pages from
dialog: the heap)
dialog: Read it. Read the scene just
dialog: before she has him killed!
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Right now? Never let another
dialog: writer read your stuff. He
dialog: may steal it.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I am not afraid. Read it!
speaker_heading: NORMA (Cont'd)
dialog: (Calling)
dialog: Max! Max!
dialog: (To Gillis)
dialog: Sit down. Is there enough light?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I've got twenty-twenty vision.
text: Max has entered.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Bring something to drink.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yes. Madame.
text: He leaves. Norma turns to Gillis again.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I said sit down.
text: There is compulsion in her voice.
text: Gillis looks at her GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: and starts slowly Well. I had no pressing
dialog: reading. engagement, and she'd men-
dialog: tioned something to drink..
text: Max comes in, wheeling Sometimes it's interesting
text: a wicker tea wagon on to see just how bad bad
dialog: which are two bottles o writing can be. This prom-
dialog: f champagne and two ised to go the limit. I
text: red Venetian glasses, wondered what a handwriting
dialog: a box of zwieback and expert would make of that
text: a jar of caviar. Norma childish scrawl of hers.
text: sits on her feet. deep Max wheeled in some champagne
dialog: in a chair, a gold ring and some caviar. Later, I
text: on her forefinger with found out that Max was the
text: a clip which holds a only other person in that
dialog: cigarette. She gets up grim Sunset castle, and I
dialog: and forces on Gillis found out a few other things
text: another batch of script, about him... As for her, she
text: goes back to her chair. sat coiled up like a watch
dialog: spring, her cigarette
text: clamped in a curious holder...
dialog: I could sense her eyes on me
dialog: from behind those dark
dialog: glasses, defying me not to
dialog: like what I read, or maybe
dialog: begging me in her own proud
dialog: way to like it. It meant
dialog: so much to her...
scene_heading: A-34 SHOT OF THE GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: CEILING It sure was a cozy set-up.
dialog: That bundle of raw nerves,and
text: PAN DOWN to the moan- Max, and a dead monkey upstair
text: ing organ. PAN OVER and the wind wheezing through
text: TO THE ENTRANCE DOOR. that organ once in a while.
text: Max opens it, and a Later on, just for comedy
text: solemn-faced man in relief, the real guy arrived
text: undertaker's clothes with a baby coffin. It was
text: brings in a small all done with great dignity.
dialog: white coffin. (Thru He must have been a very
dialog: these shots the room important chimp. The great
dialog: has been growing grandson of King Kong, maybe.
dialog: duskier.)
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: A-35 GILLIS It got to be eleven. I was
dialog: feeling a little sick at my
dialog: reading. The lamp stomach, what with that sweet
dialog: beside him is now champagne and that tripe I'd
dialog: really paying its been reading -- that silly
text: way in the dark room. hodgepodge of melodramatic
dialog: A lot of the manu- plots. However, by then I'd
text: script pages are started concocting a little
dialog: piled on the floor plot of my own...
text: around his feet. A
text: half-empty champagne
text: glass stands on the
text: arm of his chair.
text: THE CAMERA SLOWLY DRAWS BACK to include Norma
text: Desmond sitting in the dusk, just as she was before.
text: Gillis puts down a batch of script. There is a
dialog: little pause.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: (Impatiently)
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: This is fascinating.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Of course it is.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Maybe it's a little long and
dialog: maybe there are some repetitions...
dialog: but you're not a professional
dialog: writer.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I wrote that with my heart.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Sure you did. That's what makes
dialog: it great. What it needs is a
text: little more dialogue.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: What for? I can say anything I
dialog: want with my eyes.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: It certainly could use a pair of
text: shears and a blue pencil.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I will not have it butchered.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Of course not. But it ought to
dialog: be organized. Just an editing
dialog: job. You can find somebody.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Who? I'd have to have somebody
dialog: I can trust. When were you born --
dialog: I mean, what sign of the zodiac?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: What month?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: December twenty-first.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Sagittarius. I like Sagittarians.
dialog: You can trust them.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I want you to do this work.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Me? I'm busy. Just finished
dialog: one script. I'm due on another
dialog: assignment.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I don't care.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: You know, I'm pretty expensive.
dialog: I get five hundred a week.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I wouldn't worry about money.
dialog: I'll make it worth your while.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Maybe I'd better take the rest
dialog: of the script home and read it -
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Oh no. I couldn't let it out
dialog: of my house. You'll have to
dialog: finish it here.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: It's getting kind of late --
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Are you married, Mr. -- ?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: The name is Gillis. I'm single.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Where do you live?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Hollywood. The Alto Nido Apart-
dialog: ments.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: There's something wrong with
dialog: your car, you said.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: There sure is.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You can stay here.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I'll come early tomorrow.
text: Norma takes off her glasses.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Nonsense. There's room over the
dialog: garage. Max will take you there...Max!
scene_heading: THE CAMERA MOVES GILLIS' VOICE
text: TOWARD NORMA'S FACE, She sure could say a lot of
text: right up to her things with those pale eyes of
dialog: eyes. hers. They'd been her trade
dialog: mark. They'd made her the Num-
dialog: ber One Vamp of another era. I
dialog: remember a rather florid des-
text: cription in an old fan magazine
dialog: which said: "Her eyes are like
text: two moonlit waterholes, where
dialog: strange animals come to drink."
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: A-36 SMALL STAIRCASE, LEAD- GILLIS'VOICE
text: ING TO ROOM OVER GARAGE I felt kind of pleased with
dialog: the way I'd handled the sit-
text: Max, an electric light uation. I'd dropped the hook,
text: bulb in his hand, is and she'd snapped at it. Now
dialog: leading Gillis up. my car would be safe down
dialog: Gillis carries a batch below, while I did a patch-
dialog: of the manuscript. up job on the script. And
dialog: there should be plenty of
dialog: money in it...
text: Max pushes open a door at the top of the stairs.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (Opening the door)
dialog: I made your bed this afternoon.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: (On second thought)
dialog: How did you know I was going to
dialog: stay, this afternoon?
text: Max doesn't answer. He walks across to the bed,
text: screws a bulb in the open socket above it. The
text: light goes on, revealing:
scene_heading: A-37 A GABLED BEDROOM
text: There are dirty windows on two sides, and dingy wall-
text: paper on the cracked plaster walls. For furniture
text: there is a neatly made bed, a table and a few chairs
text: which might have been discarded from the main house.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: This room has not been used for
dialog: a long time.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: It will never make house Beautiful.
dialog: I guess it's O.K. for one night.
text: Max gives him an enigmatic look.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (Pointing)
dialog: There is the bathroom. I put in
text: soap and a toothbrush.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Thanks.
text: (He starts taking off
dialog: his coat)
dialog: Say, she's quite a character,
dialog: that Norma Desmond.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: She was the greatest. You wouldn't
dialog: know. You are too young. In one
dialog: week she got seventeen thousand fan
dialog: letters. Men would bribe her mani-
text: curist to get clippings from her
dialog: fingernails. There was a Maharajah
dialog: who came all the way from Hyderabad
text: to get one of her stockings. Later,
text: he strangled himself with it.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I sure turned into an interesting
dialog: driveway.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You did, sir.
speaker_heading: GILLIS' VOICE
text: He goes out. Gillis I pegged him as slightly
text: looks after him, hangs cuckoo, too. A stroke maybe.
dialog: his coat over a chair, Come to think of it, the
text: walks over to the win- whole place seemed to have
text: dow, pulls down the been stricken with a kind of
text: rickety Venetian blind. creeping paralysis, out of
text: As he does so, he looks beat with the rest of the
text: down at: world, crumbling apart in
dialog: slow motion ...
scene_heading: A-38 THE TENNIS COURT OF GILLIS' VOICE
text: THE DESMOND HOUSE There was a tennis court, or
text: (MOONLIGHT) rather the ghost of a tennis
text: court, with faded markings
text: The cement surface is and sagging net ...
dialog: cracked in many places,
dialog: and weeds are growing
dialog: high.
scene_heading: A-39 GILLIS - IN THE WINDOW
text: He looks away from the court to:
scene_heading: A-40 THE DESMOND SWIMMING
speaker_heading: POOL
speaker_heading: GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: There is no water in And of course she had a pool.
dialog: it, and hunks of Who didn't then? Mabel Norm-
dialog: mosaic which lines its and and John Gilbert must
dialog: enormous basin are have swum in it ten thousand
text: broken away. midnights ago, and Vilma Banky
dialog: and Rod La Roque. It was
dialog: empty now....or was it?
scene_heading: A-41 GILLIS - IN THE WINDOW
text: He stares down, his stomach slowly turning.
scene_heading: A-42 THE SWIMMING POOL
text: At the bottom of the basin a great rat is eating a
text: decaying or,ange. From the inlet pipe crawl two
text: other rats, who join battle with the first rat over
dialog: the orange.
scene_heading: A-43 GILLIS -IN THE WINDOW
text: He starts away, but some- GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: thing attracts his atten- There was something
text: tion. He turns back and else going on below:
text: looks down again. the last rites for
dialog: that hairy old chimp,
dialog: performed with the
dialog: A-44 THE LAWN BELOW utmost seriousness --
text: as if she were laying
text: Norma Desmond and Max are to rest an only child.
dialog: carrying the white coffin Was her life really
text: towards a small grave as as empty as that?
dialog: which has been dug in the
text: dead turf. Norma carries
text: one of the candelabra, all
dialog: of its candles flickering
text: in the wind. They reach
dialog: the grave and lower the
dialog: coffin into it. Then,
dialog: Norma lighting his task
dialog: with the candelabrum, Max
dialog: takes a spade from the
text: loose earth and starts
text: filling in the grave.
scene_heading: A-45 GILLIS - IN THE WINDOW
text: He watches the scene be- GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: low, then turns into the It was all very queer,
text: room, goes to the door but queerer things
dialog: to lock it. There is no were yet to come.
text: key, and only a hole
dialog: where the lock has been
text: gouged out. Gillis moves
text: a heavy overstuffed chair
text: in front of the door, then
text: walks towards the bed,
text: throws himself on it,
dialog: picking up some of the
dialog: manuscript pages to read.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: END OF SEQUENCE "A"
speaker_heading: SEQUENCE "B"
scene_heading: DISSOLVE IN ON:
scene_heading: B-1 LONG SHOT THE DESMOND
speaker_heading: HOUSE - (MORNING)
text: The day is overcast. The SOUND: (Distant organ
text: house is shrouded in low music - improvisations
text: fog. on an odd, mournful
dialog: theme - not too loud,
dialog: continuing throughout
text: B-2 THE TENNIS COURT, blurred the scene.)
text: over with fog.
scene_heading: B-3 THE EMPTY SWIMMING POOL
text: Its dark outline even more
text: melancholy under the misty
dialog: blanket.
scene_heading: B-4 THE ROOM OVER THE GARAGE
text: Muted daylight seeps GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: through the blinds. Gillis That night I'd had a
text: lies on the bed, under a mixed-up dream. In it
text: shabby quilt. The manu- was an organ grinder.
text: script is beside him, some I couldn't see his
text: of the pages scattered on face, but the organ
text: the floor. He is just was all draped in
text: opening his eyes. It takes black, and a chimp was
text: him a moment to adjust him- dancing for pennies.
dialog: self to the strange sur- When I opened my eyes,
text: roundings. His eyes, wander- the music was still
dialog: ing about the room. suddenly there... Where was
dialog: stop, startled. He lifts I?
text: himself on one elbow and
dialog: stares at -
speaker_heading: B-5 THE DOOR
text: The heavy chair he had set Oh yes, in that empty
text: against it the night before room over her garage.
dialog: has been pushed back. The Only it wasn't empty
dialog: door is wide ajar. any more. Somebody
dialog: had brought in all my
dialog: belongings - my
dialog: B-6 GILLIS books, my typewriter,
dialog: my clothes...
text: He jumps out of bed. He
dialog: wears, shirt, trousers
text: and socks. Suddenly he
dialog: realizes that all his
speaker_heading: possessions have GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: been brought in. In What was going on?
dialog: the closet hang his
dialog: shirts. His books and
dialog: typewriter are neatly
text: arranged on the table.
dialog: His phonograph-radio
dialog: combination is all
dialog: installed. Gillis looks
text: around startled, then
text: sits down and starts
text: putting on his moccasins
dialog: hastily.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: B-7 A PAIR OF HANDS IN WHITE GLOVES, PLAYING THE ORGAN
text: PULL BACK: They belong to Max von Mayerling. He
text: is sitting erect, his bull neck taut as a wrestler's
text: as he rights out somber chord after somber chord.
text: He sits in a shaft of gray light coming from an open
text: French window.
text: Through the far archway, Gillis storms into the big
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Hey, you -- Max -- whatever -your-
dialog: name-is -- what are my things doing
dialog: here?
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I'm talking to you. My clothes
text: and things are up in the room.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Naturally. I brought them myself.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (Furiously)
dialog: Is that so!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Why are you so upset? Is there
dialog: anything missing?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Who said you could? Who asked you to?
text: Norma Desmond's shadow moves into the shaft of
text: light.
speaker_heading: NORMA'S VOICE
dialog: I did.
text: Gillis looks around.
text: On the couch by the fireplace reclines Norma Desmond,
text: dressed in a negligee. She rises.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I don't know why you should be
dialog: so upset. Stop that playing,
dialog: Max.
dialog: (To Gillis again)
dialog: It seemed like a good idea --
dialog: if we are to work together.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Look, I'm supposed to fix up
dialog: your script. There's nothing
dialog: in the deal about my staying
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You'll like it here.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Thanks for the invitation, but
dialog: I have my own apartment.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You can't work in an apartment
dialog: where you owe three months' rent.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I'll take care of that.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: It's all taken care of. It's
dialog: all paid for.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I'm used to paying my own bills.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You proud boy, why didn't you tell
dialog: me you were having difficulties.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Okay. We'll deduct it from my
dialog: salary.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Now, now, don't let's be small
dialog: about such matters. We won't
dialog: keep books.
dialog: (To Max)
dialog: Go on, unpack Mr. Gillis' things.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Unpack nothing. I didn't say
dialog: I was staying.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: (Her glasses off again)
dialog: Suppose you make up your mind.
dialog: Do you want this job or don't you?
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: B-8 BIG ROOM, NORMA DESMOND'S
scene_heading: HOUSE - (DAY) GILLIS' VOICE
text: Gillis sits at an impro- So I let him unpack my
dialog: vised table, his typewriter things. I wanted the
text: in front of him, working dough, and I wanted to
text: hard at the manuscript. get out of there as
text: Pencils, shears and a quickly as possible.
dialog: paste-pot at hand. I thought if I really
dialog: got going I could toss
text: Facing him at some dis- it off in a couple or
dialog: tance sits Norma,dressed weeks. But it wasn't
text: in another version of her so simple, getting some
text: favorite lounging pajamas, coherence into that wild,
text: the cigaette contraption scrambled melodrama
text: on her finger. She is she'd concocted. What
dialog: autographing large photo- made it tougher was that
dialog: graphs of herself and put- she was around all the
text: ting them in envelopes. time -- hovering over
dialog: me, afraid I'd do injury
dialog: to that precious brain-
dialog: child of hers.
text: Gillis takes two or three pages from Norma's hand-
text: written script, crosses them out and puts them to
text: one side.
text: Norma rises, crosses towards Gillis, looks over his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Just a scene I cut out.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: What scene?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: The one where you go to the slave
dialog: market. You can cut right to the
dialog: scene where John the Baptist -
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Cut away from me?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Honestly, it's a little old hat.
dialog: They don't want that any more.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: They don't? Then why do they still
dialog: write me fan letters every day.
dialog: Why do they beg me for my photo-
dialog: graphs? Because they want to see
dialog: me, me, me! Norma Desmond.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (Resigned)
dialog: Okay.
text: He pulls the page from his typewriter. As he does
text: so he glances over towards Norma.
speaker_heading: GILLIS' VOICE
text: On the table in front I didn't argue with her.
dialog: of her are the photo- You don't yell at a
text: graphs which she is sign- sleepwalker-- he may fall
text: ing. On the long table and break his neck.That's
text: in the living room is a it -- she was still
text: gallery of photographs sleepwalking along the
text: in various frames -- all giddy heights of a lost
dialog: Norma Desmond. On the career --plain crazy
dialog: piano more photographs. when it came to that one
text: Above the piano an oil subject: her celluloid
text: portrait of her. On the self, the great Norma
text: highboy beside him still Desmond. How could She
dialog: more photographs. breathe in that house,
dialog: so crowded with Norma
dialog: DISSOLVE TO: Desmonds? More Norma
dialog: Desmond and still more
dialog: Norma Desmond.
scene_heading: B-9 THE BIG ROOM - (NIGHT)
speaker_heading: GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: Shooting towards the big It wasn't all work - of
dialog: Gold Rush painting. Max, course. Two or three
dialog: white gloves and all, times a week Max would
text: steps into the shot, shoves haul up that enormous oil
text: the painting up towards painting that had been
text: the ceiling,revealing a presented to her by some
dialog: motion picture screen. Nevada Chamber of Com-
dialog: Max exits. merce, and we'd see a
dialog: movie,right in her
dialog: living room.
scene_heading: B-1O NORMA AND GILLIS
speaker_heading: GILLIS' VOICE
text: They sit on a couch,facing "So much nicer than going
text: the screen. On a table in out," she'd say. The
dialog: front of them are champagne, plain fact was that she
dialog: cigarettes and coffee. was afraid of that world
text: Above their heads are the outside. Afraid it
dialog: typical openings for a pro- would remind her that
text: jector. The lights go off. time had passed.
text: From the opening above
text: their heads shoots the wide
text: beam of light.
text: B-11 MAX, IN THE PROJECTION They were silent movies,
text: BOOTH BEHIND THE ROOM and Max would run the
dialog: projection machine, which
text: The light of the machine was just as well -- it
text: flickering over his face, kept him from giving us
text: which is frozen, a somber an accompaniment on
text: enigma. that wheezing organ.
scene_heading: B-12 NORMA AND GILLIS
dialog: She'd sit very close to
dialog: watching the screen. me, and she'd smell of
text: Gillis looks down and sees tuberoses, which is not
dialog: that Norma's hand is clasp- my favorite perfume, not
dialog: ing his ann tight. He by a long shot. Sometines
dialog: doesn't like it much but as we watched, she'd c
dialog: he can't do anything about lutch my arm or my hand
dialog: it. However. when she for forgetting she was my
text: a second lets go his arm employer becoming just a
text: to pick up a glass of fan, excited about that
text: champagne, he gently with- actress up there on the
text: draws his arm, leans away screen....I guess I don't
dialog: from her and crosses his have to tell you who the
dialog: arms to discourage any star was. They were
dialog: resumption of her approach. always her pictures --
text: Norma puts the glass down that's all she wanted
text: doesn't find his arn, but to see.
dialog: is not aware of any signifi-
text: cance in his maneuver. They
text: both watch the screen.
scene_heading: B-13 THE OTHER END OF THE BIG ROOM. WITH THE SCREEN
text: On it flickers a famous scene from one of Norma's old
dialog: silent pictures. It is not to be a funny scene. It
text: is old-fashioned, but shows her incredible beauty
dialog: and the screen presence which made her the great star
dialog: of her day.
text: B-14 NORMA AND GILLIS ON THE COUCH
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Still wonderful, isn't it? And
dialog: no dialogue. We didn't need
dialog: dialogue. We had faces. There
dialog: just aren't any faces like that
dialog: any more. Well, maybe one --
dialog: Garbo.
text: In a sudden flareup she jumps to her feet and stands
text: in the flickering beam of light.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Those idiot producers! Those
dialog: imbeciles! Haven't they got any
dialog: eyes? Have they forgotten what
dialog: a star looks like? I'll show them.
dialog: I'll be up there again. So help me!
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: B-15 THE BIG ROOM - (NIGHT)
scene_heading: It is apparently empty. GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: The elaborate lamps Sometimes there'd be a
dialog: make pools of light. little bridge game in the
dialog: house, at a twentieth-of-
text: THE CAMERA PULLS BACK a cent a point. I'd get
text: AND PANS to reveal a half her winnings. Once
text: card table around they ran up to seventy
dialog: which sit Norma and cents, which was about
dialog: three friends - three the only cash money I
dialog: actors of her period. ever got. The others
text: They sit erect and play around the table would
dialog: with grim seriousness. be actor friends - dim
dialog: figures you may still
text: Beside Norma sits remember from the silent
dialog: Gillis, kibitzing on a days. I used to think of
text: game which bores him them as her Wax Works.
dialog: extremely. An ashtray
text: on the card table is
dialog: full and Norma holds
dialog: it out for Gillis to
dialog: take away. He crosses
dialog: the room to the fire-
text: place. but his eyes
dialog: fall on the entrance
text: door and he stops.
scene_heading: B-16 THE ENTRANCE HALL - (FROM GILLIS' POINT OF VIEW)
text: Max stands in the open door. Outside are the two
text: men who came to the apartment for Gillis' car.
speaker_heading: B-17 GILLIS
text: He steps back so that he cannot be seen from the
text: door. A second later Max appears, looking for him.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: Some men are here. They asked
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I'm not here.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: That's what I told them.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: They found your car in the
dialog: garage. They are going to tow
text: it away.
text: Gillis doesn't know what to do. From offstage
dialog: comes:
speaker_heading: NORMA'S VOICE
dialog: The ashtray, Joe dear! Can we
dialog: have the ashtray?
text: Gillis dumps the cigarette butts into the cold fire-
text: place, crosses to the bridge table, puts the
text: ashtray down, leans over and speaks into Norma's ear.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I want to talk to you for a
dialog: minute.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Not now, my dear. I'm playing
dialog: three no trump.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: They've come for my car.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Please. Now I've forgotten how
text: many spades are out.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I need some money right now.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Can't you wait till I'm dummy?
speaker_heading: 3.22.49 GILLIS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: (Angry by now)
dialog: Please!
text: Gillis stands frustrated, hideously embarrassed
text: by the stares of the waxworks. He turns away
text: and hurries to the door.
scene_heading: B-18 ENTRANCE DOOR TO THE HOUSE
text: It is half open. Gillis comes into the shot
text: and, taking cover, looks out.
scene_heading: B-19 COURTYARD (FROM GILLIS' ANGLE)
text: The men from the finance company are cranking up
text: the car. Max stands watching silently. When they
text: finish the cranking job, the men climb into the
text: front seat of the truck.
scene_heading: B-2O GILLIS - AT THE DOOR
text: Over the shot the SOUND of the truck being started
text: and the cars moving away. Gillis moves out into
text: the courtyard and stands staring after the car.
text: From the house comes Norma.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Now what is it? Where's the
dialog: fire?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I've lost my car.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Oh...and I thought it was a
dialog: matter of life and death.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: It is to me. That's why I came
dialog: to this house. That's why I took
dialog: this job -- ghost writing!
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Now you're being silly. We don't
dialog: need two cars. We have a car. And
dialog: not one of thuse cheap new things
text: made of chromium and spit. An
dialog: Isotta-Fraschini. Have you ever
dialog: heard of Isotta-Fraschinis? All
dialog: hand-made. Cost me twenty-eight
dialog: thousand dollars.
text: THE CAMERA HAS PANNED over to the garage and FOCUSES
text: on the dirty Isotta-Fraschini on its blocks.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: B-21 NORMA'S ISOTTA-FRASCHINI
text: DRIVING IN THE HILLS
speaker_heading: ABOVE SUNSET (DAY)
text: Max is at the wheel, GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: dressed as usual except So Max got that old bus
text: for a chauffeurfs cap. down off its blocks and
dialog: polished it up. She'd
dialog: take me for rides in the
text: B-22 INSIDE THE CAR hills above Sunset.
text: Gillis sits beside Norma, The whole thing was up-
text: who is wearing a smart holstered in leopard
dialog: tailleur and her eternal skin, and had one of
dialog: sun glasses. Gillis those car phones, all
text: wears his sport jacket- gold-plated.
dialog: flannel trousers-moccasin
speaker_heading: combinatIon.
text: He sits uncomfortably. Norma is studying him.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: That's a dreadful shirt you're
dialog: wearing.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What's wrong with It?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Nothing, if you work in a fill-
dialog: ing station. And I'm getting
dialog: rather bored with that sport
dialog: jacket, and those same baggy
dialog: pants.
dialog: (She picks up
dialog: the car phone)
dialog: Max, what's a good men's shop
dialog: in town? The very best...
dialog: Well, go there !
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I don't need any clothes, and
dialog: I certainly don't want you buy-
dialog: ing them for --
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Why begrudge me a little fun?
dialog: I just want you to look nice,
dialog: my stray little boy.
text: By this time Max has made a U-turn.
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: B-23 INT. MEN'S DEPARTMENT, AN ELEGANT WILSHIRE STORE
text: Gillis stands in front of a full-length triple mirror,
text: surrounded by a couple of salesmen and the tailor, who
text: is busily working out alterations.
text: Gillis wears a double-breasted gray flannel coat with
text: chalk stripes. His trousers belong to another suit
text: of glen plaid. Norma is running the show.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: There's nothing like gray flannel
text: with a chalk stripe.
dialog: (she points at
dialog: the trousers)
text: This one single-breasted, of course.
dialog: (to another salesman)
dialog: Now we need a topcoat. Let's see
dialog: what you have in camel's hair.
text: The salesman leaves.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: How about some evening clothes?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I don't need a tuxedo.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Of course you do. A tuxedo and
dialog: tails.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Tails. That's ridiculous.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You'll need them for parties.
dialog: You'll need them for New Year's
dialog: Eve.
dialog: (to a salesman)
dialog: Where are your evening clothes?
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: This way, Madame.
text: He leads her off. The other salesman arrives with a
dialog: selection of topcoats.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Here are some camel hairs, but
dialog: I'd like you just to feel this
dialog: one. It's Vicuna. Of course,
dialog: it's a little more expensive.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: A camel's hair will do.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: (With an insulting
dialog: inflection)
dialog: As long as the lady is paying
dialog: for it, why not take the Vicuna?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: END OF SEQUENCE "B"
speaker_heading: SEQUENCE "C"
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: C-1 LONG SHOT DESMOND HOUSE
text: A day in December. Rain.
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: C-2 INT. ROOM OVER GARAGE
text: Water is drizzling from GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: two or three spots in the The last week in December
text: ceiling into pans and the rains came -- a great
text: bowls set to catch it, big package of rain.
text: one bowl right on the Over-sized, like every-
text: bed. The room is almost thing else in California.
dialog: emptied of Gillis' be-
text: longings by now. Max It came right through
text: is carrying out a hand- the old roof of my room
text: full of new suits on above the garage. She
dialog: hangers. He has a had Max move me to the
dialog: dressing gown over his main house. I didn't
text: shoulder. Gillis holds much like the idea -- the
dialog: a stack of shirts, his only time I could have
dialog: typewriter, and some to myself was in that
dialog: manuscript. He surveys room -- but it was better
dialog: the room for the last than sleeping in a rain-
text: time, to see whether coat and galoshes.
dialog: he's forgotten any-
dialog: thing. He has. He
text: puts down the typewriter
dialog: and picks up from under
dialog: the bed a pair of very
dialog: smart red leather bedroom
text: slippers. He tucks them
text: under his arm, picks up
text: the typewriter and leaves.
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: C-3 A BEDROOM IN TIiE MAIN HOUSE
text: It is obviously a man's room -- heavy Spanish
text: furniture -- one wall nothing but a closet with
text: shelves and drawers for shirts and shoes. Max is
text: hanging up the suits. Gillis throws the shirts on
text: a big chair, tosses the slippers at the foot of the
text: bed, places the typewriter and manuscript on a desk
text: at the window.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Whose room was this?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It was the room of the husband.
dialog: Or of the husbands, I should say.
dialog: Madame has been married three
dialog: times.
text: Slightly embarrassed, Gillis picks up his toilet
text: kit with razor, toothbrushes, soap, etc., and starts
text: towards the bathroom, pausing en route at a rain-
text: splattered window.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I guess this is the one you
dialog: can see Catalina from. Only
dialog: this isn't the day.
text: He proceeds towards the half-opened door leading
text: to the bathroom. Something strikes his attention
text: and he stops. As in the door to the room above
text: the garage, this lock, too, has been gouged out.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Hey, what's this with the
dialog: door? There isn't any lock.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: There are no locks anywhere
dialog: in this house.
text: He points to the entrance door of the room, and to
text: another door.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: The doctor suggested it.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What doctor?
speaker_heading: MAX
text: Madame's doctor. She has moments
dialog: of melancholy. There have been
text: some suicide attempts.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Uh-huh?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We have to be very careful. No
text: sleeping pills, no razor blades.
text: We shut off the gas in her bed-
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Why? Her career? She got enough
text: out of it. She's not forgotten.
dialog: She still gets those fan letters.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I wouldn't look too closely at the
dialog: postmarks.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: You send them. Is that it, Max?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'd better press your evening
dialog: clothes, sir. You have not for-
dialog: gotten Madame's New Year's party.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: No, I haven't. I suppose all
dialog: the waxworks are coming?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I don't know, sir. Madame made
dialog: the arrangements.
text: Max leaves. Gillis comes out of the bathroom, picks
text: up his shirts, goes over to a closet, opens it. As
text: he does so one of the doors without a lock swings
text: slightly open. Gillis looks through the half-open
text: door and sees.
scene_heading: C-4 NORMA DESMOND'S ROOM
text: It is empty. The rainy GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: day does nothing to There it was again - that
text: help its gloom. room of hers, all satin and
text: ruffles, and that bed like
text: a gilded rowboat. The per-
text: fect setting for a silent
dialog: movie queen. Poor devil,
text: still waving proudly to a
dialog: parade which had long since
text: passed her by.
text: He pushes the door shut
text: and walks back into the
dialog: room.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: C-5 STAIRCASE OF DESMOND
speaker_heading: HOUSE (NIGHT)
text: Gillis is coming down the GILLIS' VOICE
text: stairs in his tailcoat It was at her New Year's
dialog: adjusting the handkerchief party that I found out
text: in his pocket. He obviously how she felt about me.
dialog: feels a little uneasy in Maybe I'd been an idiot
dialog: this outfit. From below not to have sensed it
dialog: comes a tango of the Twen- was coming - that sad,
text: ties. played by a small embarrassing revelation.
text: orchestra. Gillis stops
text: in the archway leading to
text: the big room and looks
dialog: around.
text: C-6 THE BIG ROOM has been deco-
dialog: rated for the occasion with
text: laurel garlands. Dozens of
text: candles in all the sconces
text: and candelabra are ablaze.
text: Their flickering flames are
dialog: reflected in the waxed sur=
text: face of the tile floor.
text: There is a buffet, with
text: buckets of champagne and
text: caviar on ice. In one corner
text: on a little platform banked
text: with palms. a four-piece
text: orchestra is playing.
text: At the buffet are Max and Norma. She is drinking
text: a glass of champagne. She is wearing a diamonte
text: evening dress. very high style. with long black
text: gloves and a headdress of paradise feathers. Her
text: eyes fall on Gillis. She puts down the glass of
text: champagne. picks up a gardenia boutonniere and
text: moves toward him.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Joe, you look absolutely
dialog: divine. Turn around!
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (Embarrassed}
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Come on!
text: Gillis makes a slow 36O-degree turn.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Perfect. Wonderful shoulders.
dialog: And I love that line.
text: She indicates the V from his shoulders to his hips.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: All padding. Don't let it fool
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Come here!
text: She puts the gardenia on his lapel.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: You know, to me dressing up
dialog: was always just putting on
dialog: my dark blue suit.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I don't like those studs they've
dialog: sent. I want you to have pearls.
dialog: Nice big pearls.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Now, I'm not going to wear ear-
dialog: rings, I can tell you that.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Cute. Let's have some drinks.
text: She leads him over to the buffet.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Shouldn't we wait for the others?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: (Pointing at the floor)
dialog: Careful, it's slippery. I
dialog: had it waxed.
text: They reach the buffet. Max is ready with two
text: glasses of champagne. Norma hands Gillis a glass.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Here's to us.
dialog: They drink.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You know, this floor used to
dialog: be wood but I had it changed.
dialog: Valentino said there is nothing
text: like tiles for a tango.
text: She opens her arms.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
text: Not on the same floor with
dialog: Valentino!
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Just follow me.
text: They start to tango. After a moment --
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Don't bend back like that.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: It's those feathers. They tickle.
text: Norma pulls the paradise feathers from her hair
text: and tosses them away.
scene_heading: C-7 THE ORCHESTRA
text: As they play the tango, the musicians eye the danc-
text: ing couple, take in the situation, exchange glances
dialog: and turn away with professional discretion.
scene_heading: C-8 NORMA AND GILLIS, TANGOING
text: Gillis glances at his wrist watch.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
text: It's a quarter past ten. What
dialog: time are they supposed to get
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: The other guests?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: There are no other guests. We
dialog: don't want to share this night
dialog: with other people. This is for
dialog: you and me.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I understand some rich guy bought
dialog: up all the tickets for a perfor-
dialog: mance at the Metropolitan and sat
text: there listening to La Traviata,
dialog: all by himself. He was afraid of
text: catching cold.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Hold me tighter.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Come midnight, how about blind-
dialog: folding the orchestra and smash-
text: ing champagne glasses on Max's
dialog: head?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You think this is all very funny.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: A little.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Is it funny that I'm in love
dialog: with you?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I'm in love with you. Don't you
dialog: know that? I've been in love
dialog: with you all along.
text: They dance on. Gillis is acutely embarrassed.
text: THE CAMERA SLOWLY PULLS BACK, PANS past the faces
text: of the musicians, who play on with a rather overe-
text: mphasized lack of interest. Finally it winds up
text: on Max, behind the buffet. He stands watching Gillis,
text: a faint trace of pity in his eyes.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: C-9 NORMA'S FINGER, WITH THE
text: CIGARETTE GADGET, as she GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: inserts a cigarette. I'm sure a lot of you will
dialog: laugh about this. Ridicu-
dialog: lous situation, wasn't it?
dialog: -- a woman almost twice my
dialog: age ... It got to be about
dialog: a quarter of eleven. I
text: felt caught, like a cig-
text: arette in the prongs of
dialog: that contraption on her
dialog: finger.
scene_heading: PULL BACK TO:
text: NORMA AND GILLIS sitting on a couch in front of the
text: cavernous fireplace. Norma holds out her cigarette
text: to Gillis, who lights it.
speaker_heading: NORMA.
dialog: What a wonderful next year it's
dialog: going to be. What fun we're going
dialog: to have. I'II fill the pool for
dialog: you. Or I'll open my house in
dialog: Malibu, and you can have the whole
dialog: ocean. Or I'll buy you a boat
dialog: and we'll sail to Hawaii.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Stop it. You aren't going to buy
dialog: me anything more.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Don't be silly.
dialog: (She reaches under a
dialog: pillow of the couch
dialog: and brings out a
dialog: leather box)
dialog: Here. I was going to give it to
dialog: you at midniglht.
text: Gillis opens the box. It contains a matched gold
text: cigarette case and lighter.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Read what's inside.
text: Gillis snaps open the case. Engraved inside the
text: cover is: TO JOE FROM NORMA, and two bars of
dialog: music.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What are the notes?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: "Mad about the boy."
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Norma, I can't take it. You've
dialog: bought me enough.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Shut up. I'm rich. I'm richer
dialog: than all this new Hollywood trash.
dialog: I've got a million dollars.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Keep it.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I own three blocks downtown.
dialog: I have oil in Bakersfield --
text: pumping, pumping, pumping.
dialog: What's it for but to buy us
dialog: anything we want.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Cut out that us business.
text: He rises.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: What's the matter with you?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What right do you have to take
dialog: me for granted?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: What right? Do you want me to
dialog: tell you?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Has it ever occurred that I may
dialog: have a life of my own? That there
dialog: may be some girl I'm crazy about?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Who? Some car hop, or a dress
dialog: extra?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Why not? What I'm trying to say
dialog: is that I'm all wrong for you.
dialog: You want a Valentino -- somebody
dialog: with polo ponies -- a big shot --
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: (Getting up slowly)
dialog: What you're trying to say is
dialog: that you don't want me to love
dialog: you. Is that it?
text: Gillis doesn't answer. Norma slaps his face and
text: rushes from the room and upstairs.
text: Gillis stands paralyzed, the slap burning his cheek.
scene_heading: C-1O THE TOP OF THE STAIRCASE AND CORRIDOR
text: Norma rushes up the last few steps, down the corridor
text: and into her bedroom, banging the door. MOVE THE
text: CAMERA toward the closed door, centering on the
text: gouged-out lock.
scene_heading: C-11 GILLIS, IN THE BIG ROOM
text: He still stands motionless. He glances around fur-
text: tively, to see if his humiliation has been observed.
scene_heading: C-12 THE ORCHESTRA
text: The musicians are playing away. They have turned
text: their eyes away from Gillis rather too ostentatious-
dialog: ly for comfort.
speaker_heading: C-13 GILLIS
text: His eyes move over toward
speaker_heading: C-14 MAX
text: He is subtler than the musicians. He appears very
text: busy at the buffet, putting empty bottles and used
text: glasses on a tray. He walks across the room with
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: C-15 GILLIS
text: He starts slowly out. As he does so his long gold
text: key chain catches on a carved ornament of the sofa
text: and holds him for a second of additional embarrass-
text: ment. He yanks it loose and walks with as much
text: nonchalance as he can muster to
speaker_heading: C-16 THE HALL
text: Crossing towards the coat closet, Gillis throws a
text: look upstairs. Then he pulls the Vicuna coat from
text: its hangar and slips into it as he crosses to the
text: entrance door. He opens the door on the darkness
text: of the courtyard.
scene_heading: C-17 EXT. DESMOND HOUSE
speaker_heading: (NIGHT - RAIN)
text: Gillis shuts the door. GILLIS'VOICE
text: He takes a few steps I didn't know where I was
dialog: forward, then stands going. I just had to get
dialog: for a while breathing out of there. I had to be
dialog: deep. The rain is with people my own age. I
dialog: balm to that cheek had to hear somebody laugh
text: where the slap still a again. I thought of Artie
text: burns. He walks for- Green. There was bound to
dialog: ward with a great be a New Year's shindig
text: sense of relief. going on in his apartment
dialog: down on Las Palmas -- the
dialog: hock shop set -- not a job
text: C-18 DRIVEWAY LEADING TO in the room. but lots of
text: fun on the cuff.
text: Gillis walks to the
dialog: street, which is dark
text: and empty. He starts
dialog: down Sunset in an
text: Easterly direction.
text: A car passes. He
dialog: tries to thumb a
dialog: ride, without success.
dialog: However, the second
dialog: car, a florist's
text: delivery wagon, stops.
text: Gillis jumps in and the
text: car drives off.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: C-19 ARTIE GREEN'S APARTMENT
text: It is the most modest one-room affair, jam packed
text: with young people flowing over into the miniature
text: bathroom and the microscopic kitchenette. The only
text: drink being served is punch from a pressed-glass
dialog: bowl -- but everybody is having a hell of a time.
text: Most of the men are in slacks and sweaters, and only
text: a few of the girls in something that vaguely suggests
dialog: party dress.
text: Abe Burroughs sits at a small, guest-festooned piano
text: and sings Tokio Rose. By the door, a group of young
text: men and girls respond to the song by sing1ng Rinso
text: White or Dentyne Chewing Gum or something similar,
text: in the manner of a Bach choral. Artie Green, a dark
text: haired, pleasant-looking guy in his late twenties,
text: is conducting with the ladle from the punch bowl.
text: The door behind some of the singers is pushed open,
text: jostling them out of their places. In comes Gillis,
text: his hair and face wet, the collar of his Vicuna coat
text: turned up. Artie stops conducting, but the commer-
text: cial goes right on.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: Well, what do you know ! Joe
dialog: Gillis !
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Hi, Artie.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: Where have you been keeping that
dialog: gorgeous face of yours?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
text: In a deep freeze.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: I almost reported you to the Bureau
dialog: of Missing Persons.
dialog: (To the company)
dialog: Fans, you all know Joe Gillis, the
dialog: well-known screen writer, opium
text: smuggler and Black Dahlia suspect.
text: Gillis greets some of the kids by name as he and
text: Artie push their way into the room.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: Give me your coat.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Let it ride for a while.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: You're going to stay, aren't you?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: That was the general idea.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: Come on.
text: Artie starts peeling the coat off Gillis. Its
text: texture takes his breath away.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: What is this - mink?
text: He has taken the coat. He looks at Gillis standing
text: there in tails.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: Judas E. Priest, who did you
dialog: borrow that from? Adolphe
dialog: Menjou?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
text: Close, but no cigar.
text: Gillis stands embarrassed While Artie rolls up the
text: Vicuna coat and tucks it above the books on a book-
dialog: shelf.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: Say, you're not really smuggling
dialog: opium these days, are you?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Where's the bar?
text: The two make their way toward the punch bowl. It's
dialog: a little like running the gauntlet for Gillis. There
text: are whistles and 'stares of astonishlnent at his tails.
text: When they reach the punch bowl, Artie picks up a
text: half-filled glass and fills it.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Good party.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: The greatest. They call me the Elsa
dialog: Maxwell of the assistant directors.
dialog: (To some guests who are
text: dipping their empty cups
dialog: into the punch bowl)
dialog: Hey, easy on the punch bowl. Budget
dialog: only calls for three drinks per extra.
dialog: Fake the rest.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Listen, Artie, can I stick around
dialog: here for a while?
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: Sure, this'll go on all night.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I mean, could you put me up for
dialog: a couple of weeks?
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: It just so happens we have a
text: vacancy on the couch.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I'll take it.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: I'll have the bell-hop take care
dialog: of your luggage.
text: He runs his finger across the decollete back of a
text: girl standing in a group next them.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: Just register here.
text: The girl turns around. She is Betty Schaefer.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Hello, Mr. Gillis.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: You know each other?
text: Gillis looks at her a little puzzled.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Let me help you. Betty Schaeter,
text: Sheldrake's office.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Sure. Bases Loaded.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: Wait a minute. This is the woman
dialog: I love. What's going on? Who
dialog: was loaded?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Don't worry. She's just a fan
dialog: for my literary output.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: (to Artie)
dialog: Hurt feelings department.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: About that luggage. Where's
dialog: the phone?
speaker_heading: ARTIE
text: Over by the Rainbow Room.
text: Gillis squeezes his way through groups of people
text: to the telephone, which is next to an open door
text: leading to the bathroom. The phone is busy. A
text: girl sits listening to it, giggling wildly. Another
text: girl beside her is laughing too. They are apparently
text: sharing a conversation with some man on the other end
text: of the wire. The telephone passes from hand to hand.
text: Gillis watches impatiently, then
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: When youlre through with that
dialog: thing, can I have it?
text: The girl just nods, going on with her chattering.
text: Gillis stands waiting, and Betty Schaefer comes up
text: with his glass.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: You forgot this.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I've been hoping to run into you.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What for? To recover that knife
dialog: you stuck in my back?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I felt a little guilty, so I got
dialog: out some of your old stories.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Why, you sweet kid.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: There's one called....Window...
text: something with a window.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Dark Windows. How did you
dialog: like it?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I didn't.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: BETTY
text: Except for about six pages.
dialog: You've got a flashback there ...
text: There is too much racket for her.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Is there someplace we can talk?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: How about the Rainbow Room?
text: They squeeze their way towards the bathroom, past
dialog: Artie.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: I said you could have my couch.
dialog: I didn't say you could have my
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: This is shop talk.
text: She and Gillis go through the open door into
scene_heading: C-20 ARTIE'S BATHROOM
text: It's a little less noisy, although there are some
text: guests there, chatting and having fun. Betty and
text: Gillis sit down on the edge of the tub.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Now if I got you correctly, there
dialog: was a short stretch of my fiction
dialog: you found worthy of notice.
speaker_heading: BETTY
text: The flashback in the courtroom,
dialog: when she tells about being a
dialog: school teacher.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I had a teacher like that once.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Maybe that's why it's good.
dialog: It's true, it's moving. Now
dialog: why don't you use that character...
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Who wants true? Who wants moving?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Drop that attitude. Here's some-
dialog: thing really worth while.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Want me to start right now?
dialog: Maybe there's some paper around.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I'm serious. I've got a few ideas.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I've got some ideas myself. One
dialog: of them being this is New Year's
dialog: Eve. How about living it up a
dialog: little?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: As for instance?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Well....
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: We could make some paper boats
dialog: and have a regatta. Or should
dialog: we just turn on the shower?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: How about capturing the kitchen
dialog: and barricading the door?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Are you hungry?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Hungry? After twelve years in
dialog: the Burmese jungle. I am starving,
text: Lady Agatha -- starving for a
dialog: white shoulder --
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Phillip, you're mad!
text: One of the girls who was on the phone comes to
text: the door.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: You can have the phone now.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (Paying no attention)
text: Thirsting for the coolness of
dialog: your lips -
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: No, Phillip, no. We must be
dialog: strong. You're still wearing
dialog: the uniform of the Coldstream
dialog: Guards! Furthermore, you can
dialog: have the phone now.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: O.K.
text: (He gets up, starts
dialog: out, turns)
dialog: I find I'm terribly afraid of
dialog: losing you.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: You won't.
dialog: (She takes the glass
dialog: out of his hand)
dialog: I'll get us a refill of
dialog: this awful stuff.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: You'll be waiting for me?
speaker_heading: BETTY
text: With a wildly beating heart.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Life can be beautiful!
text: He leaves.
scene_heading: C-21 THE MAIN ROOM
text: Gillis squeezes himself through some guests to
text: the phone. He has to stand in a cramped position,
text: holding the instrument close to him as he dials
dialog: a number.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Max? This is Mr. Gillis.
dialog: I want you to do me a favor.
scene_heading: C-22 NORMA DESMOND HOUSE
text: Max is at the phone, in the lower hall.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I am sorry, Mr. Gillis.
dialog: I cannot talk now.
scene_heading: C-23 GILLIS ON THE PHONE
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Yes you can. I want you to get
dialog: my old suitcase and I want you
dialog: to throw in my old clothes --
dialog: the ones I came with, and my
dialog: typewriter. I'll have somebody
dialog: pick them up.
scene_heading: C-24 MAX AT THE PHONE
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I have no time to talk. The
dialog: doctor is here.
scene_heading: C-25 GILLIS ON THE PHONE
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What doctor? What's going on?
scene_heading: C-26 MAX AT THE PHONE
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: She got the razor from your
text: room. She cut her wrists.
text: Max hangs up, moves toward the staircase.
scene_heading: C-27 GILLIS AT THE PHONE
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Max ! Max !
text: He hangs up the dead receiver, stands numb with
text: shock. Betty elbows her way up to him, carrying
text: the two punch glasses filled again.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I just got the recipe: take
text: two packages of cough drops,
dialog: dissolve in one gallon of
dialog: lukewarm grape juice --
text: Gillis looks up at her. Without a word he pushes
text: her aside so that she spills the drink. He makes
text: his way through the guests to the Vicuna coat, pulls
text: it from the shelf, some books tumbling with it, and
text: rushes towards the door and out. Betty stands look-
text: ing after him, completely bewildered.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: C-28 EXT. DESMOND HOUSE - (NIGHT, RAIN)
text: The doctor's car is parked in the driveway. A taxi
text: pulls up. Gillis, in his Vicuna coat now, jumps
text: out, throws a couple of dollars to the rdriver and
text: runs toward the house.
scene_heading: C-28a DOORWAY, NORMA DESMOND HOUSE&gt;
text: Max is opening the door to let out the doctor, a
text: professional looking man carrying a black bag.
text: Gillis runs into the SHOT.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: How is she?
speaker_heading: MAX
text: She is upstairs.
text: Gillis starts to push past Max. Max grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Be careful. Do not race up the
dialog: stairs. The musicians must not
dialog: know what has happened.
text: Gillis goes into the house.
scene_heading: C-29 ENRANCE HALL AND STAIRCASE
text: Gillis crosses the hall and starts up the stairs.
scene_heading: C-3O INT. NORMA DESMOND'S ROOM
text: Only one alabaster lamp lights the big, cold room.
text: On the bed lies Norma in her evening dress. She is
text: white as a sheet. Her wrists are bandaged. Her eyes
text: are wide open, staring at the ceiling. One of her
text: shoes has halt slipped off her foot. The other is
text: on. Gillis opens the door and stands there tor a
text: second. Then he slowly moves to the toot of the bed.
text: He takes the shoes from her feet and puts them on
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Go away.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What kind of a silly thing was
dialog: that to do?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: To fall in love with you -- that
dialog: was the idiotic thing.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: It sure would have made attractive
dialog: headlines: Great Star Kills Her-
dialog: self for Unknown Writer.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Great stars have great pride.
text: She puts one bandaged forearm over her eyes, sobbing.
text: Gillis walks slowly over to the mantelpiece, stands
dialog: there for awhile.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Go away. Go to that girl of yours.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Look, I was making that up because
dialog: I thought the whole thing was a
dialog: mistake. I didn't want to hurt you.
dialog: You've been good to me. You're the
dialog: only person in this stinking town
dialog: that has been good to me.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Why don't you just say thank you
dialog: and go, go, go --
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Not until you promise to act like
text: a sensible human being.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I'll do it again, I'll do it again,
dialog: I'll do it again!
text: Gillis stands looking at her helplessly.
scene_heading: C-31 LIVING ROOM, THE DESMOND HOUSE
text: The candles burned down, the orchestra playing to
text: the emptiness. The orchestra leader looks at his
text: watch, rises, silences the orchestra, then starts
dialog: them in on Auld Lang Syne.
dialog: 
scene_heading: C-32 INT. NORMA'S ROOM
text: Gillis still stands. Norma lies on the bed, arms
text: over her eyes, sobbing.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Happy New Year.
text: Norma continues to sob. Gillis goes to the bed,
text: puts his arms on her shoulders and turns her around.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Happy New Year.
text: Norma looks at him, tears in her eyes. Slowly she
text: enfolds him in her bandaged arms.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Happy New Year. darling.
text: She kisses him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: END OF SEQUENCE "C"
speaker_heading: SEQUENCE "D"
scene_heading: DISSOLVE IN ON:
scene_heading: D-1 INT. HALLWAY, NORMA GILLIS' VOICE
scene_heading: DESMOND'S HOUSE (DAY) Around the middle of May
dialog: some incidents happened
dialog: The telephone is heard which I think I should tell
dialog: ringing. Max comes from you about.
text: living room to the phone,
text: picks it up.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Hello ... Yes?
text: D-1a BETTY SCHAEFER, AT THE PHONE ON HER DESK IN THE
speaker_heading: READERS' DEPARTMENT
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Is this Crestview 5-1733? ... I'm
dialog: sorry to bother you again, but I've
dialog: confirmed the number. I must speak
dialog: to Mr. Gillis.
scene_heading: D-1b MAX, AT THE PHONE
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: He is not here.
scene_heading: D-1c BETTY ON THE PHONE
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Where can I reach him? Maybe
dialog: somebody else in the house could
dialog: tell me.
scene_heading: D-1d MAX ON THE PHONE
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Nobody here can give you any
dialog: information. You will please
dialog: not call again.
text: He hangs up. From off comes:
speaker_heading: NORMA'S VOICE
dialog: Who was it, Max? What is it?
scene_heading: D-1e PATIO, NORMA'S HOUSE
text: It is a sunny day. The garden is in somewhat better
text: shape. The old house looks less unkept. The pool
text: is filled. Norma sits on a wicker chaise longue, her
text: face shielded by an enormous straw hat, her eyes by
text: dark glasses. Gillis, in bathing trunks, is on a
text: rubber mattress in the pool. Max comes to the
text: entrance door.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Nothing, Madame. Somebody Inqu-
dialog: iring about a stray dog. We must
dialog: have a number very similar to the
dialog: pound.
text: He starts to turn back.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Wait a minute. I want you to get
dialog: out the car. You're going to
dialog: take the script over to Paramount
dialog: and deliver it to Mr. De Mille in
dialog: person.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yes, Madame.
text: He goes into the house.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (climbing out
dialog: of the water)
dialog: You're really going to send it
dialog: to De Mille?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: This is the right day.
text: She indicates a typewritten letter she is holding.
speaker_heading: NORMA (Cont'd)
dialog: The chart from my astrologer.
text: She read deMille's horoscope.
dialog: She read mine.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Did she read the script?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: DeMille is Leo. I'm Scorpio.
dialog: Mars has been transmitting
dialog: Jupiter for weeks. Today is
dialog: the day of greatest conjuction.
dialog: Now turn around. Let me dry
dialog: you.
text: She puts the towel around his sholders and starts
text: drying him.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I hope you realize, Norma,
dialog: that scripts don't sell on
text: astrologers' charts.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I'm not just selling the script.
dialog: I'm selling me. DeMille always
dialog: said I was his greatest star.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: When did he say it, Norma?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: So he said it quite a few years
dialog: ago. So what? I never looked
dialog: better in my life. Do you know
dialog: why? Because I've never been as
dialog: happy in my life.
text: She kisses him.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: D-2 INT. THE ISOTTA, DRIVING
scene_heading: DOWN SUNSET ABOUT 8:30
scene_heading: IN THE EVENING GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: A few evenings later we
text: Max is driving. In the were going to the house of
text: tonneau sit Norma, in a one of the waxworks for
dialog: chinchilla wrap, and some bridge. She'd taught
dialog: Gillis in his tuxedo. me how to play bridge by
text: Norma is rummaging then, just as she'd taught
dialog: through her evening me some fancy tango steps,
text: bag. She finds a and what wine to drink
text: cigarette case, opens with what fish.
text: it. It is empty.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: That idiot. He forgot to fill
dialog: my cigarette case.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (Proffering his case)
dialog: Have one of mine.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: They're awful. They make me cough.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
text: (Pushing open the glass
dialog: partition, to Max)
dialog: Pull up at the drugstore, will
dialog: you, Max.
dialog: (To Norma)
dialog: I'll get you some.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You're a darling.
text: She takes a dollar bill from her purse and gives it
text: to him.
scene_heading: D-3 EXT. SCHWAB'S DRUGSTORE
text: The car drives up and Gillis hurries into the store.
scene_heading: D-4 INT. SCHWAB'S DRUGSTORE
dialog: Business is still rather lively. There are about a
text: dozen shoppers, and the soda counter is half filled.
text: Gillis enters and steps to the tobacco counter.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (To the salesgirl)
dialog: Give me a pack of those Turkish
dialog: cigarettes -- Melachrinos.
text: The girl opens the glass showcase to locate the fancy
dialog: brand. From OFF comes
speaker_heading: ARTIE'S VOICE
dialog: Stick 'em up, Gillis, or I'll
dialog: let you have it!
text: Gillis turns.
scene_heading: D-5 AT THE SODA FOUNTAIN
text: Artie Green and Betty Schaefer sit having a sandwich
text: and a milk shake. With his forefinger and a sound
text: effect, Artie riddles Gillis' body. Gillis walks
text: INTO THE SHOT.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Hello, Artie. Good evening,
dialog: Miss Schaefer.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: (Excitedly)
dialog: You don't know how glad I am
dialog: to see youl
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: Walking out on the mob. What's
dialog: the big idea?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I'm sorry about New Year's. Would
dialog: you believe me if I said I had
dialog: to be with a sick friend?
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: Someone in the formal set, no
text: doubt, with a ten-carat kidney
dialog: stone.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Stop it, Artie, will you?
dialog: (To Gillis)
dialog: Where have you been keeping your-
dialog: self? I've got the most wonderful
dialog: news for you.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I haven't been keeping myself at
dialog: all. Not lately.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I called your agent. I called the
dialog: Screen Writers Guild. Finally your
dialog: old apartment gave me some Crestview
dialog: number. There was always somebody
dialog: with an accent growling at me. You
dialog: were not there. You were not to be
dialog: spoken to. They never heard of you.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Is that so? What's the wonderful
dialog: news?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Sheldrake likes that angle about
dialog: the teacher.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What teacher?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Dark Windows. I got him all
text: hopped up about it.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: You did?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: He thinks it could be made into
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Into what? A lampshade?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Into something for Barbara Stan-
dialog: wyck. They have a commitment with
dialog: Barbara Stanwyck.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: Unless you'd rather have Sarah
dialog: Bernhardt.
speaker_heading: BETTY
text: This is on the level. Sheldrake
dialog: really went for it.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: O.K. Where's the cash?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Where's the story? I bluffed it
dialog: out with a few notions of my own.
dialog: It's really just a springboard.
dialog: It needs work.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I was afraid of that.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I've got twenty pages of notes.
dialog: I've got a pretty good character
dialog: for the man.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: Could you write in plenty of back-
dialog: ground action, so they'll need an
dialog: extra assistant director?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Shut up, Artie.
dialog: (To Gillis)
dialog: Now if we could sit down for two
dialog: weeks and get a story.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Sorry, Miss Schaefer, but I've
dialog: given up writing on spec.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I tell you this is half sold.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: As a matter of fact. I've given
dialog: up writing altogether.
text: Max has appeared in the door.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Mr. Gillis, if you please.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Right with you.
text: Max leaves.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: The accent! I've got it: this guy
text: is in the pay of a foreign government.
dialog: Get those studs. Get those cuff-links.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I've got to run along. Thanks any-
dialog: way for your interest in my career.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: It's not your career -- it's mine.
dialog: I kind of hoped to get in on this
dialog: deal. I don't want to be a reader
dialog: all my life. I want to write.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Sorry if I crossed you up.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: You sure have.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: So long.
text: He leaves.
speaker_heading: ARTIE
dialog: (Patting her hand)
dialog: Babe, it's like that producer says:
dialog: In life, you've got to take the
text: bitter with the sour.
scene_heading: D-6 THE ISOTTA, PARKED OUTSIDE
text: Gillis comes from Schwab's, gets into the car.
text: Max takes off.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: What on earth, darling? It took
dialog: you hours.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I ran into some people I knew.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Where are my cigarettes?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Where are your...?
text: He realizes he's forgotten them, takes the dollar
text: and hands it back to her.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Norma, you're smoking too much.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: D-7 LIVING ROOM, NORMA
speaker_heading: DESMOND'S HOUSE
speaker_heading: (EARLY AFTERNOON)
text: Start on a tiny GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: parasol being Whenever she suspected I
text: twirled...Norma was getting bored, she
text: peeks out from one would put on a live show
dialog: side of the parasol, for me: the Norma Desmond
text: a bandanna tied Follies. Her first number
dialog: around her head with was always the Mack Sennett
text: a rabbit's-ear bow. Bathing Beauty.
text: She bats her eyes,
text: winks roguishly.
text: THE CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal that Norma's black
text: pyjama trousers are rolled up over her knees and her
text: black stockings rolled down below them. The whole
text: effect approximates a Mack Sennett bathing costume
text: pretty effectively. She points at a leather pour.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: This is a rock.
text: She climbs on it, pantomimes timidity, an attempted
text: dive, then jumps off.
text: Gillis lolls on a couch, watching the performance,
text: very bored.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I can still see myself in the
dialog: line: Bebe Daniels, Marie Prevost,
dialog: Mabel Normand ... Mabel was always
dialog: stepping on my feet ...What's the
dialog: matter with you, darling? Why are
dialog: you so glum?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (Lighting a cigarette
dialog: with a match)
dialog: Nothing is the matter. I'm having
dialog: a great time. Show me some more.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: (Taking the match)
dialog: All right. Give me this. I need
text: it for a moustache. Now close
dialog: your eyes.
text: She runs out of the GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: picture. Gillis has Something was the matter,
dialog: closed his eyes. all right. I was thinking
text: THE CAMERA MOVES to about that girl of Artie's,
dialog: his face. that Miss Schaefer. She
dialog: was so like all us writers
dialog: when we first hit Holly-
dialog: wood -- itching with am-
text: bition, panting to get
dialog: your names up there:
dialog: Screenplay by. Original
dialog: Story by. Hmph! Audiences
dialog: don't know somebody sits
text: down and writes a picture.
dialog: They think the actors make
text: it up as they go along.
speaker_heading: NORMA'S VOICE
dialog: Open your eyes.
text: Gillis opens his eyes.
text: Norma has equipped herselr with a derby hat, a cane,
text: and blacked in a small moustache. She goes into a
text: little Chaplin routine. While she is doing it, the
text: telephone rings. After a moment Max comes to the
text: living room door.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: Madame is wanted on the telephone.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You know better than to interrupt me.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Paramount is calling.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Paramount studios.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: (To Gillis)
dialog: Now, now do you belive me? I told
dialog: you deMille would jump at it.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: It is not Mr. deMille in person.
dialog: It is someone by the name or Gordon
dialog: Cole. He says it's very important.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Certainly it's important. It's
dialog: important enough for Mr. deMille
dialog: to call me personally. The idea
dialog: of having an assistant call me!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I myself was surprised at Mr. de
dialog: Mille's manners.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Say that I'm busy, and hang up.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Very good, Madam.
text: He bows and exits.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: How do you like that? We've
dialog: made twelve pictures together.
dialog: His greatest successes.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
text: Maybe deMille is shooting.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I know that trick! He wants to
dialog: belittle me. He's trying to get
dialog: my price down. I've waited
dialog: twenty years for this call. Now
dialog: Mr. deMille can wait till I'm
dialog: good and ready.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: D-8 NORMA, IN THE TONNEAU
text: OF THE LIMOUSINE,
scene_heading: DRIVING DOWN MELROSE
text: She is in full makeup, GILLIS' VOICE
text: with a veil, a daring About three days later she
text: hat, a suit so stunning was good and ready. In-
dialog: only she would venture credible as it may seem,
dialog: to wear it. THE CAMERA there had been some more
text: PULLS BACK. Beside her of those calls from
text: sits Gillis in the glen Paramount. So she put on
text: plaid suit. Max is about half a pound of
dialog: driving. makeup, fixed it up with
text: a veil, and set forth to
dialog: see deMille in person.
text: Norma is examining her face in the mirror of her
text: vanity. Max, while driving, sees her in the rear
dialog: view mirror.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: If you will pardon me, Madame.
text: The shadow over the left eye
text: is not quite balanced.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Thank you, Max.
text: With a handkerchief, she corrects it.
scene_heading: D-9 MAIN GATE, EXT. PARAMOUNT STUDIO
text: The car drives down Bronson and stops smack in front
text: of the iron gate. A young policeman is talking to
text: an extra; an old policeman sits reading a newspaper.
text: Max sounds the horn impatiently.
speaker_heading: YOUNG POLICEMAN
dialog: Hold that noise!
speaker_heading: MAX
text: To see Mr. de Mille. Open the gate.
speaker_heading: YOUNG POLICEMAN
dialog: Mr. deMille is shooting. You
dialog: got an appointment?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No appointment is necessary. I
dialog: am bringing Norma Desmond.
speaker_heading: YOUNG POLICEMAN
dialog: Norma Who?
text: Norma has rolled down the window on her side. She
text: calls to the old policeman.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Jonesy! Come here, Jonesy!
speaker_heading: OLD POLICEMAN
dialog: Yeah?
text: (He comes forward slowly)
dialog: Why, if it isn't Miss Desmond!
dialog: How have you been, Miss Desmond?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Fine, Jonesy. Now open that gate.
speaker_heading: OLD POLICEMAN
dialog: Sure, Miss Desmond.
dialog: (To the young policeman}
dialog: Come on, Mac.
speaker_heading: YOUNG POLICEMAN
dialog: They can't drive on the lot
dialog: without a pass.
speaker_heading: OLD POLICEMAN
dialog: Miss Desmond can. Come on.
text: They fling open the gate.
speaker_heading: OLD POLICEMAN
text: (As the car drives through)
dialog: Stage eighteen, Miss Desmond.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Thank you, Jonesy. And teach
dialog: your friend some manners. Tell
dialog: him without me he wouldn't have
dialog: any job, because without me there
dialog: wouldn't be any Paramount Studio.
dialog: (To Max)
dialog: Go on.
text: They drive through the gates. The old policeman
text: goes to wall phone beside the gate, dials a number.
speaker_heading: OLD POLICEMAN
dialog: (Into phone)
dialog: Norma Desmond coming in to
dialog: see Mr. deMille.
speaker_heading: D-10 STAGE 18
text: A scene from SAMPSON AND DELILAH is being rehearsed
text: in the background. The usual turbulent activity
text: surrounds it: extras. makeup men, grips,
text: assistants, etc., etc. In the dim foreground a
text: stage hand is answering a stand telephone. He
text: puts down the phone and moves (CAMERA WITH HIM)
text: to a second assistant.
speaker_heading: STAGE HAND
text: Norma Desmond is coming to see
dialog: Mr. deMille.
text: The second assistant walks (CAMERA WITH HIM)
dialog: to the first assistant.
speaker_heading: 2nd ASSISTANT
dialog: Norma Desmond coming in to
dialog: see Mr. deMille.
text: The first assistant (CAMERA WITH HIM) hurries
text: to the set. Sitting with his back toward us
text: is C.B. himself. He is rehearsing a scene with
dialog: Hedy Lamarr.
speaker_heading: 1ST ASSISTANT
text: Norma Desmond is coming in to
dialog: see you, Mr. deMille.
text: C. B. turns his head.
speaker_heading: DEMILLE
dialog: Norma Desmond?
speaker_heading: lst ASSISTANT
text: She must be a million years old.
speaker_heading: DEMILLE
dialog: I hate to think where that puts
dialog: me. I could be her father.
speaker_heading: 1ST ASSISTANT
dialog: I'm terribly sorry, Mr. de Mille.
text: By this time de Mille is on his feet.
speaker_heading: DEMILLE
dialog: It must be about that appalling
dialog: script of hers. What can I say
dialog: to her? What can I say?
speaker_heading: 1ST ASSISTANT
dialog: I can tell her you're all tied
dialog: up in the projection room. I
dialog: can give her the brush ...
speaker_heading: DEMILLE
dialog: Listen, thirty million fans
dialog: have given her the brush.
dialog: Isn't that enough?
speaker_heading: 1ST ASSISTANT
dialog: I didn't mean to --
speaker_heading: DEMILLE
dialog: Of course you didn't. You didn't
dialog: know Norma Desmond as a plucky
dialog: little girl of seventeen, with
dialog: more courage and wit and heart
dialog: than ever came together in one
dialog: youngster.
speaker_heading: 1ST ASSISTANT
dialog: I hear she was a terror to
dialog: work with.
speaker_heading: DEMILLE
dialog: She got to be. A dozen press
dialog: agents working overtime can
dialog: do terrible things to the human
dialog: spirit.
dialog: (to the set)
dialog: Hold everything.
text: He leaves, accompanied by his entourage.
scene_heading: D-11 EXT. STAGE 18
text: Norma's limousine drives up. Max dismounts
text: and opens the door.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: (taking Gillis's hand)
dialog: Don't you want to come along,
dialog: darling?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I don't think so. It's your
dialog: script. It's your show.
dialog: Good luck.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Thank you, darling.
text: She presses his hand against her cheek, descends
text: from the car and walks toward -
scene_heading: D-12 THE DOOR OF STAGE 18
text: The first assistant is holding it open. In the door-
text: way stands Mr. deMille. Seeing Norma, he stretches
text: out his arms.
speaker_heading: DE MILLE
dialog: Hello, young fellow.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Hello, Mr. deMille.
text: She has reached him. They embrace.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Last time I saw you was someplace
dialog: very gay. I remember waving to you.
text: I was dancing on a table.
speaker_heading: DE MILLE
dialog: Lots of people were. Lindbergh had
dialog: just landed in Paris. Come on in.
text: He leads her into
speaker_heading: D-13 STAGE 18
text: During the ensuing dialogue, Mr. deMille walks Norma
text: towards the set.
speaker_heading: DE MILLE
dialog: Norma, I want to apologize for
dialog: not calling you.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You'd better. I'm very angry.
speaker_heading: DE MILLE
dialog: I'm pretty busy, as you can see...
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: That's no excuse. You read the
dialog: script, didn't you?
speaker_heading: DE MILLE
dialog: Yes, I did.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Then you could have picked up the
dialog: phone yourself instead of leaving
dialog: it to one of your assistants.
speaker_heading: DE MILLE
dialog: What assistant?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Don't play innocent. Somebody
dialog: named Gordon Cole.
speaker_heading: DE MILLE
dialog: Gordon Cole?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: And if you hadn't been pretty
dialog: darned interested in that script,
dialog: he wouldn't have tried to get
dialog: me on the phone ten times.
speaker_heading: DE MILLE
dialog: Gordon Cole... Look, Norma,
text: I'm in the middle of a rehearsal.
dialog: (Indicating his
dialog: own chair)
dialog: Make yourself comfortable.
text: He walks onto the set, accompanied by his assistants.
speaker_heading: DE MILLE
dialog: (Sotto voce, to his
dialog: first assistant)
dialog: Get me Gordon Cole on the phone.
text: Meanwhile, Norma starts to sit, sees the name
text: MISS LAMARR on the chair and with a look of
text: distaste changes and sits on the one marked
text: C.B. DE MILLE. From somewhere comes
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: Hey, Miss Desmond! Miss Desmond!
text: She looks around her.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Up here!
text: Norma looks up at the scaffolding.
text: On the scaffold stands one of the electricians,
text: next to his light.
speaker_heading: ELECTRICIAN
dialog: It's met It's Hog-eyel
text: Norma waves at him.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Hello.
text: Hog-eye points his light at her.
speaker_heading: HOG-EYE
dialog: Let's get a look at you.
text: The beam of the lamp moves toward Norma. It hits
text: her. She sits bathed in light. A couple of old
text: costume extras recognize her.
speaker_heading: EXTRAS
dialog: Say, it's Norma! Norma Desmond!
text: They rush over and start wringing her hand. Into
text: the shot comes a middle-aged hairdresser.
speaker_heading: HAIRDRESSER
dialog: Hello, Miss Desmond. It's Bessie.
text: Some elderly electricians and stagehands move in.
scene_heading: D-14 ANOTHER PART OF THE STAGE
text: The first assistant brings the portable phone to
text: deMille. DeMille lifts the receiver.
speaker_heading: DE MILLE
dialog: Hello.
scene_heading: D-15 GORDON COLE'S OFFICE IN THE PROPERTY DEPARTMENT,
text: GORDON COLE ON THE PHONE.
speaker_heading: COLE
text: Prop Department. Gordon Cole speaking.
scene_heading: D-16 DE MILLE ON THE PHONE
speaker_heading: DE MILLE
dialog: Cole, this is C. B. deMille. Have
dialog: you been calling Norma Desmond?...
dialog: What's it about?
scene_heading: D-17 GORDON COLE, ON THE PHONE
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: It's that car of hers -- an old
text: Isotta-Fraschini. Her chauffeur
dialog: drove it on the lot the other day.
text: It looks just right for the Crosby
dialog: picture. We want to rent it for a
dialog: couple of weeks.
scene_heading: D-18 DE MILLE ON THE PHONE
speaker_heading: DE MILLE
dialog: (Troubled)
dialog: Oh. Well, thank you.
text: He hangs up, walks back towards Norma. (CAMERA
speaker_heading: WITH HIM).
text: Norma stills sits in the shaft of light, surrounded
text: by about a dozen people who have come up to pay court.
text: DeMille gestures up to Hog-eye and the light shifts
text: away. The people about Norma disperse slowly with
text: various ad-libs.
speaker_heading: DE MILLE
dialog: Well, Norma ...
text: (He sits down next to her)
dialog: I got hold of Gordon Cole.
text: Norma hasn't heard a word.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Did you see them? Did you see
dialog: how they came?
speaker_heading: DE MILLE
dialog: You know, crazy things happen in
dialog: this business. I hope you haven't
dialog: lost your sense of humor ...
text: Suddenly he realizes that she is crying. She takes
text: the handkerchief from his pocket and puts it over her
text: eyes.
speaker_heading: DEMILLE
dialog: What's the matter, Norma?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Nothing. I just didn't realize
dialog: what it would be like to come back
dialog: to the old studio. I had no idea
dialog: how I'd missed it.
speaker_heading: DEMILLE
dialog: We've missed you too, dear.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: We'll be working again, won't we, Chief?
dialog: We'll make our greatest picture.
speaker_heading: DEMILLE
dialog: That's what I want to talk to you about.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: It's a good script, isn't it?
speaker_heading: DEMILLE
dialog: It's got a lot of good things. Of
dialog: course, it would be an expensive picture...
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I don't care about the money.
dialog: I just want to work again. You
dialog: don't know what it means to know
dialog: that you want me.
speaker_heading: DEMILLE
dialog: Nothing would thrill me more --
dialog: if it were possible.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: But remember, darling -- I don't
dialog: work before ten in the morning,
text: and never after 4:30 in the afternoon.
text: The first assistant comes up.
speaker_heading: 1ST ASSISTANT
dialog: We're ready with the shot, Mr. deMille.
speaker_heading: DEMILLE
dialog: You'll pardon me, Norma? Why
dialog: don't you just sit and watch?
text: (He steps onto the set)
dialog: O.K. Here we go.
speaker_heading: 1ST ASSISTANT
dialog: Roll 'em.
speaker_heading: DEMILLE
dialog: Action!
text: The scene starts.
scene_heading: D-19 THE ISOTTA, PARKED OUTSIDE STAGE 18
text: Max stands talking to Gillis, who is seated in the
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (Pointing to the row
dialog: of offices in the
dialog: building opposite)
dialog: You see those offices there, Mr.
dialog: Gillis? They used to be her
dialog: dressing room, The whole row.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: That didn't leave much for Wallace
dialog: Reid.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: He had a great big bungalow on
dialog: wheels. I had the upstairs. See
dialog: where it says 'Readers' Department'?
dialog: I remember my walls were covered
dialog: with black patent leather...
text: The words "Readers' Department" have registered on
text: Gillis' mind. He gets out of the car.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I'll be with you in a minute.
text: He crosses the street towards the green staircase
text: leading to the second floor.
text: Meanwhile, two prop men walking down the street
dialog: come into the SHOT.
speaker_heading: 1ST PROP MAN
dialog: Hey, that's the comic car Cole
dialog: was talking about!
dialog: (To Max)
dialog: Do you mind if we look inside?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Go away. Go away.
scene_heading: D-2O CUBICLE IN THE READERS' DEPARTMENT
text: Behind the desk sits Betty, typing the synopsis of
text: a novel, a half-eaten apple marking her place. The
text: door behind her opens and Gillis enters.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Just so you don't think I'm a
dialog: complete swine -- if there's
dialog: anything in Dark Windows you
dialog: can use, take it. It's all
dialog: yours.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Well, for heaven's sake!
text: She moves the book and the apple aside and points at
text: the free space on the desk.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Have a chair.
text: Gillis sits on the desk.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I mean it. It's no good to me
dialog: anyway. Help yourself.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Why should you do that?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: If you get a hundred thousand for
dialog: it, you buy me a box of chocolate
dialog: creams. If you get an Oscar, I
dialog: get the left foot.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: You know, I'd take you up on that
dialog: in a minute. I'm just not good
dialog: enough to do it all by myself.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What about all those ideas you had?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: See if they make sense. To begin
dialog: with, I think you should throw out
dialog: all that psychological stuff --
text: exploring a killer's sick mind.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
text: Psychopaths sell like hotcakes.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: This story is about teachers --
dialog: their threadbare lives, their
dialog: struggles. Here are people doing
dialog: the most important job in the
dialog: world, and they have to wprry
dialog: about getting enough money to
dialog: re-sole their shoes. To me it
dialog: can be as exciting as any chase,
dialog: any gunplay.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Check.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Now I see her teaching day classes
text: while he teaches night school. The
dialog: first time they meet ...
text: From below comes the SOUND of the Isotta's horn.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Look, if you don't mind, I haven't
dialog: got time to listen to the whole
dialog: plot ...
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I'll make it short.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Sorry. It's your baby now.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I'm not good enough to write it
dialog: alone. We'll have to do it together.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I'm all tied up. I can't.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Couldn't we work in the evenings?
dialog: Six o'clock in the morning? This
dialog: next month I'm completely at your
text: disposal. Artie is out of town.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What has Artie to do with it.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: We're engaged.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Good for you. You've got yourself
dialog: the best guy in town.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I think so. They're on location
text: in Arizona, shooting a Western.
dialog: I'm free every evening, every week-
dialog: end. If you want, we could work at
dialog: your place.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: It's just impossible.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Nobody can be that busy.
text: There is another honk: from down below.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Look, Betty, It can't be done.
dialog: It's out.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: You're tough, all right.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: You're on your own. Stop being
text: chicken-hearted and write that story.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Honest to goodness, I hate you.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (Turning 1n the open door)
dialog: And don't make it too dreary. How
dialog: about this for a situation: she
dialog: teaches daytimes. He teaches at
dialog: night. Right? They don't even know
text: each other, but they share the same
dialog: room. It's cheaper that way. As a
dialog: matter of fact, they sleep in the
dialog: same bed -- in shifts, of oourse.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Are you kidding? Because I think
dialog: it's good.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: So do I.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Came on back. Let me show you
dialog: where it fits in.
text: She reaches in a drawer for her notes on Dark
dialog: Windows.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (At the door)
dialog: So long.
text: Betty picks up the apple and is about to throw it
text: after him.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Oh, you --
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: And here's a title: AN APPLE FOR
text: THE TEACHER.
text: He ducks out quiokly, slamming the door behind him.
text: Betty looks after him, then angrlly hurls the
text: apple into the wastebasket.
scene_heading: D-21 STAIRCASE OUTSIDE READERS' DEPARTMENT
text: Max is rush1ng up the stairs toward the descending
dialog: Gillis.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What's the matter, Max?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I just found out why all those tele-
dialog: phone calls. It is not Miss Desmond
dialog: they want. It is the car they want
dialog: to rent.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What?
text: Max has seen something off.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Ssh...
text: With his head he indicates
scene_heading: D-22 ENTRANCE TO STAGE 18
text: The first assistant has opened the door. DeMille
text: is showing Norma out.
speaker_heading: DE MILLE
dialog: Goodbye, young fellow. We'll see
dialog: what we can do.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: (embracing him)
dialog: I'm not worried. Everything will
dialog: be fine. The old team together.
dialog: Nothing can stop us.
text: She turns and walks out of the shot. De Mille
text: stands for a second watching her, then turns to
dialog: his assistant.
speaker_heading: DE MILLE
dialog: Get Gordon Cole. Tell him to forget
text: about her car. He can find another
dialog: old car. I'll buy him five old cars,
dialog: if necessary.
speaker_heading: 1ST ASSISTANT
dialog: Yes, Mr. De Mille.
text: They turn back into Stage 18.
speaker_heading: D-23 THE ISOTTA
text: Gillis seated in the rear. Max is helping Norma
text: in and putting the robe over her.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (Apprehensively)
dialog: How did it go?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: It couldn't have gone better.
text: It's practically set. Of course,
dialog: he has to finish this picture
dialog: first, but mine will be his next.
text: There is an exchange of looks between Max and Gillis.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: He must be quite a guy.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: He'a a shrewd old fox. He can
dialog: smell box office. Only I'm going
dialog: to outfox him a litt1e. This isn't
text: going to be C. B. deMille's Salome.
dialog: It's going to be Norma Desmond's
dialog: Salome, a Norma Desmond Production,
dialog: starring Norma Desmond...Home, Max.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yes, Miss Desmond.
text: As he says the words, he and Gillis exchange a glance
text: in the rear view mirror.
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: END OF SEQUENCE "D"
speaker_heading: SEQUENCE "E"
scene_heading: DISSOLVE IN ON:
scene_heading: E-1 CLOSEUP OF NORMA'S FACE
speaker_heading: GILLIS' VOICE
text: Absolutely no makeup. A After that, an army of
text: hand with a strong small beauty experts invaded
text: flashlight comes into the her house on Sunset
text: picture. The beam of the Boulevard. She went
text: flashlight travels over the through a merciless
dialog: face, exploring it merci- series of treatments,
text: lessly. While the light is massages, sweat cabinets,
text: still on it, two pairs of mud baths, ice compres-
text: creamed hands come into the ses, electric devices.
text: shot and start to massage it. She lived on vegetable
dialog: juices and went to bed
text: DISSOLVE TO: at nine. She was deter-
dialog: mined to be ready --
dialog: ready for those cameras
text: E-2 A SHORT MONTAGE of various that would never turn.
dialog: beauty treatments applied
dialog: to Norma.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: E-3 NORMA BEFORE THE MIRROR
scene_heading: IN HER BEDROOM
text: It is nine o'clock in the evening. She is in night
text: gown and negligee and has put triangular patches on
text: the saddle of her nose and at the outer corner of
text: each eye. She is rubbing lotion on her hands.
text: She gets up and crosses to the door of Gillis' room
text: and opens it a crack.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Joe darling, are you there?
scene_heading: E-4 GILLIS' ROOM
text: It is dark except for a lamp over the chaise longue.
text: Gillis lies on it, fully clothed, reading a book.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Yes, Norma.
text: Through the slit in the door there is a suggestion
dialog: of Norma.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Don't turn around. Keep your
text: eyes on the book.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Yes, Norma.
text: Norma pushes the door open and comes in.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I just came to say good night.
dialog: I don't want you to see me --
dialog: I'm not very attractive.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Good night.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I've lost half a pound since
dialog: Tuesday.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I was a little worried about the
dialog: line of my throat. This woman
dialog: has done wonders with it.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You'd better get to bed yourself.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I think I'll read a little.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You went out last night, didn't
dialog: you, Joe?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Why do you say that?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I just happen to know it. I had
dialog: a nightmare and I screamed for
dialog: you. You weren't here. Where
dialog: were you?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I went for a walk.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: No you didn't. You took the
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: All right, I drove to the beach.
dialog: Norma, you don't want me to feel
dialog: I'm locked up in this house?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Of course not, Joe. It's just
dialog: that I don't want to be left alone.
dialog: Not now, while I'm under this
dialog: terrible strain. My nerves are
dialog: being torn apart. All I ask is
dialog: for you to be a little patient and a
dialog: little kind.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I haven't done anything, Norma.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Of course you haven't. I wouldn't
dialog: let you.
text: She bends and kisses the top of his head.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Good night, my darling.
text: She goes into her room, shutting the door behind her.
text: Gillis puts his book down and looks at her door.
scene_heading: E-5 THE DOOR TO NORMA'S ROOM
text: The light can be seen through the gouged-out
text: keyhole. It goes out.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: E-6 UPPER LANDING STAIRWAY
scene_heading: AND HALL BELOW (NIGHT) GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: Gillis, with his coat on by Yes, I was playing hooky
dialog: now, comes cautiously to
text: the upper railing and looks every evening along in
text: down into the lighted hall
dialog: below. there. It made me think I
dialog: Max is just extinguishing of when I was twelve and
text: the lights. Max exits in,
text: the direction of the liv- used to sneak out on the
dialog: ing room.
dialog: folks to see a gangster
text: After a moment Gillis starts
text: silently down the stairs. picture. This time it
dialog: wasn't to see a picture,
scene_heading: E-7 LIVING ROOM
dialog: it was to try and write
dialog: (Lighted only by the last
dialog: flicker of a fire on the one. That story of mine
text: hearth). Max is putting a
text: fire screen in front of Betty Schaerer had dug
text: the fire. He hears some
text: steps and the creak or the up kept going through
text: main door being opened.
text: He looks out and sees my head like a dozen
dialog: locomotives...
scene_heading: E-7a THE MAIN DOOR
text: Gillis, in the moonlit porch,
text: is closing the main door
text: behind him.
scene_heading: E-8 LIVING ROOM
text: Max looks after Gillis, his
text: face enigmatic as ever.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: E-9 GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY
speaker_heading: (MOONLIGHT)
text: Gillis comes into the shot,
text: gets into the Isotta, drives
dialog: it out or the garage and down
text: the driveway to Sunset, as
text: quietly as possible.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: E-10 READERS' OFFICE BUILDING
speaker_heading: PARAMOUNT (NIGHT)
scene_heading: Start on a LONG SHOT. THE GILLIS' VOICE
text: BOOM MOVES FORWARD to the only So we'd started
text: two lights. They are the door working on it, the
dialog: and window of Betty Schaefer's two of us. Nights,
text: cubicle. Betty sits at the when the studio was
text: desk, typing. Gillis, his deserted, up in her
text: coat off, his shirt-sleeves little cubby-hole
text: rolled up, j.s pacing the floor, of an office.
dialog: discussing the construction of
text: a sentence. The discussion at
text: a stalemate, Betty suggests
text: some coffee. Gillis agrees.
text: From the electric plate on the
text: shelf beside her, Betty takes
text: a glass coffee machine. Gillis
text: seats himself in her chair
text: and starts typing.
text: Betty opens the door and comes out on the balcony to
text: fill the coffee machine from the water cooler stand-
text: ing beside the door.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I got the funniest letter from
dialog: Artie. It's rained every day
dialog: since they got to Arizona. They
dialog: re-wrote the whole picture for
text: rain and shot half of it. Now
text: the sun is out. Nobody knows
dialog: when they'll get back.
text: She moves back into the room.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: What's good about it? I miss
text: him something fierce.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I mean this is good dialogue
dialog: along in here. It'll play.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: It will?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Sure. Especially with lots
dialog: of music underneath, drowning
dialog: it out.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Don't you sometimes hate yourself?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Constantly. No, in all serious-
dialog: ness, it's really good. It's
dialog: fun writing again. I'm happy
dialog: here, honest I am.
text: He resumes typing. Betty puts the water on. She
text: picks up a pack of cigarettes on the desk, finds it's
text: empty and throws it away, sees Gillis' open gold
text: cigarette case and lighter on the table by the couch.
text: Betty reaches for a cigarette. The inscription en-
text: graved inside the case catches her eye. It reads:
scene_heading: MAD ABOUT THE BOY --
dialog: Norma
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Who's Norma?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Who's who?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I'm sorry. I don't usually
dialog: read private cigarette cases.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Oh, that. It's from a friend
dialog: of mine. A middle-aged lady,
dialog: very foolish and very generous.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I'll say. This is solid gold.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I gave her some advice on an
text: idiotic script.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: It's that old familiar story,
dialog: you help a timid little soul
text: across a crowded street. She
text: turns out to be a multimillionaire
dialog: and leaves you all her money.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: That's the trouble with you
dialog: readers. You know all the plots.
dialog: Now suppose you proof-read page
text: ten while the water boils.
scene_heading: DISSILVE TO:
scene_heading: E-11 AN EMPTY STREET AT THE GILLIS' VOICE
scene_heading: PARAMOUNT STUDIO (NIGHT) Sometimes when we got
dialog: stuck we'd make a
text: Gillis and Betty are walking litte tour of the
text: down it. From a stage where drowsing lot, not talk-
text: they are erecting a new set ing much, just wandering
text: comes a great shaft of light. down alleys between the
text: They stop at an apple-vending sound stages, or through
dialog: machine in the foreground,buy the sets they were get-
text: themselves a couple of apples ting ready for the next
text: and walk on. day's shooting. As a
dialog: matter of fact, it was
dialog: DISSOLVE TO: on one of those walks
dialog: when she first told me
dialog: about her nose ...
scene_heading: E-12 PARAMOUNT'S NEW YORK STREET (NIGHT)
text: Betty and Gillis are walking down it, THE CAMERA
text: AHEAD OF THEM.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Look at this street. All card-
text: board, all hollow, all phoney.
dialog: All done with mirrors. I like
dialog: it better than any street in the
dialog: world. Maybe because I used to
dialog: play here when I was a kid.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What were you -- a child actress?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I was born just two blocks from
dialog: this studio. Right on Lemon Grove
dialog: Avenue. Father was head elec-
dialog: trician here till he died. Mother
text: still works in Wardrobe.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Second generation, huh?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Third. Grandma did stunt work
dialog: for Pearl White. I come from a
dialog: picture family. Naturally they
dialog: took it for granted I was to become
dialog: a great star. So I had ten years of
dialog: dramatic lessons, diction, dancing.
dialog: Then the studio made a test. Well,
dialog: they didn't like my nose -- it slanted
dialog: this way a little. I went to a doctor
dialog: and had it fixed. They made more
dialog: tests, and they were crazy about my
dialog: nose -- only they didn't like my acting.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (Examining her nose
dialog: by the flame of his
dialog: lighter)
dialog: Nice job.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Should be. It cost three hundred
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Saddest thing I ever heard.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Not at all. It taught me a little
dialog: sense. I got me a job in the mail
text: room, worked up to the Stenographic.
dialog: Now I'm a reader...
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Come clean, Betty. At night you
dialog: weep for those lost closeups, those
dialog: gala openings...
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Not once. What's wrong with being
text: on the other side of the cameras?
dialog: It's really more fun.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
text: Three cheers for Betty Schaefer!
dialog: I will now kiss that nose of yours.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: If you please.
text: Gillis kisses her nose. As he stands there, his
text: face close to hers -
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: May I say you smell real special.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: It must be my new shampoo.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: That's no shampoo. It'smore like
text: a pile of freehly laundred hand-
text: kerchiefs, like a brand new auto-
dialog: mobile. How old are you anyway?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Twenty-two.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: That's it -- there's nothing like
dialog: being twenty-two. Now may I suggest
dialog: that if we're ever to finish this
dialog: story you keep at least two feet
dialog: away from me ... Now back to the
text: typewriter.
text: They start walking in the direction of the office.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: E-13 THE GARAGE
text: Gillis gets out. From the seat next him he takes a
text: batch of script, folds it and puts it in his pocket.
text: He suddenly becomes aware that he is watched, turns.
text: Max stands in the moonlight, evidently waiting for
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What is it, Max? Want to wash
dialog: the car, or are you doing a little
dialog: spying in your off hours?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You must be very careful as you
dialog: cross the patio. Madame may be
dialog: watching.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: How about my going up the kitchen
text: stairs and undressing in the dark.
dialog: Will that do it?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm not inquiring where Mr.
dialog: Gillis goes every night...
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Why don't you? I'm writing a
dialog: script and I'm dying to finish
dialog: it, no matter what.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It's just that I'm very worried
dialog: about Madame.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Sure you are. And we're not help-
dialog: ing her any, feeding her lies and
text: more lies. Getting herself ready
dialog: for a pioture ... What happens when
dialog: she finds out?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: She never will. That is my job.
dialog: It has been for a long time. You
dialog: must understand I discovered her
dialog: when she was eighteen. I made her
dialog: a star. I cannot let her be destroyed.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: You made her a star?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I directed all her early pictures.
dialog: There were three young directors
dialog: who showed promise in those days:
text: D.W. Grirrith, C.B. deMille, and
dialog: Max von Mayerling.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: And she's turned you into a
dialog: servant.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It was I who asked to come back,
dialog: humiliating as it may seem. I
dialog: could have gone on witn my career,
dialog: only I found everything unendur-
dialog: able arter she divorced me. You
dialog: see, I was her rirst husband.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: E-14 NORMA DESMOND'S BEDROOM
text: One lamp lit. Norma, in a white negligee, with the
text: patches on her face, is pacing up and down -- a
text: small, tormented, pitiable woman. Finally she opens
dialog: the door to:
scene_heading: E-15 GILLIS' ROOM (MOONLIGHT)
text: Gillis lies in bed asleep, Norma in the doorway.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You're here, Joe ... When did
dialog: you come home? Where were you?
dialog: Is it a woman? I know it's a
dialog: woman ... Who is she? Oh Joe,
dialog: why can't I ask you? I must know,
dialog: I must!
text: Her eyes fall on Gillis' coat, which hangs over a
text: chair. In a pocket is part of the script. Norma
text: takes it out, looks at it. She can't see it in the
text: moonlight. She hurries with it into:
scene_heading: E-16 NORMA'S BEDROOM
text: Carrying the script Norma goes to the lamp and looks
text: at it. On the first page she sees something which
text: confirms all her suspicionso It reads:
scene_heading: UNTITLED LOVE STORY
dialog: by
dialog: Joseph C. Gilliss
dialog: and
dialog: Betty Schaefer
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: E-17 BETTY'S CUBICLE (NIGHT)
text: Betty is typing. Gillis sits on the couch, proof-
text: reading a scene. Betty stops typing and Gillis
text: becomes aware of her eyes fixed on him.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Hey, what's the matter...
dialog: Betty, wake up!
text: (He whistles and
text: catches her attention)
dialog: Why are you staring at me like that?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Was I? I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What's wrong with you tonight?
dialog: What is it, Betty?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Something came up. I don't want
dialog: to talk about it.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I just don't.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What is it you've heard. Come
dialog: on, let's have it.
text: Betty gets up.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Is it about me?
text: Betty doesn't answer, walks out on
scene_heading: E-18 THE BALCONY
text: She leans against a post, crying. Gillis comes out
dialog: after her.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Betty, there's no use running
dialog: out on it. Let's face it, what-
dialog: ever it is.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: It's nothing. I got a telegram
dialog: from Artie.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: From Artie. What's wrong?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: He wants me to come on to Arizona.
dialog: He says it only oosts two dollars
dialog: to get married there. It would
dialog: kind of save us a honeymoon.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Why don't you? We can finish the
dialog: script by Thursday.
text: Betty stands crying silently.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Stop crying. You're getting
dialog: married. That's what you've
dialog: always wanted.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I don't want it now.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Why not? Don't you love Artie?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Of course I love him. I always
dialog: will. I'm just not in love
dialog: with him any more.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: You did.
text: There is a moment's pause before he takes her in
text: his arms. THE CAMERA MOVES AWAY.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: E-19 HALL AND STAIRCASE GILLIS' VOICE
scene_heading: DESMOND HOME- (NIGHT) It wasn' t until I got
dialog: back to that peculiar
dialog: Gillis enters, closes prison of mine that I
text: the door as quietly as started facing the facts.
dialog: he can, and goes up There it was -- Betty
dialog: the stairs. Schaefer's future right
text: in the palm of my hand.
text: E-20 GILLIS' ROOM Betty Schaefer engaged
dialog: to Artie Green, as nice
text: He enters and turns on the a guy as ever lived.
text: light. He sinks down on And she was in love with
dialog: the chaise longue,thinking. me. Me ! She was a fool
text: His eyes wander to the not to sense that there
text: door of Norma's room. was something phony in
text: Through the gouged-out key- my set-up. And I was a
text: hole he sees the light. heel not to have told
dialog: her. But you just can't
dialog: say those things to
dialog: somebody you're crazy
dialog: about. Maybe I'd never
dialog: have to. Maybe I could
dialog: get away with it, get
dialog: away from Norma. Maybe
dialog: I could wipe the whole
dialog: nasty mess right out of
dialog: my life...
text: From Norma's room comes the sound of a telephone
text: being dialled. Gillis enters the shot and stands
dialog: listening.
speaker_heading: NORMA'S VOICE
dialog: Is this Gladstone 0858?
scene_heading: E-21 NORMA'S BEDROOM
text: Norma lies in bed, dialing a number. She has the
text: beauty patches at the corners of her eyes and over
text: her nose.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Can I speak to Miss Betty
dialog: Schaefer? She must be home by
dialog: now.
scene_heading: E-22 A BEDROOM IN BETTY'S FLAT
text: Connie, a girl of Betty's age with whom she shares
text: the flat, is on the phone. Betty, in a dressing-
text: gown, comes from the bathroom, toothbrush in hand.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (Hand over mouthpiece)
dialog: Betty, here's that weird-sounding
text: woman again.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: What is this anyway?
dialog: (Taking the phone)
dialog: This is Betty Schaefer.
scene_heading: E-23 NORMA AT IHE PHONE
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Miss Schaefer, you must forgive
dialog: me for calling you so late, but
dialog: I really feel it's my duty. It's
dialog: about Mr. Gillis. You do know Mr.
dialog: Gillis? ...Exactly how much do you
dialog: know about him? Do you know where
dialog: he lives? Do you know how he lives?
dialog: Do you know what he lives on?
scene_heading: E-24 BETTY AT THE PHONE
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Who are you? What do you want?
dialog: What business is it of yours
dialog: anyway?
scene_heading: E-25 NORMA ON THE PHONE
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Miss Schaefer, I'm trying to do
dialog: you a favor. I'm trying to spare
dialog: you a great deal of misery. Of
dialog: course you may be too young to even
dialog: suspect there are men of his sort...
speaker_heading: NORMA (Cont'd)
dialog: I don't know what he's told you, but
dialog: he does not live with relatives, nor
dialog: with friends, in the usual sense of
dialog: the word. Ask him ... Ask him again.
text: During the latter part of her call, the doors from
text: Gillis' room have been pushed open and Gillis has
text: walked towards her. Suddenly Norma senses his pre-
text: sence and turns around. The telephone freezes in her
text: hand. She tries to hang it up. Very calmly Gillis
text: takes the receiver from her hand.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (Into phone)
dialog: That's right, Betty, ask me again.
dialog: This is Joe.
scene_heading: E-26 BETTY ON THE PHONE
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Joe, where are you? What's this
dialog: all about?
scene_heading: E-27 GILLIS ON THE PHONE
text: Norma beside him.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Or maybe it would be a better
dialog: idea if you came over and saw it
dialog: for yourself. The address is 10086
dialog: .
text: He hangs up. Norma looks up at him as he crosses to
text: the other end of the room and stands staring at her.
text: The silence becomes unbearable.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Don't hate me, Joe. I did it because
dialog: I need you. I need you as I never
dialog: needed you. Look at me. Look at my
dialog: hands, look at my face, look under my
dialog: eyes. How can I go back to work if I'm
dialog: wasting away under this torment? You
dialog: don't know what I've been through these
dialog: last weeks. I got myself a revolver.
dialog: You don't believe me, but I did, I did!
text: I stood in front of that mirror, only
dialog: I couldn't make myself. It wouldn't be
speaker_heading: NORMA (Cont'd)
dialog: fair to all those people who are
dialog: waiting to see me back on the
dialog: screen. I can't disappoint them.
dialog: Only, if I'm to work, I need
dialog: sleep, I need quiet, I need you!
dialog: Don't just stand there hating
dialog: me! Shout at me, strike me!
dialog: But don't hate me, Joe. Don't
dialog: you hear me, Joe?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Yes, I hear you. And I wish you'd
dialog: keep still so I can hear the doorbell
text: when she rings it.
text: E-28 BETTY AND CONNIE, DRIVING IN A SMALL COUPE DOWN
speaker_heading: (NIGHT)
scene_heading: E-29 INT. COUPE
text: Connie is looking at the house numbers.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Here's ten thousand seventy-nine,
dialog: Betty. It must be over there.
text: Betty turns the car into the driveway of Norma's
text: place, stops at the entrance steps. Betty gets out.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Betty, let me come along with
dialog: you. Please.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: No, I'll be all right.
text: She shuts the door of the car and goes up the steps.
scene_heading: E-30 NORMA'S BEDROOM
text: Norma lies on the bed. Gillis sits in a far corner
text: of the room, motionless.
speaker_heading: NORMA
text: (In a whimpering monotone)
dialog: I love you, Joe. I love you, Joe.
dialog: I love you, Joe. I love you, Joe.
text: There is the sound of footsteps below and the ringing
text: of a doorbell. Gillis rises.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: What are you going to do, Joe?
text: Without a word, he leaves the room. Norma raises
text: herself on the bed, reaching for a black negligee
text: lying at the foot of it. As she does so, she dis-
text: lodges her pillow a little, revealing a revolver
text: hidden beneath it.
scene_heading: E-31 DOWNSTAIRS HALL, THE DESMOND HOUSE (DARK)
text: Max crosses the hall, putting on his alpaca jacket.
text: He turns on the lights. Outside stands Betty.
text: From the staircase comes -
speaker_heading: GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: It's all right, Max. I'll take it.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: He stands back as Gillis opens the door.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Hello, Betty.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: (On the threshold)
dialog: I don't know why I'm so scared,
dialog: Joe. Is it something awful?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Come on in, Betty,
text: Betty enters. As he leads her into the living room,
text: Gillis puts his arm around her shoulders.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Ever been in one of these old
dialog: Hollywood palazzos? That's from
dialog: when they were making eighteen thou-
dialog: sand a week, and no taxes. Careful
dialog: of these tiles, they're slippery.
dialog: Valentino used to dance here.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: This is where you live?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: You bet.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Whose house is it?
dialog: They have reached
scene_heading: E-32 THE LIVING ROOM
text: Gillis leads Betty in.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Hers.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Whose?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Just look around. There's a lot
dialog: of her spread about. If you don't
dialog: remember the face, you must have
dialog: heard the name of Norma Desmond.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: That was Norma Desmond on the phone?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Want something to drink? There's
dialog: always champagne on ice, and plenty
dialog: of caviar.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Why did she call me?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Jealous. Ever see so much junk?
dialog: She had the ceiling brought from
dialog: Portugal. Look at this.
text: He pulls the rope, showing the projection screen
text: under the picture.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Her own movie theatre.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I didn't come here to see a house.
dialog: What about Norma Desmond?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: I'm trying to tell you. This is
text: an enormous place. Eight master
text: bedrooms. A sunken tub in every
text: bathroom. There's a bowling alley
dialog: in the cellar. It's lonely here,
dialog: so she got herself a companion.
text: A very simple set-up: An older
text: woman who is well-to-do. A younger
dialog: man who is not doing too well ...
dialog: Can you figure it out yourself?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: All right. I'll give you a few
dialog: more clues.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: No, no! I haven't heard any of
dialog: this. I never got those telephone
dialog: calls. I've never been in this
dialog: house ... Get your things together.
dialog: Let's get out of here.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: All my things? All the eighteen
text: suits, all the custom-made shoes and
dialog: the eighteen dozen shirts, and the
dialog: cuff-links and the platinum key-
dialog: chains, and the cigarette cases?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Come on, Joe.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Come on where? Back to a one-room
dialog: apartment that I can't pay for?
dialog: Back to a story that may sell and
dialog: very possibly will not?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: If you love me, Joe.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Look, sweetie -- be practical.
dialog: l've got a good thing here.
dialog: A long-term contract with no options.
dialog: I like it that way. Maybe it's not
dialog: very admirable. Well, you and Artie
dialog: can be admirable.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Joe, I can't look at you any more.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Nobody asked you to.
text: Betty turns from him, to hide the fact that she is
text: crying.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: All right, baby. This way out.
text: He leads her in the direction of the door.
scene_heading: E-33 UPPER LANDING, DESMOND HOUSE
text: Sitting crouched behind the balustrade is Norma,
dialog: peering down into
scene_heading: E-34 THE LOWER HALL
text: Betty and Gillis have reached the entrance door.
text: Gillis opens it.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Good luck to you, Betty. You can
dialog: finish that story on the way to
dialog: Arizona. When you and Artie get
dialog: back, if the two of you ever feel
dialog: like a swim, here's the pool ...
text: He switches on the light.
speaker_heading: E-35 THE PATIO
text: The lights go on in the pool, which shines brilliant-
text: ly in the dark garden.
speaker_heading: E-36 BETTY
text: She doesn't even look. Her eyes filled with tears,
text: she runs down the entrance porch toward her car.
scene_heading: E-37 THE ENTRANCE HALL
text: Gillis looks after her, closes the door. From the
text: upper landing comes the sound of soft sobbing. He
text: looks up.
scene_heading: E-38 NORMA, ON THE UPPER LANDING
text: Gillis ascends the stairs.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Thank you, Joe -- thank you, Joe.
text: She tries to take his hand to kiss it as he passes.
text: He doesn't stop. Norma catches his coat. Gillis
text: moves right on into his room. Norma lies on the
text: floor looking after him. She crawls toward a con-
text: sole, pulls herself up by it, starts towards Gillis'
text: door, passes a mirror, realizes how she looks, moves
text: back to the mirror and takes the patches off her
text: face and does a hasty job of removing the cream with
text: her handkerchief, readjusts her expression to a poor
text: travesty of a smile and goes to the door of Gillis'
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: May I come in? I've stopped cry-
dialog: ing. I'm all right again. Joe,
dialog: tell me you're not cross -- tell
dialog: me everything is just as it was,
dialog: Joe.
text: She opens the door.
scene_heading: E-39 GILLIS' ROOM
text: In the foreground, open on the bed, is a half-packed
text: suitcase, Gillis just putting some of his old shirts
text: in. Norma stands staring, speechless, for a second.
text: Gillis moves out of the shot towards the closets.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: What are you doing, Joe? What
dialog: are you doing? You're not leaving
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Yes, I am, Norma.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: No, you're not.
dialog: (Calling)
dialog: Max! Max!
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Max is a good idea. He can help
dialog: with my luggage.
dialog: (He gestures in the
dialog: direction of the closet)
dialog: Thanks for letting me wear the
dialog: handsome wardrobe. And thanks
dialog: for the use of all the trinkets.
text: He takes the cigarette case and throws it on the
text: chaise longue. Then he throws the lighter, the
text: wrist watch, the platinum key-chain and the tie clip.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (Indicating the bureau)
dialog: The rest of the jewelry is in the
text: top drawer.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: It's yours, Joe. I gave it to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: And I'd take it in a second, Norma --
dialog: only it's a little too dressy for
text: sitting behind the copy desk in
dialog: Dayton, Ohio.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: These are nothing. You can have
dialog: anything you want if you'll only
dialog: stay. What is it you want --
dialog: money?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Norma, you'd be throwing it away.
dialog: I don't qualify for the job, not any
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You can't do this! Max! Max!
dialog: ... I can't face life without you,
dialog: and I'm not afraid to die, you
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: That's between you and yourself,
dialog: Norma.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You think I made that up about
dialog: the gun...
text: She rushes into her room. Gillis closes the suitcase
text: calmly, notices that he is still wearing some cuff-
text: links Norma gave him, takes them off.
text: Norma reappears in the door, carrying the revolver.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: See, you didn't believe me!..
dialog: Now I suppose you don't think I
dialog: have the courage!
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Oh. sure -- if it would make a
dialog: good scene.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You don't care. do you? But
dialog: hundreds of thousands of people
dialog: will carel
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Wake up, Norma. You'd be killing
dialog: yourself to an empty house. The
dialog: audience left twenty years ago.
dialog: Now face it.
text: During the preceding. Max has entered. He stands
text: listening, paralyzed.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: That's a lie! They still want me!
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: No, they don't.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: What about the studio?
dialog: What about De Mille?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: He was trying to spare your feelings.
dialog: The studio wanted to rent your car.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Wanted what?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: De Mille didn't have the heart
dialog: to tell you. None of us has had
dialog: the heart.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: That's a lie! They want me, they
dialog: want me! I get letters every day!
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: You tell her, Max. Come on, do
dialog: her that favor. Tell her there
dialog: isn't going to be any picture --
dialog: there aren't any fan letters,
dialog: except the ones you write yourself.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: That isn't true! Max?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Madame is the greatest star of
dialog: them all... I will take Mr.
text: Gillis' bags.
text: He leaves.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You heard him. I'm a star!
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Norma, grow up. You're a woman
dialog: of fifty. There's nothing tragic
dialog: about being fifty - not unless
dialog: you try to be twenty-five.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I'm the greatest star of them
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Goodbye. Norma.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: No one leaves a star. That
dialog: makes one a star.
text: Gillis picks up the typewriter and leaves.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You're not leaving me!
speaker_heading: E-40 STAIRCASE
text: Gillis descending with the typewriter.
speaker_heading: NORMA'S VOICE
dialog: Joe! ...Joe!
text: There is the SOUND OF A SHOT. The glass of the front
text: door is shattered. Gillis at the door opens it and
text: walks out, without looking back.
text: Down the staircase rushes Norma. a disordered wild-
text: ness in the way she moves.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You're not leaving me!
text: She hurries after Gillis.
speaker_heading: E-41 PATIO (NIGHT)
text: Dark except for lights from the house and the
text: luminousness of the lit pool.
text: Gillis is crossing the patio towards the garage. He
text: is carrying the typewriter. He doesn't accelerate
text: his step, although he has heard the shot. Behind
text: him Norma comes from the lighted house.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: You're not leaving me!
text: She shoots twice in rapid succession. Gillis drops
text: the typewriter. The shots have swung him around. He
text: is now facing Norma. She shoots him. This shot
text: hits him in the belly. He doubles up, instinctively
text: backs away from her, plummets into the lit pool.
text: Up the stone steps from the garage rushes Max.
text: He sees the situation, hurries towards Norma, who
text: stands exultant in the strange light from the pool.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Stars are ageless, aren't they?
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: E-42 THE PATIO
text: Dawn is breaking. At the edge of the pool
text: stand policemen, detectives and police photographers.
text: Motorcycle policemen are holding off the mob which
text: is trying to storm the house.
text: A lietuenant from the Homicide Bureau leaves the
text: crowd around the pool and goes into
scene_heading: E-43 THE LOWER HALL, DESMOND HOUSE
text: It is filled with a pandemonium of police officers,
dialog: newspaper people, etc. who are kept from the upper
text: floor by two policemen at the head of the stairs.
text: The lieutenant from the Homicide Bureau goes
text: through the crowd to the telephone at the foot of
text: the stairs, picks up the phone and dials.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Coroner's office? ... I want to
dialog: speak to the Coroner ... Who's
dialog: on this phone?
scene_heading: E-44 THE WHITE TELEPHONE IN NORMA'S BEDROOM
text: Standing talking into it is Hedda Hopper.
speaker_heading: MISS HOPPER
dialog: I am! Now get off, this is more
dialog: important ... Times City Desk?
dialog: Hedda Hopper speaking. I'm talking
text: from the bedroom of Norma Desmond.
dialog: Don't bother with a rewrite man, take
dialog: this direct. Ready? -- As day breaks
text: over the murder house, Norma Desmond,
dialog: famed star of yesteryear, is in
dialog: a state of complete mental shock ...
text: THE CAMERA PANS TO ANOTHER PART OF THE BEDROOM, where
text: Norma sits at a mirror, staring at herself blankly.
text: Firing questions at her are the Captain of the Holmby
text: Hills Division and the L.A. Homicide Squad. Max
text: stands by faithfully.
scene_heading: HOLMBY HILLS CAPTAIN
dialog: You do not deny having killed
dialog: this man, Miss Desmond?
speaker_heading: HEAD OF HOMICIDE
dialog: Did you intend to kill him?
dialog: Just answer me that.
scene_heading: HOLMBY HILLS CAPTAIN
dialog: Was it a sudden quarrel? Had there
dialog: been any trouble between you before?
speaker_heading: HEAD OF HOMICIDE
dialog: If it was a quarrel, how come you
dialog: had the gun right there?
scene_heading: HOLMBY HILLS CAPTAIN
dialog: This guy -- where did you meet him
dialog: for the first time? Where did he
dialog: come from? Who is he?
speaker_heading: HEAD OF HOMICIDE
dialog: Did he have a wife? Did he had a
dialog: girl friend? Did you know them?
scene_heading: HOLMBY HILLS CAPTAIN
dialog: Had he been trying to blackmail you?
scene_heading: E-45 PATIO - (DAWN) GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: The body of Gillis Well, this is where you came.
dialog: being fished from Here's that pool again,the one
dialog: the pool, put on a I always wanted. They must have
dialog: stretcher, covered photographed me a hundred times.
text: with an army blanket.Then they got a couple of prun-
text: Two men from the ing hooks from the garden and
text: Coroner's office fished me out ever so gently.
dialog: carry it towards Funny how gentle people get with
dialog: the Coroner's you once you're dead. They
text: hearse, CAMERA beached me, like a harpooned
text: PANNING with them. baby whale, and started to check
dialog: the damage, just for the record
dialog: ... By this time the whole joint
dialog: was jumping -- cops,reporters,
text: neighbors, passersby -- as much
dialog: hoopdedoo as we get in Los
dialog: Angeles when they open a Super
dialog: Market. Even the newsreel guys
text: came roaring in. Here was an
dialog: item everybody could have some
dialog: fun with, the heartless so-and-
dialog: so's. What would they do to her?
dialog: Even if she got away with it in
dialog: court- crime of passion - tempo-
dialog: rary insanity - those headlines
dialog: would kill her: Forgotten Star
dialog: a Slayer--Aging Actress--
dialog: Yesterday's Glamour Queen...
scene_heading: E-46 NORMA'S BEDROOM
text: The interrogators are still firing questions at Norma
text: who sits lifeless, staring at herself. Max watches.
speaker_heading: HEAD OF HOMICIDE
dialog: Did the deceased ever threaten you?
dialog: Were you in fear of bodily injury?
scene_heading: HOLMBY HILLS CAPTAIN
dialog: Did you hate him? Had you ever thought
dialog: of doing something like this before?
speaker_heading: HEAD OF HOMICIDE
dialog: Was theft involved? Did you catch
dialog: him trying to steal something, or
dialog: find he had stolen something?
text: A police lieutenant has entered, goes to the Head of
dialog: Homicide.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
text: The newsreel guys have arrived with
dialog: the cameras.
speaker_heading: HEAD OF HOMICIDE
dialog: Tell them to go fly a kite. This
dialog: is no time for cameras.
text: A word has pierced the mists that surround Norma.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Cameras? ...What is it, Max?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: The cameras have arrived, Madame.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: They have? Thank you, Max. Tell
dialog: Mr. DeMille I will be on the set
dialog: at once.
text: Max flashes a look at the Head of Homicide.
speaker_heading: HEAD OF HOMICIDE
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Please ...
scene_heading: HOLMBY HILLS CAPTAIN
dialog: (sotto voce, to Head of Homicide)
dialog: Well, it's one way to get her down stairs.
speaker_heading: HEAD OF HOMICIDE
dialog: Okay. And let's have the car right
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: 7-1 NORMA
dialog: You will pardon me, gentlemen.
dialog: I have to get ready for my scene.
text: She takes a comb and runs it through her hair, then
text: starts applying some wild makeup.
scene_heading: E-47 STAIRCASE AND LOWER HALL
text: Max makes his way down the stairs through the crowd
text: of newsmen to the newsreel cameras, which are being
text: set up in the hall below.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Is everything set up, gentlemen?
dialog: Are the lights ready?
text: From the stairway comes a murnur. They look up.
text: Norma has emerged from the bedroom and comes to the
text: head of the stairs. There are golden spangles in
text: her hair and in her hand she carries a golden scarf.
text: The police clear a path for her to descend. Press
text: cameras flash at her every step.
text: Max stands at the cameras.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Is everything set up, gentlemen?
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN
dialog: Just about.
text: The portable lights flare up and illuminate the
dialog: staircase.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Are the lights ready?
speaker_heading: 2ND CAMERA MAN
dialog: All set.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Quiet, everybody! Lights!
dialog: Are you ready, Norma?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: (From the top of the
dialog: stairs)
dialog: What is the scene? Where am I?
speaker_heading: MAX
text: This is the staircase of the palace.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Oh, yes, yes. They're below,
dialog: waiting for the Princess ...
dialog: I'm ready.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: All right.
dialog: (To cameramen)
dialog: Camera!
dialog: (To Norma)
dialog: Action!
text: Norma arranges the golden GILLIS' VOICE
dialog: scarf ebout her and proudy So they were grinding
text: starts to descend the stair- after all, those cam-
text: case. The cameras grind. eras. Life, which can
text: Everyone watches in awe. be strangely merciful,
dialog: had taken pity on Norma
dialog: Desmond. The dream she
dialog: had clung to so des-
text: perately had enfolded
dialog: her...
text: At the foot of the stairs Norma stops, moved.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I can't go on with the scene.
dialog: I'm too happy. Do you mind,
dialog: Mr. DeMille, if I say a few words?
dialog: Thank you. I just want to tell
dialog: you how happy I am to be back in
text: the studio making a picture again.
dialog: You don't know how much I've missed
dialog: all of you. And I promise you
dialog: I'll never desert you again, because
dialog: after "Salome" we'll make another
text: picture, and another and another.
dialog: You see, this is my life. It always
dialog: will be. There's nothing else -
dialog: just us and the cameras and those
dialog: wonderful people out there in the
dialog: dark... All right, Mr. DeMille,
dialog: I'm ready for my closeup.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
