scene_heading: SUPERMAN: THE MAN OF STEEL
dialog: Story by Alex Ford & J Ellison
dialog: Screenplay by Alex Ford
dialog: Based on Superman created by Jerry Seigel &
dialog: Joe Shuster
dialog: Appearing in DC Comics
dialog: Blue (09/04/98)
text: ___________________________________________________________
scene_heading: SUPERMAN: THE MAN OF STEEL
speaker_heading: OPENING SEQUENCE
dialog: This is a pre-credit sequence and not meant to take place within
text: the structure of the actual narrative.
scene_heading: EXT. GENERAL STORE
text: This opening sequence is shot in glorious black and white.
text: A BOY wearing depression era clothes enters the general store.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL STORE
text: The store is empty except for an older CLERK putting out the
text: week's periodicals in front of the register. The BOY passes as
text: the CLERK finishes and moves behind the counter.
text: The BOY goes directly to a candy shelf and opens a jar, takes a
text: handful of gum balls and heads for the counter.
text: He passes the periodicals and on the rack among the newspapers
text: and magazines is a color comic book alone amongst the colorless
text: rack. The title reads ACTION COMICS with a 1930s era SUPERMAN
text: lifting a car above his head and smashing the front end into the
dialog: ground.
text: Enamored by it, the BOY stares and in a DREAMLIKE STATE the
text: CAMERA cuts between BOY, COMIC, and slowly panning in on each of
text: them. Finally, the BOY looks up at the CLERK who's been patiently
dialog: waiting for him.
text: The BOY looks a last time at the book on the shelf, then at one
text: handful of gum and the other with a single dime. He looks up at
text: the CLERK who looks like he knows something the boy doesn't.
scene_heading: EXT. GENERAL STORE
text: BOY exits with comic book in hand. He takes a seat on the
text: sidewalk outside the store and...
text: CAMERA OVER SHOULDER shows the BOY slowly opening the front cover
text: with much delicacy revealing the interior to be a VIBRANT COLOR
speaker_heading: WARNER BROS LOGO (WB Shield on blue clouded sky).
text: CAMERA PANS IN OVER THE SHOULDER and the LOGO fills the screen.
text: Black and white sequence finished. WE ARE IN THE MOVIE.
text: CAMERA pans upward slowly and the logo slides off the bottom of
text: the screen, the blue clouded sky merges with the infinite reaches
text: of space. Almost unnoticeable in the far off distance is a
text: minuscule green dot.
text: Without warning, the green dot EXPLODES IN A BURST OF SILENT
text: LIGHT. Several seconds pass as the shockwave from the explosion
text: travels towards us and like a rumble in the distance, bringing a
text: tidal wave of sound with it.
text: Debris hurls itself in all directions. With it A SMALL SPACECRAFT
text: ZIP towards us, past the explosion and whips overhead. The CAMERA
text: tilts and follows the orange and green craft. The planet's
text: fragments follow the craft.
text: The debris loses speed and begins to fall behind the ship. Soon,
text: the only thing left in frame from the dead planet is the lone
text: ship hurling through space.
scene_heading: BEGIN OPENING CREDIT SEQUENCE.
text: Opening credit sequence is displayed while we follow the ship
text: through infinite space. On occasion, the ship radically changes
dialog: direction like it knows where it's going. Its destination is no
dialog: accident.
text: The ship enters our solar system and barrels past familiar
text: planets. In the distance is Earth.
text: The ship cracks through Earth's atmosphere and its hull ignites
text: in a bright red flame.
speaker_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SMALLVILLE, KANSAS - DESOLATE SNOWCOVERED ROAD - NIGHT
text: EXTREME CLOSE-UP of a mittened hand holding a misshapen rusty nail.
text: JONATHAN KENT, a Kansas farmer in his thirties, is holding the
text: nail. Standing in from of him is his wife MARTHA (also in her
text: thirties) with a look is irritation. In the background is their
text: weathered 1954 pickup truck with a flat tire. There is virtually
dialog: no light on this country road.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: What now, Jonathan?
text: JONATHAN's face bends with an "I don't need this" smirk. The
text: night lights almost like day and there is a tremendous crack as
text: the ship breaks the sound barrier.
text: In the background, the flaming craft crashes into a field digging
text: a charred crevice several hundred feet long and a trail of
dialog: steaming melted snow.
text: JONATHAN and MARTHA, in total disbelief, slowly move towards the
text: wreckage as if they are unconsciously drawn to it.
text: In the background is the distant cry of a baby.
text: ROCKET POV, JONATHAN and MARTHA peer into the crater with
text: confusion and then turn to each other for an explanation neither
text: of them has. They simultaneously look at the rocket then to the
text: sky. The CAMERA looks upward with them and keeps going until
text: there is nothing but space.
text: END OPENING CREDIT SEQUENCE ON NIGHT SKY.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. METROPOLIS SKY - DAY
text: The CAMERA pans down from space through the clouds and merges
text: with a beautiful blue sky, which is disrupted by a massive "L"
text: shaped state-of-the-art skyscraper made of steel and glass. The
text: roof is slanted to make the "L" visible in the distance.
text: CAMERA keeps moving down the building for what seems like forever
text: and finally other buildings appear along the skyline, but it's
dialog: obvious this is "the" building in the city. A landmark like no
text: other and everything else pales on comparison.
text: The city in the background bustles with life. She is like no
text: other on Earth. She is immaculately clean and meticulously
text: engineered. Skyscrapers are everywhere but the city doesn't seem
text: cluttered. Ten million people call her home and with the
dialog: multilayered highways, subways and elevated trains it never looks
dialog: congested. She is the most advanced city in the world, the
dialog: template for all others. Her name is appropriate; this is...
dialog: Metropolis.
dialog: Still moving down building...
scene_heading: FADE IN, TITLE ON MOVING IMAGE: METROPOLIS
dialog: Still moving down building...
scene_heading: FADE IN, TITLE ON MOVING IMAGE: TOMORROW, SATURDAY, 2:43PM
dialog: Still moving...
text: The CAMERA nears the bottom panning down huge letters etched in
text: stone on the building side boldly announcing LEXCORP (and beneath
dialog: it corporation's slogan "Bringing The Future To You Today").
text: Finally we reach the bottom of the building and pedestrians come
text: into view and the pan ends on the back of a young,
text: business-suited woman staring up at the menacing tower. She
text: nervously gathers herself, builds her confidence and enters.
scene_heading: INT. METROPOLIS, LEXCORP HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: WOMAN enters the lobby. There are dozens of people bustling
text: about. She approaches one of a two dozen receptionists behind a
text: massive marble counter all of whom are all assisting others. The
text: RECEPTIONIST she has chosen is finishing up a telephone call on
text: her headset/telephone. Several receptionists down is another
text: woman who appears to be arguing with a receptionist and with
text: someone on her cell phone at the same time, although the details
text: can't be heard. The woman is dressed in a suit carrying a
text: briefcase. She looks like she is about to explode.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST #1
dialog: (Finishing her call)
dialog: Hello. Welcome to LexCorp. May I help you?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (Startled)
dialog: I'm here to see Mister Luthor.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST #1
dialog: And what time is your appointment?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I don't have an appointment.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST #1
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Oh. I'm sorry. Mister Luthor only sees guests
dialog: by appointment.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: It's very urgent. A matter of life and death.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST #1
dialog: (sympathetic)
dialog: Let me see if I can fit you in.
text: RECEPTIONIST #1 begins checking appointments in the computer when
text: the arguing woman hears this and flips out. She barges past
text: several people between them, pushing them out of the way to get
text: to the sympathetic RECEPTIONIST.
dialog: The woman is LOIS LANE.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: (furious)
dialog: What?! I have been waiting here for three
dialog: hours and I have an appointment!
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Does he know Lois Lane from the Daily Planet
dialog: is here?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST #2
dialog: (Under her breath)
dialog: That's probably why he's not coming down.
text: LOIS shoots her a nasty look.
speaker_heading: LOIS
speaker_heading: (To RECEPTIONIST #2)
dialog: The parking garage. You and me, sister. I
dialog: hope your medical is all paid up.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST #1
speaker_heading: (to WOMAN and ignoring LOIS)
dialog: I can fit you in Tuesday.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I'd have to wait until next Tuesday?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST #1
dialog: (apologetic)
dialog: Tuesday the twenty-third...
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: That's three weeks from now.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST #1
dialog: (Slightly embarrassed)
dialog: ...in September.
text: The woman looks blankly at her examining her options.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST #2
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Miss Lane?
text: LOIS returns to RECEPTIONIST #2.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST #1
dialog: If you have a business card or something, I'd
dialog: be happy to leave it for him.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (Shakes off her daze)
dialog: No. I don't have anything.
dialog: (long beat, building nerve)
dialog: Oh wait, I do have this.
text: RECEPTIONIST #1 stands to retrieve her card and WOMAN opens her
text: jacket revealing a bomb strapped around her mid-section.
text: RECEPTIONIST #1 swoons and faints. LOIS, on her cell phone in the
dialog: background...
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: (into cell phone)
dialog: Gotta go!
text: She turns her back to the woman and starts punching buttons
dialog: frantically.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE DAILY PLANET BUILDING - DAY
text: The building is one of the oldest structures in the city with its
text: brick walls and the newspaper's logo, the Earth with a rotating
text: ring that reads DAILY PLANET, on it's roof. The structure is a
text: testament to the days of journalism before faxes and Internet.
scene_heading: INT. DAILY PLANET - CITY ROOM
text: Through a large window, a staff meeting can be seen.
text: Standing at the front of a large table is Daily Planet Editor
text: PERRY WHITE. A large and foreboding pitbull of a man. His
text: trademark unbuttoned collar and open vest give the appearance
dialog: this has been very hard day when in fact, this is every day. In
text: his fist is an unlit cigar he points at people accenting his
text: sentences. He paces when he walks and doesn't speak words as much
text: as he barks them. Through the glass, his booming voice is
text: muffled. PERRY has two tones: LOUD and LOUDER.
dialog: Among the staff are CAT GRANT (Society columnist, early 30s and
dialog: very beautiful), RON TROUPE (Sports, an African American in his
text: 40s) and mild-mannered CLARK KENT (City Columnist). KENT is in
text: his early 30s and very handsome, although he doesn't know it. He
dialog: is someone that's above that.
text: Seated at KENT's desk is and watching them through the glass is
text: JIMMY OLSEN, photographer. He is sixteen years old and very
text: bored. With him is ALI, who is flipping through some of his
dialog: photos with awe.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (Amazed)
dialog: Look at these Jimmy.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I know. I took them.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I know guys who've been taking pictures for
dialog: fifteen years and aren't this good.
dialog: jimmy
dialog: Yeah. The Chief says it's a gift.
text: A telephone rings and OLSEN looks around to make sure there are
text: no other witnesses and answers it.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Daily Planet, Kent speaking.
text: Incoherent yelling can be heard from the other end and OLSEN
dialog: bullets to attention.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: No, Miss Lane. They're in a meeting. Sure
dialog: thing, Miss Lane.
text: OLSEN scrambles to find a pen, jots down instructions on his palm
text: and hangs up. He fumbles out of his chair and races for the
text: Conference Room throwing the door open...
speaker_heading: PERRY
dialog: ...Has lost contact with the Constitution--
speaker_heading: JIMMY
speaker_heading: CHIEF! -
speaker_heading: PERRY
dialog: OLSEN! What they hell are you doing in my
dialog: staff meeting?! You're not a writer, you're a
dialog: photographer and you're barely that! Get out
dialog: of here before I have you selling papers on
dialog: the corner!
text: Instinctively, JIMMY folds and turns to quickly exit, then
dialog: remembering why he came in the first place...
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Oh yeah. Miss Lane called. Somebody has a
text: bomb in the LexCorp building.
dialog: Everything stops.
speaker_heading: PERRY
dialog: Isn't Lois interviewing Luthor today?
dialog: No one has an answer.
speaker_heading: PERRY
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: Well what are you waiting for?!
text: Everyone hustles out of the room. As they are leaving, no one
text: notices a glass of water and an empty chair where CLARK was
dialog: sitting.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DAILY PLANET - HALLS
text: People are walking the halls performing their duties when a gust
text: of wind and a blur streaks past causing some to look twice and
dialog: finding nothing.
scene_heading: INT. JANITOR'S CLOSET
text: In a supply closet, a JANITOR ducks around a corner to sneak a
text: cigarette. He takes a drag and opens a window to exhale when the
text: blur of wind blows past him and out the window knocking some
text: cleaning supplies off the shelves. The JANITOR looks.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Windy.
text: He takes another drag on his cigarette.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. METROPOLIS SKYLINE - DAY
text: People are in their apartments as the red and blue blur streaks
text: by the windows. It moves so quickly that some don't notice it.
text: Others run to the windows and fire escapes calling their families
text: to catch a glimpse of it.
scene_heading: EXT. METROPOLIS STREET - DAY
text: The streets bustle with mid-day activity. A GIRL moving with a
text: crowd across an intersection stops in the middle of the street.
text: An oncoming taxi screeches to a halt to avoid killing her. The
text: GIRL is staring skyward down the street.
text: Cars horns blare and the TAXI DRIVER leans out and screams:
speaker_heading: TAXI DRIVER
dialog: Hey stupid! What the-
text: The TAXI DRIVER sees what she is focusing on and forgets what he
text: was yelling for. Everyone in the street stops and stares. The
text: noise of a city in mid-afternoon comes to a silence. In the
text: distance the blue and red streak flies off and makes an almost
text: perfect ninety degree turn around a building. People can been
text: seen in awe for blocks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LEXCORP HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: The serenity of the previous scene is interrupted by panic.
text: People are fleeing the building being ushered to safety by the
text: Metropolis Bomb Squad. The media has arrived, trying to force
text: their way past the POLICE barricades with no luck.
text: There is chatter among the crowd until they realize LUTHOR is
text: among them and all their frustrations and fears change to a
text: silent hush.
text: Surrounded by bodyguards, is LEX LUTHOR. LUTHOR is a middle-aged
text: imposing figure. An angel to some, devil to others. An
dialog: egomaniacal recluse. A genius. An idiot. A humanitarian and
text: exploiter. He is dressed in a dark business suit that costs more
text: to clean than most people make in a month. The look on his face
dialog: isn't one of fear that would be associated with an assassination
dialog: attempt.
text: To him, this is an annoyance.
text: Leading the team of bodyguards with the LUTHOR center is MERCY
text: GRAVES, Luthor's Minister of Security. She is young, petite with
text: a short brown male haircut and dressed in a modified version of a
text: traditional chauffeur's uniform with a more militaristic feel.
dialog: She is LUTHOR's personal bodyguard and right hand woman. She
dialog: looks harmless... she isn't.
text: An EMPLOYEE is arguing with a COP when LUTHOR is ushered past.
text: Their conversation stops and they gawk.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Is that him?
speaker_heading: EMPLOYEE
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: You think so?
speaker_heading: EMPLOYEE
dialog: I've worked here for six years and I've never
dialog: actually seen the guy before.
text: LUTHOR is brought directly to the BOMB SQUAD SERGEANT
speaker_heading: (PENNINGTON).
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: SERGEANT, I trust this won't take long. I am
dialog: trying to run a company.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Well, there is a bomb in your building,
dialog: Mister Luthor.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: If they really wanted to kill me and were
dialog: remotely competent, I'd be dead by now. I
dialog: can't stand incompetence. I'd like this
dialog: matter finished as soon as possible.
speaker_heading: BOMB SQUAD COP approaches.
speaker_heading: BOMB SQUAD COP
dialog: Security gives us the go-ahead. The building
dialog: is clear, sir.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Good. We conduct a floor-by-floor building
dialog: search in two-man parties for the bomber and-
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: (adamantly)
dialog: No! LexCorp is a secured facility. I can't
dialog: have you traipsing through-
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: How are my men supposed to find the-
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: There are sensitive materials and projects-
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
text: With all due respect, there is a bomb in
dialog: there that could level this building-
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Then I'll build a new one.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: And what about your EMPLOYEEs?
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: (leaning into SERGEANT)
dialog: Then I'll hire new ones.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Regardless, your men will not be entering
dialog: this facility.
speaker_heading: (to MERCY)
dialog: Mercy.
speaker_heading: MERCY
dialog: Yes, Mister Luthor?
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Are your men capable of finding a bomb?
speaker_heading: MERCY
dialog: Yes, Mister Luthor.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Then get it done.
speaker_heading: MERCY
dialog: Yes, Mister Luthor.
text: MERCY turns and whispers Secret Service-style microphone in her
dialog: cuff.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: This is not standard procedure, Luthor.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: As far as I know you're an industrial spy and
dialog: sent the bomb yourself to get into my
dialog: building with no witnesses--
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Are you accusing me of not doing my job!?
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: I have pens that cost more than you make in a
dialog: week.
text: The two begin to argue when BYSTANDER #1 in the background looks
dialog: up and points.
speaker_heading: BYSTANDER #1
dialog: Look! Up in the sky...
dialog: Several others look.
speaker_heading: BYSTANDER #2
dialog: It's a bird...
text: The focus shifts from LUTHOR to the sky.
speaker_heading: BYSTANDER #3
dialog: It's a plane.
text: A whisper builds through the crowd.
text: SUPERMAN gracefully descends to Earth, his red boots gently
text: connecting with the pavement as his red flowing cape cascades off
text: his shoulders and perfectly hangs from his frame. He lands on the
text: clear side of the barricade.
text: He is a muscular man, 6'3" and 225 pounds. His ice blue eyes and
text: jet black hair compliment his chiseled features. The red and
text: yellow "S" shield covers his entire chest. He has a presence
dialog: unlike any other.
text: LUTHOR is still ranting as the SERGEANT notices him and stops
dialog: arguing.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Superman.
text: SUPERMAN stares at the building like he's looking through it...
dialog: because he is.
text: SERGEANT leaves LUTHOR who isn't used to being walked away from
text: in mid-sentence. SERGEANT approaches SUPERMAN who is
text: concentrating on his invisible x-ray vision.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (slightly nervous)
dialog: Sir, I'm SERGEANT Pennington of the MPF Bomb
dialog: Unit.
text: SUPERMAN stops scanning and shakes SERGEANT's hand.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: Nice to meet you, SERGEANT Pennington.
dialog: There's no bomb in this building.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: How could you know that?
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: I checked. There are some lead lined rooms
dialog: which isn't unusual in a research facility
dialog: but they're secured areas. So unless Luthor
dialog: put the bomb there himself, the bomb is out
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: What? How dare you insinuate-
text: SUPERMAN motions to LUTHOR to be quiet.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: ("listening")
dialog: Wait...
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Do you hear your mother calling you?
text: SUPERMAN "listens" to the crowd. We hear what he hears. What
text: sounds like a massive chaotic bass-heavy thumping narrows down
dialog: shorter and shorter until there is one incredibly quick
dialog: heartbeat.
text: SUPERMAN stares into the crowd looking "through" them. The crowd
text: parts as if they know he isn't looking at them until the WOMAN
text: from the receptionist desk is left standing alone. Her face is
text: full of tears and she looks like hell.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
speaker_heading: (to LUTHOR)
dialog: Ex-wife?
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Hardly. I pay the six of them enough money
dialog: not to try a stunt like this. She's a former
dialog: EMPLOYEE I had to transfer to a "less
dialog: desirable position."
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (crying)
dialog: All I wanted was to talk to you, Mister
dialog: Luthor. You told me you cared and I just want
dialog: one more chance. I just wanted to talk.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Did you have an appointment?
text: Furiously the WOMAN pulls a trigger from her pocket and rips her
text: jacket open showing the bomb. Immediately, SUPERMAN begins to
text: inspect it with his telescopic vision.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Hey lady! I don't know what this schmuck did
dialog: to you but you're gonna kill a lot of
dialog: innocent people.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Look...
text: MERCY leans into LUTHOR and whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: ...Cheryl, I know there may have been some
dialog: misunderstandings.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Transferring me to Bludhaven is hardly a
dialog: misunderstanding.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: How about I'll have someone give you a call
dialog: if you leave your number with-
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I'LL GIVE YOU A NUMBER!
speaker_heading: THREE!
text: People begin to scramble from the scene.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: I can give you a promotion. Maybe move you
dialog: into a nice office on the one-hundred and
text: fourth next to the Executive Wash Room.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
speaker_heading: TWO!
text: People begin to knock each other over fleeing the area. The
text: POLICE are right behind them. People take shelter behind cars and
dialog: structures.
text: SUPERMAN is watching her, totally calm.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Five hundred percent salary increase. That
dialog: oughta buy a lot of therapy.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: ONE!
text: She presses the trigger and there is an almost inaudible click.
text: She presses repeatedly and nothing. She looks at the trigger and
text: in its place is a sterling silver pen. She clicks it again and
text: the point extends and retracts. She looks down at her mid-section
dialog: and there is no bomb.
scene_heading: SHASH CUT ACROSS TO:
scene_heading: LUTHOR, SUPERMAN and SERGEANT.
text: They are confused except for SUPERMAN who no one notices is
text: holding and inspecting the bomb.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: Where did you get this? This is very
dialog: impressive.
speaker_heading: (To SERGEANT)
dialog: What is this?
text: SERGEANT does a double take and then inspects it without touching
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: That is impressive. That is your basic Class
dialog: Six explosive with a chemical balance and
dialog: wire trigger. It's a common weapon used by
dialog: American Militias and Querac Jihads.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: You disarm it by cutting the yellow, the pink
dialog: and then the black.
text: SUPERMAN's irises turn red and three wires burn clean through. He
text: hands it to SERGEANT who just stares at him in amazement.
text: Two OFFICERS arrest the WOMAN. As she's being taken away...
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Cheryl...
text: She turns with hope in her eyes.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: ...you're fired.
text: She breaks free of the POLICE and lunges at LUTHOR. Stepping in
text: the way of her charge is MERCY. With a martial arts move that
text: appears to be one fluid motion, she drops her to the ground.
text: POLICE gather her and take her away.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Superman, how did you know where the bomb
dialog: was?
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
speaker_heading: (Answering for SUPERMAN)
dialog: A heartbeat has a particular rhythm that's
dialog: corrupted when someone is under duress, a
dialog: threatening situation or lying.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
text: Like a polygraph.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: That's a neat trick. Do you do parties?
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: It's not so easy to distinguish when there
dialog: are two heartbeats, Luthor.
dialog: (giving LUTHOR a very dirty look)
dialog: If that's all...
text: LOIS LANE runs to the scene as SUPERMAN is preparing to leave.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: I'm not done with you yet. You committed an
dialog: extreme invasion of my privacy by looking
dialog: into my building. You can expect to hear from
dialog: my lawyers.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: I don't have time for this, Luthor.
speaker_heading: (noticing LOIS)
dialog: Hello, Miss Lane. How are you doing?
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: (slightly nervous)
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: It's good to see you again but I have to be
dialog: going.
text: SUPERMAN effortlessly rises and disappears into the afternoon
dialog: sky.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: (Shouting)
dialog: When I have you brought up on charges and
dialog: arrested and you'll have all the time in the
dialog: world!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KENT FARM, (SMALLVILLE, KANSAS) - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A sport utility truck drives up the long dirt road leading to the
text: KENT farm. The modern truck clashes against the 1950s Norman
text: Rockwell-ish landscape. The door opens and out steps LANA LANG
text: (early 30s) carrying a covered dish. She is dressed in a simple
text: shirt and worn jeans with very little makeup.
text: The screen door opens and out steps MARTHA KENT, the same woman
dialog: we saw for a moment thirty years earlier. Her hair has grayed and
text: she's found some wrinkles. She is wearing an apron but there
dialog: isn't a stain on it.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: (Scolding)
dialog: Lana Lang you know better than that.
text: MARTHA rushes to her side like she's a long lost child returning
text: home. She kisses her on the cheek and takes the dish.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Mrs. Kent we go through this every Sunday. Is
dialog: Clark here yet?
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: No. I think he said something about a meeting
dialog: today.
text: JONATHAN KENT meets them on the porch.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: My girl Lana, what did you bring me?
text: MARTHA rolls her eyes at him.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: (scolding)
dialog: Jonathan.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Peach cobbler.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Jonathan, what time is Clark coming?
text: JONATHAN looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Well Metropolis time is two hours behind but
dialog: he's never been late for a Sunday supper. I
dialog: reckon he should be here-
text: The sound of their dog barking distracts JONATHAN. He looks by
text: the barn and sees their son, SUPERMAN's alter-ego, CLARK KENT,
text: playing with the dog. He is dressed in jeans and simple button
dialog: shirt.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: --Right on time.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Hey, Pa!
text: He hugs his father who looks small in his arms. Almost boylike,
text: he approaches Lana.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Lana.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Hi Clark.
text: There is a shared moment between them.
text: MARTHA whispers to JONATHAN and they leave the two alone for a
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KENT HOME - DINING ROOM
text: Supper is finished and the table is cluttered with dirty dishes.
text: MARTHA begins collecting dishes.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: You outdid yourself, Ma. Let me help you with
dialog: those.
text: CLARK gets up and assists. JONATHAN unbuckles his belt and leans
text: back in his chair fully satisfied.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Jonathan, is that necessary. We have guests.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: What? Lana might as well be family. She can
text: unbuckle her pants if it makes her feel
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Maybe next time.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Are you sure? I'm gonna stretch out on the
text: floor in a minute.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: You do that.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: He will not.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KENT FARM - DUSK
text: CLARK walks out of the house followed by JONATHAN. There is a
text: marvelous Kansas sunset over the flatlands of the farm.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Isn't that something?
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: It sure is. You know, Metropolis has a
dialog: beautiful sunset.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: But you can only see it when you're in a
dialog: plane above the city. That's why I don't go
dialog: there often. I think I'd miss her too much.
speaker_heading: CLARK
text: Ma seems a little distant.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: We saw what you did this afternoon, son.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: You know how she worries. She just wants you
dialog: to be safe. You're her only son. Be careful.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: I'll be careful, Pa. I promise.
text: He kisses his father on the forehead. MARTHA comes out of the
dialog: house with LANA.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: You weren't going to race off with mine, were
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: No, Ma.
text: He gives her a long hug.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: I have some leftovers I can wrap for you.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Hmmm, homemade meat loaf, that's tempting but
dialog: I'll be okay.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Are you going to walk me to my car, Clark?
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Thanks for having me, Mrs Kent.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Anytime, Lana.
text: MARTHA and JONATHAN return to the house. CLARK walks LANA very
text: slowly to her truck.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: They love you so much.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: I know. I don't know what I would do without
dialog: them.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: You know, when I fly through Metropolis I
dialog: notice different things all the time. Subtle
dialog: changes nobody probably notices. But when I
dialog: fly over Smallville, it's like nothing ever
dialog: changes. It's just the way I left it. It's
dialog: like time doesn't work here.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: (laughing to herself)
dialog: It works. It just works very slowly.
dialog: (beat, very serious)
dialog: I miss you, Clark. I miss you so much.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: I miss you, too, Lana.
text: LANA looks at him realizing he doesn't understand.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: You really don't know, do you? You can hear
dialog: clouds collide into each other but you are so
dialog: oblivious sometimes.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: You know every time your parents see you on
dialog: TV they are so proud and so terrified at the
dialog: same time. When other people worry if their
dialog: kids are making friends and eating right your
dialog: parents are worrying if some super-powered
dialog: goon is going to get the best of you. If
dialog: you're going to be trapped in space or buried
dialog: in a lava flow or something.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: I had that lava flow under control.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: You're missing the point, Clark. They love
dialog: you and worry about you. I worry about you.
dialog: Sometimes I wish you would just come home one
dialog: Sunday for dinner and stay but I know that
dialog: can't happen. I've known you since we were
dialog: kids and I know how your parents raised you.
dialog: You could never stay in Smallville knowing
dialog: there were things happening in the world you
dialog: could prevent. You couldn't live with
dialog: yourself. You could never be that selfish.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: But I could.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: You know, there are ten million people in
dialog: Metropolis and I don't know any of them.
dialog: Sometimes I think about it and I'm saving a
dialog: city full of strangers when the people I know
dialog: and love are here. And the worse part is
dialog: everyone there thinks they know me.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: But there things actually happen. They need
dialog: you more than we ever could. They depend on
dialog: you. You're their hero.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Am I? NASA lost contact with the Constitution
dialog: and on reentry it exploded and twelve men
dialog: died. I might have been the only man on Earth
dialog: who could have saved them.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: But you didn't, Clark. You didn't save them
dialog: and they died. You can't save them all.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Instead, I spent my afternoon saving the life
dialog: of a billionaire egomaniac.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: And what if you hadn't? What if that woman
dialog: blew up the building and a few thousand
dialog: people died? Clark, you can't be everywhere.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: But if I had been-
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: If you had been what? Two places in the same
dialog: time? Stronger? Faster? You may be the most
dialog: amazing person on the planet and the world
dialog: may call you Superman but inside you're just
dialog: a man. You have to accept that.
text: CLARK reaches over and holds her hand. She smiles and leans in
text: and kisses him.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Remember that night after graduation when you
dialog: took me out into the back field. I knew you
dialog: were going off to college but somewhere, I
dialog: thought you were going to ask me to marry
dialog: you.
text: CLARK has a look of surprise.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: I thought we would get married and you'd get
dialog: me out of the one cow town and I'd actually
dialog: see something in my life.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Lana, I didn't...
text: LANA shushes him before he can finish.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: It's okay.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: I should have married you when I had the
dialog: chance.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: You'll always have the chance, Clark.
dialog: Whenever you're ready to come home, I'll be
dialog: here.
text: They both gaze up into the open Kansas sky.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEXCORP CONFERENCE ROOM
text: In the room seated around a large marble table are thirty men
text: from various divisions of the LexCorp empire. One entire wall is
text: a window overlooking a breathtaking view of night-lit Metropolis.
text: The massive seat at the front of the table is empty.
text: The two giant doors to the room are tossed open and in walks
dialog: LUTHOR (everyone stands). As always, within arms distance is
text: MERCY, followed by two SECRETARIES. He sits at the front of the
text: table with a SECRETARY on each side. MERCY stands behind him.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Gentlemen, I've had a hell of a day and I am
dialog: not in a very good mood so let's make this
dialog: short.
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Accounting?
text: VAN HYNING, the Accounting Rep stands and clears his throat.
speaker_heading: VAN HYNING
dialog: We have acquired six more research facilities
dialog: in Southeast Asia. The munitions plant in
dialog: Northern Europe that has been prohibiting our
dialog: use of their new patented circuit board is no
dialog: longer a problem.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Then the merger went well?
speaker_heading: VAN HYNING
dialog: The details are in my report. LexAir, LexOil,
dialog: LexCom and their subsidiaries are all doing
dialog: well, twenty-two percent above the projected
dialog: goals.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: (excited)
dialog: That's what I like to hear!
speaker_heading: VAN HYNING
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: The stock divided this morning and LexCorp
dialog: took a two hundred point seven million dollar
dialog: loss... the lowest percentage loss of all the
dialog: listed companies. A loss sixteen percent
text: higher than Maxwell Lord's holdings.
text: LUTHOR doesn't look happy with the news and everyone waits for
dialog: his reaction.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: What exactly am I standing in?
speaker_heading: VAN HYNING
dialog: Company assets are at four point two trillion
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: That's acceptable.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Research?
text: HOLLISTER, the rep from RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT stands.
speaker_heading: HOLLISTER
dialog: Construction of our new facilities in South
dialog: America and Greenland are proceeding ahead of
dialog: schedule. The great news is medical research
dialog: has perfected the Leukemia vaccine prototype.
text: It works flawlessly.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Have they sent the conditions to the
dialog: pharmaceutical firms?
speaker_heading: HOLLISTER
dialog: Yes they have and they've all declined. They
dialog: argue the asking price is outrageous.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: If it were their kids let's see how
dialog: outrageous it is. Very well, we keep it and
dialog: it goes no where. The Antarctica facility?
speaker_heading: HOLLISTER
dialog: Running totally on your new energy source for
dialog: eight months on a less than a quarter of a
dialog: percent what it previously used. The new fuel
dialog: is clean, stable and most importantly cheap.
dialog: Of course, we only have limited resources.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Is it possible to replicate the chemical
dialog: structure?
speaker_heading: HOLLISTER
dialog: We know it isn't from Earth but it's being
dialog: worked on as we speak.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: And the Metropolis Energy Commission?
speaker_heading: HOLLISTER
dialog: That news isn't as good. There needs to be a
dialog: unanimous vote to change the city's power
dialog: source. We own ten of the twelve commission
dialog: members but the other two refuse to
dialog: cooperate. They think it's unnecessary to
dialog: spend billions of dollars of taxpayer's money
text: on an untested source.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: The cloning?
speaker_heading: HOLLISTER
dialog: We have a cat?
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: You cloned a cat?
speaker_heading: (to VAN HYNING)
dialog: How much money have I spent on this cloning
dialog: thing?
speaker_heading: VAN HYNING
dialog: Two billion, Mister Luthor.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Two billion dollars and you have a cat?
speaker_heading: HOLLISTER
dialog: Well, we have fifteen hundred cats.
text: (LUTHOR gives him a horrid look)
dialog: It's very remarkable. They all are identical
dialog: when means the matrix-
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Fifteen hundred cats? What am I supposed to
dialog: do with fifteen hundred cats? If I were in
dialog: Korea I'd open a delicatessen but I'm not.
dialog: I'm in Metropolis where fifteen hundred cats
dialog: are useless to me. I want something better.
text: Dogs, monkeys, French-speaking gorillas.
dialog: Impress me.
speaker_heading: HOLLISTER
dialog: Yes, Mister Luthor.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: (changing tone and becoming extremely
dialog: serious)
dialog: Now to my Legal Department... I have a problem,
dialog: which in turn means you have a problem.
text: LUTHOR stands and begins circling the table in a tiger-like stalk
dialog: looking for something to kill.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: This afternoon a man stood outside, on my
dialog: property and looked inside my building. My
dialog: business. My home. I consider this a grave
dialog: invasion of my privacy.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Now what are you going to do about it?
text: Several attorneys look nervously at each other. LUTHOR points at
text: WYNN, a young man, who returns a "who me" look.
speaker_heading: WYNN
dialog: Well, he's Superman, sir. He's not the kind
dialog: of person you issue subpoenas to. And he was
dialog: acting with the cooperation of the Police and
dialog: under The Good Samaritan act of 1968 you
dialog: can't...
text: The entire room cringes. LUTHOR looks up with a frightening
text: serene expression.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: I what?
speaker_heading: WYNN
dialog: (very nervous)
dialog: You can't take legal action-
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: I'm sorry, what's your name?
speaker_heading: WYNN
dialog: Wynn, sir.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: And Wynn, how long have you been employed
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: WYNN
dialog: Three months, sir.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: And can you tell me what qualifies you to
dialog: work in my Legal Department?
speaker_heading: WYNN
dialog: I attended Harvard Law School on a full
dialog: scholarship and graduated in the top three
dialog: percent with honors. I worked as a public
dialog: defender for three years in Gateway City with
dialog: an undefeated record. I had my own firm for
dialog: two years in Keystone and decided I wanted to
dialog: work with the best and came here.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Are you familiar with my qualifications?
speaker_heading: WYNN
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Well, let me familiarize you with my resume.
dialog: I completed high school when I was fourteen.
dialog: I had my first Bachelor's Degree when I was
dialog: sixteen. My first doctorate when I was
dialog: seventeen. I have four of them. I graduated
dialog: in the top three of my class because I was
dialog: too busy working on theories for matter
dialog: destabilization that year but I did manage a
dialog: Nobel Prize nomination in science but I lost
dialog: to some Mathematician with theories no one
dialog: will ever use. NASA paid me for the
dialog: destablizer and I was a millionaire at
dialog: twenty-four. I made my first billion when I
dialog: was thirty-one.
speaker_heading: (to VAN HYNING)
dialog: What are my personal assets?
speaker_heading: VAN HYNING
dialog: As of four-fifteen this afternoon, your
dialog: personal worth is one hundred and sixteen
dialog: point one billion dollars... give or take a few
dialog: hundred million.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Of the other two, one is an advisor to the
dialog: President and the other spends his nights
dialog: praying he can defend WayneTECH from my
dialog: corporate raiders.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: I understand you're new but for future
dialog: reference, you never tell me what I can and
dialog: cannot do.
dialog: (Beat)
speaker_heading: VAN HYNING.
speaker_heading: VAN HYNING
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Superman said something about not being able
text: to see through the lead-lined rooms in the
dialog: radiation labs. Get an estimate to the
text: interior walls painted with a lead content
dialog: paint.
dialog: (Turns toward the window)
dialog: I'm thinking... beige.
text: LUTHOR is staring out over the city.
text: Everyone exits except MERCY. LUTHOR reaches adjusts his jacket
text: and realizes he's missing his sterling silver pen. He looks at
text: MERCY for an answer and she shrugs her shoulders.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DAILY PLANET - PERRY WHITE'S OFFICE - 10:45P
text: LOIS enters PERRY's office waiving a floppy disk.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: I got it.
text: She drops the disk on his desk.
speaker_heading: PERRY
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: The story on LexCorp bomb for the morning
dialog: edition.
text: PERRY holds up another disk.
speaker_heading: PERRY
dialog: Clark had his here before he left at seven.
text: LOIS doesn't say anything. She fumes until she's built up enough
text: pressure she storms out.
speaker_heading: PERRY
dialog: (shouting out and holding the disks)
dialog: And what ever happened to paper?
scene_heading: INT. DAILY PLANET CITY ROOM
text: LOIS drops into her chair, consumed with anger. The clock in the
text: background reads 11:00PM.
dialog: Cleaning people come and go along with the occasional worker
text: burning the midnight oil. She never moves but the time does.
text: The clock DISSOLVES to 8:30am. The office becomes alive with
dialog: people.
text: CLARK KENT enters with RON TROUPE and they go to their respective
text: desks. CLARK situates his things, opens the morning paper while
text: LOIS glares at him the whole time.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: (monotone)
dialog: How do you do it, Smallville?
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: (not lowering the paper)
dialog: Do what, Lois?
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: You know what.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: (lowering the paper and looking up)
dialog: I'm just doing my job.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: No. Getting the stories on the front page is
dialog: what I do. You're doing my job.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Are you jealous, Lois?
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: No, I am not jealous of you.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Tell you what. I have a meeting with MAYOR
dialog: Berkowicz to discuss the revamping of the
dialog: transit system. Why don't you go instead?
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Don't do me any favors. Sam Lane didn't raise
dialog: his daughters to take hand-outs.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: No, I insist. I have a friend coming to town
dialog: and it'll free up more of my time. He likes
dialog: you better anyway. You always get the good
text: stuff out of him.
dialog: (convincing)
dialog: Come on, Lois. He owes me an interview as a
dialog: favor. It'll be an exclusive.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: Okay, I'll do it, but not because I want the
dialog: story. I'm doing it so you can spend the
dialog: evening with your friend to do whatever it is
dialog: you do when you're not here. Understood?
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: You're helping me out.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Exactly.
text: Across the room RON and JIMMY are listening in.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Lois is one hard case.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Miss Lane hates to lose... especially to Mister
dialog: Kent.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Actually, I'd hate to be on the receiving end
dialog: of that but I think Kent actually likes it.
text: RON walks off.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: You think?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY - RUSH HOUR
text: A speeding VAN is weaving DANGEROUSLY through traffic while being
text: pursued by POLICE cars. The VAN loses its pursuers but SWERVES to
text: avoid a civilian, causing the VAN to flip several times landing
text: in the middle of an intersection.
text: Dazed, three ski-masked THUGS emerge carrying duffel bags of
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: THUG #1
dialog: Let's go!
text: They flee through the streets, past pedestrians and into the
dialog: subway.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY
text: The THUGS jump the turnstile and FORCE THEMSELVES Into a subway
text: train as the doors shut and it pulls from the platform. Subway
text: patrons scream with terror.
speaker_heading: THUG #2
dialog: Everybody shut up or somebody's gettin' a
dialog: bullet in the head!
speaker_heading: THUG #1
speaker_heading: (to THUG #3)
dialog: Go up front and make sure the driver doesn't
dialog: radio anybody or make any stops until I say
dialog: so.
text: THUG #3 hustles to the front of the car.
speaker_heading: THUG #1
speaker_heading: (to THUG #2)
dialog: They can still stop the car from the central
dialog: station so if we don't stop at the 147th then
dialog: they don't know what car we're on.
text: The train approaches the next platform without slowing.
speaker_heading: THUG #3
dialog: (excited)
dialog: We're not slowing! They don't know which
dialog: train we're on! We are outta here!
text: The THUGS rejoice in a quick celebration as the train speeds past
text: the platform. On the platform is CLARK KENT next to LOIS LANE
dialog: (with her cell phone.)
text: The waiting commuters are confused and start mumbling. In an
text: instant, CLARK peers into the moving train with his telescopic
text: vision sees the THUGS with their hostages.
text: CLARK takes two steps backwards behind the line of people. His
text: gray hat can be seen above the headline as he moves along the
dialog: platform in the direction of the train. Between the people, we
text: see a blur that changes from a gray suit to the familiar colorful
text: uniform. He emerges from the other side as SUPERMAN and flies
dialog: into the tunnel.
text: He's gone in a blur.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TUNNEL
text: SUPERMAN speeds through the darkened tunnel, his image is a
text: flicker among the passing subway lights. As he approaches the
text: train he turns sideways (left side down, his front to the train)
text: and squeezes BETWEEN THE TRAIN AND SUBWAY WALL. His face strains
text: as he builds speed and MATCHES the turns without slowing.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR
text: The HOSTAGES in the train are panicked. One HOSTAGE, facing the
text: window, can see a large sideways "S" shield moving past them to
text: the front of the train. HOSTAGE burps a small nervous laugh and
text: another until they quickly build to a frenzy of uncontrolled
text: laughter. The other HOSTAGES fear he's going to get them killed.
speaker_heading: THUG #2
dialog: (to LAUGHING HOSTAGE)
dialog: What the hell is so damn funny?
dialog: laughing hostage
dialog: (trying to calm himself)
dialog: You...
text: SUPERMAN arrives at the front of the train and turns upright
text: flying in a standing position at the door.
speaker_heading: LAUGHING HOSTAGE
dialog: (laugh)
dialog: ...are gonna...
text: SUPERMAN forces his fingers between the doors and tears them open
text: with the sound of twisting metal.
speaker_heading: LAUGHING HOSTAGE
dialog: (trying to stop)
dialog: ...get your ass...
text: SUPERMAN, hovering two feet above the floor, steps down inside.
speaker_heading: LAUGHING HOSTAGE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: ...so kicked.
text: EVERYBODY in the train looks at the LAUGHING HOSTAGE with no idea
dialog: what he's talking about.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN (OS)
dialog: Gentlemen...
text: THUGS turn to see SUPERMAN. Immediately they point their guns and
text: fire in a rapid succession of bullets. Barely moving, SUPERMAN
text: whips his hands through the air catching dozens of bullets.
text: THUG #2's gun jams.
text: THUG #1 runs out of ammunition.
text: THUG #3 keeps firing and SUPERMAN, still catching bullets walks
text: slowly toward him, reaches out, wraps his fingers around the gun
text: and begins to "crinkle" it causing it to SMOKE AND break apart.
text: Metal chunks clang as they hit the floor. After the last piece
text: falls, SUPERMAN laces his fingers with the THUG's and squeezes
text: causing the THUG to buckle to his knees screaming in pain.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
speaker_heading: (to THUG)
dialog: I'm guessing you're new here.
text: THUG #2's gun unjams and he fires at SUPERMAN's back. SUPERMAN
text: hears the shot and turns. The bullet hits him square in his chest
dialog: and ricochets...
text: POV - the bullet: speeds back to THUG #2's forehead. THUG #2 screams and as
text: the bullet closes in on his face, it stops in mid-air.
text: CAMERA pans out and SUPERMAN is holding the bullet between his
text: thumb and index finger, four inches from THUG #2's forehead. The
text: bullet is wafting smoke.
text: THUG #2 is whimpering.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: I think this belongs to you.
text: He puts the hot bullet in THUG #2's palm and closes his fingers
dialog: around it.
text: The train comes to a stop.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETSIDE
text: There are emergency vehicles and POLICE waiting streetside.
text: SUPERMAN emerges from the subway surrounded by the crowd of
dialog: people he's rescued.
text: A little GIRL approaches.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Superman, can I get my picture taken with
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: We're from out of town and it would be a
dialog: great souvenir.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: I really don't do pictures... but I'll tell you
dialog: what...
text: SUPERMAN holds out his hand still full of bullets. He kneels to
text: the girl's level and blows on them. The little GIRL winces at the
text: cold air. When the mist clears, the bullets are incased in ice.
text: SUPERMAN plucks one from the mounds and hands it to her.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: Why don't you take one of these and tell all
dialog: your friends you saw Superman catch it?
speaker_heading: GIRL
speaker_heading: COOL!
text: SUPERMAN sets the frozen bullets on the ground and the crowd
text: scrambles for them. SUPERMAN sees LOIS off to the side jotting
text: notes on a tablet furiously.
text: The GIRL takes the frozen bullet and gleefully shows her parents.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Thanks, Superman.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: My pleasure.
text: SUPERMAN shakes his hand and winces. FATHER looks at him shocked.
speaker_heading: LOIS notices.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Let me see that.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: I'm fine, Lois.
text: LOIS opens his hand and his palm is burned. LOIS looks at him
text: with fear in her eyes.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Is this from the bullets?
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: I'll be okay.
text: He flies off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION
text: Several COPS are escorting a HUGE LOUD PERP through the bustling
dialog: station into lockup.
speaker_heading: PERP
dialog: Hey pigs, how long you think I'm gonna to
dialog: stay here before I breaks loose and kill you
dialog: all?
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: SMALL FEMALE COP (OFFICER WARREN) walks by.
speaker_heading: PERP
dialog: Hey piglet, nice piece you got there. You
dialog: wanna see what I'm packin'?
text: She pulls out a can of mace and sprays him directly in the face.
text: He starts coughs and changes into a laugh.
text: He repulses her by flicking his tongue. He holds his cuffed hands
dialog: in the air.
speaker_heading: PERP
dialog: Do you like to play with handcuffs as much as
dialog: I do?
speaker_heading: OFFICER WARREN
dialog: I prefer my men without jewelry.
speaker_heading: PERP
dialog: Not a problem.
text: He twists his ham-fists together and strains the small silver
text: chain until it breaks. He holds his free hands in the air.
speaker_heading: PERP
dialog: I'm flexible.
text: He picks her up (OFFICER WARREN screams) and tosses her across
text: the room like a discarded toy.
text: The station goes berserk. POLICE scramble for cover and draw
dialog: their weapons.
speaker_heading: PERP
dialog: Okay, who wants to be first?!
speaker_heading: STRANGER (OS)
dialog: That would be me.
text: This whole sequence is done without a visual of the STRANGER. He
dialog: is to be revealed later.
text: PERP looks down and laughs.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION -- MIDDAY
text: PERP is thrown through the front double glass doors and lands in
text: the middle of the street. Dazed, he lifts himself to see a TRUCK
text: headed straight for him.
text: He SCREAMS! The DRIVER slams his breaks and the truck skids.
text: At the last possible second, a hand presses into the truck grill
text: and stops it. The airbag ignites and explodes on the DRIVER. The
text: front of the car is smashed like it hit a tree.
speaker_heading: STRANGER (OS)
speaker_heading: To POLICE)
dialog: Someone see if that driver is okay.
text: The Police Station empties into the street. The PERP is mumbling
text: to himself. The STRANGER grabs him by the back of his neck and
text: squeezes. He points him into the direction of the OFFICER WARREN
text: (who is rubbing her neck).
speaker_heading: STRANGER (OS)
speaker_heading: (To PERP)
dialog: Since I'm sure you don't have a mother, I'll
dialog: assume you don't know better.
speaker_heading: PERP
dialog: Screw you, you frickin'-
speaker_heading: STRANGER (OS)
dialog: (squeezing harder)
dialog: Apologize to the lady. I'm only going to ask
dialog: you nicely once.
speaker_heading: PERP
dialog: (in horrible pain and whimpering)
dialog: I'm sorry, Miss Police Lady Miss.
speaker_heading: STRANGER (OS)
dialog: That's better.
text: He lets go and PERP falls to the ground.
text: CLOSE-UP ON PERP'S HANDS as six pair of handcuffs lock around his
text: wrists and he's led back into the station by several COPS with
text: rifles pointed at him.
text: The STRANGER walks down the street.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - DAY
text: A school bus has a blow-ouT. The DRIVER tries to keep control as
text: it leans and is hit by A TRUCK knocking it on its side.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL BUS
text: The CHILDREN are screaming and crying. The DRIVER staggers to his
text: feet in the overturned bus.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: KIDS! KIDS! Everybody stay calm. This is
dialog: going to be okay.
dialog: (pointing to an older boy)
dialog: Patrick! See if you can open the emergency
dialog: door!
text: PATRICK pulls the lever but the door doesn't open. He sticks his
text: head out a broken window and sees...
text: A FREIGHT TRAIN. They have been pushed through traffic onto the
dialog: tracks.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Mister Clifton! There's a train coming!
text: The CHILDREN begin screaming when something else slams into the
dialog: bus with a THUD!
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: What the--?
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSECTION/TRAIN CROSSING
text: The bus starts to slide on the pavement through the train
text: intersection. People get out of their cars watching the sight.
text: CAMERA pans around the back of the train revealing STRANGER with
text: his back against the bus PUSHING it over the tracks. The MAN is
text: revealed slightly more than he was in the previous scene.
text: The bus barely clears the tracks and the train speeds by.
text: The STRANGER goes to the top of the bus (which is on its side)
text: and with his bare hands tears into the metal roof making an
text: opening for the children to escape.
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: Everybody be careful. The edges are sharp.
dialog: Don't cut yourself.
text: The DRIVER, the last one out, squints at the sun in his eyes as
text: he looks to his silhouetted benefactor...
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Thank you, Superm-
text: And realizes this isn't SUPERMAN.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (Embarrassed)
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: Don't worry. It happens all the time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MONORIAL TRACKS
text: CLOSE UP: There is a short in the magnet track, which showers in
dialog: sparks.
scene_heading: INT. MONORAIL COCKPIT
text: Gages begin flashing and the MONORAIL CONDUCTOR frantically tries
text: to regain control. He clicks his radio on.
speaker_heading: MONORAIL CONDUCTOR
dialog: Attention base fourteen! Attention base
dialog: fourteen! MMT six eight nine zero is runaway!
dialog: Repeat: MMT six eight nine zero is runaway!
text: The monorail barrels through its switch-off.
speaker_heading: MONORAIL CONDUCTOR
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Oh no. The switch.
scene_heading: INT. CITY HALL PRESS ROOM
text: DEPUTY MAYOR MICHAEL WALKER is behind a podium fielding questions
text: from reporters. Among them is CLARK KENT and JIMMY OLSEN.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: ...has no official stand at this time but I'll
dialog: have an answer for you next week. The last
dialog: three questions will be Ms Parks, Mr Kent and
dialog: Mr Knox from the Globe.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: With increased activities by Superman, does
dialog: this administration endorse these
dialog: unsanctioned actions and if it doesn't, how
dialog: does it plan to police them?
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: The MAYOR...
text: CLOSE on CLARK KENT whose attention starts to drift. The DEPUTY
text: MAYOR's voice warbles and with his hearing, he begins to focus on
text: other things. The next lines overlap as if listening to a hundred
dialog: people talk at once.
speaker_heading: EAVESDROP #1
dialog: ...I had the Szechwan Chicken and Garlic Sauce...
speaker_heading: EAVESDROP #2
dialog: ...how could you do that do me? You know how
dialog: much I care about you...
speaker_heading: EAVESDROP #3
dialog: ...this behavior cannot be tolerated...
speaker_heading: EAVESDROP #4
dialog: ...has managed to synthesize and patent some
dialog: new mineral at LexCorp...
speaker_heading: EAVESDROP #5
dialog: ...if you're not doing anything after work I
dialog: was hoping you might...
speaker_heading: EAVESDROP #6
dialog: ...are a bunch of heathen anyway...
speaker_heading: EAVESDROP #7
dialog: ...can't be trusted...
speaker_heading: EAVESDROP #8
dialog: ...don't know what I would do without...
speaker_heading: EAVESDROP #9
dialog: ...the nine thirty show...
speaker_heading: EAVESDROP #10
dialog: ...because of the gun...
speaker_heading: EAVESDROP #11
dialog: ...is so yummy...
speaker_heading: EAVESDROP #12
dialog: ...aren't really hers...
text: The voices get more and more singled out until there is one lone
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: EAVESDROP #13
dialog: ...emergency vehicles stand by for massive
dialog: collision victims at Monorail Base fourteen...
text: The sound focuses again on WALKER.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: ...but is appreciated regardless, Mr Knox. And
text: the last question goes to Kent.
text: The attention in the room shifts to an empty chair where CLARK
text: was seconds earlier. Nobody saw KENT leave and no one is as
text: surprised as OLSEN.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CITY HALL PRESS ROOM
text: CLARK scurries around the corner past employees. An elevator
text: being repaired and the doors are wedged open. Two REPAIRMEN are
text: working on the doors. CLARK moves to the elevator in a blur. Both
text: REPAIRMEN turn away as the blur moves between them and drops down
text: the darkened shaft.
text: The two REPAIRMEN turn and look at each other and then go about
dialog: the business.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT
text: CLARK freefalls down the shaft, his body a perfectly rigid form.
text: His tie wisps above his head and his hair flips in the breeze as
text: he plummets several stories. His eyes are closed enjoying the
text: moment. The camera CLOSES IN on his chest.
text: His hands gently take the edges of his buttoned shirt and TEAR
text: THEM APART REVEALING THE RED AND YELLOW "S" SHIELD ON BLUE THAT
text: FILLS HIS CHEST.
scene_heading: INT. CITY HALL ELEVATOR SHAFT
text: The Lobby elevator is opened and marked off with "OUT OF ORDER"
dialog: signs.
text: SUPERMAN flies out of the shaft and through the lobby. Someone
text: enters and SUPERMAN meets the open door perfectly and flies out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND MONORAIL
text: A SECOND MONORAIL is unaware another has lost control and not
text: switched tracks. They are heading directly toward each other.
scene_heading: EXT. TRACKS FROM OVERHEAD
text: SUPERMAN swerves into view and catches up with RUNAWAY MONORAIL.
scene_heading: INT. RUNAWAY MONORAIL
text: From inside, PASSENGERS look and point at SUPERMAN flying
dialog: overhead.
scene_heading: EXT. RUNAWAY MONORAIL
text: SUPERMAN flies in front of the monorail, places himself AGAINST
text: the front car and pushes in an attempt to slow it down in vain.
text: The MONORAIL CONDUCTOR can see SUPERMAN through the window.
speaker_heading: MONORAIL CONDUCTOR
dialog: Come on, Superman! You can do it!
text: The second monorail is gaining. SUPERMAN uses his telescopic
text: vision and can see the other MONORAIL miles away closing in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SECOND MONORAIL
text: CONDUCTOR is on the radio.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
speaker_heading: WHAT!
text: He throws a series of switches stopping the monorail. Passengers
text: are thrown about as it halts.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RUNAWAY MONORAIL
text: The RUNAWAY MONORAIL is within immediate distance.
text: CLOSE on SUPERMAN's face, which is tightened and strained.
text: The MONORAIL frame begins to cave in making an indention with
text: SUPERMAN at its center.
text: CLOSE on SUPERMAN's face, which is contorted...
text: The noise stops.
dialog: All is silent.
text: CAMERA pans back from SUPERMAN's face and reveals a halted
text: MONORAIL with his body pressed against it. He looks like a child
text: in front of a semi compared to the train. CAMERA pans further
text: revealing the SECOND MONORAIL maybe two feet in front of him.
text: The CONDUCTORS stare at him in disbelief.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: Wait till my wife hears this one.
text: CAMERA moves along side the distance of the RUNAWAY showing the
text: relieved passengers through the windows and finally coming to the
text: end of the train revealing the STRANGER holding the back end.
text: From a back window, people inside the train have been watching
dialog: him.
text: The STRANGER lets go and steps out onto the platform tired and
text: worn. This is the first time we fully see him in light. His is
text: huge and bald with a goatee and dressed in black. In the
text: distance, SUPERMAN staggers out from the train.
text: SUPERMAN and the STRANGER's eyes meet. The train doors open and
dialog: people flood out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: TELEVISION INTERVIEWS
dialog: All taken from witnesses to the day's events and all in different
dialog: places.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL GIRL
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Then the bus flipped over and we all fell and
dialog: the train was coming but somebody pushed us
dialog: out the way and he was big and strong and big
dialog: and he pushed us off the tracks.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: I don't know where he came from but he
text: grabbed that guy and tosses him through the
text: window into traffic like he was nothing. He
dialog: made him apologize to Leah but I don't know,
dialog: I might have let the guy get hit by that
dialog: truck.
speaker_heading: MONORAIL CONDUCTOR
dialog: I've seen Superman in action but he looked
dialog: different today. Like he wasn't all there.
dialog: The interviews are part of:
scene_heading: NEWSCAST: ACTION COMMENTS FEATURING SUPERMAN
text: The show is a daily broadcast with a special segment every day on
text: SUPERMAN's daily exploits. The logo in the background is made of
text: slanted letters that appear to be flying off the screen.
text: The host is ANGELA CHEN.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Metallo. Who is he? What is he? Where did he
dialog: come from? In the past twenty-four hours,
dialog: he's been responsible for six different
dialog: rescues and stopping three crimes in
dialog: progress. With rumors of Superman's abilities
dialog: waning, could his timing be better?
dialog: Here to address the issue of Superman's
dialog: abilities and limitations is STAR Labs' Chief
dialog: Science expert, Nobel Prize winner and
dialog: personal friend of Superman, Professor Emil
speaker_heading: HAMILTON.
text: PROFESSOR HAMILTON is a man in his early fifties with glasses;
text: gray hair and a matching beard.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Professor HAMILTON, how accurate are the
dialog: reports of an "injured" Superman?
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: Since Superman's potential and the origin of
dialog: his abilities are unknown to us, there is no
dialog: sure way to tell to what extent he's
dialog: suffering, if he's suffering at all.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: So you will agree Superman is not the Man Of
dialog: Tomorrow he was last month.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: I have done more tests on Superman than
dialog: anyone else has on Earth but the duration of
dialog: time it took for his powers to deteriorate to
dialog: their current state, only he knows. I can
dialog: only imagine the effect having such power and
dialog: then suddenly have it dissipate...
text: HOST gets a message from her earpiece.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Hold on. We have a report Metallo just
dialog: stopped a jewel heist in the downtown
dialog: financial district. We have a camera there
dialog: now. Let's see if we can go live.
text: A window appears with a scene of overturned cars on fire and
text: several other wrecked vehicles.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Folks, I'm not sure what we're looking at
text: here. There appears to be some fire and
dialog: property damage.
text: The JERKY CAMERA pans catching METALLO hoisting a THUG in each
text: hand in the air and into the back of a POLICE van.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Wait! There's Metallo.
speaker_heading: CAMERA gets closer.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Metallo!
dialog: He turns.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: This is Angela Chen with Action Comments. Can
dialog: we have a few words?
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Sure.
text: Despite his massive intimidating size and almost threatening
dialog: appearance, METALLO speaks very articulately and is
text: well-mannered. He is a paradox of himself.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: You're abilities obviously dwarf the rest of
dialog: us. Can you tell us how you became Metallo?
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: I wish I could but most of it's a blur to me.
dialog: I remember being in a car accident and
text: rescued by someone on the outskirts of the
dialog: city. I was almost dead and this man, a
dialog: scientist, saved my life. Unfortunately the
dialog: scientist died soon after so there is a lot
dialog: that's unexplained even to me. I'm not sure
dialog: what he did to me but I'm just glad to be
dialog: alive. I feel better now than I ever have.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: The talk of the town is that if you hadn't
dialog: assisted Superman with the monorail, hundreds
dialog: could have died and possibly Superman. Do you
dialog: believe Superman is weakening?
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Stopping that train wasn't easy. I know.
dialog: Maybe there are some jobs that require more
dialog: than Superman.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Is that your way of saying you plan on
dialog: replacing Metropolis' Marvel?
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Definitely not. Superman is a hero to me as
dialog: he is everyone in Metropolis, if not the
dialog: world. Look, Metropolis is a big town. There
dialog: are eleven million people here and I think
dialog: there is more than enough room for the both
dialog: of us. I bet the guy could use a vacation.
text: Forced laughter from CHEN.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Now if you don't mind, I'd like to make sure
dialog: these guys get taken off and I still have to
dialog: clean up this mess.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Thanks for your time. We have a CALLER.
dialog: CALLER you're on the air with Professor
speaker_heading: HAMILTON.
speaker_heading: CALLER (VO)
dialog: (very inarticulate)
dialog: I seen Sooperman in action and I don't
dialog: believe you guys is writin' his death
dialog: certificate already and puttin' that Metallo
dialog: guy on yer shoulders. The guy didn't catch a
dialog: train for Pete's sake! He's always been there
dialog: when it mattered. Maybe the guy didn't get
dialog: enough sleep or he's got some kinda
dialog: twenty-five hour bug or somethin'.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Oh-kay. We have another CALLER with an
dialog: opposing view.
dialog: Go CALLER.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR (VO)
dialog: You really must develop a better screening
dialog: process.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Is this Lex Luthor?
speaker_heading: LUTHOR (VO)
dialog: Yes it is.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: What an unexpected pleasure. Metropolis'
dialog: favorite entrepreneur. Can I call you Lex?
speaker_heading: LUTHOR (VO)
dialog: No.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: I agree with Metallo. There is room in
dialog: Metropolis for two heroes. I think
dialog: underestimating Metallo may be a grave
dialog: mistake. To put so much trust in one person
dialog: can only be dangerous. At least we know
dialog: Metallo is human unlike Superman who hides
dialog: his origin. Exactly what do we know about
dialog: Superman in the few years he's been here.
speaker_heading: CALLER (VO)
dialog: I know he can kick your bald ass clear to
dialog: Otisburg--
speaker_heading: LUTHOR (VO)
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Otisburg?
speaker_heading: CALLER (VO)
dialog: Yeah you-
speaker_heading: LUTHOR (VO)
dialog: Otisburg?
speaker_heading: CALLER (VO)
dialog: Tell you what Luther...
speaker_heading: LUTHOR (VO)
dialog: Lu-thor.
speaker_heading: CALLER (VO)
dialog: Dumbass! Why don't you come out of that fancy
dialog: glass house and you and me can do a little
dialog: one on one in yer front yard or ain't you got
dialog: the rocks?
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Okay, I think that will be enough and we'll
dialog: be back after this commercial break.
scene_heading: INT. DAILY PLANET
text: Several staffers are gathered around the wall-mounted television
text: and break up when the LEXAIR commercial starts. In the
text: background, CLARK is at his desk handwriting a letter. LOIS is
text: seated across from him. JIMMY approaches.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Did you see Metallo on the news? Man, is he
dialog: something or what?
dialog: (looking over LOIS' shoulder and pointing)
dialog: There's a "k" in "panicked."
text: LOIS smacks his hand... HARD. CLARK sneezes. LOIS instinctively
text: hands him a box of tissue.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Thank you.
text: CLARK reaches for the box and LOIS draws it back.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: (slightly confused)
dialog: Mister Kent sneezed.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Are you sick, Smallville?
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: A little under the weather. Probably
dialog: something going around.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: In June?
text: She hands him the box.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: I've never seen you sick, Clark. I thought
dialog: they built all you country boys big and
dialog: strong.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: That's true, Mister Kent. Wow. You're quick,
dialog: Miss Lane.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: I'm a reporter, Jimmy. I notice things.
text: CAT GRANT shouts from her desk on the other side of the room.
speaker_heading: CAT
text: HAS ANYBODY NOTICED IF METALLO IS WEARING A
speaker_heading: WEDDING RING?
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: I haven't been feeling well. I'm probably
dialog: best I go home and get some rest.
text: CAT approaches. CLARK puts his letter in an envelope and hands it
speaker_heading: to JIMMY.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Jimmy, could you take this down to the mail
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Sure thing, Mister Kent.
text: CAT takes it from JIMMY.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Lana Lang?
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: A letter? Let me guess your pigeons haven't
dialog: come back yet? You know, with emails, faxes
dialog: and if you really want to be a Neanderthal
dialog: you could always use the telephone.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: I think it's sweet. I can't remember when the
dialog: last time somebody wrote something for me.
dialog: Why can't I meet a nice guy?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Didn't Bruce Wayne serve you with a
dialog: restraining order?
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: That was four years ago and I am feeling much
dialog: better now, thank you.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Any good dirt I should know about, Clark?
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Kent doesn't have any dirt. He's going to go
dialog: home and make some soup from a Kent recipe
dialog: that's been in the family for six generations
text: and huddle down with a quilt and Frank Capra
dialog: movie that would make me wretch. Aren't you,
dialog: Kent?
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Seven generations.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I thought you had visitors tonight, Mister
dialog: Kent. Isn't that why you're letting Miss Lane
dialog: interview Mayor Berkowicz?
scene_heading: INT. DAILY PLANET LOBBY
text: A statuesque WOMAN (#2) dressed in a long skirt and conservative
text: blouse enters. Her body is that of an athlete. Her legs are to
text: die for. Her skin's like porcelain and her thick jet black wavy
text: hair cascades down her shoulders to the middle of her back.
text: She approaches the RECEPTIONIST (#3) who looks up, startled.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST #3
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: WOMAN #2
dialog: I'm here to see Clark Kent.
text: A man walks by in the background staring at her.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CITY ROOM
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Hmmmm. More Kansas farm boys?
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Cat likes 'em big. It must be all the corn.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. OPENING HALLWAY - OPENING ELEVATOR
text: The doors open. Everyone in the elevator is at shoulder height to
text: mystery woman. She exits and they stare. As she walks down the
text: hall and a man carrying a computer monitor sees her, drops it,
text: and it shatters on the floor.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CITY ROOM
text: PERRY WHITE sticks his face out of his office.
speaker_heading: PERRY
dialog: (loud)
speaker_heading: KENT!
text: CLARK gets up and heads for PERRY's office.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Why are you so hard on Clark, Lois?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: She's jealous because she's LOIS LANE: ACE
dialog: REPORTER and the story of the century, the
dialog: coming of SUPERMAN, was swooped right out
dialog: from underneath her while she was there; by
dialog: the new guy, the country guy. The nobody who
dialog: went to college at Hicksville University in
dialog: Kansas. The nobody who never had a
dialog: professional gig in his life and not only
dialog: does he manage to sneak a story pass the
dialog: great and powerful Lois Lane, he manages to
dialog: win a Carlin Award in the process...
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: On his first... time... out.
dialog: (Beat, to LOIS)
dialog: Green doesn't become you, Lois.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DAILY PLANET SECURITY BOOTH
text: The WOMAN's image is on a wall of monitors. Five GUARDS are
text: watching her. One signals and two more join them.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CITY ROOM
speaker_heading: LOIS
speaker_heading: (Rant)
dialog: You want to know what it is? This guy is a
dialog: Boy Scout. He doesn't smoke. He doesn't
text: drink. He doesn't swear. He calls his parents
dialog: everyday. If I had to talk to my father
dialog: everyday I'd kill myself. He's honest. He's
dialog: trustworthy. He's moral. Every friend he's
dialog: got he's had since high school and that just
dialog: isn't normal. The guy says grace before his
dialog: meals, eats his vegetables first and drinks
dialog: milk. And that ridiculous hat! Who wears a
dialog: fedora?
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: For Christ's sake, has anyone ever seen him
dialog: use the bathroom?
text: They stare at her like she's a madwoman.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I saw him help old lady Hayworth across the
dialog: street to Berardo's Delicatessen yesterday.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: That is exactly what I mean. Everybody knows
dialog: old lady Hayworth is a cranky bitch.
dialog: (Searching for words)
dialog: He's like some kind of by-the-book moral,
dialog: excellent worker, great writer,
text: seven-year-old in the body of a linebacker
dialog: virgin.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: That's it. You're crazy. I hope your medical
dialog: is paid for.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: (Standing to exit)
dialog: No. There is something else to this guy.
dialog: Things about him we couldn't imagine. Nobody
dialog: eats that much apple pie. I can't put my
dialog: finger on it but you'll know when I do. Kent
dialog: is full of surprises.
text: She turns and is eye level at the chest of the mystery WOMAN.
text: CAMERA cuts to a FULL SHOT of the both of them and the woman
text: (5'11" wearing four inch heels) towering over the 5'7" LOIS.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #2
dialog: I was told I could find Clark Kent here.
text: The WOMAN speaks in a very distinct accent (similar to Greek).
text: Everyone is speechless.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #2
dialog: Clark Kent. He's a reporter.
dialog: More staring.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #2
dialog: This is the City Room, isn't it?
text: PERRY's door open and he and CLARK exit. CLARK sees his guest.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: (Excited)
dialog: Diana!
text: He hugs her. LOIS stares at them both in disbelief.
dialog: WOMAN #2 from here on will be known as DIANA.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I thought I was in the wrong place.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Did you have any trouble getting into town?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I'm okay. I have a pretty good sense of
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: (To everyone)
dialog: Everyone, this is an old friend, Diana.
dialog: (Introductions)
dialog: This is Ron Troupe. Cat Grant our society
dialog: columnist. Jimmy Olsen our favorite
dialog: photographer. And this is Lois Lane.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Clark's told me a lot about you, Miss Lane.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Oh really...
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Let me get my things and we can go. Have a
dialog: seat.
text: CLARK leaves and DIANA sits in his chair. Everyone hovers around
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: So Diana...?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Just... Diana.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: What is it you do?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I'm an ancient history liaison for Marston
dialog: University in Boston.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Is that so?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Mostly Greek history and cultures.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Are you from Smallville?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (Laughing, leans and whispers)
dialog: Do I look like I'm from Smallville?
speaker_heading: CLARK returns.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: I'm ready.
text: DIANA gets up and joins him.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: It was a pleasure meeting you all.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Likewise.
text: CLARK and DIANA exit. PERRY enters in time to see them leaving.
speaker_heading: PERRY
dialog: Geez, where did Kent find the Amazon?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLARK'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The apartment decor is simple. Lots of photos and mementos from
dialog: home, high school football trophies and journalism awards.
text: DIANA's looking at the wall of pictures.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: This one is new.
speaker_heading: clark (OS)
text: (From the kitchen he looks up at a wall and
dialog: answers)
dialog: That's my parents and Lana last Christmas.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: They're such good people.
text: DIANA gently runs her finger over the image of PA KENT with envy.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You know they sent me a Christmas card.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: (Embarrassed)
dialog: I told them you didn't celebrate Christmas.
dialog: You should send them a card when Zeus'
dialog: birthday comes.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I don't think Hallmark makes a card for that.
text: CLARK steps out from the kitchen with a picnic basket.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Ready?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: A little place I know outside the city.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GRASSY PLAINS - NIGHT
text: CLARK and DIANA are sitting on a large blanket eating by the dim
text: light of a lantern. Although we can't see the background, they
text: seem to be in the middle of nowhere with a starlit sky.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Everyone misses you, Clark.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: (Distant)
dialog: Really? That means a lot to me.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You seem distant. What's troubling you,
dialog: Clark?
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: That train. I've caught planes in midair. I
dialog: should have been able to stop that. If
dialog: Metallo hadn't been there those people would
dialog: have died.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: But they didn't. Be glad he was there.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: It's weird because I felt fine before I got
dialog: there and then I just felt so tired.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (Comforting)
dialog: It's okay.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: (Worried)
dialog: It's not okay. I don't get sick. Do you have
dialog: any idea what it takes to make me tired?
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: There was a minute where I thought I was
dialog: going to die with those people.
text: DIANA's face turns serious.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Have you ever thought you were going to die?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (Uneasy at the idea)
dialog: I, I've never considered it.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Me neither. I swear I was going to get
dialog: crushed between those trains. There was a
dialog: minute, not even, a fraction of a second,
dialog: where something inside told me to get out the
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Clark...
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: And then in a split second I justified it
dialog: thinking if I saved myself and let those few
dialog: hundred people die how many more could I save
dialog: in my lifetime? A few thousand? Tens of
dialog: thousands? Would letting a few hundred people
dialog: die be worth saving a few million in the end?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: But you could never do that. Do you think you
dialog: could just let some asteroid drop into the
dialog: middle of downtown and whatever happens,
dialog: happens.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: That's not like you. I know it's a lot of
dialog: pressure but you raise the standard. Hal
dialog: doesn't tell anybody but I can tell he tries
dialog: to run the League like you would. People
dialog: strive to be like you and that's a good
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: I'm afraid one day I'm going to fail them.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: And one day you might. But you can't live in
dialog: fear of that. One day we both might die but
dialog: it isn't how you die that's important... it's
dialog: how you lived.
text: There is a long silence.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: It's nice to have someone who understands.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Anytime, Clark. Anytime.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: This is a really nice spot. I always wondered
dialog: why it's here.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Do you really want to know?
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Nah.
text: The CAMERA pans out and reveals they are sitting in the center of
speaker_heading: STONEHENGE.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. METROPOLIS NUCLEAR FACILITY - CORE MONITORING STATION
text: A TECH is seated behind a large panel of gauges, lights and
text: switches. His feet are propped up on another chair and he's
text: leaning backwards in his chair reading copy of NEWSTIME. Several
text: SUPERVISORS walk past the glass booth and one knocks to get his
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: (Through the glass)
dialog: Don't fall asleep in there, Thomas.
text: TECH nods his head in acknowledgment and goes back to his
dialog: reading.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR #1
speaker_heading: (To SUPERVISOR #2)
dialog: He is such a bookworm.
text: CAMERA pans behind him and we see the PLAYBOY hidden behind the
speaker_heading: NEWSTIME.
text: A siren starts to wail. On the panel, lights flare on and off.
text: TECH drops the magazines. He pulls two massive books from
text: underneath the desk and flops them open reviewing procedures. The
text: SUPERVISORS burst in immediately taking positions on the board
dialog: and making phone calls.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR #1
dialog: What the hell happened?!
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: We have a core breach in sectors seventeen,
dialog: five, sixty-six, seventy-five and
dialog: forty-three.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR #2
dialog: Barrier fifteen will reach maximum potential
dialog: in three minutes. Reserve shields are in
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR #3
dialog: (Holding a telephone)
dialog: It's Damage Control. They want to know can
dialog: you contain it?
text: Extremely long beat.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR #1
dialog: Sound 'em off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUICIDE SLUM - AFTER MIDNIGHT
dialog: Suicide Slum Metropolis' only ghetto and bigger than some towns.
text: The buildings are run down tenements with barred windows. The
text: cars are old and decrepit with exception if the occasional
dialog: gangsta ride that people cross the street to avoid. Unless you
dialog: can protect yourself, you don't walk here at night.
text: On a corner, dozens of youths are hanging out when the sirens
text: begin to wail. They echo through the night like air raid sirens
dialog: from World War II.
text: One by one, everything stops. Cars stop moving. Music stops
text: playing. People stop talking. People sleeping wake and look out
text: their windows to see the commotion. Everyone already outside
text: walks to the center of the street where they can get a clear view
text: of the nuclear power plant visible in the distance at the edge of
dialog: the slum.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLARK KENT'S APARTMENT
text: CLARK, shirtless and in sweatpants, is sleeping alone. In the
text: back of his head, he can hear muffled voices. His eyes flutter
text: beneath his closed lids until the voice becomes clear:
speaker_heading: VOICE (OS)
dialog: --has ruptured and reached threatening levels
dialog: in the Suicide Slum borough of Metropolis-
text: CLARK shoots upright and darts into the living room where the
text: CAMERA centers in on a television tuned to Metropolis' 24 hour
text: news network WGBS. The volume is almost inaudible making the
text: ANCHOR appear to be moving her lips without sound. As the CAMERA
text: pans back out, CLARK's pajamas are on the floor where he was
text: standing. In the background there is an open window with curtains
text: waving from the night air.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUICICE SLUM - NIGHT
text: Panic in the streets as people try to evacuate the area. Cars are
text: gridlocked and the monorails overrun as people force themselves
text: inside pressing the already overcrowded cars tighter. A small
text: RIOT has broken out with people looting while others are trying
dialog: to escape the slum.
text: In a blur, SUPERMAN passes overhead straight for the power plant.
dialog: People stop in their tracks behave themselves reminded there will
dialog: be consequences for their actions.
scene_heading: INT. POWER PLANT
text: Employees are fleeing when SUPERMAN flies through the open doors
text: and over the evacuees. He hits the corners at top speed making
text: virtual 90 degree turns.
scene_heading: INT. CORE MONIORING STATION
text: SUPERMAN appears in a room full of harried MEN in radiation
text: containment suits trying unsuccessfully to control the problem.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: Gentlemen...
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR #3
dialog: Thank God, you're here, Superman. We've lost
dialog: control of the fail-safes and the core is
dialog: ruptured. We'll reach a red zone in less than
dialog: ten minutes.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: What do you need me to do?
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR #1
dialog: The core functions with Uranium 238 rods
dialog: surrounded with water--
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: --Creating steam which powers turbines
dialog: creating the electricity.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: I really haven't got time for the science
dialog: lesson.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR #1
dialog: (Stunned)
dialog: The containment systems and backup systems
dialog: have gone off-line.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: How old is this plant?
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR #1
dialog: It was built in 1984.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: Then I assume you're using Barium and lead
dialog: shielding to contain the radiation?
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR #1
dialog: Yes. If you can manually force the fail-safe
dialog: shields back into place we can control the
dialog: rupture from here. If not, radioactive steam
dialog: forces the chamber to depressurize and there
dialog: are going to be a lot of dead people in this
dialog: city.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: Not tonight.
dialog: (Leaving)
dialog: Yell when the shields are in place. I'll be
dialog: listing for you.
scene_heading: INT. NUCLEAR CORE
text: SUPERMAN enters the core and begins to push the shields into
dialog: place.
scene_heading: INT. CORE MONITORING STATION
text: The men are watching his progress on a series of monitors. One of
text: the graphics representing a shield slides into place.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR #3
dialog: He's doing it!
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR #1
dialog: This is amazing! Nobody can survive that much
dialog: radiation!
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR #3
dialog: Come on. Come on.
text: A few more lights go positive on the monitor and one gets halfway
text: into place and stops.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR #2
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR #1
dialog: Maybe the radiation got to him?
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR #2
dialog: No. The computer must be malfunctioning from
dialog: the heat.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR #3
dialog: That's not possible.
text: SUPERVISOR #3 panics and hits the panels and nothing changes.
text: There is a long silence and nothing. Suddenly the monitors show
text: the panels being slid into place.
text: The men cheer. The computer returns to its normal mode. The
dialog: disaster averted.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUICIDE SLUM STREET - NIGHT
text: The sirens stop and people begin to cheer and shout SUPERMAN's
dialog: name and praises.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NUCLEAR CORE ENTRANCE
text: The three MEN rush to the entrance and two of them pull the
text: vault-like door open as a figure steps from the core.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: Thank God, Superm-
text: SUPERVISOR stops in mid-sentence. The figure steps into the light
text: and it's METALLO. In his arms is SUPERMAN. His face pale and body
text: limp. His uniform is darkened and tattered.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: VARIOUS TELECASTS
text: There is a slow fade in from black with voices becoming clear
text: before the image. The following series of telecasts blend into
text: each other between scenes of them being watched by people
dialog: worldwide.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR #1
dialog: ... conflicting reports from around the globe...
text: A couple watching TV in the morning. The WIFE stops in the middle
dialog: of making breakfast to listen.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR #2
dialog: ... of a near-nuclear meltdown in Metropolis...
text: Crowds of people gather in an airport around a television.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR #3
dialog: ... at 3am this morning...
text: Inmates at Blackgate Maximum Security Prison are quiet in the
dialog: cafeteria...
speaker_heading: ANCHOR #4
dialog: ... sources are unable to clarify the cause of
dialog: the accident...
text: Generals gathered at the Pentagon watching of massive screens.
text: Astronauts in the space shuttle listen.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR #5
dialog: ... but what is known at this time is Superman
dialog: appeared...
text: A young red-haired woman with glasses in a wheelchair behind a
text: several dozen computer monitors in a state-of-the-art information
dialog: center.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR #6
dialog: ... and attempted to shut down the reactor...
text: Children watching televisions in classrooms.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR #7
dialog: ... other details are sketchy...
text: ANGELA CHEN and the other members of the WGBS television station.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR #8
dialog: ... some stating Superman was unable to contain
dialog: the leakage...
text: GUARDS and DOCTORS at Arkham Asylum.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR #9
dialog: ... and was assisted by Metallo, another hero
dialog: who appeared in Metropolis several weeks ago...
scene_heading: METROPOLIS MAYOR FRANK BERKOWICZ and DEPUTY MAYOR MICHAEL WALKER.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR #1
dialog: ... and has since built a very loyal following...
text: PERRY WHITE and other members of the DAILY PLANET listen.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR #11
dialog: ... among these rumors are Metallo rescued a
dialog: fallen Superman from the destructive core...
text: LEX LUTHOR in his bedroom with a marvelous view of the city. In
text: the bed is one of his various BIMBOS filing her nails while
text: LUTHOR concentrates on the telecast from wall of televisions
text: which combine making a single image.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR #12
dialog: ...and another disturbing piece, that we would
dialog: like to stress has not been confirmed or
dialog: denied is...
text: MA and PA KENT holding each other's hands, each filled with
dialog: dread.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR #13
dialog: ...Superman is dead.
dialog: SLOW FADE TO BLACK AND THEN SNAP TO:
scene_heading: INT. STAR LABS
text: PROFESSOR EMIL HAMILTON is barely awake. He's been working
text: non-stop and it's taken its toll on him. In the background is an
text: EKG machine with an extremely slow heartbeat. The pattern skips a
text: beat and catches the next one. The pattern quickens and becomes
dialog: irregular.
text: HAMILTON looks up. He grabs the telephone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: WGBS NEWSCAST
speaker_heading: ANCHOR #14
dialog: (Listening to his earpiece)
dialog: ... wait, wait. This just in. SUPERMAN IS
dialog: ALIVE! I REPEAT, SUPERMAN IS ALIVE! REPORTS
scene_heading: OF HIS DEATH HAVE BEEN EXAGGERATED. SUPERMAN
dialog: IS ALIVE!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: VARIOUS SHOTS
text: PEOPLE in the previous scenes REJOICE, as do people worldwide...
text: Except LUTHOR who fumes while he can hear his employees cheering
dialog: in the halls.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STAR LABS
text: SUPERMAN sits upright and peels the monitoring tabs from his
text: body. HAMILTON rushes to his side.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: (Very weak)
dialog: How did I get here?
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: They took you to the hospital and broke six
text: needles trying to get a blood sample. They
dialog: gave up and brought you to me.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: Are the people safe?
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: Everyone is fine. Metallo shut the reactor
dialog: down and saved you.
text: SUPERMAN gives him a look of surprise and disgust that he failed
dialog: at the same time.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: I have to get out of here.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: Superman, you're very weak. I'd like to run
dialog: some more tests.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: I'm sorry, Professor, but I haven't got time
dialog: for that.
text: SUPERMAN staggers across the room and exits. People stare as he
text: exits the elevator, a shadow of his former self, and exits the
dialog: front door.
scene_heading: EXT. STAR LABS - DAY
text: SUPERMAN moves across the pavement, lifts his hands in the air
text: and gently rises into the sky. His movements are concentrated and
dialog: not fluid. He is like someone sick trying to accomplish basic
dialog: tasks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SMALLVILLE, KANSAS - LANA LANG'S HOME
text: LANA is watching the news with her feet curled beneath her and
text: clutching a pillow.
text: A tap at the balcony window startles her. Outside is SUPERMAN,
text: hovering in the air. He looks much better than he did earlier.
text: LANA tosses balcony window open and leaps out into SUPERMAN's
text: arms with no concern for her safety. He holds her thirty feet
text: above the grassy lawn.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: They said you were dead.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: I'm not.
text: Gently he floats to the balcony and carries her inside.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: Lana, may I stay here with you for awhile?
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Sure, Clark. Is everything all right?
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: I just need some time away.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: I'm so glad you came.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MAYORAL TELECAST
text: Members of the press are gathered. DEPUTY MAYOR MICHAEL WALKER
text: steps up to the podium.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, MAYOR Frank Berkowicz.
text: MAYOR FRANK BERKOWICZ takes his place.
speaker_heading: BERKOWICZ
dialog: I appreciate your coming on such short
dialog: notice. I will try to make this brief. These
dialog: are the facts: This morning, there was an
dialog: unidentified malfunction at the Shuster
text: Nuclear Facility. Attempting to stop a
dialog: possible meltdown, Superman was rendered
dialog: unconscious. The state of his condition was
dialog: not known then and is still unclear. Metallo
dialog: rescued Superman from the nuclear core of the
dialog: facility and possible death.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: For that we are all grateful. At this time I
dialog: would like to extend my personal gratitude,
dialog: as well as that of the great city of
dialog: Metropolis, to Metallo, for averting disaster
dialog: and saving our friend.
text: Double doors in the back of the conference room swing open and
text: METALLO strides down the aisle to the podium. Cameras barrage him
text: with flashes. He shakes the MAYOR's hand and steps behind the
dialog: podium for a few words.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LANA LANG'S HOME (SMALLVILLE KS)
text: CLARK and LANA are sitting on the sofa watching the broadcast.
text: CLARK is dressed in his normal clothes sans glasses.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: I feel so... incompetent.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Maybe you should stay here... with me.
text: The telephone rings and LANA answers it.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: (On phone)
dialog: Hello. Yes, I was watching it just now.
text: She mouths "It's your mother," to CLARK. He motions not to let
dialog: her know he's there.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: (On phone)
dialog: Sure, Mrs Kent. I don't know either. Well,
dialog: you know I will. Okay, give Mr Kent my best.
dialog: Bye.
dialog: (Hangs up phone)
dialog: Arrggghhhh! I hate lying to your mother. I
dialog: feel so guilty.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: She knows what happened. If she knows I'm
dialog: here she's not going to want me to go back.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: (Disappointed)
dialog: So I guess this means you aren't staying?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: NEWS BROADCAST "ACTION COMMENTS FEATURING SUPERMAN"
text: CLOSE on ANGELA CHEN, the host.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Welcome to a special edition of Action
dialog: Comments. I'm your host, Angela Chen. With
dialog: the near-disaster that took place several
dialog: days ago, a debate has emerged regarding
dialog: Metropolis' questionable power source. Our
dialog: special guest for the hour is Metropolis'
dialog: other favorite son, millionaire industrialist
dialog: Lex Luthor.
text: The CAMERA snaps to a TWO SHOT putting an insulted LUTHOR in the
dialog: frame.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Billionaire.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (Embarrassed)
dialog: Oh, I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: A common error.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I would like to give a special thanks to
dialog: Mister Luthor who not only agreed to this
dialog: interview, but also permitted us to telecast
text: from one of his soundstages in the LexCorp
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: I would have been happy to join you downtown
dialog: but in light of recent (ah-hem) incidents,
dialog: one can never be too careful.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: It's our pleasure, Mister Luthor.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Now it's your opinion this whole incident
dialog: could have been avoided.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Several months ago my engineers at LexCorp
dialog: developed a revolutionary energy source. This
dialog: source is able to produce the same results as
dialog: a nuclear facility without the ugly side
dialog: effects the citizens of Metropolis came so
text: close to experiencing first hand.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Without the chance of a hazardous leak?
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: None whatsoever. Our energy source is devised
dialog: by splitting atomic particles and then
dialog: harnessing that energy.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Nevertheless, if you have eliminated the
dialog: radioactive side effect, then you aren't
dialog: splitting uranium or any other radioactive
dialog: element.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Precisely.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Then what are you splitting?
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Now Angela, if I had a dime for every time
dialog: someone asked me how I did something I'd be a
dialog: millionaire.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: But you are a billionaire.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: You catch on quick.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (Reaching to the side and getting a report)
dialog: This is a report from the Metropolis Energy
dialog: Commission in which they reviewed your
dialog: proposal. They objected to your not allowing
dialog: the energy source to be tested by an outside
dialog: safety committee or revealing the source of
dialog: the energy.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Angela, you don't look into the face of God
dialog: and ask him how he makes air. You should just
dialog: be glad it's there.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Let it be known there were only two people on
dialog: that panel that oppose me and refused to move
dialog: into the twenty first century.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Then there is an issue of price. This energy
dialog: would cost the citizens of Metropolis three
dialog: times what they are currently being charged.
dialog: Do you think this is fair?
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Things cost money. Power plants cost money.
dialog: Research costs money. Skilled EMPLOYEEs cost
dialog: money. Your children's safety costs money.
dialog: People will say it's a lot of money but I can
dialog: guarantee the people at Love Canal, Three
dialog: Mile Island and Chernobyl wish they had that
dialog: option. In fact, I bet there are people in
dialog: Suicide Slum tonight that would pay for that
dialog: option.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: But aren't you afraid people will look at
dialog: this as a case of the rich getting richer?
dialog: Don't you have a duty as a human being to-
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: I want the best for my city, Miss Chen. I'm a
dialog: business man, let Simon Carr and Ted Kord be
dialog: philanthropists and humanitarians.
dialog: I have always thought Metropolis was on the
dialog: forefront of technology and many of those
dialog: advancements come from LexCorp.
dialog: They don't call Metropolis "America's City"
dialog: for nothing. We are not the standard and
dialog: never should accept that position. We are the
dialog: example and if my beloved city refuses to
dialog: look at the future because of a few extra
dialog: pennies, then I think it's a sad day in
dialog: Metropolis. How many more meltdowns do we
dialog: have to incur before we realize safety is our
dialog: responsibility and not that of some stranger
text: in his underwear.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Whoa! That almost sounded like an attack on
dialog: Superman.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Let me just thank God for Metallo because
dialog: without him there would be a few hundred
dialog: thousand dead people MAYOR Berkowicz would
dialog: have to account for.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Well, in an opinion poll taken this
dialog: afternoon, citizens were asked who they would
dialog: depend on in a crisis and an overwhelming
dialog: eighty-two percent still said they would side
dialog: with Superman. I think it may be a little
dialog: premat--
speaker_heading: S M A S H!
text: The image, revealed to be on a television, dies. Inside the
text: cracked screen is an empty liquor bottle.
speaker_heading: METALLO (OS)
dialog: WHAT THE HELL?!
text: METALLO is on a huge sofa with five scantily clad BIMBOS trying
text: to caress a piece of him. The furnishings in the massive room
text: reek of money. The wall-sized windows overlook the nightlit city.
text: Along the floor are liquor bottles and empty plates where METALLO
dialog: has been treated like a king.
text: His demeanor is 180 degrees different than what it was earlier.
text: He is loud, thuggish and belligerent.
speaker_heading: BIMBO #1
dialog: Oh John, what did you have to go and do that
dialog: for? That's the third set this week.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: I can't stand this crap! Everywhere I go it's
dialog: Superman save me and Superman you're my hero!
dialog: How many people do I have to save?! How much
dialog: of this do I have to put up with?!
text: BIMBO #1 can be heard in the background ordering a new
dialog: television.
speaker_heading: BIMBO #2
dialog: I don't know what that Chen girl likes but I
dialog: think you're so much sexier than Superman.
dialog: Capes are so out this year. Besides,
dialog: everybody knows nice boys finish last, and
dialog: more importantly, are so bo-ring.
speaker_heading: BIMBO #3
dialog: Come on, John. Let's go in the back and we
dialog: can take your mind of things.
text: She nuzzles his neck. BIMBO #2 starts unbuttoning his shirt and
text: kissing his chest. It makes him uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: BIMBO #3
dialog: Doesn't that feel good?
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: NO!
text: He bucks them both onto the floor.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: It doesn't feel like anything! I can't feel
dialog: anything! I can't smell anything!
text: (He kicks a plate of food across the floor)
dialog: I can't taste anything! And I am sick of
dialog: being second to that blue idiot! I'm just a
dialog: shell of a man and I got nothing!
dialog: (Long Beat)
dialog: Me and Luthor gotta have a talk.
text: METALLO stands up and BIMBO #4 hangs on him.
speaker_heading: BIMBO #4
dialog: Don't go anywhere, Johnny Baby. Stay here
dialog: with us.
text: Picks BIMBO #4 up with one hand and tosses her through the air
text: onto a sofa.
text: METALLO storms from the room. The BIMBOS all get very serious.
dialog: They aren't as dumb as the pretend and their real purpose is
text: keeping METALLO docile. BIMBO #5 picks up the telephone.
speaker_heading: BIMBO #5
dialog: Security? He's out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEXCORP TELEVISION STUDIO
text: LUTHOR and ANGELA CHEN are going to commercial.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: --after these messages.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (OS)
dialog: And we're off. Seventy seconds people.
text: MAKE-UP people rush the two and touch up the make-up. LUTHOR's
text: cell phone rings. He motions the MAKE-UP people away and answers
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Yes. How long ago? Very well.
dialog: (Dialing another number)
text: Mercy, he's on his way. Maneuver six.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEHIND THE CAMERA
text: MERCY GRAVES is standing to the side watching the broadcast.
speaker_heading: MERCY
dialog: (Into a cufflink microphone)
dialog: Yes, Mister Luthor.
text: She leaves the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Four SECURITY GUARDS scramble through the hall to meet METALLO.
text: The elevator door opens revealing the hulking METALLO.
speaker_heading: SECURITY #1
speaker_heading: (To METALLO)
dialog: Sir, I'm going to have to ask-
text: METALLO lifts him and throws him THROUGH THE AIR. He hits the
text: floor and slides into a wall.
text: He grabs another and lifts him over his head knocking ceiling
text: tiles down with his feet as he turns and drops him.
text: He takes another and pushes him into a wall denting the plaster
text: rendering him unconscious. His limp body hangs in the broken
text: plaster for a few seconds and drops.
text: The last GUARD draws his gun and fires into METALLO's back.
text: METALLO turns. The GUARD fires Repeatedly.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Is that the best Luthor's got?
text: METALLO pushes him aside and he slides across the tiles and stops
text: at the feet of MERCY GRAVES.
text: METALLO walks over the bodies to pass MERCY. She raises her hand
dialog: for him to halt.
text: His hulking mass makes her look even smaller than she is. There
text: is fury in METALLO's eyes and no fear in MERCY's.
text: MERCY calmly reaches into her pocket, retrieves a small remote
dialog: control with one button.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: You gotta be shittin' me.
text: She shows it to METALLO, and then presses the button.
text: METALLO lets out a quick scream and is silenced. He doubles over
text: and drops to his knees in excruciating pain.
text: LUTHOR's voice is heard through her earpiece.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR (VO)
dialog: Mercy, is our guest under control?
speaker_heading: MERCY
dialog: Yes, Mister Luthor.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR (VO)
dialog: Good. Prepare him for company. I'll be up in
dialog: a minute.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEXCORP PENTHOUSE - METALLO'S QUARTERS
text: METALLO is seated in a large metal chair with thick, modified
text: manacles on his wrists and ankles. He's immobile except from the
text: neck up. His face strains as he tries to break free.
text: The doors are tossed open and LUTHOR saunters to the bar and
text: makes himself a drink.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: John Corben. I have to say I thought our
dialog: working relationship up to this point had
dialog: been quite complimentary. You really must
dialog: learn how to behave when you're a guest in
dialog: someone's home.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: What have you done to me, Luthor?
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: The same thing I do to everyone.
dialog: (Facing him)
dialog: I control you.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Of course with you, it isn't something as
dialog: easy as slush funds or threatening your
dialog: family. You're special. I had to have
dialog: equipment built, satellites to monitor you
dialog: etcetera etcetera etcetera.
text: LUTHOR walks over and taps the manacles with a new sterling
dialog: silver pen.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: You didn't think I was going to spend a few
dialog: billion dollars to make you the most powerful
dialog: THUG on Earth just to watch you walk away
dialog: when you got bored, did you? It's all
dialog: planning, my boy. That's why I am who I am
dialog: and you are...
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Well, why you're stuck in that ridiculous
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Nobody treats John Corben like a chump.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Pay attention you idiot, I am treating you
dialog: like a chump because, I don't know if you
dialog: noticed or not, you are the chump. Without
dialog: me, you're nothing.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Without you, I'd still be man! I can't feel
dialog: anything! The heat, the cold, nothing! I
dialog: can't smell! I can't taste! Everything sounds
dialog: funny. Nothing looks right. I can't stand
dialog: this! You've made me into some kind of freak!
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: (Furious)
dialog: I saved your life! If I hadn't invested in
dialog: you, you would be a two-bit dead assassin and
dialog: petty thief.
text: LUTHOR turns to leave.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: This isn't over, Luthor.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: (Furious)
dialog: Is that a threat?
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Why don't you call one of your lawyers and
dialog: have them figure it out?
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Better yet, why don't I call my technicians
dialog: and have them take you apart one piece at a
dialog: time?
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Bitch bitch bitch. Moan moan moan. You're
text: alive and as jarring as it may be, it still
dialog: beats the hell out of the alternative...
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: ...Which is still an option.
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: John Corben, you are alive because I want you
dialog: that way and when or if I decide otherwise,
dialog: there is nothing on this planet than can save
dialog: you. Is that clear?
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: (Reluctantly)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Excellent. Now I'll let you go if you promise
dialog: to behave and cooperate as agreed.
text: METALLO nods. LUTHOR has the remote MERCY had earlier and
text: switches him "on." METALLO stands and breaks free of the manacles
text: that drop to the floor with a metallic clang.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Now if you'll excuse me, I have business to
dialog: attend to.
text: LUTHOR turns before exiting.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: And John, you may be a shell of your former
dialog: self and you may be my pawn...
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: ...but at least you have your health.
text: LUTHOR leaves. METALLO, furious, picks up the metal chair and
dialog: tears it in half.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: INT. METALLO'S PENTHOUSE
text: TIME LAPSE: METALLO paces the room pondering his situation.
text: METALLO exits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: METALLO walks the halls with a mission. People cross to get out
dialog: of his way.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEXCORP COMMUNICATIONS CENTER
text: The door slides open and METALLO enters. The room is covered with
text: wall-to-wall state-of-the-art technology. There are several TECHS
text: wandering about manning their stations. One sees METALLO and
text: approaches him.
speaker_heading: TECH #1
dialog: Sir, this area is authorized personnel only.
dialog: (Recognizes him)
dialog: You're Metallo.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: (Polite)
dialog: Yes, I am.
speaker_heading: TECH #1
dialog: I didn't know you were in the building.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: I'm a guest of Mister Luthor.
speaker_heading: TECH #1
dialog: Well it sure is pleasure to meet you, sir. I
dialog: saw what you did with the chemical fire on
dialog: the East Side. My brother lives there and
dialog: it's appreciated.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: No problem. I was bored so I've been
dialog: wandering the building. I just wanted to look
dialog: around. Is that okay?
speaker_heading: TECH #1
dialog: Sure. We aren't accustomed to having guests
dialog: but I can give you the nickel tour.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: What is all this?
speaker_heading: TECH #1
dialog: This is the Communication Center for LexCorp.
dialog: From here we keep in contact with the
dialog: affiliates in Atlanta, New York, Tokyo, Coast
dialog: City, Sydney, London and another three dozen
dialog: cities worldwide. Mister Luthor can control
dialog: information from his own private network as
dialog: well as the sixty-eight satellites he has in
text: orbit around the planet and on reconnaissance
dialog: missions through space.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Pretty impressive.
speaker_heading: TECH #1
dialog: State-of-the-art. When NASA and NORAD
dialog: upgraded they came to Mister Luthor. There
dialog: isn't another system close to this on Earth.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: I guess all this is pretty expensive.
speaker_heading: TECH #2
dialog: Most of it is prototype. Some of it designed
dialog: by Mister Luthor himself and only he knows
dialog: the specs.
dialog: (Whispering)
dialog: He's something of a paranoid and doesn't like
dialog: to depend on others for designs.
dialog: (Beat)
text: Most of it is irreplaceable.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Good.
text: METALLO pushes a TECH out of the way, RIPS A 25" MONITOR FROM THE
text: WALL and lifts it over his head showering him in sparks. All the
text: TECHS scramble for safety.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Some TECHS in his way run for cover. METALLO throws the monitor
text: and destroys a panel of computer banks.
speaker_heading: TECH #2
dialog: Somebody call Mister Luthor!
text: He begins to trash the room ripping components from the walls and
text: flipping work stations over. Fires flare and components explode.
text: A TECH, cowering behind some equipment, reaches out and presses a
dialog: button.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEXCORP SECURITY
text: A SIREN wails accompanied by FLASHING RED LIGHTS. SECURITY MEN
text: scramble for the COMMUNICATION CENTER.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: The SECURITY TEAM passes several intersecting hallways. MERCY
text: GRAVES comes out of one and joins them.
text: METALLO rounds a corner to find MERCY and her men waiting for
text: him. She is in the forefront. The TEAM is kneeling with rifles.
text: MERCY is holding out his remote.
dialog: He pauses.
text: She presses the button.
text: METALLO is still standing. She presses the button again. Nothing.
text: A look of fear sweeps over her face as METALLO gently takes the
text: box from her hands and crushes it in his fist.
speaker_heading: MERCY
dialog: (Quiet)
dialog: Shit.
text: He lifts MERCY and tosses her.
text: The SECURITY TEAM opens fire riddling METALLO with bullets.
dialog: METALLO charges them.
speaker_heading: SNAP CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LUTHOR'S PENTHOUSE
text: LUTHOR is in bed with another anonymous BIMBO when the videophone
text: rings. Annoyed, he sits and answers it.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SECURITY
dialog: Mister Luthor, there's been a problem.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: What kind of problem?
speaker_heading: SECURITY
dialog: You better just come down here.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEXCORP LOBBY
text: LUTHOR enters what looks like a battlezone. The walls are on fire
text: and riddled with bulletholes. There is a LEXCORP MEDICAL TEAM
dialog: attending to the wounded.
text: Furiously, LUTHOR looks for someone to blame.
speaker_heading: SECURITY
dialog: We did the best we could. We barricaded the
text: exits to contain him.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Then where is he?
text: SECURITY GUARD points OFF CAMERA and LUTHOR turns as the CAMERA
text: pans revealing a door-sized hole in the wall.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JUMPERS BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: JUMPERS BRIDGE is the entrance to SUICIDE SLUM. METALLO walks
text: across the desolate bridge, occasionally being passed by
dialog: vehicles.
scene_heading: EXT. SUICIDE SLUM MAIN STREET - NIGHT
text: Despite the hour, there are people, drug dealers, gangs and
text: hookers wandering the streets. He walks into the center of the
text: main strip. Traffic stops around him and comes screeching to a
text: halt. Horns start to blare and people become irate that he
text: refuses to move. A crowd starts to gather.
text: A car screeches to a halt barely missing him.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: WHAT THE HELL IS YOUR PROBLEM?!
text: METALLO reaches under the front end of the car and flips it over
text: landing it on its top.
text: People are too frightened to move but the noise stops.
text: His voice, which starts as a low roar and escalates without
dialog: effort.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: (Bellowing and building)
dialog: GET OUT!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SMALLVILLE GENERAL MARKET (6AM)
text: CLARK is getting groceries. The market owner, METCALF, spots
text: CLARK behind the shelves.
speaker_heading: METCALF
dialog: Clark? Is that Clark Kent?
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Hi, Mister Metcalf.
text: Excitedly, he comes around the counter and shakes his hand.
speaker_heading: MERCALF
dialog: I don't think I've seen you since you went
dialog: off to the big city to be reporter.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: That's not true. You saw me last Christmas.
speaker_heading: METCALF
dialog: Then it just feels like forever. You know, I
dialog: bet we're the only store in all of Kansas
dialog: that gets the Daily Planet sent in everyday.
dialog: Granted, it gets here two days late but it's
dialog: the effort that counts.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: I appreciate that.
speaker_heading: METCALF
dialog: Where are your folks?
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: They're probably at home. They don't know I'm
dialog: here. It's kind of a surprise.
text: CLARK hands him some money and METCALF gives him change.
speaker_heading: METCALF
dialog: I get it. Mums the word. You take care.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: I will.
scene_heading: EXT. GENERAL STORE - DAWN
text: CLARK exits and LANA is in her truck listening to the radio,
text: singing and tapping the steering wheel like drums. He gets in the
dialog: passenger side.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. APPROACHING LANA'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: On the radio are SONNY & CHER. LANA is singing along. CLARK much more shy.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: (Singing)
dialog: ...before it's earned our money's all been
dialog: spent.
speaker_heading: (To CLARK)
dialog: Come on, Clark.
dialog: (Coaching)
dialog: "Put your little hand in mine."
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: (Singing badly)
dialog: Put your little hand in mine. Ain't no hill
dialog: or mountain, we can't climb.
speaker_heading: CLARK & LANA
dialog: (Singing)
dialog: Babe, I got you, babe. I got you, babe.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: (Loosening up)
dialog: I got you, babe.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: (Singing)
dialog: I got you, babe.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: If you've got me, who's got you?
text: LANA laughs.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: (Singing)
dialog: I got you, babe.
text: The car pulls into her driveway. CLARK carries the groceries
text: inside as LANA is still humming the song.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LANA'S KITCHEN
text: CLARK puts the groceries up while LANA turns on the television.
text: Her humming stops. Without being called, CLARK comes out of the
dialog: kitchen.
text: On the television is a LIVE broadcast of Metropolis where a city
text: block has been devastated. Behind the reporter are barricades and
text: what looks like hundreds of POLICE in riot gear swarming into the
text: area. In the center of it all is METALLO.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (VO)
dialog: ...don't understand. We're a safe distance but
dialog: that's uncertain since Metallo has been seen
dialog: to toss various debris, some the size of
dialog: cars, several blocks...
text: LANA changes the channel and the same scene is shown from a
text: helicopter POV.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (VO)
dialog: ...just tuning in, Metallo, who only days ago
dialog: prevented a meltdown and saved hundreds of
dialog: thousands of lives in Metropolis' Suicide
dialog: Slum, came in this morning and ordered,
dialog: repeat ordered, it's citizens to evacuate as
dialog: he then took over the fifteen square mile
dialog: project...
text: She changes the channel again.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (VO)
dialog: ...declared Suicide Slum his property and said,
dialog: and we quote, "whoever wants it can come and
dialog: get it," and then forced its inhabitants out
dialog: of their homes...
dialog: Another channel.
speaker_heading: reporter (VO)
dialog: ...luckily, most of the people in the area have
dialog: not returned since the nuclear scare days
dialog: ago...
dialog: Another channel.
speaker_heading: reporter (VO)
dialog: ...Berkowicz has called in the Metropolis
dialog: Special Crimes Unit and is in contact with
dialog: the Governor requesting National Guard
dialog: assistance in the absence of Superman...
text: The CAMERA is close on CLARK's stunned face and then pans forward
text: revealing LANA looking at him.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: I have to go.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: Why does it always have to be you, Clark?
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Because I'm the only one who can.
text: CLARK leans in, LANA closes her eyes and he gives her a long
dialog: passionate kiss.
text: While her eyes are closed, there is a burst of wind through the
text: house that rattles the walls. She opens her eyes to see pictures
text: shifting on their nails and the front door flung wide open
text: flapping on its hinges.
text: She runs to the front lawn and looks skyward and he's gone.
text: CLARK's POV: On her lawn, she looks tiny.
speaker_heading: LANA
dialog: (Shouting)
speaker_heading: BE CAREFUL, CLARK!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEXCORP COMMUNICATIONS CENTER
text: The center is in shambles after the METALLO incident. LUTHOR
text: enters and a TECH is immediately at his side.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Damage report.
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: Metallo destroyed the majority of the
dialog: Communication nerve center. We've lost
dialog: contact with seventy-two percent of our
dialog: affiliates.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Why wasn't he shut down?
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: He managed to destroy enough hardware
dialog: including our links to LexSats eight, six,
dialog: fifty-one, forty-seven, five, fifteen and
dialog: ninety-one including the-
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: --Satellite that monitors activity in
text: Metropolis. He broke his leash.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: I need this online now.
speaker_heading: TECH
text: There's a space shuttle preparing for launch
dialog: from a site in Corto Maltese to regrid the
dialog: satellites signals to operating stations.
dialog: They should be ready in fifteen minutes. NASA
dialog: has been trying to block it as an
dialog: unauthorized launch.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: NASA can go to hell.
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: Fifty percent of the hardware should be back
dialog: online within five hours.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: If that's your best, your best won't do.
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: Sir, we've already doubled our staff.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: (Angry)
text: Metallo is tearing up a city block and every
text: COP in the state is about to take a shot at
dialog: him. I'm not about to have my investment
text: taken out by a bunch of grunts with cheap
dialog: metal badges! Either this system is online
dialog: within the hour or you answer to me!
text: LUTHOR walks away.
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: We will triple our efforts, sir.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUICIDE SLUM STREET - DAWN
text: Concrete chunks have been torn out of the street. Cars are over
text: turned on their sides and on fire along with various other
text: debris. Holes have been punched through buildings leaving their
text: insides visible from the street. Scattered along the streets are
text: the bodies of fallen POLICE OFFICERS and CITIZENS who got in the
dialog: way.
text: Among it all is METALLO. Barely worn and in a frenzy.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY BENEATH SUICIDE SLUM
text: PEOPLE crush into the subway trying to escape the escalating
text: damage above them. Fighting their way through the mass of PEOPLE
text: are LOIS LANE with JIMMY OLSEN in tow. They are the only people
text: fighting to get in SUICIDE SLUM.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Come on, Jimmy!
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I don't think this is a good idea, Miss Lane.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Front seat at the fight of the century is
dialog: always a good idea!
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: But nobody's seen Superman in days.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: What does that have to do with anything?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: If nobody's seen Superman then who's gonna
dialog: save us if something goes wrong?
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: What are you talking about? Superman doesn't
dialog: always save us.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Yes, he does. Especially you.
dialog: LOIS pauses. She's never considered that.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Let's go.
text: They force their way through the masses.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETSIDE
text: LOIS and JIMMY emerge onto the street and find themselves in the
text: middle of a firefight.
text: LOIS ducks while JIMMY's starts clicking away.
text: The METROPOLIS SPECIAL CRIMES UNIT (SCU) arrives.
text: Six HUMVEE-like RIOT VEHICLES roll onto the site. They have thick
text: armor plates that extend the length of the vehicle attached their
text: sides with hydraulic arms. Three barricade one side of the block
text: and the other three the opposing side. The hydraulic arms lower
text: the armored plates to the ground with a thud. A back door drops
text: open forming a ramp and simultaneously SCU TROOPERS hustle from
text: the transports and take cover behind the plates. The TROOPERS are
text: dressed in SWAT/Military black uniforms with a large white "SCU"
dialog: insignia and various technical modifications (radios, helmets,
dialog: goggles).
text: Leading them is SCU Commander CAPTAIN MAGGIE SAWYER along with
text: DAN TURPIN (her second in command). They are also dressed in
text: black fatigues. SAWYER has short brown hair and a lack of
text: femininity. TURPIN is a gruff, seasoned veteran of the force in
dialog: his late 40s.
speaker_heading: TROOPER #1
dialog: (To SAWYER over the noise)
dialog: Sir, ground force is in place and air support
dialog: is standing by!
speaker_heading: SAWYER
dialog: Drop 'em!
text: OVERHEAD, BLACK METROPOLIS SCU HELICOPTERS fly overhead and hover
text: above the tenements as SCU TROOPERS repel to the rooftops. With
text: their weapons strapped to their backs, they scurry into positions
text: overlooking the street.
speaker_heading: TROOPER #1
dialog: The eye in the sky is armed and ready, sir!
speaker_heading: SAWYER
speaker_heading: (In MEGAPHONE)
dialog: METALLO! You're surrounded! Throw down your
dialog: weapons and step into the open!
text: METALLO looks around him and holds his arms out.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: You see any weapons?!
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Jesus, he did all that by himself?
speaker_heading: SAWYER
speaker_heading: (To METALLO)
dialog: Surrender, Metallo! You don't have a chance!
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Then come and get me.
speaker_heading: SAWYER
speaker_heading: (To METALLO)
dialog: This is your last chance! I am counting to
dialog: three!
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: ONE!
dialog: (Beat)
speaker_heading: TWO!
text: METALLO picks up a motorcycle and hurls it through the air at
speaker_heading: SAWYER.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: INCOMING!
text: TROOPERS scatter for their lives. The cycle crashes into a RIOT
speaker_heading: VEHICLE and EXPLODES.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: (To himself)
dialog: Three.
speaker_heading: SAWYER
dialog: (In radio)
text: GROUND TROOPS! OPEN FIRE!
text: TROOPERS pop up from behind their cover and begin a nonstop
text: barrage of bullet fire that doesn't phase him. He starts smiling.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: He ain't droppin'.
text: Several grenades are thrown and explode around him. He catches
text: one and it explodes in his fist. METALLO walks to the barricade.
text: TROOPERS fire furiously at him as he grabs one and lifts him over
text: the four foot barricade, tossing the TROOPER into the middle of
text: the street. METALLO pushes the barricade over and several
text: TROOPERS run but one is caught under its falling weight.
text: FIRE TROOPER comes with a flame thrower.
speaker_heading: FIRE TROOPER
speaker_heading: CLEAR!
text: METALLO turns as the fire blast engulfs him. The sixty foot blast
text: makes visibility almost zero. METALLO appears through the flames
text: and crimps the flame thrower nozzle causing the fire to draw
text: inside. The fuel tank on FIRE TROOPER's back explodes, killing
dialog: him.
text: When METALLO emerges from the fire his flesh is burned but is
text: causing him no pain. Parts of it don't even look attached to his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Maggie we are getting our butts handed to us!
speaker_heading: SAWYER
dialog: (In radio)
scene_heading: ALL UNITS! EXERCISE DEADLY PHYSICAL FORCE AT
dialog: YOUR OWN DISCRETION! I REPEAT: TAKE THIS PUNK
speaker_heading: DOWN!
text: WEAPONS ERUPT from all directions. METALLO picks up a rifle and
text: starts shooting TROOOPERS. When his clip is empty, he starts
text: tossing MEN with reckless abandon.
text: Rooftop SNIPERS, frustrated, toss their guns to the side and open
text: their ROCKET LAUNCHERS. ROCKETS whistle through the air exploding
text: near METALLO knocking him off balance. When he falls, the
text: TROOPERS are given hope and suddenly what seems like dozens of
text: rockets are exploding around him.
text: A rocket zooms directly at the back of his head and he turns and
text: CATCHES IT. The end is hot and there's a long exhaust trail. He
text: holds it over his head and screams. The exhaust flame stops.
text: METALLO hurls the rocket back to the rooftop it came from and it
text: explodes at the top of the building front causing it to break
text: off. Huge chunks of concrete. TROOPERS at the building edge fall
dialog: several stories to their deaths.
text: LOIS and JIMMY are hiding and taking pictures when JIMMY is hit
text: with a stray bullet. He hits a wall and is knocked unconscious.
speaker_heading: LOIS
speaker_heading: JIMMY!
text: Frantically, LOIS tries to wake him but can't.
text: She calls out on her cell phone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DAILY PLANET
text: PERRY WHITE is huddled around a television watching the
text: destruction. A phone rings and RON TROUPE answers it.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: (To PERRY)
dialog: Perry, you have a call.
speaker_heading: PERRY
dialog: What! Ron, I got the biggest story of the
dialog: year here. Tell my wife I'll call her back.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: It's not your wife.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUICIDE SLUM - DAY
text: SAWYER gets a transmission on her radio.
speaker_heading: SAWYER
dialog: Sawyer.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: What? You gotta be kiddin' me!
speaker_heading: (To TURPIN)
dialog: Dan, we got a problem. There are civilians
text: trapped in the area.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: These ten blocks were supposed to be
dialog: evacuated. Who the hell's here?
speaker_heading: SAWYER
dialog: Lois Lane and some kid from The Planet.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Oh, for Pete's sake.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: She ain't even worth saving. She figured a
dialog: way in here, she can figure a way out.
speaker_heading: SAWYER
dialog: We have to get her.
speaker_heading: TROOPER #1
dialog: Captain, that thing out there has already
dialog: killed a half-dozen men and you want us to
dialog: risk our lives for a reporter who can't
dialog: follow directions?
speaker_heading: SAWYER
dialog: (Into radio)
dialog: If there are any snipers available, we have
dialog: civilians in the area and need a visual.
dialog: (To TROOPER #1)
dialog: She's coming out with us.
speaker_heading: TROOPER #1
dialog: I'm not going in there.
speaker_heading: SAWYER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SNIPER (VO)
dialog: (On radio)
text: There is a woman and a boy about three
text: hundred yards in from the East Side. The boy
dialog: is unconscious.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: No problem. I'll go.
text: TURPIN gets his gear.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
speaker_heading: (To TROOPER)
dialog: It's my job.
speaker_heading: SAWYER
dialog: (On radio)
dialog: Rescue underway. I need as much distraction
dialog: as possible.
text: TROOPERS pop up and start firing at METALLO as TURPIN runs into
text: the block. Distracted, TURPIN finds LOIS and JIMMY.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Lois Lane?
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: No, I'm some other idiot caught in a warzone.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Nobody likes a smart ass.
text: TURPIN tosses JIMMY across his shoulder.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Hold this.
text: He gives LOIS his rifle and takes his handgun out.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
text: It's like a camera. Just point and click.
speaker_heading: LOIS
text: Nine millimeter German Glock with a modified
dialog: grip.
text: TURPIN gives her a surprised look.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: I was an Army brat. I think I'll be okay.
text: LOIS takes the handgun and gives him his rifle back.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Okay then, let's go.
text: They charge out into the open running for the barricade. TURPIN's
text: in the lead when METALLO turns. LOIS stops and starts firing.
text: TURPIN makes it to safety. METALLO closes in on LOIS and lifts
text: her into the air and disarms her.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: I know you. You're that reporter from The
dialog: Daily Planet.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: And here I didn't think you could read.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Oh, you're funny, too.
text: He lowers her so they're face to face. Her feet are still
text: dangling over a foot off the ground.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: How about we dance?
text: LOIS spits in his face.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: My dance card's full.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: That's gonna cost you.
text: There is a tapping on METALLO's shoulder.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN (OS)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Surprised, he turns.
text: Behind him is SUPERMAN.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: If the lady says she doesn't want to dance,
dialog: then she doesn't want to dance.
text: SUPERMAN belts METALLO in the face and he drops LOIS to the
text: street. METALLO is first shocked and then angry.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: (Very serious)
dialog: You need to get to safety, Miss Lane. This
dialog: looks like a job for Superman.
text: LOIS runs to the TROOPERS who are standing by.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: So... you finally decided to come out and play.
text: METALLO charges and grabs SUPERMAN. SUPERMAN spins and using his
text: own momentum tosses METALLO across the street into a wall.
text: METALLO pushes himself out leaving an indentation.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: Do I look like I'm playing?
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Fine. It's about time this got interesting.
text: METALLO rips a lightpole from the pavement and swings at
text: SUPERMAN's whose irises turn from blue to red and a thin beam of
text: light sears the end of the pole off. It falls to the ground with
dialog: a thud.
text: METALLO jabs the shortened pole at SUPERMAN and hits him in the
text: stomach doubling him over. SUPERMAN, angry, straightens and grabs
text: METALLO and begins punching him about the face. He lifts him over
text: his head and throws him through a building leaving a gaping hole.
text: In the background, the SCU UNIT cheers. Only SUPERMAN hears the
text: punch through brick in the distance.
text: He turns and with his telescopic vision he zooms in on the
text: building corner and again until he sees where an arm is extended
text: through the brick wall. The fist starts to move horizontally very
text: quickly tearing brick from the building. The building begins to
text: creak as the front, without lower support, starts to shift.
text: THE BUILDING SIDE collapses on superman exposing the interior of
text: the tenement. Clouds of dust are thrown into the air. The SCU
text: UNIT takes cover coughing. SUPERMAN is buried beneath the rubble.
text: The dust clears and METALLO steps from inside over the rubble. He
text: leers at the SCU UNIT.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Who's next?
text: A HUM THAT SOUNDS LIKE MASSIVE DRILLING NOISE ERUPTS FROM BENEATH
speaker_heading: THE PAVEMENT.
text: SUPERMAN bursts UPWARD IN A WHIRLWIND OF MOTION sending bricks
text: and rubble airborne. He picks METALLO up with one hand on his
text: shoulder, the other on his leg and lifts him over his head and
text: slams him to the ground.
text: METALLO gets up and charges SUPERMAN tackling him to the ground,
text: through the pavement and into the sewer.
scene_heading: INT. SEWER
text: Waist high in water, METALLO stands. SUPERMAN, hovering above the
text: water, blows with his freezing breath turning the sewer water to
text: ice with the moisture on the walls.
text: SUPERMAN begins to look visibly weak. METALLO laughs.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Is that the best you got? It's starting to
dialog: get to you. You can't beat me. You're a dead
dialog: man and you don't even know it.
text: METALLO punches and shatters the ice freeing himself. SUPERMAN
text: flies upward out of the sewer. METALLO climbs out after him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STAR LABS
text: PROFESSOR EMIL HAMILTON is processing data of a computer. In the
text: background are several monitors tuned to broadcasts of the
dialog: battle.
text: The computer stops and HAMILTON has his answer. He prints the
text: results, grabs his coat and cell phone and rushes out the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUICIDE SLUM
text: MAGGIE SAWYER is on her radio.
speaker_heading: SAWYER
dialog: (On radio)
dialog: Are you sure? Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: (To TURPIN)
dialog: Dan, Federal Emergency Management wants us to
dialog: get Superman out of there and evacuate the
dialog: area.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: SAWYER
dialog: You heard me. HAMILTON at STAR says if we
dialog: don't get him out of there in the next five
dialog: minutes he'll be dead.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: But why are we leaving?
speaker_heading: SAWYER
dialog: We have orders to get him and rendezvous with
text: HAMILTON at Swan and 143rd.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Dandy. So who's going to go in there and get
dialog: him?
text: In the background, SUPERMAN is getting the hell beat out of him.
text: SUPERMAN moves from METALLO's path and fires his HEAT VISION at
text: him. METALLO blocks the beam with his hand causing it to burn
text: bright red.
text: His hand starts to smoke and his "skin" burns off.
text: The flames die exposing METALLO's forearm and hand As a highly
text: advanced metal skeleton hand with gears and joints. VARIOUS PARTS
text: OF HIM HAVE BEEN EXPOSED REVEALING A MECHANICAL ROBOT INTERIOR.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Let's get this over with and call it a day.
text: METALLO opens his tattered shirt exposing his metallic chest. A
text: series of layers opens and SUPERMAN is basked in a bright green
text: light. Inside METALLO's chest cavity is a jagged softball-sized
text: chunk of KRYPTONITE, SUPERMAN's only weakness. The KRYPTONITE is
text: surrounded by small solar cells absorbing it's energy and
text: powering METALLO.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: A lot of losers have tried to kill you but in
dialog: the end I'm the only guy with the stones to
dialog: do it.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: How does it feel to be The Man Of Yesterday?
speaker_heading: A HORN BLARES.
text: METALLO turns to get hit by an SCU RIOT VEHICLE and pushed into
text: building pinning him. A SECOND RIOT VEHICLE drives over SUPERMAN.
scene_heading: INT. RIOT VEHICLE
text: Inside, SAWYER and TURPIN open a hatch in the floor while
text: TROOPERS stand by with pointed rifles. They pull SUPERMAN up
text: through the hatch and TURPIN slams it shut.
speaker_heading: SAWYER
dialog: Let's move.
text: The VEHICLE speeds off. In the background, METALLO can be seen
text: pushing the other RIOT VEHICLE on its side.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAYOR'S OFFICE
text: MAYOR BERKOWICZ is with his EMERGENCY COUNCIL when the telephone
text: rings. DEPUTY MAYOR WALKER answers it.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Sir.
speaker_heading: BERKOWICZ
dialog: I'm busy.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: It's the President, sir.
text: BERKOWICZ has brief, unintelligible conversation.
speaker_heading: BERKOWICZ
dialog: (Grief-stricken)
dialog: The President has declared Metropolis a
dialog: disaster area. We've been denied National
dialog: Guard assistance.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: What are we going to do?
speaker_heading: BERKOWICZ
dialog: He's sending someone else.
speaker_heading: NEWSCAST
text: An ANCHOR is reporting from a circling NEWS COPTER.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR
text: It seems in a diversionary tactic, the SCU
dialog: has distracted Metallo and rescued Superman
dialog: who was not faring well in the battle after a
dialog: Metallo emitted a beam from-
dialog: (Listing to a radio headset)
dialog: --We have instructions we must evacuate the
dialog: area. We will have reports for you as soon as
dialog: information is available.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK
text: Dozens of people are standing in the streets watching the
text: newscast from a massive TIME SQUARE-LIKE JUMBOVISION.
speaker_heading: PERSON #1
dialog: The big one is just as strong as Superman.
speaker_heading: PERSON #2
dialog: Man, I wonder what they're gonna do next?
text: It starts like a distant hum and quickly grows into a patterned
text: thumping.
text: Three APACHE HELICOPTERS thunder overhead speeding to the battle.
text: PEOPLE in the street point overhead as the copters fly past.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER COCKPIT
text: HELICOPTERS maneuver between buildings.
speaker_heading: APACHE PILOT #1
dialog: (Screaming)
dialog: I been wantin' to do this since I was ten!
speaker_heading: APACHE PILOT #2
dialog: Five by five, we are in the pipe.
speaker_heading: APACHE PILOT #3
dialog: This is Romeo Sierra Foxtrot. We have a
dialog: targeted course of three seven nine one mark
dialog: eleven twelve. Target is live. Exercise is
dialog: hostile. ETA six minutes. We have been
dialog: authorized to use unnecessary physical force.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEXCORP COMMUNICATIONS CENTER
text: LUTHOR is observing the TECHS scrambling to get the system
dialog: online.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: I don't see anything.
text: A series of monitors comes online.
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: LexSats fifty-one, forty-seven, five and
dialog: ninety-one are online including the
dialog: Metropolis unit.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: And the Metallo system?
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: We're working on it, sir.
speaker_heading: TECH #2
dialog: Mister Luthor, systems have picked up three
text: Apache heliCOPters converging on Metallo.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: ETA?
speaker_heading: TECH #2
dialog: Six minutes.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Mercy.
text: MERCY steps forward wearing a neck brace.
speaker_heading: MERCY
dialog: Yes, Mister Luthor?
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Do we have a combat ready LexFlight Unit on
dialog: the premises?
speaker_heading: MERCY
dialog: Yes, Mister Luthor.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Scramble the unit and have them in the drop
dialog: zone in three minutes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LEXCORP ROOFTOP
text: A large hangar-like door opens and twelve silhouettes of the
text: LEXFLIGHT TEAM are visible.
speaker_heading: CONTROL (VO)
dialog: This is control. LexFlight Unit you have
dialog: clearance for takeoff.
speaker_heading: LEXFLIGHT #1
dialog: Roger that. It's a go.
text: Four men run into the light wearing PURPLE and GREEN ARMOR (armed
text: with large rifles magnetically attached to their backs). They
text: clear the building and JETS on their backs and feet IGNITE as
text: they lift off into the air. As the first four, another two waves
text: follow flying past the CAMERA stationed high above the LEXCORP
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREETSIDE (SWAN & 143RD) - DAY
text: Two RIOT VEHICLES stop at a curb where PROFESSOR HAMILTON is
text: waiting in a STAR LAB van. He immediately opens the back door,
text: drops a ramp and rolls out a large metal box.
text: The RIOT VEHICLES door drops and several TROOPERS, SAWYER, TURPIN
text: and SUPERMAN exit. SUPERMAN is already looking better than he was
text: moments ago, although visibly irritated.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: HAMILTON! There are people in danger-
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: I know.
text: HAMILTON takes a map of Metropolis and spreads it out over the
dialog: box.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: STAR Labs has satellites that monitor
dialog: environmental anomalies. There have been
dialog: surges of radiation exceeding acceptable
dialog: levels in various locales in the metropolitan
dialog: area within the last few weeks. None lasts
dialog: longer than fifteen or twenty minutes.
speaker_heading: SAWYER
dialog: Are you following this, Dan?
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: I was lost after "STAR Labs has satellites."
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: (Examining the map)
dialog: There is nothing radioactive in these areas.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: You mean, "there should be nothing
dialog: radioactive in these areas." But there is.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Every area on irradiated area on this map was
dialog: a location where Metallo has made an
dialog: appearance. Metallo isn't human. I'm assuming
dialog: he's a machine with a human brain and enough
dialog: natural elements to keep it functioning.
dialog: Everything else is machine powered by nuclear
dialog: radiation, which could be why he's chose
dialog: Suicide Slum to make his stand.
speaker_heading: SAWYER
dialog: The Metropolis Nuclear plant is the biggest
dialog: in the northeast.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: Normally, I doubt he would have been able to
dialog: challenge Superman but since he's using
dialog: radiation from Kryptonite as his source,
dialog: Superman doesn't stand a chance.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Krypto-what?
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: It's a mineral with radioactive properties
dialog: that siphon Superman's abilities. Eventually
dialog: his nervous system will seize and shut down
text: his involuntary functions one at a time in
dialog: rapid succession.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: In English, Doc.
speaker_heading: SAWYER
dialog: Metallo has a radioactive rock that kills
dialog: Superman.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: Then why didn't he just say so.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: I'm assuming you have a plan?
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
text: Flips the latches on the box and opens it but
dialog: the contents cannot be seen)
dialog: I designed this suit for when Superman
dialog: assists in deep space research. Since it's my
dialog: theory that his powers are derived from our
text: sun on a solar level, the suit is designed to
dialog: keep his acquired energy in and foreign
text: energy out. The suit is destructible. If
dialog: Metallo manages to get close enough to get
dialog: you out of it he can kill you.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Are you ready?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUICIDE SLUM - DAY
text: LEXFLIGHT TEAM swoops in over METALLO.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: What the hell?
text: The twelve land forming a circle.
speaker_heading: LEXFLIGHT ONE
dialog: Metallo! You are surrounded-
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: (To himself)
dialog: No shit.
speaker_heading: LEXFLIGHT ONE
dialog: Surrender now and we will leave without
dialog: incident. This is your last chance, Metallo.
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: LEXFLIGHT ONE
dialog: Open fire.
text: The LEXFLIGHT SQUAD opens firing. Their rifle shells create huge
text: explosions, trapping METALLO in the center.
text: EXTREME CLOSE ON METALLO EYES TURNING GREEN.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEXCORP COMMUNICATIONS CENTER
text: The monitors telecasting METALLO destroying the LEXFLIGHT team.
text: Bodies are hurled through the air.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUICIDE SLUM - DAY
text: METALLO walks through the LEXFLIGHT TEAM's wasted efforts and
text: tears them out of their suits and disarms them.
text: APACHE HELICOPTERS arrive.
text: METALLO picks up a fallen LEXFLIGHT MEMBER and tears the rifle
text: from his back and drops his limp body.
speaker_heading: APACHE PILOT (VO)
dialog: (Through speaker)
dialog: METALLO! THROW DOWN YOUR WEA-
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Whatever.
text: He fires at the HELICOPTER and it EXPLODES.
speaker_heading: APACHE PILOT #2
dialog: JESUS CHRIST! He just took Scala and Wahl
dialog: out!
text: He aims the rifle at another APACHE. Anticipating the blast they
text: swerve and APACHE #2 collideS with APACHE #3 and they crash into
dialog: a rooftop.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: (Yelling at the burning APACHES)
dialog: Anybody else want a piece of me? Come get
dialog: some.
text: EXTREME CLOSE on METALLO's face as his body jerks and he screams
text: in pain and his expression goes dead. CAMERA PULLS BACK revealing
text: a gloved hand that has punched through his CHEST and wrapped
text: around his exposed KRYPTONITE HEART tearing it from his body.
text: SUPERMAN, wearing a gray and white containment suit, leans over
text: his shoulder and whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: If you insist.
text: SUPERMAN draws back and tears the kryptonite from his chest,
text: hurling it several blocks into the river beneath JUMPERS BRIDGE.
text: METALLO is terrified.
text: SUPERMAN tosses him and he rolls along the street. METALLO stands
text: and leaps over a car, catching the side of the roof with his hand
text: and flipping it over on its side using it for cover.
text: SUPERMAN marches toward the car. Using his heat vision he sears
text: off both sides of the car leaving METALLO with little cover.
text: His heat vision has melted the mask of his containment uniform.
text: He tears the uniform from his body exposing the familiar "S"
dialog: shield and uniform.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: Come out from behind the car, Metallo!
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: Give me one good reason!
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: Gas tank.
text: METALLO realizes he's backed himself in a corner. SUPERMAN fires
text: his heat vision piercing the fuel tank causing the car to
scene_heading: EXPLODE. FLAMES ENGULF METALLO.
text: SUPERMAN reaches into the flames and grabs METALLO and flies
text: skyward, punching him in the face. METALLO can't defend himself.
text: He struggles until he breaks free and falls back to Earth.
text: He crashes through the roof of the power plant.
text: SUPERMAN lands and starts to walk towards the plant. The front
text: door of the plant is kicked off its hinges and standing in the
dialog: doorway is METALLO looking very insane.
text: SUPERMAN zooms in with his telescopic vision and punctured
text: through METALLO's chest are SEVERAL URANIUM RODS from the reactor
dialog: core.
speaker_heading: METALLO
dialog: (Crazy)
dialog: Let's try that again.
text: METALLO and SUPERMAN both let loose an ear-splitting battle cry
text: and charge each other. They collide with the sound of thunder.
text: METALLO picks SUPERMAN up and slams him into the ground
text: repeatedly cracking the pavement.
text: SUPERMAN makes contact with METALLO who catches him, slamming him
text: into the pavement. METALLO picks SUPERMAN up and tosses him
text: across the parking lot. SUPERMAN stands and is hit by a car flung
text: at him, knocking him down again.
text: METALLO picks up the dazed SUPERMAN and tosses him into the back
text: of a trash truck, walks around the side and throws the switch. As
text: the compactor closes, the truck ROCKS BACK AND FORTH and topples
text: over on METALLO pinning him underneath.
text: SUPERMAN tears through the roof of the truck, lifts the corner
text: where METALLO is pinned and slams it down on him repeatedly.
text: SUPERMAN pulls METALLO from under the truck, stands him upright
text: and kicks him across the street into the remains of the LEXFLIGHT
text: battle. METALLO grabs a LEXFLIGHT rifle and fires on SUPERMAN.
text: METALLO's face is filled with a wicked satisfaction and perverse
text: pleasure as he fires on SUPERMAN.
text: SUPERMAN is knocked down from his feet. Somewhere in the
text: background LOIS witnesses it and screams.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: NO!
text: She tries to charge past the SCU to help him but is restricted.
text: Slowly, SUPERMAN gets to his feet.
text: METALLO fires again. SUPERMAN is slowed down but doesn't fall.
text: He fires again. SUPERMAN keeps moving toward him. METALLO fires
text: in a frenzy OF gunfire. His face begins to lose its look of
text: confidence and is quickly replaced with fear.
text: A quiet mechanical voice can barely be heard coming from the
speaker_heading: LEXGUN.
speaker_heading: LEXGUN (VO)
dialog: Warning. Energy... low.
text: A level on the LEXGUN shows the weapon's energy waning.
text: Blast after blast, SUPERMAN won't stop until METALLO squeezes the
dialog: trigger and there's nothing.
speaker_heading: LEXGUN (VO)
dialog: Energy... depleted.
text: METALLO squeezes the trigger in disbelief and it clicks.
speaker_heading: LEXGUN (VO)
dialog: Charging.
text: METALLO SCREAMS a war cry, SWINGS the LEXGUN at SUPERMAN clocking
text: him square in the jaw.
text: SUPERMAN doesn't flinch.
text: METALLO hits him repeatedly with no effect. He swings again and
text: SUPERMAN catches his fist and they lock. METALLO lifts his other
text: hand to strike him as SUPERMAN's HEAT VISION creates a wide beam
text: that METALLO's fist crosses and incinerates up to the elbow.
text: SHOCKED, METALLO stares at what used to be his arm. SUPERMAN
text: TEARS his other arm, still gripping the LEXGUN, off at the
text: shoulder and strikes him across the face repeatedly.
text: The more SUPERMAN hits him, the more METALLO's loses his
text: artificial skin revealing the chrome metal cyborg beneath it.
text: Furious, SUPERMAN appears to be losing control with the madman.
speaker_heading: LEXGUN (VO)
dialog: Charge complete. Energy levels at maximum.
text: They both look at the gun and SUPERMAN points it (with METALLO's
text: arm still attached) and FIRES blasting him through the air,
text: dropping his charred smoking carcass to the ground.
text: His body is a complex chrome robot with a transparent shielding
text: in the skull showing a human brain.
text: SUPERMAN stops. METALLO's eyes, a bright luminescent green, fade
text: to black. SUPERMAN is out of breath and wobbles away from the
text: chrome cyborg left among the rubble.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEXCORP COMMUNICATION CENTER
text: LUTHOR is standing proud among the nervous TECHS. The monitors
dialog: are all lit and the system is operational.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Timing is everything.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUICIDE SLUM - DAY
text: HAMILTON, SAWYER and TURPIN to come SUPERMAN's aid.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: (Remorseful)
dialog: I murdered him.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
dialog: He was gonna do you in.
text: HAMILTON checks the cyborg with some equipment.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
text: He's still alive. I'm detecting brain waves.
text: His mechanical body isn't functioning but his
dialog: brain is operating. You didn't kill him.
speaker_heading: TURPIN
speaker_heading: (To SUPERMAN)
dialog: You hear that? You broke him.
text: SAWYER gets a call on her radio.
speaker_heading: SAWYER
speaker_heading: (To SUPERMAN)
dialog: Superman, the MAYOR wants to speak to you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LEXCORP - DAY
text: MAYOR BERKOWICZ is waiting in his car. SUPERMAN lands carrying an
text: empty LEXFLIGHT SUIT.
text: Neither says a word as they enter the building.
scene_heading: INT. LEXCORP
text: SECURITY sees them coming.
speaker_heading: SECURITY
dialog: Sir, I'm sorry there are no-
text: SUPERMAN, his clothes torn and him beaten, gives a look. The
text: GUARD backs down.
text: They get into the elevator.
scene_heading: INT. LUTHOR'S OFFICE
text: SUPERMAN and the MAYOR exit the elevator and pass a SECRETARY on
dialog: the telephone.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: I'm sorry your Honor, Mister Luthor isn't-
text: They walk past her and SUPERMAN throws the massive doors open.
text: Inside, LUTHOR is seated behind his giant desk in a virtually
dialog: empty room.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: I believe the girl outside said I wasn't in.
speaker_heading: BERKOWICZ
dialog: (Angry)
dialog: You've gone too far this time, Lex. There are
dialog: six dead pilots and I don't even know how
dialog: many other wounded because of you.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Well Frank, I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: BERKOWICZ
dialog: Sorry?
text: BERKOWICZ charges LUTHOR and SUPERMAN stops him.
speaker_heading: BERKOWICZ
dialog: Tell their families you're sorry! Those men
dialog: wouldn't be dead if your incompetent men
dialog: didn't hand Metallo those weapons!
dialog: For Christ's sake, Lex, you gave him a gun.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: What can I say?
speaker_heading: (Looking directly at SUPERMAN)
dialog: I underestimated my enemy.
speaker_heading: BERKOWICZ
dialog: Mark my words, Lex: You are not going to get
dialog: away with this. I swear you'll see justice
dialog: or-
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: (Annoyed)
dialog: Or what? What, Frank? You're going to shut me
dialog: down? Sue me? Send me to jail. Can't you see
dialog: I'm not playing a game here? I picked up the
dialog: ball when you and your boys dropped it and I
dialog: did what needed to be done! Who was going to
dialog: save us, Frank? Your toy soldiers? The
dialog: military? You see what he did to them. Where
dialog: was your precious Superman? He had abandoned
dialog: you, Frank? Ask him where he was. I did what
dialog: I had to to protect what was in my best
dialog: interest and that is to make sure this city
dialog: is under control and guarantee I'm the man
dialog: behind those controls.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: So I made a bad call. It happens.
speaker_heading: BERKOWICZ
dialog: This isn't your city, Luthor.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: What?! I am worth one hundred and sixteen
dialog: billion dollars! I buy and sell people and
dialog: their ideals the way most people order lunch!
dialog: Governors, attorneys, police and MAYORs!
dialog: Everyone in this city works for me directly
dialog: or indirectly whether they know it or not!
dialog: This city is Metropolis because I made it
dialog: Metropolis. Without me it's nothing! Just
dialog: another decaying urban wasteland and you know
dialog: it! You even think about crossing me I'll
dialog: have my lawyers wrap you in red tape from
dialog: here to Kingdom Come!
dialog: (Calmer)
dialog: You remember this: You aren't the first MAYOR
dialog: this city has ever had and God knows you
dialog: aren't the first idealist. There will be
dialog: another election in November and you might be
dialog: sitting in your quaint little office in City
dialog: Hall and you might not be. I, however, know
dialog: exactly where I'll be sitting.
text: LUTHOR goes behind his desk and comfortably eases into his chair.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Now gentlemen, if you'll excuse me, I have an
dialog: empire to run.
text: There is a very long silence.
speaker_heading: BERKOWICZ
dialog: Superman...
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: Yes, your honor.
speaker_heading: BERKOWICZ
dialog: Under the power granted to me by the city of
dialog: Metropolis I am deputizing you.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Arrest this man.
dialog: LUTHOR has an expression few people see.
dialog: Shock.
speaker_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Look up.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
text: IMAGE OF LUTHOR STANDING AGAINST A WALL.
text: LUTHOR looks up. LUTHOR's tie is undone and he's fuming with
text: anger. In front of him is a plate with: "LUTHOR, ALEXANDER L
dialog: 1591418017."
text: A CAMERA FLASHES.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Turn to the left.
text: LUTHOR turns and the CAMERA FLASHES again.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION
text: LUTHOR is getting fingerprinted.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (Trying not to laugh)
dialog: Name?
text: COPS in the background start snickering.
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING CELL
text: LUTHOR is placed into the holding tank with the other riff raff.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION - EVENING
text: LUTHOR is met by MERCY. They exit the station swarmed by
text: reporters. LOIS LANE is among them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEXCORP - LUTHOR'S OFFICE
text: LUTHOR enters and gets himself a drink. As he walks past the
text: window, SUPERMAN is floating outside waiting for him with his
dialog: arms folded.
text: LUTHOR takes a remote control from the desk and opens the window.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: I'd invite you in for a drink but you don't
dialog: seem like the drinking type... even though a
dialog: stiff drink would probably do you some good.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN says nothing.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: You're a pretty smart fellow so you probably
dialog: know your recent failings were no fault of
dialog: your own. It's really simple: For enough
dialog: money you can get anyone to sabotage a
dialog: monorail or school bus and push it on some
dialog: train tracks.
dialog: Then you plant your man in a the site of the
text: predetermined disaster he averts. He smiles
dialog: for the cameras and looks fantastic. On the
dialog: other hand, it doesn't exactly make you look
dialog: like the spit and polish hero everybody loves
dialog: so much.
dialog: The whole reason I created Metallo was to
dialog: falter the public's faith in its power
dialog: source. Make them feel unsafe and then I
dialog: would come along and sell them something
dialog: safer. Something more advanced. Something
dialog: more, how should I say, expensive and I make
dialog: a few billion dollars in the process and
dialog: replace you with my own "Man Of Steel." One
dialog: that I hold the strings to and take you out
dialog: of my misery at the same time.
dialog: Absolutely brilliant.
dialog: I don't know who you are or where you come
dialog: from or why you're here but what I do know is
dialog: I don't like to be shown up my city. Don't
dialog: think you can come in here with your fancy
dialog: pants, good looks and that truth, justice,
dialog: blah blah blah and that from me. I can live
dialog: with the heroics and I can even live knowing
dialog: there may be one person in Metropolis I can't
dialog: influence but you embarrassed me in front of
dialog: my town and that will not be forgotten.
dialog: When your number is up, I'll be the one
dialog: holding the ticket. That I promise you.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Now, you tell me... am I telling the truth?
text: Arms folded, SUPERMAN's expression is stern blankness.
speaker_heading: SUPERMAN
dialog: I'm watching you, Luthor.
text: SUPERMAN flies straight up. LUTHOR looks out the window and he's
dialog: gone.
text: When he's gone, LUTHOR reaches inside his jacket and beneath his
text: shirt and retrieves a small pager size box. On the front is a
text: pulsing light. He presses the intercom.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Miss Teshmacher.
speaker_heading: secretary (VO)
dialog: Yes, sir?
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Tell the boys in R and D it works. They'll
dialog: see my appreciation for the efforts in next
dialog: week's check.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY (VO)
dialog: Right away, Mister Luthor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LOIS' APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: SUPERMAN flies by her apartment window. Inside, she's on the
text: telephone with her sister LUCY. Her arm is in a sling.
text: He notices an envelope pinned under the window with his name on
text: it. He opens it and it reads:
dialog: THANK YOU FOR SAVING ME... AGAIN.
text: He smiles, folds the letter neatly and takes off. LOIS sees
text: something in the corner of her eye and runs to the window. Like a
text: schoolgirl with a crush, she smiles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UNKNOWN COMPUTER CENTER
text: The redheaded WOMAN seen very briefly earlier is behind her
text: computer data center. On the monitors are images of METALLO/JOHN
text: CORBEN with reports and articles with CIA/INTERPOL markings.
text: The REDHEAD's face is barely seen although we can tell she's
text: wearing glasses and seated in a wheelchair. She types
text: ACHEN@WGBSNET.COM and presses ENTER. Her mail has been sent.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KANSAS COUNTRYSIDE - DUSK
text: CAMERA passes slowly overhead of the beautiful farmland with
text: newscaster ANGELA CHEN's following voice-over.
speaker_heading: ANGELA (VO)
dialog: This morning, sources at Interpol and the
dialog: Central Intelligence Agency have confirmed
dialog: internet speculation that Metallo's true
dialog: identity is that of John Corben, a known
dialog: mercenary and thief wanted worldwide for
dialog: crimes neither agency would elaborate on. How
dialog: the human Corben became the superhuman
dialog: Metallo, is still a mystery. MAYOR Berkowicz
dialog: has this to say:
speaker_heading: BERKOWICZ (VO)
dialog: It has been a difficult few days for us all.
dialog: The loss of life cannot be replaced. We have
dialog: suffered many tragedies and avoided more but
dialog: today we are safe. Wherever you are, thank
dialog: you Superman.
speaker_heading: ANGELA (VO)
dialog: This is Angela Chen. Goodnight.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALLVILLE KS, KENT FARM -SUNSET
text: JONATHAN and MARTHA KENT are standing in a field overlooking
text: their farm. In the distance is an incredibly vibrant sunset. In
dialog: the background is their house.
text: JONATHAN's arm is around MARTHA. CLARK walks up from behind them.
text: Silent, he enjoys the view.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: You never get tired of this do you?
text: They aren't startled. They were expecting him.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Never.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: I'm glad your home, Clark.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Of course, Ma. It's Sunday.
text: CLARK puts his arm around them.
text: CAMERA PANS OUT ENDING ON THEIR SILHOUETTES AND THE SUNSET AND
text: THEN A SLOW FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: CREDITS ROLL.
speaker_heading: CREDITS END.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: AFTER CREDIT SEQUENCE.
scene_heading: INT. LEXCORP RESEARCH LAB
text: Several SCIENTISTS are working on various projects. LUTHOR enters
text: and approaches the lead scientist, DR WENG.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: My time is valuable, Doctor Weng.
speaker_heading: WENG
dialog: Then I will not abuse it. I thought you'd be
dialog: interested in our progress.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: I'm always interested in progress.
text: WENG leads LUTHOR to a glass tube filled with liquid. Inside is
text: what's left of METALLO being kept alive.
speaker_heading: WENG
dialog: Since the Metallo body was a prototype, we
dialog: were able to salvage the main processors and
dialog: reflex circuitry. The brain still functions
dialog: well... surprisingly.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Keep the equipment. That costs money. You can
dialog: toss the brain. I'll find another one.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: And the Police...?
speaker_heading: WENG
dialog: Will have the useless replica we designed to
dialog: replace this one and will be none the wiser.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: It still puzzles me how you managed to
dialog: retrieve this one from a secured Police
dialog: facility.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Gotham has some of the best thieves in the
dialog: world if you can find them. Pay them enough
dialog: money and they can get you anything.
speaker_heading: WENG
dialog: We have also made great strides with the
dialog: cloning.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: What have you got.
speaker_heading: WENG
text: The last was orangutan. Fully mobile and
dialog: intelligent. She lived for three days.
text: Seventeen hours longer than the previous one.
dialog: It was quite marvelous.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: You do fantastic work, Weng.
speaker_heading: WENG
dialog: I am glad you're satisfied.
text: LUTHOR shakes his hand and leaves. As he is leaving he turns:
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: Weng...
speaker_heading: WENG
dialog: Yes, Mister Luthor?
speaker_heading: LUTHOR
dialog: On second thought, keep the brain. I'll find
dialog: some use for it.
speaker_heading: WENG
dialog: Of course, Mister Luthor.
speaker_heading: LUTHOR leaves.
speaker_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
scene_heading: TITLES ON BLACK:
dialog: THE MAN OF STEEL will return in
scene_heading: SUPERMAN: THE MAN OF TOMORROW
speaker_heading: Featuring BIZARRO.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
