speaker_heading: SUPERFIGHTS
dialog: by
dialog: Keith W. Strandberg
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: TIGHT ON HAND
text: It PULLS away from the CAMERA.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: An old Chinese man, GRANDFATHER, going through a beautiful Tai Zhi
text: Quan form. It is very peaceful and graceful. The form ends with a
text: palm strike towards camera, blacking out the frame. (for possible
speaker_heading: INTERCUT use)
scene_heading: INT. SUPERFIGHT ARENA - NIGHT
text: Spotlights cut through the murky darkness while rock music PULSES.
text: The sound of the crowd, barely visible in the darkness, is a
text: RUMBLE in the dark, not unlike the sound of an enraged animal.
dialog: They are yelling for blood!
text: QUICK CUTS of other fighters in the ring, including Punks, Sumo
text: wrestlers, Kickboxers, Shootfighters, and others. It's a
text: spectacle, and we see bits and snippets of it all - the knockout
dialog: blows, the colorful fighters, the incredible techniques, the
text: bloodshed, the brutality. DARKCLOUD and NIGHT STALKER face off in
dialog: the ring. (ONE FIGHT)
text: Darkcloud is slamming Night Stalker in the head over and over.
text: With the second blow, the man's mouthpiece goes flying into the
text: crowd. Soon, the blood starts to spray, but the man doesn't stop
dialog: hitting.
text: In the front row, right next to the ring, is JACK CODY, an 18 year
text: old dreamer. Drinking it all in, he is yelling his lungs out for
dialog: the fighters.
text: A WOMAN standing next to Jack cringes at the brutality and covers
text: her eyes.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: How can you watch this?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's great, isn't it? I love it!
text: The woman looks at Jack uncomprehendingly, then shakes her head
text: and steps over him to get out, then walks up the stairs to the
dialog: exit.
text: Though the woman is very beautiful, Jack doesn't even watch her
text: go. He is too intent on the action in the ring.
text: Now, one of the women fighters, ANGEL, dressed in a sexy outfit
text: that shows off her body, but also displays her finely defined
text: muscles, is fighting another SuperFighter. She is brutalizing the
text: other fighter, yet both are covered in blood.
text: The towel has now been thrown in, but Angel STILL doesn't stop.
text: Angel has her opponent by the throat and is motioning to the
text: crowd, thumbs up or thumbs down.
text: "NO MERCY" cries the crowd, and Jack is yelling louder than
dialog: anyone.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Take it to her, Angel! Yeah!
text: Angel spins and hook kicks her opponent in the head, then spins
text: the other way and side kicks her into the ropes. The other fighter
text: FLIES off the ropes and lands face down in the center of the ring.
text: It's brutal and barbaric.
dialog: And Jack loves every minute of it.
text: A spotlight lights up the stage, and two bizarre FIGHTERS stand in
text: the middle, facing each other.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
text: In the red corner, Budokai!
text: BUDOKAI is dressed in a gold lame uniform, his belt black. His
text: face is painted like a kabuki actor, a mixture of black and white
text: and gold, and his outfit emphasizes his massive muscles.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (0.S.)
text: And in the blue corner, the Enforcer!
text: THE ENFORCER, dressed like a street punk, with chains and leather,
text: spikes and chrome, comes into the ring. He is the bad guy here,
text: and everyone knows it. He raises his muscled arms over his head
text: and smiles at the crowd, then brings them down into a fighting
dialog: stance.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (0.S.)
dialog: SuperFight!
text: The two fighters face off in fighting positions. The rock music
text: increases its BEAT, and the fighters rush each other, the ring
text: echoing with the fury of their techniques. Budokai is a martial
text: artist, while the Enforcer is a thug. But a well trained thug,
dialog: nonetheless.
text: Using a mixture of professional wrestling, boxing and street
text: fighting, the Enforcer HAMMERS Budokai in a beautifully
dialog: choreographed fight.
text: Budokai beaten, the Enforcer stands before the crowd, seemingly
dialog: asking them for a decision.
text: The crowd ROARS.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: What'll it be? Mercy?
text: The crowd YELLS out "NO MERCY!" Everyone except Jack that is, who
dialog: likes Budokai, after all.
text: The Enforcer listens to what they want, then smiles and launches a
text: huge roundhouse right. Budokai goes sailing out of the ring.
text: Jack sees this and runs to where Budokai is going to land,
text: thinking to break his fall.
text: He does, sort of, but Budokai still lands HARD. They stand up
text: together, both a little stunned. The Enforcer is now out of the
text: ring and coming towards Budokai, and Jack is caught in the middle.
text: Jack, in the heat of the moment, turns to face off with the
text: Enforcer! He throws a couple of kicks and punches, which have no
text: effect - except to further enrage the Enforcer.
text: The Enforcer goes crazy and attacks Jack. Budokai grabs Jack and
text: throws him up into the sky, and then knocks the Enforcer out, and
text: Jack lands on top of the Enforcer (like a pin in wrestling),
text: counting him out.
text: The ref comes out of the ring and holds up Budokai's hand, and
text: Budokai reaches down and pulls Jack up to a standing position,
text: holding his hand up.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAT
dialog: NO MERCY! EVER!
text: Budokai looks at Jack, who is beaming with pride, as the crowd
text: goes crazy. Budokai winks at Jack.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAIL
dialog: Thanks, man. Couldn't have done it without
dialog: you...
text: Jack is in heaven.
scene_heading: EXT. LOADING DOCK - DAWN
text: A loading dock is closed up, shut down tight. The streets around
text: it are almost empty. A JOGGER runs by in front, getting a workout
text: in before a busy day starts.
scene_heading: INT. LOADING DOCK - SAME DAY
text: In the loading dock, we MOVE THROUGH the assembled goods, boxes
text: and various things. In the b.g. can be heard the sound of labored
text: breathing, and solid THUNKS and THWOCKS .
text: We MOVE through a door that is ajar, into an area of the warehouse
text: separate from the storage area. On the walls are posters from
text: "SuperFights", martial arts training posters, pictures of Bruce
dialog: Lee, Chuck Norris, Jean Claude Van Damme (from "No Retreat No
dialog: Surrender"), movie posters, professional wrestlers, etc.
text: Pictures of a fighter named MIKE ROCCO are featured prominently.
text: Rocco, in the pictures, is wearing a special necklace (Open
text: Hand?). There is a magazine with his picture on it, and the legend
text: reads "Rocco: Where is he now?" There is also a picture of Rocco
text: with his arm around a young fighter - a younger Jack.
text: We see a SHADOW of what looks like two people fighting over the
dialog: picture of Rocco.
text: The sounds of violent training are closer, more immediate.
text: A counter is piled high with training books, and a TV/VCR
text: combination sits next to them, a pile of martial arts training
text: videos sitting on top. A tape is in the machine, and it is paused
text: on one particular instructor, Mike Rocco, demonstrating a
dialog: technique.
text: Standing next to the counter are mannequins in various positions,
text: all dressed in sporting goods equipment - at first they look like
text: real fighters. We see Jack moving among them, doing flips (with
text: the aid of an unseen trampoline).
text: Some of the mannequins are wearing protective equipment, others
text: swimsuits, still others in martial arts uniforms.
text: Smoothly, we TURN AROUND to see Jack, in a muscle shirt and
text: workout pants, working on a mannequin, and we realize that they
text: are just mannequins, not real people. He is very athletic, and has
text: obviously been training for some time. He is not a master, but he
dialog: is strong and effective, with a great
text: deal of raw talent. When he hits and kicks the heavy bag, hanging
text: in the middle of the room, it SHAKES the entire room.
text: Jack is wearing the special necklace that Rocco had on in the
dialog: pictures.
text: After one particularly grueling combination, Jack stops, drinks
text: from a sport bottle nearby. He then grabs the TV remote and pushes
text: a button.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON TV
text: The tape continues, the instructor (Mike Rocco) moving on to
dialog: another combination.
text: Jack watches it carefully, then rewinds it, and plays it again. He
text: then presses "pause" and puts the remote back. He starts hitting
text: the heavy bag again, mimicking the combination the instructor
text: showed on the tape.
text: As he is working this combination, an alarm on his watch goes off
text: and Jack stops. He gathers himself for a moment, then bows to the
text: mannequin.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Time for the SuperFight.
text: He moves to the area of the room where the mannequins are set up.
text: He moves into the middle of them, then raises his arms like
dialog: Budokai did last night.
text: He goes into action, throwing kicks and punches at the mannequins,
text: breaking them into pieces, throwing them into all the corners of
dialog: the room.
text: When he is done, he stands panting in the center of the mess, then
text: raises his arms again. One mannequin is still standing.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No mercy.
text: He jumps off the trampoline (we see it now) and drives a spinning
text: wheel kick at the lone mannequin and hits it, but sends himself
text: sprawling at the same time.
text: The fantasy is disrupted by reality. Jack smiles and puts his head
text: in his hands, resting.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Cody? That you?
text: Jack doesn't answer right away.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE (0.S.)
dialog: Yo, Jean Claude Van Dunce? You there?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, Frankie. Just finishing up!
text: FRANKIE comes into view.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Man, are you wasting your time with this
dialog: stuff again? Hey, don't leave a mess
dialog: again, OK? Hurry up, we gotta get these
dialog: orders out!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: OK! I'll be right down.
text: Jack gets off the ground and starts to clean up the pieces of
text: mannequin around the room. He assembles the mannequins again for
text: his next workout, then pauses at the "SuperFights" and "Mike
dialog: Rocco" posters.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Someday...
text: The CAMERA PULLS OUT, past the tapes, books and posters.
scene_heading: EXT. JACK HOUSE - EVENING
text: Establishing shot of a run down tract house in a "poor white
text: trash" suburb of the city. The house is much cleaner than the
text: others in the area. Obviously, some care has been taken with the
dialog: house.
text: Jack's battered Jeep pulls up to the house, and he gets out. He
text: pauses for a moment in the front yard, then shakes his head, picks
text: up some trash from the neighbor's yard, and moves inside.
scene_heading: INT. JACK HOUSE - SAME NIGHT
text: Jack walks into the house, weary from a long day of work, and
text: hangs up his jacket.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mom, I'm home!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What? No UltraFights tonight?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (smiling wearily)
dialog: It's SuperFights, and they were last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What time did you get home?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I got to work on time, nobody got hurt,
dialog: what difference does it make, Mom?
text: Jack's MOTHER comes around the corner and confronts Jack. This is
dialog: a road they've been over many times, but that won't stop his
text: Mother from trying to make a point.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What about you? I think it's hurting you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm not in the ring... yet. When I'm one
dialog: of the fighters, then you can worry. OK?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You won't be one of them, Jack, not while
dialog: I'm around.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: When they have another try out, I'm going
dialog: to be first in line.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No you won't. Your father wouldn't have
dialog: wanted...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Let's not do this again, Mom. I gotta
dialog: go...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I have dinner ready for you, just like you
dialog: like it. Where are you going, Jack?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Out, that's all.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Jack, don't walk away from me! I'm talking
dialog: to you!
text: Jack doesn't stop walking as he grabs his jacket, and then goes
text: out the door. He can be seen walking to his Jeep through the
text: ripped and patched screen door.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You come right back here, John Jacob Cody!
dialog: This minute!
text: Jack is gone, and his Mother stands there for a moment, waiting.
text: The Jeep STARTS UP, 0.S., and we see the headlights FLARE on
text: Jack's Mother's face.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Over my dead body!
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: EXT. CITY BANK - SAME NIGHT
text: A deserted parking lot of a city bank. A young, very attractive
text: Chinese woman, SALLY WONG, walks to the Cash machine outside the
text: bank, on her way home from work.
text: She looks around to make sure no one else is there, then proceeds
text: to the machine. She puts in her card, presses several buttons and
text: completes her transaction. Her cash is counted out into a money
text: drawer, and she reaches in and pulls it out.
text: Just as she turns to go, a voice behind her calls out menacingly
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: We'll take that, sister.
text: Sally whirls around to see three GANG MEMBERS moving towards her.
text: They have taken away her escape route. She makes a fist with one
text: hand, as if she is trying to decide whether it's worth a fight.
text: Just then a Jeep pulls into the parking lot of the bank, making a
text: cut through to another street. It's Jack's Jeep, and he pauses for
text: a moment, taking in the scene. The LEADER turns to look at Jack.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Keep moving, asshole.
text: Jack looks for a moment longer, then pulls out.
text: Sally starts to raise her hands to fight, and the Leader senses
text: what she is doing and pulls out a wicked looking knife to dissuade
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: It's not worth it.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Remember, it's only money, and you didn't
dialog: have it long enough to get attached to it.
text: Sally looks at the knife, then up at the Leader. She takes a quick
text: glance around, noting the surveillance camera up in one corner of
dialog: the building.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: No time, sugar. We'll be long gone, and
dialog: you'll be all cut up.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now.
text: The Jeep pulls into the parking lot again, and this time it stops
text: right in the middle of the lot, its lights pointed straight at the
text: group. The High Beams of the Jeep flick on, momentarily blinding
text: everyone, and the horn BLOWS.
text: The Leader, one hand over his eyes, motions to one of his boys to
dialog: get rid of whoever it is.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Take care of that guy!
text: The Gang Member goes up to the Jeep, and is surprised to find it
text: EMPTY. Running, lights on, but empty.
speaker_heading: GANG MEMBER
dialog: Ain't nobody here!
text: The Leader, who was moving in on Sally, turns to the Gang Member.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: What?
text: Just then, from behind one of the bank pillars, STORMS Jack,
text: taking the Leader and the other gang members completely by
text: surprise. Using a variety of kicks, punches, strikes and wrestling
text: moves, he takes them out with little resistance. He wades through
text: them like they were the mannequins he trains on at work.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh, yeah! This is just what I needed!
text: When he's done, Jack turns to Sally and smiles, then motions for
text: her to join him.
text: Sally gets in Jack's Jeep, and he pulls quickly out of the lot.
text: The gang members are still on the ground, some of them starting to
text: moan and move around a little bit.
scene_heading: INT. JACK'S JEEP - SAME NIGHT
text: Jack is driving along, and Sally is sitting very primly in Jack's
text: Jeep. Jack steals looks at her, and she looks at him sideways.
text: Jack is intrigued by this beautiful Chinese girl.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Turn right here. This is my house.
text: The Jeep comes to a stop. Sally opens the door and starts to get
dialog: out..
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Want to come in?
dialog: (very softly)
dialog: I'd like you to meet my grandfather.
text: Jack turns the engine off.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Meet your grandfather? Sounds like real
dialog: fun...
text: They get out of the Jeep.
scene_heading: EXT. SALLY HOUSE - SAME NIGHT
text: Sally leads him into her house.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: He's kind of an old codger... just take
text: him with a grain of salt.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don't worry, I love old codgers.
text: Through the window, we see a SHADOW looking at them. Then it
dialog: disappears.
text: They go inside.
scene_heading: INT. SALLY HOUSE - SAME NIGHT
text: A meat cleaver THWACKS down into a wooden cutting board and sticks
dialog: straight up.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL Sally's Grandfather, who was cooking dinner
text: when they came in. He is at least 75 years old, and is wearing a
text: dark blue Chinese silk jacket.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: You fought them over money?!? Are you a
dialog: COMPLETE moron?
text: Jack looks at Sally for help.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: You could have gotten her killed.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: They might not have stopped at the money,
dialog: Grandfather.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: You don't KNOW that. Do you?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Gee, correct me if I'm wrong, but most
dialog: relatives...
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: You are wrong. Don't speak unless spoken
dialog: to.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Grandfather!
text: The Grandfather looks at Sally, sighs, and then examines Jack
dialog: closely.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: You are a fighter? What style?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: All different styles.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Which style? Do not attempt to con me.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I use what works, from karate, kung fu,
dialog: kickboxing, whatever.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Bullshit!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hey, it worked tonight.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Let me see your hands, 'fighter'.
text: Jack holds out his hands and Grandfather holds them, looking at
text: them and squeezing them. Jack squeezes back, but it has no effect
dialog: on Grandfather.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: You have never trained.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I can handle myself.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Grandfather, what are you doing? I invited
text: Jack in to thank him.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Maybe he set the attack up himself, so he
dialog: would look good.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I've had about enough...
text: Jack tries to pull his hands away, but he cannot. Jack continues
text: to try to pull away, but Grandfather has his hands in a vice grip.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Not yet.
text: Grandfather takes Jack's hands and forces them into the flour on
text: the counter top.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What the hell?
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: OK, fighter, let's see how good you really
dialog: are. All you have to do is touch me and I
dialog: will give you the credit you think you
dialog: deserve. OK?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This is ridiculous. Does he do this to
dialog: every guy you bring home?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I... Grandfather?
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Only the ones claiming to be heroes.
dialog: C'mon, just one touch...
text: Jack, thinking he is going to catch Grandfather unaware, lunges
text: for him, but he's no longer there. Jack moves again, trying to
text: touch him, but Grandfather is a ghost. No matter how he tries, and
text: with what techniques, he can't lay a finger on him.
text: Finally, Jack is so frustrated he gives up. He grabs a towel and
text: starts to wipe the flour off his hands.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I gotta get outta here. Sally, I'll call
dialog: you.
text: He walks past Grandfather, who is smiling in success. Before he
text: completely passes him, however, Jack tries one more time to touch
text: him. Grandfather, with eyes in the back of his head, moves subtly
text: out of the way, and all Jack touches is air.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Jack, don't go!
text: Jack is already at the door and opening it. He tosses the towel
text: back into the room. Sally runs after him, giving Grandfather a
text: very dirty look. He just smiles an innocent smile that says, "Just
dialog: protecting you, my dear."
scene_heading: EXT. SALLY HOUSE - SAME NIGHT
text: Sally pushes open the door of her house, but Jack is already in
text: his Jeep and driving away.
text: She watches him drive away, then raises her face to the stars.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Just once why can't he mind his own
dialog: business and stay out of my life?
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - SAME NIGHT
text: Jack's Jeep, driving on a deserted highway.
scene_heading: INT. JEEP - SAME NIGHT
text: Jack, still a little angry, driving and thinking.
scene_heading: EXT. JACK HOUSE - SAME NIGHT
text: Jack drives up to his house, and is surprised to see his house all
text: lit up, with tons of people milling around. There are Reporters,
text: Camera Crews, Neighbors and more.
text: Jack pulls his Jeep into the driveway, and gets out. The entire
text: group explodes in applause, but Jack still can't figure out what
text: is going on. He spots a policeman and yells
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Is my Mom OK?
text: He nods and motions that she is inside the house.
text: Jack heads for the house, but is stopped by a TV REPORTER and her
dialog: camera crew.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTER
dialog: How does it feel to be a hero?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What hero? What are you talking about?
text: Jack pushes his way through the crowd and towards his house, still
text: concerned about his mother.
text: In the b.g. we hear the TV Reporter finishing her report.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTER
text: Modest and unassuming, untouched by
dialog: stardom, Jack Cody might be a hero in the
dialog: truest sense of the world. Just someone
dialog: who, despite the odds, does the right
dialog: thing. This is Carol Hartman, Channel 8,
dialog: live at the Cody house. Back to you, Bob.
text: Jack gets to his front door and throws it open.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mom, are you all right?
text: He goes in.
scene_heading: INT. JACK HOUSE - SAME NIGHT
text: He walks into the living room, and sees his Mom getting up from in
text: front of the Tv.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mom! Are you OK? What's with all the
dialog: people outside?
text: Jack's Mother runs to Jack, hugging him.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Jack, I'm so proud of you! You're a hero!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Watch! I taped it for you!
text: She pushes the "play" button the VCR and a news report unfolds.
text: TIGHT ON TV, INSET PICTURE OF SUPERFIGHTER "PUNISHER"
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR
text: Punisher found dead - a violent end
dialog: for a violent fighter.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And now for some good news: Take a look at
dialog: some extraordinary footage from Fulton
dialog: Bank...
text: The screen shifts to grainy color security video, which records
text: the rescue scene where Jack came to the aid of Sally. Jack beats
text: the three guys, and then hustles Sally into his Jeep.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR
text: We traced the license plate of the Jeep to
text: Jack Cody, an employee of GoodSports, a
dialog: sporting goods distributor...
text: Jack turns off the VCR and turns to his mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: They've been waiting hours for you, Jack.
dialog: You saved that girl! You should go out and
dialog: talk to them, Jack!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don't really want to, Mom.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: This is your chance, Jack. You're break.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don't make that much out of it, Mom. I
dialog: just did what had to be done.
text: Mother leads Jack to the front door and opens it. Immediately, the
text: crowd on the lawn surges forward to the door.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: This is good news, Jack. There isn't
dialog: enough good news on the TV. You know what
dialog: I mean?
text: Jack nods and opens the front door.
text: The questions start coming, and the lights of the cameras and the
text: flash of cameras WHITE OUT the picture as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT OFFICE - SAME NIGHT
text: TIGHT ON TV IMAGE OF JACK, blinded by the lights of the TV
text: cameras. He is bombarded with questions, attention which he takes
text: with his characteristic good humor.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ROBERT SAWYER, PROMOTER OF SUPERFIGHTS.
text: He is watching the TV with interest, the lights from the TV
text: illuminating his face.
text: He presses the "Mute" button on the remote, and the scene unfolds
text: on the TV without any sound.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: He's perfect.
text: Robert goes behind his desk and pushes the intercom on his phone.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Lonnie, get me...
text: The name "Jack Cody" flashes onto the screen, underneath Jack's
text: image talking to reporters.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Jack Cody. He's on Channel 8 right now.
dialog: Set up a meeting for tomorrow, here.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Yes, Sir.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Oh, and Lonnie? Make sure he comes alone.
dialog: No agents, no lawyers. Thanks.
text: He hangs up the phone and then presses "Mute" again.
text: It's Jack talking on the TV.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I just did what I had to do. Anybody else
dialog: would have done the same.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: An All American Hero. Perfect.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS - DAY
text: Jack is out for his training run, and he is spotted by people
text: walking and working on the street. He runs by a crew of WORKMEN
text: working on the construction of a house.
speaker_heading: WORKMEN
dialog: Way to go, Jack!
text: He heads downtown on his run, and a schoolbus goes by and a group
text: of SCHOOLCHILDREN spot him.
speaker_heading: KIDS.
dialog: It's him, it's the hero. Hey, Jack! Can we
dialog: have your autograph?
text: Jack waves back, feeling really good.
text: He turns down a city street, and two beautiful WOMEN RUNNERS are
text: coming towards him. One of the RUNNERS nudges the other and points
dialog: to Jack.
text: She smiles at him as he runs past.
speaker_heading: RUNNER
dialog: Want to run my way, Jack?
text: Jack continues running, but his pace definitely slows.
scene_heading: INT. JACK HOUSE - SAME DAY
text: Jack is rushing around, trying to get ready for his meeting with
text: Robert. His mother is following him, haranguing him for even
dialog: considering becoming a fighter.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I don't want you to go to this meeting,
dialog: Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're the one who wanted me to talk to
dialog: the reporters, and Mr. Sawyer called me
dialog: because he saw me on TV.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You want to be a professional wrestler
dialog: your whole life?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, but being a SuperFighter is a lot
dialog: different from being a pro wrestler, and a
dialog: couple of years doing it would be fun. I
dialog: had my 15 minutes of fame, Mom. Now is the
dialog: time to capitalize on it.
text: He starts to tie his neck tie, and is having trouble.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mom, can you help me out here? I could die
dialog: trying to tie this thing.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: No. I won't help you with this.
text: She walks out of his room, leaving Jack to fend for himself.
text: He stares at himself in the mirror.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Great, just great. I hope he's more
dialog: interested in my fighting than my
dialog: wardrobe.
text: He does a sloppy job tying his tie, then grabs a notebook and
text: heads for the door.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mom?!? I'm going. Wish me luck?
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Thanks a lot!
text: He goes out the door, and only when he is completely gone does his
text: mother come into the room, a worried look on her face.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - DAY
text: Robert's office building, with the legend "SuperFights" over the
text: front door. Jack walks up to the front of the building, admires
text: the sign, then walks in.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE BUILDING - SAME DAY
text: The elevator door opens and Jack walks up to a very impressive
text: solid wood door, with "SuperFights" engraved into it. He grabs one
text: of the huge brass doorknobs and pulls the door open.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERFIGHT LOBBY - SAME DAY
text: Jack walks up to the RECEPTIONIST, who is seated at a state of the
text: art computer workstation. Her face lights up when she sees him.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Jack Cody, right?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Let me just say I'm a big fan. I think
dialog: it's great that you're going to be working
dialog: with us!
text: Jack doesn't know what to say. Working with the SuperFighters?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Mr. Sawyer is expecting you, Mr. Cody.
text: He's just finishing up a meeting.
text: As she says this, the door to Robert's office opens, and out steps
text: three SUPERFIGHTERS: Darkcloud, Night Stalker and Budokai. They
text: aren't dressed like SuperFighters, however. They are dressed all
text: in black: leathers, sweatshirts, parachute pants, etc.
text: Behind them walks Robert, and together they notice Jack, who has
text: tried to move out of the way (and to close his open mouth as he
text: watches his heroes come towards him).
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Jack! Robert Sawyer! Let me introduce you
dialog: to some friends of mine.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: Hey, I remember you! Man, welcome to the
dialog: team! You're my hero now, Jack!
text: Jack can't believe he is actually talking to the SuperFighters.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: I'm Darkcloud, but call me Chuck, OK? Can
dialog: I call you Jack?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Uh... Sure.
speaker_heading: NIGHT STALKER
dialog: I'm Cliff, better known as Night Stalker.
dialog: It's an honor to shake your hand, Mr.
dialog: Cody.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Honor? C'mon, you guys are...
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: You're gonna love it here!
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: You sure are. Just make sure you ask for
dialog: enough money from Robert here.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
text: He can squeeze pennies so hard they bleed,
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: That's enough, gentlemen. Jack and I have
dialog: some matters to discuss. Where's your
dialog: lawyer, Jack? Sharpening his pencil?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, I...
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Don't worry about it, c'mon in! You guys
dialog: be careful out there tonight, you hear?
speaker_heading: SUPERFIGHTERS
dialog: (together)
dialog: Yes, Sir! See ya around, Jack!
text: Robert leads Jack into his office, and then closes the door behind
text: him, smiling at the SuperFighters.
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT OFFICE - SAME DAY
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Have a seat, Jack. Can I get you something
dialog: to drink?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, thanks, Mr. Sawyer. Thanks for
dialog: inviting me over. It was great to meet
dialog: those guys.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Those guys are friends of yours, Jack.
dialog: And, thank you for coming here tonight. I
dialog: know you have a lot of demands on your
dialog: time now. You're a popular man.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I want to get right to the point, Jack. I
dialog: want you to be a SuperFighter. Is that
dialog: something that you'd like?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Are you kidding? I'd kill to be one of the
dialog: SuperFighters!
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'm not asking for that... yet.
dialog: (smile)
dialog: All I want to do is make you an offer.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The answer's yes.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I haven't made the offer yet, Jack. Do you
dialog: have an agent?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No. Should I?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Not necessarily. Most of the fighters
dialog: don't, in fact. I'll walk you through the
dialog: contract, and I think we'll come to a fair
dialog: agreement, don't you?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You bet!
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Before we do that, however, I want to
dialog: introduce you to my favorite SuperFighter,
dialog: Angel.
text: A side door to the office opens up, and Angel, the female
text: SuperFighter from the opening scene, walks in. She is dressed in
text: her very revealing, very sexy outfit, and she comes over to Jack.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I saw you on the news. I can't believe I'm
dialog: actually meeting you!
text: Jack is almost speechless.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I saw you fight the other night...
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I wish I had seen you...
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: If we can come to terms, Jack, I'd like
dialog: Angel to train you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If that's OK.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (swallowing hard)
dialog: Yeah, that'd be great.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I'm a real slave driver, Jack.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You have to listen to me about...
dialog: everything. I think you've got great
dialog: potential, and with a little hard
dialog: training, you can be a great SuperFighter!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I can't wait.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Angel, can you excuse us for a little
dialog: while? Jack and I have to cross the t's
dialog: and dot the i's.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Don't take too long, OK? I'm hungry.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: We'll all go out to dinner after, OK,
dialog: Jack?
text: Jack nods, watching Angel leave the room.
text: Robert pulls out a thick contract and puts it down on the table.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Here's the contract. I advise you to read
dialog: it carefully, but it's tough going. I'll
dialog: go over the main points with you. OK?
text: Angel is now at the door, and she stops and catches Jack's eye,
text: then winks.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I want to warn you, Robert, I'm a pretty
dialog: tough negotiator. I'm no pushover.
text: Robert smiles and sits down, ready to put the hammer to Jack.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I saw that the minute we met, Jack.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Establishing shot of the exterior of the warehouse. Two bodyguards
dialog: stand outside.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: A "Death Match" is going on, with THE BEAST against a Citizen. The
text: crowd is wild and unruly, and betting is going on throughout the
dialog: scene.
text: The Beast beats the Citizen handily, and then KILLS him brutally.
dialog: It's quite a difference from the SuperFights.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - NIGHT
text: A STREET GANG made up of punks and toughs, along with the
text: occasional girlfriend, is hanging out in an alley, smoking
text: cigarettes and killing time. (6 to 8 GANG MEMBERS - Black,
dialog: Hispanic, White)
text: Suddenly, one of the street gang's LOOKOUTS is propelled into the
text: alley. He SLAMS into the wall on the other side and collapses ina
text: heap, MOANS once, then is silent.
text: The gang is up and on their feet, ready for action.
speaker_heading: GANG LEADER
dialog: What the hell...?
text: The SUPERFIGHTERS (Budokai, Night Stalker, Darkcloud) come out of
text: three doorways into the alley, immediately surrounding the street
text: gang. The Leader starts to go for his weapon, but a movement by
text: Darkcloud stops him.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: I wouldn't do that, Bubba.
speaker_heading: GANG LEADER
dialog: Name's not Bubba.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: It is if I say it is, Bubba.
text: One of the gang members moves towards Darkcloud, and he is
text: immediately taken out, brutally, hit and kicked and SLAMMED into
text: the wall.
text: INSERT shot of THUGS raising guns, preparing for action.
speaker_heading: GANG LEADER
dialog: What do you want, man?
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
text: 30% of the action.
speaker_heading: GANG LEADER
dialog: What the hell for?
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: So that doesn't happen to you.
speaker_heading: GANG LEADER
dialog: No thanks, man.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: You got a nice operation, Bubba.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: Drugs, grand theft auto, extortion - we
dialog: want in.
speaker_heading: GANG LEADER
dialog: And if I say no?
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: You know you can't say no, Bubba. Oh, by
dialog: the way, it's up to 40% now. Want to try
dialog: for 50% by complaining some more?
speaker_heading: GANG LEADER
dialog: Screw you, man.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: Wrong answer, Bubba.
text: The SuperFighters JUMP into action in the alley. They are all
text: trained fighters, and the gang members are no match for them. It's
text: over quickly, with brutal efficiency, the SuperFighters dispatch
dialog: the gang members.
text: When it's over, Darkcloud stands the Leader of the gang up by
text: applying a very painful joint lock.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: 50-50 now, Bubba. Pick ups once a week.
dialog: Try to cheat me, you get dead. Comprende?
text: The Leader nods, in a world of pain.
text: About eight miscellaneous TOUGHS, who are aiming guns, come out
text: from the darkness. Darkcloud turns towards them and smiles,
text: motioning to the Gang Members on the ground.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: See, I told you we wouldn't need you guys.
dialog: They said we couldn't beat some sense into
dialog: your thick skull!
text: He laughs and drops the Leader, motioning for his SuperFighters to
text: follow him out of the alley. The gang members stay on the ground,
dialog: too hurt to move.
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING GYM - DAY
text: Jack walks through the door into the training gym, which is very
text: high tech, all marble, machines and red and blue floors. Only the
text: best for the SuperFighters. Jack is astonished by the room, and he
text: walks around looking at it in awe.
text: As he looks around, in walks Angel.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Good morning, Jack. It's nice to see
dialog: you're on time.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm all yours.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: How true. You got a clean bill of health
dialog: from our doctors. Let's see what you can
dialog: do, OK?
text: She pushes a button on a keyboard located on a pedestal, and three
text: Tvs in the marble wall are revealed.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: This is the main training area for the
dialog: fighters. Usually, you all train together,
dialog: but we'll be training alone for the first
dialog: couple of weeks, however.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why?
text: They walk over to the two beams of light streaming down against
text: one wall.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Jack, don't ask too many questions, OK?
dialog: When I call out a kick or a punch, you hit
text: through the lights. They measure speed and
dialog: power. Got that?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You bet.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
text: Stepping side.
text: Jack does it. A power read out registers on the computer display.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
text: Backfist, straight punch.
dialog: Jack does it.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
text: Spinning hook, roundhouse, front kick.
text: Jack performs them, hitting the beams of light each time.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
text: Left hook. Right jab. Left uppercut.
text: Jack does them all, and is performing very well. A series of QUICK
text: CUTS shows Jack hitting the bags and targets, with each hit
text: scoring "power points" on the computer read out.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Now I want to measure your reaction time.
dialog: Enter the chamber, please.
text: She walks over to the keyboard and punches in several commands.
text: Jack stands in the middle of the chamber, and suddenly the poles
text: on each side of the chamber come flying out. Jack tries to avoid
text: the poles, but still gets hit a few times while doing it.
text: We see the computer screen measuring the result of the training.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: OK! Take a break for a minute, Jack.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Not bad. Your numbers are pretty good.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Thanks. Is the test done?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Not quite yet, Jack.
text: Angel moves up close to Jack, body to body.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What... are you doing, Angel?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Checking vital signs...
text: She presses her finger against the vein in his neck, feeling his
dialog: pulse.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Not too fast, that's good.
text: She runs her hands over his body, gently, caressing. She checks
text: the vein in his arm.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: A little faster now - you enjoying
dialog: yourself, Jack? That's good, too...
text: Her hands goes farther down, caressing his buttocks, then moving
text: towards the front.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Angel...?
text: Jack jumps a little, and Angel snaps.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Stand still!
text: She presses her right hand between his thighs.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Best indicator of heart rate activity.
dialog: Your heart's pumping to beat the band,
dialog: Jack...
text: She smiles at Jack, then pulls her hand back, taking care to brush
text: up against the front of his workout pants as she goes. Angel
text: growls a little.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: My favorite vital sign... Oh, the things
dialog: you'll see, Jack. We're going to have so
dialog: much fun training together.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (forced, throaty,
dialog: embarrassed)
dialog: Should we be doing this?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You'll do whatever I say.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Here? Now?
text: Angel laughs, then starts to walk away.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: We have all the time in the world, Jack.
dialog: We start for real, training, I mean,
dialog: tomorrow. Get a good night's sleep, Jack,
dialog: you'll need it.
text: She tosses him a bottle of pills. He catches it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What are these?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Vitamins. Special for the SuperFighters.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don't like pills.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: They're vitamins, Jack. Take them.
text: Jack watches as Angel exits, leaving Jack tortured and all alone.
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT OFFICE - DAY
text: Robert is in his office, kissing with Lonnie, his receptionist,
text: when the door flies open and OATES comes in flanked by two
scene_heading: BODYGUARDS.
text: They have knives drawn, and they PULL Robert and Lonnie apart,
text: Oates holding Lonnie, the Bodyguards holding Robert, knives at
text: both their throats.
text: Robert looks at him and smiles.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Mr. Oates. What a pleasant surprise.
text: Oates moves the knife closer to Lonnie's throat, and she tries to
text: pull away, terrified.
speaker_heading: OATES
dialog: If I was calling the shots, you'd be
dialog: already dead. Understand me, Sawyer?
text: Robert just nods.
speaker_heading: OATES
dialog: Instead, my people want to send you a
dialog: message. You don't agree, we kill the
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: The girl?
text: Oates indicates Lonnie.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Oh, her.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: OATES
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Go ahead. You got what it takes?
speaker_heading: OATES
dialog: I kill her, you're next.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You have to do her first.
text: Lonnie looks at Robert, stunned at what he is saying. That he
dialog: would sacrifice her.
text: Robert is still smiling, until he moves, and when he moves he is
text: incredibly quick, and brutal. He strikes the two bodyguards, and
text: they go down immediately.
text: When they are down, he turns to Oates, who still has the knife at
text: Lonnie's throat.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Your turn. I'm calling your bluff.
text: Oates doesn't move, but he is terrified by this unfeeling maniac.
text: Robert moves and HITS Oates, knocking him away from Lonnie.
scene_heading: INSERT: LONNIE'S THROAT SLASHED
text: Robert doesn't even see that Lonnie has been hurt. He closes on
dialog: Oates.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Let me get this straight... You thought
dialog: you'd tell me what to do? Strongarm me? Is
dialog: that how your pea brain works?
speaker_heading: OATES
dialog: What's the big deal?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'm the big deal.
speaker_heading: OATES
dialog: Hey, I won't do it again, if that's what
dialog: you want.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: That's only part of what I want.
text: Robert attacks Oates, and he is brutal and ruthless.
text: He hits him with a strike to the stomach, which doubles him over.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: That hurt? Straighten up.
text: With difficulty, Oates straightens up and tries to hit Robert. As
text: soon as he comes all the way back up, Robert blocks his strike and
text: hits him again, with a different technique this time. Oates goes
text: farther down, and seems to hurt much more.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: That hurt more, I could tell.
dialog: Interesting...
speaker_heading: OATES
dialog: (between gasps)
dialog: C'mon, I said I'd stop.
text: He grabs Oates by the hair and stands him up. Oates tries to swing
text: on Robert, but he blocks it easily and drives a strike into the
text: arm, breaking it.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I never knew that was so effective.
text: Oates' arm hangs limply by his side, and his face is a mask of
text: agony. Robert hits him a couple more times, analyzing the
dialog: reaction.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Hmmm... Lonnie, you should leave now.
text: Robert drives a knife hand into Oates' collar bone, breaking it
text: with an audible CRACK. Oates' screams again, and now both of his
text: arms hang useless at his sides.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: How bad is the pain? Can you describe it?
text: No answer from Oates, who is in incredible pain.
text: He pulls back and gets himself set, then drives forward with a
text: special technique, striking Oates in the chest, right where the
dialog: heart is.
text: Oates' eyes go wide, and his mouth opens in a silent scream, then
text: he drops over dead.
text: Robert stands over Oates and studies his hand.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: It works. And, you'll never threaten me
dialog: again. It's just a win-win day.
text: He exits the room without looking back.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: An exclusive, gated community - expensive townhouses and security
text: guards. A limousine pulls up and into a parking place, and out
text: step Angel and Jack. She leads him into one of the units.
scene_heading: INT. JACK APARTMENT - SAME DAY
text: It's an incredible apartment, complete with vaulted ceilings,
text: fireplace, open staircase, eat in kitchen, exercise room and much
text: more. Angel gives him a guided tour, and we tag along.
text: In the master bedroom, Angel lays on the bed and motions for Jack
text: to join her. Jack shakes his head and moves on to another room.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: VARIOUS SHOTS of Jack eating dinner at an expensive restaurant
text: with other SuperFighters (Budokai, Night Stalker, DarkCloud,
text: etc.), Angel, beautiful women, etc. At the end of the obviously
text: expensive meal, Jack pulls out his wallet and, over protestations
text: from the rest of the group, produces a wad of bills to pay the
dialog: tab.
scene_heading: EXT. JACK APARTMENT - DAY
text: Jack comes out of his apartment carrying his workout bag, late for
text: his workout with Angel. He runs up to his Jeep, only this time
text: it's not his beat up Jeep, but a beautiful, new Jeep Cherokee
text: Sport. He hops in and drives off.
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING GYM - DAY
text: Jack is training with Angel. Before they begin, she hands him a
text: cup of water, and he takes the pill.
text: They start training, and Angel is a slave driver. Jack has never
dialog: worked so hard.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: This is our newest training device,
dialog: designed by SuperFights for close quarter
dialog: combat.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS - DAY
text: Jack drives past the warehouse where he used to work, and the
text: irony is lost on him. Frankie is outside, and he spots Jack.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Hey, Jack! Way to go, man! Hey, can you
dialog: stop for a second? Yo, Jack!
text: Jack smiles and drives on.
text: Jack passes by an area of the city in his new car, and Sally is on
text: her way to work, a working girl with a briefcase. She stops at a
text: light, next to a workman carrying a mirror. We see Jack's Jeep
text: first in the mirror, then Sally sees him. She tries to say hello,
text: but he doesn't see her.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL BUILDING - DAY
text: Jack is running stairs, with Angel watching, holding a stop watch.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - DAY
text: Jack and Angel are standing in the river, throwing kicks.
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING GYM - DAY
text: Angel is drilling Jack with Muay Thai bags. Jack is kicking hard,
text: sweating up a storm.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - DAY
text: Jack and Angel are running together. They start to sprint, and
text: Angel is staying right with him.
scene_heading: INT. JACK APARTMENT - DAY
text: Jack is heading for the door for a workout. He stops at the sink
dialog: and takes his "vitamin".
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING GYM - DAY
text: Jack is lifting weights, with Angel as his coach. He is working
text: very hard, and Angel is urging him to work even harder.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jack is lying in the whirlpool, the bubbles flying around him, the
text: steam rising, taking the pain out of his tired muscles.
text: The door to the locker room opens and Jack barely acknowledges it,
text: he is so exhausted.
text: We get the impression of a HUGE, HULKING BEAST who appears in the
text: steam behind Jack, who is totally unaware.
text: The Beast comes closer, big hands and arms reaching for Jack, when
text: a muffled order is BARKED.
text: Jack sits up straight in the whirlpool, looking around for
dialog: someone, something.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Who's there?
text: No one answers.
text: The Beast recedes into the anonymity of the steam, leaving Jack
text: searching in the steam for the something he thought he saw.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This is a rookie thing, right, guys? Ha,
dialog: good one! You guys got me a good one!
text: He sits back down in the whirlpool, but doesn't quite relax the
dialog: way he was before.
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING GYM - NIGHT
text: Jack, after his whirlpool, comes out of the locker room.
text: He goes past the Women's locker room, and there is Angel, in full
text: view, almost completely naked. Jack doesn't want to look, but he
text: stops anyway.
text: Angel knows that Jack is watching, and she consciously gives him a
dialog: little show.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERFIGHT ARENA - NIGHT
text: TIGHT ON RING, where a SuperFights bout is going on. Two
text: flamboyant fighters are going at each other, in a series of great
text: techniques. It's RASPUTIN against THE MERCENARY. Rasputin is
text: dressed like a Red Army General crossed with a mad monk. The
text: Mercenary is dressed like an American soldier in this "patriotic"
dialog: battle.
text: Angel and Jack are sitting with Robert in the crowd.
text: Jack is in street clothes, watching the action (his first fight is
text: not for a little while). The crowd is loud and ready for blood and
text: violence, and the SuperFights are ready to give it to them.
text: INSERT: Underground betting is going on here.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You ready for this craziness?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (looking at Angel)
dialog: You bet. Just say the word.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: It's Angel's call.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Soon.
text: The fight continues, and The Mercenary is really taking the fight
text: to him, but the things that The Mercenary is doing aren't having
dialog: any effect on Rasputin.
text: In fact, Rasputin looks really angry. The Mercenary hits him with
text: a roundhouse right, and there is NO reaction. Nothing.
text: The Mercenary stops fighting and stares at Rasputin, unbelieving.
speaker_heading: THE MERCENARY
dialog: C'mon, man. Let's do it.
text: At that moment, Rasputin attacks, and tears into The Mercenary.
text: The Mercenary is not ready for the onslaught, and he is getting
dialog: really hurt.
text: The crowd is going wild, and everyone is on their feet.
text: Robert is concerned. He looks at Angel.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: What's going on?
text: Angel shrugs, and looks back at the ring.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
speaker_heading: FIND OUT!
text: Angel nods and rushes off. Robert forces a smile to Jack, then
text: concentrates on the fight again.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON RING
text: The Mercenary is a bloody mess, and Rasputin is raging at everyone
text: and everything. Darkcloud is yelling at Rasputin to let The
dialog: Mercenary go.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: C'mon, man, he's hurt. Let me come get
dialog: him...
speaker_heading: RASPUTIN
dialog: He's mine!
text: The other SuperFighters, including Night Stalker and Darkcloud,
text: are debating whether to go inside to get Rasputin. They are about
text: to go in, when one of the Doctors shows up with a tranquilizer
dialog: gun.
text: He takes aim at Rasputin, who is still putting a hurt on The
text: Mercenary. He slaps his neck where the tranquilizer goes in, and
text: SCREAMS at the assemblage, then falls into a heap on the ground.
text: The Mercenary falls unconscious next to him.
text: Jack is still watching from the stands.
text: In the Ring both fighters are being carted out by paramedics.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: What a fight! Don't want to meet the Mad
dialog: Russian in some dark alley later, I'll
dialog: tell you that... Next up, Darkcloud takes
dialog: on the Dynamic Duo. It's two against one!
dialog: <BEAT> I've just been informed that we
dialog: have our newest SuperFighter in the crowd
dialog: - Jack Cody,
text: A spotlight illuminates Jack, and he puts his hand up to see
text: through the glare. The crowd erupts in applause when Jack stands
dialog: up.
text: It's his moment in the sun, and the bright light wipes out the
text: image of the fight before.
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING GYM - DAY
text: Jack and Angel are working out. They are trading kicks, warming
text: up. Angel is an incredible martial artist. Both of them are
text: wearing protective gear, which is very futuristic and high tech.
text: They start to speed up, and Jack begins to wonder if he could take
text: her. He tries to score some points on her, and catches her off
text: guard. He scores a kick to the body, and smiles a little.
text: Angel stops and looks at him, hands on her hips.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You want to go?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sure. You?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You think you're ready?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ready as ever.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: OK. Go for it.
text: They bow to each other and then touch fists. Jack gets into a
text: fighting stance, and starts to throw a combination, but before he
text: can even move, Angel is all over him. She is throwing all sorts of
text: techniques, feet and hands, and she is scoring at will. Her
text: movements are like lightning, and Jack is getting an old fashioned
text: ass whupping.
text: Angel spots Robert off to the side, watching. Angel, in order to
text: make Jack look good, starts to lose.
text: They go at it, and Jack is very impressive. Angel leaves herself
text: open for an attack, and Jack responds with a flying spin kick,
text: hitting her.
text: Robert comes out of the background now, applauding a little.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Is he ready?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Yes.
text: Robert exits the room, and he and Angel slap hands, excited. Angel
text: then pulls him into an embrace, one that starts as a celebration
text: and quickly moves to something else.
text: Jack catches himself and pulls away from her.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You better get some rest, Jack. We can,
dialog: you know, finish this later...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Right.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hey, I read where the police found
text: Rasputin's body. What happened to him?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Random killing, I guess. It's a violent
dialog: world, Jack...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How'd he get so out of control?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I told you about asking questions, Jack.
dialog: "Sides, the SuperFights await.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What's it like?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Nothing you've ever seen before...
text: She walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. SALLY HOUSE - DAY
text: Sally comes walking up to her house, a piece of paper in her hand.
text: It is a playbill advertising the next SuperFights.
text: Jack, as the "All American Hero," is featured prominently in the
text: ad, which is selling tickets and the pay-per-view coverage. Sally
text: looks at the playbill for a long time, remembering Jack and the
dialog: way her Grandfather treated him.
text: Just then, the door to their house opens, and Grandfather, an
text: expert in ancient Chinese healing arts, is showing an injured
text: PATIENT out of the house.
text: Sally sees her grandfather and quickly folds the playbill into the
text: smallest possible size, then hides it in her purse. She then walks
text: into her house.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPERFIGHT ARENA - NIGHT
text: "SuperFights Tonight" lights up the arena marquee.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERFIGHT ARENA - SAME NIGHT
text: The crowd is jumping, and the arena is packed. In the center is
text: the SuperFights ring/cage, and all the spotlights are on it.
text: A martial arts demonstration is going on in the center, and the
text: crowd is cheering as three children use various martial arts
text: weapons in a demonstration. They finish and bow to the crowd.
scene_heading: INT. ARENA LOCKER ROOM - SAME NIGHT
text: Jack is sitting at his locker, his uniform on. It is a mixture of
dialog: traditional martial arts and patriotic glitz - all in all,
dialog: however, the effect isn't bad.
text: He's nervous, tapping his feet and taking deep breaths.
text: Budokai and Darkcloud come over to him and clap him on the
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: Don't worry! The first one's a piece of
dialog: cake!
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: You're being groomed for the big time,
dialog: man. No way you'll lose!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You think so? You think I'm ready?
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: Sure! Who you going up against?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The Enforcer.
text: Budokai and Darkcloud share a look, their smiles gone. Then,
text: quickly, they smile again.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: Nothing to worry about. The guy's a punk.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (wanting to believe)
dialog: Great. Thanks. I feel much better...
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUPERFIGHT ARENA - SAME NIGHT
text: Jack getting SLAMMED in the face by The Enforcer, a huge, very
text: angry fighter.
text: He gets HAMMERED again, and thrown to the canvas floor!
text: ANGLE ON ANGEL, WHO IS WORKING HIS CORNER, SHE WINCES AS HE HITS
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Take the fall, Jack! Absorb it!
text: The Enforcer stands Jack up, and puts him into a hold that looks
dialog: very painful, but really isn't.
speaker_heading: THE ENFORCER
dialog: We met before, didn't we? C'mon, Jack. I
dialog: thought you were supposed to be the All
dialog: American Hero. Show me something.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON JACK'S MOTHER
text: She is in the audience, and is very concerned about Jack.
text: The Enforcer smiles and takes him down with an elaborate Judo
text: throw, then LANDS right on top of him. Jack's wind comes
text: completely out of him, and he is just about out.
text: He looks through the ropes, trying to find Angel, but instead he
text: spots Sally, who is sitting near the side of the ring.
text: She motions for him to get up, and surprisingly, he starts to get
text: off the canvas.
text: Jack stands completely up and turns to The Enforcer, who is urging
text: on the crowd in the center of the ring, his back to Jack, not even
text: looking at him.
text: Jack goes over and taps on The Enforcer's shoulder. The Enforcer
text: turns, face curious, only to get BLASTED with a right cross!
text: He stumbles back and Jack starts a series of beautiful movements
text: (ones that Angel taught him). The Enforcer is defenseless, and he
text: gets rocked over and over again.
text: Finally, The Enforcer is out on his feet, and Jack sizes him up.
text: He launches and connects with a flying spinning hook kick,
dialog: knocking The Enforcer out!
text: Jack's mother, relieved, gets up and walks out. She is not happy,
text: but she is glad that Jack is safe.
text: Jack lands on his feet after the kick and the crowd goes crazy!
text: Jack raises his hands in the air and quickly goes to the side of
text: the ring where he saw Sally, looking for her in the crowd.
text: She is on her way to the ring.
text: Jack sees that her seat is empty, and before he can look anywhere
text: else, Angel grabs him and pulls him into a deep kiss.
text: Sally sees this kiss and stops in her tracks, stunned. She turns
text: and walks the other way.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You did it!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We did it!
text: Jack is still looking for Sally.
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING GYM - DAY
text: Jack is training, and now all the other SuperFighters are in the
text: gym training too. They are sparring, they are lifting weights,
text: some are working out on treadmills or exercise bikes. It isa
text: flurry of activity.
text: Jack is stretching to one side, taking it all in. He pushes his
text: rear end forward, holding that stretch.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I think I remember that position from
dialog: somewhere... I just can't seem to put my
dialog: finger on it...
text: Angel puts her hand on his buttocks, and Jack jumps.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: C'mon, Angel. Cut it out!
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You seem a little jumpy, you OK?
text: Angel smiles and walks up, and Jack continues his stretching.
text: Budokai comes up to him, holding a kicking bag.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: Hold this for me, will ya?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You bet.
text: He steadies himself for the kick. Budokai does a stepping side
text: kick into the bag, propelling Jack into the wall behind him, where
text: he hits a bunch of pads and other training apparatus. It all falls
text: down around Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Nice kick, man.
text: Budokai watches him for a moment, and looks like he's about to
text: erupt in laughter. Then, he thinks better of it and goes over to
text: where Jack is and helps him up.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: You must have slipped, Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Right, yeah, I slipped.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERFIGHT ARENA - NIGHT
text: QUICK SHOT OF JACK IN THE RING, FACING OFF AGAINST ANOTHER FIGHTER
text: We just catch the tail end, as Jack prepares to knock him out.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: No mercy!
text: Jack takes him out with another flashy kick. This time, Jack
text: hasn't gotten hurt at all - he's the All American Hero, after all.
text: Sally is in the audience again, watching and cheering for Jack.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - DAY
text: Jack, dressed in an expensive leather coat, exits the restaurant
text: with Angel on his arm. A line of FANS, mostly KIDS, are waiting
text: outside with things for him to autograph.
text: Jack loves the attention, and he stops and signs for them.
text: One especially cute KID waits at the end of the line. Jack smiles
text: at Angel and kneels down in front of him. The Kid holds the piece
text: of paper out to Jack, then looks at him very seriously.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: You're my favorite in the whole world!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you really a hero?
text: Jack smiles and takes the paper, then turns and looks at Angel and
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I try my best, kid. I try my best.
text: He signs the autograph and they walk on.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - NIGHT
text: An expensive limousine drives down the street. Suddenly, a car
text: careens out of control through the intersection, sliding to a stop
text: right in front of the limo.
text: The LIMO DRIVER leans on the horn, but nobody gets out of the car.
text: The Limo Driver gets out and walks up to the car to see if someone
dialog: is hurt, or if anyone needs help.
text: From out of nowhere FLIES Budokai, KICKING the Limo Driver in the
text: head, sending him down the ground.
text: Out of the shadows of the street come two other SuperFighters,
text: Night Stalker and Darkcloud, and they jump into the front seat of
dialog: the limo.
scene_heading: INT. LIMO - SAME NIGHT
text: A short, thin man, GERACIOTI, is sitting on the back seat, two
text: beautiful women in various stages of undress are sitting next to
text: him. On the floor is a satchel.
speaker_heading: NIGHT STALKER
dialog: Sorry to cause coitus interruptus, but I
dialog: think you have something for us.
text: The man indicates the bag on the floor.
speaker_heading: NIGHT STALKER
dialog: I'll take that.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: (reaching out for one of the
dialog: women)
dialog: And I'll take you!
text: Night Stalker slaps Darkcloud on the arm and motions for him to
text: get out of the car.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: Maybe some other time, my sweet!
text: They exit the car.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERFIGHT ARENA - NIGHT
text: Jack is in the ring, facing off against a bigger, faster, better
text: opponent, The Mercenary, this time. However, Jack wins again,
text: using his impressive and very distinctive style to beat him.
text: In the audience sits Sally, cheering Jack on, anxious for him to
text: catch a glimpse of her. The Grandfather is sitting with her.
scene_heading: INT. JACK APARTMENT - SAME NIGHT
text: Jack is in the bathroom, washing up. He is staring at himself in
text: the mirror, examining his face and his body. He is wearing only
text: bikini briefs.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Did you think that fight tonight went
dialog: awful fast? I mean, I barely hit him and
dialog: he went down.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You were great, Jack! They loved you!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, but was I that great? Am I that
dialog: good?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Don't ask me, I'm not exactly impartial...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, but do you think they're taking it
dialog: easy on me because I'm new? I don't want
dialog: anything given to me...
text: Jack grabs a robe and walks out of the bathroom, comes around the
text: corner towards the bedroom, and there stands Angel, dressed only
text: in a dress shirt and panties. She is in a fighting stance, her
text: hands up.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I want you to give it up to me!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: C'mon, Angel. What are you doing?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You want a fight, you got one.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I've never fought anyone in lace panties
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Enjoy it while you can.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Angel...
text: She attacks, and they trade playful techniques, and then Jack
text: SWEEPS her to the bed, landing next to her in an embrace.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Oh, Jack Cody, you sweep me off my feet.
text: She pulls him into a kiss, laughing. Jack returns the kiss for a
text: moment, then pulls away.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: C'mon, Jack. Just one time? It doesn't
dialog: have to mean anything.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes, it does. Besides, you're my trainer,
dialog: and my friend.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: What are friends for?
text: Jack doesn't say anything, so she gets up.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You don't know what you're missing.
text: She leaves, but not before giving Jack a good look at her body.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm getting a sneak preview...
scene_heading: INT. GANG APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Geracioti is sitting with his wise guys in the apartment, talking
dialog: and bitching about the way things are, and the way things ought to
text: be. Geracioti is talking to his two bodyguards, MUSCLE 1 and
speaker_heading: MUSCLE 2.
text: A large metal ceiling fan is spinning fast above their heads.
speaker_heading: GERACIOTI
dialog: Those guys think they got us, think we're
dialog: gonna just roll over - they got another
dialog: think coming.
text: The Gang Leader stands up and walks, posturing.
speaker_heading: GERACIOTI
dialog: They gonna get the message when they open
dialog: that briefcase, you know what I'm saying?
dialog: We control too much to just give it away.
text: Suddenly, the lights go OFF, plunging the apartment into complete
text: darkness. A second later, the emergency lights come on.
speaker_heading: GERACIOTI
dialog: What the hell?
speaker_heading: MUSCLE 1
dialog: I'm there, checkin...
text: The door to the room SMASHES open! The Beast BLASTS through the
text: room, hitting everything in his way. He knocks out both of the
text: Muscles, then GRABS Geracioti by the throat and lifts him off the
dialog: ground.
text: They are right under the fast moving ceiling fan.
text: Geracioti is screaming, and sounds of running and shouting can be
text: heard out in the halls.
text: Robert walks through the shattered door, flanked by Darkcloud and
dialog: Night Stalker.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: We opened the case.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Wake one of them up! I want a witness when
text: he dies.
text: Darkcloud JERKS one of the Muscles up off the ground, and SLAPS
text: him in the face to bring him around.
text: Robert walks over to Leader and smiles. He looks up at the ceiling
dialog: fan.
speaker_heading: GERACIOTI
dialog: C'mon, man! DON'T!!
text: Robert ignores him and turns to the Muscle.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You see this? This is what happens. DO YOU
dialog: SEE?
text: The Muscle nods his head, scared that he's next.
text: Robert, after a BEAT, turns back to the Beast and nods.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: No one steals from me. No one.
text: Robert motions to the Beast and he raises Geracioti up.
text: Geracioti's head hits the fan, and blood SPRAYS all over the room.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: This must be what they mean when they say
text: the shit hits the fan.
text: Robert watches for a moment, then turns to the Muscle. He comes
text: right up to him, face to sweating face.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Spread the word. Fear me.
text: He exits without another word.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - MORNING
text: Jack is running and training outside, throwing punches while he
text: works on his endurance. It is foggy out, and as Jack turns on one
text: of the paths, he sees a hulking Figure.
text: He stops for a moment, spooked, and looks for the Figure, but it's
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Who's there?
text: He continues running, but suddenly, he is attacked by a Masked
text: Man. They fight, and the Masked Man is a much better fighter than
text: Jack. Jack is trying to block him, but he cannot.
speaker_heading: MASKED MAN
dialog: You're not winning the fights, they're
dialog: losing them.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Bullshit! I'm a great fighter.
text: The Masked Man SLAMS Jack HARD, sending him to the ground.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: MASKED MAN
dialog: Robert's not just a promoter, and you're
dialog: not just a fighter. It goes way beyond
dialog: that. Illegal death matches, fixing
dialog: fights, gambling, drugs, organized crime,
dialog: murder - he's into it all. You've got to
dialog: get out while you can.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I haven't seen any of that...
speaker_heading: MASKED MAN
dialog: Not yet. But you will. You're a product,
dialog: and once you are the fighter he wants you
dialog: to be, you'll become a killer too. Like
dialog: the rest...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I won those fights...
speaker_heading: MASKED MAN
dialog: We both know you didn't. Pull out while
dialog: you still can. And, Jack, don't take the
dialog: pills. They aren't vitamins...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Wait! How do I do that?
text: The Masked Man is walking away, but he pauses right before he
dialog: exits.
speaker_heading: MASKED MAN
dialog: Just say no.
text: He is gone, leaving Jack standing in the park all alone. Suddenly,
text: the life of a SuperFighter doesn't seem quite so glamorous.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERFRONT - DAY
text: Jack is walking along the riverfront, his hands in his pockets, He
text: is absently watching the traffic on the river, and the people
text: walking around him.
text: Jack walks a little bit more, then notices a man off to one side,
text: in a little park, going through a martial arts routine. It's soft
text: style Tai Zhi Quan, and the man is obviously an expert. Jack comes
text: a little closer for a better look, and realizes that the man in
dialog: Sally's Grandfather.
text: Jack smiles and watches the man move. Very athletic, very
text: graceful, with an underlying strength.
text: The man finishes up a particularly intricate set, then goes and
text: drinks some water out of a bottle.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: (his back to Jack)
dialog: You haven't come to see my granddaughter
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I didn't feel particularly welcome.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: You give up on everything so easily?
text: Jack thinks about that one for a moment.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, but I...
dialog: Jack thinks
dialog: Grandfather
dialog: Grandfather
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: She is a rare jewel, a wonderful girl...
dialog: woman.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes, she is.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Yet you don't come to see her?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: I have no answer for that.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: I see you in the TV ads. You're a famous
dialog: fighter now.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah. Famous.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: You are troubled by something?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You could say that.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: I began training my daughter in the
dialog: martial arts. Will you do me a favor?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Come to her training tomorrow morning,
dialog: 6:30 am, sharp! It will be a happy
text: surprise for her.
text: for a moment, then smiles.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: For us both. Can you teach me to move like
dialog: you?
text: scribbles an address on a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: I'm not a miracle worker. <Smile> Here's
dialog: the address. It's not much, but it serves
dialog: our purpose.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: See you tomorrow morning.
text: starts in on another form.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Is that Tai Zhi?
text: No answer from Grandfather. Jack smiles and walks on, feeling
dialog: better than he's felt in a long time.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - MORNING
text: It is deserted when Grandfather and Sally drive up in his beaten
text: up pick up truck. They get out and Grandfather looks around for
text: Jack. There is a homeless person sleeping under a paper box near
text: some trash barrels, but no Jack.
text: Grandfather shakes his head, angry at Jack, and at himself.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Damn it!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What's the matter, Grandfather?
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
text: Life is filled with disappointments,
dialog: Granddaughter. Let's go inside.
text: As they head for the door to the warehouse, the figure under the
text: paper box stirs, and then stands up.
dialog: It's Jack!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Jack!
text: Jack turns towards her and smiles.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Where have you guys been?
text: Grandfather is sincerely pleased that Jack is there, but he is
text: doing his best to hide it.
text: Jack and Sally embrace, but that is quickly broken up by
dialog: Grandfather.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: We are here to train, not kissie kissie.
text: Jack and Sally come apart, reluctantly, and line up.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Time's a wasting, Grandfather!
text: They go inside.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - SAME MORNING
text: Jack and Sally are lined up in the middle of the warehouse, which
text: has some old Chinese training devices in it, as well as
dialog: miscellaneous boxes, etc.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: The martial arts are about controlling
dialog: your body, your mind... and your emotions.
text: Jack and Sally look at each other and smile.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Horse stance!
text: They both get into a horse stance, and what follows is a MONTAGE
scene_heading: OF TRAINING SEQUENCES:
text: Grandfather repositions Jack's hands. Sally SLAMMING Jack in the
text: chest with a palm heel. Grandfather working on footwork and
text: movement with Jack. Jack kicking, and Grandfather coming up and
text: showing him a slightly different
text: way. Jack and Sally stretching together. They are sweaty and
text: tired, but there is a spark there.
text: The workout is over, and Jack is riding a high that he's never
text: felt before. He yanks his jacket off the floor, and his keys fall
text: out, and so does one of the pills.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: (picking up the pill)
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They said they were vitamins.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: I don't think so. Don't take any more
dialog: until I check it out.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sure. Thanks for having me.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: You will come back tomorrow?
text: Sally smiles and looks at Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Bright and early.
dialog: (to Sally)
dialog: You want to have dinner tonight?
text: Sally smiles and is about to say yes. Before she can say it,
dialog: however,
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Jack!
text: Both Jack and Sally, surprised, turn towards the Grandfather. Jack
text: is steeling himself for another scolding.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: You have her home by 11:00 pm, no later!
dialog: You hear!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You bet, Grandfather.
text: Grandfather smiles.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: See you tonight!
text: He exits.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Jack and Sally are eating at a very nice restaurant. We can see
text: them through the front plate glass window. A couple of people come
text: up for autographs, but then they are alone.
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING GYM - SAME DAY
text: Jack is lifting weights, around the other SuperFighters. At a
text: certain time, all of them are provided with pills and cups of
text: water to drink them with. Jack takes his, and makes like he is
dialog: drinking them.
text: After he drinks, Darkcloud winks at Jack.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: Breakfast of champions, eh, Jack?
text: Jack smiles and then coughs into his fist. The pills he put in his
text: mouth are shot into his hand, and he stuffs them into the pocket
text: of his workout shorts.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: Jack and Sally are training together, doing a little sparring.
text: After they have warmed up a little, Grandfather puts them through
text: the paces. He runs Jack through an agility drill, then holds the
text: pads for him to hit.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: I had the pill checked out, Jack.
dialog: Steroids, growth hormone and some other
dialog: chemical.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Which one?
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Don't remember. The pharmacist said
dialog: something about mind control.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I stopped taking the pills, but they'll
dialog: know something's going on if I'm not
dialog: getting any stronger.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: You will.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What do you have in mind?
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Qi training.
text: He places an aluminum can in front of Jack.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Hit this.
text: Jack goes to punch the can, but Grandfather moves it so that Jack
text: is punching at air.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: With your qi. Qi is inner energy. Your
dialog: life force. Everyone has qi, you just have
dialog: to learn how to use it. Watch!
text: Grandfather puts his hand out and stops it about 6 inches from the
text: can. He closes his eyes and concentrates, an amber glow surrounds
text: his hand (SFX), and then the can MOVES ABOUT SIX INCHES!
dialog: All by itself!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What the hell?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do that again!
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: (fire in his eyes)
dialog: It's not a magic trick! You do it!
text: Jack puts the can up on the table and put his hand out, mimicking
text: Grandfather, looking stupid. He concentrates but the can refuses
dialog: to move.
text: Jack smiles. He thinks it's a trick.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's qi? Qi.
dialog: (mispronounces the word)
dialog: Sounds like you are sneezing.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Qi.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Bless you.
text: Grandfather walks over to Jack and puts his hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: It's Chinese for inner energy, Jack. QI!
text: He then flexes his palm on Jack's shoulder, and Jack goes flying
text: across the room, SLAMMING against the wall and sliding down.
text: Jack nods, then pronounces the word correctly.
speaker_heading: JACK
scene_heading: Q-Q-Q-Q-Q-Qi.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Qi can be used for protection, and for
dialog: attack. It requires much practice, and
dialog: meditation. Breathing and qi are
text: connected. Each breath brings in power and
dialog: strength...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - SAME DAY
text: Jack is sitting and meditating with his eyes closed. Sitting next
text: to him is Grandfather, who has his eyes OPEN! Sally is behind them
text: both, her eyes closed.
text: Jack is having real trouble concentrating. He is shifting in his
text: position, rolling his head on his shoulders, trying to get
text: comfortable. He opens his eyes and looks around, and sees that
text: Grandfather has his eyes open.
text: He looks at Sally, then back to Grandfather. He then puts his hand
text: out in front of Grandfather, to see if he can see the hand.
dialog: No reaction.
text: He does a few more things, then decides he is going to attack
text: Grandfather. He prepares a backfist, then lets it fly towards
text: Grandfather's head.
text: Before it can land, however, Grandfather blocks it with one hand,
text: and SLAPS the back of Jack's head with the other.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: This meditation is more advanced. It
dialog: trains you to distinguish the false from
dialog: the true. Now, clear your mind and
dialog: continue.
text: Grandfather and Jack continue to meditate.
scene_heading: EXT. SALLY HOUSE - SAME NIGHT
text: They are saying good-bye outside the house.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Your grandfather's a great guy.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Didn't start out that way...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He was just looking out for you.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I got news for you, he's still looking out
dialog: for me.
text: She pulls him into a kiss, and it's a major league, passionate
dialog: one.
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING GYM - DAY
text: Jack is training with Angel. He's working on the heavy bag, and
text: she's watching him, charting his progress.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You're not getting much stronger, Jack. I
dialog: don't get it. We normally see 25% increase
dialog: by this time, and you're way behind
dialog: schedule. What gives?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Got me, Coach.
text: Just then, Robert walks in, briefcase in hand, and motions for
text: Darkcloud and Night Stalker to join him. They break off from their
text: training and follow him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I gotta take a leak... I mean, I have to
dialog: use the facilities, Ma'am. May I?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I'll be right here.
text: Jack grabs and towels and heads down the hallway to the bathroom,
text: and walks right by the room where Robert, Darkcloud and Night
text: Stalker went. Jack pauses outside the door for a moment, and sees
text: Robert put the briefcase down on the desk and open it. Jack gets a
text: glimpse of money in the suitcase, lots of money, before the door
text: is closed.
text: Jack continues on to the restroom.
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT OFFICE - SAME NIGHT
text: Robert and Angel are getting dressed, after having made love in
text: his office. Robert treats Angel like his property, and Angel is
dialog: starting not to like it.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: So, what's up with Jack? He checking out,
dialog: strength and speed and all that?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: (after a slight hesitation)
dialog: He's right on schedule.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Do you think I can trust him? I look ata
dialog: lot of fighters, Angel, and I can't afford
dialog: to get burnt. Do you think it's time we
dialog: took him out with us?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Not yet. Hell, he still thinks he's
text: winning his fights, fair and square.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Good. Keep it that way. It's good for
dialog: business, and he's become quite a star,
dialog: hasn't he? He's young, and we've got all
dialog: the time in the world.
text: Robert watches Angel as she continues dressing.
text: He GRABS her by the hair and pulls her to him, yanking her hair
text: back, lifting her face to his.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You're not getting star struck, are you?
text: Angel tries to shake her head, but Robert has her held too
dialog: tightly.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You don't forget who trained you, and
text: Darkcloud, Night Stalker and the others,
dialog: do you?
text: Again, she tries to shake her head, but cannot.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Good!
text: He kisses her brutally, then lets her go, pushing her back to her
dialog: clothes.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Let yourself out. I have a meeting.
text: He exits the room, and Angel wipes her mouth with the back of her
text: hand, trying to get the taste of him off her.
text: There is real anger in her eyes as she continues dressing.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Grandfather is drilling Jack in qi cultivation. They are doing
text: sticking hands, and Grandfather talks while they drill.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: The key to using qi is your waist and
dialog: legs. You can use your opponent's energy
text: against him, by sensing the attack and
dialog: reacting immediately, before he hits you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Attack me.
text: Grandfather closes his eyes, and Jack throws a punch at him. It
text: looks like it is going to hit him, but at the last minute,
text: Grandfather avoids the punch, redirects the force, then comes back
text: at Jack, throwing him back about 3 feet.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: I am talking about spontaneous reaction.
dialog: Your body has a field around it, and when
dialog: an attack comes, you feel it.
text: Jack looks at Grandfather, and he knows Jack doesn't understand.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Hold out your hand.
text: Grandfather looks at the hand, then thrusts a pin into it. Before
text: it can go in too far, Jack YELPS and pulls his hand away.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Spontaneous reaction. See?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, I see.
text: They start sticking hands training again.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - NIGHT
text: Three SuperFighters, Budokai, Night Stalker and Darkcloud are
text: duking it out with an Asian gang (5). They beat them handily.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: You're out of business.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERFIGHT ARENA - NIGHT
text: Jack is fighting in the ring, and at one critical moment in the
text: fight, he tries to use the qi training he is learning. It doesn't
text: work, however, and Jack is SLAMMED by the other fighter, Night
dialog: Stalker.
text: Surprised, Jack moves away from him, trying to recover. Finally,
text: he finishes off Night Stalker, then raises his hands to the crowd.
text: The applause is deafening.
text: Jack turns to all corners of the crowd, and smiles at Sally.
text: Angel watches him closely, and sees the look he gives Sally.
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING GYM - DAY
text: Jack is lifting weights with the other SuperFighters. Several
text: CLOSEUPS of SuperFighters training (men and women), their rage
text: apparent. They are so big, and so emotionally on edge.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Jack working on his qi training with Grandfather. He is frustrated
text: by Jack's inability to concentrate, so he gets a machine out. This
text: machine generates lights and sounds, allowing Jack to concentrate.
text: Jack puts on glasses, and does his meditation.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - DAY
text: Jack, in the early morning rays of the sun, is doing a soft style
dialog: Tai Zhi form. It's beautiful.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: Sticking hands.
dialog: More Machine
text: Jack working on moving the can.
dialog: More machine.
text: Grandfather turns off the machine and attacks Jack, who still has
text: the eye piece on. Jack is able to defend himself. He doesn't even
text: notice that he cannot see anything.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Jack is eating dim sum in Chinatown with Sally and Grandfather.
text: Grandfather and Sally are busy ordering, in Chinese, and so Jack
text: is very bored.
text: Jack is sitting there trying to move a can of soda. An amber glow
text: appears for a split second (SFX), and the can jiggles a little.
text: Jack is elated.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It moved! It moved!
text: Grandfather looks at the waiter and shrugs.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: You bumped the table.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm telling you it moved!
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: All right, all right. It moved. We're ina
dialog: restaurant, Jack.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERFIGHT ARENA - NIGHT
text: The crowd is going crazy, ready for the next SuperFight.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (0.S.)
text: Next up... Darkcloud against The All
dialog: American Hero!
scene_heading: INT. ARENA LOCKER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jack is all dressed and ready to go for his next fight. He is
text: standing near the door, waiting for his introduction. There is a
text: light sheen of sweat over his skin, and he can't wait to get into
dialog: the ring.
text: Robert and Angel appear at Jack's side.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mr. Sawyer! How are you?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Jack, I want you to lose this fight.
text: Jack smiles and nods, then does a double take. He stares at
text: Robert, looks at Angel, then decides that he's joking.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Good one, Mr. Sawyer.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: The decision has been made, Jack. You
dialog: don't win this fight. I'm setting you up
dialog: for a huge title match later. You lose to
dialog: Darkcloud tonight.
text: The crowd is chanting Jack's name.
text: INSERT: Underground betting is going on here.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Jack Cody! Jack Cody!
text: Robert starts to walk away, leaving Angel standing there. Jack
text: looks at Angel, but she cannot meet his gaze.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mr. Sawyer?
text: Robert doesn't listen and continues to walk away.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Give it up for a fighter who needs no
text: introduction, the ALLLLL AMERICAN HERO!
text: The spotlight swivels around to find Jack, standing at the
text: entrance to the locker room. It lights him up and the crowd ROARS,
text: but he is still looking off towards Robert.
text: Stunned.
text: Finally, Angel edges him towards the ring, and he goes, in a sort
text: of fog.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERFIGHTER ARENA - SAME NIGHT
text: Jack is inside the ring, facing off with Darkcloud.
text: Jack is losing, as he is supposed to. He is still in kind of a
dialog: daze.
text: Robert is in the crowd, and he looks a little concerned.
text: Darkcloud clinches with Jack, and whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: Jack, man, you gotta make it look good.
dialog: You gotta be beating me before you take
dialog: the dive.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why do I take a dive?
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
text: It's in the script.
text: Jack breaks the clinch and still he is being beaten up. He gets
text: taken down, and is in real trouble.
text: Jack looks into the crowd and sees Sally, who has a very concerned
text: look on her face. Jack is filled with confusion, and gets back up
dialog: slowly.
text: They start fighting again, and now Jack begins to show some spark.
text: Robert, seeing the change, is relieved.
text: The fight continues for a little bit, with Jack having the upper
dialog: hand now.
text: The fighters clinch again.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: Good man. Let me catch my breath, then I'm
dialog: gonna take you out.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You and what army?
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: Don't try it, Jack, man. It ain't worth
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm not going down.
text: They break, and now Darkcloud is pissed. This was supposed to be
text: his win. He charges Jack, intent on really taking him out.
text: Jack sidesteps the attack, and mounts his own. It's fast and
text: furious, and very dangerous. Jack uses some of the techniques that
text: Grandfather has been teaching him.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON ANGEL
text: She knows what Jack is supposed to do, and sees what he is doing.
text: She's not sure if she should be angry, or cheer his rebellion.
text: Jack avoids Darkcloud's brutal attacks, and continues to score. He
text: finally sets Darkcloud up for the knockout blow.
text: He pauses for a moment, looking first at Angel and then into the
dialog: crowd for Robert.
scene_heading: TIGHT ON ROBERT
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Don't do it.
text: He smiles, then the CAMERA PULLS OUT and Jack KNOCKS Darkcloud
text: into oblivion.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ROBERT
text: Who is furious.
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON TABLE
text: Jack's contract SLAMS down on the table.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: See this contract? You signed it! You
dialog: don't decide that you are going to win a
dialog: match. I tell you to do something, and you
dialog: do it. You hear me?
speaker_heading: JACK
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Nobody asked you to talk! Was I clear when
dialog: I told you to lose the match?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mr. Sawyer, let me explain...
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: WAS I CLEAR?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Before I decided to train you, you were a
text: box boy at a sporting goods store, for
dialog: crying out loud. Now, you're a hero and
dialog: you're famous. A pretty good deal, I
dialog: think, and all I ask is for you to follow
dialog: orders. Can you do that?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I think I can...
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Don't think, Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You can count on me, Mr. Sawyer.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (softening up)
dialog: Jack, maybe we started off wrong. This is
dialog: entertainment, and we want to give the
dialog: audience a good show. Sometimes, that
dialog: means we have to play with the outcome,
dialog: make a fight better than it otherwise
dialog: would be, right?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
text: Good. Night Stalker and Darkcloud are
dialog: leading a little expedition tonight, and I
dialog: want you to go along, help out. OK?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: OK. I'm there.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Good. And Jack?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes, Mr. Sawyer?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: No one disobeys me twice.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Jack exits the room.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINATOWN - SAME NIGHT
text: A restaurant sits on the corner of the street. It is closing up
text: for the night. A van pulls up to the front of the store, and the
text: SuperFighters, Jack in tow, pile out and go into the restaurant.
scene_heading: INT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - SAME NIGHT
text: The group, led by Darkcloud, Budokai and Night Stalker, walk into
dialog: the restaurant.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: Don't sweat it, Jack. It was a lucky shot,
dialog: anyway! Don't ever do that again. You
dialog: won't live to see the sun. You understand?
speaker_heading: NIGHT STALKER
dialog: It's humiliating to get reamed out, man,
dialog: but at least you're still alive, bro.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah. What are we doing here?
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: The dirty work. You develop a taste for
dialog: it, though.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Chinese food?
speaker_heading: NIGHT STALKER
dialog: Yeah, right.
text: Darkcloud goes up to the main counter and SLAMS his fist down on
text: the glass, SHATTERING it into a thousand pieces.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: Wang, you've been a bad boy.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: (to Jack)
dialog: Wang is the head of the Tong down here,
dialog: and he owes Robert a percentage. We're
dialog: collecting.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I've eaten here before...
text: WANG, a 40ish Chinese man, comes out of the back.
speaker_heading: WANG
dialog: I already sent it to you.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: Give it up, or we trash your place.
speaker_heading: WANG
dialog: Trash?
text: Darkcloud, in answer, KICKS the front of the display case,
text: SHATTERING it as well.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
speaker_heading: TRASH!
text: Out of the back come three WAITERS, and they attack the
text: SuperFighters, Jack included. Jack is forced to fight alongside
text: the SuperFighters, even though he knows that it's not right. But,
dialog: on the other hand, these are Chinese criminals, so...
text: They quickly win the fight, the Waiters aren't very good fighters
dialog: and corner Wang.
text: Darkcloud holds Wang, while Night Stalker savages him. He is
text: hitting him over and over, and blood is everywhere.
text: Jack turns away, not wanting to look at what they are doing to
text: Wang. Budokai grabs him and turns him back, forcing him to look.
speaker_heading: WANG
dialog: OK, OK, I pay you, I pay you.
text: Wang opens his cash register and pulls out all the money. He hands
dialog: it to Jack.
speaker_heading: WANG
dialog: You are a customer here - why do you do
dialog: this?
text: Jack has no answer.
speaker_heading: WANG
dialog: Take it all, I don't care. What do I tell
dialog: the Tong when they come for protection?
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JACK
text: Who is stunned by the man's words. He turns on Budokai.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I thought you said he was the head of the
dialog: Chinese Mafia?
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: So, I may have overstated a little. It's
dialog: no big deal. You have to go along anyway,
dialog: you have no choice.
text: They take all the money and then leave the restaurant.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: The SuperFighters get back into the van, the destruction done.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - SAME NIGHT
text: The van that took the SuperFighters on the raid to Chinatown pulls
text: up in front of the office building, and Jack gets out.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: Sweet dreams, Jack.
text: The van door slides shut and the van takes off. Jack, still shaken
text: by the attack in Chinatown, walks slowly into the parking garage.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING GARAGE - NIGHT
text: Jack is getting into his Jeep, when he hears the sound of
text: footsteps and SHOUTS. Jack ducks behind his Jeep and watches as
text: several of Robert's HENCHMEN SPRINT through the parking garage.
speaker_heading: HENCHMAN 1
dialog: Where'd he go?
speaker_heading: HENCHMAN 2
dialog: Over here! We've got him cornered!
text: They run off, and Jack is too curious not to follow them. He
text: slowly moves around the corner and looks.
text: And is stunned.
text: There, surrounded by Jack's Henchmen is the Beast. Crazed and
dialog: wild.
text: One of the Henchmen tries to grab onto him, and the Beast destroys
text: him, SLAMMING him and then discarding him.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Back away!
text: Jack, alarmed at the sound of Robert's voice, pulls back against
text: the wall. Robert comes walking up with a man in a lab coat, who is
text: carrying a case.
text: Robert pulls a keypad from his pocket and points it at the Beast.
text: He pushes a button, and the collar around the Beast's neck glows.
text: Pain fills the Beast.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Rock, don't do this to me, man!
text: He motions for the doctor, who opens the case and hands Robert a
text: tranquilizer gun.
text: Robert takes the gun, loads it and aims at the Beast.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Sweet dreams.
text: He fires, and the dart sinks into the Beast's neck. Almost
text: immediately, the Beast calms down and starts to sink towards the
dialog: floor.
text: Robert comes close to the Beast then, and kneels down next to him.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'm close, Rock. I'm really close. A
dialog: couple more and I control it all.
text: The Beast shakes his head and roars.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Yes! I say yes, and you will do it!
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JACK
text: Who reacts to the tortured cries of the beast.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I need you, Rock. And you need me.
text: Robert stands up and motions for the Henchmen to come get the
dialog: Beast.
text: Jack, sickened by the entire night, makes his way back to his
text: Jeep. He gets in and sits there, breathing deeply.
scene_heading: INT. JACK APARTMENT - SAME NIGHT
text: Jack opens the door to his apartment, and he is immediately
text: attacked. It is the Masked Man again, and this time Jack is not
dialog: such an easy mark.
text: They fight for a little while, and Jack is incredibly improved.
text: The Masked Man is losing. Jack manages to take the Masked Man down
text: to the ground, and rips off his mask.
dialog: It is Budokai!
speaker_heading: JACK
speaker_heading: BUDOKAT!
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: You've improved.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: You've seen, haven't you? You know what's
dialog: going on?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, I have. You were right.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: You have to do something about it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What, quit?
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: No, help me get him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Get Robert Sawyer? How are we going to do
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: I'm getting proof, and I need your help.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I just want out. I saw a Monster tonight.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: You know who that is?
text: Jack shakes his head.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: Mike Rocco.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No.
text: Budokai nods his head.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: Sawyer's got us all on a mixture of
dialog: steroids and mind control drugs. I know
dialog: you're not taking yours, and I stopped
dialog: taking mine, a little too late. Rocco was
dialog: the first, but that's the future for all
dialog: of us.
text: Jack pulls out his necklace.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This was Rocco's - he gave it to me when I
dialog: was a boy. He was my hero, my inspiration.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: And he's now Robert's personal killing
dialog: machine.
text: Jack looks out the window for a long moment.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What do you want me to do?
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: Good man. We need proof - papers and
dialog: testimony by both of us. Rousting some
dialog: criminals isn't enough...
text: PAN AWAY FROM THEM.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT SHOWER - MORNING
text: PAN DOWN FROM SHOWERHEAD. Jack is in the shower, and we hear the
text: rest of Budokai's dialogue, while Jack thinks about what to do.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: . we need the murders, the death matches
dialog: and the drug dealing - the proof...
scene_heading: INT. JACK APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jack is meditating. He is having trouble concentrating.
scene_heading: FLASHBACKS HERE:
text: Jack's Mother, Wang from the restaurant, Budokai, Sally,
dialog: Grandfather, Angel, Rocco, Robert, etc.
scene_heading: SPECIAL FLASHBACK:
text: The young boy from earlier in the movie (maybe several times, one
dialog: right after the other)
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Are you really a hero?
text: Finally, Jack opens his eyes and yell, throwing one very powerful
text: punch, smashing a large vase on the table to bits.
dialog: He knows what he has to do.
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT OFFICE - DAY
text: Jack is in Robert's office, and Robert looks very pleased.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'm glad to hear you're with us. You are
dialog: the elite. If Nietzsche were alive, he'd
dialog: call you a Superman. A guy like you needs
dialog: that excitement, that adventure. I need
dialog: warriors I can count on.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You can count on me. When can we go out
dialog: again, the whole team?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Soon. I'll let you know.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Good-bye, Mr. Sawyer.
text: Jack exits the office.
scene_heading: EXT. JACK HOUSE - DAY
text: Jack pulls up in his new Jeep and walks up the sidewalk to his
text: Mother's door. He knocks on the door, and his Mother comes to it.
text: Over Jack's shoulder, we watch as Mother opens the door and sees
text: Jack. She registers shock, and then starts to close it.
text: Jack stops the door gently with one hand.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mom. I need to talk to you - you...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: were right. They're trouble, and I'm
text: trying to stop it.
text: His Mother looks up at him, even more shocked. She wants to be
text: happy to hear this, but she's also worried about her son.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Are you in danger, Jack?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Not just yet, Mom. We're gonna bring them
dialog: down, though. Can I come in?
text: His Mother smiles and opens the door wide, and Jack goes in,
text: hugging her. His Mother starts to close the door, but Jack stops
text: it and leans out of the door.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: There's someone I want you to meet...
text: He motions to Sally, who is waiting in the Jeep. She gets out and
text: runs to the house.
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT OFFICE - SAME DAY
text: Robert is sitting at a table with DarkCloud and Night Stalker.
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: We made quite an impression on Jack the
dialog: other night. He wants in, as badly as we
dialog: did.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: We've got a problem.
speaker_heading: NIGHT STALKER
dialog: We own the Italians, the Chinese, the
dialog: Koreans, the Jamaican posse - what now?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
text: Someone from inside, feeding information
dialog: to the cops...
text: Looks of surprise from Darkcloud and Night Stalker. Could he mean
dialog: us?
speaker_heading: DARKCLOUD
dialog: You know who?
text: Robert steeples his fingers and smiles.
scene_heading: INT. JACK HOUSE - SAME DAY
text: Jack, his Mother and Sally are sitting in the living room, talking
text: and getting along famously. The cellular phone in Jack's pocket
text: rings, and he excuses himself.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I need you tonight. Special exhibition, 7
dialog: pm.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The Arena?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: No, it's a private affair. Come to
text: Warehouse 14, off Columbia Avenue, not far
text: from the office.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I know...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: that area a little bit, I'll find it.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: See you tonight.
text: He hangs up and Jack stands there looking at the phone.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I won't know until 7 tonight...
text: He goes back in and sits down in the living room, a little worried
dialog: now.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE DISTRICT - NIGHT
text: There are cars all around Warehouse 14, and people are going
text: inside. There is a ring/cage set up inside, which is glimpsed
text: briefly as people pass through the heavy curtains at the door.
text: Jack pulls up in his Jeep, and parks. As he is walking into the
text: warehouse, he spies Angel and goes over to her.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Angel! What's happening?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: What's happening to you, Jack? Why are you
dialog: getting involved with that son of a
dialog: bitch...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Aren't you?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: We all are, I guess.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What's going on tonight?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
text: A cage fight, for the high rollers.
text: She motions to the door, where huge FIGHTERS are checking
text: credentials and invitations. One of the guys doesn't have the
text: right ID, and one of the Fighters THROWS him away from the door.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Robert wanted me to make sure you got
dialog: inside...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What's that mean, Angel?
text: Angel doesn't say anything, but walks towards the door, and Jack
text: watches her go, thinking that he might be in trouble. If he is,
text: and he goes in, he's dead. If he's not, and he takes off, the
text: party's over.
text: He shrugs and starts after her.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hey, Angel, wait up!
text: She turns and waits for him, unable to stop a smile from appearing
text: as he jogs over to her.
text: They go through the door arm in arm.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE 14 - SAME NIGHT
text: Jack and Angel walk in. There are people everywhere, and bets are
text: being made. Jack spots Robert on the other side of the arena.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Who's fighting tonight?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I don't know.
text: They find a seat. The lights around the ring/cage go low, and
text: special lights around the rim of the ring/cage go on. They go very
text: bright, lighting up the whole ring. Robert is in the center of the
text: ring, playing the part of the announcer.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen! Welcome to the
dialog: famous 'Cage Match' - where only one man
dialog: leaves alive. Tonight's bout pits
dialog: Budokai...
text: Budokai comes out towards the ring, and the crowd erupts in
dialog: applause.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Against the Beast!
text: Jack and the crowd watches in awe as the Beast is wheeled in
text: restraints towards the ring/cage.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BUDOKAI
text: He knows this fight is going to be the real thing. He walks toward
text: the ring/cage, escorted by Darkcloud and Night Stalker.
text: ANGLE ON JACK, WHO IS WORRIED ABOUT HIS FRIEND
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Who's gonna win?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: This one is for real, Jack. I really don't
dialog: know.
text: The fight starts, and the Beast is let out of the cage to attack
text: Budokai. The Beast gets hit on the way in, but that doesn't seem
text: to phase it. Budokai circles, trying to stay out of the Beast's
dialog: range.
text: The Beast is so quick, however, and so strong, that soon Budokai
text: is trapped in a corner of the cage. Budokai mounts a furious
text: assault on the Beast, but the Beast shrugs it off and attacks.
text: The attack is brutal, sadistic and bloody. Budokai is being
text: slaughtered, and the crowd is going crazy. This is what they pay
dialog: to see, and they are getting their money's worth.
text: Jack is watching, and he knows he has to act. He gets up and goes
text: over to where Robert is watching.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You gotta do something! He's getting hurt!
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: That's the reality of our business. It's
dialog: brutal.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: C'mon, Mr. Sawyer. He could get killed.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Yes, he could.
text: At that moment, in the ring, the Beast RIPS off a hunk of
text: Budokai's shoulder, and stuffs it in his mouth. Jack REACTS to
text: this, and the crowd, and Robert smiling. Jack's head is spinning,
text: and he knows that Budokai will be killed if he doesn't do
dialog: something.
text: He runs over to where Angel is sitting and YANKS her to her feet.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Help me!
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Wait for me get into the ring, then kill
dialog: the lights.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Why are you doing this, Jack? You're
dialog: throwing it all away!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They're killers, Angel. I have to help
dialog: him!
text: Angel HOLDS for a moment, then nods her head and goes towards the
text: office. Jack, meanwhile, makes his way ringside.
text: The Beast is on top of Budokai, and Budokai isn't even moving.
text: Jack jumps into the ring and SLAMS into the Beast, knocking him
text: off of Budokai and out of the ring.
text: The Beast lands in the crowd, and starts ravaging the people in
dialog: the crowd.
text: The lights go out, and the warehouse is in chaos.
text: Budokai is a bloody mess, and Jack HEAVES him up onto his shoulder
text: and starts out of the ring. The Beast jumps back into the ring and
text: moves to cut them off.
text: Jack faces off with the Beast, with Budokai over his shoulders.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Rocco!
text: The Beast stops at the mention of his name.
text: Jack pulls out the necklace that he always wears.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Rocco! I gotta get him some help. OK,
dialog: Mike? He's done fighting. You won.
text: The Beast lowers his arms, and Jack climbs back over the ropes and
text: heads towards the exits.
text: Robert is trying to see what is happening over the pandemonium,
text: and he catches a glimpse of Jack leaving with Budokai.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Rocco! Get him!
text: The Beast turns to Robert and stares at him. He punches a button
text: on the keypad, and the collar around the Beast's neck glows.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Get Jack! Now!
text: The Beast still doesn't move. More power to the collar, and now
text: the Beast is in agony. He still doesn't go for Jack, however.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Do it.
text: Instead of charging after Jack, the Beast comes for Robert.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You won't hurt me.
text: The Beast comes on, but Robert hits another button, putting the
text: collar up to the limit. The Beast stops his charge and goes down
text: on his knees in total pain.
text: Robert walks up to him and shakes his head.
text: He hits the Beast and kills him immediately.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Told you.
text: Robert is furious.
scene_heading: INT. SALLY HOUSE - SAME NIGHT
text: Budokai, bruised, broken and bloody, is laying on a bed in Sally's
text: house. Sally is trying to clean him up, but a great deal of damage
dialog: has been done.
text: Grandfather pushes her off to the side and lays his hands on
text: Budokai's chest. An amber glow comes off his hands as he tries to
dialog: apply his Qi (SFX), but it won't penetrate.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: He's almost gone, Jack.
text: Jack comes to the bed and sits next to Budokai.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: Well, you got your proof. Take him down,
dialog: you got that?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're gonna get better.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: We both know that's a lie...
text: He starts to cough, and blood comes out of his mouth.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: You get him, Jack.
text: Grandfather takes Jack and Sally out of the room.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: We have to help him. Focus your qi.
text: Jack shakes his head, trying to concentrate.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I gotta get my Mom. They know where I
dialog: live.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I'll get her. You stay here and help
dialog: Budokai.
text: Jack nods and concentrates. Soon, he is completely drained, and he
text: sits down heavily, leaning his head back and closing his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. SALLY HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Jack is sleeping on the couch in the living room, and somewhere a
text: phone is ringing (0.S.).
text: Jack starts to wake up, and the phone keeps ringing.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (sleepy)
dialog: Somebody get that!
text: The phone keeps ringing, and Jack finally comes awake and realizes
text: that it's his cellular phone. He pulls it out of his pocket.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hello?
text: We now INTERCUT between Jack and Robert.
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT OFFICE - SAME NIGHT
text: Robert is sitting at his desk, talking on the phone.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Hello, Jack. Quite a show you put on.
scene_heading: INT. SALLY HOUSE - SAME NIGHT
text: Jack sits bolt upright, completely wide awake.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He was going to die, Robert.
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT OFFICE - SAME NIGHT
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: That was the whole point! I had such plans
dialog: for you, Jack, and now you've gone and
text: thrown them all away.
scene_heading: INT. SALLY HOUSE - SAME NIGHT
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What do we do now?
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT OFFICE - SAME NIGHT
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Well, I could let you talk to your
dialog: girlfriend, and your Mother, but they're a
text: little tied up now.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL Sally and Jack's Mother sitting in chairs in
text: Robert's office, tied to them.
scene_heading: INT. SALLY HOUSE - SAME NIGHT
text: ANGLE ON JACK, EVERY FIBER OF HIS BEING CONCENTRATED
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Let them go.
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT OFFICE - SAME NIGHT
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I don't think so. I'm staging another
dialog: fight in one hour, Jack, and you're the
dialog: main attraction. Show up alone, or they're
dialog: gone. Got that?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT OFFICE - SAME NIGHT
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: See you soon, Jack.
text: Robert hangs up and smiles at Sally and Jack's Mother.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: That's some guy you have there. He really
dialog: wants to be a hero.
scene_heading: INT. SALLY HOUSE - SAME NIGHT
text: ANGLE ON JACK, WHO HANGS UP HIS END OF THE CONNECTION
text: He walks into where Budokai is lying and checks on him. He is
text: barely conscious.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You doing OK?
text: Budokai nods.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: He went for medicine.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Tell him they have Sally and my mother.
dialog: I'm going into the ring with Robert.
speaker_heading: BUDOKAL
dialog: Give him hell.
text: They clasp hands, then Jack leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE 14 - NIGHT
text: The Warehouse is deserted now
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE 14 - SAME NIGHT
text: As Jack walks into the Warehouse proper, the loudspeaker system is
text: running a tape.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: . The All American Hero!
text: The taped crowd erupts.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: against the man who started it all,
dialog: Robert Sawyer!
text: More cheers from the taped crowd.
text: Jack makes his way to the ring, and he notices that Sally and his
text: mother are the only "crowd," and they are being guarded by
text: Darkcloud, Night Stalker, and Angel.
text: Robert is already there, warming up and watching him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm here. Let them go.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You beat me, they go free.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You wanted me, you got me.
text: Jack climbs into the ring, and a bell is RUNG. The fight is on.
text: Jack circles Robert warily, not wanting to commit. Robert is
text: itching to get his hands on Jack.
text: Jack is having a hard time concentrating, because he is concerned
dialog: about his mother and Sally.
text: They attack each other, and it's clear almost immediately that
text: Jack is really no match for Robert's technique.
text: They continue to fight, and soon Jack is bleeding from several
text: different wounds, and the Robert doesn't even looked winded.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You betrayed me!
text: Jack is losing.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I trusted you. I gave you a future!
text: Jack looks over at Sally and his mother.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SALLY AND MOTHER
text: Angel is guarding them, but they all have the same look on their
text: faces. They know Jack is losing, and they can't do anything about
dialog: it.
text: Robert sees that Jack is not completely focused, and that makes
text: him very angry.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Goddamn it! Fight me!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How can I? You gotta let them go!
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I don't think so.
text: Robert is hitting Jack almost at will. Nothing Jack does works,
text: and he is getting slaughtered.
text: Jack has to do something to save his mother and Sally, so he
text: manuevers Robert into one corner and manages to hit him hard
text: enough to send him pitching back against a pile of junk. When
text: Robert's back hits the boxes, wire and boxes come falling down on
text: top of him.
text: Jack takes this opportunity and SPRINTS to where his mother and
text: Sally are being held. He attacks both Darkcloud and Night Stalker,
text: and, taking them by surprise, quickly defeats them.
text: Meanwhile, Robert is struggling to get free.
text: He starts to free his mother and Sally, and Angel tries to help
text: him. Jack turns to look at her, and she stops.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ANGEL, CONFLICTED
text: Just then, Robert gets free and launches himself at Jack. Jack
text: doesn't see him, but Angel does.
text: She jumps at Robert, to put herself in between them, to save Jack.
text: Robert strikes Angel just as she lands an incredible kick on
text: Robert, while at the same time he hits Sally and Mother away from
text: Angel. Robert staggers a little, but not before he hits Angel
dialog: several more times.
dialog: Critically.
text: Angel falls back to one side, while Robert falls to the other.
text: Angel is hurt very badly, and Jack goes to her.
text: She is dying.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I always wanted to do the right thing,
dialog: Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I know, Angel. You're a hero.
text: She's gone, and Jack holds her for a moment longer.
text: Robert is struggling to clear his head, and Jack stands up to face
dialog: him one last time.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I made you a star, now I'm going to
dialog: destroy you!
text: Robert SWEEPS him to the ground, then stands over him.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I told you no one disobeys me twice.
text: He is preparing for the killing blow.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SALLY AND MOTHER
text: Sally, dazed, shakes her head to clear it, then runs to the
text: junction box. flipping it on and off, blinking the lights, like
text: during Jack's meditation practice.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Concentrate, Jack.
text: Unbelievably, Jack CLOSES HIS EYES!
text: Robert, shocked, stops for a moment, watching Jack.
text: He then smiles, sensing an easy target. He rears back, ready to
text: let go with the killing blow.
text: He launches the deadly strike and Jack BLOCKS IT!
dialog: Without even opening up his eyes!
text: Jack holds Robert's arm in front of his face, then SNAPS his eyes
dialog: open.
dialog: We know Robert is in trouble now.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm gonna kick your ass.
text: Jack then accepts Robert's force and SLAMS Robert with a technique
text: that ROCKS him back to the other side of the ring. Jack then
text: attacks, hitting him with everything he has: strikes, kicks,
text: punches, knees, elbows.
text: Robert is out on his feet, ready to be put away.
text: Jack glances down at Angel's unmoving form on the canvas, then
text: turns back to Robert.
text: He spins and leaps into the air, connecting with a beautiful jump,
text: spinning hook kick that sends Robert flying.
text: Sally and his Mother come to Jack. Sally hugs him, and his Mother
text: puts an arm around him.
text: Suddenly the SOUND of police sirens can be heard, 0.S. Grandfather
text: and a heavily bandaged Budokai appear there with a whole squad of
dialog: police officers.
text: Budokai stands at the door and raises his arm in a fist salute to
text: Jack, while Grandfather runs down to where Jack is.
text: Jack returns the salute, with Sally and his mother draped on him.
text: They start walking away from the cage. As they walk by a pile of
text: resin at cageside, Jack puts his hand in it. He then smiles and
text: hits Grandfather in the middle of the back.
text: Jack's handprint stands out in stark relief on Grandfather's black
dialog: silk jacket.
text: Grandfather smiles, thinking Jack is congratulating him.
text: Freeze Frame on huge white hand print.
speaker_heading: CREDITS ROLL
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
