dialog: "The Lookout"
dialog: Scott Frank
speaker_heading: REVISED
dialog: December 31, 1998
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: We hear a COWBELL, an occasional MOO.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: A FARM - SOMEWHERE IN KANSAS - SUNRISE
text: As_a FARMER emerges from the barn ca:
text: milk in each hand, and starts across
dialog: for the farmhouse. Everything so int
dialog: a hundred years ago. Sake then me
text: We hear A SIREN and the cows begin to MOO.
text: we see a FLASHING RED LIGHT
text: hard winter wheat as it moves
text: The SIREN GETS LOUDER and
scene_heading: INSIDE THE SHERIFF'S CRUISER - SAME
text: sqguinte off into the distance
text: visible over the tops of the
text: across the horizon.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: At the wheel is Seaward County SHERIFF -
text: with a full head of grey hair.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (RADIO)
dialog: Shari Tillman wants to
dialog: do you got your siren on
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Yeah, why?
speaker_heading: DJSPATCHER
dialog: She wants me/o tell you, if hi
dialog: don't come
dialog: and that you
dialog: big a fuss
dialog: ie
dialog: “the de
dialog: We then...
dialog: a bucket of fresh
dialog: Ww nei an
dialog: and bygone it%could be
dialog: As the farmer
dialog: just
dialog: - fifties, a big man
dialog: know, Sheriff,
dialog: ex husband
dialog: 's her business,
dialog: i 't go makin' too
speaker_heading: sHERifr %
dialog: Sounds like they be t again.
speaker_heading: DISPAT
dialog: Roger that. She says ' got Ted on
dialog: a pager, gonna try and im.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: A pager?
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER
dialog: That's what she said.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF.
dialog: Next best thing to having him on a
dialog: leash. Tell her to sit tight. I'll
dialog: call her in a few minutes.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - NOEL, KANSAS - SUNRISE
text: It's not yet light as the sheriff turns
text: main street. e traffic signals blink;
text: sway in the light wind.
text: The_ sheriff drives past the Noel Cafe.
text: He looks off to other end of the street
dialog: , w) is
dialog: 7 the ver's door en
text: pulls in behind it. open,
text: onto the still-sleeping
dialog: Christmas decorations
text: The parking lot is empty.
dialog: where...
text: parked in front of the NOEL
dialog: ut no one inside.
dialog: Sheriff
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 2.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF'S CAR - SAME
text: As the sheriff stares at the empty cruiser in front of him,
text: then at the darkened interior of the bank. The glass in the
text: front door and one of the windows is SHATTERED. He reaches for
dialog: & radio.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF .
dialog: Luanne? Will you have Phil Costello
dialog: meet me at the bank in Noel, please?
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER
dialog: Everything all right down there,
dialog: Sheriff?
dialog: (eyeing th ant iser)
dialog: eye: e cruiser)
dialog: Just hive hil meet te at the bank.
scene_heading: EXT. NOEL TOWN BANK - SAME
text: As the sheriff gets out of his cruiser and slowly walks up to
text: the bank. He stands in the doorway a moment staring into the
text: dark interior. He unhooks a maglight from his belt, takes a
text: deep breath, and goes...
scene_heading: INSIDE THE BANK
text: As the sheriff shines his flashlight about the bank, the big
text: man starts to sing to calm his nerves...
dialog: 
dialog: We come on
dialog: Grandfather
text: He shines his light on th ick walls, the old brass rails,
text: the dried floral arrangements finally the western-themed
text: paintings, one of which is sp da with BLOOD.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Around Nassau Town we eee
text: He shines his light on the floor where we see a BODY -- a guy
text: with rasta dreads, blood-soaked shirt, his eyes wide open --
text: leaning against the wall just below the painting.
dialog: John B, my
dialog: es
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: ..-drinkin' all night...
text: He then puts his light on ANOTHER BODY, this one bent over the
text: teller's window, bright red hair, arms inked full with tattoos
text: hanging down to the floor.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: --.got into a fight...
text: The sheriff shines his light on a GUN, lying on the floor just
text: beyond the dead man's reach in a pool of blood.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: +-+-I feel so broke up, I wanna go...
text: The sheriff shines his light on a JAGGED OPENING cut into the
text: side of the old vault; more blood on the floor over here.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Home.
text: He crouches down to shine his light inside the vault when
text: suddenly, we hear A BEEPING SOUND. He listens as we hear it
text: again: PAGER.
text: The sheriff shines his light on the dreadlocked body on the
text: floor, then the body slumped over the counter. We hear the
text: BEEPING again and now Sheriff moves behind the counter...
text: As he shines his light on the floor back here, we now see ONE
text: MORE BODY lying face down -- an outstretched hand clutching a
text: pistol -- an ocean of blood coagulating around it.
text: The sheriff gently turns over the body so that we see a like
text: face staring vacantly back at us; the sheriff's light plays ng
text: off a BADGE pinned to a dark green uniform. We hear the ING
text: The sheriff reaches down and takes a BRIGHT RED PAGER from his
text: Deputy's belt and shuts it off.
text: He sees something on the floor, what looks like A BUSINESS CARD
text: in a pool of BLOOD. He picks de up, reads it aloud...
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: I must not use the stairs or elevators,
dialog: it is not safe for me.
speaker_heading: INSERT - CARD
text: As he turns it over. Oo} ith a bit of BLOOD, threre's the
text: name CHRIS written in idjsh scrawl.
dialog: vol =
dialog: Oh, man... oh, Goa. 9,
dialog: (then)
dialog: Sheriff? ESS
speaker_heading: SHERIFF <P
dialog: Back here.
text: A moment later we see PHIL COSTELLO, another deputy enter the
text: bank. He stops cold when he sees the dead deputy...
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Good Christ-- Ted-- Oh, man--
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Call the FBI.
text: Phil hurries out as the PAGER STARTS BEEPING AGAIN and the
text: Sheriff turns once more to the dead deputy, and we then...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
text: We hear A CLICK. And then Charlie Daniels singing OVER...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE DANIELS
dialog: The Devil went down to Georgia, he was
dialog: lookin' for a soul to steal...
text: A title reads "TWO WEEKS EARLIER." We then...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: 4.
scene_heading: FADE IN: CHRIS PRATT'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: A monastic space with a simple desk, a chest of drawers, and,
text: for some reason, a "BASK in BRILLIANT BALI" travel poster on
dialog: one wa. .
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.0O.)
dialog: I wake up.
text: CHRIS PRATT -- early twenties, nude, lies curled up in fetal
text: sition, staring at the CLOCK RADIO. There's a good-sized
text: CAR over his right eye. He sits up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE DANIELS
dialog: .--he was in a bind ‘cause he was way
dialog: B ind an' he was willin' to make a
dialog: eal.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
text: I turn off the alarm.
text: He sits up, shuts off the alarm as we...
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
text: As the nude Chris stands with his back to us, staring out the
text: window at the brick wall of the building next store.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: I look outside, so that I know what to
dialog: wear.
text: JUMP CUT TO: THE SHO!
text: As Chris stands under the//st, ,».we see another lulu of a scar
text: ringing one bicep, and st: another faint one running neck-to-
dialog: (
dialog: 3
dialog: jaw. Q.
speaker_heading: CHRIS °
dialog: I take a shower with aS
scene_heading: JUMP CUT TO: BATHROOM
text: As Chris shaves. Yellow "pose ite notes on the mirror: Some we
text: understand like "TURN OFF SHO! ," "FLUSH TOILET" as well as
dialog: some we're not so sure of like "A.S.S."
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.0.)
dialog: And then I shave.
text: Chris starts crying. Chris pauses, holds the razor.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.0.)
dialog: I still cry for no reason sometimes,
dialog: but I'm getting a handle on it...
text: He takes a breath, calms down, resumes shaving as he cries.
scene_heading: JUMP CUT TO: CHRIS' BEDROOM
text: As we again see Chris sit up in bed and look around the room.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
speaker_heading: CHARLIE DANIELS
dialog: The Devil went down to Georgia, he was
dialog: lookin' for a soul to steal...
text: Little yellow " t-it" notes are everywhere. On the clock
text: radio: "TURN OFF ALARM." By the light switch: "TURN OFF THE
text: LIGHTS." And on the chest of drawers: "SOCKS," "UNDERWEAR, “
text: and "SHIRTS." A shelf stuffed with used-up NOTEBOOKS.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: I wake up.
text: JUMP CUT TO: THE BATHROOM
text: As Chris dumps some pills into his palm...
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: I take my meds...
text: SUMP CUT TO: THE KITCHEN
text: As Chris turns on the coffee maker...
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.0O.)
dialog: When Lewis is gone, I make the coffee.
scene_heading: JUMP CUT TO: THE KITCHEN - DAY
text: Chris sits at the table eating a bowl of cereal. Looking at
text: once handsome and clear-eyed -- the ex-athlete and make-out
dialog: king, but something isn’ quite right...
dialog: V.0.)
dialog: I don't read the
dialog: fuses me, which
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I eat breakf
dialog: aper anymore.
dialog: Fakes memad.
dialog: °
scene_heading: JUMP CUT TO: CHRIS' BEDROOM Qs
text: As he again sits up in bed. >
speaker_heading: CHARLIE DAN:
dialog: The Devil went down to Georgia--
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: I wake up.
scene_heading: JUMP CUT TO: THE LIVING ROOM
text: Sparsely furnished, but comfortable, with a view onto a small
text: ark across the street. Chris comes into the room dressed in a
text: rayed sports coat.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
text: I put on my coat and leave for class...
text: He bumps into a chair, moves it aside, then grabs his keys from
text: a peg by the door as we...
scene_heading: JUMP CUT TO: CHRIS' BEDROOM
text: As we once again see Chris sit up and shut off the radio.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: I wake up.
dialog: Michael! Peretzian
text: This time, Chris turns and looks at US as we then...
scene_heading: JUMP CUT TO: A CLASSROOM
text: As Chris looks up from a paper on his desk. All around him are
text: other adult STUDENTS. Some have shaved heads or scars like
text: Chris. Most of them have canes or crutches leaning against
text: their desks or sit in wheelchairs.
text: The walls are full of posters and slogans from various Head
dialog: Injury groups and government agencies for the disabled.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: Thirty more seconds.
text: The TEACHER -- a black man in jeans and leather vest -- sits in
text: a wheelchair at the front of the room. On the chalkboard behind
text: him is written, "SEQUENCING ESSAY: YOUR TYPICAL DAY."
text: Chris looks down at his paper...
scene_heading: INSERT - CHRIS' PAPER
text: The last line he's written: I WOKE UP. He runs his finger a
text: few lines up to where he's also written I WOKE UP. And then to
text: the top of the page where he's written I WOKE UP...
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Time.
text: The teacher starts roll, up the row, collecting papers. Chris
dialog: hands him his...
dialog: Sorry. Ze
scene_heading: EXT. KANSAS CITY CENTER FOR I: : ENT LIVING - DAY
text: As Chris walks to a battered vic, pats his pockets for
text: his KEYS. He presses his face window and looks inside:
text: he's LOCKED THE KEYS IN THE CAR. le)yshakes his head like this
dialog: happens all the time and then sit. wn right there on the icy
text: pavement and takes off his SHOE.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER CAR - ACROSS THE PARKING LOT
text: Four figures, their faces bared in shadow, watch Chris.
speaker_heading: ONE OF THEM
dialog: The fuck is he doing?
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - SAME
text: As Chris pulls A SPARE KEY from his shoe, gets up and unlocks
text: the door. He then gets in the car and drives off as we...
scene_heading: PULL BACK TO REVEAL: A BLACK LINCOLN TOWN CAR
text: Tinted windows so we can't see who's inside. A couple of the
text: fenders are dented, one of them patched half-assed with grey-
text: blue bondo. The Lincoln pulls out a moment after Chris does.
scene_heading: EXT. CROWNE CENTER - DAY
text: Basically, Kansas City's version of Rockefeller Center -- a
text: courtyard created by the Westin Hotel and the Crown Center
text: shopping complex with an ice rink and (this time of year) a
text: giant istmas tree in the middle of it all.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 7.
text: Chris sits on a bench watching a group of YOUNG BOYS play ice
text: hockey. He picks out one of them in particular-- clearly the
dialog: best of the , a leader... a winner...
text: Chris' watch BEEPS. He automatically pulls his notebook from
text: his jacket pocket and consults it. le looks once more at the
text: kid tearing up the ice and then gets up and moves on.
text: He stops in front of the HOTEL, stands outside the glass and
text: peers inside.
scene_heading: HIS POV - THE LOBBY
text: Where we see A BLONDE, Chris' age, working behind the concierge
text: desk. She senses something, looks up at us...
scene_heading: REVERSE - THE FRONT WINDOW
text: But Chris is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS & LEWIS' APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: As Chris drives up and gets out of his car. He starts to walk
text: away walks back and locks the door. He then stands there
text: loo! ing confused at the row of identical apartments...
text: The BLACK TOWN CAR drives to the end of the block where it slows
text: down, makes a u-turn and starts back this way.
text: Chris takes a few steps in one direction, then doubles back as
text: he spote A RED LIGHT one of the stairwells and starts up
dialog: at one.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS' APARTMENT
text: As Chris comes inside and 3 down hard in the chair. He fishes —
text: a spiral NOTEBOOK from a Pee consults it.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: As Chris comes in, moves to a T, RDER and turns it on...
speaker_heading: LEWIS' VOICE
dialog: Okay, kid, the menu tonight is Penne
dialog: Puttenesca. That's that spicy pasta
dialog: with the olives you like. The tomatoes
dialog: are on the counter...
text: Chris picks up one of the cans of stewed tomatoes...
speaker_heading: LEWIS' VOICE
dialog: I'm gonna need you to open up the can, *
dialog: put ‘em in a pot and set ‘em to simmer
dialog: until I get home. I already cut UP.
dialog: the olives, u'll find them and t.
text: capers in a bowl inside the fridge...
text: JUMP CUT TO: THE KITCHEN
text: Chris taking a pot out of a cupboard and setting it on the stove
text: where we see another post-it that reads... 8.H.1.T.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Stove Hot If Touched.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
text: He turns the flame to low and backs away from the stove. He
text: opens a drawer, rifles it, can't find what he's looking for,
text: opens another one, and then another one. He then scans the
text: counter, looks inside the sink, and then under the sink...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Huh.
text: He stands there, confused. He ms the fridge, looks inside.
text: Not there. Okay. He pulls the fridge away from the wall and
text: looks behind it. Not there. He opens the oven, not in there.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Shit.
text: He stands up, breathing hard now, looks at the stove, grabs the
text: pot by the dle to look inside it and burns his hand--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
speaker_heading: FUCK!
text: --and flings the pot across the room. He shakes out his hand,
text: then stares in horror at the still unopened can of tomatoes on
text: the counter.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Oh, no...
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS' APARTMENT - FROM THE PARK - SAME
text: As Chris moves about theZapartment in a panic. We BOOM DOWN
text: REVEAL... the Lincoln ing just across the street.
dialog: We HEAR A POLICE RADIO
scene_heading: DISSOLVE INTO: A CLOSE-UP
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LEWIS CANFIELD
text: Fifty. Slicked-back hair. D. glasses.
dialog: If it's hi ti i cit I
dialog: s happening in
dialog: already knee about it. ve
text: We BEGIN TO PULL BACK so that we can see that Lewis sits in
text: front of a huge WALL OF RADIOS. Our ears are assailed by A
scene_heading: CACOPHONY OF DIFFERENT VOICES AND BROADCAST SOUNDS--
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Police. Fire. Ambulance. Gas company.
dialog: Department of Water & Power -- anybody
text: out there using a radio, a cellphone .
dialog: or_a baby monitor -- I can hear ‘em
dialog: all from right here.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE LISTENING BOOTH
text: Glass on three sides. The busy newsroom as well as the colorful
text: "KNKC NEWSCENTER 9" set can be seen in the b.g.
text: Lewis -- dressed in a bright yellow sweatsuit, black& white
text: oxfords yp on the desk -- faces A GROUP OF SCHOOL KIDS on a
dialog: ie rip.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
text: 41 clear. Lume is down.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 9.
text: Lewis smiles, reaches for a dial marked "FIRE," turns it up.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Here she comes...
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: (southern accent)
dialog: Engine 41, we're back to the box,
dialog: darlin'. Y'all have a good day now.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (dre:
dialog: amy)
text: The voice of an angel -- the most
dialog: beautiful woman in all of Kansas.
text: Two little girls exchange looks with each other, roll their
text: eyes at this guy.
speaker_heading: LEWIS :
dialog: Now the second I hear a key word like
dialog: "lume" on the fireband, which means
dialog: smoke, I let the news director know
text: about it and he sends a camera crew to
dialog: check it out.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: I don't see how you can hear anything,
dialog: it's so noisy in here. j
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: What's your , honey?
dialog: I
dialog: Chloe.
speaker_heading: LEW.
dialog: Tell me, Chloe, you been toa
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: playsround. a mil
dialog: ike banshees, but yo
dialog: call your name? Somet.
dialog: ever happened to you,
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: It's all in knowing what to listen
dialog: for. That and the fact that I got
dialog: what I like to call twenty-twenty
dialog: earsight. I can hear everything.
text: A couple of the kids make faces at Lewis. He keeps smiling.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Well, I see that Kristi Koochek is
dialog: ready to show us the anchor desk.
text: A peroxide ANCHORBABE waves from outside the booth.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Let's all thank Mr. Canfield for his
dialog: ime.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: ' 10.
dialog: A chorus of "Thank you, Mr. Canfield."
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Thank you. Come back anytime.
text: Lewis sits there waving as the kids all file out of the booth.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Bye now. Have fun. Enjoy the rest of
dialog: your tour.
text: A_couple boys linger in the doorway, making faces at Lewis,
text: flipping him off. Lewis is facing them, but doesn't react.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Matthew. Thomas. Get over here!
text: The boys hurry after their class. Lewis spins his chair back
dialog: around to face the radios and we now realize -- if we hadn't
text: yet already -- that LEWIS CANFIELD IS SLIND.
text: We HEAR A BEEPING. Lewis pulls a PAGER from his belt, hits a
dialog: button and we hear...
scene_heading: SOOTHING WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Voice Net. Message One.
dialog: Then...
speaker_heading: CHRIS' VOICE
dialog: Lewis! I nee uu!
text: Lewis calmly shuts off<t! er, reaches for the phone and
dialog: als.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS' BATHROOM - S.
dialog: °
text: Chris sits huddled in the con) the floor, hyperventilating,
text: clutching a cordless phone wh AS ngs.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Lewis?
scene_heading: INT. LISTENING ROOM - SAME
text: As Lewis hits a toggle, lowers the volume on the RADIOS.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: What's up, kid?
scene_heading: INTERCUTTING LEWIS & CHRIS
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I can't find the can opener!
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You call the police?
speaker_heading: CHRIS .
text: They're on the way.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Okay, now call ‘em back, tell ‘em
dialog: everything's okay. ,
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Did you hear what I said? I CAN'T
text: FIND THE FUCKING CAN OPENER!
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: All right, I'l] call ‘em.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I looked everywhere--
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: One of us could've easily thrown it
text: out by mistake.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Why would we do that?!
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Take a deep breath, kid.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (does, then)
dialog: What am I gonna do?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You're gonna get in your car, and you're
dialog: gonna drive to the grocery store and
dialog: uy a new can opener.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Okay.
dialog: You got mone:
speaker_heading: CHR:
dialog: Yeah. Q
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You got a notebook >
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (takes one off the counter)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You don't wanna get to the store, forget
dialog: why you're there.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'll write it down.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Just page me you have any problem.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Thanks Lewis.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: I'll be home in an hour.
text: Lewis hangs up, calmly turns the radios back up.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS - NIGHT
text: As Lewis gets off, bundles up against the cold, then unfolds
text: his cane and starts walking.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS & LEWIS' APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: As Lewis taps along the identical buildings, stopping at exactl
text: the right che, goes up the stairs. ngs, BEOPPAng ¥
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS & LEWIS' APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: As Lewis comes into the apartment. He starts for his room,
text: barely bumps into a chair on the way. He stops, stands there a
dialog: moment. is shouldn't have happened. He's bothered.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Chris?
text: He takes a step towards the coffee table, stopping right before
text: it. He walks to the couch, stops right before it, too. He
text: walks back to the chair, moves it a foot to one side.
scene_heading: INT. LEWIS' BEDROOM - SAME
text: Neat and tidy; the bed perfectly made. Lewis comes in and opens
text: the closet. We see a dozen sweat-suits of different colors
text: hang above pairs of white sneakers all lined up in a perfect
text: row. Lewis hangs up his coat, walks back out.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS' BEDROOM - S.
text: Chris lies asleep on @ bed. We hear A SOFT KNOCK and
text: then Lewis opens the d 8 ds there a moment, listening to
text: the sound of Chris breath#n: le then backs out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME
dialog: a
text: As Lewis comes into the dark Q. steps on something metal
text: and stops.
scene_heading: REVEAL: THE ENTIRE KITCHEN SP
text: The refrigerator door is open, and the light that spills out is
text: just enough for us to make out the total disarray. The cupboards
text: are all open, the oven, too. The trash has been dumped onto
text: the floor. The drawers have all been pulled out and utensils
text: are scattered all over the floor.
text: Lewis carefully moves through the room, assessing the exact
text: magnitude of the mess with his hands and feet. ie finally sighs,
text: bends down and picks up a fallen drawer.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS' ROOM - LATER
text: We hear MAHLER coming from the next room. Chris stirs, opens
text: his eyes and sits up.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: The lights are still off in here. We see the form of Lewis
text: moving about the dark kitchen cooking as Chris walks in.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Hey, kid.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 13.
text: Chris turns on the light and we see that LEWIS HAS CLEANED UP
text: THE KITCHEN. Everything back in its proper place. The floor
text: and the counter are immaculate. Chris watches as Lewis feeds
text: dough into a pastamaker.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You can go ahead, chop some lettuce,
dialog: cucumber, whatever else you want for
dialog: the salad.
text: Chris goes to the fridge as Lewis opens a cu} rd and we can
text: see that all of the foodstuffs have been marked with TACTILE
text: LABELS. Lewis feels around, finds what he needs. Chris stops,
text: looks around the kitchen...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Something happened in here before.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: No problem. Don't worry about it,
dialog: kid. Let's talk about your test.
text: Chris sets to work as Lewis pours olive oil into a measuring
text: cup, the two of them working in comfortable sync.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: What'd Reggie have you do?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: List a typical day.
dialog: I,
dialog: And you got {os
speaker_heading: S
dialog: I kept going ba 2, "I woke up."
speaker_heading: LEWIS.
dialog: Maybe next time thi: as a story
dialog: instead of a list. :
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: A story, like how?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You know, like, "Once upon a time, I
dialog: woke up, took a piss, got in the shower,
dialog: beat off..." -- like that. See if
dialog: that doesn't help.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I don't know how to tell a story.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Then_use one you already know as a
dialog: model.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I don't know any story.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You know "Goldilocks and Three Bears?"
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Where's the fucking cucumber?
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 14.
text: Lewis grabs one from a strainer in the sink, holds it up for
dialog: ris.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: What's gotta happen first for that
dialog: story to work?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I don't know? Who gives a shit?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Come on. Think.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The porridge's gotta be too hot.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Okay, then what?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: The bears gotta go for a walk so it
dialog: can cool off.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
text: Then Blondie walks into the house,
text: breaks a chair and goes to sleep.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: She eats the porridge first.
dialog: Ti
dialog: See? You we ce just fine.
text: Lewis starts dropping th Ep into boiling water.
dialog: CHRI. °
dialog: If Reggie had given e time--
dialog: it's not fair.
dialog: x aS.
dialog: tell you
speaker_heading: EWIS
dialog: No it's not, Chris. But
dialog: what, sometimes, it's a dog eat dog
dialog: world out there and sometimes--
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: --it's the other way around.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Damn straight. Let's eat.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - LATER
text: Chris and Lewis at the table. Lewis pours himself a glass of
dialog: wine.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Your mother called. She wants to invite
dialog: me to Thanksgiving dinner.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You're kidding?
speaker_heading: LEWIS ‘
dialog: I know. Can you believe it? Dottie
dialog: and Dick inviting me to Xanadu?
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Their names are Dorothy and Richard.
speaker_heading: LEWIS.
dialog: We're sharing a piace -- what -- three
dialog: ears now? ‘Rnd hey're just this day
dialog: nviting me over? ‘nat that about’
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm sure you have a theory.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: I'm thinkin' maybe she's got an odd
dialog: number of place’ settings this year.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah, that's gotta be it.
text: Lewis knocks back some of the wine.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: It's either that or she wants all her
dialog: friends to get a good look at me.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: So they'll know at least you're not !
text: gay on top of everything else.
dialog: I
dialog: You don't ff jo you know.
speaker_heading: Li BAS
dialog: You kidding? I ¢ fucking wait. =
text: Chris looks at Lewis a moment about this. Wants to say
text: something when his watch BEEP. ooks at it...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I gotta go to work.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS' CAR - NIGHT
text: Driving away from the city now. Dark farmland on either side
text: of him. Led Zeppelin on the stereo. And then we pass a sign
text: that reads "WELCOME TO NOEL."
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - NOEL, KANSAS - NIGHT
text: As Chris parke his car behind a building and gets out. He holds
text: his jacket closed against the cold, goes around to...
text: THE FRONT OF THE BUILDING
text: Which we can now see is THE NOEL TOWN BANK.
scene_heading: INT. NOEL TOWN BANK - NIGHT
text: Where we see the DOOR to the VAULT is wide open. Chris mops
text: the floor as the manager, MR. TUTTLE -- heavyset, in a ten-year-
text: old brown suit -- pulls the door closed, moves to a small metal
text: door mounted on the wall and opens it.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 16.
text: Three COMBINATION DIALS are inside. The door is on a spring-
text: hinge so Mr. Tuttle has to hold it open while he sets each of
text: the dials. He sets one, then sees is standing there.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You're working late.
dialog: MR.
dialog: Turn around, please.
text: Chris turns his back as Mr. Tuttle sets the other two dials.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: The USDA money must be coming.
text: Mr. Tuttle looks at him. Chris smiles, says by rote...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It comes twice a year, once for pre-
dialog: planting and again in harvesting.
speaker_heading: MR. TUTTLE
dialog: How do you know about that?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I've been working three afternoons a
dialog: week with Mrs. Lange. She told me the
dialog: subsidy checks went out and that we'll
dialog: probably be pretty busy next week.
speaker_heading: TUTTLE
dialog: We will inde busy... which is why
dialog: I'd like yor<to te down "Bank Extra
dialog: Clean" in yo t notebook.
text: But Chris just stands_the: we hear several LOUD CLICKS as
text: the timelock bolts all slant h Mr. Tuttle then starts for
text: the door.
dialog: MR. worm 5
dialog: Good-night .
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You said you'd think about giving me a
text: couple of hours at the window.
speaker_heading: MR. TUTTLE
dialog: We've been over this, Chris, you have
dialog: to be able to add and subtract many--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm going to school. math skills
dialog: are a lot better now. jait--
text: Chris walks to a LITTLE DESK at the back of the bank. It's
text: full of post-its and notebooks. Photographs of a younger Chris
text: and a BLONDE in Polynesian outfits standing in front of a fake
text: beach backdrop... is in a HOCKEY uniform... Chris and his
text: FATHER, both with shotguns under their arms.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: One second--
text: Mr. Tuttle watches impatiently as Chris opens the drawer --
text: more notebooks in here -- rifles through them until he finds
text: the one he's looking for, flips back a few pages as_he walks
text: over to Mr. Tuttle and starts to read, stammering slightly...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: A good teller is primarily a good
text: counter. A teller counts and keeps
dialog: track of money all day long, taking
dialog: care to keep the corners on bills turned
text: straight and facing the same way.
text: Mr. Tuttle checks his watch, shifts his weight, doesn't bother
text: to hide how antsy he is to get the hell out of there.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: At_the end of the day, the teller
text: balances the cash in the drawer against
dialog: the payrout tickets. Now is really
text: the test of a goot. teller.
dialog: teller can go for years without! being
dialog: eut of balance. Mrs. Lange says she's
dialog: never been out of balance yet.
text: Mr. Tuttle rolls his eyes at that one.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: But, of course, the real key to being
dialog: a good teller isa friendly personality.
dialog: That's how you get customers to open a
dialog: new account, or buy a CD or somet: ig.
dialog: The motto of a good teller is Be
dialog: « friendly and accurate.
dialog: (leoks up at Mr. Tuttle)
dialog: But mostly be accurate.
text: Mr. Tuttle stares at C
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: moment, then--
dialog: That's very g
dialog: (turns to gi
dialog: Mrs. Lange says the room fixture
dialog: needs a new bulb.
text: Chris nods, makes a note in his ok, then looks up and
text: watches as the bank manager walks kly out of the door as we
dialog: en...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Chris in the john, screwing a new bulb into the ceiling fixture.
dialog: We then...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Chris dusting one of the old western paintings. He steps back,
text: straightens it, then moves to the n . We then...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Chris opening a closet, wheeling out a mop and bucket. We hear
text: a HO GAME BROADCAST OVER ac’we then. .~
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 18.
text: A small radio on Chris's desk in the £.g. Chris, his jacket and
text: sweater off so that we can see a faded sports jersey underneath
text: that reads MUSTANGS across the back.
text: Chris -- holding the mop like a hockey stick -- shes a bar of
text: SOAP across the floor as he listens to the play-by-play...
scene_heading: EXT. BANK - NIGHT
text: As THE BLACK TOWN CAR drives down the sleeping main street,
text: the brake lights glowing red just past the bank.
scene_heading: INT. BANK - SAME
text: As Chris "drives the line" with the bar of soap. As he crashes
dialog: into a trash can, we...
text: CUT TO: A HOCKEY RINK
text: As Chris crashes against the boards, bounces off again. He
text: stick handles, forechecks, shoots crossrink passes, does it all
text: with a calm, cool bearing, as if he's all alone on the ice-- a
dialog: very different Chris from the one we've seen so far.
text: CUT TO: INSIDE THE BANK
text: As Chris breaks for the counter...
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.0O.)
text: Pratt, on a pass to Danny Stevens,
dialog: Stevens back Pratt--
text: CUT TO: THE HOCKEY
dialog: As Chris' teammate -- 17-;
text: the puck, and the two dri’
text: CUT TO: INSIDE THE BANK
text: As Chris dodges in and out of rao. slips, nearly falls,
text: then regains his balance...
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: ‘ld DANNY STEVENS -- feeds Chris
dialog: rR the line together as we...
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
text: Pratt fakes a_ shot on the right side,
dialog: dekes the goalie out--
text: CUT TO: THE HOCKEY GAME
text: As Garis backhands a shot just over the head of the sprawling
dialog: goalie...
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: --and he SCORES!
text: Young Chris throws up his hands, Danny Stevens skates into frame
text: and hugs his best friend as we...
text: CUT TO: INSIDE THE BANK
text: CHEERING OVER as Chris smiles, looks about the bank at the
dialog: imaginary "screaming fans..."
text: CUT TO: INSIDE THE TOWN CAR
text: As the four men watch Chris throw up his hands in celebration.
text: We hear the crinkle of leather as the MAN in the back seat
text: reaches into a pocket, takes a hit off an INHALER.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 1s.
scene_heading: INT. BANK - SAME
text: As Chris drops the soap on the floor, gets ready to "play."
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
text: With just under a minute left to play,
text: the Mustangs are ahead by one--
text: CUT TO: THE HOCKEY GAME
text: As play resumes, Chris makes a move for the puck, viciously
text: elbows another player in the mouth, knocking out a couple of
text: the guy's teeth. @ REFEREE blows his whistle.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: Whoa! Another five minute major for
dialog: Chris Pratt! Not much of a birthda’
text: resent: he has to finish the game in
dialog: e x
text: Danny Stevens stops skating. looks incredulously at Chris who
text: shrugs just as he's suddenly jumped on by an opposing player.
text: A BRAWL ENSUES as we...
scene_heading: CUT TO: THE BANK
text: As a breathless Chris stops a moment, looks at his reflection
dialog: in the glass as we...
text: CUT TO: THE HOCKEY GAME
text: As Chris is hauled off/o
dialog: there and watch the réfa.
text: He looks back at HIS Fi
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: e penalty box. He's forced to sit
text: seconds of the game by himself.
dialog: shake of the head as we..
text: fe father giving him an annoyed
scene_heading: CUT TO: THE BANK 7
dialog: °
text: As Chris looks down at the sol e floor and we hear A BUZZER
text: SOUND...
dialog: ~)
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (
dialog: The Mustangs are the new state
dialog: champions!
scene_heading: CUT TO: THE ICE RINK - SLOW MOTION
text: As a coc Chris jumps back onto the ice and skates around the
text: rink. Suddenly, some of the crowd breaks into singing "Happy
dialog: Birthday."
text: FACES IN THE CROWD WHIRL PAST:.the announcer, Chris’ MOFHER AND
text: FATHER, HIS OLDER SISTER AND YOUNGER BROTHER, a BLOND GIRL in a
text: cheerleading outfit -- smiling, blowing him a kiss and finally...
text: Danny Stevens shaking his head at Chris as we...
scene_heading: CUT TO: THE BANK
text: As the CHEERING ABRUPTLY STOPS. Chris stands there, leaning on
text: his mop.
scene_heading: CUT TO: DANNY STEVENS - SILENT
text: Shaking his head, smiling at us...
speaker_heading: CUT TO: CHRIS
dialog: 20.
text: As he flicks the soap across the floor, the full length of the
text: bank right into a tipped over trash can...
text: He then starts to walk back to where he left the mop bucket
text: when he slips on the wet floor and falls on his ass. He sits
text: there a moment, shakes his head.
text: We hear A HORN HONK OS and Chris looks out the window as a
text: Sheriff's green and white pulls to the curb.
scene_heading: INT. TOWN CAR - SAME
text: As THE MAN in the backseat watches A DEPUTY get out of the
text: cruiser and approach the bank.
speaker_heading: MAN
text: Deputy Donut's ten minutes late.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER MAN
dialog: Big to-do at the hardware store no
dialog: doubt .
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: zm saying he's not as reliable as our
dialog: ry.
scene_heading: INT. BANK - SAME
text: Chris unlocks the front door where TED TILLMAN -- a small, dumpy
text: deputy only a few years older than Chris -- stands holding a
text: bag of donuts.
dialog: Go Mustangs. é Wx
dialog: °
dialog: Hey, Ted.
text: Ted sneezes, then hands Chris .
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: They didn't have no moreSjélly, so I
dialog: got you a custard instead.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No problem.
text: Ted watches as Chris swats at the back of his now-wet jeans,
text: snaps his fingers.
speaker_heading: TED e
speaker_heading: FUCK!
text: Startled, Chris looks at him. Ted smiles.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Floor Under Can Kill. Get it?
dialog: F.U.C.K...?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I get it-- Yeah. That's good.
text: Chris walks over to the desk, writes F.U.C.K. on a yellow post-
text: it and sticks it to the side of the mop bucket.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: A.S.S. Always Soap in Shower.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah, that was a good one, too.
text: Ted smiles, sneezes again.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Got a cold?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: It's no wonder I don't got pneumonia
dialog: given the house is now cold enough to
dialog: meat.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Remember, I told you yesterday, Shari
dialog: won't let me keep Y the heat on after .
dialog: nine o'clock?
text: Chris takes out his notebook, goes back a few pages. Reads:
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: --because of the baby.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Yeah. Right. Only we don't refer to
dialog: it as the Spaby no more.
dialog: We don't?
dialog: No. We call i calls it "The
dialog: Little paglne® gp account of it -
dialog: makes her so hot “CO Og. me.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: But she hasn't even Bia
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Doctor told her she's got twice as
text: much blood in her body right now and
dialog: that's why she can't cool off. The
dialog: kid ain't even born nm yet and I'm already
dialog: awake all night. I gotta say,
dialog: Chris, is you're lucky you don't ever
dialog: have to worry about this stuff.
text: Chris looks at him, but Ted's looking at his watch now.
speaker_heading: TED :
dialog: I gotta roll. You take it easy now,
dialog: Chris. And remember... Floor Onder...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: --Can Kill. I'll remember. Good-
dialog: night, Ted.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE QUAFF" - KANSAS CITY - NIGHT
text: a happening downtown bar, big windows frame eager bodies chatting
text: it up, bouncing to loud music.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - SAME
text: Where Chris sits alone at the crowded bar drinking a Sharpes
text: and watching the other patrons mingle, socialize.
text: As Chris watches, A GROUP_nearby raises their glasses as A GUY
text: makes a toast. Chris smiles, raises his own glass. .
text: The Guy cracks a joke, the group cracks up. So does Chris,
text: even though he didn't quite hear what they said. He drinks
text: with them. He turns away, sees the BART! ER watching him.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (loud, slow)
dialog: Two-fifty. For. The. Beer.
text: Chris fumbles about for the right amount of cash, pays his tab.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Thank. You. Very. Much.
text: The bartender gives Chris his version of a grin, moves away.
text: Chris takes a sip, looks around the bar. Suddenly, his eyes
text: get heavy, he's about to nod off when--
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Evening.
text: Chris looks over as A-WOMAN sits down on the stool next to him.
dialog: w
dialog: Red wine, please
text: She watches some men at one of the tables in the back.
text: Chris is trying to think’ thing to say when A MAN -- black
text: leather jacket, open-coll shirt tucked into black jeans
text: over black boots -- comes uf le her, doesn't look at her as
dialog: he orders a drink:
dialog: wx SS
dialog: Wild Turkey, neat.
text: Chris watches as The Man now comes around to face the woman,
text: sees she’s watching the pool players.
dialog: You like pool?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: When it's played well.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I knew this hustler once, Puerto Rican
dialog: fella named Kiki, had one arm, used to
text: play eight ball with a broomstick.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: No kidding.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Yeah. He had this dog, a pitbull.
dialog: What he'd do, he'd jue. up on the table
dialog: everytime Kiki was losing, grab the
text: cueball in his teeth and run away.
text: The Woman nods, considers this guy a moment.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: You made that one up, didn't you?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: True story. Scout's Honor.
dialog: Now I'm supposed to beli: you
dialog: jow I'm B ped to eve were a
dialog: boyscout?
speaker_heading: MAN
text: Thrifty, brave, clean and reverent.
dialog: That's me.
text: The man smiles at her, starts to move away.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Take care now.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Hey, Thrifty--
dialog: (he pauses)
dialog: What'd Kiki ci his dog?
dialog: Karl. Ys
dialog: we
dialog: Uh-huh. And mae Oe you?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Gary. Enjoy your wine-
text: Chris watches as "Gary" walks to the back of the bar where he
text: sits down with three other men. One of them, a musclebound
text: redhead, looks over and smiles at Chris.
text: Chris quickly turns back to the bar, takes out his notebook and
text: begins scribbling as we then...
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK
text: A GIRL, blonde, 17 (cheerleader from the hockey game), leans
text: into frame, looks down at us, her hair falling aii about her
text: face; the night sky pitch black behind her.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Happy Birthday.
scene_heading: EXT. A FIELD - NIGHT (FLASHBACK)
text: Where a new red Mustang is parked. MUSIC comes from inside the
text: car. ANOTHER COUPLE can be seen making out in the back window.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Don't you wanna unwrap your present?
text: We BOOM DOWN to where Chris and the pretty blond lay entwined
text: on a blanket. Above their heads, a bumper sticker reads, "GIVE
scene_heading: BLOOD. PLAY HOCKEY."
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Oh. Yeah...
text: He quickly begins unbuttoning her blouse.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: I know it's not as nice as the car
dialog: your Dad got you...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It's up there.
text: She looks down at him as he opens her blouse, an ear-to-ear
text: grin on his face.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Tell me what to do.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What do you wanna do?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: It's your night. I'll do anything you
dialog: want.
dialog: In that case, you to do
dialog: everything.
text: Chris reaches up to touch her , but the girl FADES OUT before
dialog: the touch, so that all we're ving at is...
speaker_heading: BLACK >
speaker_heading: LEWIS (V.0O.)
text: Wakey Wakey, let go of snakey.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS' ROOM - MORNING
text: Chris opens his eyes to see Lewis leaning in the doorway.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Know what today is?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LO
dialog: I give up.
text: He steps the rest _of the way into the room, 80 that we can see
text: he's wearing a pale-blue blazer over a Hawaiian shirt and a
text: wide, patterned tie. Down low he's got on corduroy pants and
text: his usual black & white oxfords.
dialog: qt's Turkey Day!
dialog: irke
dialog: (then)
dialog: en,
dialog: How do I look?
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Perfect.
scene_heading: EXT. PRATT ESTATE - NIGHT
text: As a_light snow falls on a tudor biggie fronted by several acres
text: of sloping lawn. Chris' Honda starts up the drive, pulls in
text: behind a dozen pricier vehicles. Lewis gets out rig it away.
text: Chris gets out, runs around the car...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You got three steps up.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Big fuckin stone ones I bet.
scene_heading: INT. THE PRATT HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Dozens of well-dressed kids run amok as Chris and Lewis come
text: inside the marble foyer. A MAID takes their coats as Chris
text: quickly introduces Lewis to his younger brother ON --
dialog: handsome, healthy, what Chris was once upon a time; his babe-
text: deb GIRLFRIEND; is' older sister ALISON, her HUSBAND and
scene_heading: INFANT DAUGHTER...
speaker_heading: DOROTHY (0.S.)
dialog: There you are...
text: And sweeping down the stairs is DOROTHY PRATT -- sixty, decked-
text: out in velvet Dior and rl necklace.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I was just
dialog: . all, make sure
dialog: you ha :
dialog: That's what he's oo x.
text: Dorothy looks at Lewis, his out: “ae
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: How nice to see you, Lewis.
text: ghe takes his hand to shake it. He hangs onto it and kisses
dialog: t.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: And so nice to not see you, Dottie.
text: Dorothy smiles, exchanges an awkward look with Chris as A MAID
text: comes out and rings a DINNER BELL...
scene_heading: INT. THE PRATT DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: As adult guests file around the huge table. Alison's husband
text: starts to sit down in the seat next to RICHARD PRATT -- sixty,
text: an autocratic face set off by a razor-perfect shock of silver
dialog: air.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: That's Chris's seat.
text: The husband looks at Alison, then about the table where all
text: seats now seem to be taken up by adults...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'll go eat with the kids.
text: Richard looks hard at his son-in-law who motions to Chris.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: Lil go.
text: Chris comes over and sits down next to his father at the head.
text: Lewis sits down at the other end next to Dorothy on one side,
text: Cameron's date on the other. Dorothy opens a prayer book...
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: If everyone will join hands...
text: Everyone bows their head, takes the hand of the person sitting
text: next to them. Cameron's date looks at Lewis who holds up his
text: hand. She hesitates, then finally takes Lewis' hand. Chris
text: looks about at the other stiffs at the table as...
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Thank you, dear Father, for bringing
dialog: our family together to eat of your
dialog: abundance laid before us. Continue to
dialog: bless us with your prosperity so we
dialog: may be an example to others in the
dialog: world. In Christ's name... Amen.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: THE DINING ROOM - LATER
text: As the maid passes a é Dorothy looks at Chris' navy-
dialog: blue jacket.
speaker_heading: DOR!
dialog: I can't believe aft 1 these years,
dialog: you still have that old coat.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Didn't Dad used to wear at like
dialog: that?
text: Chris looks at his little brother, this barely twenty-year-old
text: kid hiding behind Hugo Boss and a ninety-dollar haircut.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: rll g° to Halls next week, pick, out
text: something a little more fashionable.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I like this coat.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: What are you now, about a 38? You
dialog: used to be a forty, forty-two, but I
dialog: think you've sh: some.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I like this coat.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You can throw it in the bag up in your
dialog: room. ,
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What bag?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Just some old things I found in the
dialog: closet.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You're throwing my stuff away?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Whatever you don't want. I'm turning
dialog: your room into a studio.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
text: Mother's painting now.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Still lifes?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Collages. I'm taking a class.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Her teacher tells me they do a lot of
dialog: work with the OT people wn at the
dialog: hospital. Maybe you've seen her...
speaker_heading: CHRIS !
dialog: I don't know, I haven't been going to
dialog: therapy for a #hile.
text: Richard looks at Chri
dialog: How long? }
speaker_heading: CHRIS Q
dialog: Six months. S
dialog: Richard and Dorothy exchange loo! <P
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: You weren't through.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm fine.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: I got him doing some yoga, walking a
dialog: few miles a day.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: What's that gonna do for his head?
text: Everyone eats in silence a moment. Lewis lifts his head, listens
text: to the akwardness hanging in the air like a fog.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: I got one for everybody.
text: Everyone looks up. Chris looks at Lewis, willing him to shut
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
text: Skeleton walks into a bar, says I'll
dialog: have a beer and a mop.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: ‘ 28.
text: Lewis cracks up. Gets a few smiles from the table. Cameron
text: laughs out loud. Chris shakes his head.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Okay, here's another one...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Lewis...
speaker_heading: LEWIS
text: Grasshopper walks into a bar, says
dialog: I'll have a scotch and soda.’ ¥
text: Richard is staring at Lewis.
speaker_heading: . CHRIS
dialog: Lewis...
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Bartender says, hey, pal u_ know
dialog: there's a arink nahed aftes you. The
dialog: grasshopper says really? They got a
dialog: ink named Steve?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Lewis.
text: Cameron explodes. Richard puts his napkin on his plate, looks
dialog: at Chris.
speaker_heading: R
dialog: I'll be in Re ljprary.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE - LATER
text: As Chris slowly climbs thi de stairs, moving away from the
text: party below. le hesitates as ees his father sitting in the
text: ibrary in front of a CHESSB ASS continues up...
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS' OLD BEDROOM - NIGHT
dialog: A particular time in life frozen BD eeteure and posters and
text: sports equipment. The only thing out of the teenage-ordinary
text: is the HOSPITAL BED that sits under a window.
text: Chris comes into the room and takes _in the hockey pogtezs the
text: cluttered desk... carefully avoids looking at the bed until he
text: has to. A DUFFEL BAG sits at the foot.
text: He looks over a bookcase full of titles like Don Quioxte and
dialog: The Odyssey and The Brothers Karamazov -- books for when one
dialog: has got nothing in life but time.
text: Chris finally moves to the duffel bag, unzips it and looks over
text: the contents, a few items of clothing, his old hockey uniform,
text: a yearbook. He flips through pages of that...
scene_heading: INSERT - YEARBOOK
dialog: 
text: As_the pages flip from another life... we stop at a dance--
text: Polynesian theme, is and "Kelly" (The Blonde) dressed like
text: natives under a sign that reads "Sunny Bali."
text: Chris turns another page and stiffens.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INSERT - YEARBOOK
text: Danny Stevens in his hockey uniform, some Susan Polis Shultz
text: poem printed down the side of the page.
speaker_heading: chris? RICHARD (V.0.)
dialog: ris?
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS' BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: As Chris looks to the INTERCOM sitting on the bedstand.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'll be right down.
text: Chris eyes the yearbook another moment, then puts it back in
text: the duffel bag and walks out without taking anything.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY NIGHT
text: We PAN a wall full of TROPHIES for everything from hockey to
text: Gebate to shooting trap. Chris' name is engraved on all of
dialog: em.
text: In amongst the trophies are photographs of Chris and his father
text: hunting, fishing, shooting trap: a few more of Chris P. aying
text: hockey. Chris and his brother snowboarding. Not a single recent
dialog: picture. of Chris, however.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You've got me the run.
text: Richard and Chris are middle of a CHESS GAME. Cameron
speaker_heading: 1
text: watches. Lewis sits ch smoking a cigar, drinking
text: port, enjoying himself.
speaker_heading: RI 2
dialog: (studies the boi
dialog: Do I now?
text: Chris looks to a glass gun cabiné taining a collection of
text: gens and handmade SH iS. Chri ens the door, takes one
dialog: jown.
text: Richard looks over as Chris then RACKS THE SHOTGUN.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
text: There's a comforting sound.
text: Richard is clearly uncomfortable with Chris holding the gun.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: This new?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Was a gift from Charlie Whitehall.
dialog: (then)
dialog: My partner.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I know who Charlie Whitehall is.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Uh-huh-- Your move.
text: Chris sits down and studies the board.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You've left your queen unprotected.
text: Richard casually takes a key from his pocket, leans over and
text: locks the gun cabinet.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You don't have to do that.
text: Caught, Richard stiffens, but when he turns, he sees that Chris
text: is still looking at the chessboard.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Do what?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Give me your Queen.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Is that what you think, son, that I'm
dialog: you my Queen?
text: Chris doesn't answer. Richard shrugs.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: You don't wanna take her, don't take
dialog: er.
text: Chris stares at the board. Not sure now what to do. He finally
dialog: takes the Queen.
dialog: Okay.
text: Richard looks at & diately makes a move.
dialog: °
dialog: Check. OQ.
text: Chris stares at the board, Gs,
dialog: I didn't see fhat--
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Apparently not.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Oh, man...
text: Richard sits back, studies his son.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: It's important, Chris, to think Like | a
dialog: winner, even uu look like
dialog: dosing. That vote for Sverything yo
text: Chris cuts a look at Lewis, sees that he's listening. He makes
text: a move as Richard leans close to Chris, lowers his voice...
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: You can still think like a winner,
dialog: son. I know you can.
text: This gets Chris looking up as Richard nakes his final move.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: That's mate.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PRATT HOUSE - NIGHT
text: As Chris and Lewis pull out of the driveway.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS' CAR - NIGHT
text: Chris and a subdued Lewis ride in silence. Finally...
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Can I say something, you won't get
dialog: upset?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: I don't think you should go home
dialog: anymore.
text: Chris looks over at_ Lewis who just faces front, offers nothing
text: more. Lewis then leans forward, reaches for the stereo...
scene_heading: EXT. KANSAS CITY STREET - NIGHT
text: It’s snowing as Chris' car drives past, we HEAR MAHLER OVER.
scene_heading: EXT. THE NOEL TOWN BANK - NIGHT
text: As Chris locks up, wal to his car.
scene_heading: INT/EXT FARM ROAD - NI
text: As Chris' HEADLIGHTS pick
speaker_heading: EGGS FRESH CORN" He pul
text: carries a bunch of FLOI
dialog: field.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - NIGHT
text: He looks around until he sees A WHITE HEADSTONE, small, with
text: only a DATE from six years ago inscribed. Chris crouches in
text: front of it, sets the flowers on the ground, reaches out and
text: touches the stone.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: gets out of the car. He
text: sign that reads "HANSOM FARMS
speaker_heading: ‘8
text: ep d as he walks into the
text: After a moment, his begins to shake and he grips the marker
text: for support as we hear him Zon. He lets go of the stone, sits
text: back in the dirt, his whole body racking now. We then...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO: e
scene_heading: INT. "THE QUAFF" - NIGHT
text: Chris sits at the bar, writing in his notebook...
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.0.)
dialog: Once upon a time, I woke up. I went
dialog: to school. I went to work. I took a
dialog: Goddamn shower with soap. And then I
dialog: jumped off the fucking roof--
text: He scribbles over what he's written, senses something, looks up
text: to see the bartender standing there. The guy smiles, raises
dialog: his voice...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: The usual, buckaroo?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Thank you.
text: Chris watches two WOMEN shooting Rogl. One of them -- ina
text: long, fuzzy sweater -- nicely filled out -- over blue jeans and
text: black boots -- comes over to the bar, takes a sip off the beer
text: she's got sitting there, smiles at Chris.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hey.
text: Her friend motions her back over to the table...
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: Luvlee-- your shot.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Right there.
text: Chris watches as she takes a long, easy drink. She turns,
text: catches him looking, smiles at him, opening a door...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I knew a one-armed pool player once.
dialog: (pauses
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: CHR.
text: A guy who played po th one arm.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Oh yeah? How'd he ho. cue.
text: Chris just sits there. Shit. He ‘'t remember. Finally...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (takes a stab)
dialog: He-- he had a dog.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (waits, then)
dialog: And what, the dog helped him?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I think so. Yeah.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Huh. Take it easy.
text: She starts back for the pool table. Chris palms himself on the
text: forehead, looks away, sees the bartender standing there staring
dialog: a m.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'll have another one, please.
text: The guy shakes his head, moves _to the cooler. Chris takes out
text: his notebook, goes back several pages...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: He used a broomstick for a cue.
text: Chris turns, sees GARY, the guy from the other night, sitting a
text: couple stoois down, his cowboy hat sitting on the bar.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What he'd do, he'd rest the stick on
text: the stump of his other arm, line up
dialog: his shots. It looked real awkward
dialog: but dammit if it didn't work for him.
text: Chris just looks at him as the BARTENDER brings Chris his beer,
text: leans Over the bar and speaks to Chris in a loud voice:
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: That. Will. Be. Two. Fifty. Please.
text: Chris glances uncomfortably at Gary, then reaches for his wallet.
text: The bartender takes his money, moves away.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You hard of hearing or something?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Barkeep seems to think you are.
text: The bartender sets down is' change...
speaker_heading: ER
dialog: (loud)
dialog: There. You. .
text: The bartender moves away, "Ox his arm.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Excuse me, sunshine. >
text: The bartender looks down at Gary' nd on his arm.
dialog: He's not deaf.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Kid just told me, he's not deaf.
text: The bartender glances at Chris, pulls his arm free.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: I know he's not.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: There some reason, then, why you kee
dialog: raising your voice every time you talk -
dialog: to him
text: The bartender glances at Chris, then...
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: So he can understand me.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: ' 34.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Why wouldn't he?
text: The bartender is uncomfortable. Gary looks at Chris.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Can you understand him?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It's no problem, I don't mind--
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Can you understand him?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yes.
text: Ga: looks at the bartender, and smiles, but it isn't mirth or
text: good cheer that the bartender reads on Gary's face.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: So now you know.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Yeah. Now I know.
text: phe sey can't get out of there fast enough. Gary shakes his
dialog: ead.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: People.
text: He sees Chris staring Sa his hand.
dialog: Gary Spargo. °
text: Chris eyes him a beat, shakes Ope
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Chris. Pratt. <P
text: Gary raises his beer.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Cheers.
dialog: (then)
dialog: So what was it happened to you, Chris,
dialog: car accident? Bad fall? .
text: Chris pauses, the bottle right at his lips, looks at Gary.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Are you a doctor or something?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Wasn't too hard to figure out. You
dialog: came in here tonight, you were limping.
dialog: You also seem to have some trouble
dialog: speaking. And then there's the little
dialog: notebook you got there...
text: Gary taps Chris' pocket.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I knew someone else once had a similar
dialog: problem, couldn't remember things, had
dialog: o write everything down to keep track
dialog: of the day.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I don't have that problem.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What's my name?
text: Chris looks at him. He’s forgotten. Gary smiles.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Gary Spargo.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Gary-- I know.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Gary-- Spargo.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Gary Spargo, right.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: People think you're stupid, don't they?
dialog: Or worse.
text: Chris doesn't answer t
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Gary takes out an INHALER.
dialog: Irony is...
dialog: (looks at
dialog: ...they're stup
dialog: better.
text: Gary takes a hit off the mig
dialog: ender) |.
dialog: or not knowing any -
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: They're also afraid.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Of what?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Of you.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Because you're different. Like with
dialog: dogs, the way they always attack the
text: sickest one in the pack, just in case.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What're you, like a shrink or something?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: No, but I am what you mi At calla
dialog: student of the human min I know
dialog: people.
dialog: Michae! Peretzian
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Huh.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: It's a complicated world, and the human
dialog: mind's the most complicated thing in
text: Chris nods. No kidding. They both drink a moment.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: So_ how'd it happen? You don't have to
dialog: tell me you don't want to.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I was driving on old Farm Road 24. At
dialog: night. I hit a combine, was stalled
text: out in the middle of the road.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Those old roads can get pretty dark at
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah. They can. They said I was thrown
text: ninety feet.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Tasy said? You mean you don't remember
dialog: I can rememb gtf\ before and right
dialog: after. I reme xy ng face down in
text: a cornfield. TI la hear the voices
dialog: of the paramedics’ l ig for me. One
dialog: was a woman. I rem hinking the
dialog: medivac was gonna 1 op of me.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Uh-huh, so who died?
text: Chris looks at him.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Like I said, I know people.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: My best friend.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You do any time for that?
dialog: (then
dialog: Wait a minute, what am I saying? You're
dialog: Chris fucking Pratt. Of course, you
dialog: didn't do any time.
text: They drink a moment, then...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: My dad had this... monument put in the
dialog: ground where it happened. I drive out
dialog: there once a week, just sit there, for
dialog: hours sometimes.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What you're sayin: yourre doin: ur
dialog: own i Fight’now, s that ria yo)
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Something like that, yeah.
text: Gary nods, takes a drink, looks at Chris in the bar mirror.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: So now you drink near beer, walk with
dialog: a limp. What else?
text: Chris shrugs, reaches for his glass.
dialog: I ick Te ith left
dialog: can up a glass w: e:
dialog: hand, buts. wy
text: His hand shakes, he puts the glass back down.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: ...I can't always drink from it.
text: Gary smiles at him -- warm, reassuring. Chris shrugs.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Sometimes I call tomatoes lemons. My
text: right side shivers on its own when the
dialog: weather's cold, ... I have trouble
dialog: remembering thing:
dialog: d, And
dialog: Be
dialog: Like my name.
speaker_heading: CHR.
dialog: It's Gary... some’ “O.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Spargo. Why don't yo pe write
dialog: ok.
dialog: it down in your bo
text: Chris looks around for his book.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: It's in your pocket.
text: Sure enough. Chris looks at him. Gary smiles.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: There’s an expression: God closes a
text: door, he opens a window. Or he closes
text: a window, he opens a door -- I don't
dialog: know, it's one a those, Anyway, the
dialog: point is, maybe something good came
dialog: out of your, you know, your accident.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Good? I don't think so.
text: Gary nods, turns and watches the two girls shooting pool.
text: WATCH BEEPS. He starts to slide off fhe stool...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I should get going--
dialog: Chris'
dialog: Michael! Peretzian
dialog: 38.
text: Gary looks off at the two girls playing pool.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Man, that redhead really wears that
dialog: sweater, doesn't she?
text: Chris looks to where the girls are laughing now, and looking
dialog: back this way...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I got the impression she kinda liked
dialog: you.
text: Gary turns to Chris and smiles as we then...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE QUAFF - NIGHT
text: As Gary stands body-to-body behind the sweater girl's FRIEND,
text: helps her line up on the eight ball.
text: The MUSIC IS ON LOUD, it's hard to hear what anyone. says, but
text: it's easy to see that they've been playing and drinking for a
text: while; all of them having a good time.
text: An unsteady Chris leans on a cue watching as they take their
text: shot and miss, come up ghing, the sweater girl's friend now
text: iving Gary a fast kisg/on/the mouth, then backing away smiling.
text: me get me. The one sweater stands beside Chris,
dialog: chatting away...
dialog: S| G
dialog: I used to dance a
speaker_heading: IRL
dialog: illy's, you
dialog: know that place in ? But it
dialog: got closed down on of debts,
dialog: so, for right now, I' ring with
dialog: Maura at the chamber o: erce,
dialog: answering phones. What you do?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Well, I uh... I'm sorry. I forgot
dialog: your name--
speaker_heading: SWEATER GIRL
dialog: Again...?
text: He takes out his notebook...
speaker_heading: SWEATER GIRL
scene_heading: Luvlee. L-U-V-L-E-E.
text: Chris looks off as Ga: moves up on Maura, Maura rising up on
text: tip-toe, so she can sit back on the edge of the pool table and
text: let Gary kiss her, this time long and hard and proper.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Anything you wanna know about Kansas
dialog: City, I>can tell you.
dialog: (watchi: S Gar )
dialog: watching Ga
dialog: - Like wi te
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Like did you know that Teflon was
dialog: invented here?
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: (time out from Gary)
dialog: The eskimo pie, too. id the McDonald's
dialog: Happy Meal. And...
speaker_heading: MAURA/LUVLEE
dialog: ...the melt-in-your-mouth-not-in-your-
text: hands M&M candy coating.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You girls are so interesting.
text: Chris watches rapt as Gary smiles, plants another one on Maura
dialog: and then...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: How 'bout we all go somewhere quiet,
dialog: we can better hear what you two have
dialog: to say?
scene_heading: EXT. LUVLEE'S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Where the black Town Car is now parked out front.
scene_heading: INT. THE GIRLS' APARTMENT - SAME ‘
text: As Chris and Luvlee sit the couch listening to the GIGGLES,
text: SOFT MUSIC AND LOW MO: ing in from the next room.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: You know, we alge ow each other.
text: He looks at her. ]
speaker_heading: LUVLEE Q
dialog: we went to school tog De
dialog: (helping)
dialog: Course, was "Gina" th
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I don't remember you.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Well, back then, I wasn't exactly the
dialog: type you'd remember.
text: He stares, trying for the life of him to place her.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: I was on scholarship. I was one of
dialog: the poor kids you never talked to.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Oh--
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: I saw you play the night you won the
dialog: state championships. It was your
dialog: birthday. Do you remember that game?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 40.
dialog: Do 2 Cal y I tt:
dialog: you use a Ba’ uu were a
dialog: real sweetie pie gat there’ oh the ice.
dialog: You didn't just check a iy -- no, you
text: had to take him out and turn him off.
text: He looks at her. She's all smiles.
dialog: I mbe: ou Soe a fi
dialog: remember you got your secon ve
text: minute najoy at’ the end of the game.
dialog: Which meant next game you woulda sat
text: on the bench. But it was the last
dialog: ame of the season and you knew that
dialog: t didn't matter, so whatta you do?
dialog: You go and slash the fuck out of a
text: shitty player at the end of a game
dialog: you've already won. And still everybody
dialog: sings Happy Birthday to you.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You remember all that, huh?
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Oh, yeah. I thought to myself, that
dialog: Kelly Murphy's one lucky girl.
text: We hear GIGGLING in the next room.
speaker_heading: LUYLEE
dialog: Then I heard happened after the
dialog: ame to uu and Kelly and I
dialog: orget the o' g. 's name...
speaker_heading: CHR.
dialog: Nina. Oo)
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: I remember everyone ti about how
dialog: you woke up, you know, other guy.
text: Chris turns away, looks out the window.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: I just kept thinking, God, me and him,
dialog: we're the same age. What if that was
dialog: me that happened to?
text: He looks at her, his eyes suddenly dark; his voice, icy.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It still could.
speaker_heading: UVLEE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oh, man. I'm SOrry What am I
dialog: thinking? I shouldn't have said
dialog: anything. -
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (changing back)
dialog: No. No. It's okay. No problem. I'm
dialog: the one should be sorry. You didn't
dialog: mean anything. .
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: No. I didn't.
text: She turns his face so that he's looking up at her. More noise
text: from the next room. Hearing it, they both have to smile.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: You still look the same to me.
text: He looks at her. She kisses him, reaches down, grabs hold of
text: him between his legs.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: I see everything still works...
text: She raises her sweater, puts his hands inside. She shivers...
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Your hands are cold.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Sorry--
text: She kisses him, studies him a moment.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: So tell me, Chris, did you and Kelly
dialog: + ever get to... you know’
text: He doesn't answer, which is answer enough.
dialog: Because if ¥<u you could pretend
dialog: I'm her.
text: She kisses him. He keeps Yes open. She smiles. =
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: It's a lot better, <> e your eyes.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Why are you doing this?
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Does it matter?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No.
text: He starts to cry, quickly closes his eyes and leans into her as
dialog: we then...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. GARY'S CAR - NIGHT
text: As Gary drives Chris home. Chris shuts his watch off.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You got anything to say?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: Turn right at the next block.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Outside of that.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 42.
text: Chris just shrugs. Gary cuts a look at him.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Gotta be careful, Chris. Girl like
dialog: that, she'll fuck you to pieces.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Tell me about it. This is me right
dialog: here.
text: Gary stops in front of Chris' apartment building, looks out.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What's with the red light?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I forget my address sometimes.
text: Gary nods, studies the building a moment, then...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: How's a titan like Richard Pratt feel
dialog: about you living in a place like this?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: He's never seen it.
text: ery cuts a look at Chris, takes out his inhaler, takes a deep
dialog: at.
dialog: Fathers, man/’ Fyck 'em. Fuck ‘em
dialog: all. Especxél ne, fuck him all
dialog: the way to hi im ack, which is
dialog: where he's got ight now.
speaker_heading: CHRI. 2
dialog: What'd he do? LG
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Various things -- yendag chines,
dialog: pharmaceuticals plumbin upply He
text: id all the pipe underneath Arrowhead
dialog: Stadium. Or he's the one got paid for
dialog: it anyway.
text: Gary looks out the window, goes silent, down in some dark place
text: now that makes Chris just a little nervous.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Well, I should be--
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: He killed his business partner.
text: This gets Chris' attention. Gary looks at Chris.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: He killed him, then he married the
text: man's widow, moved into the man's house,
dialog: drove his car, even gained fifty pounds
text: dust so he could fit into the man's
dialog: Buits.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Jesus...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Oh, yeah, Chris, the guy was a real
text: ray of sunshine.
text: Gary studies the inhaler in his hand, turns to Chris.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: But that doesn't matter now, any. of
dialog: that old past tense bullshit. ‘rom
dialog: here on in, you and me, we gotta be
dialog: our own men, right?
text: Chris nods, sees tears in Gary's exer Gary puts the inhaler
text: back in his pocket, looks out at e apartment building.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You know something else. Chris?
dialog: (nods to the ilding)
dialog: You're better than this.
dialog: (turns to Chris now)
dialog: A lot better.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS' APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: As Chris gets out of Gary's car and starts for his building.
text: Halfway, he turns back, watches as Gary drives up the street.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS' APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Quiet. We hear A KEY IN THE LOCK. The door opens and Chris
text: enters. He starts for bedroom, then pauses, looks at...
scene_heading: THE KITCHEN TABLE
text: Where we see a plate co’
text: covered with saran wrap.
text: Lewis' room, peers inside...
scene_heading: INT. LEWIS' ROOM - SAME
text: As Chris turns on the light. We <eSpevis asleep in bed. Chris
text: looks around the immaculate room.. t the sweatsuits hanging
text: in the closet with their tactile tags. The computer. The
text: Braille books. ‘The tape recorder on the desk.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You wearing perfume?
text: Chris looks at Lewis, his eyes still closed.
speaker_heading: CHRIS .
dialog: What? Me? No-- e
text: Chris backs away, turns off the light.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Sorry I woke you--
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (sits vp)
dialog: Hey-- Wait! Stop! Don't move!
dialog: (then)
dialog: You with a lady tonight?
text: Chris just stands there. Caught. Stuck.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: h tin foil. A glass of milk
text: es apple. Chris walks over to
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: a4.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Son-of-a-bitch. You got laid, didn't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I don't wanna talk about it.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: But you are, my friend, you are.
text: Lewis pats the bed. Chris comes over, sits down.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: So, what, you get a hummer?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Lewis.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Okay, at least tell me her name.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Luvlee-- something.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Lovely? That's a name?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
scene_heading: L-u-v-l-e-e.
dialog: Ss
dialog: Huh. That's n one. So what's
dialog: this Luvlee {or ing look like?
speaker_heading: ‘Ss
dialog: She's... cute. é nice.
speaker_heading: LEWI.
dialog: You meet her at thai uu go to,
dialog: what's it called, The £B).-
dialog: The Quast Yeah. sh hi ith
dialog: e@ Quaff. Yeah. e was there wi
dialog: a friend.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Here I am sitting at home alone every
dialog: night while you're out getting blown
dialog: and God knows what else Luvlee
dialog: Something who by the way has a friend
dialog: and you don't introduce me?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Lemons. That's what it is.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: That's what what is? Her favorite
dialog: fruit?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Her last name.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Luvlee Lemons? That's her name?
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Actually it's a stage name. She's
dialog: a... performer.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Uh-huh. And by stage, I'm assuming
dialog: you mean the kind with a pole?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: She's a stripper, no?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: She's a dancer.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Chris--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: She's not a stripper.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Let's move on. How'd you meet her?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Gary introduced me to her. j
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Who's Gary? who?
dialog: Spargo.
speaker_heading: LEW.
dialog: Do I know this 22
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No. I don't think a5
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Huh.
text: They sit there a moment. Chris finally gets up.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Well, I better get some sleep.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Yeah. You better. You dog.
text: Chris walks out. Lewis' smile fades; his expression goes
dialog: thoughtful now.
scene_heading: EXT. NOEL TOWN BANK - NIGHT
text: A sheriff's green & white is parked out front. Deputy Ted
text: Tillman leans in the doorway...
speaker_heading: TED (V.0.)
dialog: She put me on a pager...
scene_heading: INT. BANK - SAME
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 46.
text: Chris, in a big hu ickly mops the floor as Ted shows him
text: a bright red beeper on fis belt oP
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: --in case her water breaks or whatever
dialog: while I'm on my shift.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Phil Costello says I look like a drug
dialog: dealer. You know, ‘cause of how they
dialog: always wear these colored beepers--
dialog: Is
dialog: I know what he meant.
text: Ted nods, watches as Chris ickl. ts the away and decides
dialog: to get back on the other subject...» mop
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Won't be dong now I guess. Doctor
dialog: says two weeks at the most.
text: Chris starts shutting off the lights...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I'm making a list to take with me to
dialog: the hospital of everyone I'm gonna
dialog: call once the baby shows. Case you're
dialog: wondering, you're right there at the
dialog: top after my in-laws.
text: Chris looks at Ted.
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Why what? Q
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Why would I be at wedi your list?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Because I want you to be the first of
dialog: my friends to know, that's why.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Are we friends, Ted?
text: Ted looks at Chris. Chuckles... nervous now...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You forget or something? Don't tell
dialog: me you gotta write down in your
dialog: book, too. Of course we're friends.
text: Chris finally smiles at him.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I remember.
scene_heading: INT. QUAFF - NIGHT
text: It's quiet in here tonight as Chris comes in and looks around
dialog: al
text: the ce on his way to a stool. He sits down, is caught off
text: guard when the Bartender immediately brings him a Sharpes.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (all_smiles)
dialog: The usual, buddy?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Uh-- thank you.
text: Chris takes a sip, hears LAUGHTER and looks over at the pool
text: tables where a YOUNG COUPLE plays eight ball. No Gary. The
text: PHONE RINGS. Chris sips his beer, looks around, jumps as the
text: Bartender sets the phone down on the bar in front’ of him.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: It's for you.
text: Chris looks at the phone, hesitates, takes it...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: GARY (PHONE)
dialog: You wanna hang, drink with a bunch of
dialog: frat boys, or you wanna come out and
dialog: play some more with me and my friends?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Where are you?
speaker_heading: GARY (PHONE)
dialog: See the black car out front?
text: Chris turns, looks out £he window. We see the Lincoln parked
text: at the curb. A short <x ar REDHEAD, leaning against it.
speaker_heading: S
dialog: Uh-huh.
dialog: °
speaker_heading: GARY RG}
dialog: That's your ride. cS
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Are you in there?
speaker_heading: GARY (PHONE)
dialog: Cork'll take you to where I am.
text: The line goes dead. Chris sees the bartender staring at him.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE QUAFF" - NIGHT
text: As Chris walks out to the car, the short stocky, red-headed
text: guy smiles (is always smiling , extends his hand...
speaker_heading: RED HEAD
dialog: Dennis Cork.
text: Cork holds onto Chris' hand an extra second or two...
speaker_heading: CORK
dialog: You got a good grip, chief.
text: As he gets in, Chris glances back at the bar -- sees the
text: Bartender leaning way over the counter now to see.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT
text: As the town car turns off the street into the alley and parks.
text: Cork gets out, iB the door for Chris. Chris looks around at
text: the dark surroundings, suddenly not so sure of anything.
text: Cork points towards a metal door, painted bright red, across
dialog: the alley.
speaker_heading: CORK
dialog: He's in there.
text: Chris nods, stares at the door, not so sure. Cork puts a hand
text: on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: CORK
dialog: Not to worry, Chief.
dialog: grins)
dialog: I'm lookin' out for you.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE CLUB - NIGHT
text: Loud. Full of people. Cork leads Chris through the CROWD to a
text: table at the back where we see Gary -- in his uniform of leather
text: jacket and slacks -- sitting with two other GUYS. Gary has to
text: shout over the music...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Chris! Sit down!
text: Chris sits down and Ga:
dialog: black man with rasta dyea
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: ndicates the guy on his right -- a
text: goatee and pierced eyebrow.
dialog: This is Marty
speaker_heading: crRif¥ 7
dialog: Hello.
text: Marty barely nods, keeps his rege on Chris.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: And this--
text: And now Gary indicates the gy on the other side of him -- this
text: guy tall, pate and thin, with dark shades and a shitty comb-
text: over; one leg folded over another, he wears all black threads
text: and cheap running shoes, a cross between Ric Ocasek and a Praying
dialog: 8. :
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: --is my cousin, Bobby Bone.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (beat)
text: The guy doesn't react, doesn't move. Hell, with those dark
text: shades, it's hard to tell if the guy's even looking at Chris.
text: Chris watches as Gary grabs a passing waitress, pulls her down
text: to him and whispers something in her ear. Whatever it is, it
text: makes her smile. Gary then turns back to Chris...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What do you think of my club?
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You own this place?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Piece of it, yeah.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I like it.
text: The Waitress reappears with a bottle of Patron on a tray and
text: some shot glasses. Chris watches as Gary pulls out a ck
text: roll of cash and peels off several bills, and hands them to
text: her. Gary pours them each a shot...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm really not supposed to drink.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: One shot won't kill you.
text: Marty slides the glass to Chris. They all raise their glasses.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: To new friends.
text: Chris swallows the tequila, his eyes watering from the burn.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Speaking of which...
text: and Maura make their way over to the
text: d gives Chris a kiss on the mouth.
text: es Marty staring at him,
dialog: we then...
scene_heading: or DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS AND LEWIS' APARTMENT - HT
text: Lewis sits on the couch reading from a Braille book. He sips
text: from a glass of wine, reaches over and pushes a button on t
text: of the audio clock that sits on the end table. A COMPUTER VOICE
text: tells him it's 1:32 a.m. He sits there a moment...
speaker_heading: . LEWIS
dialog: (thoughtful)
dialog: Gary Spargo.
scene_heading: INT. GARY'S CLUB - NIGHT
text: The music on loud. And now three more GIRLS have joined the
dialog: group so that everyone's paired up... even Bone, t! gh he
text: loesn't so much as look at the girl that sits on his lap.
text: Chris turns to see Luvl
dialog: table. Luvlee bends d
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Hey, you.
text: She sits down on his lap, ba
dialog: suddenly unhappy about someth:
dialog: An interesting thing: every time that Luvlee kisses, abs,
text: nibbles on Chris, Marty gives the girl in his lap a kiss,
dialog: squeeze, whatever.
text: Chris watches as Gary flashes his cash roll for the waitress,
text: busboy, whoever, always peeling a few bills. He notices how
text: Luvlee and Maura watch, too.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 50.
text: Gary looks at Chris, smiles, then checks his watch, ts up
text: just as A BIG Guy -- his square head and fireplug neck sting
text: out of a coat and tie -- bumps into Gary and spills his vodka
text: cranberry all down Gary's front.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What the fuck--
text: Gary steps back and looks at the guy who brushes a few drops of
text: his drink off his own shirt. The Big Guy's BUDDY and a
text: GIRLFRIEND appear at his side now to watch the action...
speaker_heading: THE NECK
dialog: Why don't you fuckin pdy attention,
dialog: watch what you're doing’
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Pardon me?
speaker_heading: THE NECK
dialog: You fuckin stood up right into me.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Really? Is that what happened?
text: The buddy notices the faces around the table, elbows the big
text: guy who takes one look at Bobby Bone and doubles back...
speaker_heading: THE NECK
dialog: Hey, you know what? Forget it. It
dialog: was my fault, 68 me wasn't paying
dialog: attention.
dialog: What's your nai 7e
text: Chris watches rapt now as the guy completely comes apart.
speaker_heading: THE NE
dialog: Please, I don't want a of
dialog: trouble.
text: Gary smiles...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I just asked your name is all.
text: ...and winks at the guy's girlfriend.
speaker_heading: THE NECK
dialog: Roland. Gibbs.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Gary. Spargo.
text: The gy, knows, nods, shakes Gary's hand, wants to be anywhere
dialog: but here right now.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Can I buy you a drink, Mr. Spargo?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I don't need a drink, I was just
dialog: leaving. But...
dialog: (brushes the stain)
dialog: ++.I do need a new shirt...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Absolutely. The least I can do.
dialog: (takes out his wallet)
dialog: What kind is it? I'll pay you for it
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I don't know what it is, but I sure
dialog: like the one you got on, Roland.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: What, this one?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Yeah. What is that, Armani?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: I think so, yeah.
text: Gary waits. The guy finally gets it, puts his wallet back.
dialog: You want it?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: It's a little big, but, then, I like
dialog: them loose.
dialog: i
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Say no more, it's yours.
text: He starts to unbutton his shirt right there. Roland's buddy
text: and girlfriend now into the safety of the crowd.
dialog: Li
dialog: Oh, yeah...
text: Chris turns, sees the beginni:
text: sees how she, and the other
dialog: this up as well, even the guy
dialog: off Gary.
text: The guy unbuttons his cuffs, reveals a HUGE GOLD ROLEX. Gary
text: sees it. Chris sees that Gary sees it, sees the guy give hin
text: an uneasy look as Gary stares at the man's wrist...
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: a smile on Luvlee's face,
dialog: that matter, are eating
dialog: iend can't take her eyes
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Nice cufflinks.
speaker_heading: RO:
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: You want them?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You don't mind?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Not at all.
text: The guy dumps the cufflinks on the table in front of Chris,
text: starts to peel of his tie. Gary looks at Chris as he says:
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Tie's nice, too. Looks smart with the
dialog: shirt.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: s2.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: It's yours.
text: Luvlee can barely contain herself as the guy now hands Gary the
text: tie, then takes off his shirt, takes it off to reveal a
text: sieeveless black T underneath. Cork takes in the guy's muscles,
text: whistles.
speaker_heading: CORK
dialog: Ole Rollo's sure cut up, isn't he,
dialog: Chris?
text: Chris looks at the guy, embarrassed for him, yet exhilarated at
text: the same time. The guy cuts_a glance over his shoulder, sees
dialog: that people are starting to look this way, wonder what's going
text: on. ry takes the shirt, drapes it over his arm..
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You got a small waist for such a big
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: (proud)
dialog: I'm a thirty-four.
text: Gary nods. Roland gets it, looks down at his BELT...
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: You want it? It's calfskin.
dialog: I figured.
dialog: You want the pi Bey toot
speaker_heading: GARY” ©
dialog: What do I look like d?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: (hands him the bel
dialog: And again, Mr. Spargo, real sorry.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: It's forgotten.
text: Gary shakes his hand. Roland starts to move away...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Say, Roland...
text: Roland stops... Gary nods to his wrist...
dialog: That a Rolex?
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT
text: As Gary and company exit the club jaughing Chris and Luvlee
text: bring up the rear. Gary takes a whiff of the shirt, winces...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I hate men wear fuckin perfume.
text: Gary tosses Roland's stuff into a dumpster, all except for the
text: Rolex which he examines a moment. He looks up at Chris who
text: hasn't stopped staring at Gary since the incident began...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Here you go, Chris.
text: He tosses him the watch. Chris barely catches it. Everyone
text: jasping, then Jaughin as he finally gets control of it. He
text: cooks at the watch, then up at Gary who taps his head... .
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I know people.
text: They all start off for the car, Chris bringing up the rear, now
text: staring at the watch in his hand. Luvlee puts her arm around
text: him, looks at it...
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: That is so righteous...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE "WEST BOTTOMS" DISTRICT - NIGHT
text: An industrial tract full of abandoned buildings between the
text: railroad tracks and the old stockyards. The Town Car pulls w
text: to a decrepit five-story factory with the name "KC BOLT & S "
text: painted on the brick. erybody piles out...
scene_heading: AN INDUSTRIAL SPACE
text: Metal counters. Fluorescent lights. Floor-to-ceiling, steel-
text: framed windows provide A-1 view of the downtown Kansas City
text: skyline. A FREIGHT EL! R arrives and the group steps off.
dialog: Home sweet hi
text: He moves to a stereo, hit Cres and Led Zepplin begins
text: blasting. Chris takes one “CD f£ the elevator, slips and
text: falls on his ass.
speaker_heading: com “SY
dialog: Woopsy Johnny--
text: As Cork bends down to help Chris to his feet, we see that the
text: floor is covered with a metallic carpet of NUTS, BOLTS, TACKS,
text: and SCREWS of all shapes and sizes.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: What is this place?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Used to be a factory, made nuts and
dialog: bolts and shit.
text: Chris looks around, the place set up as a kind of clubhouse. A
text: pinball machine over here. A big ZER over there.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: My old man owned a few of these old
dialog: 3 aces, left ‘em to me when he died.
dialog: got ideas for the whole area. .
text: Cork at the other end of the room now -- his shirt off to expose
text: his tattoo-covered torso -- lying on a bench-press lifting a
dialog: couple hundred pounds no problem.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: -
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CORK
dialog: Hey, Chris, how 'bout you sit on the
dialog: bar, see if I can lift you?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Knock it off, Cork.
dialog: (then to Chris)
dialog: I believe this is your brand--
text: Chris looks over as Gary opens THE FREEZER, glances at Cork,
text: tries to see inside as reaches in, grabs a Sharpes and
text: tosses it to Chris.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Here you go, Chris.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Don't drink. Don't smoke. What do
dialog: you do?
text: Chris looks at Marty, a fat joint dangling from his lips, now
text: going through a series of tal chi movements.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: For starters, he gives me a fuckin
dialog: jaccuzzi in my pants.
dialog: (flips him off)
dialog: Whatta you do?
speaker_heading: CoO)
text: Marty gives her a darKQ Gary comes over, yanks the joint
text: from Marty's mouth.
speaker_heading: GAR’ :
dialog: You know how I feel t that shit.
text: We hear A GUNSHOT and Chris j $ ‘they all turn as The Bone
text: shoots a pistol at a wall where empl crude "targets" have
text: been painted including: a person, irplane, and a dog.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Let's go into my office, Chris.
text: He looks at Luvlee. She waves.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: I'll be right here.
text: As Chris moves off with Gary, Luvlee motions for Bone to give
dialog: her the gun...
speaker_heading: My t LUVLEE
dialog: urn.
text: She expertly racks the slide on the pistol, takes aim and
text: squeezes off a half dozen rounds into the head of the dog.
scene_heading: INT. A DARK ROOM - NIGHT
text: We hear the MUSIC OS as the door opens and a light is turned on
text: to reveal Gary and Chris standing in the doorway of a piss
text: elegant office set up. An old leather couch, a red felt pool
dialog: table and what would have to bea stolen Coke machine.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Man.
text: Chris sees that the pool table is covered with pencil sketches
text: of buildings, streets, and public squares. He looks at one of
dialog: them...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Like I said, I got ideas for this whole
dialog: area.
text: Gary comes up beside him, gestures to the blueprint...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I'm gonna redevelop it, turn it all
dialog: into artists Torte: restaurants gyms.
dialog: make it a brand new community, like
dialog: SOHO, only, you know, right here.
text: Chris looks at Gary.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I didn't know you were into real esate.
text: Gary sits down on the couch.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What is it you think you know about
dialog: me, Chris?
dialog: Ss
dialog: Luvlee says ' on the ten most
dialog: wanted list thing like that.
dialog: That's nice of of to say, but it's -
dialog: not quite that way. °% ean, am I into :
dialog: the occasional ille ivity? Yes,
dialog: Iam. Do I have bi is for
dialog: myself?
dialog: (indicates drawings .
dialog: You bet I do. I just havé’to finance
dialog: my dream is all. Same as anybody.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Finance it, how?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Gary smiles, walks over to the pool table. He crouches down,
text: opens a door underneath and looks up at Chris.
speaker_heading: GARY -
dialog: Take a look. e
text: The hidden cupboard is full of CASH.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Is that real?
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Goddamn right, it's real.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Jesus... How much is that?
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: sé.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Three million, little more. Go ahead,
dialog: take a better look.
text: Chris looks at Gary, then reaches in and grabs a brick of cash.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: How's it feel?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: --Right?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Real good.
text: They both smile, then something occurs to Chris.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Where'd you get it?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Where's money usually come from? I
dialog: stole it from a fuckin bank.
text: Chris looks at Gary, the smile gone now.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You up for s hing like that?
dialog: Something 11) a!
speaker_heading: GAR’
text: Walking into a bi middle of the
dialog: night and walking o1 everything?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (beat) <P
dialog: I don't know...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You afraid?
text: Then, before Chris can answer.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Because I know I would be, I were you.
dialog: I've been to prison before and I don't e
dialog: ever wanna go back.
dialog: (then)
dialog: The simple truth is, Chris, you're
dialog: smart enough, you can get away with
text: ’ cluding murder.
text: This gets Chris' attention.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You just gotta be careful, you gotta
dialog: take your time, and you gotta plan.
text: Chris nods like he's in total agreement.
dialog: Michaet Peretzian
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: And, in our case uu gotta pick the
dialog: absolute right bank. 3 P
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Absolutely.
speaker_heading: YY
text: Something in the middle of nowhere.
dialog: Little farm bank where they get all
dialog: that U.S.D.A. money. You know what
dialog: I'm talking about? The four to five
dialog: million cash that comes twice a year?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Farm subsidy money.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Gotta be rich these days to be a farmer,
dialog: Chris.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Absolutely.
dialog: (then
dialog: So we'd be stealing money from farmers?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: No, Chris, we'd be stealing money from
dialog: the gov . And who really gives
dialog: a shit we steal from ? It'sa
dialog: totally victil ss crime. lot only
dialog: that, the plage J, got in mind, they
dialog: t: speak of. And why
dialog: I mean, who's
dialog: ionna come all down to little
dialog: joel, Kansas to a bank? -
dialog: 2
text: Boom. Chris turns to Gary wheCogh pagain is smiling.
dialog: )
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: No one even knows the 5p. RRS
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: exists.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Where did you say?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: After all, isn't that the very same
dialog: reason you drive an hour and a half
dialog: each way to work there?
text: All of a sudden Chris looks like he might fall over.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I can't rob a bank.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You just said you could.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I wasn't serious.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Well, I took you seriously.
text: Chris looks at the cash still in his hand, quickly puts it down
text: on the pool table like its contaminated...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I don't know, but if I got my life
dialog: ripped out from under me the way you
dialog: 9. yours_ripped out from under you,
dialog: 'a give less than half a shit ut
dialog: what's right and wrong anymore.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: That was my own damn fault.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: That's irrelevant. The point is,
dialog: want your old life back, don't you
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Sorry. It's too late, you can't have
dialog: it back. No matter how hard you try.
dialog: And you know it.
text: Chris turns away and Gary moves to stay in front of him.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: But I tell you what, Chris, I can give
dialog: you something almost as good... maybe
dialog: even better.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What?
dialog: I can give y oe
speaker_heading: CHR.
dialog: °
dialog: The power?
speaker_heading: GARY ZY
dialog: uy old man always sai Seo it's one
dialog: the few things we a eyon -- that
dialog: whoever’ has the money, the power.
dialog: en
dialog: Do you have the power, Chris? Right
dialog: now in your life
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: How many janitors you know of have any
dialog: kinda power to speak of?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I make a living.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: There's a difference, Chris, between
dialog: making a living and having a life.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm learning about the banking business.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: In fucking Noel, Kansas?
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 59.
text: Chris doesn't answer that. Gary laughs.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I went to prison for my sins, so I
dialog: don't. carry them around with me. Your
dialog: old man a tab, so now you
dialog: drive out Old Farm Road 24 once a week
dialog: to leave your flowers and keep fresh
dialog: in your mind, case you forgot, just
dialog: what a piece a shit you are.
text: Chris doesn't move.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You know what the irony is? The biggest
dialog: fuckin Joke of all?
dialog: en
dialog: Now that he's stepped up for you ur
dialog: old man respects you even Jess thak
dialog: u_respect yourself. Which means,
dialog: e'll never step up again.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I don't need my father for anything.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I'm saying he wouldn't help you anyway.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: He would if I asked him.
dialog: You think s
speaker_heading: ‘Ss
dialog: I know so.
dialog: °
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You think he'd ue ey if you
dialog: asked him?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Is that what this is about? My father's
dialog: money?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Hey; Chris, I just showed you three
dialog: million cash I’ got squirreled under
dialog: the pool table. Fuck your old man's
dialog: money. That's not where I'm goin'--
dialog: I'm talking about the man has no fateh
dialog: in you. I'm talking about you as! ™m
dialog: for help, the answer's already No.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: If I asked my father for money, he'd
dialog: give it to me.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Yeah? Really? Tell you what--
text: Gary takes out a cellphone, sets it down on the pool table.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Let's call him right now and ask him.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Ask him what?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Ask him if he'll loan you ten grand.
dialog: Ask him if he'll loan you one grand.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Tell him you have an idea, you wanna
dialog: start a business. It reaily doesn't
dialog: matter what you say-- he's not gonna
dialog: give you a fuckin nickel.
text: Chris stands there looking at Gary a moment. We hear LAUGHING,
text: MUSIC in the other room.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I thought we were friends.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: We friends, Chris. Outside of
dialog: maybe some old blind wey dresses like
dialog: Larry Flynt, I'm the st friend you've
dialog: got, (22a. } mean that.
dialog: en
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: have faith ik
dialog: you.
dialog: u. JZ want to help
dialog: How? By robbi
dialog: rll it Y ¥ ‘ll
dialog: ' sa again uu
dialog: write it down this $ ye
text: Gary taps Chris' notebook.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Whoever has the money, has the power.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS & LEWIS' APARTMENT - MORNING
text: A light snow falls as Lewis steps outside onto the porch.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You got snow this morning--
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - SAME
text: As Lewis shuts the door, heads for the kitchen.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: --s0 wear something warm.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (0.8S.)
dialog: I am.
text: Lewis grabs some eggs from the refrigerator.
speaker_heading: LEWIS "
dialog: Don't forget you got class at two.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (0.S.
dialog: I know. (0.8.)
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: I'm goin' to the symphony with Andy
dialog: Cho tonight, so I'll be late--
text: Lewis starts to fix an omelette as Chris comes into the room,
text: dressed in black jeans.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You already said that.
text: We see that he wears the Rolex. He looks at his reflection in
text: the window, seeing that his old sports coat wrecks the effect.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: I'll fix you something before I go.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'll be fine.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: It's no trouble.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'll eat something on the way home.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: What, fast food?
dialog: See you later tewis.
text: And he's out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. KANSAS CITY STRE
text: As Chris buys a hot dog f: a chat R in a wheel chair.
speaker_heading: ty VENDO!
text: Chris gets into his car, take® ite of his hot dog, looks at
text: the guy a moment, then pulls ,
scene_heading: EXT. CENTER FOR INDEPENDENT 1785 oe
text: As Chris comes out, walks to his . He pats his pockets,
text: Reers into the car, sees his keys in the ignition, and sits
text: lown on the pavement and takes off his shoe.
scene_heading: INT. BANK - NIGHT
text: As Chris mops the floor. He looks up as Ted pulls up, gets out
text: of his cruiser waving a bag of donuts...
scene_heading: INT. THE QUAFF - NIGHT
text: Chris sits at the bar, watches the other people, feels removed
text: from everyone. He pays his tab, gets up...
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS' APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: As Chris comes in, sees that Lewis has left dinner out again
text: for him. He takes the apple, puts the rest back in the
text: refrigerator, and then goes into...
speaker_heading: HIS ROOM
text: and sits down on the bed. He takes a bite of the apple, sighs,
text: looks around the room.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 62.
text: Hanging on the back of the door is a HALL'S DEPARTMENT STORE
text: garment bag. A NOTE taped to it. Chris walks over and pulls
dialog: he note from the plastic...
scene_heading: INSERT - NOTE
text: Written in perfect hand: "SAW THIS. ‘THOUGHT OF YOU. MOM."
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: unzips the bag and pulls out the arm of A NEW JACKET. He takes
text: the bag off the door and flings it across the room.
text: He sits down on the bed. He stares at the jacket on the floor
text: a moment, then picks up the phone and dials a number...
speaker_heading: VOICE (PHONE)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Dad?
speaker_heading: RICHARD PRATT (PHONE)
dialog: Chris-- What time is it?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: A little after two.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY'S VOICE
dialog: Is he all right? Has something happened
dialog: to him?
speaker_heading: (PHONE)
dialog: I
dialog: Are you all ?
speaker_heading: CHR:
dialog: I'm fine. I just’ wats
dialog: could borrow zee thetisa.
dialog: to know if I
dialog: A dollars.
dialog: 
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I need to borrow ten thousand dollars.
speaker_heading: RICHARD (PHONE)
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I just need it.
speaker_heading: RICHARD (PHONE)
dialog: Chris, it's two in the morning, this
dialog: really isn't the time to--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: How ‘bout one thousand dollars? Could
dialog: I borrow one thousand dollars?
speaker_heading: RICHARD (PHONE)
dialog: Are you all right, Chris?
speaker_heading: CHRIS :
dialog: Can I have the money or not?
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: RICHARD (PHONE)
dialog: (ong pause, then)
dialog: Are you in some kind of trouble?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No. I'm not in trouble. I just--
speaker_heading: RICHARD (PHONE)
dialog: Because if you are, I want to help out
dialog: any way I can. You know I do. But I
dialog: think, first should come over and
dialog: we should talk about whatever it is
text: face-to-face.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm not in trouble. I just need the
dialog: money.
text: Silence on the other end.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Dad?
speaker_heading: RICHARD (PHONE)
dialog: I don't think that's a good idea.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You didn't even ask what I want it ;
dialog: or. :
speaker_heading: R: (PHONE)
dialog: I asked, you, nis tell me.
dialog: You asked if tops trouble.
speaker_heading: RI NE)
dialog: All right, then, whi ou want the
dialog: money for?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I have an idea.
speaker_heading: (beat) RICHARD (PHONE)
dialog: ai
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I want to start a business.
speaker_heading: . RICHARD (PHONE)
dialog: With a thousand dollars? Exactly what
dialog: sort of business do you think you can
dialog: start with a thousand dollars?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Well, I was thinking, I might start a
dialog: skate sharpening business, you know,
dialog: over at Crowne Center?
speaker_heading: RICHARD (PHONE)
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Maybe later, I could even sell some
dialog: hockey equipment --
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: RICHARD (PHONE)
dialog: Look, Chris--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You're saying "no?"
speaker_heading: RICHARD (PHONE)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You're saying "yes?"
speaker_heading: RICHARD (PHONE)
dialog: (pushed)
dialog: lo--
dialog: 'm saying you cannot have the
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY (PHONE, OS)
dialog: Richard...
speaker_heading: RICHARD (PHONE)
dialog: Look, Chris--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It's okay, Dad, really. I understand.
text: Another sigh on the other end.
speaker_heading: (PHONE)
dialog: Can I ask 8 ing?
dialog: pram ()
dialog: Would you like to co
speaker_heading: CaS
dialog: mé& Kaek home?
speaker_heading: ‘ CHRIS
speaker_heading: RICHARD (PHONE)
dialog: It's okay, son. You don't have to be
text: afraid to ask. The door's always open
dialog: for you here. Any time you want to--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You won't loan me the money, but I can
dialog: move back home?
speaker_heading: RICHARD (PHONE)
dialog: If that's what you want--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I gotta go, Dad.
text: He hangs u ine phone, fa falls back on the bed. He takes out his
dialog: Go ahead.
dialog: 
text: notebook, hrough it, finds what he's looking for and
text: dials another” number.
speaker_heading: GARY (PHONE)
dialog: (music in the b.g.)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You know that thing you mentioned the
dialog: other night?
speaker_heading: GARY (PHONE)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: CHRIS (PHONE)
dialog: Well, I'm thinking about it.
speaker_heading: GARY (PHONE)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: And I'm thinking I wanna do it.
speaker_heading: GARY (PHONE)
dialog: Good.
text: We HEAR THE SOUND OF A HELICOPTER OVER as we then...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET NOEL - EARLY MORNING (PRESENT)
text: As a black helicopter banks around and over the main street,
text: the Christmas decorations sway in the wash from the blades.
text: The sheriff and Phil Cosfello (from the opening) stand beside
text: their cruisers holdin to their Stetsons to keep them from
text: blowing away as the hélic r lands in the middle of the street,
text: directly in front of E) BANK.
text: TWO MEN and A WOMAN, in s' and blue windbreakers with "FBI"
text: emblazoned in gold letters ‘on back, duck out, get clear of
text: the blades and shake hands wi sheriff as we then...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT. >
speaker_heading: MARTY (V.O.)
dialog: The vault's an antique Hogue &
dialog: Langehammer...
scene_heading: INT. WEST BOTTOMS - DAY
text: Equipment now scattered about the room -- including cutting
text: torches, electronics gear, various hand tools. Gary, Chris and
text: the rest of the crew look at photographs of the Noel Town Bank
text: spread out on the pool table.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: We're looking at steel and cement
text: casing, which means at least a two
dialog: hour drill time.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: (taps a photo)
dialog: And then there's Deputy Donut...
text: Chris looks at a photograph of Ted getting out of his cruiser.
speaker_heading: GARY
text: He drives by once a night, never at
dialog: the same time, so there's no way to
dialog: plan for him.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: But he's off at two. And I don't know
dialog: if anybody ever comes by after that.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: We go too late, any loud noise ina
dialog: town that smali's gonna be a problem
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What do you mean "loud noise?"
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I'm talking about if the cutting torch
dialog: doesn't work and we end up having to
dialog: blow the vault. We're gonna need some
dialog: highway noise to cover for us and that
text: stops around midnight.
text: Chris looks at the photographs, the equipment...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: So all I_have to do is let you in the
dialog: bank, help you with the alarm--
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: --and keep a lookout for Ted.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: And for that, I get a million dollars.
dialog: Maybe more.
text: Chris notices the Bone = a corner of the room.
dialog: What about suet
dialog: No guns. We any cau 28 de, it's
dialog: burglary, af vey ear We get
dialog: caught inside with 's another
dialog: automatic fifteen VyVeane "on top of the
dialog: five. So no guns.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: No way.
speaker_heading: CORK
dialog: Absolutely not.
text: Chris looks at the Bone who remains still behind the shades.
text: Gary pats Chris on the back.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: This is gonna be the easiest million
dialog: you're ever gonna make.
scene_heading: INT. NEWS STATION - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: As Lewis makes his way down the corridor carrying a brown apex
text: bag. Employees greet. ng him as he passes, Lewis greeting
text: ck, knowing everybody's name by the sound of their voice. He
text: stops at a door marked RESEARCH and knocks, then enters...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: INT. RESEARCH ROOM - DAY
text: Floor to ceiling with books, magazines, videotape. COOKIE, a
text: small black man sits in front of a computer terminal...
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Hey, Cookie.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: What's in the bag?
speaker_heading: LEWIS.
text: Chicken salad sandwich. Two oatmeal
text: cookies and a pickle.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: You still put apples in your chicken
dialog: salad?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Wouldn't be chicken salad without 'em.
text: Cookie snatches the bag away, turns to the computer.
speaker_heading: COOKIE
dialog: Say again the guy you wanna look at?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
scene_heading: Gary Spargo. S-p-a-r-g-o.
speaker_heading: IE
dialog: How much you know?
dialog: Everything.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS & LEWIS' AP, Ox
text: As Chris parks out front, sta: he front stairs.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS & LEWIS' APARTMENT -
text: AS Chris comes in, shuts the door, fumbles for the light switch.
speaker_heading: LEWIS (0.8.)
dialog: They call him Gary the Glove.
text: Chris looks to the couch as Lewis reaches over and turns on a
dialog: amp.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: There's several stories, my favorite e
dialog: being every time he kills someone, he
text: wears the same pair of gloves his old
dialog: man used to wear back when he was a
dialog: plumber.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Really? I heard a different one. But
dialog: they're all bullshit. He got the name
dialog: when he played center field as a kid.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: He's been busted twice for bank robbery,
dialog: once for assault.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Not robbery.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Burglary. There's a difference.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Whatever you call it, he's stealing
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: Gary's ist trying to finance his dream,
dialog: go legit like the Kennedys.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: "Finance his dream?" What kinda
dialog: horseshit is that?
speaker_heading: CHRIS .
dialog: It's not horseshit. He's got over
dialog: three million in cash already.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Where? Under the mattress?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: Under the pool table. In a secret
dialog: spot. He shot it to me.
text: Chris looks at Lewis, €e ss he probably shouldn't have said
dialog: that. But Lewis is of: a track...
speaker_heading: LEW.
dialog: One of his pals, Bozanni, did
dialog: eight years at Mari throwing a
text: guy off a roof.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: The guy's dog wouldn't SP barking.
text: And he threw them both off the roof.
text: Lewis turns to him.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It’s a bug act, though. The Bone's
dialog: not so bad.
speaker_heading: LEWIS e
dialog: A what?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: He's faking it. He's not really crazy.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You gonna start talking like those
dialog: guys now?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Me and Gary got a lot in common.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Such as what? You both got pricks for
dialog: “old men"? gor P
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: That’s one thing, yeah.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: It_ doesn't bother you these guys have
dialog: killed people? yo
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Something else we got in common.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You're not a criminal.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Manslaughter's a crime.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: ‘You know what I'm talking about.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Only reason I didn't do any time is
dialog: because my father had the money to
dialog: keep me out. .
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: That eee. 9r Gary the Glove talking?
dialog: en.
dialog: Look, I can't blame you. the guy makes
dialog: you forget your problems. :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I_mean that yo always have the
dialog: ability to judg ople, to know who
dialog: can be trusted ar an't, to know
dialog: when you might be i) le.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm not in trouble. you think
dialog: I'm in trouble?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Chris, look--
text: We hear A CELLPHONE RING.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: The hell is that?
text: Chris reaches into his pocket.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: My phone. Gary gave it to me.
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Hello? Yeah. Hi...
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Pretty nice guy, he gives you a phone.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (walking away)
dialog: Yeah, I can meet you there. What time?
text: Lewis stands there as Chris shuts his door.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: ‘ 70.
scene_heading: INT. THE QUAFF - NIGHT
text: Chris sits at the bar writing in his notebook...
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.) .
dialog: Once upon a time, I_woke up. I took a
dialog: shower with soap. I skipped breakfast
dialog: so that I could...
scene_heading: EXT. STATE ROAD - DAY
text: As the black town car follows an Wells Loomis truck.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
text: ...follow an ‘armored car...
scene_heading: EXT. THE NOEL TOWN BANK - DAY
text: As Chris and Gary sit in the back of the town car, watching as
text: MRS. LANGE, the teller and Mr. Tuttle unlock the front door...
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: I cased the Noel Town bank...
scene_heading: EXT. RENTAL YARD - DAY
text: As Chris and Gary wheel an acetylene tank out to the car.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: And then I rented an acetylene tank
dialog: for the cutting torch.
scene_heading: EXT. WAL-MART PARKING 4
text: As Chris and Cork walk t he lot, checking out the cars.
text: Cork nods to an old stati jon...
speaker_heading: CHRIS iQ)
dialog: Cork and I went car eee
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - DAY 23
text: As Chris watches as the Bone cuts through a shotgun laid across
text: a stump with a hacksaw...
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: And then I helped the Bone chop a
dialog: shotgun.
text: Chris watches as Bone then picks up the gun, loads a shell into
text: the barrel and blows the st to smithereens. He then looks
text: at Chris and walks off without a word.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL TOWN DINER - NIGHT
text: Chris, Gary and the crew sit in a back booth eating dinner.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I got one for you guys...
text: They all look at him. He takes a breath.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: Skeleton walks into a bar, says I'll
dialog: have a beer and a mop.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 71.
text: The crew es looks with each other, look at Chris then
text: burst out laug! . All except for the Bone who just turns his
text: head so we can't determine whether or not he's smiling.
dialog: The joke man.
speaker_heading: CORK
dialog: That's very funny, Chris. You have a
dialog: good sense of humor.
text: Chris looks around, relaxed for the moment with these guys.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I got another one-- there's this rooster
dialog: named Steve-- no, wait-- that's wrong...
text: Garis stops a minute. The table waits. He looks up at them,
dialog: ost. .
speaker_heading: ; GARY
dialog: All right, let's get serious--
text: Chris tries not to appear embarrassed as Gary launches into his
dialog: rap.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: The money comes Friday. So I just
dialog: wanna make sure we're all clear on
dialog: what's gonna pen.
text: Chris sees them all 1 ng at him. He puts down his fork,
text: takes out his noteboo! s through it as he talks...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I watch out for Cork drills the
dialog: vault. Q
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: I drill the vault. S5
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: I'm Marty.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Oh--
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Cork's the one over there, looks like
dialog: Howdy Doody on steroids. Put it down
dialog: in your little book.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: It's okay, Chris. Start at the
dialog: beginning.
text: Chris makes a note, flips back a page, reads...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I open the door. I let you guys in.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Good. What about the surveillance?
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I turn that off.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: First.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What?
text: Gary exchanges a look with Marty.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You turn the alarm off first, Chris.
dialog: Fhep you you let us in. you keep a
dialog: out for Deput: poRue. Yiave you
dialog: written all that
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Maybe he needs to have angther little
dialog: book to remind him to read this one.
text: Chris gives Marty a look.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: You remember to turn off the video?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: camera with th ‘6 you gave me.
speaker_heading: marTY’ o7
dialog: You have to throw t: it first,
dialog: or it'll trip the a: ve you a
dialog: fucker of a shock, yot he wire.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Right. Porridge is hot.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You know, Goldilocks.
text: He sees they're all looking at him.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Never mind.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Jesus, Gary.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: He's gonna be fine.
text: He pats Chris on the back. Chris takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: We're gonna need another car.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CORK
dialog: We got the wagon.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: There's five of us, plus the money,
dialog: plus the equipment.
speaker_heading: CORK
dialog: I could pick up a truck or something
dialog: the night of.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Chris' car will already be there. We're
dialog: done in Noel, we'll take them both to
dialog: the Coffeeville, sink 'em in the river.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You wanna sink my car in the river?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't think it's quite hit you that
dialog: by Monday this time, you're gonna be
text: on the other side of the world with a
dialog: million bucks in your pocket.
text: Chris thinks about that-- no, it hasn't sunk in at all. Gary
text: considers Chris across the table a moment, then...
speaker_heading: YY
dialog: You do unders , Chris, that once we
dialog: do this thing/ were outta here --
dialog: of us. You and? We're fuck:
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: CHR.
dialog: (beat) 9
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I'm saying you're not & joing back
dialog: to your old life.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I know, I just--
text: Gary leans forward, closer to Chris, his face dark, serious.
text: His coat opens and we see the pinkish STAIN on his shirt from
text: the other night at the club. ‘or some reason, this stops Chris.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You stick around, who do you think the
dialog: FBI's gonna wanna talk to first?
text: Chris looks up as Gary points at Chris' forehead.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You. That's who.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: He could say he slept through the whole .
dialog: fuckin thing.
text: Chris looks at him. Marty smiles.
dialog: 4
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Might even be true.
text: Cork pats Chris on the hand and gives him one of his grins.
speaker_heading: CORK
dialog: Better get your affairs in order, Chief.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: And don't forget your car.
scene_heading: EXT. LUVLEE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: As Chris knocks on the door and Maura opens it, surprised to
text: see him standing there. ”
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hey, Maura.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: Chris--
text: She glances behind her, pulls the door close to her.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Is Luvlee here?
dialog: Uh-- no. Shes. out.
dialog: Oh. Well, wou ell her I came
dialog: by?
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: wnt iQ
dialog: Yeah, sure. I'll ive you a
dialog: call. {2
text: She watches as he starts back dow:
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS' APARTMENT - NIGHT
dialog: e stairs.
text: As Chris comes into the apartment and automatically looks at
text: the table... only, tonight, it's empty. We hear Mahler OS.
scene_heading: INT. LEWIS' ROOM - NIGHT
text: Lewis sits in bed in his immaculate room reading a braille book.
text: Chris moves into the doorway, stands there in his underwear
text: watching as Lewis moves his fingers over a page.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You want something?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You're up late.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Couldn't sleep.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What're you reading?
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Germinal.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Any good?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: It's about the bitter suffering of
dialog: workers in the French mines in the
dialog: 1800's. It's a real potboiler.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Huh.
text: Chris lingers.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Something wrong?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I was just thinking, maybe tomorrow
dialog: night we could go to the Deck for a
dialog: burger or something. :
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yeah, sure, kid. That'd be great.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD FARM ROAD 24 - DAY !
text: The MEMORIAL MARKER Te f.g. Chris gets out of his car,
dialog: ‘a c.
text: jogs over and sets dot h of fresh flowers. He stands
text: there a moment, touch op of it and then jogs back to his
dialog: car.
scene_heading: INT. HALLS DEPARTMENT STO! PAY
text: As Chris walks up to a CLERK
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: jog a Hall's garment bag.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'd like to exchange t! )jplease...
text: HE unzips the bag, pulls out the jacket his mother bought for
dialog: ™m.
scene_heading: INT. DEPARTMENT STORE - LATER
text: As Chris stands in front of a mirror checking himself out in a
text: leather jacket, white shirt and some black slacks. He looks
text: like Gary the Glove. He nods to the Clerk.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah-- these are good.
scene_heading: INT. BANK - NIGHT
text: As Chris comes into the bank, pute his coat over his chair.
text: MRS. LANGE smiles at him from the tellers window where she helps
text: a customer. He smiles back, starts for the closet to get his
text: mop, sees Mr. Tuttle watching him from his desk.
text: Mr. Tuttle looks at him a moment longer, then ducks his head,
text: goes back to his paperwork. Chris stands there, utterly self-
text: Conscious now, wondering, then quickly grabs his mop as we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: INT. BANK - NIGHT
text: Chris g like a madman. He's startled by A KNOCK AT THE
text: FRONT DOD. He looks over, sees Ted smiling, dangling a sack
text: of donuts. Chris looks at him a moment,
text: comes over and
text: opens the door.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Hey, Chris. Donut?
text: Chris takes the donut. Ted sees the Rolex, nods.
dialog: Nice watch.
text: Chris looks at Ted a moment. Wants to say something.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: CHRIS .
dialog: You know, Ted, you don't need to check
text: up on the bank all the time.
text: Ted looks at him. Chris shrugs.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It's not like anything's ever gonna
dialog: happen here, stupid little like
dialog: this one.
text: Ted smiles at him.
dialog: You think I co to check up on
dialog: the bank? °
text: Ted shakes his head, hikes w@ lt.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I come here to check seen, make
dialog: sure you're okay.
text: Chris looks back at Ted now. Takes that in. Then...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You don't have to do that. I'm fine.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: But I like doing it--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Well, I don't. It's insulting.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What's wrong with you, Chris?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm just saying I don't need you to
dialog: look gut for me, Ted. I don't need
dialog: our donuts or your company. ma
dialog: tig boy. Okay?’ many
text: Ted looks like he's been shot.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Why don't you look out for yourself
dialog: your baby instead.
text: Chris turns around and gives Ted his back and resumes mopping -
text: Ted stands there a moment, stranded in the doorway,
speaker_heading: HEAR THE
text: and walks back to his cruiser. As we
text: THE CAR DRIVE AWAY. Chris closes his eyes,
dialog: wet floor. .
scene_heading: EXT. CROWN CENTER - NIGHT
dialog: then turns
speaker_heading: CLOSE and
text: sits down on the
text: As Chris heads for the ice rink. He walks past the hotel, stops
text: to peer into the lobby...
scene_heading: CHRIS' POV - THE LOBBY
text: Where we see KELLY (the blond concierge) standing behind the
text: desk talking with a GUEST. Like Chris, she's several ¥e2"Bi ona
dialog: xo
dialog: older now,
dialog: tt still beautiful in a navy blue blazer;
text: hair up off her shoulders -- now laughing at something the guest
dialog: says.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: Stands there watching her, unable to move f:
dialog: on.
dialog: .
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Looks up, this way now,
speaker_heading: CHRIS Af
dialog: d..
text: Quickly moves on. He 4) gy
text: a bench and watches the skafé
text: on the other side of the rin
text: a moment, then quickly turns
dialog: Cy icomfor!
speaker_heading: mor OAS
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Chris?
dialog: ‘rom the spot he's
text: to the ice rink, sits down on
text: vs. He sees a POLICEMAN standing
dialog: 2 ching him. Chris looks bac!
dialog: table now as..-
text: He turns and sees Kelly standing beside the bench, a knockout
text: in the blazer and matc! slacks, her firs’
text: gold name tag pinned to the jacket.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I thought that was you.
dialog: t name engraved on a
text: She sits down on the bench with him. He can't speak.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: How have you been?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Okay. You?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Okay.
text: They sit there a moment, not sure what to say, then...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: It's great to see you. You look
dialog: I like the jacket.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: good.
dialog: Thanks. It's new. You look good,
dialog: too.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 78.
text: He indicates her uniform.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: So... you work at the hotel?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Two years now. What about you? Are
dialog: you working?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah, I work at a bank.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Really? Your Dad's?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No--
dialog: (then)
dialog: Actually, I'm gonna leave soon. I've
dialog: kinda got this other... thing going.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Oh--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: * Yeah, there's some property I'm thinkin
dialog: of turning into SOHO. perky s
text: She nods, considers him a moment, then...
dialog: I'm glad togee t you've moved on.
dialog: I was worrie le there that
dialog: you never woul
dialog: armif °7
dialog: No, I've definitely on.
text: She nods, keeps looking at him. looks at the cop on the
dialog: far side of the rink, now speaki igtto a radio...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I miss you.
text: He turns to her.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I miss talking to you.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You do?
text: She nods, watches the skaters a moment.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Do you have a girlfriend?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: She's a performer.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Huh.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: How about you?
dialog: No one special.
text: He looks at her, sees the way she's Looking back at him and it
dialog: ogeurs to him and to us that she may actually still care about
dialog: m.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You're not mad at me anymore?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I try to think more about what I've
dialog: got than what I lost, you know?
text: She rests a hand on her left leg. He looks at it. She leans
text: close to him, kisses him...
dialog: Wanna see it?
text: He looks at her.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Wanna see what?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: She stands up and unbupf£o:
dialog: right there so that wé@~
dialog: e ending from white
dialog: an off- artificial 1
text: contrast is jarring to sa‘
dialog: her slacks, and let's them fall
dialog: the rest of the world -- see,
text: along, perfect leg on the right:
text: ed to a stump on t. left. The
dialog: 5 least...
scene_heading: KELLY, OQ.
dialog: Isn't it beautiful? oy
speaker_heading: CHRIS <P
dialog: Kelly--
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Tell you what, Chris: sometimes it's a
dialog: dog eat dog world; and sometimes it's
dialog: the other way around.
text: Chris stands up, backs away from her, right into the COP. He's
dialog: about to scream when we--
scene_heading: CUT TO: CHRIS' ROOM - DAY e
text: As Chris sits up in bed, turns off the alarm.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Jesus.
text: He sits there a moment, looking around the room, thinking, then
dialog: gets up...
scene_heading: EXT. FAIRWAY AREA NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: A nice house in the nice neighborhood. The name on the mailbox
text: says "STEVENS." A MAN -- titty, tired, washes an old Corvette
text: in the driveway.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS' CAR - SAME
text: Chris sitting there, watching from down the street.
dialog: Mr. Stevens. just want you to know...
scene_heading: CUT TO: THE FARM ROAD - NIGHT (FLASHBACK)
text: As the red MUSTANG flies by...
speaker_heading: CUT TO: CHRIS (NOW)
text: As Chris stares off at the house...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: ...that I'm sorry for what happened...
scene_heading: CUT TO: INSIDE THE RED MUSTANG - NIGHT
text: NO SOUND. Chris and Kelly in the front seat. Danny and his
text: girlfriend, NINA, in the back, We see them all YELLING and
text: WHOOPING IT UP, but hear nothing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO: CHRIS (NOW)
text: Watching Danny's father wash the car.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I know that nothing I say will ever
dialog: bring Danny bi to you...
text: As A WOMAN sticks her Ke tt the door, clutching a SMALL CHILD,
text: says something to the gi back in...
speaker_heading: CHR:
dialog: ...or Mrs. Stevens. O.
text: CUT TO: THE MUSTANG
text: NO SOUND as Danny covers Chris' esp Chris pulls his head
text: away, laughing. Kelly turns back says something to Danny
text: in the back, who then leans forward and iS OFF LIGHTS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO: CHRIS (NOW)
text: Closing his eyes...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm sorry--
text: CUT TO: THE MUSTANG
text: As Kelly, scared, about to reach over to turn the lights back
text: on when CHRIS KISSES HER. Danny kisses Nina in the backseat.
speaker_heading: CuT TO: CHRIS (NOW)
text: Both of his hands in tight fists...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm so sorry--
text: CUT TO: THE MUSTANG
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 81.
text: As Kelly pulls away from Chris, reaches for the lights, turns
text: them back on just time for us to see A HUGE THRESHER
text: stopped in the middle of the road in front of them -- A FARMER
text: SI NG ATOP IT, WAVING FRANTICALLY. They all scream a silent
text: scream as Chris stands on the brakes and we then...
speaker_heading: CUT TO: CHRIS (NOW)
text: ‘His eyes clamped shut, tears running down his face.
text: CUT TO: THE FARM ROAD
text: As the brakes lock on the Mustang, the car skidding hard and
text: forever, the rear tires smoking, cat fire, loding as,
text: IN NORMAL SPEED, FULL SOUND, we hear Si NG inside the car
text: as the Mustang hits the combine and we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO: CHRIS (NOW)
text: As he sits up, opens his eyes...
scene_heading: CUT TO: THE CRASH SCENE
text: People running in all directions. Firemen. State Troopers.
text: y lying on a gurney, her screams drowned out as a medivac
text: helicopter lands. A body in the road covered with a sheet.
text: Flashlights play about the field... looking for something...
speaker_heading: VOICE ‘
dialog: , (calling)
dialog: Chris?
speaker_heading: CUT TO: CHRIS
text: Watching as the man looké//t! jay now, squints, se the hose
text: and starts to walk over. is quickly pulls out and drives
text: the hell away. “©.
scene_heading: EXT. LUVLEE & MAURA'S APAR' -
text: As Maura opens the door, reacts ‘is standing there.
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: Shit. It's so not fair she makes me
dialog: do this.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Do what?
speaker_heading: MAURA
text: She's with Gary and the boys.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: At his club?
dialog: His club?
text: She looks at Chris, wants to say more, but finally just shakes
text: her head.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MAURA
dialog: You're sweet, you know that?
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: ' 82.
text: And then she shuts the door in his face. He stands there a
text: moment as we HEAR A PHONE RINGING
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - NIGHT
text: Across the street from his apartment. Chris paces back and
text: forth in front of a bench, Gary's phone to his ear.
dialog: (tired)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Gary. It's me.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Uh-huh. What's up, Chris?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I noticed something.
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You wear the same clothes.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What?
dialog: Ss
dialog: Every day. e it down.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So?
dialog: °
speaker_heading: CHRIS Q.
dialog: So you're not what Ss you are.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What are you mad at, Chris?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm not mad.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What are you then?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm out is what I am. I'm not gonna
dialog: do it. I'm referring to--
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I know what you're referring to, Chris.
dialog: en.
dialog: Have you been talking to somebody?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I didn't talk to anybody. And I can't
dialog: talk to you anymore, either.
text: Silence on the other end.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I said--
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I heard you Chris-- You don't wanna
dialog: do it. kay, fine. No problem.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Okay, then.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Good-bye.
dialog: 83.
text: Chris hangs up the phone. then tosses it into the dented metal
dialog: ni
text: trash can next to
text: throws that in there as well.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Chris and Lewis in a booth. Chris looks at a menu.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Do you want me to read you the whole
dialog: menu, or do you know what you want?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: They still got the Teriyaki Burger?
dialog: One with the pineapple?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Uh... yeah, they do.
dialog: I
dialog: I'll have tk@t.
text: An ATTRACTIVE WAITRESS aj it the table.
speaker_heading: WAL’ >,
dialog: Are you Chris?
speaker_heading: CHRIS oy
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: There's a phone call for you.
text: Lewis turns to him.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'll be right back.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Take your time.
scene_heading: THE PHONE AT THE FRONT COUNTER
text: Dangling. Chris walks over and picks it up.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Hello?
text: The LINE GOES DEAD. He looks around the restaurant.
text: the parking lot. No one. He hangs up the phone.
text: ch. Then he takes off the watch, and
dialog: Out at
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: AT THE TABLE
text: As Chris sits back down. Pensive now. Looking around.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Who was it?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No one.
text: Lewis turns to him as the Waitress walks back over.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: What can I get for you guys?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: For starters, I'll take the name of
dialog: your perfume.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Obsession.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Well, consider me obsessed.
text: Chris cuts an embarrassed look at the waitress.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: He'll have the Teriyaki Burger.
dialog: . Lr
text: Medium wells tery on the side.
speaker_heading: ‘Ss
dialog: I'll have the s + 4 And a coke.
text: Lewis feels around for, then fhe waitress' hand.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: What's your favorite ma.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: I'd have to go with peanut butter.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Then that's what I'll go with.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: You're very trusting.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: What do I always say, Chris? "Trust
dialog: everyone, but..."
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: ",..always cut the cards."
speaker_heading: LEWI
dialog: Damn straight.
text: She smiles at the two of them. Chris looks out at the lot as a
text: CAR TURNS ITS LIGHTS ON, PULLS 01
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: You guys are gonna be trouble, I can
dialog: tell.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
scene_heading: WEGiadTE algnetodett * corte steee
text: This gets Chris looking at Lewis.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: I'll get your drinks.
text: Lewis smiles as she moves off.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: She sounds cute.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Why'd you have to say that?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Say what?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: That thing about us being gimps.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: What, you don't think she noticed?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You, maybe.
dialog: Ss
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What's the matty
dialog: Nothing. Just..
dialog: 
dialog: & not like you.
speaker_heading: LEWIS Q
dialog: "Like me"? LHS
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm not a gimp.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Should I be embarrassed?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm the one's embarrassed.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Why? Because I'm a gimp?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: t
dialog: It's the wa alk to le, it's
dialog: fucking cbnixtous. people:
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: How do I talk to people?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: All those stupid sayings -- dog eat
dialog: a world, always cut the cards... Or
dialog: like that waitress just now. The way
dialog: yeu hit on her, like you stand a fucking
dialog: hance...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (chuckles, hurt)
dialog: Hey, Chris, I been turned down more
text: times than beds at the Holiday Inn.
dialog: It still doesn't keep me from trying.
speaker_heading: CHRIS .
dialog: But has it ever worked? Talking to
dialog: women like that? I mean do you think
text: that waitress walked into the kitchen
dialog: just now and said hey, there's a blind
dialog: my out there dressed like Larry Flynt
dialog: really wanna fuck?
speaker_heading: LEWIS -
dialog: What, you think I offended her?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No, I think she's relieved she doesn't
dialog: have to feel sorry for you.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Jesus, kid-- you come down with both
dialog: feet, don't you?
text: Chris doesn't answer him.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: "You are, when all is said and done--
dialog: just what you fre."
dialog: The fuck is
speaker_heading: LEW.
dialog: Goethe said that. 2s another one:
dialog: "Be what you are. e first step
dialog: towards becoming be’ nm you are.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Thanks, I'll keep that ind. .
text: Lewis leans in close now...
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Look, kid, you_may think that that
dialog: other guy you left behind was...all
dialog: that, but you were a spoiled little
dialog: prick and you know it.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You heard me. You were just another
text: trust fund tragedy waiting to happen.
dialog: Truth is, you can probably take care a
dialog: yourself better now than fore your
dialog: accident.
speaker_heading: CHR:
dialog: Is
dialog: That's the stupidest fucking thing
dialog: I've ever heard.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Come on, think about it. You were on
dialog: such a track, being Chria Pratt, that
dialog: at least now you can make your own
dialog: choices.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: So pee you sayi that I've got
dialog: , Wl re ni
dialog: more reuxities’ now that I've 18st
dialog: eve: ig?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: No, I'm saying you got more freedom
dialog: now that ne one expects anything from
dialog: you.
text: And now they're both hurt.
text: shows UR with their drinks,
dialog: happened.
text: They sit there frozen as the Waitress
text: cheerful, unaware of what's just
text: WAITRESS .
dialog: Here we go, gentlemen. Enjoy.
text: But Lewis and Chris don't say a word. Chris looks at her, then
text: looks away. She smiles.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: You guys are kidding, right?
dialog: s
dialog: Just gimme & ck
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS' CAR - NI
text: As Chris pulls up in fron’ che apartment. Lewis starts to
dialog: get out.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: >
dialog: I'm gonna go out for Se.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yeah, sure, kid.
text: He watches as Lewis unfolds
dialog: Have fun.
text: his cane, starts up the stairs to
text: the apartment. He then drives off. Lewis stands there a moment,
text: then continues up the steps.
scene_heading: INT. THE QUAFF - NIGHT
text: As Chris comes in and sits down at the bar, the bartender is
text: already setting his Sharpes down in front of
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: SB.
dialog: m, smiling...
text: Chris takes a sip and casually glances about the bar. It's
dialog: quiet tonight.
dialog: people here and there, bu
text: COUPLE plays 1 in the back. Few other
dialog: E that's it.
scene_heading: EXT. LUVLEE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: As Luvlee comes out of the apartment building, we then...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
scene_heading: PULL BACK TO REVEAL - CHRIS
text: Sitting in his car watching. He starts to get out, pauses when
text: THE CK TOWN CAR cruises up to the building. Marty leans out
text: the drivers window and kisses Luvlee.
text: Chris, both hurt and confused now, watches as Luvlee gets in
text: the car with Marty and they drive off.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS APARTMENT DAWN
text: As Chris climbs the stairs to the red light.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS & LEWIS' APARTMENT SAME
text: Dark. We hear FOOTSTEPS OUTSIDE the door and then see shadows
text: as Chris stands there and knocks on the door.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Lewis? I can't find my key. Come on,
dialog: Lewis, open the door. I'm sorry about
dialog: what I said last night. I was an
dialog: asshole-- I still am an asshole.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Lewis?
text: Silence inside the apartment. Chris knocks again, Waits. He
text: finally tries the door anyway and it opens, spilling Chris and
dialog: room.
text: the LIGHT from the porch into the
speaker_heading: S
dialog: Lewis?
text: He steps into the blac the living room.
speaker_heading: CHR.
text: ceiling lights come on and Chri. Yy jumps out of his skin.
dialog: weet Q.
text: He walks back to the open fro: £ flips a switch. The
text: The apartment is empty.
text: Totally empty. Everything is gone... furniture, televison
dialog: stereo, magazines: 8, ick-knacks, all of fe removed.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Lewis!
text: He opens Lewis’ door and turns on the light. There’s nothing
dialog: in here either. No bed, no braille books, no desk, no color-
text: coded sweatsuits hanging in the closet. Nothing.
dialog: ( Kine
dialog: panic! Ti
speaker_heading: LEWIS 3
text: He goes into his own room and finds still more nothing... no
text: posters on the walls. All of his notebooks are gone. His
text: clothing-- gone. Same thing goes for the bed and chest of
dialog: drawers.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 89.
text: He peers into the kitchen. It's been strij as well. Chris
text: stands there, his panic growing. He moves to the wall phone
text: and dials, then...
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (PHONE)
dialog: Welcome to VoiceNet Nationwide Paging.
dialog: Please enter a voice or numeric message
text: at the tone.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (after the TONE)
dialog: Lewis, where are you? What have you
dialog: done?’ I'm sorry. Call me.
text: He hangs up the phone. Waits. He picks up the phone, is about
dialog: to dial again...
text: When we hear it: BEEP BEEP BEEP... coming from
text: . He drops the phone, looks towa: e
text: ‘ving room as we next hear...
scene_heading: SOOTHING FEMALE VOICE
dialog: Voice Net. Message one.
text: And then CHRIS' OWN VOICE echoing in the empty room...
speaker_heading: CHRIS' VOICE
dialog: Lewis, where are you?!
text: Chris stiffens, looks up...
speaker_heading: IS!S VOICE
dialog: What have I'm sorry. Call
dialog: me.
text: ...where we see LEWIS' P, duct-taped to the middle of the
dialog: ceiling. Q
speaker_heading: CHRIS oy
dialog: Oh, God... >
text: He nearly jumps out of his skin a then hear A PHONE RING.
text: Chris looks to the window sill, sees the CELLPHONE that Ga:
dialog: gave him, the one he'd thrown into the trash in the park. t
text: INGS AGAIN and Chris slowly moves to it, picks it up...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: GARY (PHONE)
dialog: You gonna be all right?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Where's Lewis?
speaker_heading: GARY (PHONE)
dialog: Take some deep breaths, Chris. You do
dialog: what I tell you, everything's gonna be
dialog: okay...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: WHERE THE FUCK IS LEWIS?!
speaker_heading: GARY (PHONE)
dialog: C'mon, I need you to listen to me.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm calling the fucking police--
speaker_heading: GARY (PHONE)
dialog: Do that, Chris, and cuts the
text: little guy up with an old saw.
text: Chris doesn't move.
speaker_heading: GARY (PHONE)
dialog: You still there?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GARY (PHONE)
dialog: Okay. Pay attention here, Chris.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I now have your entire life. You
dialog: understand? I have everything. Now
dialog: I'm gonna hang on to this everything
dialog: pili you and I conclude our business.
dialog: ay
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What did you do to Lewis?
speaker_heading: GARY (PHONE)
dialog: I_told you, I have everything. That's
dialog: all ou need to know. rything
dialog: t
dialog: then)
dialog: Now I want hang up the phone
dialog: come downstx 8 get n the’ biack
dialog: car. Okay? tS\Right now.
dialog: (then
dialog: I don’t see you dng.
text: Chris shivers. He slowly tu: looks out the window... at
text: the BLACK TOWN CAR parked acr street, smoke coming from
text: the tailpipe. Chris takes a st from the window.
speaker_heading: GARY (PHONE)
dialog: C'mon, act smart, do as I gay and I'll
dialog: give you your life back. Act stupid
dialog: and I'll burn all of it. And, Chris,
dialog: I mean ALL of it. You understand?
text: The line disconnects. Chris hangs up, stands there, unable to
text: move. He looks once more about the emptied apartment, GASPING
text: as he sees A BLOODY HANDPRINT on the wall near the door.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No, no...
text: Chris backs away, stares at the handprint. He jumps as THE PAGER
text: STARTS BEEPING N. He looks out the window at the Town car,
text: the back door now open, Marty and Cork crossing to Chris’
text: building as we now hear CHRIS' VOICE AGAIN
speaker_heading: CHRIS (PAGER)
dialog: Lewis! Where are you? What have you
dialog: done? I'm sorry...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 91.
text: Chris finally covers his ears, curls up on the floor as we
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: FADE IN: EXT. {HE NOEL TOWN BANK - NIGHT
text: An ARMORED CAR parked out front. PULL BACK TO REVEAL that we're
dialog: watching from..
scene_heading: INSIDE AN OLD STATION WAGON
text: Cork at the wheel. Chris in the back seat with Gary. It's 5°
dialog: cold, we see everyone's preath in here.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You have your notebook? Phone?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: There was blood on the wall.
text: Gary turns to Chris.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Inside my apartment.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He's a fighter, your friend, Lewis.
dialog: Is he dead?
dialog: That's up to .
text: Chris looks at him, notices’ t! ry wears the gold Rolex. -
text: Gary nods to the bank. LSS
dialog: You got work to to 40. <P
text: All the smile gone from his voice.
scene_heading: EXT. NOEL TOWN BANK - NIGHT
text: As Chris walks up to the entrance, eyes the armored truck, then
text: starts to go inside...
dialog: Can you hold vORSe for me, partner...
text: Chris pauses, pholds the goor open as A GUARD exits the ‘truck
speaker_heading: with S iS OF CASH
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Thank you.
text: Chris stares at the bags, then looks down the street at the
text: Town Car, takes a deep breath and steps inside...
scene_heading: INT. BANK - SAME
text: As Chris nervous) enters the bank, puts his letter jacket over
text: Me chair. S, the old telier, and Mr. Tuttle pull on
dialog: their coats, MRE ot esay to go home.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: MR. TUTTLE
dialog: Don't think I don't notice.
text: Chris looks up at Mr. Tuttle now standing in front of him.
speaker_heading: MR. TUTTLE
dialog: I've been watching you. The new
dialog: clothes, the way ‘ye been acting.
dialog: I'm not a fool, is.
text: He hands a now apprehensive Chris a CARD.
speaker_heading: MR. TUTTLE
dialog: I found this in my drawer.
speaker_heading: INSERT - CARD
dialog: From the opening scene: I must not use stairs or elevators. It
dialog: is not safe for me.
scene_heading: MR. TUTTLE. .
dialog: I'd say you've come a long way since
dialog: then. L
text: He looks up at the bank manager who smiles, claps him on the
dialog: shoulder.
scene_heading: MR. TUTTLE.
dialog: After the holiday, we'll see about
dialog: getting you some regular time behind
dialog: he window.
text: Chris looks at him. : le nods at the older teller.
dialog: After all, Mrs. ge isn't gonna be
dialog: around forever.
text: He smiles at him and moves aw eS
speaker_heading: MR. TUTTLE <P
dialog: Good night, Chris.
text: Chris stares stupidly at the card.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Good-night.
speaker_heading: MRS. LANGE (0.S.)
dialog: That's the third time that fella's
dialog: been by here... e
text: Chris looks up from the card to the window as we see the station
text: wagon drive by .
scene_heading: MRS. LANGE
dialog: Must be lost.
text: Chris watches the car disappear around the corner as we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BANK - BACK DOOR - NIGHT
text: Chris stands in the doorway watching as Gary, in long sleeves,
text: white gloves on his hands, a stocking to cover his hair,
text: the back of the station wagon. Marty pulls up in Chris' car.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 93.
text: Chris watches then as the three of them (all dressed like
dialog: Gary
text: now) unload an assortment of metal-cutting e t including
text: an ACETELYNE TORCH (WITH A TANK), A WELDER'S 1D and so on.
text: Gary walks to the door. Chris flinches as Gary puts a hand on
text: his shoulder. .
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Go on. Get your mop.
scene_heading: INT. NOEL TOWN BANK - NIGHT
text: As Chris mops the floor he watches Marty walk to a phone board
text: at the back of the bank, open it wy lug in a headphone to the
text: jack and attach an electronic devine Bo the board.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: As Marty makes some measurements on the sidewall of the vault
text: with a tape measure, then carefully tapes a template in place.
text: Next, he takes a can of spray pain! an sprays the template.
text: He then removes it, picks y e drill and starts to drill in
dialog: the indicated spots as we then...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - NIGHT
text: Where Cork sits in the wagon, watching the stieet. It's quiet.
text: All we hear are the swaying CHRISTMAS DECORATIONS.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BANK - NIGHT
text: As Chris looks over, sees tt Marty has cut three sides of a
text: square through the steel door bby and Gary squat down on
dialog: the floor Sehind him, wavching(op) y . ry Bau
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO: oy »)
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - NIGHT
text: As Cork sees HEADLIGHTS in the distance, coming this way. He
text: takes out a walkie...
speaker_heading: CORK
dialog: Here comes Deputy Donut.
scene_heading: INT. BANK - SAME
text: As Gary taps Marty on the back and Marty shuts off the torch.
text: He and Bobby start to drag the equipment behind the counter,
text: out of sight. Gary stands up, walks over to Chris...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Think about Lewis.
text: Gary nods outside and now Chris sees TED TILLMAN'S CRUISER coming
text: up the street.
speaker_heading: GARY
text: Bone's over there, behind the desk.
text: Chris looks, sees Bobby crouched behind Mr. Tuttle's desk, his
text: gun now pointing this way.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 94.
dialog: 8 sane he' ‘k
dialog: ay something wrong, s gonna
dialog: one in the back of your head. okay?
text: Chris nods. Gary calmly walks back over, sits down next to
text: Marty behind the counter.
speaker_heading: MARTY
text: Five, six more minutes tops.
scene_heading: EXT. NOEL TOWN BANK - SAME
text: As Ted Tillman pulls up in front of the bank and gets out. He
text: re-hikes his belt, starts for the door, catches toe of one
text: shoe on an uneven piece of sidewalk and pitches forward.
text: Chris comes to the door and unlocks the door as Ted glances
text: back to look stupidly at the cement he just tripped over.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hi, Ted.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (preoccupied)
dialog: h, hey, Chris.
text: Ted rubs his hands, blows on them.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Cold tonight, isn't it?
dialog: 
dialog: It's just
dialog: Your nerves?
dialog: °
dialog: 2 all
dialog: It could happen any’ C5
speaker_heading: CHRIS <P
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What could happen?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: The Little Engine.
text: Ted looks at him.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: The baby.
dialog: Oh ah. the bal
dialog: eah-- the baby...
dialog: ' Yehen)
dialog: So no donuts tonight, huh.
dialog: (beat) .
dialog: You said you didn't want any.
text: Chris nods. They stand there an awkward moment. Behind the
text: counter Gary exchanges a look with Marty. Bobby watches Chris
dialog: through his’ gunsight ¥ ¥
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 9s.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Starting tomorrow, Phil Costello's
dialog: gonna take my shift for a while.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Oh--
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: He probably won't stop and chat the
dialog: way I do.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Ted, listen I...
text: Ted looks at him. Chris feels the others in the bank behind
text: him listening and hesitates.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Well, I better get going--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah, okay-- Good-night, Ted.
text: Chris watches as Ted stumbles again on the walk, looks back at
text: the cement, then walks around and gets into his cruiser. We
text: see Gary's reflection now in the glass as he stands up as Ted
text: pulls off into the night.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Marty.
text: In motion.
text: Chris turns away from thed/w: , watches as Marty pulls the
text: welding hood back down ov is eyes, and returns to cutting
dialog: through the safe. O
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - NIGHT
text: Cork sitting in the car, wat chine up street, squeezing his
dialog: grip exerciser.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE NOEL TOWN BANK - NIGHT
text: As Marty finishes cutting through the vault, raises the welding
text: mask and grins...
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Okee-dokee artichokey...
text: Chris comes over, and watches as Marty sits back on his ase,
text: kicks the two-foot metal square into the vault.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Move.
text: Gary then crouches down, aims his flashlight into the vault.
text: Bone and Marty crowd in on either side of him...
scene_heading: FLASHLIGHT POV - STACKS OF BRICKED-CASH - A LOT
text: Gary pulls his head out, looks at the others. The three of
text: them can barely contain themselves. Gary nods to Marty...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Go get it.
text: Marty starts to crawl through the hole. He gets hung up at the
text: shoulders. He tries another angle.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Son-of-a-bitch...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What's wrong?
text: He looks up at Gary.
dialog: I can't fit.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: The fuckin hole. It's too small.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What --
text: Chris watches as Gary shoves Marty aside, tries to crawl through,
text: but he's bigger than Marty.
speaker_heading: YY
dialog: How could thi ippen?
dialog: Well-- Ze
speaker_heading: : GAR’ :
dialog: How many times I te uu: measure
dialog: twice, cut once.
speaker_heading: MARTY S
dialog: I know, I did that, bu
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Then how could you spend two fucking
dialog: hours cutting a hole you can't fit
dialog: through? I don't fuckin believe this...
text: Gary stares at Marty a moment, looks at Bone.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Bone?
speaker_heading: BONE
dialog: You know I can't.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Come on...
speaker_heading: BONE
dialog: No way.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: It's not like it's a trunk or a closet
dialog: or something...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: BONE
text: A tight space is a tight space.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You'd think for five million, you'd
dialog: get over it.
text: Chris looks anxiously at the street...
speaker_heading: BONE
dialog: Fuck the money. I ain't goin' in there.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Bone--
speaker_heading: BONE
dialog: I'll die.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BONE
dialog: (raises his )
dialog: You can't fuckin make me go in there!
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Bone, put the gun down!
speaker_heading: BONE
dialog: I'm not going in there!
speaker_heading: YY
dialog: Okay! Vg
speaker_heading: BO!
dialog: Send the fuckin whe in there!
text: The Bone grabs Chris, shoves the floor in front of Gary.
speaker_heading: BONE
dialog: I bet he'll fit!
text: Gary looks down at a now terrified Chris...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Why don't you give it a try, Chris.
text: Chris looks at the Bone, the guy shaking, drenched in sweat.
text: He steps forward, puts his gun to Chris's face.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah, Okay.
text: He gets up, squeezes through the hole into the vault.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Go genneyed. Fe Marey?
text: Gary cuts a look at Bone, then peers into the vault...
scene_heading: INT. VAULT - SAME
text: As Chris gets to his feet, stares at all of the money. Gary
text: hangs a small light near the opening.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 98.
text: Chris reaches for the first brick of cash, pauses as he sees
text: himself reflected in the mirror at the back. He stares at this
text: alien young man staring back at him, holding an armful of cash.
speaker_heading: GARY (0.S.)
dialog: Need more light?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No problem.
text: He quickly passes the money through the opening.
scene_heading: EXT. BANK - SAME
text: As Gary steps out into the parking lot, stands beside CHRIS'
text: CAR as he makes a call.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: It's me. Yeah, we got it. The full
dialog: five it looks like. I want you to
dialog: wait ap hour, then do the blind guy.
dialog: en
dialog: Three to the head the way Bone showed
dialog: you. Then put him in the incinerator,
dialog: wait for me to come get you.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I love you, too.
text: We hear LOUD ROCK & ROLL OVER...
scene_heading: EXT. "KC BOLT & SCREW" WEST BOTTOMS MORNING
text: Gary's "safehouse." ING THE MUSIC OVER...
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING SAME 2
scene_heading: PERO FAD Das iP HGS" aD Ratt acd SE Ny an
text: a far corner. MUSIC COMES FR( RE DOWN THE HALL...
scene_heading: CUT TO: ANOTHER ROOM
text: Once a workroom, now set up as a kitchenette. A hot plate,
text: milk cartons, cereal boxes, soup cans, etc. are all over the
text: lace. THE MUSIC IS A LITTLE UDER IN THIS ROOM, BUT COMES
scene_heading: ‘ROM SOMEWHERE ELSE.
text: LUVLEE, spiky hair, an extra large Pep-Boys t-shirt and pink
text: panties -- puts a CELLPHONE down on the counter, then moves
text: about the room bopping to the music while fixing a tray of food
dialog: (bologna sandwich, cookies, milk).
text: As she gets on her toes and reaches for something on a high
text: shelf, her t-shirt hikes up and we see_a SMALL PISTOL tucked _
text: into the back of her panties, the muzzle evidently nestled nice
text: and warm between her cheeks. On her feet, she wears a pair of
dialog: work boots; protection against all the bolts & screws.
text: Yessiree. Our kind of giz. She picks BP. the tray and starts
text: out of the room. We follow her through the maze of debris-strewn
text: hallways. Twice she has to stop, retrace her steps...
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Oh, fuck me...
text: She passes a room set up as a kind of bedroom. Down this hall,
text: then that one. Into another room where bright sunlight streams
text: in through the windows.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 99.
text: Luvlee bops over to the counter, takes A KEY RING FROM OUT OF A
text: COFFEE , drops it on the tray and starts back out...
text: She walks down the hall to the next room, starts to unlock the
dialog: door as we then...
text: CUT TO: INSIDE THE ROOM
text: The MUSIC IS DEAFENING IN HERE. Mattresses cover the windows.
text: A bare bulb illuminates Lew: ni s hands
dialog: covering his ears. As in the rest of the place a. { around him,
text: the floor is littered with bolts and screws.
text: A "clearing" has_been swept away for him to sit in the center
text: of the floor while a "path" in the shrapnel leads to a toilet.
text: Behind him we see the door slowly swing open on its own. A
text: moment later, we see LUVLEE'S BARE LEG teasingly extend into
text: the Soorway - The rest of her, as in some bad strip routine,
text: slowly following.
text: Lewis, for his part, remains totally unaware; his senses too
text: preoccupied with the musical assault coming from the stereo
text: speakers mounted high up on the walls, out of his reach.
text: Now Luvlee's dancing with the tray, moving closer to Lewis.
text: She sets it down right in front of his face.
text: He smells the food, reaches out and touches the tray. Alert
dialog: now, he straightens up..,
dialog: I
dialog: (shouts ve e music)
dialog: Hello?!
text: Luvlee stands nearby, wat: as he reaches out and touches
text: the food on the tray. She ff her shirt, throws it to
text: the floor nearby. le feels t ze it makes as it settles.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (shouts) AP
dialog: Someone there?!
text: Topless now, she dances around him, moving her body close to
text: his face. He turns his head this way and that as he gets a
text: whiff of her, senses her moving past him...
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Luvlee?! That you?!
text: She pulls a PURPLE SCARF from one_of her boots now and begins
text: twirling it about, and then finally blindfolds Lewis with it.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Ha. Ha.
text: She kisses him on the top of the head, picks up her shirt, dances
text: her way back out of the room. The MUSIC STOPS. She reappears
text: a moment later, pulling her shirt back on.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (rubs his ears)
dialog: Thank Christ.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: He unties
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Time for lunch, Daddio.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: There a reason gotta play that
dialog: garbage so loud? You're givin me a
dialog: ‘uckin migraine. .
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: First, Steve Earl ain't garbage. He's
dialog: God. I used to do all my routines to
dialog: his stuff. Second, Marty says you
dialog: hear too good, so we can't be too
dialog: careful.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: And why can't I wear shoes, it's so
dialog: damn cold in here, I think a few a my
text: toes are frostbit.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE .
dialog: We don't want you walking around.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You gotta be kidding.
text: the scarf. She laughs.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE.
text: Blindfolding the blind man.
dialog: I
dialog: Yeah, I got<t.
dialog: ul
dialog: My act, I do t Q a customer, I get
text: on his 2ap. he sees hrough the
dialog: scarf, I look all p o him. They
dialog: say it's a real tu $
dialog: ou wh
dialog: I told Chris were a ipper, he
dialog: got all offended.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: That's sweet. How did you know?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Not every day you hear of a person
dialog: with the given name, Luvlee Lemons.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: My real one's Gina Klem.
text: Lewis turns to her.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: I know, it sucks.
speaker_heading: LEWIS .
dialog: You told me your real name. You
dialog: shouldn't've’ done that.
text: She thinks about what he means by that.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Oh. Yeah. I guess not.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Unless it doesn't matter.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: You better eat.
scene_heading: EXT. THE NOEL TOWN HARDWARE STORE - SAME
text: ‘As Deputy Ted Tillman checks the front door, shines his light
text: into he dark store. Starts back to his cruiser, looks down
text: the street and sighs... :
scene_heading: INT. BANK - SAME
text: As Chris works as fast as he can to pase, the cash-bricks to
text: Gary and Marty who stuff them into Di BAGS.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Just a few more...
scene_heading: INT. DINER - NIGHT
text: A thoughtful Ted stands at the register as the WAITRESS rings
text: him up. He looks past CAMERA, down the counter.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: You're not yourself tonight, Ted.
dialog: (smiles
dialog: Everything okay?
text: He looks at her, looks down the counter...
dialog: Hey, Grace?
text: And now we PULL BACK down counter to REVEAL A GLASS CASE
text: full of DONUTS. °
dialog: TED .
dialog: Gimme two of those, TP
speaker_heading: ‘GHT
scene_heading: INT. CRUISER - OUTSIDE THE DINER -
text: as Ted gets in, tosses the bag on the seat next to him and starts
dialog: je car.
scene_heading: INT. THE NOEL TOWN BANK - THE VAULT - SAME
text: As Chris, sweating now, grabs the last of the cash-bricks, hands
text: it through. Gary speaks into a WALKIE...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Cork, bring the car around back.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: That's it.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Okay, come on out of there.
text: Chris peers through the opening. He sees Gary, his back to the
text: vault as he talks to Marty. A PISTOL sticks out of his
text: waistband.
speaker_heading: . GARY
text: Help Bone get the stuff into the car.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 102.
text: Gary turns and sees Chris looking at him through the hole in
dialog: the vault.
speaker_heading: CHRIS 4
dialog: I just. remembered something.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You said no guns.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Get out of the vault, Chris.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - SAME
text: As Cork makes a U-turn and drives around to the back of the
text: bank. A moment! later, TED TILLMAN'S cruiser appears at the end
dialog: of the street.
scene_heading: INT. TED TILLMAN'S CRUISER - SAME
text: As Ted Tillman pulls up in front of the bank, takes the bag of
text: donuts off the seat.
scene_heading: INT. THE BANK - SAME
text: Gary moves towards the vault now, his back to the window so
text: that it's only Chris who sees Ted get out of the cruiser...
speaker_heading: GARY
text: It's almost over.
text: Chris looks at Gary, no ure what to do now that Ted is walking
text: towards the entrance..
scene_heading: EXT. BANK - SAME a>
text: As Ted sees Gary inside t ar and slows...
scene_heading: INT. BANK - SAME Q
text: As a confused Ted stands outsid e 3joor. And now Marty walks
dialog: into the bank...
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Okay, it's all in the--
text: ...and sees Ted.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Fuck--
text: And now Gary turns around and sees Ted as Marty now reaches for
dialog: his gun as...
dialog: NO! DON'T!
text: Ted drops the bag, quickly draws his own and surprises
dialog: everybody, includ ng us by. firing two faat shots through the
text: window, tting Marty once in the chest, knocking him back
text: against the wall as...
text: Chris now covers his ears inside the vault.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF THE BANK
text: As Cork hears the GUNSHOTS, gets out of the station wagon,
text: leaving the door open.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: INT. BANK - SAME
text: As Gary draws his gun and fires at...
text: Ted, the little guy holding his ground, firing right back at...
text: Gary who takes a round in the arm, then another in the side,
text: spinning Gary, who now drops his gan as Ted keeps firing, moving
text: forward, Gary now diving behind the counter as...
text: Chris covers up inside the vault as bullets fly everywhere. We
text: hear CORK Si , then choking, STILL MORE SHOTS...
text: Chris looks vp.38 Marty drops to his knees right in front of
text: the hole in the vault, Chris shouting as Marty's head snaps
text: back against the vault, blocking the opening.
text: For a moment, all is quiet. Then...
text: Ted steps further into the bank. We see Marty dead against the
text: wall; Cork, draped over the teller's window. Ted moves behind
text: the counter, puts his gun on Gary who. clutches his bloody hand
text: to his chest.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Move away from the wall! Put your
dialog: hands on your head!
dialog: (then’
dialog: Don't think! Just do it!
text: Gary obliges, blood now Mripping down his arm to his face. Ted
text: looks over as Marty's yeils over and Chris starts to squeeze
text: out of the vault.
dialog: Ze
dialog: =
dialog: °
text: Ted quickly puts his gun on ni).
dialog: Don't you fucking move
dialog: Ted--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It's me--
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Shut up! Put your hands on your head!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Ted!
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: PUT YOUR HANDS ON YOUR HEAD!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: There's another--
text: We hear a LOUD BOOM as Ted is blown off his feet, In the next
text: moment Bobby Bone is stepping into the bank racking a shotgun.
text: Gary lifts his shirt looks dumb at the hole in his side,
text: reaches round to feel the exit hole in his back...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Fucker shot me through and through.
text: He then gets up and looks at the deputy.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Who'd've thought?
text: We hear a MOAN as Ted lifts his head, starts crawling...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Help me--
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Help him, Bone.
text: Bone calmly walks over to Ted who looks up at him, pl .
text: Gary tears a piece off Marty's shirt, wraps his arm with it and
text: looks around the bank. We HEAR THE GUNSHOT as Gary then crouches
text: down, peers into the vault.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Hey--
text: He looks back at Bone.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Where's Chris?
scene_heading: EXT. BEHIND THE BANK - SAME
text: Chris' car parked in a sno vacant lot. Chris moves to open
text: the door. t's locked. KEYS ARE IN THE IGNITION.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: SHIT!
text: He starts to sit down comes out the back door, followed
dialog: a moment later by the
text: Chris sees the station wa: drivers door n, engine runnin
dialog: and makes a break for it. @ open, eng a
text: Chris gets in, slams the door ks it est as Gary gets to
text: the car. He pounds on the glas xing blood all over the
text: window as Chris pulls away...
text: The Bone racks the shotgun... Chris backs up... nearly runs the
text: Bone over, forcing him to fire an errant round into the night
text: air instead of the car as Chris drives off. They both stare
dialog: after the car...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Bone--
text: Bone smashes the drivers window of Chris' car with the shotgun.
scene_heading: INT. STATION WAGON - NIGHT
text: As Chris tears down main street. We see Chris' Honda come
text: skidding around from behind the bank and move up on him. Chris
text: sees them in the mirror.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Oh, God...
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROADS AROUND NOEL - NIGHT
text: A few small houses. Chris keeps turning at every street he
text: comes to, HONKING HIS HORN the whole way. His Honda not far
text: behind. Chris turns onto a farm road and punches it.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: INT. STATION WAGON - SAME
text: As Chris watches the Honda in his mirror. He looks out at the
text: farmland on either side of him... then TURNS OUT THE LIGHTS..-
scene_heading: INT. HONDA - SAME
text: The Bone at the wheel. As the lights go out in the station
text: wagon and we lose sight of Chris.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Do not lose him.
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELD - SAME
text: As Chris drives blindly through the field, we...
scene_heading: CUT TO: OLD FARM ROAD 24 - HIGH ANGLE (FLASHBACK)
text: Silent. The chaotic accident scene. A_ bod) covered with a
text: sheet. Kelly screaming on a gurney. Flashlight beams play
text: about the field in search of is. A MEDIVAC lands as we..-
scene_heading: CUT TO: THE HONDA - SAME
text: As Gary and Bobby look around, look back...
speaker_heading: GARY j
dialog: Stop the car!
scene_heading: EXT. FARM ROAD - SAME
text: As the Honda skids to
text: doors fly open and Gary and
dialog: the Bone get out.
dialog: The
speaker_heading: GAR’
dialog: Shut it off. Q.
text: Gary takes a hit off his inha he Bone gets in, reaches
dialog: for the key and we...
scene_heading: EXT. THE CORNFIELD - SAME
text: As Chris bounces over a berm, jumps on his brakes and skids to
text: a stop. Sits there, hyperventilating...
scene_heading: EXT. FARM ROAD - SAME
text: As Bone and Gary stand in the middle of the road, listening.
text: Bone climbs onto the hood, looks out across the dark field.
scene_heading: INT. STATION WAGON - SAME
text: Chris sits there, breathing hard when, suddenly, we hear A
text: CELLPHONE RING. Chris jumps, reaches into his coat pocket,
text: puts the phone to his ear, but doesn't say anything...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Chris?
scene_heading: EXT. THE FARM ROAD - SAME
text: Gary leans against the car, his arm held tight to his chest,
text: blood all over him. He takes out his inhaler...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I can hear you breathing, sunshine.
dialog: ‘Michael Peretzian
dialog: ' 106.
scene_heading: INT. STATION WAGON - SAME
text: Chris doesn't move.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You talked to Ted, didn't you? Two of
dialog: you had it all worked out...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What're you talking about? Had what
dialog: all worked out?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I guess you're smarter than even I
dialog: thought you were.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM ROAD - GARY & BONE - SAME
text: Gary takes a hit from the inhaler.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You think about what ju wanna do now,
dialog: Chris. You wanna kill Lewis?
scene_heading: INT. STATION WAGON - SAME
text: As Chris just stares out at the black field....
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You_wanna kill your friend? You wanna
dialog: kill another end?
scene_heading: EXT. FARM ROAD - GARY B - SAME
text: We see automobile lights ey far off in the town in Noel.
speaker_heading: BONEY °©&
dialog: Gary.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You just keep on goin' eyever it is
dialog: you're goin'. Or anothelway, you
dialog: wanna maybe save the both of you, you
dialog: take a minute, get yourself together,
dialog: call me back, tell me where and when
dialog: you wanna make a trade.
scene_heading: INT. STATION WAGON - SAME
text: As Chris reacts to that last part...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: A trade? For what? For me?
text: But there's no answer. Gary's already hung up. Chris sits
text: there a moment, trying to think. He gets out of the car...
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELD - SAME
text: As Chris walks around to the back and stares at it a moment,
text: then opens it up.
text: INSIDE THE BACK
text: Four black duffel bags. Chris unzips one so that we see THE
text: MONEY. All of it.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: Stares at the mon feels his legs fold beneath him as he
text: arope to his knees’ fails over in’the dirt’ as we...
scene_heading: INT. KC BOLT & SCREW - "LEWIS' ROOM" - NIGHT
text: Lewis sits shivering on the floor eating soup while Luvlee takes
text: her GUN out and points it at him as he eats.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: So were you born blind or what?
text: He doesn't answer. She closes one eye, aims the gun at him.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: What happened? B.B. gun or sharp stick
dialog: or something?
text: He turns to her.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Oh-- touchy subject. Sorry.
text: She giggles. He puts the soup bowl down.
speaker_heading: LEWIS.
dialog: Hey, Luvlee?_ How ‘bout you cut the
dialog: cute act, tell me how much longer I
dialog: gotta sit on the floor listening to
dialog: your bullshit
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Not much lon:
dialog: And now she raises the pi
text: at her. Sensing something.
dialog: One Then--
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: It wasn't an Elam S95
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: What're you talking about?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: It was a brain tumor, which in some
dialog: ways was worse, because it didn't happen
text: all at once. It happened gradually.
text: to his face. He slowly looks up
text: She looks at him down the barrel of the gun.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: How old were you?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: I was four when it started.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: So you remember when you could see?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Some.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (then) :
dialog: I can remember how every night at
dialog: bedtime my mother would get just a
text: little more out of focus. She'd bend
dialog: down to kiss me good-night and I'd see
dialog: a little less of her than I did the
text: night before. Until, finally, one
dialog: night, I couldn't see her at all.
text: He sits there quietly a moment, Luvlee wipes her eyes, but keeps
text: the gun on him.
speaker_heading: LEWIS ,
dialog: The first few days I couldn't breathe.
dialog: I felt like I was drowning. She'd
dialog: come in kiss me goodnight, I could
dialog: feel her tears on my cheek. She--
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: SHUT UP!
text: He turns his face to her, the gun pointing right at him, but
text: now, Luvlee's HAND IS SHAKING... * 3 ms ‘
scene_heading: EXT. DEAD CORN FIELD - STATION WAGON - NIGHT
text: As Chris sits in the car in the middle of the field, shaking
text: from the cold, trying to figure out just what the hell to do
text: now. He takes out his notebook, flips through the pages...
scene_heading: INSERT - NOTEOOK
dialog: As Chris puts his fing oe CORK" and now we...
scene_heading: CUT TO: THE BANK
dialog: 2
text: Cork draped over the teller's &}
dialog: her. .
scene_heading: CUT BACK TO: THE NOTEBOOK oO)
text: As Chris draws a line through Cor! name, next puts his finger
text: on "MARTY CROWE" and now we see...
speaker_heading: THE BANK
text: Chris' view from inside the vault: as Marty's shot in the head,
text: falls against the opening...
text: CUT BACK TO: THE NOTEBOOK
text: As Chris now draws a line through Marty's name, then points to
dialog: the remaining two names... " THE Glove* and we see...
scene_heading: THE PARKING LOT
text: As Gary runs after Chris. And then we...
text: CUT BACK TO: THE NOTEBOOK
text: As Chris circles Gary's name, puts a question mark beside it.
text: And below that: "BOBBY BONE." He circles that one, too.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: Stares at the two remaining names. He turns the page, looks at
text: what he's written there a moment. And then he looks up...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: INT. THE TOWN CAR - DAWN
text: As Gary wraps his belt around him, secur: now-blood-soaked
text: ieces of cloth to his side, then covers it all up with his own
text: jlood-stained shirt. The phone rings. Gary grabs it.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Chris?
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - SAME
text: Chris stands at the back of the station wagon, staring at the
text: duffel bags.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What if I just kept the money?
scene_heading: INTERCUTTING CHRIS & GARY:
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What if I just kept it, took off.
dialog: What would you say to that?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I'd say there'd be consequences.
dialog: Is
dialog: You were go. i411 me anyway.
dialog: I'm not talk: you.
speaker_heading: CHR.
dialog: How do I know Lewis t already dead?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You'll have to take ZS for it.
text: Chris stares at a SHOVEL, A TARP a BAG OF LYE in the back
text: of the car along with the money.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I wanna talk to him.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: There's no time.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Then I'm gone. And so0's your money.
text: Gary takes a breath, tries to sit up...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Chris, listen to me. The bank's a
dialog: fuckin mess. We're not gonna have
dialog: that weekend head-start now. We all
dialog: gotta disappear -- including you -- I
dialog: can help you with that...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I get caught, I'll take my chances.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Except it's not your life you take a
dialog: chance with. Chris, you say anyt!
dialog: to anyone, I take a match to Lewis.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You're not gonna kill him.
dialog: No, why not?
text: Chris looks at his notebook, then...
speaker_heading: CHRIS —
dialog: Because I have the power.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I have the money which means I have
dialog: the power.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Or did I get it wrong?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You got it right, but you're not--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I have the power.
speaker_heading: LY,
dialog: Chris, listé® t --
speaker_heading: IS
dialog: No, you listen ie. I want Lewis to
dialog: cail me right now of urn up all the
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: GARY KS
dialog: How 'bout no fucking way,
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: How ‘bout I hold the phone up to your
dialog: cash, you can kiss it goodbye...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: How 'bout I send you both Lewis' hands
dialog: in a fuckin box?! .
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I have the money. I have the power.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: This is fuckin bullshit, Chris. Now
dialog: yeu, quit trying to kill yourself and
dialog: isten to me right now--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: ave fh wer. .
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What you have, is the power to kill
dialog: your friend.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm waiting for his call.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 111.
dialog: No, Chris--
text: Ghris hangs up. Gary brings his palm down loud and hard on the
dialog: sh--
dialog: God DAMMIT!
speaker_heading: BONE
dialog: He wants to talk to the blind guy?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: He cannot be that fucking stupid, he
dialog: thinks I'd ever do what tells me--
speaker_heading: BONE
dialog: --because I'm wondering what if
dialog: Luvlee's already done im?
text: And that gets Gary looking at the Bone.
scene_heading: INT. WEST BOTTOMS - NIGHT
text: A now-confused Luvlee paces about Gary's office with the gun in
text: her hand when her PHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: LUVLEB 1
dialog: Gary, listen, don't be mad at me.
scene_heading: INT. TOWN CAR - SAME
text: An anxious Gary on th o.
dialog: He's dead? °
scene_heading: INTERCUTTING GARY & LUVLEE OQ.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE £58
dialog: I'm sorry--
speaker_heading: . GARY
dialog: --shit.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: --if uu knew what he's been through,
dialog: there's no way you'd wanna kill him--
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Wait a minute, he's alive?
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: That's what I'm saying. I couldn't--
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Thank God.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I want you to call Chris, put Lewis on
dialog: the phone. Then sit tight, wait for
dialog: me and the Bone to come get you.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: a
dialog: ' 112.
text: Now Luvlee's suspicious. This isn't exactly the reaction she
dialog: expected.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: dust do it.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Can I talk to Marty?
text: Gary closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Gary?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Listen, Luvlee--
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: It's all fucked up.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: What, is he hurt?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Marty Goh it.
dialog: No-- Oh, God> e he did... he made
dialog: it, right? He'G o
speaker_heading: YY
speaker_heading: GAR’ 2
dialog: Luvlee--
text: She crumples, doubles over. S5
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Luvlee. Call Chris. Right now.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS' CAR - DAY
text: As Chris paces back and forth. He sees the Sheriff's green &
text: white, the siren on, moving along the highway in the distance.
text: And then the phone rings.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Lewis?
scene_heading: INT. WEST BOTTOMS - SAME
text: As Luvlee, now very upset, hands the phone to Lewis.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Talk.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Chris?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Lewis, I'm sorry, I_ messed everything
dialog: up, it's all my fault--
dialog: Michael! Peretzian
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Forget it, kid.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: They're gonna kill us both now, right?
text: Lewis doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Right?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Just go, Just run. Just get the
dialog: fuck away from here.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You're free, kid. You hear what I'm
dialog: sayin'? You're free--
text: She takes the phone away from him and shuts it off, starts to
text: back out of the room.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: It all went to shit, didn't it?
text: She pauses, sniffs.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
text: I could hear it in his voice.
text: She comes back over “Soft a startled Lewis.
dialog: Marty's dead>
text: He tentatively holds onto evs face dark as she begins to
dialog: cry on his shoulder. °
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - NIGHT
text: As Chris stares at the money, thf rd... when his phone
text: rings once more.
scene_heading: INTERCUTTING GARY & CHRIS
dialog: Qkay., you be heard him. He's alive. How
dialog: do we this?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I don't know.
text: Gary takes a breath, tries to remain patient...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Start by picking a place to meet.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: Chris paces a moment, thinking. Then-- °
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Anywhere, Chris, just pick a place--
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: How 'bout the Mayor's Christmas Tree
dialog: in Crown Center.
speaker_heading: GARY .
dialog: That sounds fine, But we'll need a
dialog: couple hours to drive back to town,
dialog: get Lewis. .
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: So... Crown Center. Two hours.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Uh-huh...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Write it down.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Good. And Chris?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah?
dialog: Don't do an ng, stupid.
text: Chris reacts to this, the money, then...
speaker_heading: CHR. oF
dialog: I won't.
scene_heading: EXT. RICHARD & DOROTHY rar hel - NIGHT
text: The street is quiet, a thin crus een on the ground as Chris
text: pulls into the driveway, and head: to the house.
scene_heading: INT. PRATT KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: As Chris comes inside, straightaway opens the fridge, gulps
text: down half a carton of orange juice, shoves an apple in his mouth,
text: then hurries out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS' OLD BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: As Chris heads for the closet, takes down the long "Mustangs"
text: duffel bag. He dumps out the yearbook, the hockey equipment;
text: then st 6 to stuff some of 8 old clothes into the bag. He
text: peels off his blood-splattered shirt, pulls on his old hockey
text: jersey. He starts out of the room, pausing for a quick second
text: to look at himself in the mirror: e old Chris.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - NIGHT
text: As Chris walks past, backs up, comes into the room. He stares
text: at all of the photographs of his father and him: at the hockey
text: xink, hunting, shooting clays fishing by a lake. He picks up
text: a trapshooting trophy and looks at it-a moment...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: The duffel bag rests on the kitchen table foodstuffs and a six
text: pack of soda sticking out of it now. Chris sits at the table
text: writing a note. He finishes, looks a moment at what he's
text: written, then grabs the big duffel bag and walks out.
text: We HOLD on the note a moment, see "MOM AND DAD" written on the
text: outside in Chris' jagged scrawl. We hear THE DOOR CLOSE 0S.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: As Chris tosses the now full duffel into the back seat, gets in
text: the car and drives away.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - NIGHT
text: Chris' car parked just off the road, headlights on. Chris, in
text: the wash of the headlights, shovels dirt back into a hole that
text: he's dug in the freshly cultivated earth. He finishes, takes
text: out his notebook, makes a note...
text: He then walks to where his car is parked and throws the shovel
text: in the back, which we can now see is EMPTY.
text: He walks around, gets in the car and drives away. We BOOM DOWN
text: TO where we see CHRIS' NOTEBOOK lying in the dirt.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST BOTTOMS - NIGHT
text: As the Bone and Gary pu: up to the front.
scene_heading: INT. LUVLEE'S ROOM -
text: As Luvlee -- dressed for teres -- speaks into the phone...
dialog: °
speaker_heading: LUVL!
dialog: We'll be right down
text: She hangs up, grabs her PISTOL e mattress, shoves it
text: into the back of her jeans and sti out of the room...
scene_heading: INT. CAR - SAME
text: As the Bone ends the call, turns to Gary, sees that he's nodding
text: off, sees that he's soaked in blood.
speaker_heading: BONE
dialog: Maybe you should go upstairs, lay down
dialog: before you pump out.
speaker_heading: GARY e
dialog: I'm fine.
speaker_heading: BONE
dialog: I'm saying it's no problem, you want,
dialog: I meet the kid alone, come back here
dialog: after, pick up you and your sister.
text: At that, Cary. wakes up some, turns and looks at the insect-man
text: beside him, his eyes hidden once more behind the dark shades.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: And I'm saying, I'm fine.
text: And now we see Luvlee coming out of the building, Lewis holding
text: onto one arm.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 116.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR - SAME
text: ag fhe Bo Bone gets out to help them into the car. Luvlee glares
dialog: al
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: fou were supposed to be watching Marty's
dialog: ck.
text: The Bone doesn't say anything, just opens the back door. She
text: leans over, helps Lewis into the back seat. Her shirt
text: so that the Bone sees the butt of the pistol sticking out of
text: her eans. He grabs it. She pulls her head out of the car and
dialog: 8 up...
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: That's mine. Give it back.
speaker_heading: BONE
dialog: I'll protect you.
text: She looks at him. He doesn't move.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Get in the car, Luvlee.
text: She looks at the back of Gary's head already in the front
text: passenger seat and gets in with Lewis.
scene_heading: EXT. CROWNE CENTER - NI
text: As Chris pe up and at aS the engine. He checks his watch,
text: then YAWN: He takes iD closes his eyes...
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS' - SAME
text: As Luvlee leans forward a We a look at Gary, winces at
text: the sight of him. Gary turns Sead, sees her, then turns
dialog: still further...
speaker_heading: waa SAD
dialog: Comfy back there, Lewis
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: I'm fine, thank you.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: More “leg room?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: No, thank you. .
text: Gary exchanges a look with the Bone. Luvlee leans forward.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Let him go, Gary.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: He's suffered enough. For Christ's
dialog: sake, the poor bastard never got to
text: see his mommy again.
speaker_heading: GARY .
dialog: What the fuck are you talking about?
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Luvlee, it's all right--
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: When he was a boy he just all of a
dialog: sudden started go: blind. It's a
dialog: very sad story-- tell ‘em, Lewis.
speaker_heading: LEWIS :
dialog: I don't think he wants to hear it.
text: Gary slowly turns around...
speaker_heading: GARY
text: Luvlee. The man was blinded in an
dialog: explosion.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When he was a little boy...
speaker_heading: GARY .
dialog: When he was twenty, in a chem lab in
dialog: Berkley. He was making a fuckin bomb
dialog: for some radical group he was a part
text: of, it blew up in his face.
text: Luvlee looks at Lewis. i
speaker_heading: LUVLEE ‘
dialog: Is that true?
text: He doesn't answer.
dialog: Be
dialog: You little fuck °
text: She shoves him against the d
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - DAWN (FROM THE RAN
dialog: e Sheriff's cruiser moving
text: The SIREN and flashing cherry ato;
text: along the tops of the winter wheat...
scene_heading: EXT. THE NOEL TOWN BANK - DAWN
text: A replay of the opening scene as the Sheriff pulls in behind
text: Ted Tiliman's cruiser, the front door still open, the dome light
dialog: on.
scene_heading: JUMP CUT TO: INSIDE THE BANK - DAWN
text: As the Sheriff unhooks his maglight, starts inside the bank...
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: I come on the Sloop John B...
text: JUMP CUT TO: INSIDE THE BANK
text: As the Sheriff shines his lights on Marty, then Cork...
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Around Nasssau Town we did roam...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: ' 1s.
text: JUMP CUT TO: OUTSIDE THE BANK
text: As his deputy now pulls up out front...
text: JUMP CUT TO: INSIDE THE BANK
text: As the Sheriff shines his flashlight on Ted.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY (0.S.)
dialog: Sheriff?
text: We HEAR BEEP BEEP BEEP and the Sheriff crouches down, takes the
text: RED PAGER from Ted's belt.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: Good Christ-- Ted--
text: The sheriff shuts off the pager, stares at it a moment.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Call the FBI.
scene_heading: EXT. CROWN CENTER - DAWN
text: Where Chris sits in the station wagon, sound ASLEEP. Suddenly
text: the DRIVERS WINDOW SHATTERS and Chris jumps as the Bone sticks
text: the sawed-off into his cheek...
dialog: Where's the y?
text: Chris blinks, sits UR fats his pockets for his notebook as the
text: back is opened up an aS ee standing back there looking
dialog: nm.
dialog: Bf
dialog: It's not here. °
speaker_heading: BONE G
dialog: Check the duffel. >
dialog: el Chris took from his
text: She opens the big red "MUSTANGS"
text: house, sees nothing in there but his clothes, old mementos...
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Nope.
text: She looks at Chris, quickly turns away as Bone opens the door
text: and yanks Chris out of the car by the hair.
speaker_heading: BONE
dialog: Where's the money?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I don't remember.
text: The Bone looks at Chris a moment, then turns to Luvlee who's
text: now also looking at Chris with a worried expression.
speaker_heading: BONE
dialog: (to Luvlee)
dialog: Stay here.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
scene_heading: EXT. RINK - SAME
dialog: Nobody
dialog: face pale
dialog: He clings
dialog: ammed
text: around except for sreko who sits sl
dialog: as rice now, his
dialog: othing | soaked
dialog: to Lewis
text: end of the ice, his fist buried in Chris!
dialog: He throws
dialog: Where is it?
speaker_heading: BONE
text: He says he doesn't remember.
dialog: on the ide him, keep:
dialog: to the blind man's bengtes®
dialog: 119.
dialog: magn with bench tae
dialog: ng his pistol
text: The Bone appears at
dialog: hair.
text: Chris down to the ice in front of Gary and Lewis.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Lewis-- you okay?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You shoulda ran, kid.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Come on, don't do this, Chris.
dialog: the money?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: You don't kn
dialog: The kid had ck>ut --
dialog: How do you koow? 2.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Because it happens L851
dialog: just blanks one. oe
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Really.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Yes, really. Don't you fucking
dialog: realize what you're dealing with?
text: Lewis is jerked off hie feet by the Bone.
text: standing up, his oxfords keep slipping on the ice...
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Hey--
dialog: Where's
dialog: 1 He
dialog: assholes
dialog: He has trouble
text: We HEAR A LOUD CLICK as the Bone opens a SWITCHBLADE and right
text: away stabs Lewis in the side--
speaker_heading: LEWIS
speaker_heading: AHHH--
text: --and twists the blade. Lewis SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: Lewis! TS
text: Drops to the ice.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 120.
text: Chris starts to get up, but Gary kicks him back down to the ice
text: as the Bone holds onto a now thrashing Lewis.
speaker_heading: GARY -
dialog: I realize who I'm dealing with, Lewis.
dialog: Do you?
text: Lewis curls up, doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Where's your notebook, Chris?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I lost it.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: With the money maybe?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Bone.
text: And the Bone stabs Lewis in the other side and once more Lewis
speaker_heading: SCREAMS :
scene_heading: INT. THE STATION WAGON - SAME
text: Luvlee sitting in the open back, smoking a cigarette. She hears
text: a SCREAM OS. She start get out, when she notices the dirt
dialog: in the back, the muddy ho: eee
scene_heading: INT. THE ICE RINK - Lr
speaker_heading: OQ
dialog: °
text: As Gary looks around...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Shut him up.
text: Gary waits as the Bone puts a aSeegpans over Lewis' mouth.
text: Lewis is now bleeding all over the ee
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: So, what, you were just gonna show up
dialog: empty handed?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No, I had a... plan...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You had a plan?
dialog: aughs)
dialog: To what? Fuck me?
text: Chris doesn't say a word. The Bone hauls Lewis to his feet.
speaker_heading: BONE
dialog: Stand up. Right there.
text: Lewis gbeys. but again, he keeps slipping. The Bone stands
text: there facing him, shaking his head, holding the point of his
text: knife barely a foot from his Lewis' throat...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Where's the money, Chris?
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I don't know...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Wrong answer. Bone--
dialog: C'mere, Lewis. .
text: Lewis, hesitates, fights to hold his balance...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I don't remember!
speaker_heading: BONE
dialog: Take one giant step...
text: Lewis doesn't move.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Please, I'm telling you the truth--
speaker_heading: BONE
dialog: Lew-is-- I'm waiting--
text: Lewis takes a step, but slips, falls backwards, humiliating
text: himself. Chris stands up--
dialog: 
dialog: You know, Chris, ting here asking
dialog: myself... Is he rea: tt dumb? Or
dialog: is he really that
text: Chris just looks at him. <P
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I'm gonna ask you one more time, then
dialog: you watch Lewis get his throat cut.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Where's my money?
text: Chris stares at Lewis.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm sorry--
text: The Bone reaches for Lewis now, grabs him by the hair--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: NO!
speaker_heading: LUVLEE (0.8.)
dialog: He buried it!
text: They all turn as she slips and slides her way across the rink.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: There's mud all over the fucking car!
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 122.
text: Gary looks at Chris, sees the mud on his pants and shoes. Chris
text: sees him staring at him. Gary nods...
speaker_heading: GARY :
dialog: Yeah... You buried it. Of course you
dialog: _ @id. ,
text: Chris sits there thinking, trying to remember.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: And I bet I know where, too.
text: Luvlee looks at Lewis, bleeding all over the ice and takes a
dialog: step away from the Bone.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: The fuck is the matter with you?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: Old Farm Road 24.
text: Chris looks at him. Gary nods...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Right?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah... that's where it is.
text: And now Gary manages a le, taps his head.
dialog: I know peopl
scene_heading: EXT. OLD HIGHWAY 24 - MOI °
text: The cornfield. A sign reads FARMS. We CRANE DOWN past
text: the sign to REVEAL:
scene_heading: THE STATION WAGON - SAME on
text: Chris and Lewis in the back with Gary. Luvlee up front with
text: the Bone. Gary turns to Chris who points into the field.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Over there.
text: We hear THE SOUND OF SHOVELING OVER as we...
text: CUT TO: THE SMALL WHITE HEADSTONE
dialog: The accident marker, the flowers Chris left the day before now
text: scattered about the ground.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL:
text: The Lincoln parked in the field, the Bone leaning against the
text: front fender, Chris digging up dark earth. Lewis sits on the
text: cold ground with Luvlee who holds onto him.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Hey, Luvlee?
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Shhh.
dialog: Michael! Peretzian
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You know, I'm not gonna be around much
dialog: longer to look out for you.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Shut up.
text: She watches as Gary examines the marker. He leans on it, looks
text: like he might pass out at any moment:
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Just watch your back.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: So this is where it happened.
text: Chris looks at him, keeps digging.
speaker_heading: GARY .
dialog: This is where you killed your best
dialog: friend, maimed ur sweetheart and
dialog: ruined your fuckin life.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PRATT HOUSE - MORNING
text: As Richard Pratt, in his robe, gets the mornin: xr, comes
text: back into the house. s ‘S PAPer,
dialog: /
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME
text: As Richard comes in, gr some coffee from the pot on the
text: counter when he sees the Ni FROM CHRIS. He opens it up.
speaker_heading: D
scene_heading: INSERT - NOTE
dialog: The first few lines...
dialog: YOU'LL HEAR FROM ME... and th
text: as "ROBBED A BANK... KILLED
speaker_heading: RICHARD
text: (staring at the no’ QP
dialog: Oh, God--
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - MORNING
text: AND DAD, THIS IS THE LAST TIME
dialog: ick flashes of phrases such
dialog: «.. I'M SORRY... "
text: As Luvilee glances back at the Bone leaning against the fender,
text: then takes Lewis' hand. Lewis starts to say something when--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I found it.
text: Lewis and Luvlee sit up as Chris pulls one of the black duffels
text: from the dirt and sets it down next to the hole.
scene_heading: INT. THE PRATT. HOUSE - MORNING
text: As Richard stands up from the table, knocking over the chair
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: thy RICHARD
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - MORNING
text: As The Bone leans over now to look as Gary takes the duffel bag
text: and unzips it. S ' . xchan
dialog: looks with each Sure enough, it’s full of money They © se
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Get the rest. Luvlee--
text: He tosses the bag to her.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Put the bags in the car please.
text: Luvlee hesitates, then does as she's told as Chris crouches
text: down and grabs handfuls of dirt off the other bags. Gary squats
text: beside him now.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Hey, I just realized something...
text: Chris lifts another duffel bag, sets it on the ground beside
dialog: the hole.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: This is where you should've died the
dialog: first time.
text: Luvlee looks sadly at Chris, then grabs the next bag as Gary
text: points into the hole...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: There's one more.
text: Chris bends down, picks up the last duffel bag as Gary stands
text: up, nods to the Bone... who nods back, comes off the fender.
speaker_heading: YY
dialog: I tried to & Sunshine.
text: Gary pauses and turns ba ty is who, shaking like crazy,
text: clinging to the last duff ag, watches the Bone raise his
text: shotgun to the back of Lewis! .
dialog: our life. You could'v le yourself
dialog: into something better. you know
dialog: what I think?
text: Lewis stiffens, waits as the Bone touches the sawed-off to his
text: head as Gary smiles that smile at Chris now...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I'm talking about you ale: changed
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I think, the truth is, you're nothing
dialog: but a gimp. You'll always be a gimp.
dialog: And, now, it looks like you're gonna
dialog: fuckin die a gimp.
text: As Ga: turns away, Chris lifts the bag and we hear THE SOUND
text: OF A SHOTGUN RACKING FROM INSIDE THE . This gets Lewis to
text: turn his head. Gary freezes, looks at an equally surprised
text: Luvlee. The Bone raises the sawed-off higher now as we...
scene_heading: CUT TO: THE PRATT HOUSE - SAME
text: As_a now panicked Richard steps out of the kitchen and into the
text: hallway, then stopping cold as he sees A SHOTGUN SHELL lying on
dialog: the floor just outside the library and we...
scene_heading: CUT TO: THE FIELD - SAME
text: As the duffel bag in Chris' hand explodes at one end, and the
text: Bone is blown back off his feet as we...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 125.
text: CUT TO: THE PRATT HOUSE
text: As Richard picks the shell, looks into the library and sees
text: the SMASHED SH CASE. The trophy on the floor in front of
text: it. We then ZOOM IN ON the empty slot that once contained the
dialog: missing SHOTGUN as we... .
scene_heading: CUT TO: THE FIELD
text: And ZOOM IN ON Gary, now reaching into his pants for his own
text: gun, fumbling with it, his mouth a knowing "0" as Chris lets
text: the duffel bag fall away from his FATHER’ SHOTGUN, racking the
text: gun once more as the bag drops, and shoots Gary in the chest.
text: He goes down as Chris steps out of the hole, rack: the ge as
text: he comes, as the Bone, sits up -- the sawed-off still in his :
text: hand, sunglasses off his head, his eyes a shocking blue, the
text: color of gas flames, open wide now as Chris fires a load of
text: buckshot into the man's startled face.
text: Chris stands there, breathing hard, staring stupidly at the two
text: bodies in front of him. Gary on his back, looks up at Chris,
text: his chest rising and falling a moment, then his eyes empty
text: he goes still. “For a moment, all is quiet.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Who's dead?
text: Chris doesn't move.
dialog: Ss
dialog: Am I dead?
text: Chris slips out of his C turns and looks at Lewis lying
text: on the ground.
speaker_heading: CHRI 2
dialog: No, you're not dead
speaker_heading: LEWIS 7S
dialog: Chris? CHRIS!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: What the hell just happened?
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Chris just shot everybody.
text: Chris wheels around, puts the gun on Luvlee standing there
text: shaking beside the car.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: He what? Wait a minute--
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: You gonna shoot me, too, Chris?
text: Chris stands there.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Kid...?
text: She takes a step towards him. He finally lowers the gun.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Go-- Run.
text: She starts to, hesitates, looks at the bags in the car.
speaker_heading: LUVLEE
dialog: Can I mabye just take one--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Go!
text: She takes off running into the corn field. Chris looks up as
text: we see the BLACK FBI HELICOPTER from the earlier scene
text: across the horizon on its way to Noel. Lewis gets up, falls
dialog: lown again...
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Ah-- Jesus...
text: Chris moves to help him up...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: So what do we do now?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: For starters we get me to a fuckin
dialog: . hospital. We'll’ work out the rest
dialog: ater.
dialog: Is
dialog: Here-- I'm go: carry you.
dialog: The whole wa’
text: To the car. QO.
text: Chris shakes his head, picks starts off across the field
text: for the car, Lewis hanging on t. es
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: What would you do without me, kid?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET NOEL - DAY
text: The helicopter. is parked in the middle of the street, which is
text: now full of FBI, lab and State Trooper vehicles. The station
text: wagon pulls up in front of the bank. :
text: Chris gets out of the car, walks to the back and opens it up.
text: He pulls out one of the biack duffel bags and sets it on the
text: ground... then another dufffle bag...
text: Suddenly, Chris is swarmed by gun-wielding FBI agents. He puts
text: up his ds as now the Sheriff comes out of the bank as well.
text: We then CRANE UP as every law enforcement officer on hand
text: converges on the two of them. o.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: Once upon a time, I robbed the Noel
dialog: Town Bank.
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 127.
scene_heading: INT. BANK - DAY
text: As Chris sits at his desk, surrounded by FBI AGENTS, the Sheriff,
text: telling his story.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: I returned the money and the FBI asked
dialog: me a lot of questions. I answered
dialog: them, I told them it was all my fault --
dialog: Ted, the bank, everything -- but they
dialog: didn't believe that I could've done
dialog: any of it...
scene_heading: INT. BUS - NIGHT
text: As Luvlee sits on a Gre yfhound, relaxing as it starts to pull
text: out. Suddenly the D) stops the bus, opens the door,
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: Luvlee got picked up that night.
text: She sits up as the two FBI AGENTS get on the bus, look at her.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: And now she's doing six years at the
dialog: Lawrence Women's Facility.
text: She waves, puts up her hands as they start towards her...
dialog: Is (v.0O.)
dialog: rom her every now and
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. THE PRATT HOUSE -
text: As Chris pulls into the
dialog: ...his father comes out of the ho
text: arms around Chris before Chris sa
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: But he didn't ask any questions.
text: Syto meet him, throws his
text: Chris stares over Richard's shoulder, startled by the ferocity
text: of his father's embrace.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS' APARTMENT - MORNING
text: As Chris sits up in bed. *
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: My days go pretty much the same as
dialog: they always have...
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: In the dark, Chris and Lewis cooking, Lewis chatting away.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: I wake_up, I take a shower with soap
dialog: and I live my life. Like Lewis says--
text: Chris stops, watches his friend effortlessly navigate the kitchen
dialog: and smiles...
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.0O.)
dialog: --It's a eat world, and sometimes
dialog: it's the other way around.
scene_heading: INT. BANK - DAY :
text: Where Chris counts out some cash behind the teller's window...
speaker_heading: CHRIS (vV.O.)
dialog: That's not to say there aren't a few
dialog: changes here and there.
scene_heading: INT. THE QUAFF - NIGHT
text: Chris at the bar writing in his notebook...
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: I still go to class, and they tell me
dialog: my sequencing's gotten much better.
dialog: And that I--
text: Chris stops, looks up. Scratches out the last line, then--
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: Oh, wait-- the money.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WEST BOTTOMS - DAY
text: A sign out front announcing "GOVERNMENT AUCTION" with a date.
text: Chris and Lewis get out of the Honda, move to the entrance...
speaker_heading: IS (V.0.)
dialog: I'm talking e other money...
scene_heading: INT. WEST BOTTOMS - GARY", pre - DAY
text: As Chris opens the cabinet. reaches in, grabs a stack of
text: cash, smelis it and grins.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.
dialog: The money Gary hid awayq..
text: Chris turns and pases the money to Lewis who holds it like a
text: puppy, takes a happy whiff of the cash...
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: Lewis said we should just take it for
dialog: ourselves, invest it in T-bills. His
dialog: feeling was -- after all -- it was the
dialog: government's money to begin with...
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL HOUSE - DAY
text: Farm country. An old mailbox out front, the name TILLMAN hand
text: painted on the side. Chris sits in a bench swing on the wrap-
text: around porch looking at something OS.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: But I talked him into giving it all
text: away. Anonymously.
text: We see now that Chris is staring at a BABY in a playpen.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: e
dialog: Shari Tillman had her baby the night
text: of the robbery. A boy. ed Junior.
dialog: Michael! Peretzian
dialog: 129.
text: SHARI TILLMAN comes out of the house with two glasses of lemonade
text: and sits down in the porch swing with Chris.
speaker_heading: ON CHRIS
dialog: Watching the baby...
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.0.)
dialog: I come over and visit them from time
dialog: to time. And once in a while... .
text: And now we see Shari lean into FRAME, her son in her arms...
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.0.)
dialog: .--8he lets me hold him.
text: -as she gently passes him to Chris, who takes the child in
text: his own arms, beg: rocking him for dear life, as we then...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: &
dialog: Q
speaker_heading: Y
dialog: Michael Peretzian
dialog: 
