speaker_heading: SUSPIRIA
dialog: Screenplay by Dave Kajganich
text: Based on the film written by Dario Argento
dialog: and Daria Nicolodi
speaker_heading: Frenesy Film
text: The events of the film take place in the Berlin, 1977. Autumn.
dialog: "Dance must be cheerful and show beautiful female bodies
dialog: and have nothing to do with philosophy."
dialog: -- Joseph Goebbels, 1937
dialog: ii.
dialog: Markos Company
dialog: Revised "Horizontal" Hierarchy
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Artistic Director and Choreographer Madame Blanc
dialog: Technical Director Miss Boutaher
dialog: Production Manager Miss Mauceri
dialog: Assistant to Artistic Director Miss Tanner
dialog: Touring Director Miss Griffith
dialog: Accountant Miss Martincin
dialog: Repetiteurs Miss Mandel
dialog: Miss Millius
dialog: Hospitant Judith
dialog: Marketing Balfour
dialog: Archivist Cotugno
dialog: Dramaturgy Miss Killen
dialog: Production Designer Miss Huller
dialog: Stage Manager Miss Kaplitt
dialog: Light Miss Daniels
dialog: Sound Miss Marks
dialog: Drummer Danielle
dialog: Physical Trainer Pavla
dialog: Physiotherapist and Masseur
dialog: Secretary
dialog: Housemother
dialog: Maintenance Woman
dialog: Featured Dancers
dialog: Miss Verdegast
dialog: Miss Griffith
dialog: Miss Vendegast
dialog: Alberta
dialog: Sara
dialog: Patricia
dialog: Olga
dialog: Caroline
dialog: Sonia
dialog: Marketa
dialog: Doll
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, STAFF KITCHEN -- DAWN
text: In a dim institutional kitchen stands a long, marble table
text: with twenty chairs around it.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER (V.O.)
dialog: Markos.
speaker_heading: MISS MANDEL (V.O.)
dialog: Markos.
speaker_heading: MISS KILLEN (V.O.)
dialog: Blanc!
speaker_heading: MISS DANIELS (V.O.)
dialog: Markos!
text: MISS VENDEGAST (50) comes in and turns on the lights. She
text: gets a coal fire going in the heat stove, then another in the
text: cook stove. She fills a big enamel coffee pot.
speaker_heading: MISS BOUTAHER (V.O.)
dialog: Blanc.
speaker_heading: MISS MILLUS (V.O.)
dialog: Markos!
speaker_heading: MISS MARTINCIN (V.O.)
dialog: Blanc.
text: Vendegast sets out bowls, spoons, and mugs on the table. Mue-
text: sli. Biscuits. Soon, other women begin drifting in. Some are
text: still in robes, not yet showered. They go about getting their
text: breakfasts and first cigarettes. Some chat casually.
text: Over it all, the vote continues in v.o. Each voice is strong,
dialog: decided. We may see flashes of the faces of these women dur-
dialog: ing the vote, which took place the night before. If an audi-
dialog: ence expects sinister faces, they'll be surprised: The women
dialog: of our film are banal, matronly, women you see every day.
speaker_heading: MISS HULLER (V.O.)
dialog: Markos!
speaker_heading: MISS HOLZMANN (V.O.)
dialog: Blanc!
text: MADAME BLANC (50) herself comes in for breakfast. She has the
text: long-limbed body and high carriage of a dancer, but her ener-
text: gy is not rarified. It’s grounded, open. But she looks tired.
speaker_heading: MADAME BLANC
dialog: Good morning, everyone.
speaker_heading: MISS MAUCERI (V.O.)
dialog: Blanc.
speaker_heading: MISS MARKS (V.O.)
dialog: Markos!
text: Miss Boutaher comes over to Blanc, still in her hair net.
speaker_heading: MISS BOUTAHER
dialog: Were you able to sleep in a lit-
dialog: tle? It was a long night.
speaker_heading: MADAME BLANC
dialog: Yes, thank you.
speaker_heading: MISS BOUTAHER
dialog: I’m glad.
speaker_heading: DANIELLE (V.O.)
dialog: Markos.
speaker_heading: MISS COTUGNO (V.O.)
dialog: Blanc.
text: Vendegast begins cracking eggs in a bowl, one after another.
speaker_heading: PAVLA (V.O.)
dialog: Markos.
speaker_heading: MISS KAPLITT (V.O.)
dialog: Blanc.
speaker_heading: MISS VERDEGAST (V.O.)
dialog: Markos!
speaker_heading: MISS GRIFFITH (V.O.)
dialog: Markos.
speaker_heading: MISS VENDEGAST (V.O.)
dialog: Blanc!
speaker_heading: MISS BALFOUR (V.O.)
dialog: Blanc.
text: Blanc gets coffee and takes a seat at one head of the table
text: and talks with Miss Holzmann. MISS TANNER (55) enters. She is
text: smaller in stature than Blanc, but leans hard into everything
text: to compensate. She and Blanc have a moment of eye contact.
speaker_heading: ALBERTA (V.O.)
dialog: Markos!
text: A beat, and then, finally:
speaker_heading: JUDITH (V.O.)
dialog: Markos.
text: There’s a V.O. RAPPING, some ritualized version of applause.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER (V.O.)
dialog: << Markos by three. It's decided.
dialog: Let no one's vote be held against
dialog: her. And let the will of the maj-
dialog: ority proceed. Hail, Markos. >>
speaker_heading: ALL (V.O.)
dialog: << Hail, Markos. >>
text: Miss Tanner takes her coffee and sits beside Madame Blanc. As
text: casually as the others are chatting, Tanner says to her:
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: Markos is asking for you. She wants
dialog: to know if everything is ready, now
dialog: that we are clear to proceed.
speaker_heading: MADAME BLANC
dialog: She knows my concerns about Patric-
dialog: ia. But I do agree, we should not
dialog: delay.
text: Tanner nods, reassured on this crucial point. She spreads her
text: jam on her toast. Madame Blanc gets up.
speaker_heading: MADAME BLANC (CONT’D)
dialog: I’1l go and tell her now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN, PLATZ -- DAY
text: A Berlin platz is packed with protestors SHOUTING in organ-
dialog: ized rage:
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: << Free Baader! Free Ensslin! Free
dialog: Schubert! Free Raspe! We are watch-
dialog: ing! We are watching! >>
dialog: (beat)
dialog: << Free Méller! Free Becker! We are
dialog: watching all you do! >>
text: Polizei observe the protest from half a block away. Some take
text: photos. Leaves drop down on them in the grey afternoon.
text: PATRICIA (20s), skirts the edges of the protest, hurrying.
text: She's dressed in a old fatigue jacket and leggings, weighed
text: down with an over-the-shoulder bag and duffle. One or two in
text: the crowd recognize her and gesture, but she keeps moving.
speaker_heading: CROWD (CONT'D)
dialog: << We remember Mutter Meinhoff! We
dialog: remember everything! >>
text: She gets to a statue in the platz and looks around for some-
text: one, as if at a planned rendezvous point. But no one’s wait-—
text: ing for her there, and no one comes.
text: She stays as long as she can. But the police notice her duf-
text: fle. They begin to point her out between themselves. She gets
text: moving again. When she sees two of the police detach from the
text: group to follow her, she gets around a corner and runs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KLEMPERER’S BUILDING, STAIRWELL -- DAY
text: Patricia hurries up a stairwell to a door on the top landing
text: and RINGS. There is an odd, dark light bulb in a wall socket
text: beside a small sign there. She is singing to herself in spite
dialog: of her fear. Nico. “The Fairest of the Seasons.”
scene_heading: INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, ENTRYWAY -- DAY
text: DR. JOZEF KLEMPERER (80) answers. His face carries his many
text: years, creased along all the lines of longing. But it’s still
text: somehow an open face. He sees her fear, her duffle bag.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: Patricia. What --has happened?
text: But Patricia dances past him, dragging in her duffle and bag,
text: singing as she goes. It’s odd behavior. He shuts the door and
text: follows her back to a worn study lined with bookcases.
scene_heading: INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, SITTING ROOM -- DAY
text: Instead of sitting, Patricia dumps her bags behind a stuffed
text: armchair and dances around the furniture, moving to the music
text: in her head. She never once looks directly at Klemperer. He
text: sees her dismay and responds with practiced calm.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: I have a patient in a few minutes,
dialog: but I can tell him to come another
dialog: time--
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: (pleasantly)
dialog: They voted. --Can I have a seltzer?
dialog: The bartender will give you one for
dialog: free. I’m afraid.
dialog: (singing again)
dialog: I'll be leaving in the fairest of
dialog: seasons.
text: Klemperer lowers himself into his chair, not sure he’s heard
text: her correctly. She talks loudly, as if over other people in a
text: busy cafe. But she’s coding things, just for him.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (CONT’D)
dialog: This song! I have it stuck in my
dialog: head. I hear it so loud I worry oth-
dialog: ers can hear it, too.
dialog: (meaningfully)
dialog: Do you understand--?
text: He decides. He leans over and flips a switch low on the wall
text: near his chair.
scene_heading: INT. KLEMPERER’S BUILDING, STAIRWELL -- DAY
text: A red bulb next to his door switches on, its FILAMENT BUZZ-
text: ING WITH VOLTAGE. The small sign beside it reads, both in Ger-
dialog: man and English, “In Session.”
scene_heading: INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, SITTING ROOM -- DAY
text: Klemperer begins writing in his patient notes. We see what
text: must be months of work with her in his tiny handwriting.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: They are going to try to keep her
dialog: alive after all.
text: He glances up at her. He flips back through the notes. The
dialog: name “Markos” has come up before, several times. Klemperer
dialog: has called it a “besessenheit.” An obsession.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: Markos?
text: For a second, Patricia's reaction is physical, violent.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Don’t say that name--!
text: But then she tries to make herself laugh, as if she’s having
dialog: a very good time.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m not supposed to be here! It’s
dialog: the middle of the day! You’re a
dialog: nice boy. A nice kumpel. Isn’t that
dialog: the word? I was right. They are
dialog: witches.
text: Klemperer writes. Patricia moves around the room, eyes closed
dialog: and dancing.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (CONT’D)
dialog: I left word for Sara to meet me out
dialog: this morning. She’s the one girl
dialog: there I could give a damn about.
dialog: She’s rich, but she listens. If I
dialog: leave they may choose her next. I
dialog: don’t want them to hurt her. But
dialog: she didn't come. She didn’t get my
dialog: note, or--
dialog: (beat)
dialog: She doesn’t know what I know.
dialog: They've been underground since the
dialog: war. I found out all of it.
text: She realizes she’s said too many real things in a row and dis-
text: sembles. She’s terrified.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m having so much fun I don’t know
dialog: why you never brought me here be-
dialog: fore!
text: A long beat. Klemperer says, calmly:
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: You think they can hear you now.
text: She shoots him a look. Then a frightened nod. She dances to a
text: window and begins singing Bowie’s “Heroes,” again as if she’s
text: at some kind of club.
text: She has her eyes closed now, really trying to put herself in
dialog: another place and time.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: They took my hair. My urine. They
dialog: took my eyes. There’s more to that
dialog: building than what you see.
text: CLOSE ON: In her file, he writes: << Her delusion has deep-
text: ened into panic. She feels her constructed mythology is con-
dialog: firmed. >>
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (CONT'D)
dialog: But I let them help me. I let them
dialog: give me things, too. I knew, but I
dialog: let it happen.
text: On Klemperer’s bookcase, there is a framed photogravure. It’s
text: of smiling WOMAN from the 1930s. She smiles at Patricia.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (CONT’D)
dialog: My mother always told me to write
dialog: my stories down. I was always tel-
dialog: ling them, but I never wrote them
dialog: down before.
dialog: (forcefully)
dialog: Kumpel!
text: Klemperer looks up. He sees she is crying.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Did you hear?! Did you understand?
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: Patricia--
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: I’m going back for Sara and then
dialog: I'll come get my things.
text: She is weeping now, painfully desperate and afraid.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: Patricia. I think you'd feel safer
dialog: if you stay at least until the pro-
dialog: test outside is gone--
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: They convinced me it was my choice.
dialog: Rehearsal’s at noon-- I’1l be mis-
dialog: sed!
text: Klemperer gets to his feet. As she rushes out, she tells him:
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (CONT’D)
dialog: If they know, they won’t hesitate.
dialog: They will hollow me out and eat my
dialog: cunt on a plate!
text: Then she goes out the door, giving a jolt of surprises to the
text: NEXT PATIENT (Male, 40s) waiting outside. Klemperer listens
text: to her go DOWN THE STAIRS and OUT. He goes to the window.
text: CLOSE ON: In the photo on his bookcase, the woman's eyes are
text: pale over her smile. A smile from before the war.
text: He looks through the sheer curtain to the street below and
text: watches Patricia hurry back toward the platz, then disappear.
speaker_heading: NEXT PATIENT (0.S.)
dialog: (from the door, unsure)
dialog: Dr. Klemperer?
scene_heading: INT. OHIO FARMHOUSE, ADULTS’ BEDROOM -- DAY
text: A MENNONITE WOMAN (50s) lies in a sick bed, silently attended
text: to by women from the community in their modest pastel dresses
text: and hair coverings. She looks ravaged by disease, perhaps can-
text: cer. Her frail, wet BREATHING is audible. Horrible SIGHS.
text: Once the credits are finished, the SIGHS continue in PRE-LAP
text: into the next scene.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL PFAU, SUSIE’S ROOM -- DAY
text: An young American, SUSIE BANNION (20s), sits in a hotel room
text: going over a set of handwritten directions against a street
text: map of Berlin. She’s confused, determined. She has no make-up
text: on. Her freckles stand out on her pale skin with her red hair
text: against her blue eyes.
text: Susie checks her watch. She grabs a small dance bag, counts
dialog: the money she has left: 35 Deutsche Marks and a few American
text: dollars she hasn’t yet exchanged all in a creased envelope
text: with a church logo in its return address corner. She hides it
text: deep between the mattresses it all and hurries to the door.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL PFAU, LOBBY -- DAY
text: She goes to the small reception desk to ask a question, but
text: the two women there have their backs to her, their attention
text: glued to the small television there.
text: ON THE TV: A news report, in German, of hijacked Lufthansa
text: flight 181 taking off from an airport in Rome.
text: NOTE: This hijacking story is one of the centerpieces of the
text: now-imfamous “German Autumn” of 1977, which marked the end of
dialog: the Baader-Meinhof terrorist era, and which we will see un-
text: folding in real time on televisions throughout the film.
scene_heading: INT. BERLIN SUBWAY CAR -- DAY
text: Susie has found her way onto the Berlin subway. She looks a-
text: round, keeping her nerves in check as best she can. She sees
text: armed Polizei at various stations watching clusters of youth,
text: both with attitudes like battering rams.
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN SUBWAY STATION, STAIRS -- DAY
text: Susie is on the stairs hurrying out of the subway, asking for
text: directions. A woman with too much lipstick half-helps her.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: PohlstraBe--? It’s this way--?
text: Susie has a rural American accent: Southern Ohio, which is
text: almost West Virginia, but not as thick. She lacks sophistica-
dialog: tion, but makes up for it with bravery.
scene_heading: EXT. MARKOS COMPANY -- DAY
text: Susie finally arrives outside a huge old janus of a building--
text: two brick volumes fused down the center, one taller than the
text: other by several floors. It could be a factory, a school, or
text: an austere sort of hotel, but the stonework over the entrance
text: simply reads “Tanz.” Dance.
text: Dead leaves cartwheel around her. Susie stands a moment look-
text: ing up at the building, gathering herself. Then she goes in.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, ENTRANCE HALL -- DAY
text: Susie comes in and finds the entrance lobby empty. She looks
text: up at the several floors of balustrades above her. She hears
text: DRUMMING coming from somewhere in the building--a slow SYNCO-
text: PATED BEAT--and the SQUEAKS and EXERTIONS of PEOPLE DANCING.
text: A voice CALLS OUT DANCE CUES.
text: There is a KNOCKING ON GLASS and it takes SUSIE a moment to
text: see MISS TANNER hailing her from an interior window of the of-
text: fice, which looks out onto the entrance hall.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, OFFICE -- DAY
text: Susie comes in. Miss Tanner, made up now for the day, is all
dialog: business. Something is wrong at the company today. Susie be-
dialog: gins to feel it everywhere.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Miss Tanner--?
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: Miss Bannion, I’ve been trying to
dialog: reach you at your hotel. To tell
dialog: you not to come.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Not come? Why--?
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
text: Something has come up at the
dialog: company just today. I was hoping
dialog: you could reschedule.
text: A beat. Tanner waits for Susie to offer to postpone it her-
text: self, but Susie just stands there, panicked. Tanner sets her
dialog: jaw.
text: The secretary, MISS GRIFFITH (50s), is there typing some-
text: thing, her back to Susie. In a small mirror on the desk, Su-
text: sie can see, though, that Miss Griffith is crying.
text: Miss Griffith’s reflection looks back and she shifts in her
text: chair to cut off the reflection.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER (CONT’D)
dialog: Very well. I have a room where you
dialog: can change and get warm. I'll call
dialog: the panel down--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, CHANGING ROOM -- DAY
text: Susie has changed into a dance leotard and sits, doing some
text: stretches. She tries to manipulate her breathing to calm her-
text: self. It’s intense to watch her try to control her own body
dialog: this way. It seems to work.
text: She must be closer to the practice rooms now, because the
text: DRUMS and DANCE CUES are louder here. Susie closes her eyes.
dialog: She wants this so badly.
text: We see a succession of images of rehearsals going on in prac—
text: tice halls, but it’s unclear if Susie’s imagining them.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “WHITE” STUDIO -- DAY
text: Susie comes into a small audition room where Miss Tanner sits
text: at a table with MISS MILLIUS (50) and MISS MANDEL (30). They
text: all say hello, but they, too, are subdued. Susie holds a cas-
text: sette tape in her hand.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: Miss Millius and Miss Mandel are
dialog: the company’s répétiteurs.
text: Susie surprises them by asking, directly:
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: And Veva Blanc?
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: As I said, Madame Blanc is occupied
dialog: now.
text: Susie’s disappointment is clear.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: But I was told--
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: Dear. You have no formal training
dialog: or references. Madame Blanc took
dialog: your insistance to come encourag-
dialog: ingly. That’s why you’re here at
dialog: all.
text: Tanner is not being cruel, just clear. A beat. Susie nods.
speaker_heading: MISS MILLIUS
dialog: (re: the tape, kindly)
dialog: We prefer dancers to audition with-
text: out music.
text: Susie looks at Miss Mandel.
speaker_heading: MISS MANDEL
dialog: You can keep time in your head.
text: Susie puts the cassette on the floor, out of the way, takes
text: center floor, and begins. The first movement of her audition
text: is so razor sharp and cutting it is startling.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “IRIS” STUDIO -- DAY
text: Madame Blanc is in the company’s largest studio, leading the
text: rehearsal Susie heard from the entrance hall. People are work-
text: ing in pairs and trios, all very subdued. Blanc is working
text: one-on-one now with SARA (20s), but stops, sensing something
text: going on elsewhere in the building.
text: Sara stops as well, waiting for Blanc.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Sara, do you mind to continue by
dialog: yourself?
dialog: 12.
text: Sara shakes her head. Blanc nods to the drummer DANIELLE (60)
text: to continue and walks to the door.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, CORRIDOR/STAIRS/“WHITE” STUDIO -- DAY
text: Blanc passes dancers smoking in the corridors and rooms where
text: group sessions are going on. She comes down the stairs to the
text: closed door of the “white” studio. She goes in.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “WHITE” STUDIO -- DAY
text: Blanc enters and discreetly sits in a folding chair by the
text: door so as not to interrupt. Tanner comes and whispers in her
text: ear, but Blanc doesn’t take her eyes off Susie. She watches
text: her, her expression revealing how caught off guard she is by
text: this, and how seriously she is taking it.
text: Susie, in the middle of her dance, sees, in between spins,
text: that Blanc is now in the room watching. Their eyes, for one
text: split second, meet.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, TANNER'S OFFICE -- DAY
text: Susie has been left to wait in Miss Tanner’s office afterward
text: where she sits in her street clothes again, dance bag at her
text: feet. She is looking around the office, barely containing her
text: nervousness. There are photos of the company’s history back
text: to the 1910s on the walls, and some personal effects of Tan-
text: ner’s on her desk, including a lovely dried lotus pod that’s
text: been painted red.
text: Rehearsal is breaking up and the hallway fills with dancers.
text: Susie catches lines from several conversations, all of them
dialog: charged.
speaker_heading: VOICE #1
dialog: They did it while we were in mor-
dialog: ning rehearsal. Put her things in
dialog: shipping boxes.
speaker_heading: VOICE #2
dialog: Do you think she had to go under-
dialog: ground or something? With what's go-
dialog: ing on?
speaker_heading: VOICE #3
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: We don't know what happened!
text: Susie glances into the hall and briefly meets eyes with one
text: of the passing girls, SARA (20s), aka Voice #3.
dialog: 13.
text: But Miss Tanner comes in with MISS VENDEGAST (60s) and closes
text: the door. Miss Vendegast is smiling.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: I’ve just spoken with Madame Blanc.
dialog: Well done, Miss Bannion.
text: Susie can’t stifle the smile spreading across her face. She
text: can barely keep her seat, she is so excited.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER (CONT’D)
dialog: I imagine you’ll need to return
dialog: home to settle things and make ar-
dialog: rangements for moving to Berlin--
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: No, no. I-- I’m ready now. I can
dialog: start now.
text: A beat. Tanner nods.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: (re: Vendegast)
dialog: Fine, then. This is Miss Vendegast.
dialog: She acts as housemother to company
dialog: members who reside here, which is
dialog: the majority. We operate as a sort
dialog: of collective.
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: As we cannot pay our dancers much
dialog: by way of a salary, we are ina
dialog: position to offer dormitory-style
dialog: rooms rent-free, which is one way
dialog: we've found to sew up the differ-
dialog: ence.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: You don’t charge anything --at all?
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: Not a mark.
text: Susie is so relieved, she can’t keep the tears out of her
text: eyes for a moment. Miss Tanner softens.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I’m sorry to cry!
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: In this company, we understand
dialog: fully the importance of a woman's
dialog: financial autonomy.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER (CONT'D)
dialog: Normally, we'd be full up at this
dialog: time of year, but we’ve had a room
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Patricia's.
text: She says this matter-of-factly. Miss Vendegast looks at Miss
text: Tanner. Tanner squints at Susie, slightly alarmed.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Some girls were talking about her
text: in the hall just now.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: Ah. Now that you’re one of us, I
dialog: won't be coy. Patricia has left the
dialog: company under sad circumstances. We
dialog: think she won’t be back.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So there's room, if you’d like. We
dialog: can even move you in this afternoon
dialog: so you don’t have to pay another
dialog: night at your hotel.
speaker_heading: MISS VENDEGAST
dialog: We'll send one of the girls to help
dialog: you with your luggage after lunch.
dialog: Is that all right.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Yes. Thank you. --It’s perfect.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, MEZZANINE/ENTRANCE HALL -- DAY
text: Three stories below, Susie walks back across the entrance
text: hall on her way out, trying to contain her excitement and re-
text: lief. Madame Blanc watches her through a large dim window.
text: Susie must feel watched because she glances back and then up,
text: all the way up to the ceiling until she’s looking right at
text: Madame Blanc. Neither waves. The reason becomes in clear:
text: SUSIE'S POV: All Susie can see is the row of mirrors at the
text: very top, hiding the highest mezzanine.
text: Madame Blanc must be standing behind one of them, but Susie
text: cannot know this. It is a first visual indication that the
text: very architecture of the building creates tension.
text: Susie begins to perceive, at the edge of her hearing, some-
text: one’s labored BREATHING. There’s no one in view. The acoust-
text: ics of three-story hall may explain it. Unnerved, she goes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL PFAU, SUSIE’S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: A storm is coming down hard and with THUNDER. Susie is in her
text: hotel window looking down to the street. A taxi pulls up.
text: Sara, the dancer from the corridor, gets out.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL PFAU -- NIGHT
text: Sara looks up at the hotel and sees Susie. She waves. Susie
text: waves back, already running to get out of the downpour.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL PFAU, SUSIE’S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Sara comes in soaked. She’s clearly from money. She doesn’t
text: overtly advertise this. Her clothes are lovely, but it’s more
text: in the way she carries herself.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'm sorry I’m late. It’s the rain.
dialog: Whenever it rains, everyone in Ber-
text: lin jumps in a cab. And like an mo-
dialog: ron, I just let ours go. It’1l take
dialog: an hour to get another one now. Oh
dialog: I’m Sara. We’ll have to take our
dialog: chances in the street. You have an
dialog: umbrella?
text: Susie shakes her head.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT’D)
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: That’s okay. We can borrow one from
dialog: the hotel if they have them.
text: But Susie’s luggage is still open on the floor, things every-
dialog: where.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: When you weren't here by six I had
dialog: to take the room for another night.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I’m so sorry! Everything was a mess
dialog: at the Company today.
dialog: (off Susie’s look)
dialog: Why are you smiling?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Berlin. You said “everybody in Ber-
dialog: lin” a second ago and I thought:
dialog: That includes me now. I live here
dialog: now.
text: Sara smiles at Susie’s guilelessness.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Yes. Congrats. I heard you here a
dialog: sensation today.
text: Susie shrugs, happy. There’s a roll of THUNDER.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT’D)
dialog: I should maybe go before this gets
dialog: worse, then. I’1l come back in the
dialog: morning?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: If it will be so bad getting a cab,
dialog: sleep here if you want. We can push
dialog: the beds apart. I have an extra
dialog: nightgown--
text: Sara considers the invitation, surprised and moved by Susie’s
dialog: openness.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: We’ll miss dinner, but we can order
dialog: room service. To celebrate!
dialog: (intuiting)
dialog: On me! As a “welcome to Berlin.”
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: They finish plates of meatballs and Jagerschnitzel. They also
text: ordered big German beers, which they’ve drunk. The storm out-—
text: side has gotten worse. The power goes out for a moment, then
text: comes back on.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT’D)
dialog: Have you called your family yet, to
dialog: tell them?
text: Sara is a little drunk. The nightgowns are almost comically
text: conservative. Sara looks at the stitching and sees: it’s hand
dialog: sewn.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT’D)
dialog: Did you tell me where you’re from?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Tell me about Madame Blanc! She
dialog: came into my audition, but she left
dialog: right after.
text: The lights go out and this time they don’t come back on.
text: Lightning occasionally brightens the windows, giving them dim
dialog: light.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: She's incredible. The way she trans-
dialog: mits her work, her energy. When it
dialog: shines on you, it’s --addictive, is
dialog: the word for it. And she’s tough--
dialog: She kept the company alive through
dialog: the war--think about that--when the
dialog: Reich just wanted women to shut off
dialog: their minds and keep their uteruses
dialog: open, there was Blanc.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: --La vraie chose!
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Is that French? I don’t even know!
text: There is a SUDDEN DETONATION outside nearby, markedly differ-
text: ent from thunder. It shakes the glass. They run and open the
text: window to look. It came from down the street. They can’t see
text: from this angle, so Sara leans out, into the rain.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I can smell it. A bomb.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: A bomb?!
text: Susie keeps her from falling out. Police SIRENS are coming.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: There’s a bank that way.
text: She comes back into the room, looking at Susie.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT’D)
dialog: Don’t you know what’s happening
dialog: here? The hijackers are negotiating
dialog: a release for the Stammheim prison-
dialog: ers tonight. There are riots.
text: Susie doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT’D)
dialog: The RAF? Baader-Meinhof?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I don’t know what that is.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: They kidnapped an executive. During
dialog: the war he was Nazi SS. An officer.
text: Now he runs the German Employer's
dialog: Association--
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t get how awful that is, do
dialog: you?
text: Susie shakes her head: This means nothing to her. Sara shi-
text: vers and closes the window.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT’D)
dialog: I didn’t either. Until I came here.
dialog: --And my Father’s in the Diplomatic
dialog: Service.
text: Susie goes to the bathroom and comes back with a thick towel.
text: She sees Sara is now sitting on the bed in tears.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: What is it?!
text: Susie sits on the bed next to her.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I’m sorry. All of this-- I’m just
dialog: worried about a friend. It’s been
dialog: an terrible day.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I heard you talking about her in
dialog: the hall. I knew something was
dialog: wrong.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: She just left this morning, telling
dialog: Ms. Tanner she had a “family emer-
dialog: gency.” No one knows what to do.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: She was active, in some political
dialog: groups. So we don’t know where she
dialog: is, really. If she’s in hiding, if
dialog: she’s all right.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I just want to know she’s if all
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Is she a very good dancer?
text: Sara looks at Susie, at her earnestness and innocence. It
text: shouldn’t, but it comforts her.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Yes. Very good. But an even better
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Then I bet you’ll hear from her tom-
dialog: morrow. --Right?
text: Sara finally nods, then smiles, grateful for the comfort.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, BEDROOM -- PRE-DAWN
text: Dr. Klemperer is already awake when his ALARM CLOCK RINGS. He
text: reaches out to shut it off. While he finds the switch it
text: RINGS so long someone KNOCKS on the wall.
scene_heading: INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, BATHROOM -- PRE-DAWN
text: The sky in the tiny window over his toilet is just bluing up
text: with the coming of dawn. Klemperer shaves slowly and careful-
text: ly in his cracked mirror. One of the two bathroom doors has
text: been sealed up and shelved now, a wall between apartments.
scene_heading: INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, SITTING ROOM -—- DAWN
text: Klemperer is tying his shoes. It takes a few moments. The
text: RADIO beside him is playing Erik Satie’s “Vexations.” When he
text: gets his shoes tied, he shuts it off, taps out his pipe, and
text: gets his coat. He makes sure the heat stove screen is closed.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST BERLIN, FRIEDRICHSTRABE -- DAY
text: An early morning sun is drying the pavements from last
text: night’s storm. It’s shaken leaves out of the trees and plast-—
text: ered them onto the curbs and sidewalks.
text: Klemperer makes his way slowly up a main avenue in his neigh-
text: borhood. It is a squatter’s part of town, full of art pione-
text: ers and youth in revolt. The ones who recognize him nod to
text: him like a grandpa. He buys a morning newspaper beside a sub-—
text: way station. Headlines announce the Palestinian hijackers of
text: Flight 181 have flown the captured Lufthansa to Bahrain.
scene_heading: INT. S-BAHN TRAIN -- DAY
text: Klemperer rides the train into East Germany. Next to him is a
text: middle-aged PRIEST. His lip is cut and swollen. The other is
text: a WOMAN (20) with bitten nails and a hospital band around her
text: wrist. In her lap is a sleeping BOY (3).
text: When the train stops at FriedrichstraBe Station, everyone is
dialog: made to get out.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: INT. FRIEDRICHSTRABE STATION, CHECKPOINT -- DAY
text: Klemperer is in line to show his papers at the police check.
text: He is waved through and heads up the stairs into the Russian
text: Sector. One of the armed guards also gives Klemperer a nod,
text: as to a familiar face.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST BERLIN, FRIEDRICHSTRABE -- DAY
text: Klemperer continues down the avenue two blocks. East Berlin
text: is visibly still on its knees from the war, even years later.
text: The rubble and the decay, has the feeling of having been tid-
dialog: ied, but not yet confronted.
text: He turns off and walks toward a small cobbled corner of an
text: otherwise nondescript intersection. There is a small fountain
text: in the stonework, but nothing comes out of it. There is a ma-
text: sonry bench there just wide enough room for two people to sit
text: at the lip of its dry bowl. Klemperer takes a seat there.
dialog: We are witnessing a habit, a ritual, possibly a daily occur-
text: rence. He says out loud, to no one, like a mantra:
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: << And maybe today, my love. >>
text: Then he opens his paper and begins eating his breakfast out
text: of a waxed paper bag he’s brought with him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, ENTRYWAY/SITTING ROOM -- DAY
text: Klemperer returns to his apartment to find: No one is wait-
text: ing. He lets himself in.
scene_heading: INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, ENTRYWAY/KITCHEN -- DAY
text: At some point, Klemperer’s housekeeper, FRAU SESAME (50s)
text: lets herself in the front door. She sees the door to Klemper-
text: er’s sitting room is open and he is sitting inside alone. She
text: immediately begins chatting while she takes out her cleaning
text: bucket from under the sink.
speaker_heading: FRAU SESAME
dialog: << They're out again today, Doctor.
dialog: For the prisoners. Do you think it
dialog: will end today? >>
scene_heading: INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, SITTING ROOM -- DAY
text: Klemperer is not listening. He is looking at the bags Patri-
text: cia left behind. They’ve been moved to the corner.
dialog: 21.
text: He goes to them. He unzips the duffle and begins looking
text: through it. Clothes. Boots. Then a notebook. He hesitates,
text: and then opens it. It is near full with entries, drawings,
text: hand-drawn maps. He begins reading.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, STAIRCASE -- DAY
text: Susie and Sara carry Susie’s luggage up to the third floor
text: passing the mirrors Susie saw the day before. She’s now re-
text: flected in them from just below.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, RESIDENCE CORRIDORS -- DAY
text: They come into a corridor of dormitory-type rooms. Some of
text: the girls are stealing a few moments in their rooms between
text: breakfast and rehearsal. When Susie appears on the floor, a
text: few come out and introduce themselves.
text: Susie smiles at them, greets them. One older dancer, OLGA
text: (40), who is on a telephone, hears what’s going on and steps
text: out to look, but as soon as she sees Susie, she dismisses her
text: and goes back to the argument she was having on the phone.
speaker_heading: OLGA (0.S.)
dialog: Why don’t you try speaking to me
dialog: like you love me for a change--
text: Sara rolls her eyes and brings Susie to the end of one cor-
text: ridor, pointing out as they pass a room at the end:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: That’s my room--
text: The hall turns right, then right again revealing a parallel
text: corridor, also with dorm rooms. Susie’s is first. They go in.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT’D)
dialog: We're sort of neighbors.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I’m glad.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Settle in. I’1l tell Ms. Vendegast
dialog: we made it. Rehearsal isn’t for
dialog: forty minutes. Listen for the bell.
dialog: (off Susie’s nod)
dialog: Knock on the wall if you need
dialog: anything, okay? I’m right on the
dialog: other side.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Sara-—
text: Sara turns back.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (re: the room)
dialog: Is this--?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: No. Olga took Patricia's room. It’s
dialog: the biggest. She said she needed
dialog: the space.
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: She’s Russian.
text: With that, Sara goes. Susie looks around the room, excited.
text: It’s simple: A bed, a dresser, a desk, an old-fashioned stand
text: with a basin and mirror. But no windows. It’s an interior
text: room inside the center of the building.
text: She has an odd moment of settling into the space, of hearing
text: her own breathing. She pulls a suitcase up onto the bed and
text: flips open the latches to start unpacking.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, OFFICE -- DAY
text: A hand pulls a thick cord and then:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, RESIDENCE CORRIDOR -- DAY
text: The BELL for rehearsal rings in the residents’ corridor.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “IRIS” STUDIO -- DAY
text: All the dancers are there, stretching. Madame Blanc and Miss
dialog: Tanner come in.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Good morning. Good morning.
text: Tanner goes to join Danielle at the drums for a moment. Blanc
text: goes right in among the dancers.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: We have some happier company bus-
dialog: iness today. I’d like to introduce
dialog: our new dancer, Susie Bannion. She
dialog: has come to us from America and I
dialog: know you’1ll all make her very wel-
dialog: come.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: I saw her audition myself. I can as-
dialog: sure you, we’re lucky to have her.
text: Everyone smiles and nods to Susie, some come over to hug her
text: or squeeze her shoulder. Olga watches this, irritated by it.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you like to say anything, Su-
dialog: sie?
text: Susie looks around the group, unprepared.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Oh-- Um. I don’t know! Hello--?
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I’m sorry. I don’t know what to
dialog: say!
text: Everyone laughs warmly.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: I'll talk for now, then: Welcome to
dialog: our little family. Join in as you
text: feel ready, but there’s no rush.
text: Susie smiles, blushing now. She nods in thanks.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: All right. For rehearsal today, we
dialog: should get right back to where we
dialog: were last week, with Volk.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’ve talked to Olga and she will
text: now be dancing the protagonist.
dialog: Sara, I'd like you to take Olga’s
dialog: part. Is everyone happy with that?
text: Susie watches Sara receive the news. Sara closes her eyes for
text: a moment, the extent of her outward celebration in front of
text: Blanc. Susie smiles for her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The dancers are in the middle of a sequence in which Olga is
text: spinning between clusters of two and three dancers. Susie
text: sits on the edge, watching for now.
text: Olga’s not judging the spaces correctly and is a step or two
text: off in each collision. She’s getting increasingly frustrated.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
text: The groups are moving, too, Olga.
dialog: Just aim yourself ahead of where
dialog: you think you'll cross with them--
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: OLGA
dialog: I am.
text: She tries this, and it works. But then she stops abruptly.
speaker_heading: OLGA (CONT'D)
dialog: This is shit. Such shit.
text: Danielle stops PLAYING the DRUM. Tanner sighs.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: It’s all right. I’m pushing.
dialog: (to everyone)
dialog: Why don’t we break for ten?
text: But Olga’s frustration is not about the rehearsal. She’s in-
text: dignant. She says, directly to Blanc and Tanner.
speaker_heading: OLGA
dialog: You can’t even be bothered to re-
dialog: spect your own lies.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: Miss Chkalov.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: (to Tanner)
dialog: Oh, let her squeeze if she wants
dialog: to. It’s only pus.
dialog: (to Olga)
dialog: Patricia’s gone, Olga. We don’t
dialog: know why. She said a family issue,
dialog: but we all know there’s a good
dialog: chance that isn’t true. If she’s
dialog: gone into hiding, she wouldn’t tell
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: OLGA
dialog: She would have told someone. That’s
dialog: not what happened.
text: Blanc steps fully into this, taking slow steps toward Olga.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Ponto. Now Schleyer. Prosecutors
text: beaten in Viktoriapark. Firms burn-
dialog: ed. A bomb in Kreuzberg last night.
speaker_heading: OLGA
dialog: She wouldn’t do any of that!
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: We know she met with groups that
dialog: believed in targets, Olga.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: And these kinds of actions require
dialog: a lot of people.
speaker_heading: OLGA
dialog: But she left them. You know she did
dialog: and you know why.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: (ignoring this)
dialog: She wanted to do something with her
dialog: beliefs. We can all admire that.
dialog: And there are changes to be made,
dialog: no question. But if she’s in some
text: cellar filling Beamiester bottles
dialog: with petrol, that’s her choice. Who
dialog: won't be sad if she’s shot by the
dialog: polizei, but what can we do? We all
dialog: tried to talk to her. To give her
dialog: alternatives.
text: Susie watches all of this, fascinated.
speaker_heading: OLGA
dialog: You manipulate everything--
dialog: Everyone-- She didn’t trust you--!
dialog: Because you’re hypocrites.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: She doesn’t trust anyone, Olga. I
dialog: never took it personally. Neither
dialog: should you.
text: This has reduced Olga to furious tears.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: Take Olga up to her room. We’re all
dialog: worried about Patricia, but concern
dialog: is no excuse for hysteria.
speaker_heading: OLGA
dialog: No, Miss Tanner, call Olga a cab.
dialog: She's had enough and is going to
dialog: pack her things and get the fuck
dialog: out of this box of rabies.
text: Olga starts hurrying toward the door.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Olga.
text: Olga points directly back at Blanc and shouts:
speaker_heading: OLGA
dialog: Koldun' ya!
dialog: 26.
text: Olga storms out. Blanc lets the intensity in her own face dis-
text: sipate to show the company the hurt underneath.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: I’m sorry for that. It’s a hot
dialog: thing we do.
text: They hear a door SLAM in the near distance.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, HALLWAY/STAIRWAY/HALLWAY -- DAY
text: Olga shakes with anger as the adrenaline peaks in her system.
text: She takes the stairs two at a time up to the dorm.
text: At the top of the stairs, ALBERTA (50s) a stocky woman who is
text: the company’s maintenance person is sitting in an alcove.
speaker_heading: OLGA
dialog: I'm leaving, Alberta. I can’t swal-
dialog: low any more of this.
text: She heads to her room and starts packing a small bag.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “IRIS” STUDIO -- DAY
text: Miss Tanner has stepped forward to Blanc’s side.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: Who is also unhappy? Let’s get it
dialog: all out, all at once--
dialog: Blanc motions to her “that’s enough.”
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: I’ll talk to Olga later. We’ve got
dialog: an hour and a half. Can we go on?
dialog: Is everyone all right if we go on?
text: She waits until enough people nod.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: Who dances the protagonist then? Ca-
dialog: roline? Sonia?
text: SONIA (20s) and CAROLINE (20s) look at one another.
speaker_heading: SONIA
dialog: I can’t. Not yet.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Caroline, then.
text: Caroline just stands there. She looks at the door where the
text: sounds of her friend leaving have gone silent.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s all right. We’1ll manage.
text: A voice from the side of the room surprises everyone.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (0.S.)
dialog: I’1l dance.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, CORRIDORS/“MIRRORED” STUDIO -- DAY
text: Olga, bag in hand, comes back down the stairs. Alberta is no
text: longer there. Olga hesitates, as if confused.
text: OLGA’S POV: Outside the window, she can see a slice of the
text: street in front of the company. People pass by in their suits
dialog: and autumn coats. That's where she wants to go, but she stag-
text: gers the slightest bit and then heads in the wrong direction,
text: further into the school.
text: There is no one on this floor that she can see. She proceeds
text: as if in fog, her hands up as if she is having trouble seeing
text: or concentrating. She turns down a second corridor, further
text: away from the front of the building.
text: Finally, she turns into a studio fully lined with framed mir-
text: rors floor to ceiling, and on the ceiling as well.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “IRIS” STUDIO -- DAY
text: Blanc turns to find who’s said this. It was Susie.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I know it.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Susie.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: It was in the documentary. I’ve
dialog: watched it a hundred times at the
dialog: library. I know this dance.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Darling. We rehearsed it for ten
dialog: months before performing it.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I've seen it performed in person,
dialog: too. In New York.
text: Everyone is cringing for Susie at this point. But she doesn’t
text: back down.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Well. If you want to try, go ahead,
text: Blanc moves to her. When she gets to her she says, ina
text: concerned tone, more discreetly.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: You've already impressed us.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I know this.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: You're very sure?
text: Susie nods. Behind them, Tanner looks increasingly agitated.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: First do it alone then. We don’t
dialog: want to put the others at risk. The
dialog: last thing we need is someone to
text: get kicked in the ribs.
text: Susie nods and goes out onto the floor. She readies herself,
text: waits for the drum beat, and then begins. It’s bold, precise,
text: but also wild. Blanc looks at Tanner, then calls out:
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Stop.
text: Susie does, half-sure she is about to be dismissed. Blanc
text: goes to Susie and gets on her knees. She takes Susie’s left
text: foot and presses her thumb up into the arch.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: Clear your head. I want you to
dialog: start over. Are you stretched? This
dialog: is no joke.
text: Susie nods. Blanc takes her right foot and does the same
text: gesture. Then she does it to each of Susie’s hands. It is a
text: hybrid of a massage and something --ambiguous. When she’s
text: done, Susie looks at her hand.
text: SUSIE'S POV: The imprints of Blanc's thumbs are still white
text: marks on the back of Susie's hand. Like a “T".
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “MIRRORED” STUDIO -- DAY
text: Olga is looking through the haze of her mesmerization for a
text: way out of the room. The door she came in must have shut, but
text: she can see no opening in any wall. No handle.
dialog: 29.
text: All she can see is her tiny figure caught in reflections ec-
text: hoing back and forth to infinity.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “IRIS” STUDIO -- DAY
text: Now Blanc steps back, way back. She takes a different posi-
text: tion this time, and as she does, Tanner moves into a new posi-
text: tion. The two women make a triangle now, with Susie as its
dialog: vertex.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Remember, start on one with the mus-—
dialog: ic. If you feel ill, stop at once.
text: It’s an odd thing to say, but Susie has to get her mind in-
text: side what’s about to happen. She nods at Blanc. She’s ready.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: And--
text: Susie and the music begin.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “MIRRORED” STUDIO -- DAY
text: Olga is lost in the reflections. She can only slowly look
text: from one to the other, studying them for a chink, something
dialog: that can indicate a way out.
text: As she turns again, her head snaps back with the force of an
text: invisible blow. For a moment, she sees the center of a blue
text: iris. The blow is so powerful it dislocates one side of her
text: jaw out of its hinge. She makes a terrified sound.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “IRIS” STUDIO -- DAY
text: Susie pulls her leg back from a kick, but does not lunge, it
text: was a hard kick. She then moves into a series of turns that
text: set up the next kick. When she kicks out--
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “MIRRORED” STUDIO -- DAY
text: Olga’s throat is punched in, as is the scream it shocks out
text: of her. The SOUND she makes instead is horrible to hear. She
text: goes to her knees, one hand on her crushed windpipe.
text: A pair of successive blows breaks ribs and cracks her stern-
text: um. All of the damage is happening under her skin. There is
text: no blood, just agony. She is trying to cry out, but can only
text: make a horrible MEWLING sound. The next kick dislocates a
dialog: shoulder.
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “IRIS” STUDIO -- DAY
text: Susie is giving the dance everything she has. It is violent
text: and beautiful to watch. Blanc shoots out a hand and snaps to
dialog: Danielle, hissing:
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Keep up--
text: Miss Tanner is watching, arms folded, like a proud Papa.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: Brava brava brava--
text: The force of Susie’s movements is being intensified exponenti-
text: ally somehow and transferred to Olga. INTERCUT between the
dialog: two studios:
text: We watch Susie move through the rest of the solo. Olga moves
text: from being beaten to being pulverized. As muscles are separa-
text: ted from bone, and bones are broken, her silhouette becomes
text: increasingly uncanny.
text: We see Olga’s, Susie’s, and Blanc’s eyes in close up. Olga is
text: in trauma, Susie is in ecstacy, and Blanc has a melancholy in
text: her expression. She takes no joy, apparently, in this via do-
dialog: lorosa.
text: Olga’s form ceases to look human, though it is not yet finish-
dialog: ed being alive.
text: Finally, Susie finishes the dance and has to sit immediately
text: on the floor to keep from vomiting. For a moment no one helps
text: her, so astonished are they. Then Blanc get down on her knees
text: at Susie’s side.
scene_heading: INTERCUTS END.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: It’‘ll pass. You’re not the first
text: dancer to lose the room.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I’m not usually dizzy.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: It’s my fault. I couldn’t help my-
dialog: self. Sara-- take her upstairs now.
dialog: She can spend the day there.
dialog: (getting up, to Susie)
dialog: A collapse is a vocational hazard
dialog: I'm afraid.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I didn’t collapse.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: You’re on the floor. And that’s not
dialog: how the dance ends, cher.
text: Susie gets up on her own. She’s defensive for some reason.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I was trying not to throw up in
dialog: your studio.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Susie, it’s all right! It was won-
dialog: derful. I'll send Miss Vendegast
dialog: with your lunch early. You’re pro-
dialog: bably jet-lagged as well.
text: Sara and Susie head for the door. When they are out of ear-
dialog: shot, Sara whispers:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: That was fucking incredible--
text: The other girls all watch them leave. Madame Blanc says to
dialog: Miss Tanner, lightly:
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: What a surprise. Olga always made
dialog: that piece look like such heavy
dialog: lifting.
text: The comment has its intended effect. The girls look inspired.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, SUSIE’S ROOM -- DUSK
text: Susie is in her room, unpacking. She looks a little hollowed
text: out from the events of the afternoon.
text: She can hear the other girls going about their evening rou-
text: tines. Someone is hanging a poster. There is HAMMERING. She
dialog: can hear her own name now and then as well, but not what’s
text: being said about her. She steps to the closed door to listen,
text: but there is a KNOCK and Miss Vendegast comes in with a tray
text: of lidded plastic cups.
text: All have been labelled with initials. Most are full of urine.
speaker_heading: MISS VENDEGAST
dialog: How are you feeling, Susie?
dialog: 32.
text: Miss Vendegast hands her a cup with her initials on it.
speaker_heading: MISS VENDEGAST (CONT’D)
dialog: We do this several times a year.
dialog: Unannounced. I need you to fill it.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I just went a little while ago--
speaker_heading: MISS VENDEGAST
dialog: Half is fine.
text: Susie takes the cup and goes into the little WC in the hall.
text: She closes the door and gets ready to try to fill it. Miss
text: Vendegast hums to cover the noise.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, RESIDENTS’ WC -- DUSK
text: Susie holds the cup and tries to pee. The WC is tiny.
speaker_heading: MISS VENDEGAST (0.S.)
dialog: I've also brought the residency
dialog: forms we'll need you to read and
dialog: sign. I leave them in your room--
text: Then memory comes to Susie, forcefully:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OHIO FARMHOUSE -- DAY
text: Work is being done on the house, shingles are HAMMERED into
text: place. A gaggle of Mennonite girls can be seen playing “Crack
text: the Whip” outside, laughing in their pastel dresses.
text: There are CARNAL MURMURINGS coming from inside the house, out
text: one of the window screens. The girls hear it and come over to
dialog: peer inside.
text: GIRL’S POV: Young Susie's feet are extending out of the clo-
text: set. She is lying inside, masturbating.
text: One of the girls runs to fetch someone. In a moment, Susie’s
text: mother comes in and finds her.
text: SUSIE'S MOTHER is younger here, healthy, not the ravaged wo-
text: man from the opening credits. Susie (13) is lying on her back
text: with her Mennonite dress pulled up, bonnet off.
text: Susie’s mother reaches in and yanks Susie up by her hair.
text: Susie steadies herself on the door jamb. Susie’s sisters look
text: on in horror from the window. Some of the men have come down
text: off the roof as well to see what’s going on.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: It’s all a rhythm, Momma. You draw
dialog: it with your fingers--
text: Susie’s mother sees her fingers in the crack in the thin,
text: slatted closet door and pistons it shut. Susie pulls her hand
text: free and holds it to her mouth, but even then her eyes smile
text: into her mother’s blast of shame.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, RESIDENTS’ WC -- DUSK
text: In the little WC, Susie thinks of this while her urine begins
text: to FLOW into the cup.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, SUSIE’S ROOM -- DUSK
text: CLOSE ON: Susie places her urine sample with the others.
speaker_heading: MISS VENDEGAST (0.S.)
dialog: If you feel up to it, Madame Blanc
dialog: invites you to join her for dinner
dialog: in an hour. Shall I tell her you’1l
dialog: come?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “MIRRORED” STUDIO -- DUSK
text: The lights are still on in the mirrored studio. Olga’s re-
text: mains lie on the floor. One eye peers up out of the uncanny
text: mess. A single drop of blood stains it.
text: Blanc and several other MATRONS watch as MISS HOLZMANN (40s)
text: and MISS COTUGNO (50s) place silver hooks under Olga’s arms
text: to drag her out of the room.
text: It’s clear from Blanc’s expression that the damage caused to
text: Olga is worse than what she’d expected. Tanner comes to her
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: She couldn’t have known what she
dialog: was doing--
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: No. She just carried more current
dialog: than we expected. She’s a natural,
dialog: that one.
text: Madame Blanc is trying to contain her own excitement now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, SITTING ROOM -- DUSK
text: Dr. Klemperer sits in his office, staring in the middle dis-
text: tance. The last light in the sky is fading. The framed photo
text: of his wife smiles at him. He’s got Patricia’s pale notebook
text: open on his desk.
scene_heading: We see names we know--M. BLANC, SARA, OLGA, HELENA MARKOS--
dialog: and names we do not. It is also jammed with little exhibits
dialog: from Patricia's life--ticket stubs from concerts, newspaper
text: clippings about terrorist actions around Berlin, more than a
text: few programs from dance performances.
text: One section has drawings of some iconographic symbols, as if
text: from some vulgar religion. It is this symbology that unset-
dialog: tles Klemperer most.
text: He closes the notebook and picks up the phone. He dials.
speaker_heading: VOICE ON PHONE
dialog: << Police. What is the nature of
dialog: your call? >>
text: Klemperer looks on the verge of hanging up, but he does not.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: << I’m reporting a young woman who
dialog: may be missing. >>
speaker_heading: VOICE ON PHONE
dialog: << Hold the line. >>
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, STAIRS AND CORRIDORS -- NIGHT
text: Miss Vendegast guides Susie down two flights of stairs and
text: into the staff section of the building. They talk along the
text: way, but the acoustics of the building muffle it. Miss Ven-
text: degast knocks on Blanc’s door.
text: After a moment, Blanc answers, wearing now a Japanese silk
text: tunic. She is smiling when she opens the door, but when she
text: sees Susie, it fades.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: You don’t look better. Or are you
dialog: this pale all the time--?
text: Blanc nods at Miss Vendegast, who goes, and lets Susie in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, BLANC’S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: Madame Blanc’s office is a Beaux-Arts beauty. Its curved
text: walls are painted with a long Japanese garden. A small table
text: is laid with dinner, which Susie and Blanc are finishing.
text: An arch leads into a dark, smaller circular room that must be
text: Blanc’s private studio. Light from the office glints off some
text: kind of lacquered screens there.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: It’s different from being Amish,
dialog: then?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Yes. The Amish split from the Menno-
dialog: nites in the 17th century.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: They worried the Mennonites were be-
dialog: coming too liberal. But they still
dialog: believe many of the same things.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Such as?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Adult baptism. Plain clothing. Non-
dialog: resistance.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: “They”? Not “we”? Have you left re-
dialog: ligious thinking behind you?
text: Susie offers a small nod.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
text: Oligarchs writing for patriarchs.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You don’t like to talk about this.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I don’t know why we are.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: I find it hard not to be curious
dialog: about you. In two days you’ve man-
dialog: aged to audition, be accepted, and
dialog: dance a lead.
text: Blanc smiles.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not trying to make you self-con-
dialog: scious.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I came here to dance.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: But how’ve you even heard of us?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I went to New York. To the Martha
dialog: Graham Center. I saw you there
dialog: three times.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Your parents took you?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I went by bus once and hitchhiked
dialog: the other times.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Wasn’t that dangerous?
text: Susie shrugs.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: Were you punished for it?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Of course.
text: A beat. Blanc is moved. She takes Susie’s hand for a moment.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: That's extraordinary.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You were right to insist on an
dialog: audition.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I’m lucky you’re doing VOLK. Some
dialog: of the choreographies makes sense
dialog: to me, some doesn’t. I remember the
text: ones that make sense. WHITE STAR
dialog: does. This does. All the solos from
speaker_heading: XENOS-—
text: An odd beat.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: All mine.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: How did it feel to dance Volk today
dialog: in front of the one who made it?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I don’t know how to put it--
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Actually, don’t. That’s a vain
dialog: question. Let me ask a different
dialog: one: While you danced it, what was
dialog: happening inside you-- in your
dialog: body?
dialog: Susie thinks.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: It felt like what I think it must
dialog: feel like to fuck.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: (curious, but unfazed)
dialog: Do you mean fuck a man?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: No. I was thinking of an animal.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: You looked joyful. In pain, but in
dialog: joy as well.
text: Susie nods. A long beat. Blanc smiles, sincerely.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: We don’t teach dance here, Susie.
dialog: We assume dancers come trained. You
dialog: are not. I don’t exactly understand
dialog: what you are yet, but I will ask Ca-
dialog: roline to help you with your jumps
dialog: and leaps. Yours are nowhere near
dialog: good enough yet. We must build you
dialog: up now.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: So I can dance the VOLK protagon-
dialog: ist when you perform it?
text: A beat. Blanc leans back in her chair.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: I’ll have to see you do that level
dialog: of dancing again and again. The sim-
text: plicity of the choreography is an
dialog: illusion. It’s intuitive to watch
dialog: and painful to do.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: We perform next month. I’1l have to
dialog: grind you to get there in time.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I can do it.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: I don’t have many options,
dialog: actually. And I’d rather have some-
dialog: one on who’s messy, but alive than
dialog: another Olga. She was a matryoshka
dialog: doll with legs. I’m relieved she’s
dialog: gone.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Thank you for your help in that.
text: Blanc watches Susie’s reaction closely, but there doesn’t
text: seem to be any complicity in it. Just grateful excitement.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, SUSIE’S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: When Susie gets back to her room, Sara pokes her head in.
text: Susie motions her to come in and close the door behind her.
text: She grabs Sara’s hands.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I didn’t know it was going to be
dialog: like this! She’s so nice.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And she wants me to dance in VOLK.
dialog: The protagonist!
text: Sara nods, but with less energy than Susie was expecting.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Yes. I’m fine. I was just thinking
dialog: about Olga. --About what she said
dialog: today.
dialog: Susie remembers.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I’m sorry. I’m on my own little
dialog: shooting star today. When everyone
dialog: is so upset--
text: Sara looks at Susie.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: If I asked you for a favor tomor-
dialog: row, would you do it?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We might get caught.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, STAFF KITCHEN -- NIGHT
text: In the staff kitchen, Tanner and a few of the other matrons
text: are finishing their own dinners.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: << Things can be honed. Blanc is go-
text: ing to work out another approach.
dialog: How could we have known what would
dialog: happen? What we are attempting has-—
dialog: n’t been done in living memory. >>
speaker_heading: MISS KAPLITT
dialog: << How do we know it will work at
dialog: all? If it killed one girl, it may
dialog: kill any we try. >>
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: << Patricia was unwilling. Blanc
dialog: believes that is the key. >>
speaker_heading: MISS KAPLITT
dialog: << It was more than that. >>
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: << No. We should not have forced
dialog: it. What a fool. What we offered
dialog: her! She wanted to blow up depart-
dialog: ment stores instead. >>
text: Miss Huller, smoking a cigarette over her pork chop, says:
speaker_heading: MISS HULLER
dialog: << How do we know no one’s planning
dialog: to blow us up, too. Patricia might
dialog: have said anything to anyone about
dialog: us. Anyone might have followed her
dialog: here. >>
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: << If she did, we’ll know. We can-
dialog: not despair. We have time yet. >>
text: From the other end of the table, MISS MARKS (50s) speaks up.
speaker_heading: MISS MARKS
dialog: << How much time? The vote was a
dialog: mistake.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: MISS MARKS (CONT'D)
dialog: If Markos dies before we can figure
dialog: this out, we are finished. >>
text: Several of the women are made frightened by this conversa-
dialog: tion.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: << Markos has strength left in her.
dialog: She will wait until we find another
dialog: girl. >>
speaker_heading: MISS MARKS
dialog: << You’ve seen her! She has disease
dialog: stacked atop disease. How long can
dialog: she possibly hold on? >>
text: Without warning, Miss Griffith, the secretary from the front
text: office, takes a knife from the table and cuts her own throat.
text: The women on either side of her cannot stop her in time. A
text: shocked beat. Then everyone moves at once to lay her down and
text: put pressure on the bleeding. Someone elevates her legs. Miss
text: Griffith looks up at them all as the life drains out of her,
text: already shivering.
speaker_heading: MISS MILLIUS
dialog: << Stay with us! Please, stay! >>
text: Tanner shouts to the women closest to the door.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: << Find Blanc now! >>
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, SUSIE’S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Susie is sleeping, deep in a dream. Her breathing is not the
text: only BREATHING in the room.
scene_heading: INT. CATACOMBS -- NIGHT (DREAM)
text: Susie walks through catacombs in her dream. A font of pure
text: white FLAME lights up the bony corridors as she goes. Her
text: feet are bare. Bodies, bent to every attitude--or collected
dialog: and stored by part--line every inch of wall and ceiling, all
text: leathery, all still.
text: She goes from chamber to chamber. If something catches her
text: eye, she approaches, no matter if it is low or high up it is.
text: Physics don’t matter here. She peers into the face of a dres-—
text: sed bride hung from the ceiling. She peers into the faces of
text: a row of young boys seated on the floor along the wall, all
text: dressed in woolen suits and caps.
dialog: 41.
text: All the while, the FONT leads her to the sound of HER OWN
text: BREATHING.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MARKOS COMPANY -- DAWN
text: The street is empty in the early, frosty morning. At the
text: front door of the company stand DETECTIVES HALLE (40) and DE-
text: TECTIVE MOSER (60). They’ve knocked. They stomp their feet to
text: stay warm and Moser knocks again. In a moment, the door is
text: opened by Miss Vendegast.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE HALLE
dialog: << Good morning, Ma’‘am. We'd like
dialog: to talk to someone in charge, Mrs.
dialog: Markos if she’s here, about a girl
dialog: named--
dialog: (looking at his notepad)
dialog: Hingle. Patricia Hingle. >>
text: Miss Vendegast says nothing, but he responds as if she has.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE HALLE (CONT’D)
dialog: << Someone named “Blanc,” then. >>
speaker_heading: MISS VENDEGAST
dialog: << Yes. I am she. Why don’t you fol-
dialog: low me inside? >>
text: She stands aside to let them in and they disappear inside the
dialog: building marked “Tanz.”
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, STAIRCASE/CORRIDORS -- DAY
text: Sara leads Susie down to the first level, past rooms where
text: members of the Corps are rehearsing with the répétiteurs, and
text: then further into the building. They come down a corridor and
text: hear some LAUGHTER coming from a further office, but the rest
text: of the floor is quiet. They find a door marked:
dialog: “Miss Martincin, Accountant”
dialog: “Miss Holzmann, Touring Director”
text: It is unlocked. They slip in and close the door silently be-
dialog: hind them.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, ACCOUNTANT’S OFFICE -- DAY
text: In a back room of the office, Sara and Susie move to an
text: alcove where there are half a dozen filing cabinets. They are
dialog: all locked.
dialog: 42.
text: Sara looks through the nearest desk and finds a nail file in
text: Miss Martincin’s drawer. She proceeds to slide it into a gap
text: above the drawer, find the latch, and nudge it open.
text: Susie keeps looking toward the door.
dialog: The first cabinet is not what they’re looking for. But the
text: second is personnel files, including a file for each dancer.
text: Sara quickly scans through them.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Patricia’s isn’t here anymore.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Try Olga’s.
text: Sara looks.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Everyone’s here but them.
text: Susie looks at through everything on Miss Martincin’s desk,
text: in her inbox, but there’s nothing.
text: Sara checks the Rolodex, flipping through the typed cards. A
text: bad reproduction of John Atkinson Grimshaw’s “The Lady of
text: Shalott II” hangs over the desk, ignoring them.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT’D)
dialog: I just need a number. For a parent--
dialog: or anyone who can tell us for sure
dialog: she’s not in Berlin.
text: Susie holds up a hand, hearing something. The BREAKFAST BELL.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Maybe Olga will come back on her
text: own, when she cools off.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Then why remove her file? As if she
dialog: was never here.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Blanc may not want her back even if
text: she does come.
text: A dead end. Sara shrugs, not happy. She tosses the nail file
text: back in the drawer and something catches her eye. She pulls
text: the desk drawer out even further and finds, in the back:
text: At least a dozen tubes of lipstick, worn to varying degrees.
text: And at least as many little eye shadows.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDORS, MARKOS COMPANY -- DAY
text: They come silently back out into the corridor. As they turn
text: to head back, another BURST OF LAUGHTER comes from a back of-
text: fice. There is something mocking in it.
text: Susie takes a step away from Sara to look discreetly around
text: the next corner. Through a door that’s half open, Susie can
text: see through one office into the next.
text: SUSIE'S POV: Detectives Halle and Moser stand expressionless
text: and naked before Miss Tanner, Miss Huller, and Miss Vende-
text: gast, their cocks hanging out. Moser's body is paunchy, with
text: a scar from a bullet wound on his side. Halle has tattoos
text: like a longshoreman and traces of an athletic past lost to
text: beer and schnitzel. Miss Huller steps into view behind Ven-
text: degast and Tanner. The women recline in their chairs, chat-
dialog: ting over what they like.
text: AN IMAGE flashes in Susie’s head next: Detective Halle raised
text: up in some kind of web. His mouth is covered with it, so he
text: is silent. He hangs in a restless void, in some kind of sus-
dialog: tained animal release.
text: Susie steps back out of view, jolted by these images. Sara
text: hasn’t seen what she’s seen, so Susie steers her back toward
text: the staircase to the first floor. Susie looks back once, but
dialog: says nothing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “IRIS” STUDIO -- DAY
text: Susie and Sara are in rehearsal. Caroline smokes between
text: them. Madame Blanc is walking among them. Miss Mandel and
dialog: Miss Millius are also there.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Now that you’re warmed up, I want
dialog: to tell you some news that might ex-
dialog: cite you: In addition to putting on
dialog: VOLK this fall, we will start work-
dialog: ing on something new. Of my own.
text: This causes a frisson of excitement among the dancers.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: And there’s no protagonist in this
dialog: dance. Instead, we have five equal
dialog: main parts, and an equal number of
dialog: secondary parts. Today, we'll im-
dialog: provise, by my direction, with Mis-—
dialog: ses Mandel and Millius.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: Caroline, Sonia, and Sara also come
dialog: up. You are the five.
text: Caroline, Sara, and Sonia step forward. Susie watches, wait-
text: ing, already knowing there will be something for her.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: Susie you will improvise with no
dialog: direction. I’m interested in your
dialog: instincts here. Consider yourself a
text: radical libre, moving around the
dialog: others as you choose.
text: Susie comes forward. Everyone around her is experiencing a
text: shift in attitude about her. The creator has chosen her muse
dialog: and, as members of a company, the others must abide. But one
dialog: can feel how badly they wanted it to be them, to be close to
text: Blanc, and if not her, than close now to Susie.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: There are basic nine movements to
dialog: use. Miss Mandel will show you--
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: What is the piece called?
speaker_heading: . BLANC
scene_heading: “OFFNEN WEIDER." “OPEN AGAIN."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: All six dancers are in motion. The five principals are ina
text: formation, a kind of rotating crown, pulsing in and out.
text: Susie darts among them. Within her improvisation, she finds
text: herself paying increasing attention to the floor. She comes
text: to one particular spot, dances over it, comes to it again.
text: Finally, she finds herself reaching out to it, touching the
text: spot, putting her torso on it, then her face. It’s strange.
text: Blanc is watching her closely, wondering what could be prompt-
text: ing this. Then it dawns on her. She shoots a look at Tanner,
text: who levels a mildly defiant look back. Then Blanc looks back
text: at the spot on the floor.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, BLANC’S OFFICE -- DAY
text: Blanc has brought Miss Tanner to her office. She is enraged.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: << You should have told me. >>
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: << Why? Mother wanted it. She
dialog: wanted to feel Susie for herself.
dialog: Be in the same space. >>
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: << I thought we agreed to stop
dialog: using that title. >>
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: << Markos is and will always be our
dialog: Mother. >>
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: << It’s offensive. If Markos was
dialog: truly a Mother, we wouldn’t need to
dialog: save her life. >>
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: << You should have told her about
dialog: Miss Bannion yourself. Now Mother
dialog: wants her. >>
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: << And if Miss Bannion doesn’t want
dialog: Markos? Are we to waste another
dialog: girl so quickly? >>
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: << You mean waste another dancer.
dialog: You were going to keep her for your-
dialog: self, Blanc. Or is it that you
dialog: don’t want Markos to survive? >>
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: << I want what’s best for all. >>
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: << Everyone voted. You are not the
dialog: light we chose to follow. If Markos
dialog: wants this girl, you must prepare
dialog: her. >>
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: << Markos will live. We found the
dialog: girl in time. >>
dialog: 
text: A beat. It’s not exactly how she would put it.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: << I won’t rush again. I will tell
text: Markos when the girl is ready. She
dialog: must be made to be willing. I will
dialog: not do it any other way. >>
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY/RESIDENTS’ CORRIDOR, MARKOS COMPANY -- DAY
text: After rehearsal, Susie and Sara walk back to their corridor.
text: Susie is a little disturbed.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Something in the sequence-- the
dialog: ones-to-twos. I’ve never seen her
dialog: use those moves that way before.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It’s exquisite. The whole thing.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Did anything-- happen to you dur-
dialog: ing it?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: You didn’t feel someone there?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Someone?
text: Susie considers this. She says, more to herself.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: It was Markos.
text: A beat. Sara looks at her.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What made you say that?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (louder than she means)
dialog: So why say it?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I didn’t mean to make you upset--
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It’s just--
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It’s the sort of thing Patricia
dialog: would say. Don’t start bugging out
dialog: at nothing, too. I couldn’t handle
dialog: it.
text: They get to their floor and stop at the top of the stairs.
dialog: 47.
text: Suddenly there is a SCREAM in one of the room. EXCITED PANIC.
text: Sara and Susie go toward it, alarmed. They see girls racing
dialog: to their rooms.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT’D)
dialog: What’s going on?!
text: One of the dancers, MARKETA (20s), tells them, breathlessly.
speaker_heading: MARKETA
dialog: Bowie’s doing a surprise concert
dialog: tonight at S036! For “Helden”! It
dialog: was just on the radio--
dialog: (almost hysterical)
dialog: If we stand a chance of getting in
dialog: we've got to go now!
text: Sara runs for her room. Sonia and Caroline come marching down
text: the hall in ruffled coats, all glossed up now. Sonia screams:
speaker_heading: SONIA
text: “THE FUTURE BELONGS TO THOSE WHO
dialog: CAN HEAR IT COMING!!!"
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLUB SO36 -- NIGHT
text: The girls are crammed into the intimate venue, under racks of
text: hot lights, thirty feet from DAVID BOWIE (30), who is in the
dialog: middle of “Beauty and the Beast.”
speaker_heading: DAVID BOWIE
dialog: That's my kind of highroad, gone
dialog: wrong. My-my, smile at least. You
dialog: can't say no to the Beauty and the
dialog: Beast.
text: The crowd is hopping up and down the beat, more of less in
text: unison. The others are ecstatic, but Susie is having trouble
text: staying in the moment. She’s hearing BREATHING, SIGHS, even
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: DAVID BOWIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Something in the night. Something
dialog: in the day. Nothing is wrong. But
dialog: something's in the way.
text: She covers her ears, but the SIGHS remain.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN, STREET -- NIGHT
text: The girls walk home from the concert, excited, sated. They
text: come to a platz across which they can see cafes. Sara notices
text: the dance matrons sitting outside one and points.
dialog: THEIR POV: Madame Blanc, Miss Tanner, Miss Millius, Miss Man-
text: del, Miss Huller, Pavla, Miss Vendegast, and a few others,
text: are gathered around cafe tables pushed together, having an ev-
text: ening as well. They are brazenly unfashionable. All of Berlin
text: goes on around them, taking no notice.
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN, CAFE -- NIGHT
text: None of the women turn to look at the girls across the
text: street, but they know they are there. Madame Blanc tells the
dialog: others:
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: << It’s good for her to see us like
dialog: this. That we’re still part of the
dialog: world. >>
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: (casually)
dialog: << She’s already seen a lot. >>
speaker_heading: MISS MILLIUS
dialog: << Seen with her heart. Maybe she
dialog: even senses what’s coming. It’s not
dialog: far off now. >>
speaker_heading: MISS MANDEL
dialog: << What about the witness? It is
dialog: not too early to discuss this.
dialog: Who'll be our witness there? >>
speaker_heading: MISS MILLIUS
dialog: << One of our new friends from the
dialog: Polizei? >>
speaker_heading: MISS HULLER
dialog: << I like the younger one. >>
text: They laugh all over again. Miss Huller is a bit more serious
dialog: about the question.
speaker_heading: MISS HULLER (CONT’D)
dialog: << We’re forgetting. We already
dialog: have a witness. >>
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, SARA'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: The muffled sound of WOMEN LAUGHING, returning from a night
text: out, can be heard in Sara’s room. Sara is not quite asleep.
text: She hears it. It sounds like it’s coming from the opposite
text: direction than the hallway, though.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, SUSIE’S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Susie is deeply, almost hypnotically, asleep now, deep in a
dialog: dream.
scene_heading: INT. MUTTERHAUS, THE ROOM OF HOLES -- NIGHT (DREAM)
text: Susie is naked, sitting on the floor, legs spread, knees up,
text: chest-to-back in a tight line with the other girls. She can’t
text: move her arms. She looks and sees the floor is full of smooth
text: holes cut out of the wooden studio floor. Women are reaching
text: up from below through the holes to hold the girls’ wrists so
text: they cannot get up.
text: The room is enormous and dim, but Susie can see other matrons
text: around them, staying a few steps back. The other girls are
text: getting increasingly panicked. Some are crying, begging to be
dialog: let free.
text: A sound is in the room with them. A wet, diseased breathing.
text: At the front of the line, a woman floats forward. She is
text: three feet off the ground. She spreads her robes and her hea-
text: vyset, aged torso can be vaguely seen in the dark. Something
text: is dripping from between her legs. As she levitates over the
text: first girl--robes sliding over the girl’s shoulders--the girl
text: turns her face away from the dripping coming from above, re-
text: pulsed and afraid. So does the next girl, and the next. The
text: women on the periphery are chanting in the whisper:
speaker_heading: WITCHES
dialog: “Mother Is! Mother Is! Mother Is!”
text: Susie is trying to fight down her own panic. She’s shaking.
text: The Mother approaches just overhead. Susie makes a decision:
text: She throws back her head, opens her mouth, sticks out her ton-
dialog: gue to receive the blood.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUSIE'S ROOM, MARKOS COMPANY -- NIGHT
text: Susie shouts, with urgency and defensiveness:
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I know who I am. I KNOW who I AM!
dialog: 50.
text: Sara is suddenly there, shaking Susie awake.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It’s all right. It’s all right!
text: Susie is awake in a snap, able to separate things quickly.
text: Caroline and another dancer, DOLL (30) stick their sleepy
text: faces in as well.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Is she all right?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Just a nightmare.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: The Markos Company special. I’m
dialog: surprised it took this long.
text: They disappear from the door.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I’m sorry. I’m-- Did I wake you up?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I was coming back from the toilet.
dialog: You scared the hell out of me,
dialog: though.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Move over.
text: A beat before she realizes Sara is serious. Susie scoots over
text: to make room in the bed.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I never had a sleepover. Just my
dialog: sisters--
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Well, we’re sisters now aren’t we?
text: Sara closes her eyes, happy, and tries to fall back into it.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: First one back to sleep wins.
text: Susie keeps her eyes open, alert. She’s jolted. And learning.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EAST BERLIN, FRIEDRICHSTRABE -- DAY
text: Klemperer sits at his small fountain in the stonework, finish-
text: ing his breakfast ritual. He gets up and says to the air:
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: << Tomorrow, then. >>
scene_heading: INT. TRANENPALAST -- DAY
text: Klemperer waits to come back into West Berlin in the Soviet-
text: run “Palace of Tears,” named so for all the tearful goodbyes
text: of family, friends, and lovers separating again to two sides
text: of a wall that may not permit any further reunions.
dialog: Klemperer, who does not have this particular kind of tears,
text: just waits to be let through.
scene_heading: INT. BUNDESKRIMINALAMT, WAITING AREA -- DAY
text: Back in West Berlin, Klemperer waits in the reception area of
text: a Federal Criminal Police Station. The waiting room is pack-
dialog: ed.
text: A TELEVISION hanging from the ceiling shows footage of the
text: hijacked Lufthansa at yet another airport. Now it’s in Mogadi-
dialog: shu.
text: Klemperer sits in front of a row of posters with a BKA logo
text: at the top and the headline “TERRORISTEN.” They feature pho-
text: tos of dozens and dozens of men and women, some with names,
text: others with question marks. Some are crossed out. There’s a
text: photo that looks a lot like Patricia, which is not crossed
dialog: out.
scene_heading: INT. BUNDESKRIMINALAMT, AGENT'S OFFICE -- DAY
text: Klemperer sits down with BKA AGENT ALBRECHT (40) and AGENT
text: GLOCKNER (40). Any person passing in the hall causes the a-
text: gents to glance up as if they are waiting to be summoned to
text: breaking news. But each person passes by.
text: A crucifix hangs on the wall. One of the Agents is a religi-
dialog: ous man.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: << The officers said they found no-
dialog: thing amiss. But I-- feel, perhaps,
dialog: they never went. >>
speaker_heading: AGENT ALBRECHT
dialog: << It’s not really your place to
dialog: speculate on that. Do we agree? >>
dialog: Klemperer knows how to respond to questions like these. He
text: looks at the desk and nods.
speaker_heading: AGENT ALBRECHT (CONT’D)
dialog: << You say it’s a dance school? >>
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: << Not a school, but yes, for dance-
dialog: rs. >>
speaker_heading: AGENT ALBRECHT
dialog: << She’d been threatened there? >>
text: Klemperer thinks for a moment how to answer.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: << I think it’s more. She had a de-
dialog: lusion about there being a coven of
dialog: witches at the company. She had
dialog: this delusion for months. >>
dialog: (beat)
dialog: << At the center was a woman she
dialog: called “Mother Markos.” It only
dialog: just occurred to me since she has
dialog: been missing that her delusion
dialog: could be real. >>
text: Agent Glockener smiles, irritated. Klemperer does not.
speaker_heading: AGENT ALBRECHT
dialog: << You believe in witches, Doctor?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you understand the kind of week
dialog: we're having? >>
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: << Not the element about witches,
dialog: but the one about a organization
dialog: operating in secret. >>
text: This pulls the agents’ attention in. They stop tracking
dialog: what’s going on in the corridor and give Klemperer their full
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER (CONT’D)
dialog: << I’ve written the names of women
dialog: she mentioned specifically. >>
text: He pulls a slip from his wallet and gives it to them. We see
text: the names “Mandel,” “Millius,” “Huller,” “Tanner,” “Blanc”
dialog: and, of course “Markos.”
speaker_heading: AGENT ALBRECHT
dialog: << And Miss Hingle. Did she have
dialog: political affiliations, too? >>
text: Klemperer lies with ease about this.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: << Not to my knowledge.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I just want to be certain she is
dialog: safe. >>
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUNDESKRIMINALAMT, CORRIDOR -- DAY
text: Agent Glockner escorts Klemperer out.
speaker_heading: AGENT GLOCKNER
dialog: << You did right to come. If you
dialog: see Miss Hingle call us immediate-
dialog: ly. But we’ll look into this. >>
text: Klemperer says through a joyless smile:
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: << This isn’t the first time we've
dialog: met, Agent Glockner. >>
text: Glockner just looks at him, not making a connection.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER (CONT’D)
dialog: << You were a police officer in
dialog: Schéneberg, yes? You helped me try
dialog: to locate my wife. >>
text: He looks at Klemperer, suspicious now.
speaker_heading: GLOCKNER
dialog: << Your wife also went missing? >>
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: << Two years before the Russian
dialog: charge. >>
text: Glockner’s suspicion fades and is replaced by a kind of pity.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER (CONT’D)
dialog: << Anke Zisman. 1943. From the
dialog: records, you helped me cross off
dialog: Poland. I am still grateful. >>
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “IRIS” STUDIO -- DAY
text: The company is rehearsing “VOLK.” They dance a long portion
text: without stopping.
dialog: 54.
text: Some of the dancers are wearing different costume prototypes.
dialog: Miss Huller, the production designer, stands with Blanc, com-
dialog: menting on the nuances of each option.
text: Susie is refining every move. She is pushing out of a sa-
text: vant’s intuition into her choreographer’s intention.
text: All the dancers are tuned in, but getting exhausted. They
text: reach a place where Blanc calls a stop. She immediately comes
text: over to Susie to confer.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Part of a jump is muscle, and that
dialog: will improve as you condition, Su-
dialog: sie, but you have an aversion to
dialog: them and I don’t know why. You’re
dialog: happy to be stuck to the Earth?
text: Some of the dancers laugh. Susie does as well. She shakes her
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: There is a yield before the push
dialog: you aren’t quite understanding. Car-
dialog: oline-- Do a series, please. Susie
dialog: watch closely.
text: Caroline does several jumps in succession.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: Now you.
text: Susie attempts the same moves. They are not as high or as pre-
text: cisely articulated.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: What I really want is to be on the
dialog: floor here anyway.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Of course you do. You're mistaking
dialog: a limitation for an artistic prefer-
dialog: ence.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
text: At this point, the jumps are oppos-
dialog: ing the pull of the structure, but
dialog: it’s soon for that, no? The rolls
dialog: and ground moves are keeping the o-
dialog: ther dancers pushed down--
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This could echo that on a slightly
text: higher point of elevation.
dialog: 55.
text: Susie does a grotesque, fast crawling lope over the floor. It
text: is a truly strange movement. Blanc watches her, not defensive-
dialog: ly, but really listening.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: If I stayed close to the ground now
dialog: and went straight into the leaps
dialog: where you have them later, isn’t
dialog: that more to the point? The resis-—
dialog: tance is more desperate, no?
text: A beat as Blanc considers, then rejects this.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Your insight’s impressive. Your
dialog: interpretation, less so.
text: Susie waits for more, still catching her breath.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: This dance came out of living in
dialog: Berlin during the Reich, something
dialog: you have no way of climbing inside.
dialog: If you think I’m indicating levels
dialog: of resistance with levels of height
dialog: you've not only misunderstood the
dialog: dance, but my character as well.
text: Susie concedes with a nod.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: You may become a great choreogra-
dialog: pher. But not before you are a
dialog: great dancer. Let’s get you in the
dialog: air first.
dialog: (beginning again)
dialog: Allez!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: After rehearsal, the dancers pick up their things and begin
text: filing out. Blanc packs up her bag, her back to everyone. Sa-
dialog: ra goes to Susie.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: We're going to the Ufer for coffee.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: (without turning)
dialog: Susie, hold on a moment--
text: A beat. Susie looks at Blanc’s back, and shrugs to Sara. Sara
text: gives her a supportive smile and heads out with the others.
dialog: 56.
text: We then watch Blanc’s face in closeup We see the dancers lea-
text: ving over her shoulder.
text: As they go: Caroline collapses in the doorway and begins sei-
text: zing. Blanc turns and rushes to her side. She has to climb o-
text: ver Caroline's jerking legs and torso to get out in the hall
text: where the girl’s head is. Blanc keeps her from swallowing her
dialog: tongue.
text: The other dancers watch from both out in the hall and inside
text: the studio, alarmed, helpless.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, RESIDENCE CORRIDOR -- DAY
text: Sara, Sonia, and Marketa look in on Caroline. She’s propped
text: up in bed, with color in her cheeks. DR. BISCHOFFS (50s) is
text: there, consulting with Miss Vendegast.
text: The girls pull on their coats and head downstairs. Susie is
dialog: nowhere around.
scene_heading: EXT. MARKOS COMPANY -- DAY
text: Sara, Sonia, and Marketa come out into the sunlight and cold
text: and enter the flow of the sidewalk traffic.
speaker_heading: SONIA
text: She hit her head hard. I heard it.
dialog: I hope nothing comes of that.
speaker_heading: MARKETA
dialog: She doesn’t eat enough. We all tell
dialog: her.
text: They get only a quarter of a block before an old man stands
text: up from a bench and steps forward. It’s Dr. Klemperer.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: I'm looking for a dancer. From your
dialog: Markos company--
speaker_heading: MARKETA
dialog: Who are you looking for?
text: But he already knows the answer. He steps up to Sara.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: You are Sara?
dialog: 57.
text: Marketa and Sonia look at Sara, who is looking at Klemperer
text: trying to place him. She has no idea who he is.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, CORRIDOR -- DAY
text: Madame Blanc brings Susie a little further into the company.
text: Susie is doing an admirable job of hiding her nerves, having
text: no idea what is about to happen next. Blanc says, mildly:
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Certainly, part of the issue is--
dialog: and always is--not being able to
dialog: see your body in space. One angle,
text: in a mirror, or even on film, is
dialog: not enough.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “MIRRORED” STUDIO -- DAY
text: Blanc brings Susie into a small, pitch black studio and turns
text: on the lights. Susie sees reflections of herself and Blanc ev-
text: erywhere she turns. She smiles.
text: This is the same studio where Olga was killed. The parquet is
text: recently polished. The mirrors clean and streakless.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: There’s a reason the tour en l’air
dialog: is mostly given to men in ballet.
dialog: They have the strength to achieve
dialog: it. But it’s wrong to think of the
dialog: goal as height. The goal is having
dialog: enough space under you. Your two-to-
dialog: twos are very close to fine, but
dialog: the one-to-ones you have to think
dialog: of differently. Every movement that
dialog: takes air must be a coup de foudre.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I don’t understand what that means.
speaker_heading: BLANC
text: A strike of lightning! A bolt of
dialog: sudden love, actually. Graham used
dialog: to say: “Every dance is a fever
dialog: chart. A graph of the heart.”
text: Though she is explaining, Blanc is being more vulnerable than
text: a teacher would be. It carries a very light erotic charge.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: That’s beautiful. Your dances are
dialog: beautiful like that.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: No, Susie. Never. There are two
dialog: things dance cannot be anymore--
dialog: “cheerful,” and “beautiful.” We are
dialog: women, aren’t we. We must break the
dialog: nose of every beautiful thing.
text: Susie nods, trying to understand. She looks at the floor and,
text: for one moment, she sees the parquet in a jumble of pieces as
text: it must have looked when it was being laid, then rotting from
text: disrepair. These images come in a flash and then are gone. Su-
text: sie catches her breath.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: (directly)
dialog: If you’re going to dance, you must
dialog: learn one of the languages of
dialog: dance. It should be French. You’1l
dialog: never learn Russian if you’re only
dialog: starting now. You’d go insane--
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you warm enough here?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Yes, thank you.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Stretch if you need to. Otherwise
dialog: let's watch you jump, here, where
dialog: you can see every angle.
text: Susie readies herself and tries a jump. It is inches higher.
text: Blanc watches her closely to see if she understands what has
text: happened. Susie tries again and can feel the difference.
text: Susie is clearly understanding something. Something momentous
text: has happened. Her jumps look exactly like Caroline’s in their
text: form. They may in fact somehow be Caroline's.
text: This is a crucial moment and Blanc knows it. If Susie backs
text: away from what’s happening, all is lost. But Susie looks her
text: in the eye and tells her:
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: You see? Sometimes I only need to
dialog: be told twice.
text: Blanc’s relief is huge. She laughs, delighted, and in her
dialog: laugh, you can see the young woman she must’ve been at Su-
text: sie’s age. Susie can’t help but laugh as well.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: INT. BERLIN, CAFE IN THE TIERGARTEN -- DAY
text: Sara has accompanied Dr. Klemperer into the Tiergarten where
text: they sit at a window table that looks out onto the park.
text: ON A TV: The news is showing Lufthansa flight 181 on the air-
text: strip in Mogadishu. The dead body of one of the hostages is
text: unceremoniously tossed down to the tarmac.
text: The other patrons in the restaurant are watching this, their
text: backs to Klemperer and Sara.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: She said she was going to come back
dialog: for you. That she’d left a note--
text: Sara shakes her head, touched even in her confusion.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don’t know what to make of any of
dialog: this. I know the kind of thing she
dialog: was involved with, but I don’t see
dialog: how any of it could be happening in-
dialog: side the company.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: She describes it in terms of a revo-
dialog: lutionary movement in a moment of
text: crisis. A crisis of leadership, and
dialog: mandate. Stay underground, or come
text: out in force. Stasis, reinvestion,
dialog: or extinction.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I live there. I have friends there.
dialog: I don’t see any evidence of this at
dialog: all.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No one has ever approached me, or
dialog: any of the other girls as far as I
dialog: know--
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: Read this.
text: Klemperer takes out Patricia’s yellow notebook. He turns to a
text: particular passage and waits for Sara to read it. She does,
text: and then looks up at him in surprise.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: But this says “witches.”
text: Klemperer puts his hands together, as if grounding himself.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: Mother Markos. Mother Meinhoff.
dialog: Dance rehearsal, political action,
dialog: paranoia. In Patricia's life, these
dialog: things were of equal influence. And
dialog: that is how transferences happens,
dialog: how delusions are made. A delusion
text: is a truth that tells a lie, Sara.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Patricia’s fantasies might have
dialog: been her way of processing another
dialog: form of oppression or intellectual
dialog: manipulation.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: The company is a --family. There’s
dialog: a lot of love there.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: Love and anarchy have lived in the
dialog: same houses for centuries. They are
dialog: forever friends.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I sorry. I don’t see this.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: There may be things the police
dialog: missed. Patricia talks about whole
dialog: secret parts of the building. Actu-
dialog: al rooms that are hidden--
text: Sara looks at him, putting something together. But she dis-
text: misses it immediately.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER (CONT’D)
dialog: --where a chapter could meet, or a
dialog: cell could use as its base.
text: But Sara gets up and collects her purse.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER (CONT’D)
dialog: Miss--
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don’t want to be disrespectful,
dialog: Doctor. I don’t. But you’re asking
dialog: me and I’m telling you: It’s a
dialog: dance company. We are not talking
dialog: about anything else. I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: Look harder.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Thank you for caring about Patric-
dialog: ia. But I hope you don’t come
dialog: again.
text: She leaves. Klemperer can’t run after her, so he is forced to
text: watch her stride off. She doesn’t look back.
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN, TIERGARTEN -- DAY
text: Sara walks far enough away to be out of Klemperer’s view be-
text: fore she slows down again. She rubs her neck, looking very
text: unsure and alone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, BASEMENT LAUNDRY ROOM -- DAY
text: Sonia and Doll are in the company basement using the washing
text: machines in the costume department to do their personal wash.
text: Caroline is with them, back on her feet. They are talking o-
dialog: ver the NOISE of the machines.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: If they aren’t already, they will
dialog: be. I’ve never see Blanc take to a
dialog: girl like this.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Still, she is good.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: She's good, but she’s a péquenaud.
speaker_heading: SONIA
dialog: I heard she’s from some kind of re-
dialog: ligious family. From Pennsylvania--
text: Sonia glances behind her and sees Caroline is on the floor a-
text: gain, seizing even harder this time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN, POTZDAMER PLATZ -- DAY
text: Berliners coming home from work are treated to an odd site:
text: A dozen of the Markos company matrons have come out in start-
text: ling costumes of black crepe that begin high over their heads
text: and flow to the ground. Their faces are hidden.
dialog: 62.
text: They have put out the Markos Company’s insignia with a time
text: and date below it on the pavement and perform a public dance
text: to advertise the company’s performance of “VOLK,” happening
text: in one week’s time. They chant, to a SLOW DRUM:
speaker_heading: MATRONS
scene_heading: COME, COME, COME and SEE. COME and
text: SEE the DAUGHTERS.
text: As dance, it is something subtle and new. As an invitation,
text: it is a little unnerving. They do gather a crowd, however.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, RESIDENTS’ CORRIDOR -- NIGHT
text: Most of the dancers have gone to bed. It is just before mid-
dialog: night.
text: There are a few still brushing their teeth, brushing out
text: their hair for the night, writing letters. The last laugh of
text: the night can be heard, the last switching off of a RADIO.
text: One of two more doors shut for the night.
text: Sara down the corridor with her shower bucket and sees: There
text: is no light under Susie’s door. She almost knocks.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, SARA'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Sara sits up in her desk chair, trying not to fall asleep.
text: She nods off, then snaps awake. She pinches herself, hard. Fi-
text: nally, she hears what she has been waiting for: MUTED SOUNDS
text: and VOICES like the other night. She gets up and goes to put
text: her ear on the wall.
text: It's there, behind the wall. She moves to one corner and goes
text: on her knees to listen in the corner. It’s louder there. Then
text: the voices behind the wall pass the room. Sara marks the spot
text: where she’s listening and the quickly follows the voices.
text: They climbs up the wall until she loses them at the top of
text: the other side.
text: What’s hidden between her and Susie’s room is a stairway.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, RESIDENCE CORRIDOR -- NIGHT
text: Sara comes out to the corridor that links the two residents’
text: hallways. She stands at the midpoint between her room and Su-
text: sie’s. The shaded hall sconces are turned on low, but it’s e-
dialog: nough for her to see.
text: Starting at this midway point, she walks toward the shadowy
text: main stairway and counts her steps.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: --39. 40. 41. 42.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, CORRIDOR -- NIGHT
text: She comes down a floor and counts steps leading back in the
text: same direction. She hits a wall is inside the recessed door
text: of a big exercise room. The recess is deep, about four feet.
text: The stairway must keep descending.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, CORRIDOR -- NIGHT
text: She comes down one more floor and counts her 42 steps. She
text: ends up at the door to the “mirrored” studio.
text: The company isn’t heated as warmly at night and she is shi-
text: vering in just her nightgown. She goes in, but does not turn
text: on the light until she shuts the door behind her.
text: The light can be seen in the crack under the door.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “MIRRORED” STUDIO -- NIGHT
dialog: Sara knows more or less which mirrored section of wall to go
text: to from inferring where the secret stairs come down. She
text: tries pushing on it, pulling. She runs a finger as far into
text: the crack between mirrors as she can. Nothing moves or sug-
text: gests movement, until she tries the lip of the wainscotting,
text: which pulls up as if on a hinge. And then the whole wall pan-
text: el opens like a door.
scene_heading: INT. MUTTERHAUS, FIRST ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Sara has to open the door wide to let in the light from the
text: “mir-rored” studio enough to see. This is a small room with
text: elegant shelves on every wall.
text: On the shelves are not the stacks of anarchist fliers, lamina-
dialog: ting machines for fake documents, and firearms she might have
text: been expecting. What she finds are dozens of objects made of
dialog: silver or porcelain.
text: Some are figurative: a trio of women, some mythical beasts, a
text: dog. Some vaguely echo body parts and genitals. Some look to
dialog: be tools for some arcane function or another.
text: There is a smaller wooden door opposite the entrance which
text: must be where the staircase begins. Sara tries it, but this
text: one is locked. She can hear air rushing under the crack be-
text: neath it. The SOUND is hypnotic.
text: Feeling like she’s already overstayed a prudent amount of
text: time, she takes one of the objects from the shelves--a silver
text: hook--and steps back out into the studio.
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “MIRRORED” STUDIO -- NIGHT
text: She closes up the door and makes sure it’s flush with the
text: mirrored panel beside it. Then she hides the silver hook in
text: her nightgown, turns off the light and goes out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN, STREETS -- DAY
text: On the street, Berliners heading to work watch TELEVISIONS in
text: a display window. A German Special Forces unit boarded Luft-
dialog: hansa flight 181 in the night, killed three of the four hi-
text: jackers, and apprehended the last. The hostages are in the
text: air again, this time heading home to Germany where they will
dialog: be received with a heroes’ welcome.
scene_heading: INT. BERLIN, OFFICES -- DAY
text: Workers who have arrived early to their offices are gathered
text: around TELEVISIONS there when the news breaks that all of the
text: RAF prisoners at Mannheim Prison were just discovered dead in
text: their cells after an apparent “suicide pact.”
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, SONIA’S ROOM -- DAY
text: Dancers from the company are watching this news in their pa-
text: jamas, on a TELEVISION set Olga left behind. Some are crying.
dialog: Sonia says, to no one:
speaker_heading: SONIA
dialog: That’s it for Hanns-Martin Schley-
dialog: er. They’ve got no reason to return
text: him alive now.
dialog: Susie is the first to notice:
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Where’s Sara?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FRIEDRICHSTRABE -- DAY
text: Sara is following directions she’s written out. She turns off
text: a main street and into the little alley that ends at Klemper-
dialog: er’s building.
scene_heading: INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, KITCHEN -- DAY
text: Sara and Dr. Klemperer are in his study. Every now and then
text: Frau Sesame glances at them, but they’re far away and speak-
text: ing English. She sees Sara take an odd silver hook out of her
dialog: backpack.
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, SITTING ROOM -- DAY
text: Sara is listening to Klemperer intently.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: She wrote of “Three Mothers” lost
dialog: to time, predating all Christian in-
dialog: vention. Pre-Devil. They are the
dialog: source of all energy and chaos:
dialog: Mother Tenebrarum, Mother Lachryma-
dialog: rum, and Mother Suspiriorum. Dark-
text: ness, Tears, and Sighs.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I saw likenesses of them in the
dialog: room last night. In porcelain. Very
dialog: fine things. They have money.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: Patricia named Markos as a devotee
dialog: of the Three Mothers, and who, in
dialog: fact, thought she was one of them
text: for a time, but who is now ill and
dialog: dying.
text: Sara bites her thumbnail. She sees the photograph of Klemper-
text: er’s wife on the bookshelf. She takes it in, then looks away.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER (CONT’D)
dialog: Patricia thought they were trying
dialog: to recruit her. Groom her. For a
dialog: place in the matriarchy. That is
dialog: how Patricia described their goal:
dialog: Change violent enough to take us
dialog: back to a time of matriarchies. The
dialog: question was whether to enact this
dialog: change in moderation from the sha-
dialog: dows, or step into a new era of pub-
dialog: lic work and constant recruitment.
dialog: She talks about “Markosites” who
dialog: were for the formers and “Blanc-—
dialog: ites” who were for the later.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (horrified, disappointed)
dialog: Madame Blanc is involved in this?
text: Sara looks at the silver hook now lying on the table. In the
text: full light of day, it just seems bizarre.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT’D)
dialog: Do they think they are witches?
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: I do not believe in magic. People
dialog: can organize themselves to perpe-
dialog: trate an evil and call it magic.
dialog: That I can believe. And you can
dialog: give someone your delusion. That’s
dialog: religion-- That was the Reich--
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The Reich had these things, too.
text: Esoteric insignia. Esoteric ritual.
dialog: The important thing is that what
dialog: you found points to some kind of un-
dialog: derground organization inside the
dialog: company. These three “Mothers”
dialog: could simply be code names for
dialog: founding members, their histories
dialog: metaphoric.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think you’re living with very dan-
dialog: gerous people, Sara. Incindiaries.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Then Patricia could still be in
dialog: there. In the building, I mean.
dialog: They could be holding her--
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: I cannot promise the authorities
dialog: will come to look at a closet full
text: of porcelain and one locked door.
dialog: Not this week, of all weeks. So
dialog: stay safe. Alert. Until they come.
text: Sara begins to gather her things. Klemperer puts a hand on
dialog: her arm.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER (CONT'D)
dialog: (re: the hook)
dialog: In fact, leave this here, or put it
dialog: back. But don’t let them find it on
dialog: you, Sara.
text: Sara thinks it over. She stands and shakes Klemperer’s hand.
text: She leaves it on the table and goes.
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN, PLATZ -- DAY
text: Heading home, Sara skirts another protest. This one is get-
text: ting out of control. The police are no longer at a distance
text: taking photos. They are at attention with riot shield and
text: guns ready on their hips.
text: The crowd waves photos of Baader, Ensslin, and Raspe. They’re
dialog: all screaming:
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CROWD
text: << MURDER!!! MURDER!!! MURDER!!! >>
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, MAIN STAGE -- DAY
text: The tech team, led by MISS KAPLITT (50s), is building the set
text: for the production of VOLK. Lighting is being rigged and test-
text: ed. A small house orchestra is rehearsing.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, DRESSING HALL -- DAY
text: The dancers are getting fittings and haircuts in preparation.
text: Sara is getting her costume altered. Behind her, Miss Marks
text: is cutting Susie’s hair in silence.
text: The chattier MISS BALFOUR (40s) is trimming Caroline’s hair,
text: talking to Caroline in French.
speaker_heading: MISS CHALISE
dialog: << Madam wants no bangs on anyone
dialog: this year. I asked her how am I
dialog: supposed to remove them if a girl
dialog: has cut them this way already? She
dialog: did not have an answer, of course,
dialog: as she does not cut hair. But, the
dialog: Madame wants the Madame wants, and
dialog: so I must do. Thank God you do not
dialog: have them. >>
text: Caroline is beginning to tear up, looking more and more des-
text: perate. Susie watches this in her mirror. What's going on? Ev-
text: ery word of Miss Chalise seems to be confusing her more.
speaker_heading: MISS CHALISE (CONT’D)
dialog: << You used to wear bangs when you
dialog: first arrived, no?
dialog: (waiting for her answer)
dialog: Did I dream that up? >>
text: Finally, Caroline pulls off her salon cape and rushes from
text: the room. Sara looks at Susie in the mirror, then runs after
text: her. Susie watches them go.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, BASEMENT CORRIDOR -- DAY
text: Sara catches up with Caroline, who has hidden in one of the
text: basement practice rooms and backed into a corner. She is cry-
text: ing so hard, Sara can barely understand her. Sara takes both
text: her hands.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What is it?!
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Parts of me --are just falling off.
dialog: Tomorrow I might not even be able
dialog: to talk at all, or dance, or even
dialog: remember who I am!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You have a condition--
text: Caroline looks at her, incredulous.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I've never had seizures before this
dialog: week!
text: Sara has only seen the one in rehearsal.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You’ve had more than one? What did
dialog: they say at the hospital?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I didn’t go to a hospital. Blanc
dialog: brought a doctor to me.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, DRESSING HALL -- DAY
text: Susie watches in the mirror as Caroline’s hair is swept up
text: and thrown into a garbage pail. Then she watches Miss Marks
text: sweeps hers up, but the woman carries the dust pan full of it
text: out of the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “IRIS” STUDIO -- DAY
text: The full company rehearses VOLK, spread across the stage like
text: a community in tatters, which groups up and falls apart in a
text: syncopated rhythm to the score. Even amid the dance, Sara is
text: now paying closer attention to Madame Blanc.
text: She watches as Susie makes all of her jumps and landings. And
dialog: Blanc says nothing about it.
text: Sara is trying to think of any other interpretation, frantic
text: to explain what she is seeing any other way. When the dance
text: breaks for a moment, Blanc steps in to give Susie an adjust-
text: ment. She can’t hear the note clearly. But she can hear it’s
dialog: in French.
dialog: 69.
text: When she looks back to Blanc, Blanc glances over at Sara as
text: she has a million times, but this time it feels ambiguous and
dialog: terrifying.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, CORRIDOR/“WHITE” STUDIO -- DAY
text: When the girls come back through the corridor, Sara appears,
text: grabs Susie’s hand. She pulls her into the “White” studio out
text: of view and earshot of another. This is the room where Susie
dialog: first auditioned.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Is it true? After all? Is it true--
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: TELL ME.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Sara, calm down--
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: And don’t lie! Are you making some
dialog: kind of bargain of your own with
dialog: them?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How can you know what things
dialog: they'll ask of you in return?! What
dialog: horrible things! Please tell me
dialog: it’s not too late--
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Whatever you have in your mind,
dialog: nothing’s wrong. Look at me! Sara!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You're lying right now.
text: Sara pleads her with her eyes, frightened and heartsick.
text: Susie takes her hands, smiling, reassuring her.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Nothing horrible is happening, or
dialog: will happen--
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You just haven’t gotten the bill.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Nothing’s wrong. Believe me. Every-
dialog: one’s wound up right now. Don’t let
dialog: it get to you, too.
text: Sara wants badly to believe her.
dialog: 70.
text: Susie hugs her, and Sara lets her. But Susie’s private expres-
text: sion reveals Sara’s words have sunk in.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (V.O.)
dialog: Is any among you sick? Let him call
dialog: for the elders of the church; and
text: let them pray over him, anointing
dialog: him with oil in the name of the
dialog: Lord.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OHIO FARMHOUSE, ADULTS’ BEDROOM -- DAY
text: A MENNONITE PRIEST (40s) is praying at the bedside of Mrs.
text: Bannion, sick with advanced cancer as she is in the opening
dialog: credits.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: And the prayer of faith shall save
dialog: him that is sick, and the Lord
dialog: shall raise him up; And if he has
dialog: committed sins--
text: Mrs. Bannion interrupts him with three heavy words:
speaker_heading: MRS. BANNION
dialog: My last- child-
text: Susie’s sisters, and some of the neighbors who have come to
text: sit watch over Mrs. Bannion, bristle at this.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: It shall be forgiven him--
text: The TELEPHONE begins RINGING DOWNSTAIRS.
speaker_heading: MRS. BANNION
dialog: My last child was --my sin. I saw
text: the Tempter in her and did not see
dialog: It --for what It was. She was quiet
dialog: in its service for --so long.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: She is my sin. She is what I have
dialog: smeared upon the world--
text: The TELEPHONE continues RINGING. One of Susie’s twin sisters
text: NAOMI (20s) upset by what her mother is saying, runs out of
text: the room to answer.
scene_heading: INT. OHIO FARMHOUSE, KITCHEN -- DAY
text: The TELEPHONE’s inside a cabinet. Naomi opens it and answers.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: NAOMI
dialog: (thickly)
dialog: Bannion house.
text: The other end is SILENT, but she can hear other people TALK-
text: ING, though muffled. It doesn’t sound like English. She sits
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: NAOMI (CONT'D)
dialog: Susanna?
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: NAOMI (CONT'D)
dialog: Susanna. Don’t hang up!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you all right? Everyone is wor-
dialog: ried for you. Pastor Pat told moth-
dialog: if you come home and return the mon-
dialog: ey, you’ll be restored. He forgives
dialog: you. Mother forgives you. We all
dialog: forgive you.
text: She listens to the silence on the other end. The faint sound
text: of other people’s LAUGHTER in the background.
speaker_heading: NAOMI (CONT'D)
dialog: Mother’s uncomfortable all the time
text: now. She isn’t sleeping. Everyone
dialog: is pitching in. The Doders especial-
dialog: ly. They come every night.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Mother asks for you every day. Ten
dialog: times a day. Are you really so far?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you have nothing to say?
text: Nothing. Naomi waits a long beat, tears coming to her eyes.
speaker_heading: NAOMI (CONT'D)
dialog: If you don’t come soon, you won’t
dialog: see mother again, Susanna.
dialog: (wait, one last beat)
dialog: I’m putting down the phone now. I
dialog: love you.
text: And then she hangs up.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. TELECOM CENTER, BERLIN -- DUSK
text: Susie is in a plexiglas telecom booth, surrounded by Berlin-
text: ers in the middle of happier calls. She puts her phone down.
dialog: 72.
text: She's not crying, but she’s frozen, numb, unsure what to do
dialog: to move forward.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, BLANC’S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: Madame Blanc is at her desk, writing a letter, when a small
text: KNOCK comes at her door.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Entre.
text: It is Susie. She steps in and shuts the door. Blanc sees she
text: is at a turning point. Susie takes off her coat.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you want to talk or dance?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Dance.
text: Madame Blanc gets to her feet.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, BLANC’S STUDIO -- NIGHT
text: Blanc takes Susie into her private studio, adjacent to her
text: office. It’s the small, circular studio, with all the lac-—
text: quered screens. There are no mirrors visible. Susie takes off
text: her sweater. Says to Blanc, oddly affectless tonight:
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Show me something new.
text: We see Blanc dance for the first time and she talks as she
text: shows Susie some new movements.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Movement is never mute. It is a
dialog: language. Most dance is illegible,
dialog: made by people who cannot read it.
dialog: (beat)
text: But, in fact, it is a series of
dialog: energistic creations written in the
text: air. Like words forming sentences.
dialog: Like poems. Prayers.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Spells--
text: Blanc ignores this literal nudge for now.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: And like sentences, a few letters
dialog: can be off, or badly written, and
dialog: the meaning is still there. And
dialog: that is the difference between you
dialog: and your sisters here, Susie. I
dialog: have no trouble reading you, nor do
text: the other matrons.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We all see you, Susie. All of us.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: All of you.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: To the very top.
text: Blanc watches Susie react to this with a simple nod. As they
text: are talking, Blanc begins showing Susie how to move, getting
text: close to her.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: You could be a great, great dancer.
dialog: But whose dances you chose to dance
dialog: and why will mean everything. Which-
dialog: ever dance you choose, you will
dialog: create in yourself the image of its
dialog: creator, who will need you to empty
dialog: yourself out so she can be radical
dialog: to her creations and work through
dialog: you. Do you understand? Who you do
dialog: it for must be your choice, and a
dialog: choice you can cherish. Forever.
text: Blanc moves behind her and raises her arms.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: You're in a company now. You must
dialog: find your right place. What part of
dialog: the company do you want to be? Not
dialog: its feet. Other girls can be its
dialog: feet. Its head? Its heart? Back-
dialog: bone? Its sex?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Its hands. I want to be this com-
text: pany’s hands.
dialog: Blanc seems to like this answer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, SARA'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Sara lies awake. She hears Susie return for the night. After
text: a moment, she gets out of bed.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, RESIDENTS’ CORRIDOR -- NIGHT
text: She comes around the corner to Susie’s door and sees it is
text: closed. There is no light under it. She quietly knocks, but
text: Susie doesn’t answer.
scene_heading: INT. SUSIE'S ROOM, MARKOS COMPANY -- NIGHT
text: Susie lies in bed, awake. She hears Sara’s voice whisper:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I’m not leaving you here, Susie.
dialog: I’m not leaving without you.
text: Then she is gone.
text: This makes the part of Susie who is simply a young woman who
text: needs her friend smile. She closes her eyes to sleep amid the
text: BREATHING that has joined her again.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: ON A TELEVISION: A news story plays about the burials of the
text: RAF prisoners in a Stuttgart cemetery. Thousands of protest-
text: ors silently observes the burial. Polizei with machine guns
dialog: are posted everywhere.
speaker_heading: NEWS REPORTER
dialog: << In response to local protesters
dialog: who wanted to keep Baader, Ensslin,
dialog: and Raspe from being interred here,
dialog: Stuttgart Mayor Manfred Rommel, son
dialog: of Field Marshall Irwin Rommel, re-
dialog: marked: “I will not accept that
dialog: there should be first- and second-
dialog: class cemeteries.” He declared, pas-
dialog: sionately: “All enmity should cease
dialog: after death.”
dialog: (beat)
text: Echoing in a sharper sentiment, BKA
dialog: Commissioner Horst Harold told the
dialog: press: “The Baader-Meinhoff era is
dialog: done. The so-called “German Autumn”
dialog: is over.” >>
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN -- DAY
text: Fall marches toward winter. Leaves are all in the street now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, SECOND FLOOR CORRIDOR -- DAY
text: Miss Tanner is coming out of Blanc’s office, which she locks
text: behind her. She is balancing a pile of thin boxes, perfor-
text: mance gifts for the dancers. All of Tanner’s keys are on a
text: knotted ribbon. She puts them in her pocket.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, MAIN STAGE -- DAY
text: Final checks are being done on lights and sound before the
text: doors are opened to begin letting in audience members for the
text: company’s performance. All of the dancers and matrons are in
text: the theatre preparing for the show.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, DRESSING ROOM -- DAY
text: Susie sits getting her makeup done by Miss Chalice. She sees
text: Sara is not anywhere around.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Have you seen Sara yet?
speaker_heading: MISS CHALISE
dialog: She came in early. Wanted her hair
dialog: and makeup first. Then she left.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, TECH STAIRS -- DAY
text: One of the technicians, JUDITH (20s) opens a side door and
text: finds Miss Tanner on the floor surrounded by boxes. She has
text: fallen down the stairs, only now just regaining her wits.
text: Judith helps her sit up.
speaker_heading: JUDITH
dialog: << What happened? >>
text: Tanner touches her head. It’s tender, but there is no blood.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: << I must have fallen. >>
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, CORRIDOR -- DAY
text: Sara comes hurrying down the hall, made up for the perform-
text: ance, Miss Tanner’s ribbon of keys in her fist as well as a
text: flashlight. When she gets to door of the “Mirrored” Studio,
text: she lets herself in and locks it behind her.
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: INT. MUTTERHAUS, FIRST ROOM -- DAY
text: Sara lets herself into the first secret room behind the mir-
text: rored panel and goes to the locked door inside. She begins to
text: try out keys, one after another. There must be thirty on Miss
text: Tanner’s ring. Air moving under the door plays a low note a-
text: cross the jamb.
text: The door springs open and Sara finds herself looking up a nar-
text: row, steep stairway. She hesitates only briefly, then goes.
scene_heading: INT. MUTTERHAUS, STAIRWAY -- DAY
text: The stairway is lit by small electric sconces as she makes
text: her way up it, silently as she can. It moves upward past her
text: and Susie’s rooms. Then, when it crests the next floor, it
text: begins descending again, widening as it goes, becoming some-
text: thing quite grand by the time it reaches the back part of the
text: building used by the coven, the “Mutterhaus.”
scene_heading: INT. MUTTERHAUS, THE APPROACH -- DAY
text: Sara finds herself in a huge, curved arcade that arcs around
text: before ending at an open archway. The architecture is quickly
text: morphing into something hyper-organic and fluid, an emphatic
dialog: sort of art nouveau.
text: There is nowhere to hide if she hears anyone coming. Sara is
dialog: terrified.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM, MARKOS COMPANY -- DAY
text: All of the dancers are gathering, made up and costumed.
speaker_heading: MISS MILLIUS
dialog: Ten minutes! Ten minutes!
text: Susie is looking around for Sara, who is still not among
text: them. The girls seem concerned about it, but not the matrons.
text: Susie grows truly worried.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MARKOS COMPANY -- DAY
text: Klemperer comes up the sidewalk to the company and heads to
text: the theatre entrance on one side. He is nervous as well. He
text: shows his ticket to Miss Huller, who gives him a smile and
text: gestures him inside.
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: INT. THEATRE, MARKOS COMPANY -- DAY
text: Miss Mandel escorts Klemperer to his seat. The audience is
text: filling up to a full house. He regards her, and the other com-
text: pany women, with what he thinks is a discreet eye. When he
text: looks around the theatre, he begins to see some of the icon-
text: ography rendered in Patricia’s journals around him here. It
text: is unnerving to him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE ROOM OF COMPARTMENTS, MUTTERHAUS -- DAY
text: Sara comes into a huge tube-shaped room. At the opposite end
text: is an arch with further rooms beyond. Sara moves forward, but
text: she notices, all along the walls of this room, are triangle-
text: shaped recesses in shadow. She stops. She can see in one the
text: shape of a leg, as if someone is crouching there.
text: She almost screams, but keeps her wits. Trembling, she slow-
text: ly goes toward whoever it is, flashlight up, but then, impos-
text: sibly, someone in another recess calls her name.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (0.S.)
dialog: Sara.
text: The person leans out and Sara can see in her light: It is
text: Patricia. She runs and kneels at her side. Patricia’s ina
text: strange state--slow, dry-voiced, and cold to touch.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: I wake up here every day now.
text: Patricia speaks in a normal voice. Sara’s is hushed.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Stand up! Come on! I know how to
dialog: get out. --Take my jacket.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: She’s inside me. She wants me to
dialog: hold you.
text: Sara pulls Patricia out of the shadow and sees, with horror,
text: she’s pale. Her eyes are rimmed in pale flesh. Her face is a
text: dead girl's face, but without the stiffness of death. All her
text: features hang down. Her jaw is slack.
text: Sara takes her wrist and checks for a pulse. There must not
text: be one. Sara begins to cry. Patricia delicately pulls her
text: wrist out of Sara’s grip and reverses things so that she is
text: now holding Sara’s wrist.
dialog: 78.
text: Someone is coming down the passage Sara’s just come from. She
dialog: can hear it.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: They’11 take you now.
text: Sara panics and tries to get up, but Patricia grips her.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (CONT’D)
dialog: She shows me things. On the side of
dialog: a coffin I think is my rest. She’s
dialog: holding it, holding it back-- Show-
dialog: ing me things on the side, like
dialog: this--
text: A new expression comes into his face. Blank and cold. A few
text: other girls come out from other alcoves, to come hold Sara. A
text: sound of terror escapes Sara’s lips against her will.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (CONT’D)
dialog: A ribbon. For my face. We are ti-
dialog: red. We are so tired.
text: Sara pulls free from Patricia, and runs past the other girls
text: and through the arch just as the figures of a number of mat-
text: rons appear in the door Sara came in. She only sees them for
text: a split second, but they are naked.
scene_heading: INT. MUTTERHAUS, THE ROOM OF HOLES -- DAY
text: Sara runs into the next room, a dark room, the edges of which
text: she cannot see. It’s the room about which Susie dreamed, with
text: the holes in the floor, but Sara doesn’t see them in time.
text: Within a few steps she puts her leg into one. Her momentum
text: carries her forward and her shin snaps. She shrieks and crash-
dialog: es to the ground.
text: She awkwardly gets her leg out and begins to back away from
text: the door, dragging the it along with her. The matrons come in-
text: to the room and see her injury.
speaker_heading: MISS MILLIUS
dialog: Keep still, Sara. Lie still.
text: Some, who are dancers, are in good shape for their ages.
text: Others, who work in administrative capacities, sag. They are
text: all smiling, sort of dancing around the holes in the floor. A
text: few have some of the implements from the first room in their
text: hands. Sara is frightened to the point to frenzy, but also pa-
text: ralyzed now somehow. She can’t move at all.
text: She begs instead.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: FORGIVE ME! PLEASE! I wanted to
dialog: help! I DIDN’T KNOW! DON’T DO ANY-
speaker_heading: THING--
text: The matrons come in, with calming voices. Pavla goes about
text: setting Sara’s leg. It must be very painful, but they hypno-
text: tize her as they work and she resists less and less.
text: Finally, Miss Vendegast puts her hands over Sara’s crying
text: brown eyes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, MAIN STAGE -- DAY
text: The dancers take their places on stage behind the curtain,
text: checking last looks in a mirror there. Susie looks back one
text: last time and sees: Sara’s place is still empty.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, THEATRE -- DAY
text: The audience is full, except for one ambiguously empty seat
text: next to Klemperer. The audience is lit up when the curtain
text: ascends. The DRUMS begin. He tries to find Sara on the stage
text: among the company, but can’t.
text: As the company performs VOLK, we cut back and forth between
dialog: the following:
text: Klemperer realizes Sara is missing. He looks around for her,
text: finally seeing the only empty seat in the house is next to
text: him. Some of the company matrons positioned around the room
text: are watching him casually as much as they are watching the
text: performance. He realizes this.
text: Susie slowly lets go of her concern for Sara and becomes the
text: dance. Everything begins to fade for Susie except the spell
text: in the air she is creating with her movements, and Blanc who
text: is in one of the wings connecting with her in her mind. All
dialog: is the dance. All is the dance.
text: The piece is remarkable, giving the audience the feeling of
text: an entire community shattered, but still functioning. At one
text: point, Susie rejects the leaps and goes off-book, incorpora-
dialog: ting the loping crawl she offered in rehearsal. It’s strange
text: and upsetting, but galvanizing to the whole.
text: Miss Tanner, who is standing beside Blanc mutters:
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: << This girl is ready, Blanc. It’s
dialog: time. >>
dialog: 80.
text: But beside her, Blanc’s having an orgasm she can barely hide.
text: Somewhere in the middle of the dance, Sara, flat of affect
text: and somehow walking on her broken leg, shambles onto the
text: stage and takes her place in the performance.
text: NOTE: Astute members of the audience may realize Susie and
text: Sara have switched eye color. Susie's are now brown, in keep-
text: ing with what is apparently Madame Blanc's preference, and
text: Sara's are now blue. It's perverse. Unnecessary. The use of
dialog: power to feed a fetish. Patricia had these brown eyes. Olga
dialog: had them. And now Susie does as well.
text: The other dancers make room for Sara, and then, one-by-one,
text: really see her. Sara’s set, but still-broken, leg is swollen
text: under her leotard. Dancers close to her can hear the fractur-
text: ed bones grinding together as she dances. Sara’s face is as
text: rigid in its expression of calm as a doll’s.
text: The audience remains unaware, except for Klemperer, who is
text: watching her too closely not to notice.
text: Finally, just at the end of the dance, Susie turns and sees
text: Sara for herself. She stops dancing and takes a step toward
text: her. As the curtain comes down, Sara collapses.
text: She falls within sight of one of the “last looks” mirrors.
text: She sees herself broken, humiliated, dying. She sees that a
text: change has been made to her face. Her eyes are now blue. Su-
text: sie’s eyes.
dialog: Three things happen at once:
text: 1.) Madame Blanc rushes from the wing and kneels at Sara’s
text: side. Susie slowly comes over, not wanting to see what
text: they’ve done to Sara, but drawn by the girl’s suffering.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Someone please call Dr. Bischoffs.
text: 2.) As everyone in the audience stands to start shuffling
text: toward the exits, obtuse to what is going on behind the cur-
text: tain, TWO PLAINCLOTHES BKA AGENTS, including Agent Albrecht,
text: begin moving toward the stage, fast.
text: 3.) Klemperer also makes his way toward the stage, ignoring
text: the matron’s gazes. He climbs up the stairs to the wing as
text: quickly as he can manage, and from there sees everyone crowd-
text: ed around Sara. The BKA Agents have taken Miss Tanner aside
text: and are grilling her, but she discreetly stops both with a
dialog: hand.
text: Klemperer can see Sara looking directly at him through the
text: chaos of girls around her.
dialog: 81.
text: She registers he is there and starts to move her hand, then
text: her arm, with great effort. She curls her hand back toward
text: her face and, with one shaking finger, calls his attention to
text: her now-blue eyes.
text: He stands there, stunned, facing down what he would have con-
dialog: sidered an hour ago to be impossible beyond consideration.
text: Blanc and Susie see Sara’s attention focus and look to where
text: she is looking. Klemperer meets their eyes and both Blanc and
dialog: Susie know: This is the man who called the police. This is
text: the man who directed the attention of the BKA to them. This
dialog: is the man to whom Patricia referred to them as “witches.”
text: There is nothing Klemperer can do to help Sara anymore from
text: these women. So he turns and flees.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TIERGARTEN, BERLIN -- NIGHT
text: Dr. Klemperer walks home through Berlin’s Tiergarten. There
text: are people out, but the night is coming on windy.
text: A dog runs up and stops ten feet in front of him, directly in
text: his path. It has stopped before another dog’s turd, which is
text: not even dry. The dog pushes the turd toward Klemperer, and
text: then bares its teeth as if grinning.
text: Klemperer freezes, waiting to see if the dog will run at him.
text: It doesn’t. It gallops off into the darkening trees instead.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, RESIDENTS’ CORRIDOR -- NIGHT
text: That night is a somber one on the dormitory floor. All the
text: girls are quiet, many in bed early. Some have left flowers in
dialog: Sara’s made bed, or notes and cards.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, SUSIE’S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Susie lies in bed. At some point, she can hear WOMEN passing
text: behind the wall. Someone opens her door. It is Blanc. She
text: comes in and sits on the edge of the bed.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Are you frightened, Susie?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: No.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What will they say happened to
dialog: Sara?
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: I was worried about you.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I’m sorry I went off book.
text: Blanc nearly responds, but finally doesn’t. A beat.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s all a mess, isn’t it? The mess
dialog: out there. The one in here. The
dialog: mess that’s coming. The mess that
dialog: was.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Why are people always so ready to
dialog: think the worst is over?
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: I could explain it to you. I think
dialog: I’d be wrong to, though.
dialog: Susie asks suddenly:
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Because you love me?
text: Blanc looks troubled by this, frightened herself.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Just close your eyes and sleep. No
dialog: more dreams tonight.
text: Susie takes Blanc’s hand for a moment, squeezes it in thanks,
dialog: and says:
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: For everything.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “IRIS” STUDIO -- DAY
text: With VOLK behind them, the company is hard at work on re-
text: hearsing OPEN AGAIN. Susie is fully in the free radical role.
text: She is astonishing to watch. Her brown eyes are now a fact of
text: who she is. No one comments, either by choice or suggestion.
text: Blanc pushes Susie, as well as the others, very hard. At a
text: break, she hands out black sashes. Some of the dancers begin
text: putting them around their waists, but Blanc tells them:
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: I want you to trust your movements,
dialog: your placement.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: These are for your eyes. Move to
dialog: your start marks and put this over
dialog: them.
text: They all go to the top of the dance, find their places, tie
text: on blindfold, and begins again with the music. It must be ve-
dialog: ry difficult, but they are learning it very precisely.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t be afraid of it. Your feet
dialog: know where to go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, SUSIE’S ROOM -- DUSK
text: Something is coming. Energies are gathering and Susie can
text: feel them. She dresses for dinner and puts on her coat. She
text: buttons it up to her chin.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, SITTING ROOM -- DUSK
text: Frau Sesame is in the kitchen, HUMMING and making the soup,
text: oblivious. She hears the front door close and goes out to
text: see, with surprise, that Klemperer has left. She calls after
text: him, down the stairs:
speaker_heading: FRAU SESAME
dialog: << But Doctor, it is almost ready!
dialog: >>
text: He doesn’t answer. She comes back inside, perplexed, even a
dialog: little afraid.
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN, PAULSTRABE -- DUSK
text: Klemperer comes down a dark street and onto a bridge over the
text: River Spree. He is struggling under the weight of something
text: he is carrying over his shoulders. It is Patricia’s duffle.
text: Her other bag is in his hand.
text: It’s a cold enough night that he can see the edges of the riv-
text: er icing up, so he goes further out to the middle of the span
text: over black churning water.
text: He flips the bag and duffle over the side and listens to them
text: splash below. Only then does he look to see they’re gone. He
text: takes the silver body hook out of his coat and throws it into
text: the Spree as well. Then he begins to cry. He is a man who can
text: only feel guilt as he again watches evil approaching.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN, STREET -- DUSK
text: The entire company, along with most of the matrons, walks a-
text: long in high spirits.
scene_heading: INT. BERLIN, PARIS BAR -- DUSK
text: The company is given the back tables at a busy cafe.
text: Susie sits at one end with Sonia, Marketa, and Doll. The
text: matrons gather at the other. Blanc is there, as are Tanner,
text: Mandel, and Millius. Vendegast sits beside Danielle, who’s
text: high laugh has already begun. Miss Huller and Pavla are not
dialog: present.
speaker_heading: MISS TANNER
dialog: Girls! Remember the limit! Nine
dialog: marks. Other than that, choose as
dialog: you like. You’ve earned it.
text: Susie has not been absorbed into any cliques since Sara’s de-
text: parture. She’s with the group, but not of it anymore.
dialog: Susie seems to understand tonight is meant to be the night
text: for whatever is going to be asked of her. She seems hypervig-
text: ilent, but not afraid. The matrons certainly understand it.
text: They are already celebrating the end to their long season of
text: worry. Only Blanc looks disconsolate.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EAST BERLIN, FRIEDRICHSTRABE -- DUSK
text: Klemperer has come into East Germany tonight. But when he
text: gets to the fountain where he usually sits, a WOMAN (60s) is
text: sitting there. As he walks toward her, he recognizes more and
text: more of her posture, the set of her head. He walks faster to
text: her, When he is almost behind her, she turns.
text: It is the woman from the photo in his sitting room, aged thir-
text: ty years. Love fills her face.
speaker_heading: “NKE"
dialog: Jozef.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARIS BAR, BERLIN -- NIGHT
text: The girls eat and drink everything in front of them. The mat-—
text: rons have ordered food, but none of them touch it.
dialog: 85.
text: Susie notices this, but no one else seems to. She puts her
text: fork down and abstains as well.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WEST BERLIN -- NIGHT
text: Klemperer and “Anke” walk together through the city, back
text: into West Berlin. When they get to the checkpoint, they walk
text: through it unaccosted. None of the guards seem to notice.
speaker_heading: “NKE"
dialog: << Karol had told them about me. He
dialog: betrayed us. I had minutes to get
dialog: out. I couldn’t find you. I travel-
text: ed on foot to try for Teplice where
dialog: I planned to ask Mirek’s family to
dialog: take me in, but I was caught at the
dialog: border and taken to Terezin. >>
text: Klemperer tries to interject the first of what must be a mil-
text: lion regrets and apologies, but she stops him--she wants to
text: tell him everything first. She caresses his face and he grabs
text: her hand as if it were a bird about to fly away.
speaker_heading: “BNKE” (CONT'D)
dialog: << After the liberation I made my
dialog: way to Zurich, and then to Milan.
dialog: I've had a life there. A lovely
dialog: life. I was told you had died in
dialog: the invasion. >>
text: Klemperer just shakes his head and lets his eyes go cloudy
dialog: with tears.
text: They come up the FriedrichstraBe, but when Klemperer tries to
text: lead her in the direction of his apartment, she takes his arm
text: and turns him down Kochstrage, in another direction.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BERLIN, PARIS BAR -- NIGHT
text: The girls are quite drunk now. Susie notices Blanc looking at
text: her and the other matrons looking at the girls with growing
text: excitement. Tanner is making her way around the table, touch-
text: ing each girl as she goes, rendering each one a little thick-
text: er in affect, hazier in look, beginning a process of mesmeri-
text: zation. She does not touch Susie.
dialog: 86.
text: The BREATHING in Susie’s head is growing louder, but she
text: seems no longer even intimidated by it. It’s simply the sound
text: of something coming now, possibly something great.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (V.O.)
dialog: I‘’1l go walk in the streets.
text: Blanc is looking at her, as if she might cry. After a beat,
text: her thoughts responds. Susie can hear them now.
speaker_heading: BLANC (V.O.)
dialog: If you’re sure.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Give us time. There is much to be
dialog: done.
text: Susie gets up to go. The other matrons watch her with genuine
dialog: warmth now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MARKOS COMPANY -- NIGHT
text: As they walk, Klemperer is both aware and unaware they are
text: walking toward the Markos Company. He is now a man thoroughly
text: distracted by his most cherished dream. It begins to snow.
text: They arrive at the company building, all dark now except for
text: a light on at the entrance. “Anke” stops and embraces him.
text: Before he can protest, the company’s front door opens behind
text: them. Women come out. And, like a man slipping under dark wat-
text: er, he feels himself being taken in.
text: “Anke” becomes recognizable as Miss Huller, who is now laugh-
dialog: ing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREETS OF BERLIN -- NIGHT
text: Susie begins to walk, taking in the early stirring of Berlin
text: night life. As she walks, the BREATHING is with her, but some-
text: thing odd begins happening as well. Her awareness begins to
text: focus on little moments of sadness or aggression.
text: She can hear a couple arguing quietly a block away.
speaker_heading: BERLINER #1
dialog: << It was wrong to take your
dialog: father’s money. He pays rent, too,
dialog: and without an income. >>
dialog: 87.
text: In a passing car, a child spills a soda on the leather seat.
text: Then she sees the boy’s father angrily shove the can into his
text: son's face when he discovers it twenty minutes from now.
text: She sees a man photographing damage done to his suit shop
text: with a Brownie camera, then the stormtroopers kicking the win-
dialog: dow in.
text: She's going forward and backward in time and tasting all the
text: flavors of the continuing patriarchy.
text: She sees the Berlin Wall being put up, being torn down. She
text: can see a skinhead almost tenderly polishing his his 10-hole
text: boots, then later wiping blood off them. Groups of Muslim men
text: in keffiyehs take flags of Jordan out of plastic sleeves, the
text: price tags still on them, even as someone burns them. She ob-
text: serves a lit window in which a young woman is arrested by SS,
text: then the same woman, elderly now, calls in a prescription re-
text: fill, introducing herself as a Patient Number.
speaker_heading: ELDERLY WOMAN
dialog: << Three four oh oh two. Seven one
dialog: one nine. >>
text: Susie is not afraid of what she’s seeing, or of where it
text: belongs in history. Once she adjusts to it, she walks flushed
text: and amazed through these mirages as if through a great muse-
text: um, humbled by her proximity to things that so delight her.
text: The SIGHING in her head plays as its accompaniment.
scene_heading: INT. MUTTERHAUS, FIRST ROOM -- NIGHT
text: As Dr. Klemperer is lead into the Mutterhaus, he sees Miss
text: Huller replacing the silver body hook on its shelf, somehow
text: retrieved from the Spree. It is covered with river mud.
speaker_heading: MISS HULLER
dialog: << How dirty he made it! >>
text: They lead him over the threshhold and onto the first of the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: << Pity! --Have pity! >>
speaker_heading: MISS HULLER
dialog: << What reason is there to pity
dialog: you? You had five years to get your
dialog: wife out of Berlin before arrests
dialog: began. >>
text: They proceed to lead him up the stairs and then disappear
text: over the arc of the passageway.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: MISS HULLER (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: << When women tell you the truth,
dialog: you don’t pity them. You tell them
dialog: they are delusional! >>
text: The witches laugh at Klemperer now, even as he begs them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BERLIN, ICE CREAM PARLOUR -- NIGHT
text: Susie has gone into a shop and eats an ice cream sundae in
text: the front window, like a child might, watching the parade of
text: history pass by outside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, ENTRANCE HALL/STAIRS -- NIGHT
text: Susie comes in from the snowy night to find the building emp-
text: ty and silent. She can occasionally hear a BURST OF LAUGHTER
text: from far, far away. She climbs the stairs, the dust of clean
text: snow melting on the shoulders of her coat.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, RESIDENCE CORRIDOR -- NIGHT
text: She can now definitely hear there is a GREAT PARTY going on
text: somewhere behind the walls. No one else is on the floor, but
dialog: this doesn’t surprise Susie.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, SUSIE’S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Susie comes into her room to find, laid out on her bed, a
text: long, simple shift dress. As she is putting it on, the light
text: wavers outside her door and she can see the small font of
text: white flame there, waiting.
scene_heading: INT. MUTTERHAUS, STAIRS/APPROACH/TUBE/ROOM OF HOLES -- NIGHT
text: Susie finds her way into the Mutterhaus, led by the font. She
text: climbs the secret stairs and finds the approach. She comes in-
text: to the tube room, then through the room of holes.
text: Beyond it, there are more stairs. All the light and noise is
text: coming from below now. She will see it in a moment.
scene_heading: INT. MUTTERHAUS, ROOM OF FEASTS -- NIGHT
text: Susie comes down a set of stairs that lead to another. The
dialog: first is part of the building, but the second--
text: Blanc and a bent woman, misshapen with disease and supported
text: by matrons, wait near the top of this final staircase.
dialog: 89.
text: From here there is a view of all below. Susie sees a great
text: room in which a hideous, raucous tableau is taking place.
text: All the matrons are seated around the huge triangular table.
text: The table is now set with all nature of arcane dishes and
text: crockery. They are feasting. The feasting room has three high
text: stone arches leading to a vast and separate darkness in each
dialog: direction.
text: Susie notices Klemperer, stripped naked now, has been put in
text: the center space inside the triangle the table forms. The
text: matrons taunt him, summoning him from one to the next where
text: he is made to eat victuals off of their plates--some of which
dialog: look like stool, some like organs, perhaps from animals, per-
text: haps not. He is muttering:
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: << I am not guilty! I remember! I
dialog: am an innocent! >>
text: His jowls are stained. He is forced to take wine from the ma-
text: trons’ own laughing mouths.
text: Susie next notices three girls are serving the matrons. All
text: have masks depicting the faces of the The Mothers. Mother of
text: Tears, Mother of Shadows, and Mother of Sighs. Susie can see
text: from the tone of their flesh they are dead. One of the girls,
text: the one masked as Mother Suspiriorum, has noticed her also.
text: She stands looking up at Susie until she is called back into
dialog: service.
dialog: 
text: The dead girls serve the matrons who, in turn, needle into
text: the girls’ open palms with special tines so the girls’ dead
text: blood sauces their plates.
text: Some of the matrons have noticed Susie at the top of the
text: stairs as well. They raise they cups in her direction, with
text: toasts and great, heaving smiles.
speaker_heading: BLANC (0.S.)
dialog: Susie. Don’t you know who this is?
text: Susie looks. The bent old woman beside Blanc is looking at
text: her, studying her.
text: This is HELENA MARKOS (???). She is hard to look at, so
text: weighed down and disfigured by tumors is she. Some lay flat,
text: others are raised up on stalks like warts. She is covered by
text: them, made pregnant by them. She is a horrific vision of age
text: on a human form--not the normal way age treats the body, but
text: the product of time being turned back again and again until
text: the skin and tissue cannot hold so many contradictions. She
text: looks angry to be so tired.
dialog: 90.
text: Susie nods. She performs the slightest bow.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I’m ready, Madame.
text: Blanc nods, but doesn’t respond. Susie says to her directly:
speaker_heading: SUSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You look afraid.
text: Markos laughs. It is the sound of amused air climbing past
dialog: whatever tumors lie within.
speaker_heading: MARKOS
dialog: She's afraid for you, dear.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you know what we have planned
dialog: for you? There’ll be nothing of you
dialog: left inside. Only space. For me.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I came here for this. I know that
dialog: now.
text: Susie holds out her hand. Blanc takes it.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I want what’s coming.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You've all waited long enough.
text: Markos gives her an almost lascivious look. Susie listens to
text: MARKOS’ LABORED BREATHING. This is not the breathing she’s
dialog: had in her head all this time. This speaks only of illness,
dialog: not of the entire language Susie has been hearing within the
dialog: sighs.
text: Then Markos slowly raises a hand. Within seconds, the women
text: below all see the gesture and quiet.
speaker_heading: MARKOS
text: LET IT BEGIN! IN THE NAME OF THE
text: MOTHERS. LET IT BEGIN!
text: Susie watches as the plates are removed with ritualistic pre-
text: cision. The tables are dismantled and taken to the sides lea-
text: ving an empty space in the center of the room.
text: A GREAT MUSIC begins. Klemperer is taken to the base of the
text: staircase to witness what is about to happen. The three dead
text: girls hold the three golden leashes fixed around his neck.
text: Susie sees the rest of the girls from the company step into
text: the space, entranced somehow, and blindfolded.
dialog: gl.
text: They begin the choreography of OPEN AGAIN. They don’t seem to
text: know where they are, they just dance. The matrons down on the
text: floor dance among them. All the women are nude. Every shape
text: and state of the female body is on display.
text: A LOW DRONE begins out of the air, taking its vibrations from
text: the spell of the dance. The girls begin dancing backward now,
text: like a tide going out. Then forward again, coaxing something
text: to come forward from the infinite spaces beyond the room.
speaker_heading: HELENA MARKOS
dialog: They are summoning what we need.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Death.
speaker_heading: HELENA MARKOS
dialog: What do you think is happening,
dialog: girl?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: A ritual. To renew you.
speaker_heading: HELENA MARKOS
dialog: “Renew” is a beautiful word. Do you
dialog: come to this willingly?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: You must have no doubts, Susie. If
dialog: you do, I will take you back. Take
dialog: all of this out of your head. You
dialog: can forget everything.
text: Markos laughs, smugly.
speaker_heading: HELENA MARKOS
dialog: Except your jumps. And your kicks
dialog: and leaps and rolls--
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: I would like this to be pure.
speaker_heading: HELENA MARKOS
dialog: We know what you would like.
dialog: (aggressive)
dialog: This is not vanity! Who knows how
dialog: much longer we must march forward?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I can be both.
dialog: 92.
text: Blanc looks at Susie, then at Markos.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: You see? She doesn’t understand!
text: Blanc steps forward, but Markos holds her with a look.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: HELENA MARKOS
dialog: She understands enough. On the
dialog: floor, girl.
text: In the vastness beyond the arch opposite the stairs, where
text: light and darkness meet, something is assembling itself. It
text: can be felt before it can be seen. Some of the matrons are
text: sensing it. Blanc is sensing it.
text: Two matrons, Misses Millius and Huller, step forward to help
text: Susie out of her clothes. Susie is shown to the floor where
text: she kneels and lays of the cold stone. The matrons take her
text: arms to the sides. Susie turns her face down. Markos slowly
dialog: stands.
speaker_heading: BLANC
dialog: Something’s wrong. You don’t feel
dialog: it--?
text: Under the arch, a wet blackness is assembling into being.
speaker_heading: BLANC (CONT'D)
dialog: Markos, this isn’t right. Let her
dialog: up--!
text: But with a gesture, Markos makes a dash with her hand out at
text: Blanc and Blanc’s neck is chopped from behind. Blanc crumples
text: to her knees and slumps back against the wall. The chop has
text: severed her spine, but not her trachea. Her head slides fo-
text: rward until it is stopped by her chest. Then it sits there,
text: face cast downward.
text: Susie hears this take place, but does not dare look. Markos
text: turns her attention back to Susie.
speaker_heading: HELENA MARKOS
dialog: We have been on two sides of this
dialog: too long. You want this, girl?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: HELENA MARKOS
dialog: If you accept me, and accept what
dialog: we seek, you must put down the wo-
dialog: man who bore you to the world.
text: Susie closes her eyes. She concentrates on the BREATHING, the
text: SIGHS in her head, pulling it into her own rhythm.
speaker_heading: HELENA MARKOS (CONT’D)
dialog: Think of that false mother now,
text: lying in her reek of pain. Release
dialog: her from you. You have the Mothers
dialog: you need now. Death to any other
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I am the Mother.
text: Markos looks down at her, not sure she’s heard correctly.
text: The dancing and singing is frantic, but the witches are not
text: prepared for what happens next. Something black and dripping
text: with the energy of its passage into the world rides out of
text: the space beneath the arch and is suddenly in the room with
dialog: them.
text: Some of the matrons SCREAM and move back from it. It’s clear
dialog: nothing like this has been seen before in these rooms. Others
text: are steadfast and continue dancing, terrified, some within
text: feet of it. The mesmerized, blindfolded girls remain in the
dialog: dance unaware.
text: Markos herself is looking at the black thing in confused awe.
text: She glances over at Blanc, concerned now that Blanc is behind
text: this, or understands it. But it is Susie who looks up at
dialog: Markos.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You've played at this long enough.
text: Markos opens her mouth in shock. She hisses:
speaker_heading: HELENA MARKOS
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Whom were you anointed for? Which
dialog: of the Three?
speaker_heading: HELENA MARKOS
dialog: Mother Suspiriorum, girl.
text: Susie says, simply, finally coming into her full identity.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I am she.
text: At the bottom of the stairs, the girl dressed as Mother Su-
text: spiriorum hears this and takes off her mask. It is Sara. She
text: looks up at Susie, and holds out the mask. Reverently.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: The Mother! The Mother!
text: Others who have supported Markos from the start begin to cry,
dialog: or WAIL OUT. What is happening is akin to Jesus Christ him-
text: self walking into a modern Easter service. No one is prepar-
dialog: ed for one of the Three Mothers being among them.
text: Markos looks down at Susie, the first twitch of astonishment
text: entering her withered face.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Death to any other Mother.
text: The black form hears this and spares no glance around, but
text: carries itself up the stairs, past a terrified Klemperer, to-
text: ward Markos, low to the ground like Susie’s improvisations,
text: fast as the shadow of an eclipse crossing the land.
text: As it climbs, two things happen simultaneously:
scene_heading: INT. OHIO FARMHOUSE, ADULTS’ BEDROOM -- DAY
text: Mrs. Bannion lies, dazed and pale, in her sick bed. Several
text: neighbor women have collected there and are quietly singing a
text: HYMN. Mrs. Bannion fades in and out, in a dream or memory:
text: A young Susie (10) is in home school class. She is meant to
text: be memorizing a map of the United States, but keeps turning
text: her workbook back to another page. The girl wants to look at
text: the shapes of Europe instead. Mrs. Bannion, who is teaching
text: her, snaps the page back, impatiently, as if for the tenth
text: time. She hisses:
speaker_heading: MRS. BANNION
dialog: Susannah.
text: Ten-year-old Susie looks up at her, unintimidated, even toler-
dialog: ant for now.
text: But Mrs. Bannion is lifted from this memory as something en-
text: ters the room with her. She has a fraction of a second to see
text: the shadow’s face before it overtakes her.
text: Naomi, who has been sitting with the neighbor women, mending,
text: looks up now into the dead face of her mother.
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: INT. MUTTERHAUS, ROOM OF FEASTS -- NIGHT
text: Death reaches Markos, rears up, and tears through the woman’s
text: meager magical defenses, then through her flesh. Susie gets
text: slowly to her feet to watch.
text: When it is finished, it goes loping back down the stairs to
text: every Markosite in the room. They see it coming and SCREAM--
dialog: Miss Mandel and Millius, Miss Balfour, Miss Huller, Miss
text: Marks, Pavla, Miss Verdigast, and Alberta. The black thing
text: cuts them down in its killing ebb, leaving the Blancites un-
text: touched. Then is uncoils into the void beyond.
text: Tanner is spared. She’s weeping, weeping. The remaining
text: witches find their voices and begin to scream praises. They
dialog: thought they were about to witness the rebirth of their
text: leader Helena Markos, and instead they have seen the arrival
dialog: of one of the very Mothers they have only read about for cen-
dialog: turies.
text: MATRONS IN THE ROOM
scene_heading: MUTTER! MUTTER! MUTTER SUSPIRIORUM!
text: As Susie walks down the stairs, the font of light burns over
text: her head, scattering all shadow, all ambiguity. Up close to
text: it, as Susie is, one can hear the sound of TEN THOUSAND FOR-
text: ESTS BURNING in it.
text: She reaches up and pulls her throat open along a vertical to
text: form a new mouth to speak out of.
text: When she reaches the bottom, where Sara stands, she takes the
text: mask from her and puts it aside. Then she takes off Olga’s,
text: and then Patricia’s, who have come forward, and sets them a-
dialog: side.
text: She leads them into a dance, telling them as they go:
scene_heading: SUSIE/MOTHER SUSPIRIORUM
dialog: I am here now! I am with you!
text: Their eyes are rimmed with white. They dance for a time until
text: Susie recognizes they are sad in their state.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Mother, we are so tired.
scene_heading: SUSIE/MOTHER SUSPIRIORUM
dialog: What do you ask?
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: To die! To die!
dialog: 96.
text: She places a hand briefly on Olga’s ruined face, then Patri-
text: cia's, and lets them die mortal deaths.
text: She and Sara dance for a time until Sara says to her:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Mother, please.
scene_heading: SUSIE/MOTHER SUSPIRIORUM
dialog: What do you ask?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: To die!
text: And Susie puts her hand briefly on Sara’s face, like a lover
text: would, and then over it until she falls away, as if froma
text: great height, from the mortal world into death.
text: Susie dances in solo then, charging the air, the room, the
text: coven with her power. Finally, she calls out to the other
dialog: witches:
scene_heading: SUSIE/MOTHER SUSPIRIORUM
dialog: It is beautiful! Beautiful! Contin-
dialog: ue the dance!
text: The dancers wind back up again, but with a force that gives
text: the impression Susie is controlling them now. She enters the
text: dance, leads it, leads it into the air, with no underfoot or
text: overhead, just circles and circles of power.
text: Klemperer is watching all of this unfold, his mind at the
text: edge of ruin.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN, STREETS -- DAWN
text: Susie is walking down the center of the street through the
text: snow. It SQUEALS under her boots. Lights are burning in some
text: windows, but not many people are out yet. She walks with a
text: gait and confidence that is itself nearly a dance. This is
dialog: her city now, its people her people.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MUTTERHAUS, ROOM OF FEASTS -- DAY
text: The remaining matrons are beginning the long process of
text: cleaning the Room of Feasts. They remove the stained linens
text: from the table. They scrub the stones.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, HALLWAYS/STUDIOS -- DAY
text: The dancers are all in the studios rehearsing, oblivious. The
text: company is running again as usual. Miss Boutaher leads the re-
text: hearsal. Danielle beats the drum. There’s no hint of strange-
text: ness in the girls. They remember nothing, it’s clear.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, BEDROOM -—- DAY
text: Klemperer is alive, though unwell. He has survived his night
text: with the coven, but has been shaken past what he can tolerate
dialog: psychologically.
text: Madame Sesame brings him tea, a slice of brown bread with a
text: little butter crock, a sliced up pear. She puts it on his bed-
text: side table. The room is dim, the curtains nearly shut against
text: the snowy morning. He doesn’t want the light.
text: After a few moments, the door opens and Susie comes in with-
text: out knocking. Frau Sesame turns in surprise.
speaker_heading: FRAU SESAME
dialog: << Good morning. No one taught you
dialog: to knock on a closed door? >>
scene_heading: SUSIE/MOTHER SUSPIRIORUM
dialog: << Wait on the stairs. >>
text: The housekeeper, coming into her fright, goes.
text: Susie enters. Klemperer’s eyes follow her into the room and
text: to a chair beside the bed. He is shaking. The light from the
text: window is behind her now, casting her nearly in silhouette.
speaker_heading: SUSIE/MOTHER SUSPIRIORUM (CONT’D)
dialog: I’ve been thinking about you. I
dialog: wasn’t yet in a position to prevent
dialog: what my daughters did to you, but I
dialog: regret it. Truly. I want to make it
dialog: up if I can. I brought a gift.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You deserve to know what happened.
speaker_heading: KLEMPERER
dialog: Please.
text: But Susie closes her eyes, summoning a path through history
text: to his wife. Her silhouette begins to change as she exerts
text: herself. He can see the outline of Mother Suspiriorum--the
text: halo of darkness.
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: SUSIE/MOTHER SUSPIRIORUM
dialog: Your wife tried to make it south to
text: Teplice. But she was apprehended by
text: border guards in the woods outside
dialog: Glashiitte and taken, finally, to Te-
text: rezin instead. Theresienstadt camp.
text: Klemperer’s eyes are already tearing up with this confirma-
text: tion of his worst nightmare. He clamps them shut. When he
text: opens them, he is looking at the bedside table beside them,
text: where the cut up pear sits in a dish with the knife. It is
text: not a big knife, but it is sharp. And it’s within reach.
speaker_heading: SUSIE/MOTHER SUSPIRIORUM (CONT’D)
dialog: She lived there only twenty days.
dialog: On the 11th of November, 1943, the
dialog: Commandant of the camp, a man named
dialog: Burger, ordered all 40,000 detained
dialog: there to stand in the cold for a
dialog: census. Hours passed. Most were nak-
dialog: ed. Some hundreds died of exposure.
text: CLOSE ON: Under the lids, Susie’s eyes move here and there as
text: if she is seeing what she’s describing.
speaker_heading: SUSIE/MOTHER SUSPIRIORUM (CONT’D)
dialog: Your wife had two women with her as
dialog: she died, who told her she was not
text: alone: An elderly secretary from
dialog: Denmark and a woman from Moravia,
dialog: whom your wife had befriended. Her
dialog: final moments were spent thinking
dialog: of a birthday in which you sur-
text: prised her by taking her to hear a
dialog: concert. Chopin and Brahms. It was
dialog: the first time you held her hand.
dialog: She was not afraid. Her thoughts
dialog: were of you. Only of you.
text: Susie reaches the end and opens her eyes, back in her mortal
dialog: form.
text: She sees: Klemperer is crying through all of this, rocking
text: with silent, hopeless sobs. Hope, even hope scraped thin, was
text: preferable to him than this. She savors his pain.
speaker_heading: SUSIE/MOTHER SUSPIRIORUM (CONT’D)
dialog: Be calm, doctor. That’s not the
dialog: gift.
text: Susie leans in and takes his hand.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: SUSIE/MOTHER SUSPIRIORUM (CONT’D)
dialog: Of Anke-- Of Patricia-- Of Sara--
dialog: Of me-- Of all the women of your un-
dialog: doing-- When I touch your face, ev-
dialog: ery memory of them will go. They’1ll
dialog: melt in the sun and be gone.
text: She doesn’t ask him if he’s ready. She touches the place just
text: in front of his ear. Then she gets up to leave him to the
dialog: attendant seizure.
text: Before she goes, though, she reaches into the bedclothes and
text: finds the knife he’s taken from the bedside table and re-
text: turns it so he doesn’t accidentally cut himself.
text: He bucks and spasms in his bed. Once Susie is gone, Frau Ses-—
text: ame rushes to his bedside.
speaker_heading: FRAU SESAME
dialog: Doctor! --Doctor!
text: But he finally comes out of the convulsions. His eyes find
text: her and he looks at her, confused, as if trying to place her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MUTTERHAUS, ROOM OF FEASTS -- DAWN
text: Matrons come up the stairs to the bodies there. One of the
text: matrons stoops down to begin to solve the problem of Madame
text: Blanc. She is astonished to find:
text: Blanc is still alive. Her eyes look up from her half-severed
text: head. She tries to speak. She blinks at the gathering women.
text: We follow Miss Huller as she sprints up the stairs to summon
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BKA HEADQUARTERS, WAITING ROOM -- DAY
text: In the lobby is the row of “TERRORISTEN” posters Klemperer
text: saw, with their dozens and dozens of photos of men and women,
text: some with names others with question marks. Many are crossed
text: out. Patricia’s looks smudged somehow, now totally unrecogni-
dialog: zable.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EAST BERLIN, FRIEDRICHSTRABE -- DAY
text: Later in the morning, the streets are filling with people
text: walking to work. Klemperer is no where to be seen.
dialog: 100.
text: We END on the image of the ruined fountain where Klemperer
text: used to stop and linger with his wife’s memory. It is empty
dialog: now, and will be from now on.
text: A wife, a life, an entire war, have been forgotten.
speaker_heading: END.
dialog: 
