dialog: 
dialog: Suspect Zero
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Written by
dialog: Zak Penn
dialog: Revisions - Billy Ray
dialog: Director's Shooting Script
dialog: November 30, 2001
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: ...on a BLACK WAVE - vast, oceanic, and coming right at us.
scene_heading: BEGIN TITLES.
text: The wave is relentless, huge, menacing. We can't tell if this
dialog: is daytime or night because it simply obscures everything -
text: noisily. It sucks, it yawns, it roars.
dialog: Then we realize... this massive wave of darkness is actually
text: just a RUN-OFF of dirty black WATER alongside the edge of an
text: Interstate. We PULL OUT OF IT now...
text: ...to find concrete, and garbage, and weeds. END TITLES.
scene_heading: 1 EXT. DITCH - OFF THE INTERSTATE - 4:30 A.M. 1
text: Amongst the refuse is a discarded MILK CARTON, resting on its
text: back. The carton asks "Have You Seen Me?" above a photographed
text: face that's been obscured by grime.
text: Yellowing newspaper, old Coke cans, Twinkie wrappers... in
text: that bed of untended weeds. A hollow Texas wind blows through
dialog: it all. We stay with the carton...
text: Then that hollow wind gains speed... and a deep RUMBLE grows
text: in the distance, becoming a ROAR. The yellowed newspaper lifts
text: off and whips past us.
text: ...as an 18-WHEEL MACK TRUCK blows by, just a blur in the
text: corner of our frame, doing 75 in the pre-dawn darkness.
text: Then, the truck is gone, and the rush of air dissipates. The
text: milk carton, the coke cans... they lie undisturbed.
text: A LIGHT RAIN begins to fall... and some of the grime washes
text: away from that milk carton, revealing a face. A child. "Have
dialog: You Seen Me?" It's heartbreaking.
text: TILT UP... to take in the vast flatness of Texas' I-35:
text: concrete forever. In the distance, gray highway yields to
text: black STORMCLOUDS gathering silently over endless prairie.
text: A vertical vein of LIGHTNING streaks through one of them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: ...a spoon, stirring a cup of coffee.
dialog: 2.
scene_heading: 2 INT. "THE ALL-AMERICAN DINER" - GAINESVILLE TEXAS - CONTINUING 2
dialog: (4:30 A.M.)
text: HAROLD SPECK sits: mid 40's, pleasant face. A family man.
text: Reads "Rod and Reel" magazine. Has a SALESMAN'S CASE by his
text: side. Around him is a TRUCK-STOP in twilight:
text: Truckers at the counter, Elvis on the wall, a "Drink Bud!"
text: mirror. The WORLD SERIES can be heard on a RADIO...
speaker_heading: DOLLY (O.S.)
dialog: Top that off for ya, Hon?
text: That's DOLLY, a waitress, (50, been here too long.) Speck
text: looks up, smiles thinly, "No." Dolly heads off. Speck returns
text: to his article, underlining a particular passage.
text: ...until a MAN seats himself, suddenly, in the seat opposite
text: Speck's. Speck reacts, startled.
speaker_heading: SPECK
dialog: Jesus...
text: The MAN's name is O'RYAN. We only see PIECES of him: his eyes,
text: his hands, a stain on his parka...
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: What's in the case?
speaker_heading: SPECK
dialog: I'm sorry?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: You're always lugging that case around.
dialog: I'm curious.
text: Speck looks around: there are plenty of empty tables in here.
dialog: So why is this guy bothering me???
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you sell?
speaker_heading: SPECK
dialog: I'm... in restaurant supplies. I didn't
dialog: get your name?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Must travel a lot, huh?
dialog: Speck is looking for Dolly, a Manager, anyone...
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Whole country, or just hereabouts?
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: SPECK
dialog: I don't mean to be rude but--
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: How's your wife feel about it?
text: That spun things a bit. Speck pauses.
speaker_heading: SPECK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: She must get lonely, with you gone all
dialog: the time. Does she?
speaker_heading: SPECK
dialog: Look, I...
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Do you get lonely?
text: Speck's so thrown now he can't answer.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Ya miss fucking her, Harold?
speaker_heading: SPECK
dialog: Listen, I don't know who you are but you
dialog: can't--
text: O'Ryan silences him... by holding up a piece of paper. On it
text: is a DRAWING. The image faces away from us. But Speck can see
text: it in rich detail. And his eyes go wide.
text: We catch GLIMPSES: The color of flesh. A body-part. Looks like
text: a rendering of a young, naked WOMAN.
text: And, just like that, Speck finds himself STARING. Glued.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Did it myself. It's sort of a hobby.
dialog: (no reply)
dialog: I've got more. Would you like to see
dialog: them?
text: O'Ryan lowers it and slides a SECOND DRAWING over... Speck is
text: speechless, transfixed. Can't look away.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell me: those jokes about the traveling
dialog: salesman and the farmer's daughter - are
dialog: they true?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (Speck remains silent)
dialog: Here. This one's my favorite.
text: O'Ryan slides over DRAWING #3. Again, we don't get to see it.
dialog: And we still haven't seen all of O'Ryan's face.
text: But we can see Speck, and his reaction. Utter horror. In fact
text: he recoils so violently that his coffee spills.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Really says it all, wouldn't you agree?
speaker_heading: SPECK
dialog: You're a... You're sick.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: That's a matter of opinion.
speaker_heading: SPECK
dialog: You're sick!
text: He rises, leaving the drawings behind. We STAY WITH HIM as he
text: crosses the diner - deeply unsettled. He reaches the Manager,
text: (MEL, balding, 50, in no mood) at the register.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Mmm-hmm?
speaker_heading: SPECK
dialog: I'm having a problem - with another
dialog: customer. I'd like you to ask him to
dialog: leave, please.
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: What kind of problem?
speaker_heading: SPECK
dialog: He's--
text: He turns, to point out O'Ryan.
text: ...but the booth, suddenly, is empty. The guy has simply
text: disappeared, taking those drawings with him.
text: Speck tightens. Mel eyes him, annoyed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 5.
scene_heading: 3 EXT. ALL-AMERICAN DINER - PARKING LOT - MOMENTS LATER 3
text: Speck hurries out to his Buick, checking over his shoulder
text: repeatedly. Gets to the car, fumbles with his keys. They fall
text: to the asphalt. He grabs them, opens the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 4 INT. SPECK'S CAR - DRIVING - MOMENTS LATER 4
text: Speck guns the Buick. Interstate 35 flies by. The farther he
dialog: gets away from that Diner, the happier he'll be.
text: ...until a strange SOUND gets his attention: it's WIND, as if
text: whistling through a ghost town. Hollow, varied - building then
text: falling off again. Wind.
text: Trouble is, the windows in this Buick are up.
text: Yet there it is again: a thin, hollow GHOST-TOWN WIND,
text: whistling over his shoulder. He's heard it before - in every
dialog: Western he ever watched as a kid.
text: But this wind is coming from his back-seat.
text: The blood drains right out of Speck's face. Doesn't know if he
dialog: should jam on the brakes or drive faster.
text: He looks in his rear-view, catches a glimpse of a LATEX GLOVE
text: snapping onto a hand. Dear God: O'Ryan is back there, making
text: that odd Ghost-Town wind sound. Whistling.
speaker_heading: SPECK
dialog: (sheer terror)
dialog: What-do-you-want?! What-do-you-want-with-
dialog: me?!
text: No reply. Instead, another gift appears from the back: a
text: FOURTH DRAWING, tossed from the darkness into Speck's lap.
text: He looks down, registers the image... and SHRIEKS.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (O.S.)
text: There's a rest stop, next off-ramp. Pull
dialog: into it.
speaker_heading: SPECK
dialog: I have some money. It's not a lot but--
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Nobody wants your money, Harold. Just
dialog: pull in.
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: SPECK
dialog: Why?!
text: O'Ryan rises into frame now, like Nosferatu...
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Because I don't wanna do this at 70 miles
dialog: an hour. It could be dangerous.
text: Speck finds the off-ramp. His breaths are shallow now.
speaker_heading: SPECK
dialog: Please, Mister - what do you want from
dialog: me?
text: O'Ryan's face: a knowing grin fans across it...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: ...the face of VIRGIL RAY STARKEY, on a bulletin board.
scene_heading: 5 INT. F.B.I. RESIDENT AGENCY - WICHITA FALLS - MORNING (SAME 5
speaker_heading: DAY)
text: We're looking at the F.B.I.'s "Ten Most-Wanted List." Starkey
text: is #7 on it. He's 40, white. His crime are listed as rape,
dialog: murder, kidnapping.
text: THOMAS MACKELWAY stares at Starkey's image. At the eyes...
text: Mackelway is 34, bred for success - bred for stardom in fact,
dialog: a whiz at everything he's ever attempted.
dialog: So what the hell is he doing in Wichita Falls, Texas...?
text: EIGHT AGENTS, in cubicles, with a ring of outer offices. Quiet
text: phones, lousy take-out options, hardly a dream gig.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON (O.S.)
dialog: Got a spot set up for you, Tom.
text: That's RICK CHARLTON: late 40's, thinning hair, friendly.
text: Charlton heads around a corner. Mackelway follows.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Ms. Potter's the nice girl you met at the
text: desk. She puts a package together for all
dialog: the new agents, things to know about the
dialog: area, help with finding apartments and
dialog: such. This one's yours:
text: Charlton stops at a CUBICLE: Carpeted walls, formica desk. A
text: corner of dull Hell. Mackelway eyes it, fighting dread.
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Not so different from Dallas, is it?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (fuck yes)
dialog: No, Sir.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Good.
text: An abandoned SPORTS PAGE tells us about that World Series, so
text: we must be mid-October. Charlton heads out. Mackelway throws a
text: briefcase on to the desk, setting up his world:
text: A framed picture of himself and his BROTHER, ages 10 and 15,
dialog: on a childhood camping trip. Address book, coffee-warmer,
text: calendar, a baseball covered with autographs.
text: He opens up a drawer, and casually tosses two bottles of
text: BUFFERIN into the back of it.
text: ...but first grabs four tablets from one of the bottles,
text: and throws them down his throat, as:
speaker_heading: GRIEVES (O.S.)
dialog: Ya like Frito Pies?
text: Mackelway turns. BILL GRIEVES stands here, holding a white
text: grease-stained paper-bag. Grieves is Mackelway's age, not
dialog: quite as ambitious. But solid, decent.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I dunno. What are they?
text: Grieves pulls out a greasy concoction that's wrapped up like a
dialog: semi-burrito. Pure Texas. Tosses it to Mackelway:
speaker_heading: GRIEVES
dialog: Welcome to the minors.
text: Grieves passes by with a faint smile, handing out lunch to a
text: few other agents. Mackelway eyes the still-wrapped Frito Pie.
dialog: God, get me outta here...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 6 INT. WICHITA FALLS F.B.I. OFFICE - LATER 6
text: A BRIEF MONTAGE: Mackelway, in his cubicle, watching as THOSE
text: OTHER AGENTS take calls, strap on guns, head out on
dialog: assignment. Men in motion.
dialog: 8.
text: But Mackelway's land-locked, writing up an Auto-Theft report.
text: It's drudgery, but he's meticulous about it, deleting the word
text: "beige" and replacing it with "tan."
text: His head is throbbing - not an unusual circumstance for him.
dialog: But after lingering for a half-second on that "Most-Wanted
dialog: List" again? Starkey? It's a wound...
scene_heading: 7 INT. F.B.I. OFFICE - KITCHENETTE - MOMENTS LATER 7
text: Mackelway struggles with a COFFEE MACHINE that's unfamiliar to
dialog: him. Filter, water, grounds, etc.
speaker_heading: KATIE (O.S.)
dialog: Here. Lemme do that.
text: He turns. This is KATIE POTTER. She's 25, friendly, under-
dialog: challenged by her job. Been here two years. In two seconds
dialog: she's got the thing percolating. Of course.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: It takes some experience.
text: He shrugs, not feeling too smooth.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You're Mackelway, right?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Mmm-hmm.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Fax came in for you. It's the room next
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Oh. Thanks.
text: He rises, heads for the "fax room"...
scene_heading: 8 INT. "FAX ROOM" - CONTINUING 8
text: A former closet, converted into useful space. FIVE FAX
text: MACHINES sit on stands, sharing a surge protector. One fax
text: machine is printing. Mackelway approaches it.
text: Six pieces of paper await him. The first is a TOP-SHEET,
text: written by hand: "Attention: Agent Thomas Mackelway, FBI
dialog: Resident Agency - Wichita Falls." No sender named.
text: He looks beneath the top sheet - at Page One of the fax.
dialog: 9.
text: A young BOY stares back at him, his face photostatically
text: copied. Across the top, also-handwritten: "HAVE YOU SEEN ME?"
text: At the bottom of the sheet, typed, we read:
dialog: "Jason Corey, Age 14. Ht. 5'1", Wt. 130, Eyes Brn, Hair Brn.
dialog: Last Seen: Riverside, Ca. Date of Disappearance: 10-16-99."
text: Mackelway eyes the face, then the vitals. No idea why this was
text: sent to him. Then he looks at Page Two.
text: A young WOMAN stares back at him this time. Another faxed
text: photo. Another "HAVE YOU SEEN ME?" scrawled across the top of
text: it. And, at the bottom of the sheet:
dialog: "Anna Casitas, Age 22. Ht. 5'6", Wt. 125, Eyes Brn, Hair Blk.
dialog: Last Seen: Macon, Ga. Date of Disappearance: 5-6-00."
text: The other three faxes are more of the same: Pictures and
text: vitals. Faces. Facts. "HAVE YOU SEEN ME?"
text: He looks at the bottom of the transmissions, finds the fax
text: number of the sender. Dials it. All he hears back is the loud
text: grainy shriek of a dedicated fax line.
text: He eyes the faxes again. It's not alarming, but it's odd. Then
text: Charlton emerges from his office, shouting:
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Mackelway! You gonna sit on your ass all
dialog: day, or do you wanna do something?
text: Mackelway's out of this room in an instant.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 9 EXT. REST STOP - OFF THE INTERSTATE - DAY 9
dialog: Your standard roadside rest-stop: a parking lot with weeds
dialog: poking through it and bathrooms you wouldn't go near. Those
text: STORMCLOUDS we saw earlier are CLOSER now...
text: POLICE CARS and HIGHWAY PATROL MOTORCYCLES fill this site.
text: Charlton's FBI SEDAN pulls up. He and Mackelway get out.
text: Two men approach: SHERIFF HARRY DYLAN, 50; and his deputy, BUD
text: GRANGER, a gangly, baby-faced pup.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Afternoon, Rick.
dialog: (Charlton nods)
dialog: Looks like a robbery/homicide. Body's
dialog: over that way.
dialog: 10.
text: He gestures toward a ravine, where a TOW TRUCK is currently
text: lowering a winch toward an abandoned vehicle.
text: It is Harold Speck's Buick, nose-down in the ravine, teetering
text: on a rock, like the balanced scales of justice.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Ya run the plates?
text: Charlton eyes Mackelway: "Easy, Hot-shot." Mackelway nods,
text: reminding himself to remember his new rank. Dylan hands a
dialog: preliminary report to Charlton.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
text: Fella's name is Harold Speck. Traveling
dialog: salesman, from Abilene.
text: Charlton eyes the report, then hands it to Mackelway. The
text: hierarchy is being made clear. Very.
text: Mackelway turns: this ravine runs right up against a SIGN that
dialog: reads "Welcome to Texas" on one side and "You are now leaving
dialog: Oklahoma" on the other.
text: A vehicle, left right on the state-line. Odd...
text: Then, a NOISE: that Tow-Truck WINCH, grinding badly. It's just
text: about to yank the Buick out of this ditch.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (it blurts out)
dialog: Hey!
text: Before Charlton can react, Mackelway is running across this
text: weed-choked lot, zeroing in on the TOW-TRUCK DRIVER.
scene_heading: 10 EXT. ATOP THE RAVINE - CONTINUING 10
text: The Driver, JUMBO, is operating the winch from a hydraulic
text: handle on the back of the truck. Mackelway barrels in:
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: What the fuck're you doing?!
speaker_heading: JUMBO
dialog: What's it look like, Bud?
text: Mackelway reaches past Jumbo and hits the "Stop" button
text: himself. The winch shuts down. Mackelway turns. A handful of
text: LOCAL COPS stand atop this ravine, watching.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: You guys ever heard of evidentiary
dialog: procedure?
text: No one replies. Charlton approaches. Mackelway tightens,
text: expecting a reprimand for overstepping his bounds.
speaker_heading: MACKWELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry, Sir. There wasn't time.
text: Charlton eyes the car. Then Mackelway.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Did the right thing, Agent Mackelway.
dialog: Let's have a look.
text: Charlton starts down the embankment. Mackelway doesn't,
text: hanging back as he eyes the TRACKS this Buick made before
dialog: tumbling. Something about them...
text: He pulls a small CAMERA from his pocket, a Minox. Snaps off a
text: few photos of the scene - the Buick, the ravine, those tracks,
text: some FOOTPRINTS alongside them.
text: Then he heads down the 15-foot embankment.
scene_heading: 11 EXT. RAVINE - CONTINUING 11
text: It's an ugly sight. Speck is inches from us, but his head is
text: facing in the other direction, twisted unnaturally.
text: Mackelway kneels beside the open window, pulls out some
text: gloves, puts them on. He will not lean on the car, or even
text: breathe on it, his caution around evidence obvious.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON (O.S.)
dialog: What's that?
text: Charlton is opposite him, outside the passenger-side window,
text: pointing at the DRAWING that O'Ryan had tossed onto Speck's
text: lap. It lies face down on the seat.
text: But something's been FINGER-PAINTED on the back of it: A
text: RED CIRCLE, with a SLASH through it.
text: Charlton begins to reach for it, when:
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (to stop him)
dialog: Sir?
text: Charlton stops. Mackelway indicates: "Gloves."
dialog: 12.
text: Charlton eyes him. It's irritating being corrected by a guy
dialog: you outrank, especially when he's right.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sort of a... stickler for procedure.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: I imagine you would be.
text: That was a jab, but we don't know it yet. Charlton puts on his
text: gloves. Mackelway snaps off a few more shots with that Minox,
text: looking over the rest of this car, as:
speaker_heading: GRANGER
dialog: (aloud)
dialog: Hey Jumbo. Toss me down a crowbar.
text: Granger's by the trunk. Before Mackelway can comment, Jumbo
text: has tossed a CROWBAR down from the top of the embankment: a
text: ten-pound hunk of iron, flying right at us.
text: Everybody ducks... as it CLANGS on the roof of the Buick.
text: Jumbo shrugs.
speaker_heading: JUMBO
dialog: You said toss it.
text: Mackelway shakes his head. "Shitkicker." Granger grabs the
text: crowbar. He's just about to open the trunk as:
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Hold it a second.
text: Granger pauses. Mackelway crosses to the trunk, and snaps off
text: a few shots with the Minox.
text: Something catches his eye, along the line of the TRUNK. He
text: kneels closer... An odd RESIDUE, crusty and hard, has formed a
text: thin line on top of the paint in a single post.
text: He takes out a VIAL, and scrapes some of the residue into it.
text: Then he sniffs it. Pauses...
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Smells like... clove.
dialog: He looks to Granger: now you can open the trunk.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (re: Mackelway)
dialog: Where the hell'd you find this guy?
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Field Office. Dallas.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Well now...
dialog: (Charlton shrugs)
dialog: So what the hell's he doin' here?
text: That one is left unanswered. Granger opens the trunk.
text: Mackelway and the others look inside...
text: There, they find restaurant supplies: napkin dispensers, salt-
text: shakers, ketchup dispensers, a short-order wheel... And a
text: fishing reel, tackle-box, a kid's bicycle helmet.
text: Mackelway eyes it all, but his instincts tell him there's
text: nothing significant here. So he returns to Speck's body.
text: He leans in, lifts Speck's head a few inches away from the
text: steering wheel. Gently.
text: ...which is when we learn that Speck's EYELIDS have been torn
text: off. It's gruesome, but Mackelway notes it calmly. Charlton
text: leans in, gets a look.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Christ...
text: Mackelway is expressionless. But something about these LIDLESS
text: EYES draws him closer. He leans in, then BAM! We are rocketed
text: into a series of dark, disjointed images:
scene_heading: 12 EXT. A WHEAT FIELD - NIGHT 12
text: Seems like we're standing in a field of TALL WHEAT; we can't
text: say for sure. Everything's wet, wind-whipped.
text: A MUZZLE FLASH... Someone just fired a gun. We slump hard to
text: the ground. Then we look up.
text: Mackelway stands over us, his face wet with rain. Then, just
dialog: as quickly, those IMAGES VANISH and we are:
scene_heading: 13 INT. UNIDENTIFIED MOTEL ROOM - GRAHAM TEXAS - DAY 13
text: We start on the EYES OF O'RYAN. Cross-Dissolve to a pad of
text: paper, on a DESK. Scrawled on the pad is a WAVY LINE. He holds
text: the tip of that pen upon it, for a few seconds, as if
text: expecting to get some kind of pulse from it.
text: Here come those IMAGES again: wet wheat, a muzzle flash,
text: Mackelway. Choppy, disjointed, dark. Then they cease...
dialog: 14.
text: ...and O'Ryan begins to DRAW, hurriedly. Only half of his face
text: is visible to us, but we can tell that his concentration is
dialog: total.
text: His pen continues its furious work, a spasm of activity, as
text: the SOUNDS of that vision bleed in: the gun-shot, the rain,
text: the wind. They're all alive in O'Ryan's mind...
text: And that DRAWING takes shape quickly: The wheat field, the
dialog: gun, Mackelway.
text: Then, the pen is set down. The drawing is complete.
text: O'Ryan eyes it calmly, then checks his watch, jotting down the
text: exact time and date on to the drawing. Then he slips it into a
text: folder marked, "MACKELWAY."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 14 EXT. SPECK'S HOME - ABILENE, TEXAS - ESTAB. DAY 14
text: Picket fence, a swing on the porch, a lawn that needs mowing.
text: A LINE OF PEOPLE file in, each bringing food... and tissues to
dialog: cry into.
scene_heading: 15 INT. SPECK'S HOME - LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER (DAY) 15
text: Shocked faces. Food on unmatching trays. Speck's wife - JAN,
text: 40 and frayed - sits in a chair, immobile. FRIENDS and FAMILY
text: mill about, tending to her.
text: KIDS hover. Two of them, a 4-YEAR-OLD BOY and an 8-YEAR-OLD
text: GIRL, sniff back tears as people offer condolences.
text: But the focus here is Jan - her grief. She's shaking...
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (O.S.)
dialog: Mrs. Speck?
text: She looks up. O'Ryan crouches down, to eye-level, one of fifty
text: faces in here. Jan half-nods.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Just wanted to offer my condolences.
dialog: (takes her hand)
dialog: I didn't know him well but... I think
dialog: Harold was a much more complex man than
dialog: people realized.
text: Jan is so raw that anything about Speck touches her now.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: (through tears)
dialog: He was, wasn't he?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: I'm very sorry for your loss, ma'am.
text: She sniffs back a tear, thanks him with a smile. O'Ryan
text: extends his hand to her. She takes it. He moves off.
text: Beside her is a FRAMED PORTRAIT of Speck. We blow past it, and
text: into the BLACK CREPE that is adorning the corner of the
dialog: portrait's FRAME, and:
text: BAM! We're rocketed back into a set of odd IMAGES again:
scene_heading: 16 EXT. DARKNESS - UNIDENTIFIED TIME 16
text: This time, everything before us is a blur of gray. We hear
text: that wet wind. We hear our own heavy BREATHING, as if we were
text: running somewhere... a VOICE, rising above the wind, seems to
dialog: be saying:
speaker_heading: (O.S.)
dialog: Please...
text: The sound echoes oddly, as if bouncing off a satellite
text: somewhere, or a distance of time and space.
text: Then the sound and the soupy grayness VANISH. This vision just
text: ended. When we pop back out of it, we're TIGHT on Mackelway...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 17 INT. MACKELWAY'S YUKON - PARKING LOT - GAINESVILLE 10:30 P.M. 17
text: Mackelway sits behind the wheel of his Chevy Yukon, parked
text: between two big-rigs in the lot of the "All-American Diner."
text: Sky looks black tonight. It rumbles...
dialog: And that soupy gray vision we just heard and saw... It was all
dialog: his.
text: He pulls four more Bufferins out of a bottle in his pocket.
text: Slugs them down. This headache is a constant. Then he gets out
dialog: of the Yukon...
scene_heading: 18 INT. ALL-AMERICAN DINER GAINESVILLE - CONTINUING 18
text: Mackelway enters, spots Charlton at a booth - sitting opposite
text: a WOMAN, her back to us.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: 19 INT. BOOTH - CONTINUING 19
text: Mackelway approaches. The Woman doesn't turn.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Agent Mackelway. I was 'bout to introduce
dialog: you, but I understand that won't be
dialog: necessary.
text: Mackelway doesn't get it... until the WOMAN turns. She is
text: AGENT FRAN KULOK. 35, sharp, pretty when she allows herself to
text: be. But with a guard that never comes down.
text: Mackelway has some history with her, so he tries not to react.
text: It takes some effort.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Seems your former office has decided we
dialog: might need some help on this one. So they
dialog: sent out Agent Kulok.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Tom.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Fran.
text: That was terse, from both of them. Charlton takes note.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: I guess we're skipping the tearful
dialog: reunion. Have a seat, Tom.
text: Mackelway sits opposite Fran. She folds her hands.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: How's things back at the ranch?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Movin' right along.
dialog: That might've been a dig; Charlton can't tell.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Okay. Whadda we know?
speaker_heading: FRAN
text: Picked up a foot-print in the back seat
text: of Speck's car, size-and-a-half bigger
dialog: than Speck's.
text: Just like that, Fran is piping up. Mackelway's unoffended.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: 'Kay.
speaker_heading: FRAN
text: Wounds on Speck's throat indicate that he
dialog: was strangled from behind... I think our
text: guy waited for him in the backseat,
dialog: sprung this on him once the car was
dialog: moving.
text: She slides that FOURTH DRAWING to Charlton - giving us our
dialog: first look at it.
scene_heading: INSERT - THE DRAWING:
text: ...a STEAMER-TRUNK, lined with plastic. Inside it are large
text: ZIPLOC BAGS. Inside the bags are BODY PARTS.
text: It's realized so accurately that it looks more like a
dialog: photograph. No wonder it horrified Speck so deeply.
scene_heading: THE BOOTH - RESUMING
text: Charlton eyes it without reaction.
speaker_heading: FRAN (CONT'D)
text: Lab picked up talcum traces on the edges
text: of the paper, consistent with powdered
dialog: gloves.
dialog: (Charlton nods)
dialog: So he gets the dropped in his lap, it
text: spooks him, and the car winds up in the
text: ravine.
dialog: Plausible enough, until:
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I don't think so, no. I think it was
dialog: pushed.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: How ya figure?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
text: The look of the tracks. Foot-prints near
text: the embankment.
text: Without embellishing any further, he slides over the
dialog: PHOTOGRAPHS that he took this morning with the Minox: tire-
text: tracks, foot-prints. She eyes them.
text: Then she eyes Mackelway. Charlton notes the tension.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Okay. So our guy likes to draw pictures
dialog: of body parts and then spring 'em on
dialog: people. What's that get us?
dialog: (they're silent)
dialog: That's what I thought.
text: There is plenty going unsaid here between Mackelway and Fran.
dialog: Charlton has no time for it.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Oh. 'Fore I forget. This came in for you:
text: He tosses a 9-by-12 ENVELOPE at Mackelway, who opens it. Six
text: sheets of paper slide out.
text: First one we see is the TOP SHEET of a FAX: same hand-written
dialog: inscription as the last one: "Attention, Agent Thomas
dialog: Mackelway, FBI Resident Agency, Wichita Falls."
dialog: Okay. This is twice now. He knows what will be under this top
dialog: sheet without even looking. But here's Page One:
text: A photo of a middle-aged African-American WOMAN. Across the
text: top of the photo, in hand-writing: "HAVE YOU SEEN ME?"
text: And typed on the bottom: "Tanya Green. Age 42. Ht. 5'9", Wt.
dialog: 165, Eyes Blk, Hair Blk. Last Seen: Ames, Iowa. Date of
dialog: Disappearance: 3-22-97."
text: The following four sheets bring four more faces: men, women,
text: young, old. Four more HAVE YOU SEEN ME's.
text: But before he can think it through, he hears:
speaker_heading: MANAGER (O.S.)
dialog: It's about time.
text: They turn. That came from the NIGHT MANAGER: a humorless guy
text: named LES. He's looking at the front door, through which Dolly
text: has just entered. Pink cowboy boots tonight.
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: Don't start in on me, Les. I couldn't get
dialog: the pickup started and Harlan took the
dialog: Dodge.
text: The Manager now throws a glance at the three feds in the
text: booth. Dolly stops short, taken aback.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: DOLLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Holy Hell. My one shot at winding up on
dialog: "Cops" and I'm in my weekday boots!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 20 INT. DINER - BOOTH - LATER 20
text: Dolly and Mel sit opposite Mackelway and Fran.
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: He was a quiet guy. Normal. Liked to read
dialog: fishing magazines. Not much of a tipper.
dialog: Is that a lousy thing to say?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: It's fine.
text: Mel rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: What can you tell us about the other man?
speaker_heading: MEL
dialog: Like I said, I never really saw him.
dialog: Harold came up, complainin' about the guy
dialog: - but time I turned, he was gone.
speaker_heading: FRAN MACK
dialog: (at Dolly:) (at Dolly:)
dialog: Could you de-- Did you get a--
text: They each stop short, waiting for the other to yield. Finally
dialog: Mackelway nods, "Go ahead."
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Can you describe him, Ma'am?
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: Sure. He was...
text: Dolly pauses, her face scrunching a bit. Troubled...
speaker_heading: DOLLY (CONT'D)
dialog: That's weird. Guy was in here better part
dialog: of an hour. We had a real pleasant
dialog: chat... But I can't remember a thing
dialog: about him. For the life of me. Couldn't
dialog: even tell you what color his eyes were.
text: She shrugs apologetically.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Happen to see what he was driving?
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: That one's easy. It's still in the lot.
dialog: (they perk up)
dialog: The Bonneville out there with the awful
dialog: paint job.
text: She gestures to the lot, where an old PONTIAC BONNEVILLE sits,
text: its paint stripped down to the primer. Bingo.
text: Fran and Mackelway eye it, then one another.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 21 EXT. DINER - PARKING LOT - MOMENTS LATER 21
text: Fran and Mackelway emerge, heading for the Bonneville.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: We ought to work out some kind of
dialog: protocol.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
text: Interviews. Witnesses. Looks pretty
dialog: silly, our talking over one another.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Fine. I'll handle them from now on.
text: He doesn't argue. They come to a stop at that Bonneville,
dialog: stripped down to its primer. Time to work...
text: Two agents, all instinct. We see them study things, details,
text: their minds always churning... Mackelway pulls out his Minox,
text: snaps off a few more shots. Then:
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
text: Trunk's ajar.
text: She turns. Sure enough, the Bonneville's trunk is ajar.
text: Mackelway approaches, cautiously.
text: He doesn't have gloves on him, so he uses his jacket pocket to
text: protect against prints. He opens the trunk.
text: First thing he sees is that SYMBOL again: a circle-with-a-
text: slash-through-it... staring right at him.
dialog: 21.
text: But this time, it's been carved into somebody's back.
text: Mackelway stares. So does Fran. Before them lies a body,
text: stripped to the waist: a chunky middle-aged MAN. Dead.
text: Mackelway sighs. Things just got tougher...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 22 INT. ARCHER COUNTY MORGUE - DAY 22
text: Harold Speck lies on a table. A BESPECTACLED CORONER examines
text: him. Victim #2, BARNEY FULCHER, lies on another, his ample
text: frame yet to be examined.
text: The lights are out, but that Coroner wears a FLUORESCENT HALO,
text: with a MICROPHONE pinned to his gown. He speaks into it with a
dialog: quiet monotone: anatomical terms, etc.
text: Mackelway and Fran are here... watching. Mackelway is
text: particularly focused on Fulcher's face. His EYELIDS, we now
dialog: see, have also been torn off. Hmmmm...
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Why eyelids?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: No other signs of torture here. Why take
dialog: somebody's eyelids off?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: So they can't blink.
text: She sighs, aloud: "I know that already, Asshole." Coroner
text: keeps his head down, speaking into that microphone.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: It's a metaphor - to make certain the
dialog: victim sees... or to make certain that we
dialog: see something.
dialog: (she's silent)
dialog: Or maybe it's just a fuck-you.
text: Coroner continues his monotone narration... then crosses to
dialog: the sink.
dialog: That puts him out of earshot. So:
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Fran, quietly)
dialog: I'm sorry about Don.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (thrown)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: You're not wearing your ring anymore.
dialog: That was an attempt at kindness. She knows that. Still, she
text: eyes her left hand, self-consciously, while Mackelway loses
text: himself in those lidless eyes of Fulcher's...
text: Then there's a KNOCK AT THE GLASS WINDOW BEHIND THEM.
text: They turn. Charlton stands on the other side of a GLASS
text: WINDOW, in a VIEWING ROOM adjacent to this Morgue. He presses
text: a piece of paper up against the glass.
text: On it, in typed bold letters at the top, we read: "MATCHES
text: ONE OF ONE." Below that we see that Circle-with-the-slash-
dialog: through-it.
text: This is a FAX, which Charlton's just received. He points
text: further down on the fax at what look like little squiggles at
text: first, until we move in to discover it is a hand drawn street
dialog: map.
text: The ink bleeds a bit due to a poor fax transmission. Those
text: scrawled lines take us to "The Hope House," in Oklahoma City.
text: At the bottom a scribbled name, "David Dyson," and a contact
dialog: number.
text: Moving closer to the glass, Mackelway nods. He just got a
dialog: break...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 23 INT. GRAMMAR-SCHOOL AUDITORIUM - BOULDER, CO. - DAY 23
text: A CHOIR of FIRST AND SECOND GRADERS stands before a school
text: assembly. The rest of Boulder Elementary's student body fills
text: the seats in here, along with FACULTY MEMBERS.
text: Everybody's weeping. A framed picture of Barney Fulcher sits
text: on a stand, with candles around it:
scene_heading: SINGING FIRST AND SECOND GRADERS
dialog: A-may-zing Grace, How sweet the sound--
dialog: 23.
text: In the back, some of the TOWNSFOLK have gathered for this
text: assembly, touched. O'Ryan stands among them. No expression on
dialog: his face at all...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 24 EXT. "HOPE HOUSE" - OKLAHOMA CITY - NIGHT 24
text: A three-story Victorian residence in decay, next door to a
text: CHURCH/SOUP KITCHEN in the middle of Oklahoma City's Skid Row.
text: Rain falls. The street is still.
text: Mackelway approaches this halfway-house. A few lights shine
text: within, and the blue glow of a tv. Upstairs can be heard the
text: strident, off-key voice of somebody singing.
scene_heading: 25 EXT./INT. HOPE HOUSE - DOORWAY - CONTINUING 25
text: The front door is open. Through a SCREEN DOOR, Mackelway can
text: see an old-fashioned "foyer." He knocks. Waits.
text: Two sounds dominate: the buzz from that tv, and the strident
text: singing, which we realize is an a capela version of "La Vida
text: Loca" audible through an open bedroom window.
text: But no one's coming to answer the door, and it's wide open
text: anyway... So Mackelway enters.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: 26 INT. HOPE HOUSE - ENTRY - CONTINUING 26
text: TV room is to his left. There, a single 35 year-old DRUNK/
text: TRANSIENT (we'll call him "PIPER") sits, watching "Behind the
dialog: Music" on VH1. Tonight's subject? Leif Garret...
text: Piper doesn't look up, or acknowledge Mackelway at all. Rather
text: he INCREASES THE TV VOLUME to drown out the singing upstairs,
text: which seems to be intentionally off-key.
text: Torn couches, stained carpet, cracked window. Posters and
text: fliers on the walls. 10 BEDROOMS upstairs.
speaker_heading: DYSON (O.S.)
dialog: Agent Mackelway?
text: Mackelway turns. Descending a creaking stairway is DAVID
text: DYSON: 50, lean, with a friendly smile.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: 27 INT. HOPE HOUSE - BASEMENT - MOMENTS LATER 27
text: We are staring at a BASEMENT WALL that has been covered, floor
text: to ceiling, with 1,000 identical renderings of that same
scene_heading: symbol: the CIRCLE-WITH-A-SLASH-THROUGH-IT.
text: 1,000 of them, in bright red paint, against pitch black
dialog: enamel. Only a machine could have achieved this kind of
dialog: repetition. Or a maniac.
text: This basement is leaky, drafty, poorly lit. But it's also
text: quiet: the sound of that awful singing upstairs has been MUTED
text: by the basement door and the rain itself.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Benjamin spent hours down here.
text: Mackelway takes it all in, every corner of this basement. He
text: notes a row of standing GYM LOCKERS.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (re: lockers)
dialog: Did he have access to those?
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: No. They're staff-only.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Would you mind opening them for me?
text: Dyson shrugs; he thinks it's a waste of time - but he'll do
text: it. Mackelway follows him across the dank room.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: He was here... seven years you said?
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Off and on. It's not uncommon for our
text: guests to vanish for months at a time.
text: Dyson works a combination lock on the first locker.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I ran the name through our database, just
dialog: to be sure. There's never been an Agent
dialog: Benjamin O'Ryan in the Bureau.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: No... but as elaborate fantasies go, it
dialog: was one of my favorites.
dialog: (fondly)
dialog: And he always seemed so sincere about it.
dialog: 25.
text: Dyson half-chuckles; he always liked the guy... He throws open
text: the locker. Inside, nothing. Mackelway indicates the next
text: locker. Dyson works the combination.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Is that what you called him? Benjamin?
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: It's what he wished to be called.
text: Locker #2 is opened - also empty. Only one locker left.
speaker_heading: DYSON (CONT'D)
dialog: (re: locker #3)
dialog: That one's mine.
text: Mackelway shrugs: "Sorry, it has to be opened." Dyson sighs,
text: then works the combination. Mackelway waits.
text: Locker #3 is opened. Inside, nothing incriminating: a sweater,
text: some old junk, two trophies. Dyson eyes him: "See?" Mackelway
text: nods. Dyson shuts the locker.
text: Mackelway looks to that wall: 1,000 copies of the circle-with-
text: a-slash-through-it. No idea what they signify...
speaker_heading: DYSON (CONT'D)
text: He painted one of the walls in his room,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Can I see it?
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: We've painted it over.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Still, might be helpful.
text: Dyson heads for the stairs. They're wooden slats with more
text: basement-junk stored below: old sporting equipment, an old
text: vaccuum cleaner, broken chairs, rusted patio furniture.
text: Mackelway follows. They climb...
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait.
text: They stop. Something just caught Mackelway's eye, visible
text: beneath these stairs: a BOX, with a bucket of PAINT sticking
dialog: out of it...
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: 28 INT. BASEMENT - BENEATH THE STAIRS - CONTINUING 28
text: Mackelway climbs under the stairs, crouching down, pushing
text: aside all of the aforementioned junk. He grabs the box.
dialog: Sure enough, that bucket once held red paint - same color
text: O'Ryan used to cover that wall. There's also a bucket of BLACK
text: PAINT here. And some used brushes.
text: Mackelway brings the box into the meager light. We get a look
text: INSIDE IT now. So does Dyson.
text: Inside, beneath the paint-buckets, we see a few TV GUIDES, a
text: yo-yo, a football. Then a BOOK on TRIBAL RITUAL AND TRANCE.
text: Mackelway grabs it, eyes it.
text: He flips through a few pages - odd images: a TRIBESMAN with
text: eyes rolling back in his head, strange rites, etc.
text: Mackelway sets the book down. Then, amidst the other materials
text: in this box, he spots a large folded MAP.
text: He grabs it, begins to unfold it. We see that this map's been
text: written on, in pen. Cities on it have been CIRCLED.
text: But before we can get a good look at it, Mackelway spots
text: something else, at the bottom of this box, a shocker:
text: A photograph of himself.
text: It takes him a second to realize what he's looking at. But
text: there it is, a NEWSPAPER PHOTO, of Agent Thomas Mackelway.
text: It is part of a FRONT-PAGE STORY, dated July of this year,
dialog: concerning the trial and release...of Virgil Ray Starkey. #7
dialog: on the F.B.I.'s Most-Wanted List...
text: Dyson can't help but notice the picture of Mackelway.
text: Mackelway stares. Suddenly we JUMP BACK IN TIME, NINE MONTHS,
text: for a brief, choppy FLASHBACK.
dialog: 29
scene_heading: 29 EXT. STREET - MATAMOROS - NIGHT - MACKELWAY'S FLASHBACK
text: We're RUNNING, dashing between two buildings of chipped-adobe,
text: hearing nothing but the sound of our own breathing and the
text: thuds of our own heavy feet.
text: This is Matamoros, Mexico, a shit-hole of a border town.
text: Squalor and sin. We find a DRUNK MEXICAN TEEN. He nods: "This
text: is the place," and sticks out his palm.
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: 30 INT. HOPE HOUSE - BASEMENT - RESUMING 30
text: Mackelway stares at that newspaper: Starkey - rapist,
text: murderer, whose case was just thrown out of court - a stunning
dialog: failure for all involved.
text: ...as we RESUME MACKELWAY'S FLASHBACK - Matamoros again...
scene_heading: 31 INT. "CLUB" - BACKSTAGE - RESUMING FLASHBACK 31
text: Bad-lighting, drunk patrons in a CIRCLE, and a DONKEY-SHOW
text: taking place on a bare stage. Feels like we've stepped into
text: some kind of evil carnival. It's dizzying.
text: Among the crowd: Virgil Starkey, in an ugly drunken binge, the
text: only guy in here who isn't cheering or laughing.
text: Suddenly our GUN is pointed right at his head.
text: Starkey freezes, caught. Some of the PATRONS around him find
text: somewhere else to stand... But the show goes on.
scene_heading: 32 INT. HOPE HOUSE - BASEMENT - RESUMING 32
text: That ARTICLE gives us more detail now, the reason Starkey's
dialog: case was thrown out of court. It is this:
text: The F.B.I. Agent on the case had made a mistake in
dialog: "evidentiary procedure." Hence, Mackelway's picture.
text: On his face, we GO BACK TO ANOTHER MEMORY: six months ago.
scene_heading: 33 INT. COURTHOUSE - ANTEROOM - DAY - ANOTHER FLASHBACK 33
text: Three months have passed since the arrest in Matamoros. Now
text: Mackelway sits in this courthouse ANTEROOM, adjacent to a
text: courtroom. Four sour PROSECUTORS surround him.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR #1
dialog: D'you understand how fucked we are?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Yes, Sir.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR #1
text: Leaving a tissue sample in the care of a
dialog: Mexican lab? Are you fucking kidding me?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: They assured me that they understood
dialog: protocol.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR #1
dialog: Well guess what? They didn't. And this
dialog: prick's gonna walk, ten murders or not.
dialog: That registered.
scene_heading: 34 INT. HOPE HOUSE - BASEMENT - RESUMING 34
text: Beneath this newspaper article are OTHER ARTICLES, all
text: concerning Starkey: his crimes, his capture, all of it.
text: Mackelway's memory just got stoked again:
scene_heading: 35 INT. COURTHOUSE - HALLWAY - RESUMING FLASHBACK 35
text: Mackelway emerges from that courthouse anteroom, whipped.
text: The hall's busy with MEDIA and other traffic. First face he
text: sees is Fran, who sits on a bench, (wedding ring ON). Her eyes
text: say how lousy she feels for him. It almost helps.
scene_heading: 36 INT. COURTHOUSE BATHROOM - CONTINUING FLASHBACK 36
text: The door bursts open and Mackelway storms in. No need to look
text: composed now; he's alone in here. He crosses to a paper-towel
text: dispenser, SLUGS IT. Stares in the mirror.
text: He's livid, embarrassed, frustrated - can barely look at his
dialog: own reflection.
text: Then he hears LAUGHTER, behind him. He turns.
text: Out of the darkness of a badly-lit STALL, Virgil Starkey
text: emerges, coming into view under a single light.
text: Beside him is a GRIM COP, his chaperone. Starkey passes by
text: Mackelway, almost snickering. Then he's gone. Mackelway shuts
text: his eyes tight. His head is pounding. END FLASHBACK.
scene_heading: 37 INT. HOPE HOUSE - BASEMENT - RESUMING 37
text: Mackelway stares... at a record of his deepest wound. But what
dialog: the hell is it doing in the locker of a transient?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 38 INT. HOPE HOUSE - "O'RYAN'S ROOM" - MOMENTS LATER 38
text: Mackelway leans in, looking around. A bed. A small end-table.
text: Bathroom. A window without bars.
dialog: 29.
text: From down the hall we hear the sound of a PHONE RINGING, then
text: a FAX transmission. An old fax machine begins to whine
text: noisily, creaking. It's a distraction.
text: But Mackelway's focus is in this room. The walls have been newly
text: painted. But there's a hint of barely-perceptible color
text: beneath one of them. Rain from a LEAKY ROOF is causing some of
text: the new paint to peel a bit.
text: A BUCKET collects drops in the center of the room. The feeling
text: in here is damp, mildewy, creepy. Mackelway remains in the
text: doorway... then backs out.
speaker_heading: DYSON (O.S.)
dialog: I guess you fellas're never unaccounted
dialog: for, huh?
scene_heading: 39 INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUING 39
text: Mackelway turns, a bit startled. Dyson is approaching, FAX in
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Huh?
text: Dyson extends six pages. On the TOP-SHEET, written by hand,
dialog: are the words: "Agent Thomas Mackelway, C/O Mr. David Dyson,
dialog: Hope House" with a street address.
dialog: And under that top sheet? Five more pages.
text: Mackelway sighs, takes them from Dyson. Sure enough, he's
text: staring at five more faces, five more fact sheets. Five more
dialog: HAVE YOU SEEN ME's.
dialog: But how would anyone know to send them here?
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Anything urgent?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (doesn't look up)
dialog: No.
text: Dyson is glad to hear it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 40 INT. HOPE HOUSE - FOYER - MOMENTS LATER 40
text: Mackelway descends, having had quite enough of this place.
text: Piper is where we left him, watching VH1 in the TV Room.
dialog: 30.
text: Mackelway passes, eyeing those newly-faxed pages: five more
text: HAVE YOU SEEN ME'S... He reaches the door.
speaker_heading: PIPER
dialog: Ever seen a fifty-foot shark?
text: Mackelway stops, turns.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I'm sorry?
speaker_heading: PIPER
dialog: Fifty-foot shark. Ever seen one?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PIPER
dialog: Doesn't mean there aren't any.
text: Great. Mackelway reaches for the front door again. Then he
text: halts. Maybe this guy can be helpful. Mackelway turns:
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Did you know him?
dialog: (Piper's silent)
dialog: The guy who used to stay upstairs.
dialog: "O'Ryan." Did you know him?
speaker_heading: PIPER
dialog: Why? Is he dead?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I don't...
speaker_heading: PIPER
dialog: You said "Did." Is he dead?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Oh. I mis-spoke. No, he's not dead...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You know him?
text: Piper nods.
text: Mackelway eyes him, then approaches, holding up a copy of that
text: image: the circle-with-slash-through-it.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: He ever talk about this? A circle with a
dialog: slash through it?
dialog: 31.
text: Piper rises, crosses to us... leaning in unnecessarily close.
dialog: It's unsettling.
speaker_heading: PIPER
dialog: That's not a circle. It's a zero.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Oh. How do you know?
text: Piper doesn't answer. Instead he simply starts whistling.
text: But it's not a tune coming out of his mouth. It's that same
text: sound that O'Ryan made: A WHISTLING WIND, blowing through a
text: ghost town... Building, then falling again.
text: Piper smiles, backing away, enjoying the theatricality of it,
text: stifling a giggle...
text: Then, suddenly, everything turns GRAINY, CHOPPY...
text: We've jumped into a distorted, REMOTE POV of this same scene -
text: as if watching it through a crystal ball, or a broken lens, or
dialog: a distance of time and space...
text: We see images, fragments: Piper, the tv, the sofa, Mackelway's
text: face. Then all sound breaks up, and we are...
scene_heading: 41 INT. MOTEL ROOM - SLEEPER, MISSOURI - CONTINUING 41
text: Start on O'Ryan's EYES. Then a pad of paper. The spasm of a
text: pen, scrawling a LIST on to it: "Piper. TV. Whistling." We're
text: in another non-descript MOTEL ROOM. $29 a night.
text: He holds down the point of his pen on a wavy line beside that
text: list of words, keeping it there for a few seconds, as if
text: expecting to receive some kind of pulse from it.
text: No more pulse. He has lost the "connection" that had somehow
text: transported him. He notes his watch. Jots down the exact time.
text: Slips the pad into that FOLDER: "Mackelway."
text: Then he starts to DRAW - a hurried but accurate sketch of
text: Mackelway and Piper, just as they stood during that
text: conversation. The geography is fairly accurate.
text: O'Ryan continues to draw. We CRANE OUT of this motel room, to
text: find, on the street below:
scene_heading: 42 EXT. A BAR - SLEEPER, MISSOURI - CONTINUING 42
text: A typical honky-tonk in a town called Sleeper, Missouri. Just
text: across the street from O'Ryan's cheap motel...
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: 43 INT. BAR - SLEEPER, MISSOURI - CONTINUING 43
text: Low-lights, dust on the floor. Pool tables.
text: LORETTA is a pretty 19-year-old who stands at the jukebox,
text: weighing her choices. She's got a thick curtain of hair, which
text: she wrangles with a CHIP-CLIP. It's a habit.
text: She chooses a country-rock tune, then heads for the bar,
text: walking to the beat. It's fun being 19 and beautiful.
scene_heading: 44 AT THE BAR - CONTINUING 44
text: The BARTENDER'S a stocky guy with a broad smile.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (re: song)
dialog: How's that?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Little cute for my taste, but I can stand
text: three minutes of it.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I'll have a seven and seven, please.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Seven and seven. Got some i.d.?
text: She half-laughs, as if she hasn't been carded in a decade, and
text: throws that curtain of hair from one side to the other, re-
text: fastening that chip-clip. It's her best move.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: It's in the car. No one's asked me for it
dialog: for a couple years now.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: If ya hurry, you'll still catch the end
dialog: of the song.
text: She eyes him: are you really carding me? He smiles: nothing
text: personal, Sugar. So she heads for the door.
text: ...on her way, she passes a booth. In it we find a familiar
dialog: face - Virgil Ray Starkey...
text: He remains still, as if he hadn't noticed her. But behind
text: his eyes, something primal just took place. He rises, heads
dialog: for the door.
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: 45 EXT. BAR - MOMENTS LATER 45
text: Loretta walks to her VW Bug. Starkey exits the bar. She
text: doesn't notice. We TILT UP: the lights are off in O'Ryan's
dialog: motel room...
scene_heading: 46 EXT. AT LORETTA'S CAR - MOMENTS LATER 46
text: It all happens pretty fast: That chip-clip hits the ground
text: beside the open VW door. A battered PICK-UP speeds away,
text: kicking up gravel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: ...Loretta's eyes, wide with terror and dread.
scene_heading: 47 INT. STARKEY'S PICK-UP - MINUTES LATER 47
text: We're off-road. Missouri's woods can be seen through the
text: windshield. And Starkey is staring at us. Pawing at us...
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Please, Mister...
text: Starkey's hand shoots out, banging Loretta's head against the
text: window, hard. That makes things start to swim. Starkey tears
text: at her clothes, lowers himself on to her.
text: She whimpers. WE CARRY THE SOUND OF IT INTO:
scene_heading: 48 INT. MACKELWAY'S APARTMENT - SAME 48
dialog: This is where you go when you've just moved to Wichita Falls
text: and money's tight: spotty shag carpet, chipped Formica kitchen
text: table, scuffed blinds.
text: ...and one sleepless agent, having one lousy night.
text: Mackelway sits on the edge of his bed, almost able to hear
text: Loretta's helpless cries. Some nights are like this. His head
text: is POUNDING again. Down go four more Bufferin.
text: Above him, covering the bedroom mirror, is the MAP he took
text: from that Hope House basement. O'Ryan's map, UNFOLDED.
text: It's HUGE: 6-feet-wide, 4-feet-tall, obscuring the mirror.
dialog: As we glimpsed while still in that basement, this map his been
text: written on, in pen. O'Ryan's notations cover it:
text: Over a THUSAND CITIES on it have been CIRCLED, by hand, in
text: RED. Each of those circled cities has a DATE written beside
text: it, also in red: ("4/6," "5/19," "10-26," etc.)
dialog: 34.
text: Mackelway studies it, his face working. Another of those
text: WHIMPERS from Loretta seems to hang, suspended. Mackelway
text: shakes it off, certain that he's imagining it.
text: He won't sleep a wink tonight. We LEAVE HIM, returning to:
scene_heading: 49 INT. STARKEY'S PICK-UP - RESUMING 49
text: The attack continues, its terror unimaginable. Loretta sobs.
text: It hurts. Starkey's too powerful to fight off. We stay on her
text: face: dazed, her mind simply checking out.
text: ...until a look of cognizance comes over her, brought on by a
text: SHADOW that just passed by.
text: Then the window behind Starkey simply EXPLODES.
text: Glass flies everywhere, and TWO ARMS reach into the pick-up.
text: They grab Starkey by the neck and yank him out of the pick-up,
text: his back sliced open by shards. He screams.
text: She can't resist coming to the window, where she sees:
scene_heading: 50 EXT. WOODS - STARKEY'S PICK-UP - CONTINUING 50
text: Starkey lies, face up. Shocked. Squirming. Bleeding. Standing
text: over him, looming large as a Grizzly... is O'Ryan. A long
text: HUNTING KNIFE extends from his hand.
text: But his tone, to our great surprise, is conversational:
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Hey, listen, I'm sorta new in town. Ya
dialog: know where I can find a good donkey show?
text: Starkey has no idea how to respond to this maniac:
speaker_heading: STARKEY
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Oh. Forgot. Wrong country... In America
dialog: animals have rights.
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: Don't they, Virgil?
speaker_heading: STARKEY
dialog: How the fuck should I know?
text: O'Ryan half-smiles, then kicks Starkey right in the head.
text: Loretta's eyes go wide. Another kick follows, to the ribs.
dialog: Then one to the groin. Then:
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: (at Loretta)
dialog: Turn around.
text: He said that without looking at her. But he can tell that she
text: hasn't moved - too frightened. So he eyes her.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (again)
dialog: Turn around!
text: She turns away, lying face down on the seat, covering her
dialog: head. No idea what kind of terror is to come next. We STAY
text: WITH HER... able only to hear what follows:
text: The sound is animal, awful - like a pig being gutted - a
text: horrible SQUEAL, covering the GRUNTS coming from O'Ryan.
text: In goes the knife again, prompting another agonized cry from
text: Starkey. Loretta's crying too: from fear, shock... She keeps
text: her face buried, shutting her eyes tight. The sounds of
text: savagery fill the night.
text: Then, one last gasp from Starkey... followed by an awful
text: silence... and the assault is over.
text: Loretta's too afraid to look up - certain that the maniac with
text: the knife will be coming after her next.
text: But then she hears FOOTSTEPS, trailing away. So she rises,
text: peeking over the edge of the window. WE STAY ON HER FACE, as
text: she sees what's become of her attacker.
text: Her horrified SCREAM fills the woods...
scene_heading: 51 INT. MACKELWAY'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - RESUMING 51
text: Mackelway STARES out the window; seems like he just HEARD that
text: scream. Of course, that'd be impossible. He looks to that map.
text: His PHONE RINGS. He eyes it, unsurprised...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 52 EXT. WOODS OUTSIDE SLEEPER, MO. - LATER 52
text: Law enforcement VEHICLES surround the site. COPS, Grieves,
text: CORONER'S GUYS taking pictures. Loretta is sitting on the back
text: of an ambulance, being tended to.
text: A COMPOSITE ARTIST sits beside her, trying.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I don't think the eyes are right.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: COMPOSITE ARTIST
dialog: Narrower?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: No, they were... I don't really know.
text: Composite Artist keeps trying, but his attempt doesn't look
dialog: anything like the face of O'Ryan.
text: Charlton, meanwhile, stands over the body, mind racing.
text: A Missouri Highway Patrol car pulls up. Mackelway steps out of
text: it. We follow him as he takes in the scene.
text: A FLASHBULB illuminates Starkey's CHEST; is got a zero-with-
text: a-slash-through-it. But Mackelway hasn't seen the guy's face
dialog: yet.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Sir?
dialog: (Charlton turns)
dialog: We got an i.d. yet?
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Mmm-hmm.
dialog: (Mackelway waits)
dialog: Might wanna find yourself a fender.
dialog: You're gonna need to sit down.
dialog: (Mackelway's still waiting)
dialog: It's Virgil Ray Starkey.
text: Mackelway pales.
text: We stay on him for a moment as it registers. The man he
dialog: caught, and then lost, has killed again. No. God, no.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (struggling for composure:)
dialog: Starkey did this?
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: No. Starkey's the one on the ground.
text: Mackelway pauses, thinks he must've heard wrong. But he turns
text: toward the face, as ANOTHER FLASHBULB illuminates it, searing
text: the image into the darkness. Starkey. Dead. His eyelids ripped
dialog: away.
text: Mackelway stares, stunned. Can't fucking believe it.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: My God...
dialog: 37.
text: It's like looking at a ghost - a spectre that's been haunting
text: him, dead now... Mackelway pulls out his Minox, starts
text: photographing, moving in on those LIDLESS EYES...
speaker_heading: GRIEVES
dialog: Gonna make a wallet-size of that one?
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Give him a break, Grieves.
text: Mackelway doesn't comment. Just keeps snapping shots...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 53 INT. FBI OFFICE - MACKELWAY'S CUBICLE - MORNING 53
dialog: The number of HAVE YOU SEEN ME's has now grown, quite a bit.
text: 45 PAGES sit stacked on Mackelway's desk. 45 victims. He grabs
text: the stack, rises.
text: Heading for the Conference Room, he nearly bumps into Katie,
text: the Receptionist, rounding a corner.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: 'Scuse me.
text: She smiles. He carries the HAVE YOU SEEN ME's into:
scene_heading: 54 INT. FBI OFFICE - CONFERENCE ROOM - CONTINUING 54
text: A room has been dedicated solely to those three murders. On an
text: erasure board are the words: The "O'Ryan" Room.
text: On one wall is the MAP Mackelway took from Hope House: over a
text: thousand CITIES circled by O'Ryan himself.
text: Mackelway puts down the stack of HAVE YOU SEEN ME's. Picks up
text: a box of YELLOW STICK-PINS, affixing them to the map - one for
text: every faxed face.
dialog: Here's "Jason Corey, Age 14." Last seen in "Riverside, Ca." on
dialog: "10-16-99."
dialog: Sure enough, O'Ryan had circled "Riverside, Ca." on this map.
text: Next to it he'd written "10-16."
text: Mackelway sticks a yellow pin in Riverside.
text: Next, the fax concerning "Anna Casitas, Age 22." Last Seen?
dialog: "Macon, Ga." on "5-6-00."
text: Of course, O'Ryan had circled "Macon" too. Beside it he'd
text: written "5-6." So Macon gets a yellow pin.
dialog: 38.
dialog: Mackelway continues, as:
speaker_heading: FRAN (O.S.)
dialog: Got nothing on the last fax.
text: Mackelway turns. In comes Fran.
speaker_heading: FRAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Came from a business center at a Mariott
dialog: in Dallas. Nobody saw who sent it.
text: Mackelway nods. Then they both turn... Charlton enters the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Whadda we know about the map?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: It matches the faxes, Sir. Almost
dialog: perfectly.
text: Charlton approaches the map: 1,242 cities, circled in red.
text: Mackelway continues with the yellow pins: one for every HAVE
dialog: YOU SEEN ME? (45 of them so far.)
text: Charlton eyes the stack. 45 HAVE YOU SEEN ME's... Then the
text: map: 1,242 cities. Each with a DATE beside it.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Why's Greenville in blue?
dialog: (Mackelway has put a yellow pin beside a dozen cities... but
text: tiny Greenville, Texas has a BLUE PIN beside it.)
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Only city where the date on the fax and
dialog: the date on the map didn't correspond.
text: He pulls out a fax from the stack: a Korean boy named "Steven
text: Kim. Age 16. Last Seen: Greenville, Tx. Date of Disappearance:
dialog: 8-7-98."
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Fax lists the date of disappearance as
dialog: August 7. On the map he's written "10-
dialog: 26."
text: The DATE on O'Ryan's map reads "10-26" beside Greenville, Tx.
dialog: So Greenville gets the only blue pin on this map.
dialog: Charlton notes today's date: October 17...
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Any of these bodies been recovered?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
text: Two so far. Female, disappeared from
dialog: Dayton, Ohio on April 12. And a male,
dialog: Trenton, New Jersey, January 5th.
text: On the MAP, Dayton's got "4/12" written beside it. Trenton has
text: "1/5." Both have yellow pins in them.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: But both bodies were found over a
dialog: thousand miles from where they'd last
dialog: been seen. One in Montana, the other in
dialog: Oregon. Got autopsy reports on both.
text: Charlton looks to the table, where AUTOPSY REPORTS and AUTOPSY
dialog: PHOTOS sit - two victims we've never seen before.
text: We see the VICTIMS photographed face up, face down, waist and
text: above, waist and below. Charlton gives the photos a cursory
dialog: glance, nothing more.
text: But we notice something, on one of the bodies: the male from
text: Trenton - an odd BURN MARK on his lower left calf.
text: Looks almost symmetrical, horizontal across the calf...
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Either of the bodies have the zero on
dialog: them?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: No, Sir.
text: Charlton, frustrated, SHOVES THOSE AUTOPSY PHOTOS ASIDE. We
text: look to that MAP, a handful of yellow pins in it...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: ...that same map, over a HUNDRED YELLOW PINS in it now.
scene_heading: 55 INT. FBI OFFICE - "O'RYAN ROOM" - NIGHT 55
text: It's 8:30 at night. Mackelway is alone in here - staring at
dialog: the map. He's been doing a lot of that lately.
text: The stack of HAVE YOU SEEN ME's has grown as well. Every one
text: of them corresponds to a yellow pin on the map.
dialog: 40.
dialog: (Some of the HAVE YOU SEEN ME's have arrived via U.S. MAIL. We
text: see a stack of ENVELOPES in a box, each sealed in PLASTIC,
dialog: each stamped and addressed to Mackelway.)
text: Mackelway eyes the map, puzzling. Fran's right beside him.
text: Assorted papers and leads fill this room, including photos he
dialog: took himself with that Minox.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Why you?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: He could be sending these to any agent in
dialog: any office in the country... But he's
dialog: sending them to you. Why?
dialog: Mackelway's been asking himself that same question lately.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I don't know.
text: PHONE RINGS. She grabs it.
speaker_heading: FRAN (INTO PHONE)
dialog: This is Agent Kulok.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Who's calling?
text: She hears the answer, then covers the phone.
speaker_heading: FRAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Mackelway:)
dialog: Do you know a professor named Daitz? Says
dialog: he's from Tulane.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Yeah. Criminal Psych. I've been trading e-
text: mails with him.
speaker_heading: FRAN (INTO PHONE)
dialog: One moment, please...
text: She hands him the phone...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: 56 EXT. TULANE UNIVERSITY - ESTABLISHING - NIGHT 56
text: A beautiful campus, quiet tonight. In its center lies a vast,
text: expensive structure - the Behavioral Sciences Building. The
text: place goes on forever.
scene_heading: 57 INT. TULANE - BEHAVIORAL SCIENCES BUILDING - SAME 57
text: Mackelway exits an elevator on the "B-1 Level." Corridors
text: octopus their way from these elevators, confusing us...
scene_heading: 58 INT. BUILDING CORRIDOR - MOMENTS LATER 58
text: Every door looks the same. Mackelway follows the numbers -
text: can't believe how long these hallways are. Turns a corner.
text: Air can be heard, moving through the corridor. But he has
dialog: found the right number, at last.
text: A tiny CARD fastened to a wall reads, "Dr. Emile Daitz,
dialog: Professor Emeritus, Criminal Psychology." It also lists his
text: office hours. Mackelway knocks at a door.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Professor Daitz?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (O.S.)
dialog: Yes?
text: Mackelway opens the door. Looks inside.
text: Here sits O'Ryan, looking as much like a tweedy professor as
text: he can look. He rises, smiles warmly.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Agent Mackelway. Come in...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 59 INT. DAITZ' OFFICE - LATER NIGHT 59
text: A tiny, cramped hovel. Books, papers, and all of it jammed to
text: overflowing. Mackelway sits across from O'Ryan...
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: (as "Daitz:")
dialog: ...The name of this theory was "Suspect
dialog: Zero."
dialog: (Mackelway nods)
text: The idea of Suspect Zero posits that if a
dialog: serial killer were diabolical enough, he
dialog: could traverse the country without ever
text: being caught, killing randomly.
dialog: 42.
text: There's a COLLECTION here in a glass case: ANCIENT WEAPONS -
text: crude knives, swords, blow-darts. Mackelway notes them.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell me, what makes a killer catchable?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
text: Patterns, repetition of behavior.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Now imagine a killer with no patterns, no
dialog: tell-tale fetishes, no rituals, no hidden
dialog: desire to be caught. A perfect vessel of
dialog: evil, killing without ever leaving a
text: single meaningful clue in his wake...
dialog: He'd be immune to capture, wouldn't he?
dialog: Your task forces, your forensics teams -
dialog: they'd be helpless.
text: Mackelway looks over Daitz' bookshelf: volume after volume
dialog: about evil, the devil, the minds of sociopaths, the history of
dialog: serial-killers, ritual killers, tribal rites...
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Is that something you believe in,
dialog: Professor? Evil?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: As a citizen of the world, it's hard not
dialog: to. Wouldn't you say?
dialog: (Mackelway can't argue)
dialog: Evil is all around us, I think - a part
dialog: of the natural order of things. Like
text: gravity. Like wind. A vast black wave,
dialog: corrupting everything it touches. A virus
text: invades a cell, causing it to
dialog: dysfunction. Perfectly logical. But did
dialog: it ever occur to you that something may
dialog: have invaded that virus, something
dialog: capable of using it to mutate so
dialog: powerfully?
text: Mackelway pauses, considering that.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Just because something's invisible to us
dialog: doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
text: Mackelway is silent: Something's off here. But he can't say
dialog: for sure just yet what it is...
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you ever seen a fifty-foot shark?
dialog: 43.
text: That wasn't just the echo of a question he's heard before; it
text: was a red flag. A big one. Mackelway tightens.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I'm sorry?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: A shark, as we know, will only attack
dialog: humans if he runs out of food. But
dialog: biologists have theorized that for a
dialog: shark of fifty feet the ocean would be an
dialog: endless buffet. He'd never run out of
dialog: food, so he'd have no need to come to the
dialog: surface. Consequently, we would never see
dialog: him. Do you follow?
dialog: (Mackelway doesn't)
dialog: We'll never see one. But that doesn't
dialog: mean they don't exist. Hence Suspect
dialog: Zero.
dialog: Mackelway eyes those books on evil, then those ancient
text: weapons... Casually, almost imperceptibly, he reaches for his
text: sidearm, as O'Ryan continues:
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Some of my colleagues think I'm
dialog: fascinated with evil. I think the truth
dialog: is just the opposite: evil is fascinated
dialog: with us. What better vehicle could there
dialog: be for creating havoc in the world - what
dialog: better instrument - than Man? We're vain,
dialog: we're stubborn, we're deceitful, we have
text: an imagination that is limitless in its
dialog: perversions. Of course Evil keeps trying
dialog: to harness us. Wouldn't you?
text: The more he talks, the closer Mackelway comes to extracting
dialog: that gun...
text: Then, disturbing the silence, a KNOCK at the door.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: O'Ryan rises, goes to the door... as Mackelway unholsters his
text: gun. O'Ryan opens the door. Standing here is a COED, with a
text: backpack. She looks confused.
speaker_heading: COED
dialog: Oh. I'm sorry. I was looking for
dialog: Professor--
dialog: 44.
text: Just like that, O'Ryan has bolted past the Coed, literally
text: tossing her onto Mackelway, exploding into the hall.
text: She screams. Mackelway grabs her, moves her aside as gently as
text: time allows, then blows out of the room...
scene_heading: 60 INT. BUILDING - BASEMENT CORRIDOR - CONTINUING 60
text: O'Ryan turns a corner, vanishing. Mackelway follows.
scene_heading: 61 INT. BUILDING - CORRIDOR CORNER - CONTINUING 61
text: Mackelway finds himself facing another endless corridor: One
text: door after another, for what seems like a mile. But no O'Ryan.
text: Then Mackelway spots an EXIT SIGN. A stairwell...
scene_heading: 62 INT. STAIRWELL - CONTINUING 62
text: Mackelway enters. The stairs go six stories UP from here...
text: and one story DOWN. A sub-basement.
text: It's a guess. He descends, gun drawn.
scene_heading: 63 INT. SUB-BASEMENT - CONTINUING 63
text: Mackelway emerges. "B-2" looks a lot like B-1: long and
text: endless. We hear air moving around us, pipes carrying water,
text: the wheezing of an old generator...
text: And, on all sides of us, DOOES, a mile of them: maintenance
text: offices, supply rooms, labs. He opens one - a janitor's
dialog: supply. No one in here.
text: Tries another door. Locked. A second. Locked. A third. Locked.
text: Air sucks through a corridor around us. He thinks he hears
text: footsteps around a corner. Runs at them.
scene_heading: 64 INT. SUB-BASEMENT - CORNER - CONTINUING 64
text: Nothing. No one. Just another vast corridor. More doors.
text: Then, a sound. GLASS, shattering on the floor. He runs down
text: the corridor, passing a long metal CAGE that houses this
text: building's FIVE FURNACES. They're old and wheezy.
text: It's dark behind them, shadowy. Not a bad place to hide.
text: Farther down the corridor is another door - made of frosted
text: glass. A sign on it reads "Neuropsychiatric Lab." That's where
text: the sound came from... he thinks.
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: 65 INT. SUB-BASEMENT - LAB - CONTINUING 65
text: Mackelway enters. The lab is dark. He throws on every light
text: switch within reach... and finds himself standing over the
text: shards of what used to be a GLASS BEAKER.
text: So he's in the right place. He scans it: five rows of work-
text: stations, ten microscopes per row, each with a sink beside it.
text: Lining the walls are wide CABINETS.
text: But there's also a MINI-LIBRARY down here: Four rows of
text: BOOKSHELVES, housing medical journals. These are the "stacks" -
dialog: perfect for hiding behind.
text: He plunges in. Row #1. Doesn't see anyone. Then Row #2, Row
dialog: #3, Row #4. Okay, the stacks check out...
text: He walks along the rows of work-stations, scanning, crouching,
text: nudging open cabinets. One has been opened:
text: Bottles of SOLUTIONS sit inside it. And a JAR that's been
text: unsealed: It's got GAUZE PADS in it...
text: In the back of the room, an INSTRUCTOR'S DESK awaits. It's
text: tall enough to hide beneath. Mackelway slinks around it.
text: Kneels down, looking into darkness...
text: Then, a NOISE. The FRONT DOOR of this lab just swung open...
text: And O'Ryan just bolted out. Fuck.
scene_heading: 66 INT. SUB-BASEMENT - CORRIDOR - CONTINUING 66
text: Mackelway emerges from the lab. Those furnaces whine beside
text: him on the other side of that cage. But a GATE on that cage
dialog: has been left ajar...
scene_heading: 67 INT. "FURNACE ROOM" - CONTINUING 67
text: Five furnaces, separated from the sub-basement corridor by
text: steel mesh. Mackelway enters. A few meager BULBS burn.
text: He moves amidst shadow and noise: the chugging of engines, the
text: humming, the wheezing, a slight vibration to the floor beneath
text: us. He walks along the edge of Furnace #1...
text: ...and is assaulted, from above.
text: O'Ryan falls on him, knocking Mackelway hard into the sharp
text: CORNER of that furnace, then down to the ground. Mackelway's
text: gun skids across the floor.
text: And his mouth, suddenly, has been covered with gauze.
dialog: 46.
text: He wants to fight back... but suddenly he finds that his head
text: is swimming. Something's on that gauze. The room is getting
dialog: fuzzy.
text: We see the belly of a furnace - flames, heat. Then our own
text: BLOOD... (Mackelway's CHEST was torn open by the corner of
text: that furnace.) Wait. Did we just see the glint of a KNIFE?
text: O'Ryan is leaning over us, in utter control.
text: Then O'Ryan's head turns, abruptly - at the sound of
text: FOOTSTEPS. And we hear:
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Hey! You! What're you doing down here!
text: We turn, groggily. TWO JANITORS rush toward us, keys jangling.
text: It's all foggy, wavy, distorted.
text: We see O'Ryan RISE. Then everything goes black...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 68 INT. A HOSPITAL ROOM - MORNING 68
text: Mackelway's head is ringing. Feels like he can hear
text: electricity in the walls around him. Slowly, he awakens. Above
text: him are fluorescent lights. Monitors blink...
text: Fran is here. So's Charlton. Mackelway tries to sit up. The
text: shock of pain from his chest stops him.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: How ya doin'?
text: Mackelway half-nods. His chest is bandaged.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: We're gonna need everything you can
dialog: remember about this guy, Tom. Physical
dialog: description, any kind of distinguishing
dialog: characteristics.
text: That was terse. Charlton looks pretty pissed-off.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (scratchy)
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
text: The suspect fled. Couple janitors walked
dialog: in on it.
dialog: (before Mack can ask:)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON (CONT'D)
dialog: They're fine. But the description they
dialog: gave of him wasn't worth a damn.
text: Mackelway nods.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Case you're curious the real Professor
text: Daitz is on sabbatical, out of the
dialog: country. We can't find him.
dialog: (Mackelway nods)
dialog: Whose idea was it to meet there?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: His, Sir.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Uh-huh. Did he ask you to come alone?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: No, Sir.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: But you figured you'd get a bigger pat on
dialog: the head if you wrapped this whole thing
dialog: up without any help - is that it?
dialog: The truth? Charlton has him pegged. But:
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Sir, I'm the one who took the call. Agent
dialog: Mackelway was acting under the assumption
dialog: that I'd already checked the guy out.
dialog: We're both to blame.
dialog: Hold it. That was a major exaggeration, if not an outright
text: lie. Mackelway eyes her, thrown. She's poker-faced.
text: Charlton, however, seems unmoved...
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Did Agent Mackelway attend the interview
dialog: unaccompanied?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Yes, Sir.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Then whose fuck-up is it?
text: Mackelway eyes her: "Thanks for trying." She nods.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (at Charlton)
dialog: It was... poor judgment, Sir.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: You wanna work alone, start your own
dialog: agency.
text: Mackelway can do nothing but nod. Then, bailing him out,
text: another COMPOSITE ARTIST enters, tools in hand. Charlton
text: sighs, frustrated.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON (CONT'D)
dialog: (re: Composite Artist)
dialog: Let's get you two started.
dialog: Composite Artist is ready to begin...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 69 INT. BAPTIST CHURCH - DAY 69
text: A lively Sunday Service. Lots of Baptists, singing a rousing
text: spiritual. Music and praise filling the room.
text: We move along the pews, until we came to the very back row...
text: There, one man sits. Alone. Quiet. O'Ryan.
text: Odd expression on his face - it's as if he can't hear this
dialog: rousing music, or feel the power of this place. People in the
text: next row are stomping their feet. Music soars.
text: But O'Ryan just drops his head, slowly... and begins to WEEP
text: in the middle of this boisterous congregation.
text: Outside, an 18-WHEEL TRUCK can be heard, rumbling by with
text: great force. No one else in here seems to hear it.
text: But O'Ryan shuts his eyes tight, grieving, sobbing...
scene_heading: 70 EXT. STREET - OUTSIDE THE CHURCH - CONTINUING 70
text: That TRUCK has just thundered by, leaving a swirl of debris in
text: its wake. We TILT UP from it... to find that those STORMCLOUDS
text: once in the distance are upon us now.
text: And they are pulsing with menace. Rain, wind, lightning,
text: thunder. Like a black wave, about to descend...
scene_heading: 71 INTERCUT WITH/INT. FBI OFFICE - "FAX ROOM" - SAME 71
text: One of those five FAX MACHINES begins to ring. Then it begins
text: to PRINT.
dialog: 49.
dialog: It's a Sunday. No one's here... but we get a look at what's
text: coming in. Same TOP-SHEET again: "Attention Agent Thomas
dialog: Mackelway" etc.
text: CONTINUE INTERCUT: this incoming fax, set against a few
dialog: tableaus of Americana. Innocence...
scene_heading: 72 EXT. HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL STADIUM - SAME 72
text: A high school MARCHING BAND is out here, practicing.
text: Cheerleaders work on their routines nearby.
text: Then a LOUD WHISTLE SOUNDS. It's the BAND-LEADER, who is
text: taking note of the weather gathering overhead. The music from
text: the band ceases.
speaker_heading: BAND-LEADER
dialog: Everybody into the gym!
text: The band-members start to move. LIGHTNING erupts overhead.
scene_heading: 73 EXT. UNIDENTIFIED HOME - BACKYARD - SAME 73
text: An unnamed MOTHER emerges onto her back-porch, where her FIVE-
text: YEAR OLD DAUGHTER is having a playdate with a FRIEND.
text: This house borders a wooded area. That wind is starting to
text: make the trees swirl.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Girls, I want you to come in now.
dialog: Startin' to rain.
text: The girls sigh, disappointed, deciding instead to hide
text: themselves inside the TENT they've erected out here.
text: They giggle. The mother doesn't. CONTINUE INTERCUT:
scene_heading: 74 INT. FBI OFFICE - "FAX ROOM" - RESUMING 74
text: That fax is now printing page after page. Photos with HAVE YOU
text: SEEN ME? across the top and vitals across the bottom.
text: But this time the transmission isn't stopping at five. There
text: are at least TEN sitting in the tray. Maybe twenty. Faces.
dialog: Eyes. Stats. Locations. Innocence violated...
scene_heading: 75 EXT. PARK - SAME 75
text: A SOCCER GAME's been called in the middle of the Second Half.
text: PARENTS and their uniformed 12 YEAR-OLDS scatter.
text: RAIN is pouring down now, blown sideways by that wind.
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: 76 INT. THE 18-WHEELER - SAME 76
text: That massive, gleaming beast that rumbled past the church now
dialog: rolls right by this park - as all of those kids and their
text: parents scramble for the shelter of their cars.
text: The windshield wipers on this truck push water away, giving us
text: a clear look at the wet suburban chaos.
scene_heading: 77 INT. BAPTIST CHURCH - RESUMING 77
text: The faithful in here keep singing, their voices full with
text: praise - despite the heavy weather outside. They feel safe in
dialog: here. We move along the PEWS...
text: ...until we find O'Ryan's. He's not here anymore.
scene_heading: 78 EXT. BAPTIST CHURCH - SAME 78
text: O'Ryan leans against the door of the church, pelted by that
text: heavy rain.
dialog: BAM! Here comes those IMAGES AGAIN:
scene_heading: 79 EXT. WHEAT FIELD - NIGHT - RESUMING 79
text: Tall wheat, whipped by wind and rain. A muzzle-flash. The
text: sound of a body slumping hard to the ground.
text: ...and Mackelway, looking over us. Then:
scene_heading: 80 EXT. BAPTIST CHURCH - RESUMING 80
text: We're back with O'Ryan. He leans against the door, his
dialog: torment constant.
text: He walks away from the church, into that heavy rain.
scene_heading: 81 INT. FBI OFFICE - "FAX ROOM" - RESUMING 81
text: The fax tray has overflown onto the floor - 200 more photos,
dialog: 200 more HAVE YOU SEEN ME's. Forgotten victims. We hear a last
text: rumble from that 18-WHEELER. END INTERCUT...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 82 INT. FBI OFFICE - "O'RYAN ROOM" - LATE NIGHT 82
text: Now there are 800 YELLOW PINS stuck in this map - one for
dialog: every single FAX or LETTER that's been received in the past
dialog: weeks.
dialog: 51.
text: 800 faces. 800 HAVE YOU SEEN ME's, represented by 800 pins in
dialog: 800 cities. It's like a national plague.
text: Mackelway sits, examining it soberly. His chest-wound is
text: killing him. (We see a thick bandage beneath his shirt.)
text: In his pocket now is a bottle of PRESCRIPTION PILLS. Percodan.
text: He slugs one down without water, his eyes never straying from
dialog: that map.
text: Beside it is a COMPOSITE DRAWING from O'Ryan, taken from
text: Mackelway's description. It's dead-on...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 83 EXT. LONGHORN DINER WICHITA FALLS - NIGHT - ESTABLISHING 83
text: This is the lone source of light on an otherwise dark stretch
text: of road. Mackelway's Yukon pulls up.
scene_heading: 84 INT. LONGHORN DINER WICHITA FALLS - MOMENTS LATER 84
text: Hardly a sound in here. Mackelway stands at the register,
text: paying for his TAKE-OUT. Another night with nothing but his
dialog: thoughts for company. Great. Then:
speaker_heading: A YOUNG WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Agent Mackelway?
text: It's Katie, the receptionist from his office - sitting by
text: herself in a nearby booth. Mackelway smiles.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 85 INT. KATIE'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - LATER NIGHT 85
text: Inexpensive, but furnished with all the touches that
text: Mackelway's apartment lacks: flea-market stuff, lace, antique
dialog: books, photos from other eras. Character.
text: And candles. Lots of candles. They throw SHADOWS of Mackelway
text: and Katie all over the walls.
text: An odd MUSIC fills the room, coming from a BOOM-BOX on the
text: floor. It's a rhythmic Navajo CHANT, with Native-American
text: drums providing the pulse.
text: It's eery, tuneless, but awfully authentic... and it fits the
text: intensity of the moment: Mackelway and Katie, coupling madly,
text: their eyes locked. She's breathless.
dialog: 52.
dialog: First time we've seen him shirtless since his injury in that
text: furnace room. A FAT BANDAGE covers a quarter of his chest.
text: Dried blood can be seen beneath it.
text: There's an intensity in his eyes. The chanting, the candles,
text: Katie's body, his wound... they've conspired to bring an
text: intensity into his eyes. It's dark, primal.
text: And he's been expressing it for an hour without relent...
text: which is why Katie gasps one last gasp, then rolls to the edge
text: of the bed, exhausted.
text: She reaches for that boom-box, lowers the volume. The chanting
text: dies down into silence. She catches her breath.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I can't anymore.
text: Mackelway eyes her, then reaches past her, and turns the
text: VOLUME on that boom-box back UP. The chanting fills the room
dialog: again.
text: And just like that, he has pulled her back onto him, urgently.
dialog: That primal side hasn't been sated yet...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 86 INT. KATIE'S APT. - BATHROOM - LATER NIGHT 86
text: Mackelway stands at the mirror, changing the dressing on that
text: wound across his chest. He unwraps the gauze over that fat
text: bandage soaked through with blood.
text: He pulls the bandage off, giving us a better look at the deep
text: gash. Dried blood, torn skin, bruising. Looks like hell. But
text: Mackelway eyes it calmly.
text: He slugs down some beer from a nearby bottle, then cleans the
text: wound with some Hydrogen Peroxide... as Katie appears in the
text: doorway. She eyes him.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Can't sleep?
text: He shrugs, turns.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: What was that music?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: It's Navajo. A song for dead warriors. I
dialog: never played it for anybody before.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Just had a feeling you'd like it.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I dunno. The way you stare when you think
dialog: nobody's looking.
text: She shrugs. Silence hovers...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 87 INT. KATIE'S APT. - BEDROOM - PRE-DAWN 87
text: 4:30 a.m. Rain pounds the window and roof, a real storm out
text: there. The boom box is still. The candles are down to their
text: nubs. Katie continues to sleep. Mackelway too.
text: Then his eyes SNAP OPEN.
text: Something just hit him, something huge. One of those 4:30-in-
dialog: the-morning ideas that has to be expressed. Now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 88 INT. HOTEL HALLWAY - 5 A.M. 88
text: Mackelway stands outside Room 217 at a Mariott. He's just
text: knocked on the door.
text: Fran opens it, in a robe. Very confused. He looks manic.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: What're you--
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I can't get a read on this guy.
text: Two minutes ago, she was sound asleep.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Why is he sending us all this shit? I've
dialog: got 800 pins in that map, 800 missing
dialog: people. What's he telling us?
text: She gets it now: he's on a combination of painkillers and lack
text: of sleep. Or maybe she can sense where he's been...
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (rapid-fire)
text: He kills a travelling salesman, then a
dialog: school-teacher. Then Starkey? It doesn't
dialog: connect.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: You're a mess...
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I'm fine. I'm clear. I just didn't think
dialog: this could wait. Fran, this guy is trying
dialog: to point us at something. Starkey's part
text: of it. But the other two don't connect.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Did you drive here?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I'm fine! I just need somebody to think
dialog: this through with me! He wanted to meet
dialog: me. It's like he was interviewing me
dialog: somehow. What is that? Then he kills
dialog: Starkey. So what was he doing with Speck
dialog: and Fulcher?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: You wanna come in?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: No. No. You come out. Get dressed.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Out where?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I dunno. Somewhere. We're right on the
dialog: edge of this thing.
text: She studies him. A long beat.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'm going back to bed. You're welcome to
dialog: the couch if you want. I think you could
dialog: do with some sleep.
text: He sags a bit. She reaches for his hand.
speaker_heading: FRAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Mack...
dialog: 55.
text: Just like that, there is contact. Their hands. It surprises
dialog: them both.
text: He appreciates it, but now's not the time. So he smiles
text: thinly, turns, and goes.
text: She watches him vanish around a corner.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 89 EXT. HAROLD SPECK'S HOUSE - 6:00 A.M. 89
dialog: We've been to this house before. Suburbia.
text: Mackelway sits in his car, at the curb, studying the place.
text: Rain falls in sheets, wind blows. And there he is, all alone,
text: six in the morning, staring at a house.
text: That idea - the thought that snapped his eyes open - it's
text: still working on him. Beside him is the DRAWING that was found
dialog: in Speck's car:
text: The rendering of a steamer-trunk, lined with plastic,
text: containing body parts in plastic bags... Mackelway seems to be
text: fixated on it now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 90 EXT. SPECK'S HOUSE - 9:15 A.M. 90
text: A hand knocks on the front door. Jan Speck opens up.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: (hoping for good news:)
dialog: Agent Mackelway?
text: Mackelway stands in the doorway, rain falling behind him.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (all business)
dialog: Mrs. Speck. Just had a few more
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 91 INT. SPECK'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 91
text: Mackelway sits at the WINDOW, looking over the backyard.
text: Nothing special out here: some trees, a swing, a storm-cellar
dialog: door.
text: But he's staring at it, intently. We're not sure why.
dialog: 56.
text: Behind him, Jan re-enters, purse over her shoulder, umbrella
text: in hand. She grabs his cup of coffee and saucer from the
text: coffee table.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: I'm sorry I don't have more time, Agent
dialog: Mackelway. It's my PTA Day.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: It's fine. I should've called.
text: She smiles tightly: "I have to go now" and heads for the
text: kitchen. Once she's there, Mackelway turns to the BACK DOOR
text: and UNLOCKS IT, eyeing that storm-cellar outside...
text: She leaves the cup in the sink. He enters the kitchen.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: I hope I was of some help.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: You were. Thanks.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: A friend of mine said I'll feel like this
dialog: one month for every year we were
dialog: together. Sort of a grieving rule-of-
dialog: thumb. Have you ever heard that?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: No. Sorry.
text: She half-smiles. He turns to the door. Turns back.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh. There was one other thing: Did he
dialog: keep any kind of chemicals around the
dialog: house? Acids, that sort of thing?
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: No. Why?
text: He shrugs, dismissing it:
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: It's nothing. Trace elements we found on
dialog: his trunk. Any interest in chemistry?
dialog: Maybe as a hobby?
text: Jan pauses for a moment, as if recovering a faint memory...
text: Then she shakes it off. He lets it go.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyway, thank you. And thanks for the
dialog: coffee. Next time I'll call first, I
dialog: promise.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: No trouble at all.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 92 EXT. SPECK'S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER 92
text: Mackelway sits in his car. Through his windshield we see Jan
text: as she backs out of the driveway.
text: She pulls past us, giving Mackelway as friendly a wave as a
text: grieving widow can give. He waves back.
text: Then she's gone, disappearing around a corner.
text: Mackelway pauses a beat, checking his rear-view mirror to be
text: sure. Then he gets out of his car...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 93 EXT. SPECK'S HOUSE - SIDE GATE - MOMENTS LATER 93
text: Mackelway sneaks around the side of the house, pulling on a
text: lever to unlatch the side-gate.
scene_heading: 94 EXT. SPECK'S HOUSE - BACKYARD - CONTINUING 94
text: He emerges into the tiny backyard, making a bee-line for that
text: storm cellar door.
dialog: He knows he shouldn't be doing this. It's beyond risky. But
dialog: here he is, without a warrant.
text: There's no lock on the cellar door. He reaches for it. Then he
dialog: stops himself. Just noticed something:
text: A NEIGHBOR-LADY, visible just over Speck's backyard fence, is
text: looking right at him through her bedroom window.
text: Fuck it. He enters the storm cellar.
scene_heading: 95 INT. SPECK'S STORM CELLAR - CONTINUING 95
text: Seven steps, leading to a dusty cement floor. Mackelway looks
dialog: around.
dialog: 58.
text: Facing him are the things a meticulous man would store in case
text: of disaster: Cans of food, sternos, sleeping mats, drums of
dialog: potable water.
text: And long FOOT-LOCKERS. Two of them. That's where Mackelway's
text: eyes go, instantly. He hurries to them.
text: Throws one open. Nothing but sheets and blankets inside. He
text: paws through it... finding nothing else.
text: He throws the other trunk open. Inside? Pillows. Fuck.
text: He slams it shut, looks to those cans of food, stacked on
text: shelves. He approaches the shelves, jostling cans from their
text: rows, making more noise than he ought to.
text: But he finds nothing behind them... except more cans. He
text: approaches those two huge drums of water, lugs them aside.
text: Behind them is a tall CUPBOARD, locked.
text: He pulls at the cupboard door, hard. It splinters.
dialog: Inside, a rifle and some boxes of ammo... same as you'd find
text: in every other storm-cellar in Texas.
dialog: He pauses: Am I crazy...?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 96 EXT. SPECK'S BACKYARD - MOMENTS LATER 96
text: He emerges from the storm-cellar, confused. Shuts the storm-
text: cellar door.
text: Then he turns. Something else just caught his eye:
text: Above Speck's bedroom window is another window, a tiny one. An
dialog: attic...
text: He heads for that UNLOCKED BACK DOOR, and enters...
scene_heading: 97 INT. SPECK'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUING 97
text: He hurries toward the stairs, reaches them... then spots
text: something through the Entry Hall window:
text: On the street outside, pulling up to the curb... is a POLICE
text: CAR. Sirens off. That Neighbor-Lady must've placed the call.
dialog: And here's Mackelway, without a warrant. Shit.
text: Two ABILENE COPS get out, approaching the house. Mackelway
text: climbs the stairs.
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: 98 INT. SPECK'S HOUSE - STAIRS - CONTINUING 98
dialog: If he stays quiet, he might just pull this off.
scene_heading: 99 INT. SPECK'S HOUSE - SECOND STORY - CONTINUING 99
text: A tiny hallway, with four doors. Up ahead, dangling from the
text: ceiling, is a tiny rope which promises a set of hidden fold-
text: out stairs... and an attic.
text: Mackelway tugs on the rope. The fold-out stairs drop down out
text: of the ceiling. Then he hears:
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR LADY (O.S.)
text: He's inside! He's inside! Went in through
dialog: the back!
text: ...which means he has mere seconds before this all blows to
text: hell. So he climbs up those fold-out stairs.
text: The two ABILENE COPS now circle the house, entering through
text: the back-porch door, just as Mackelway did.
text: He pulls up the folding stairs. Maybe the guys'll do a half-
dialog: assed search and then leave...
scene_heading: 100 INT. SPECK'S HOUSE - ATTIC_- CONTINUING 100
text: Mackelway looks around: lots of dusty junk around here - old
dialog: clothes, mementoes.
text: ...and one more trunk. A steamer-trunk. Huge. And locked.
text: Looks just like the one in that DRAWING rendered by O'Ryan...
text: Mackelway races for it. Takes out his gun, uses the butt-end
text: to bust the lock off. Throws it open.
text: ...as we hear the sound of those fold-out steps, being tugged
text: down from the second-floor hallway. And:
speaker_heading: ABILENE COP #1 (O.S.)
dialog: Freeze, Asshole!
text: The COP is just ten feet away, most of him still concealed by
text: those steps - gun trained right on us.
text: But Mackelway seems utterly untroubled.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: It's okay, Fellas. FBI.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: ABILENE COP #1
dialog: I'll bet.
text: Mackelway drops his gun, kicks it toward the cop, who doesn't
dialog: quite know what to make of that.
text: Also confusing him is the odd smile playing its way across
dialog: Mackelway's face. But we understand it now:
text: The inside of that steamer-trunk is filled with BODY PARTS:
text: bagged, stacked, and sealed in Ziplocs...
text: Powdered LIME is sprinkled on them.
text: Mackelway stares, at once satisfied and sickened. COP #1 can
text: be heard, approaching across the attic floor. His gun is
dialog: drawn...
text: ...until he too sees what's in there.
speaker_heading: ABILENE COP #1 (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh Jesus Christ...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: ...a Grammar-School CLASS PICTURE: of Barney Fulcher and his
text: 2nd Graders, sitting on a mantle. We are...
scene_heading: 101 INT. FULCHER'S HOME - LIVING ROOM - BOULDER - DAY 101
text: That picture sits beside other photos, awards, plaques - all
dialog: celebrating Fulcher's career in Colorado education.
text: We turn away from that mantle, blowing through this modest
text: Living Room, finding an open door - leading down to:
scene_heading: 102 INT. FULCHER'S HOME - BASEMENT - CONTINUING 102
text: Down the steps we go, until we hear the HUM of an old FREEZER.
text: We turn toward the sound.
text: The freezer is open. A team of FORENSICS GUYS study it.
text: Inside this freezer, frozen into a block of ice... are six
text: female HANDS. No arms, no heads. Just six slender hands, each
text: with a wedding band on the ring finger.
text: Mackelway stands in the back of this basement, taking it all
text: in. He looks to Charlton, who is expressionless.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: 102a EXT. FULCHER'S HOUSE - DUSK 102a
text: Close on Mackelway as he returns to his Yukon satisfied. He is
text: pleased with himself. Out of nowhere, a firm hand grasps his
text: right shoulder stopping him.
text: Mackelway turns abruptly, finding himself sandwiched between
text: his Yukon and Charlton, who is now in his face.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Listen to me Cowboy. You have any idea
dialog: the kind of favors I had to pull with the
dialog: Abilene cops to cover your ass?!
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Sir...
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: (not allowing him to talk)
text: Breaking and ENTERING the Speck house
dialog: without a shred of evidence and NO
speaker_heading: WARRANT?!
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (not going down without a
dialog: fight)
dialog: The sample I took from Speck's bumper...
dialog: It's crystallized sulfuric acid mixed with
text: oil of Clove, the clove neutralizes the
dialog: odor of the acid.
text: Charlton shakes his head, he is not getting through.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: It was SPECK not his killer who was
dialog: hiding something.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Ever ask yourself why a big shot agent
dialog: from Dallas gets sent down to the
dialog: Wichita Falls Field Office? I'll give
dialog: you TWO WORDS... Hell I'll even write it
dialog: down for ya.
text: Charlton leans in to emphasize his point. He pulls out a pad
text: and pencil from his breast pocket and writes what he says using
text: Mackelway's chest as support. It's humiliating.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON (CONT'D)
scene_heading: "EVIDENTIARY PROCEDURE." Don't talk about
dialog: it. Learn it.
dialog: 62.
text: Those words just hang there, haunting Mackelway. Charlton
text: tears off the sheet with those two words and stuffs them into
text: Mackelway's hand.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Turns out you were right about this guy.
dialog: You were right about both of them. But
dialog: that doesn't change the fact that you
dialog: went about your business like a rookie.
dialog: Got it?
text: Charlton turns, the buzz of a street lamp breaks the silence
text: throwing a circle of light around the Yukon. Mackelway watches
text: as Charlton puts on his headlights and drives away.
text: A sudden gust of wind tears that piece of paper out of
text: Mackelway's hand, he stares at it, as it disappears into
dialog: darkness.
scene_heading: 103 INT. FBI OFFICE - THE O'RYAN ROOM - EVENING 103
dialog: Everything yet known about the murders of Speck, Fulcher, and
text: Starkey fills the wall space in here:
text: We see O'Ryan's MAP: All those yellow pins... and the one blue
dialog: one, (Greenville, Tx.) Also, that DRAWING: of the ghastly
text: Ziploc bags inside a steamer trunk. Damn thing seems prescient
dialog: now.
text: Agents mill about, awaiting a conference.
speaker_heading: GRIEVES
dialog: (passing by)
dialog: Nice job, Mack.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Thanks.
text: A few OTHER AGENTS also pat him on the back. Fran's proud of
text: him too - we can see it. In fact everyone in here seems to be
text: giving Mackelway his due. It all feels good.
text: Charlton enters.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Seated please.
text: The agents find seats around the table. Charlton takes his
text: place at the head of it.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the assembled:)
dialog: Okay. We've got a serial killer of serial
dialog: killers.
text: Fran scribbles something on a piece of paper: "What a genius!"
text: Slides it over. Mackelway conceals the note, as:
speaker_heading: CHARLTON (CONT'D)
dialog: (still grand-standing)
dialog: He's a transient with a history of mental
dialog: illness. He also happens to think he's a
dialog: former agent of this Bureau. And he is
dialog: pursuing something that he calls "Suspect
dialog: Zero." Anybody got anything intelligent
dialog: to say?
text: Nobody's volunteering. There's just silence.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON (CONT'D)
dialog: (familiar refrain)
dialog: That's what I thought...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 104 OMIT 104
scene_heading: 105 EXT. WICHITA FALLS FBI OFFICE - PARKING LOT - NIGHT 105
text: Mackelway exits the office, heading for his Yukon.
text: Then he stops... because Katie is waiting out here, leaning
text: against her Toyota Camry.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (fondly)
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Somethin', huh? Guy with a wife and kids
dialog: keepin' bodies in his attic?
text: He nods... but what is she doing out here?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Yeah. Just... Wondered if you could do me
dialog: a favor.
dialog: 64.
text: Mackelway waits... as Katie hands over a manila envelope.
text: Mackelway opens it.
text: Inside, a photo of a heartbreakingly-sweet 22 year-old girl
text: named KAREN SUMPTER, with an attached sheet listing her
dialog: vitals: height, weight, age, etc.
text: Another face. Another disappearance...
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Her name's Karen Sumpter. We were
dialog: friends.
dialog: (almost reluctantly)
dialog: She disappeared last year. Nobody knows
dialog: where. She was a little wild, but not
dialog: like that.
text: Her sadness is obvious. Mackelway nods.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyway, I know you're gonna be in on the
dialog: autopsies - of the girls they found over
dialog: at Speck's. Figured you might see if one
dialog: of 'em was...
text: Her voice trails off. This is hard.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: If it is, I'd like to be the one to
dialog: notify her folks. Out families've been
dialog: friends for years.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Sure. Of course.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Thanks... 'Night.
text: Mackelway puts the envelope under his arm. She starts up the
text: Camry. The sky rumbles. He eyes her.
text: For some reason, she hasn't pulled away yet...
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 106 INT. KATIE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 106
text: Candles. Shadows on the wall...and Mackelway and Katie, at it
text: again, with the sounds of that eery Navajo CHANTING coming
text: from the boom-box.
dialog: 65.
text: Mackelway is studying her, staring into her eyes, her
text: breathing. She's beginning to climax now... and those eyes go
dialog: wider. We MOVE INTO THEM, and:
text: We are abruptly SLAMMED, again, INTO ANOTHER SET OF THOSE ODD,
text: DISJOINTED IMAGES from that unidentified place:
scene_heading: 107 EXT. DARKNESS - UNIDENTIFIED TIME - NIGHT 107
text: Wet wind in a blur of gray. The sound of our own heavy
text: breathing. A voice rising above the wind, pleading:
speaker_heading: (O.S.)
dialog: Please...
scene_heading: 108 INT. KATIE'S BEDROOM - RESUMING 108
text: She is utterly lost now. And that CHANTING seems to have
text: gotten louder somehow.
text: IMAGES FLICK at us now: culled from that BOOK on TRIBAL RITUAL
text: AND TRANCE, found at the halfway house: a TRIBESMAN with eyes
text: rolling back in his head, foaming at the mouth.
text: Mackelway tries to shake it off, tries to keep his focus on
text: Katie. He buries his head into her neck, as:
scene_heading: 109 EXT. WHEAT FIELD - NIGHT 109
text: Tall wheat, wet wind. Then a MUZZLE FLASH, and a body slumping
text: to the ground. And suddenly we are in:
scene_heading: 110 INT. ANOTHER UNIDENTIFIED MOTEL ROOM - DENTON, TEXAS - NIGHT 110
text: O'Ryan, at a desk. He has just "remote viewed" these images
text: somehow. And they've left him rattled.
dialog: It's time to get out of this room. Quickly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 111 EXT. ROAD - DENTON, TEXAS - SAME (NIGHT) 111
text: A stolen, non-descript CHEVY pulls out of a motel room parking
text: lot, on to the street.
scene_heading: 112 INT. STOLEN CAR - DRIVING - CONTINUING 112
text: O'Ryan is behind the wheel, driving.
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: 113 INT. STOLEN CAR - DRIVING - MOMENTS LATER (DUSK) 113
text: The radio is BLASTING - anything to shake those images out of
text: his head. Driving, unsettled... which may be why he doesn't
text: notice that there's a SIREN wailing behind him.
text: He looks in the rear-view. A TEXAS STATE TROOPER is on his
text: tail. Shit. O'Ryan tightens, pulling over...
scene_heading: 114 INT./EXT. STOLEN CAR - ROADSIDE - CONTINUING 114
text: The TROOPER approaches, noting the condition of the vehicle.
text: He stands before O'Ryan's window. O'Ryan's face reveals no
text: evidence at all of anxiety.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: Evening.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Evening, Officer.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: See your license, Sir?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: 'Course. Is there a problem?
text: O'Ryan reaches into his back pocket, produces an I.D. Hands it
dialog: over.
text: Trooper eyes it. According to this i.d., we are now staring at
dialog: "James Garvey" from Littleton, Colorado. But the Trooper
text: doesn't seem too convinced.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: See your registration, please?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Sure.
text: O'Ryan opens up the glove compartment, starts searching
text: through it. But it's a stall, that's obvious.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: Mind stepping out of the car, please?
text: O'Ryan pauses. There is no way in hell he's going to let
text: himself get deterred by a State Trooper. But he gets out.
scene_heading: 115 EXT. ROADSIDE - CONTINUING 115
text: Trooper eyes him with caution. O'Ryan holds his hands in front
text: of his chest, keeping them visible to the guy.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Officer, I am carrying something that
dialog: could be construed as a weapon. I'd like
dialog: to hand it over, voluntarily, so you
dialog: won't think I'm trying to conceal
dialog: anything. Would that be all right?
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: What kind of weapon, Sir?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: It's a hunting knife, right here on my
dialog: hip.
text: Trooper notes the shape of that large, sheathed KNIFE - the
text: one O'Ryan butchered Starkey with - visible beneath O'Ryan's
dialog: shirt.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I was on my way to the woods. My gear's
text: in the trunk.
dialog: (Trooper doubts it)
dialog: Would you like me to hand it to you? I
dialog: don't know what the procedure is for
dialog: something like this.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: Take the weapon off your hip, place it on
text: the ground, and kick it toward me.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Happy to.
text: O'Ryan takes the knife off his hip. The size of it gets some
text: attention from the Trooper.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: What exactly were you planning on
dialog: hunting, Sir?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
text: A fifty-foot shark.
text: No reply. O'Ryan drops the menacing knife to the ground and
text: kicks it toward the Trooper.
text: Trooper, slowly, kneels down to get it - never taking his eyes
dialog: off O'Ryan.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Ya know, I used to be in law enforcement
dialog: too.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: (kneeling)
dialog: That right?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Mmm-hmmm. FBI. 'Course this was some
dialog: years ago.
text: Trooper grabs the knife, straightens. Examines it.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Psy Ops. Classified.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: Had anything to drink tonight, Sir? Under
dialog: medication of any kind?
text: An 18-WHEEL TRUCK rumbles by, distracting O'Ryan... rendering
text: him immobile for a moment.
speaker_heading: TROOPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Oh. Sorry. Just found myself wondering
dialog: what was inside that truck.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: Sir, I'm going to ask you to hand me the
dialog: keys to your vehicle, please.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Of course.
text: O'Ryan opens the car door. We steal a look INSIDE.
text: ...he's got a GUN under the front seat.
text: In a flash, that gun is in his hands and pointing right at the
dialog: forehead of that Trooper.
text: Trooper knows he's been had. And he knows that he's about to
dialog: die...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 116 OMIT 116
scene_heading: 117 EXT. MACKELWAY'S APARTMENT - DOORWAY - EVENING 117
text: Mackelway approaches, carrying a greasy bag: another Frito Pie
text: and a soda. Fumbles with his keys... Then he notices
text: something, waiting on his doorstep.
dialog: 69.
text: It's a thick FILE, roughly 150 pages, in a FOLDER. The word
text: "MACKELWAY" is written across the front.
text: He leans down, opens the folder. The light is spotty out
dialog: here... but it's just strong enough to show us the expression
text: on his face: a look of pure awe.
scene_heading: 118 INT. MACKELWAY'S APARTMENT - ENTRY - CONTINUING 118
text: The door bursts open. The greasy bag and the soda fall to the
text: floor. Mackelway hurries to a phone, clutching that file. He
text: dials hurriedly.
scene_heading: 119 INTERCUT WITH/INT. FRAN'S CAR - SAME 119
text: We're in a PARKING LOT outside a WAL-MART. Fran's just thrown
text: a bag into her Ford Taurus. Her CEL-PHONE RINGS. She grabs it.
speaker_heading: FRAN (INTO CEL)
dialog: Kulok.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (INTO PHONE)
dialog: He really was FBI.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: O'Ryan. He left his file on my doorstep.
dialog: Fran, he was FBI.
text: He can barely believe it himself, but we get a look at what
text: was in that file now; PAGES are splayed across Mackelway's
dialog: coffee table:
text: A copy of an FBI I.D. BADGE, xeroxed memoes, test scores,
dialog: citations, evaluations, reports. The entire career of Special
text: Agent Benjamin O'Ryan... in black and white.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: That's impossible.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I'm look at his whole history!
dialog: Citations, letters of commendation, even
dialog: his fucking test scores from Quantico.
dialog: The guy was an agent.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I don't believe it.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Listen to me--
dialog: 70.
text: Then we hear a BEEP. Call-Waiting. Great.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit! Hold on.
text: That irritated her. Mackelway clicks over.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (THRU PHONE)
dialog: Read anything interesting lately?
text: Mackelway's eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Where are you?
text: CLICK. O'Ryan's just hung up.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit!
text: He stares at the phone, then clicks over again, re-connecting
dialog: to Fran.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: That was him.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: He called you at home?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Yes.
text: BEEP. Call-Waiting again.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Jesus. Call me back.
text: Mackelway clicks over again without saying goodbye.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (INTO PHONE)
dialog: O'Ryan?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (THRU PHONE)
dialog: I've found him, you know.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Zero.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Zero's a myth. You made him up.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Myths don't kidnap little boys. Do they?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Do you?
text: Sounds like O'Ryan just laughed... Then, another curve:
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Was she pretty?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
text: I could hear her moaning, right under the
dialog: Navajo chanting. Whole thing was
dialog: downright tribal. What's she look like?
text: That was unsettling. Very. Mackelway looks around feeling
text: violated, feeling "watched." He draws the blinds. Double bolts
text: the front door. Runs his hand under the window frame for any
dialog: kind of wire tapping.
text: But Mackelway won't allow himself to over-react. Not now, with
text: O'Ryan on the phone.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: You tell me.
text: O'Ryan laughs. He liked that.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Fair enough. We'll stick to business:
dialog: How'd ya like my old room?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: "Hope House." You were there.
dialog: How the hell did he know that? It's unsettling.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Dyson re-paint it?
dialog: (no reply)
dialog: My room. Did he re-paint it?
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Yeah. White.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: ...But you saw what was underneath, of
dialog: course.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: No. Tell me about it.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: No. You tell me.
text: CLICK. O'Ryan just hung up. Mackelway stares at the phone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 120 INT. HOPE HOUSE - FOYER - NIGHT (9 P.M.) 120
text: More rain falls outside. Lightning too. Mackelway waits here.
text: Piper's in his usual spot in front of the TV. Dyson descends
dialog: the stairs, a bit testy tonight.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Welcome back.
text: That had some edge. Mackelway doesn't reply.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 121 INT. HOPE HOUSE - O'RYAN'S FORMER ROOM/HALLWAY - NIGHT 121
text: Mackelway stands in the center of this room, Dyson in the
text: doorway. That SINGER down the hall is at it again, off-key as
text: ever. Tonight it's the "Gilligan's Island" theme-song.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: I'll be in my office.
text: Dyson backs away, leaving the door ajar.
text: Now Mackelway is alone - eyeing the tiny bed, sink, window,
text: the leaky ceiling, the bucket, the peeling paint. This room is
text: heaving with energy...
text: He sits on the bed, checks his watch. 9:05 p.m.
text: Opposite this bed is that WALL, re-painted in industrial
text: white, with the hint of a shape underneath. It's what
text: Mackelway's come here to investigate. INTERCUT WITH...
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: 122 INT. MOTEL ROOM - DENTON, TEXAS - SAME 122
text: O'Ryan sits at a desk: eyes closed, writing pad at his wrist.
text: On it, more of those unidentifiable lines become visible to
dialog: us. They're called IDEOGRAMS.
text: He holds the point of his pen down upon one of them, as if
text: receiving information from it, and we jump back into:
scene_heading: 123 INT. HOPE HOUSE - O'RYAN'S FORMER ROOM - RESUMING 123
text: Mackelway. Sitting. Staring. Outside this room we hear that
text: awful, toneless singing as it fills the hallway.
text: Mackelway rises, approaching that re-painted wall. He pulls
text: out his keys. Checks to see that no one's watching.
scene_heading: 124 INT. MOTEL ROOM - DENTON, TEXAS - RESUMING 124
text: O'Ryan, his pen on that pad, his concentration total.
scene_heading: 125 INT. HOPE HOUSE - O'RYAN'S FORMER ROOM - RESUMING 125
text: We hear the singing, the TV, the rain, that bucket collecting
text: drips. Semi-darkness... until MORE LIGHTNING throws a burst of
text: white light against that wall.
text: A faint shape becomes visible, just beneath the white paint.
text: Then it vanishes again.
text: Using his keys, he begins to scratch away at the white paint.
dialog: It's an irrational thing to do - but in the context of the
text: last few days it makes an odd kind of sense.
text: Instantly, a hint of BLACK can be seen underneath...
scene_heading: 126 INT. MOTEL ROOM - DENTON, TEXAS - RESUMING 126
text: O'Ryan, at that desk. Outside, he can hear an 18-WHEEL TRUCK
text: rumble by. He doesn't allow it to distract him.
scene_heading: 127 INT. HOPE HOUSE - O'RYAN'S FORMER ROOM - RESUMING 127
text: Mackelway scratches more of the white paint off of that wall.
text: More BLACKNESS appears beneath it. Then, a SOUND behind him.
text: He turns.
text: The door to this room just SHUT; someone outside must've
text: pushed it. He keeps scratching at the paint.
text: LIGHTNING rages outside. We PULL BACK, away from that wall,
dialog: which gives us the opportunity to see something that Mackelway
text: is too close to the wall to see for himself:
dialog: 74.
text: There is indeed an image beneath that thin coat of white
text: paint. It is the shape of a vast, black WAVE. A hand-painted
text: image as large as this wall itself.
text: Mackelway seems tiny by comparison, and the mere inch of black
text: that he has uncovered so far seems infinitesimal.
text: In fact, it almost look as if the wave is poised to swallow
text: him whole... and he can't even see it.
dialog: But we can. Must've taken O'Ryan days to paint something this
text: large. A vast, black wave. Evil itself...
text: And Mackelway, without meaning to, is about to unleash it.
scene_heading: 128 INT. MOTEL ROOM - DENTON, TEXAS - RESUMING 128
text: O'Ryan, somehow, seems to be sensing what is going on in that
text: room. Or maybe he's just feeling the power of that wave, from
dialog: memory. Or maybe he's just plain crazy.
text: But he and Mackelway, on some unspoken psychic level, are
dialog: feeding one another...
scene_heading: 129 INT. HOPE HOUSE - O'RYAN'S FORMER ROOM - RESUMING 129
text: Mackelway chips away at that white paint, moving rapidly,
text: revealing more of the blackness underneath. We PUSH IN on it,
text: moving past Mackelway and his frantic scraping.
text: Then we're beneath that thin coat of white, and:
scene_heading: 130 INT. INSIDE THE BLACK WAVE - UNDETERMINED TIME 130
text: Somehow, we've submerged into the wave itself. A black, tidal
dialog: force of nature.
text: And it is MOVING. Alive. We hear the SOUNDS of it: a sucking,
text: a yawning, as if a tide were drawing back just before
text: exploding forward.
text: The sounds blend in with the wind, the rain, the drops in that
text: bucket... Evil itself, on the move, gathering might. And we're
dialog: along for the ride...
text: The wave begins to roll forward now as if shot from a cannon.
dialog: It is massive, powerful, dark. And we're right on its forward
text: edge, as if surfing it somehow.
scene_heading: 131 INT. MOTEL ROOM - DENTON, TEXAS - RESUMING 131
text: O'Ryan reacts. Something just changed:
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: 132 INT. INSIDE THE BLACK WAVE - RESUMING 132
text: The wave is rushing us forward with this speed and power of a
dialog: tsunami.
text: ...which is when we hear the laughter of a LITTLE BOY.
scene_heading: 133 INT. MOTEL ROOM - DENTON, TEXAS - RESUMING 133
text: O'Ryan just heard it too. Then new images come at him - but
text: they are, at first, GRAINY, CHOPPY...
scene_heading: 134 EXT. UNIDENTIFIED PLAY AREA - SAME 134
text: The sounds of that wave become fainter, receding to the
text: background, giving way to that sound of laughter, and the
text: squeaking of a PLAY-SET SWING.
text: Like an old tv slowly gaining reception, the image takes a
text: moment to crystallize before us. But then it sharpens:
text: We're in the PLAY AREA of a TRUCK-STOP DINER, but it feels
text: like we're looking at it through a broken lens. The images
text: appear SPHERICAL to us, surrounded by darkness.
text: Before us a 5-year old plays on a swing. Call him CHARLIE.
scene_heading: 135 INT. HOPE HOUSE - O'RYAN'S FORMER ROOM - RESUMING 135
text: Mackelway has scraped away more of the white paint now -
text: enough to see the outline of the front edge of the black wave,
text: its lip. He continues.
scene_heading: 136 INT. MOTEL ROOM - DENTON, TEXAS - RESUMING 136
text: O'Ryan tightens. We can't tell if he experiencing something
dialog: from the past, the present, the future...
scene_heading: 137 EXT. PLAY-AREA - RESUMING 137
text: We WHIP AROUND quickly, getting a look into the diner itself.
text: There, through a window, we see a WOMAN, presumably Charlie's
text: mother. Her name's KATHLEEN, 40.
text: Kathleen has her back turned to us, because she's busy
text: diapering her nine month-old BABY at a table.
scene_heading: 138 INT. MOTEL ROOM - DENTON, TEXAS - RESUMING 138
text: O'Ryan, at his desk, seems to be getting all of this. And it
text: is agitating him. There's perspiration on his forehead.
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: 139 EXT. PLAY AREA - RESUMING 139
text: The sound of that wave is still a presence. Charlie looks up
text: at us as he swings. His smile is pure, genuine.
text: We whip around for another look at Kathleen. She's still busy
text: with that diaper. Then we look back to Charlie.
scene_heading: 140 INT. MOTEL ROOM - RESUMING 140
text: O'Ryan keeps his eyes shut, his focus total... but every part
text: of him is becoming tense.
scene_heading: 141 INT. HOPE HOUSE - O'RYAN'S FORMER ROOM - RESUMING 141
text: Mackelway is beginning to perspire from the effort. More of
text: that wave is visible to him. But he doesn't step back to take
dialog: that in.
scene_heading: 142 EXT. PLAY AREA - RESUMING 142
text: That swing is now EMPTY, dangling gently. And we're running
dialog: we know not where.
scene_heading: 143 INT. MOTEL ROOM - RESUMING 143
text: O'Ryan's foot starts to tap: anxiousness, discomfort.
scene_heading: 144 EXT. PLAY AREA - RESUMING 144
text: We run... toward a PARKING LOT. But we do so smoothly, without
text: effort, as if being carried by that relentless black wave.
text: Then, ANOTHER SOUND bleeds in. The BANGING of the Diner's back
text: door, which leads on to that Play Area.
text: And we hear a horrified yell:
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN (O.S.)
dialog: Charlie?! Charlie, where are you, Honey?!
dialog: (fainter)
dialog: Charlie?! Honey, are you out here?!
text: The sound begins to break up as if on a bad radio, being taken
text: over by the sounds of that awful WAVE...
scene_heading: 145 INT. HOPE HOUSE - O'RYAN'S FORMER ROOM - RESUMING 145
text: Mackelway suddenly stops... as if some electric charge had
text: just shot through him, short-circuiting him into stillness. He
text: begins to step away from the wall.
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: 146 INT. MOTEL ROOM - RESUMING 146
text: O'Ryan has lost the "pulse" - the connection that had allowed
dialog: him inside what we just witnessed.
text: He rises, hurrying into a tiny bathroom. We STAY ON THAT
text: WRITING PAD, trying to decipher these lines and squiggles -
text: the ideograms - as we hear the sounds of O'Ryan, retching.
scene_heading: 147 INT. HOPE HOUSE - O'RYAN'S FORMER ROOM - RESUMING 147
text: Mackelway sits on the bed, looking at what he's just
text: uncovered. An awesome sight. His head is pounding worse than
text: ever... so he reaches for the Vicoden.
scene_heading: 148 EXT. PLAY-AREA - RESUMING 148
text: We've stepped out of that SUBJECTIVE POV now. Kathleen grabs
text: her infant, distraught, as another massive 18-WHEEL TRUCK
text: blows by us in the distance...
scene_heading: 149 INT. MOTEL ROOM - DENTON, TEXAS - RESUMING 149
text: O'Ryan washes his face, eyes his reflection in the mirror,
text: scrutinizing himself.
scene_heading: 150 INT. HOPE HOUSE - O'RYAN'S FORMER ROOM - RESUMING 150
text: On the wall opposite Mackelway, that huge black wave is now
text: entirely visible to him. Bits of chipped white paint litter
dialog: the floor.
text: A vast black wave. It fills the whole wall...
text: Mackelway eyes his watch. It's one o'clock in the morning.
text: He's been in here for four hours. That seems impossible.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: ...a box, slamming down hard on a desk. We are:
scene_heading: 151 INT. FBI OFFICE - O'RYAN ROOM - LATE NIGHT 151
text: 2:30 a.m. Mackelway is in here by himself, angry. He reaches
text: into that box. Inside? More pins. BLACK ONES. He crosses to
dialog: the map.
scene_heading: 152 CLOSE-UP: MACKELWAY 152
text: He starts pulling out the YELLOW PINS we've grown accustomed
text: to seeing on this map, replacing them with the BLACK ONES,
text: tossing the discards onto the floor.
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: 153 A SERIES OF DISSOLVES 153
text: ...as Mackelway replaces pin after pin.
text: ...Mackelway's face, as he backs away from that huge map.
scene_heading: 154 INT. FBI OFFICE - O'RYAN ROOM - LATER NIGHT 154
text: Ten minutes have passed, but Mackelway has seen a revelation.
text: We can read it on his face.
text: He eyes the map... which has now been stuck with over 1,000
text: BLACK PINS, one for each city with a HAVE YOU SEEN ME to its
dialog: credit.
text: And those black pins, seen from a distance, form a pattern we
dialog: weren't expecting - something that never quite took shape when
dialog: the pins were yellow.
text: Looks like a big black WAVE. And that's just what it is.
text: 1,000 black dots conspiring to form the same exact shape that
text: O'Ryan had painted onto the wall of his room - a massive wave
text: of darkness, gathering strength.
dialog: But this black wave is consuming America...
text: Mackelway stares at it: awed, even a bit frightened. The thing
text: seems vast, unstoppable... A black wave - pure malevolence,
text: covering the states like a fog.
text: One blue dot lies in its center: that blue pin, in the heart
text: of Greenville, Texas. Then, piercing the silence:
speaker_heading: CHARLTON (O.S.)
dialog: Got one of those pins in Denton yet?
text: Mackelway turns. Charlton leans in the doorway.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON (CONT'D)
dialog: O'Ryan was spotted there tonight. Took a
text: squad-car and a side-arm from a State
text: Trooper. 'Bout an hour later a five-year
text: old boy was abducted, roughly a mile up
dialog: the Interstate.
dialog: It's 3 a.m. What's this guy doing here?
speaker_heading: CHARLTON (CONT'D)
text: The vehicle was found in an abandoned
dialog: lot. We're establishing a perimeter
text: around the city now.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (knows already)
dialog: But the Trooper wasn't hurt...
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: What makes you so sure?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Professional courtesy.
text: Charlton's at a loss... until Mackelway gestures to the table,
text: where he has laid out O'Ryan's entire FBI File. Every memo,
dialog: citation, letter, i.d. picture. 150 pages.
text: Charlton eyes it, calmly. He's not going to let his jaw drop,
text: not with Mackelway watching. So he just nods.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Is that... possible, Sir? An agent can
dialog: just be deleted?
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Looks like it.
text: Mackelway pauses. It's a depressing reality...
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I couldn't understand it before - pushing
text: Speck's car onto the state line. Makes
dialog: sense now. He wanted to make the case
dialog: Federal. He's drawing us in.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Why would he do that?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: So we'd be paying attention when he found
dialog: Suspect Zero.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Ya know what? I'm getting extremely tired
dialog: of hearing that word. In fact, that's
dialog: gonna be policy from now on. No Zero.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Sir, profile the guy. He's straight outta
dialog: Quantico. All he's doing is working a
dialog: case, like we would. He's not kidnapping
text: little kids - he's chasing the guy who's
dialog: doing the kidnapping! Look at the map!
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: What're you saying - that all these
dialog: abductions are the work of one guy? Do
dialog: you know how fucking insane that is?!
dialog: (over Mackelway)
dialog: Not let's try something that actually
dialog: makes sense: He sends in these faxes,
dialog: picks off three scumbags. For what?! So
dialog: we'll think exactly what you're thinking
dialog: right now - that we've got a friend out
dialog: there, somebody willing to take out the
dialog: garbage for the rest of us. And it's all
dialog: horse-shit!
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: What if it isn't? What if there really is
dialog: a Zero out there and O'Ryan's the one guy
dialog: who's got a shot at him?
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: (just blew his top)
dialog: Fuck's sake, Mackelway - when did you
dialog: start buying into this guy?!
text: A beat. Mackelway lets the silence hover.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: He's smarter than we are.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Speak for yourself.
text: Charlton heads for the door.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Sir? What if I told you I knew how to
dialog: catch him?
text: Charlton stops. Turns.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Do you?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: And what if I told you that the way I'd
text: catch him involved sitting in a dark
text: room, with nothing in front of me but a
dialog: pad of paper... until I'd tapped into
dialog: some kind of... energy out there. The
dialog: collective unconscious. Something. If I
dialog: told you I thought I could target and
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: locate him, without ever leaving this
dialog: building, what would you say?
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: I'd say you'd watched too many "X-Files."
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Y'ever heard of a project called
dialog: "Icarus," Sir?
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: No.
text: Mackelway tosses over a few pages from O'Ryan's file.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
text: Agents, trained to "see" distant
dialog: locations using nothing but the mind.
dialog: They called it Remote Viewing.
text: Charlton eyes the pages without comment.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Army stole it from the Soviets. The
dialog: Bureau stole it from the Army - used it
dialog: to track serial killers.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Experimental program. O'Ryan was the
dialog: first agent they recruited.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Good for him.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Voodoo, right? Pure Bullshit.
dialog: (Charlton's waiting)
dialog: ...except, it worked. It's how he drew
dialog: this:
text: Mackelway's referring to that DRAWING: a steamer-trunk, filled
text: with ghastly Ziploc bags:
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: He'd never been in that house before. He
dialog: just saw what was in there - the Bureau
dialog: taught him how... same one that deleted
text: him. Same one that's trying to catch him
dialog: now... Does anything about all this
dialog: strike you as odd?
text: Charlton studies him, a long beat, measuring him... Then:
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: I'm going to Denton at Oh-Six-Hundred.
dialog: You can take the day off.
text: With that, he's gone - leaving Mackelway alone in here.
text: Nothing to look at but that black wave... He hears Charlton,
text: leaving the building.
text: He slams another Vicoden, then hears a PHONE RING. Fuck it.
text: He's not moving. Let Voice Mail get it.
text: ...until he hears the sound of a FAX coming in.
text: He rises. Follow him:
scene_heading: 155 INT. FBI OFFICE - CUBICLES - CONTINUING 155
text: Mackelway hurries through the office, as the sound of that fax
text: grows louder.
scene_heading: 156 INT. "FAX ROOM" - CONTINUING 156
text: He enters. The fax has spun out a single sheet. No top-sheet.
dialog: That's odd...
dialog: But here's another face, another victim, with the customary
dialog: HAVE YOU SEEN ME? across the top.
text: A young African-American boy: "Lloyd Simms, Age 9. Ht. 4'10",
dialog: Wt. 67 lbs. Last Seen: Greenville, Texas. Date of
dialog: Disappearance: 10-26-99."
text: That's it. One face. The transmission ends. Mackelway eyes
dialog: those vitals. They mean something. Greenville...
scene_heading: 157 INT. FBI OFFICE - O'RYAN'S ROOM - RESUMING 157
text: He re-enters, and approaches that huge MAP. There's that wave
text: of black pins, with the one BLUE PIN in its center;
text: Greenville, with a "10-26" written beside it.
text: Mackelway pulls out the lone blue pin, replaces it with a
text: black one. Now the wave is complete. All black...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 158 INT. 18-WHEELER - CAB - MOVING - NIGHT 158
dialog: We've seen this truck before - several times in fact. It
text: rumbles along the highway. We don't see who's driving, but we
dialog: do see who's in the passenger seat:
dialog: 83.
dialog: It's Charlie, five years-old, whose abduction we just
text: witnessed. He sleeps fitfully.
text: A MAN'S HAND can be seen, edging into frame - the DRIVER. He
text: picks up a CASSETE, shoves it into the tape deck.
text: And out comes the sound of "Barney the Dinosaur."
speaker_heading: BARNEY (THRU DASHBOARD STEREO)
dialog: Oh silly songs get sillier/When you hear
dialog: them once again/And maybe you're hearing
dialog: an echo/Or maybe it's only a friend!
text: The truck continues to rumble along.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 159 INT. FBI OFFICE - OUTSIDE THE O'RYAN ROOM - MORNING 159
text: 6 a.m. Fran pauses outside the O'Ryan Room... where Mackelway
text: sleeps on a chair. Poor guy was here all night.
text: She regards him... then her eyes find that MAP, and the gaping
text: black wave across it. A horrible image...
text: She studies Mackelway again, almost tenderly, until:
speaker_heading: CHARLTON (O.S.)
dialog: Does he listen to you?
text: She turns, startled. Here's Charlton, right behind her. And
text: she's been caught... watching Mackelway sleep.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'm sorry?
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: It's not a strength of his. I'm noticing
dialog: that lately.
dialog: Truth is, she doesn't like Charlton. Or trust him...
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: He's fine.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: I'm not so sure.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You oughtta sit him down, remind him how
text: a chain-of-command works.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: He's fine, Sir.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Talk to him.
text: With that, he's gone. Fran watches as he heads for the Front
text: Door... and exits.
text: She looks back to Mackelway. He awakens with a start. Thinking
text: no one's watching, he pops another Vicoden.
scene_heading: 160 INT. O'RYAN ROOM - CONTINUING 160
text: Fran enters, feeling slightly dirty from that exchange.
text: Mackelway checks his watch as a few AGENTS exit the suite.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: They going to Denton?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Mmm-hmm.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: But not you?
speaker_heading: FRAN
text: Sitting in on two autopsies.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Oh.
text: He rises. Heads for the door, stiff. She looks at those O'Ryan
text: FBI DOCUMENTS NOW - her first time seeing them...
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Yeah. Why?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Nothing.
text: She leaves it at that. He's about to exit, when:
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Are they male or female?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: The autopsies.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Females - Logan, Utah; and Decatur,
dialog: Alabama.
text: (Neither city is represented with black pins on that map.)
text: She slides over a packet of PHOTOS: two FEMALE VICTIMS,
text: photographed in separate morgues - face up, face down, waist
text: and above, waist and below, etc.
text: Mackelway eyes them, then leaves the room. We STAY WITH
text: FRAN... taking in that O'Ryan FBI file. It troubles her.
text: Mackelway returns, carrying the 9-by-12 envelope that Katie
dialog: gave to him.
speaker_heading: FRAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (re: O'Ryan's file)
dialog: So is this what happens when an agent
dialog: spins out? He gets deleted?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Sometimes. The lucky ones get sent to
dialog: Wichita Falls.
text: She breathes out an ironic laugh. He hands over the envelope,
text: opens it. Inside: that photo of Karen Sumpter. Mackelway
dialog: didn't pay much attention to it before.
text: Fran eyes the photo, then the vitals.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Friend of the Receptionist, missing for
dialog: about a year now. I told her I'd let her
dialog: know if the body ever turned up.
text: Fran doesn't look up from the photo.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: The Receptionist.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Her name's Katie.
text: She half-smiles: "You mean the one you've been fucking?" He
text: shrugs, confirming nothing - wishing Fran weren't quite so
text: smart. She puts the photo back into the envelope.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I see you got the blue pin out of
dialog: Greenville.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Yeah. Last night. Kid named Simms.
dialog: That confused her.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (re: Sumpter)
dialog: No. I meant her. The girl.
dialog: That confused him.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: What're you talking about?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Did ya look at her vitals?
text: She hands him the material on Karen Sumpter.
speaker_heading: FRAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Greenville, Texas. October 26.
text: He grabs the material, looks at it for the first time:
dialog: "Karen Sumpter, Age 25. Ht. 5'6", Wt. 110. Eyes Blu, Hair
dialog: Blnd. Last Seen: Greenville, Tx. Date of Disappearance: 10-26-
dialog: 00."
text: Mackelway looks to the Conference Table - that huge stack of
text: faxes, all those helpless faces.
dialog: The one on top is the one that came in last night: Lloyd
dialog: Simms, Age 9. Ht. 4'10", Wt. 67 lbs. Last Seen: Greenville,
dialog: Texas. Date of Disappearance: 10-26-99.
text: At last, a pattern. A break.
text: Mackelway grabs the Simms fax, hurries out of the room.
text: Nearest Agent is Grieves. Mackelway hands him the fax.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Need an address on this fax line.
dialog: Grieves has done this on fifty different faxes now; it never
dialog: yields their suspect, but:
speaker_heading: GRIEVES
dialog: 'Kay.
text: Mackelway leans back in to the O'Ryan Room.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: O'Ryan's in Greenville.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: What makes you think so?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: That's where Zero is.
dialog: (Fran's a blank)
dialog: Lloyd Simms - October 26, '99. Karen
dialog: Sumpter - October 26, 2000. Both
dialog: disappeared from Greenville.
dialog: (still no reply)
text: Zero comes back to the same spot, once a
dialog: year. Today's the 25th.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Wait. When did we establish that Zero was
dialog: real?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: O'Ryan thinks so.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Do you?
dialog: That's the million-dollar question, and it hangs there.
text: Mackelway's about to answer... when he stops himself. Just
text: noticing something. That MORGUE PHOTO from Logan, Utah:
text: There's a BURN MARK on the lower left calf of the victim.
dialog: We've seen such a mark before, on another autopsy photo.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I've seen this before.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Huh?
text: He doesn't answer, just hurries to a thick BOX OF OTHER
text: AUTOPSY FILES AND PHOTOS. Starts rifling through them...
text: ...until he finds the one we've seen before. The body from
text: Trenton. He extracts it. Eyes it. A confirmation...
text: He lays the two PHOTOS side by side. Looks to Fran.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Same burn-mark.
dialog: (she leans in)
dialog: I saw it before but it didn't register.
text: Fran eyes the photos. No doubt about it - they both have the
text: same burn mark on the lower left calf: a symmetrical, almost
text: horizontal stripe across the flesh.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: He burns them?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I dunno. Almost looks too symmetrical to
dialog: be a burn.
dialog: (re: Logan victim)
dialog: They're autopsying her this morning?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: She gets the idea: "Find out where the hell this mark on the
text: leg came from." Grieves enters.
speaker_heading: GRIEVES
text: Fax number traces back to a Copy Center
text: on I-30. Greenville.
dialog: (Mackelway eyes his watch)
dialog: I called. They don't open for another
dialog: hour.
text: Mackelway looks to Fran. She's not entirely sold yet... but
text: she's getting there.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 161 INT. MACKELWAY'S YUKON - DRIVING - EARLY MORNING 161
text: Mackelway plows along I-30.
text: Ahead of him, one hell of an ugly STORM-FRONT seems to be
text: waiting. Thick, black clouds. Mackelway's driving right into
dialog: the teeth of them...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 162 EXT. "FAST-COPY" - ESTABLISHING - DAY 162
text: A copy-place, right off I-30. Mackelway's Yukon is parked in
dialog: front.
scene_heading: 163 INT. "FAST-COPY" - COUNTER - DAY 163
text: Mackelway stands opposite a DAY-MANAGER: 30, harried, eyeing a
text: copy of the composite drawing of O'Ryan.
speaker_heading: DAY-MANAGER
dialog: (re: O'Ryan)
dialog: Naah. I never saw that guy in here.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: He sent a fax from this location 'bout
dialog: seven o'clock this morning.
speaker_heading: DAY-MANAGER
dialog: We're closed at seven.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Are your faxes programmable? Could he
dialog: have paid last night to have it sent this
dialog: morning?
speaker_heading: DAY-MANAGER
dialog: Sure. But that costs extra.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Were you here last night?
speaker_heading: DAY-MANAGER
dialog: Nope. Haven't done nights since I got
dialog: promoted.
text: Mackelway eyes the guy... then hears a CEL-PHONE ring.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: 'Scuse me.
text: Mackelway grabs his cel, backing away from the counter.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (into cel)
dialog: Mackelway.
scene_heading: 164 INTERCUT WITH/INT. MORGUE - SAME 164
text: Fran is at a phone, in the Morgue. The Logan Utah BODY lies on
dialog: the table.
speaker_heading: FRAN
text: It's not a burn. It's a freezer-burn.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: You're sure.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: There's crystallization in the blood
text: stream. The blood never clotted in the
dialog: wound. It's a freezer burn... I'm having
text: the other body shipped out - the guy from
dialog: Trenton. We'll see if he's got the same
dialog: thing.
text: Mackelway pauses, thinking...
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: So... he keeps the bodies in a freezer,
dialog: then buries them...?
dialog: That was a question. He can't do any better.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I dunno. If he kept them in a freezer
dialog: they'd have marks like this all over.
dialog: Wouldn't they?
dialog: Mackelway nods - that made sense. Shit.
text: The noise of the Interstate doesn't make things any easier. A
text: huge TRUCK rumbles by. 18 wheels.
text: Mackelway eyes it, absently. Then a bolt hits him:
text: On the side of the truck is a trademark: "EVER-FROST." This
text: truck is hauling ice cream.
text: Things just began to click.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Thanks, Fran.
text: He has hit "End" before she can reply. Heads to his Yukon.
dialog: Fran eyes the phone: that was odd...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 165 EXT. TRUCK STOP - GREENVILLE, TX. - ESTABLISHING - NOON 165
text: A huge lay-out, with a diner, rest-stop, and gas station.
scene_heading: 166 INT. DINER - GREENVILLE - SAME 166
text: Mackelway sits at a table by a window. Watching. FIFTY MASSIVE
text: TRUCKS in this lot - some refrigerated, most not.
text: This Diner is big enough to seat 200: truckers, a few
dialog: families, and folks who just like the buffet, (gravy covers
dialog: just about every entree.)
text: Mackelway's been here for hours. A WAITRESS comes by.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: You want some more breakfast, Honey, or
dialog: are we just rollin' right on into lunch?
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Just some coffee, thanks. Might hit the
text: buffet in a bit.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Meatloaf's lookin' good today.
text: He smiles, thanks. She turns away. That leaves him alone
text: again, scanning - not even sure he's in the right place.
text: CEL-PHONE RINGS. He grabs it.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Mackelway.
scene_heading: 167 INTERCUT WITH/INT. FRAN'S CAR - DRIVING - SAME 167
text: She's driving, talking into the cel...
speaker_heading: FRAN (INTO PHONE)
dialog: What're you doing?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Surveilling. What're you doing?
speaker_heading: FRAN
text: Driving to Greenville.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (knows already)
dialog: Why would you be doing that?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I think agents are safer when they have
dialog: some company. I can send along Katie if
dialog: you'd rather.
text: Mackelway laughs. He appreciates a good jab.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I'm at the truck-stop we traced. Off the
dialog: I-30.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'm 'bout a half hour out.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I'll order some lunch for you. Hear the
dialog: meatloaf's good today.
text: She half-smiles. She likes him, despite herself.
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: 168 DINER - MACKELWAY - RESUMING 168
text: He half-smiles, puts the cel-phone away. He likes her, despite
dialog: himself.
text: Then a MAN passes by him, a trucker. Let's call him VIC.
text: All we see as he passes is the TATTOO on his forearm: a cobra.
text: Keys jingle on his belt-hook. He wears a sleeveless down vest
dialog: and a "God Bless America" cap.
text: Mackelway turns, but Vic's already past us.
text: Something about him attracts Mackelway's attention. The walk,
dialog: the attitude. Something.
text: So Mackelway is watching - without really knowing why - as Vic
text: crosses the parking lot, heading for his rig. It's a beast.
text: Vic climbs in, unaware that he's being watched.
text: Mackelway looks away, chiding himself for allowing the guy to
text: distract him. That WAITRESS comes by with more coffee.
text: Mackelway smiles, looking absently out the window again.
text: And sees a LITTLE BOY of 5, in the cab of Vic's rig...
text: But this little boy is SCREAMING, struggling to get out of his
text: car-seat, until Vic grabs the kid by the shoulders, roughly...
text: all of this visible through the windshield.
text: Mackelway locks in on the kid. Holy shit...
text: Vic's rig pulls out. The kid pounds on his window. Looks like
dialog: he's saying "Lemme out of here! I want my Mommy!" He might be
dialog: little Charlie - we can't tell from here.
text: But we can see that Vic is yelling at him: "Shut up!"
text: And we can see that Vic's truck is refrigerated. He's hauling
dialog: dairy products.
text: On a normal day, Mackelway might shrug this off as
dialog: coincidence. He might not be so vigilant.
text: This isn't a normal day. He races for the door.
scene_heading: 169 EXT. TRUCK-STOP - PARKING LOT - MOMENTS LATER 169
text: Mackelway backs out in the Yukon, trying to keep a visual on
text: Vic's truck.
text: ANOTHER 18-WHEELER pulls in front of him, blocking his view
dialog: entirely.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Dammit!
text: He honks - loud - pulls around that other 18-wheeler, heading
text: for the exit of the lot.
text: Just spotted Vic's rig again.
scene_heading: 170 EXT. ROAD/INT. MACKELWAY'S YUKON - CONTINUING 170
text: He follows Vic's rig out of the lot and onto a road
text: approaching I-30. But there are three cars between them -
text: Mackelway can't get a clean look at Vic's license plate.
text: Vic approaches the Interstate. So do the three cars between
dialog: them.
text: Vic passes the Interstate on-ramp. The three cars turn on to
text: it... putting Mackelway right on Vic's tail.
text: He grabs his cel, dials. This truck has license plates from
dialog: ten states.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (INTO CEL)
dialog: This is Mackelway. I need a run down on a
dialog: plate. Texas: Delta-142-Romeo-Victor-
dialog: Alpha. Got that?
text: He puts the cel down, but doesn't hang up. Vic just made a
text: turn onto a VAST DIRT LOT.
text: A huge BANNER overhead reads, "FOUNDERS DAY CARNIVAL!!!"
scene_heading: 171 EXT. CARNIVAL - PARKING LOT - CONTINUING 171
text: There are several BIG-RIGS parked here, but the vast majority
text: of the vehicles we see are garden-variety cars and SUV's. A
text: few pick-ups.
text: There are RIDES at this carnival: Pony rides, a ferris wheel,
text: and a huge ring of Barbeques, each fired up and cooking. Must
dialog: be a thousand people in attendance today.
text: Vic parks his rig. Mackelway hangs back, watching:
text: Vic gets out of the rig. From here we can see that that 5-year-
text: old BOY is still stick in his car seat, and he is still
text: screaming and flailing.
text: Vic points a stern finger at the kid as if to say, "Behave or
text: else." Then Vic disappears into the crowded carnival.
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: 172 EXT. MACKELWAY - AT HIS CAR - RESUMING 172
text: He gets out of the Yukon, approaching Vic's truck. We CROSS
text: THE LOT WITH HIM.
text: He reaches Vic's truck, looks in the passenger window. There's
text: the five year-old kid, tears streaming down his face. (We
dialog: still can't tell if it's Charlie.)
text: Mackelway reaches for the passenger-side door. It's locked. Of
dialog: course. And he can't shoot his way in.
text: He looks to the kid inside:
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: You okay?
dialog: (Kid's a blank)
dialog: Kid? You okay in there?
text: The Kid doesn't respond - just seems spooked. Shit...
text: Mackelway looks into the heart of that crowd. Vic's still
dialog: visible to us, but he won't be for long.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (at the Kid)
dialog: I'll be back. Don't worry.
text: Mackelway heads into the carnival.
scene_heading: 173 EXT. CARNIVAL - CONTINUING 173
text: He begins running now, past the table where ladies are selling
text: TICKETS for the rides and games, past the Cotton-Candy Guy.
dialog: Running... because we just lost sight of Vic.
text: Mackelway hurries through that ring of barbeques, upsetting a
text: tray or two. Then he stops. There's the ferris wheel. Was that
dialog: Vic on the other side of it?
text: Mackelway takes off.
scene_heading: 174 EXT. FERRIS WHEEL - CONTINUING 174
text: No Vic. But Mackelway thinks he sees the guy... heading back
text: in the direction of the parking lot.
text: He runs past the Pony rides, past a funhouse, past a popcorn
text: machine, past those ladies selling tickets.
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: 175 EXT. PARKING LOT - RESUMING 175
text: He hits a bottleneck of people at the entrance. But he bursts
text: through, runs into the dirt parking lot, around cars and big-
text: rigs, then turns a corner and:
text: ...runs smack into Benjamin O'Ryan.
text: The shock is so total it takes each of them a moment to
text: recover from it. But here he is. O'Ryan, five feet away.
text: Mackelway's speechless, still trying to recalibrate himself. A
dialog: second ago he was chasing a possible Zero. Now he's face to
text: face with O'Ryan.
text: And O'Ryan isn't running. In fact, he almost seems amused.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Well, well... Must be quite a moment for
dialog: you. Congratulations.
dialog: Mackelway still hasn't spoken, until:
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: What're you doing here?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Waiting for you.
text: ...which is when Mackelway realizes that he is standing right
text: in front of Vic's rig.
dialog: But he wasn't expecting what comes next:
text: Vic has returned to the rig, with a WOMAN beside him. Turns
text: out, she's his WIFE. Vic opens the passenger-side door,
text: unclasps that five year-old kid from his seat.
speaker_heading: FIVE YEAR-OLD
dialog: Mommy!
text: The kid dives into the Woman's arms.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Morning, Baby!
speaker_heading: VIC
dialog: I told you she'd be here.
dialog: (to Woman)
dialog: He's been a brat all morning.
dialog: 96.
text: Mother hugs son... which means that Mackelway has misread
text: things, badly.
text: And O'Ryan is a witness to it - hence the grin.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (at O'Ryan)
dialog: Hands up.
text: O'Ryan raises his hands. Mackelway reaches for his cuffs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 176 EXT. CARNIVAL - PARKING LOT - MOMENTS LATER 176
text: O'Ryan's hands are cuffed in front of him. Mackelway leads him
text: to the Yukon, opens a door for him, and puts him into the
text: backseat. A few LOOKIE-LOU'S strain for a peek.
scene_heading: 177 INT. MACKELWAY'S YUKON - CONTINUING 177
text: Mackelway gets in, hits the ignition. Reaches for his cel-
text: phone. Starts to dial.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Awfully conventional - don't ya think?
text: Mackelway pauses.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
text: Apprehend the fugitive, then call it in
dialog: for your pat on the head.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Sorry to disappoint you.
text: Mackelway continues to dial.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: I'll get over it.
dialog: (flat)
dialog: But I'm not too sure that little boy
dialog: will.
text: Bang. That just stopped Mackelway, mid-dial.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (minor test)
dialog: What little boy?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: The one from the Diner, in Denton.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: You know where he is?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: I can find him.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Same way I found Starkey, and Speck, and
dialog: Fulcher... and you.
dialog: That rang a bell.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I need someplace quiet - someplace I can
dialog: concentrate... And your assurance that
dialog: once he's located, we go get him
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I can't do that.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Then I can't help you.
text: Mackelway, disgusted, pulls out of the lot.
scene_heading: 178 INT. MACKELWAY'S YUKON - DRIVING - MOMENTS LATER 178
text: Through sparse traffic, heading for an Interstate on-ramp.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm talking about uncompromised justice.
dialog: No trials. No lawyers. No hiccups in a
dialog: chain of evidence that can set a monster
dialog: free. You of all people should be able to
dialog: appreciate the value of that.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Where's the boy?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: I won't be doing this much longer.
dialog: Actually, this is the end of it. I've
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: come to accept that. But there is one
dialog: last thing to--
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (anger rising)
dialog: Where's the boy, O'Ryan?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Do we have an understanding?
text: Mackelway pulls the car over, under an I-30 overpass... and
text: out comes his gun, pointed right at O'Ryan's forehead.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Enough of this shit. Where's the boy?
text: O'Ryan can't help it. He's pleased.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Good. This is good. Sort of thing you'd
dialog: never find in a procedural manual. It
dialog: tells me I was right about you.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (cocking the hammer)
dialog: I will kill you, O'Ryan.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: I know. But we have work to do first.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Where's the Goddamn kid?!?!
text: Silence... Then that CEL-PHONE rings. Must be Fran.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Don't pick that up.
text: Mackelway eyes him: are you kidding? It rings again.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (a panicked offer)
dialog: This is the guy who put all those pins in
dialog: that map of yours! And I can take you to
dialog: him!
text: Ring #3. Mackelway grabs the phone.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Fine. Where is he?
dialog: (silence)
dialog: Where is he?!?!
dialog: 99.
text: Silence, punctuated by Ring #4. Then O'Ryan smiles... and
text: points to his own forehead.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Right here...
text: Mackelway lets out a disgusted sigh.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Fuck you.
text: He punches the "Talk" button, taking his eyes off O'Ryan for a
dialog: split second.
text: ...What follows is a blur:
text: O'Ryan lunges forward like an animal, throwing his cuffed
text: wrists over Mackelway's head, yanking Mackelway out of his
text: seat with a violent tug. The gun falls.
text: We POP OUTSIDE THE YUKON, pulling back... obscuring our view
dialog: of what's going on inside that truck.
text: That cel-phone continues to ring... We keep pulling back,
text: under this sparsely-trafficked overpass, rain falling.
text: The cel-phone stops ringing. CONTINUE PULLING BACK, taking in
text: the expanse of highway - cars rolling by without a hint of the
text: peril beneath them...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 179 INT. TRUCK-STOP - DINER - GREENVILLE - SAME (DAY) 179
text: Fran has just arrived. She scans the place. Doesn't see
text: Mackelway. Great. She reaches for that cel-phone again...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 180 INT. A THIRD UNIDENTIFIED MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 180
text: Mackelway awakens. The room feels like it's swimming. His arms
text: and legs are bound. His mouth has been GAGGED.
text: And he is staring into his own REFLECTION.
text: He lies on his side. A MIRROR has been propped on the floor,
text: just inches from his face - leaving him with nothing to look
dialog: at but himself.
text: He strains against the ropes, but there's no give to them.
text: He's helpless, powerless. And that mirror is forcing him to
dialog: watch it all with perfect clarity.
dialog: 100.
text: A few feet away, O'Ryan sits in a chair, calmly peeling the
text: skin off of an apple with that huge HUNTING KNIFE of his. A
text: CANDLE flickers on the floor by his feet.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Are you afraid?
dialog: There was a delight to that question - we can see it on
text: O'Ryan's face. Mackelway, of course, can't reply due to the
text: gag. But the answer's obvious.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (quoting himself, as Daitz:)
dialog: "Imagine a killer with no patterns, no
dialog: tell-tale fetishes, no rituals of any
dialog: kind. No hidden desire to be caught. A
dialog: perfect vessel of evil."
text: All Mackelway can see is his own reflection - the fear in his
text: eyes - bouncing off a mirror that's only inches away.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: And the name we give that killer... is
dialog: Zero.
dialog: (again:)
dialog: Are you afraid?
text: Slowly, he lowers the knife into the flame of that candle on
text: the floor. It GLOWS. Good God...
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It'd be customary at this point to start
dialog: praying. I hear a lot of that. Haven't
dialog: seen too many answers though. I wouldn't
dialog: hold my breath waiting for another
dialog: janitor to break in here and save you,
dialog: either. You're alone.
text: Mackelway tries to speak. It's impossible.
text: O'Ryan pulls the GAG from his mouth, just long enough for
dialog: Mackelway to say:
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Where's the boy?
text: O'Ryan jams the gag back into his mouth, angrily.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: (re: the mirror)
dialog: My, my. Must be extremely satisfying to
dialog: watch yourself say something so heroic.
dialog: I'm almost envious.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (casually)
text: The boy's under the bed. In pieces. Are
dialog: you afraid?
text: Mackelway absorbs that - watches himself absorb it - then
text: looks to that bed. Can't quite see what's under it...
text: O'Ryan eyes the flames as they dance over the blade.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I know what you're thinking: "There is
dialog: pain coming. Am I going to take it like a
dialog: man?" Let me put you at ease: You won't.
text: None of them do. Men, women, children.
text: They all weep, they all beg. They pass
text: out, they piss themselves. They attempt
dialog: negotiation: You wouldn't believe how
dialog: many men have lain right where you're
dialog: lying right now - grown men, with wives
dialog: and children back home - offering all
dialog: kinds of sexual gratification in exchange
dialog: for a five minute reprieve. It's
dialog: pathetic. Are you afraid?
dialog: (of course, no reply)
dialog: Then there's that moment when they
dialog: realize there's nothing left to be
dialog: negotiated. They're just mine. And
dialog: they're helpless. And the look in their
dialog: eyes, the level of surrender... well,
dialog: it's almost pornographic. I put this
dialog: mirror here because I don't want you to
dialog: miss it. Are you afraid?
text: With that, he lifts that hunting knife out of the flame. It is
text: RED-HOT. Even looking at it is painful.
text: But Mackelway can't look at anything else.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: How about now?
text: Just like that, that red-hot knife is an inch from Mackelway's
text: face. The heat alone makes his head jerk back. Wisps of smoke
text: rise from its edge.
text: And Mackelway is forced to watch his own reaction to it.
text: He struggles against these ropes, to no use. A guttural sound
text: comes out of him.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you afraid?
dialog: 102.
text: O'Ryan's hand lashes out a bit, leaving the sizzling knife
text: just under Mackelway's chin. The anticipation of pain is
text: unbearable. And Mackelway is reading it in his own eyes...
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hmmm? Agent Mackelway? Are you?
dialog: Two things hit at once: 1) This monster is about to torture me
dialog: to death. 2) Please, God, don't let me give him the
dialog: satisfaction of seeing me cry...
text: O'Ryan moves the blade again, this time an eighth of an inch
text: above Mackelway's right arm. The heat from it is so incendiary
text: that Mackelway's shirt begins to smoke.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you?
text: Mackelway's shirt is officially on fire now. The pain is
text: awful. He stares at his own reflection.
text: ...as tears begin to flow from his eyes. He can't stop them.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (top of his lungs)
dialog: Are you afraid?!
text: That bounces off the walls. Mackelway shuts his eyes tight -
dialog: can't watch this anymore.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (infuriated)
dialog: Open your eyes! Open your eyes Goddammit
dialog: or I'll cut the fucking lids off!!
text: Mackelway opens his eyes, forced to watch himself break. Deep
text: sobs shudder through him, as...
text: O'Ryan digs that red-hot blade into Mackelway's arm:
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: ARE YOU AFRAID?!?!
text: Mackelway sees the answer in his own reflection: Yes, I am
text: terrified. He SHRIEKS, the sound muffled by that gag.
text: With his body able to do no more than spasm, he jerks his head
text: forward, smashing it into that mirror. THE MIRROR SHATTERS,
text: obliterating the image.
text: ...and everything goes black.
dialog: 103.
text: Then, MORE IMAGES SWARM AT US. We're helpless to beat them
dialog: back:
scene_heading: 180a EXT. DARKNESS - UNIDENTIFIED TIME 180a
text: Out of a soupy darkness, a dreamlike spin on a location we've
dialog: visited before: It is the wheat field that O'Ryan has Remote
dialog: Viewed countless times. Only this time we see it through
text: Mackelway's fever, or nightmare... We see the tall wheat, the
text: wet wind - familiar images to us. All to the pounding Chant of
dialog: the Navaho.
text: But then OTHER IMAGES enter this world. They're jarring:
text: -That TRIBESMAN, eyes rolling back, foaming the mouth,
text: dancing around a fire in a frenzy. Then a curtain of wheat
text: obscures him, revealing:
text: -Fran, and Katie, giggling, crooking fingers as if inviting
text: us. Looks like they're naked. But as we approach them, they
text: seem to get farther away. Then that curtain of wheat that
dialog: separates us from them reveals:
text: -Charlton, extending a hand to us, warmly, congratulating us
dialog: for something, a job well done, when:
text: Mackelway himself is hunting through the wet wheat, gun drawn.
text: He FIRES... Then looks to see who he's just shot.
text: A body. He turns it over.
text: ...and is staring at himself, lying dead on the ground in the
text: mud and pouring rain. It is a moment of shock and horror,
dialog: giving way as we...
scene_heading: 181 FADE UP AGAIN... 181
text: ...on O'Ryan - at a desk, sitting upright, making notes on a
text: pad. Calm. Businesslike. His back turned to us.
scene_heading: 182 INT. THAT UNIDENTIFIED MOTEL ROOM - LATER NIGHT 182
dialog: Time has passed. We don't know how much. Or maybe we're dead,
dialog: or dreaming. It's hard to say...
text: But there's O'Ryan, at a desk. Writing...
text: Mackelway's eyes are open. His FOREHEAD has a bright red
text: raspberry on it from smashing into that mirror.
text: But the brain is functioning. It starts running through a
dialog: check-list:
dialog: 104.
text: I'm in the same motel room. I'm on a bed. I'm alive. There's
dialog: O'Ryan. Everything hurts. No, it's just my right arm. But it
text: is searing.
dialog: The check-list continues: my mouth is sore, but that GAG has
dialog: been removed.
text: And MY ARMS ARE UNBOUND. Legs too. Maybe I am dead.
text: Mackelway tries to move his hand. It takes some effort.
text: Everything's foggy. But he puts it before his face. Turns it.
text: Flexes it. Squeezes it. His hand... He stares at it.
text: Then he notices his SHOULDER. A fat BANDAGE has been wrapped
text: around it - covering up the source of that searing pain. Looks
text: as though a nurse had tended to it.
dialog: But this sure as hell isn't a hospital...
text: Then, O'Ryan turns, facing us. Mackelway recoils without
dialog: meaning to.
text: But O'Ryan's demeanor has changed. That look of possessed
text: malevolence - it's gone now. We can't imagine why.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Stand up.
text: Mackelway pauses, rewinding that one.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It's over now. Can you stand?
text: Mackelway is still bracing for torture, or at least combat. So
text: he's a step behind.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: We really do have to go.
text: O'Ryan rises, crossing toward us. Even unbound, Mackelway is
text: expecting another onslaught... But all O'Ryan does is drop a
text: piece of paper onto Mackelway's lap.
text: It's another DRAWING: of a RANCH-HOUSE, with a windmill in the
dialog: background. Crude, but just specific enough. Mackelway's still
text: too unwound to speak...
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: This is where he'll be. With the boy.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Zero. He's coming home today. We're going
dialog: to be there.
dialog: 105.
dialog: Mackelway's starting to understand now. This was an act. An
dialog: initiation. That stuns him...
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You're ready to come with me now. You've
dialog: been in the pit. Stand up.
text: Mackelway eyes him - utter disbelief.
text: O'Ryan smiles warmly - like a Drill Sergeant at the end of
dialog: Basic: Sorry I was so hard on you but it had to be done... Can
dialog: we shake on it?
dialog: Instead, Mackelway simply EXPLODES:
text: It is a blur, faster than a blur, but Mackelway rises with an
text: animal roar, knocking O'Ryan flat on his back.
text: Then Mackelway is upon him.
text: All the helplessness, all the horror, the images of watching
text: himself in that mirror, the sounds of his own uncontrollable
text: sobbing... they ERUPT now into violence.
text: It is an overwhelming force. O'Ryan can't begin to fight it
text: off. Mackelway has one hand on O'Ryan's throat. The other hand
text: comes down like a sledgehammer.
text: One blow. Then another. The sounds coming out of Mackelway are
text: savage, barely human. He's out of control.
text: O'Ryan's eyes roll back. Mackelway now puts both hands around
dialog: this fucker's throat. He's going to kill him - right here.
dialog: He's going to squeeze the life from him.
text: This is a Mackelway we've never met before. His eyes are wild,
text: hateful - even as the last gasps of breath rasp their way out
text: of O'Ryan's throat.
text: Then Mackelway is distracted, for just a second. No. Less than
text: a second... by a glimpse of that SHATTERED MIRROR - his own
text: twisted image.
text: He looks away from it, refusing to be distracted, determined
dialog: to kill this guy.
text: ...then those eyes drift back to the mirror again.
text: ...and he sees his reflection: a hardened, crazed stranger. An
dialog: animal.
text: His hands, without warning, release their grip.
dialog: 106.
text: O'Ryan gasps for air. His face has been bloodied. Mackelway
text: rises, disgusted, removing a great weight from O'Ryan's chest.
dialog: That makes breathing a little easier.
text: Mackelway crosses to a tiny, cheap BATHROOM.
scene_heading: 183 INT. MOTEL ROOM - BATHROOM - CONTINUING 183
text: Mackelway enters. There's a mirror in here too. That fat
text: BANDAGE on his shoulder stares back at him.
text: He tugs at it - doesn't unravel it, just yanks it off his arm -
text: revealing a hideous wound.
text: It's a ZERO, WITH A SLASH THROUGH IT.
text: Now everything clicks: O'Ryan was branding him. Initiating him
dialog: with that red-hot knife.
text: Mackelway stares at the wound, his eyes lifeless. He splashes
text: some water on his face, his mind still reeling.
text: Then O'Ryan appears in the doorway. He too looks like hell -
text: face bloodied, throat red, eyes watering. A long beat...
text: Mackelway eyes him, incredulous. O'Ryan nods, then places that
text: DRAWING of the Ranch-House on the sink. Mackelway eyes it.
text: Then O'Ryan stuns him... by laying Mackelway's GUN atop the
text: drawing, without a word.
text: Mackelway eyes the gun, then grabs it and points it right at
text: O'Ryan's face, just inches away.
text: We're TIGHT on Mackelway's hand. It trembles with rage.
text: But O'Ryan, looking right down the barrel, seems unafraid. In
text: fact he smiles, utterly confident. Then:
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: (re: gun)
dialog: Soon. I promise... But not yet.
text: He eases Mackelway's hand down, thus lowering the gun. Then
text: O'Ryan turns, grabs Mackelway's car keys, and heads for the
text: front door.
text: Mackelway stands, rigid. He raises the gun. Maybe I'll just
dialog: shoot this fucker in the back.
text: Then those IMAGES come at us again, out of nowhere:
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: 184 EXT. WHEAT FIELD - NIGHT 184
text: Out of a gray, soupy swirl - coming slightly into focus: Wet
text: wind, tall wheat, our own heavy BREATHING as we run... And
text: that non-descript voice we heard echoing earlier becomes the
text: sound of O'Ryan's voice, static-filled, wobbling:
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (O.S.)
dialog: Please... I'm begging you.
text: That was clear enough. A gun rises. We seem to be holding
dialog: it...
text: Then those images vanish, and we are jolted back to:
scene_heading: 185 INT. MOTEL ROOM - BATHROOM - RESUMING 185
text: Mackelway tightens. O'Ryan's out the door. This VISION that
dialog: keeps getting clearer and clearer... What the hell does this
dialog: it mean?
text: Down go two more Vicodens...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 186 INT. MACKELWAY'S YUKON - DRIVING - NIGHT 186
text: A huge STORM devours scenery on both sides of us. O'Ryan
text: drives. Mackelway sits, no expression at all on his face,
dialog: still recovering from what happened in that room...
dialog: Silence... Then:
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Tell me about Icarus.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Just... wanna know.
text: O'Ryan eyes him. The sky is black.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: There were five of us. In the program.
dialog: Mackelway's all ears...
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: We'd come in in the morning, have a cup
dialog: of coffee, talk about the Yankees. Then
dialog: you'd go to your room, with your pen and
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: your pad of paper, always alone, and
dialog: you'd try to lock in. Son of Sam. John
dialog: Wayne Gacy. Ted Bundy. He might be
dialog: driving his car, or having a beer or
dialog: brushing his teeth... or cutting
text: someone's eyes out.
text: That was said flatly, matter-of-factly. It's chilling.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: If you did it right, you got all of it:
dialog: The way it sounded. The way it smelled...
dialog: Those people were looking up at you,
dialog: begging you for mercy. It was like being
dialog: God.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: ...except you're not. Because you can't
dialog: do a thing for them. Can't make it stop.
dialog: You're just watching, helpless.
text: He pauses.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: They wired us into this current, the five
dialog: of us: darkness, the pit itself. We were
dialog: plugged right into it. But nobody taught
dialog: us how to shut it off...
dialog: (thinking back...)
dialog: We were just men. And we saw things men
text: shouldn't see. Agony, torture, evil - and
text: it never shut off. Even now, it's still
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: They all wind up like you? The other
dialog: agents?
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: No. They're dead now.
text: Oh. Mackelway doesn't reply...
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: They broke down. Then they opted out.
dialog: (Mackelway's a blank)
dialog: Killed themselves... After a while, those
dialog: conversations about the Yankees became
dialog: impossible. Ya see?
text: Mackelway lets that sink in, as he stares at passing head-
dialog: lights. Then:
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I'm sorry.
dialog: 109.
text: O'Ryan shrugs. He appreciates it. The windshield wipers beat
dialog: back rain...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 187 INT. MACKELWAY'S YUKON - DRIVING - LATER NIGHT 187
text: O'Ryan continues to drive. Silence hangs. Then:
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: We're here.
text: Mackelway sits up. O'Ryan pulls over at:
scene_heading: 188 EXT. RANCH-HOUSE - GREENVILLE, TEXAS - CONTINUING 188
dialog: We've seen this place before. That is, we've seen it in
text: O'Ryan's DRAWING, which lies on the dashboard before us: A
text: ranch-style house with a WINDMILL in the backyard.
text: O'Ryan pulls over. Rain pounds on the roof and hood. Wind
text: blows. Mackelway studies the house. Then his eyes shift
text: briefly to the drawing.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Can't bring you in with me. You know
dialog: that.
text: O'Ryan shrugs, then raises his hands: "Cuff me."
text: The CUFFS are lying on the floor in the back seat. Mackelway
text: reaches back, to grab them... a golden opportunity for O'Ryan
dialog: to club the guy.
text: But O'Ryan remains still. Mackelway grabs them. Then he stops.
dialog: Simply has to ask:
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Those faxes, the Have-You-Seen-Me's...
dialog: How many of 'em is he actually
dialog: responsible for?
dialog: O'Ryan lays it right out:
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: All of 'em.
text: Mackelway nods, sobered. Cuffs O'Ryan to the steering wheel
text: and approaches the house.
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: 189 EXT. RANCH HOUSE - WALKWAY - CONTINUING 189
text: The place is in some disrepair: untended lawn, chipping paint,
text: etc. Mackelway looks through the kitchen window.
text: No one's visible. He walks around the side of the house.
scene_heading: 190 INT. MACKELWAY'S YUKON - RESUMING 190
text: O'Ryan watches as Mackelway vanishes. This is a moment of
text: opportunity. With his free hand, he reaches into his pocket,
text: grabbing a lighter.
scene_heading: 191 EXT. RANCH HOUSE - SIDE - CONTINUING 191
text: Mackelway moves cautiously, being pelted by rain. But now he
dialog: can see inside the Living Room of this home:
text: It's a bit of a time warp: plastic on the furniture, an old
text: radiator, pictures on the mantle in antique frames.
text: And an OLD LADY, leaning over a record player.
dialog: Tough to hear what's playing - we're outside, and that storm
text: is pounding - but it sounds like Glenn Miller. There's also an
text: old tv in here: "Wizard of Oz" is on it.
text: The lady is 70, frail, thin. She also happens to be BLIND.
text: Cataracts on her eyes. Her name's DELIA. Mackelway watches
text: her... as she exits the room, heading for the kitchen.
text: He moves to another window.
scene_heading: 192 INT. MACKELWAY'S YUKON - RESUMING 192
text: O'Ryan, keeping his eyes on that house, now lights the
text: lighter... and holds the flame up to the CHAIN connecting his
text: hand-cuff to the one on the steering wheel.
text: The chain begins to heat up...
scene_heading: 193 EXT. SIDE OF THE HOUSE - RESUMING 193
text: Mackelway watches as Delia makes her way into the kitchen.
text: It, too, is from another era: the dishwasher stands in the
text: center of the floor, connected to the sink with a long hose.
text: The refrigerator, the table, the toaster - all old.
text: The oven is an antique too. Delia crosses to it, grabs a
text: towel, opens it... and pulls a CAKE from it.
dialog: 111.
text: She brings the cake to the kitchen table, moving well for a
text: lady who can't see. On the table is an old-fashioned baker's
text: frosting tube.
text: She grabs it, using her hands to orient herself... and begins
text: to write on the cake, in frosting. Slowly.
dialog: Mackelway can't see the top of that cake, but we can. The
text: first letters, in beautiful cursive, read: "Happy Bir..." It's
text: a work in progress.
scene_heading: 194 INT. MACKELWAY'S YUKON - RESUMING 194
text: O'Ryan has that handcuff chain GLOWING now. We don't know if
dialog: he'll have time to break the thing... until:
text: The passenger-side door is opened, abruptly.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: It's his birthday, isn't it?
text: O'Ryan turns. Here's Mackelway, who now gets an eyeful of what
dialog: O'Ryan's doing with that lighter.
text: O'Ryan pockets it, a bit sheepishly. Mackelway decides to
dialog: ignore the whole thing...
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
text: He comes home on his birthday.
text: O'Ryan nods. Then Delia's front door swings open.
speaker_heading: DELIA (O.S.)
dialog: (aloud, delighted)
dialog: Darling?! That you?!
scene_heading: 195 EXT. RANCH HOUSE - ENTRY - CONTINUING 195
text: Delia stands in the open doorway: an old blind lady, talking
text: to the dark rainy street. That confuses them.
text: ...until we hear the rumble of an 18-WHEEL TRUCK.
text: It turns a corner onto this street. Mackelway turns now...
dialog: We've seen this truck before. A monstrous, rolling beast. And
text: Mackelway straightens, reaching for his sidearm. Behind him,
text: Delia smiles excitedly, almost dancing.
text: But that smile soon leaps from her face... as she hears the
text: sound of that 18-wheeler, BRAKING ABRUPTLY, its tires locking-
text: up on the wet road.
dialog: 112.
text: Mackelway gets a look at the DRIVER now - a wiry, sinewy man
dialog: of 35... Let's call him ZERO.
text: Their eyes lock - until Zero throws his rig into gear again
text: and begins to rumble down the street.
speaker_heading: DELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Daryl? Honey?
text: No answer. That truck is rumbling away. Mackelway turns,
text: racing for the Yukon, leaving Delia at the door.
scene_heading: 196 INT. MACKELWAY'S YUKON - CONTINUING 196
text: Mackelway jumps in to the Yukon, unlocking those cuffs.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Drive.
text: He accidentally burns himself on the super-heated chain.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (re: burn)
dialog: Fuck!
text: Cuffs are unlocked now. O'Ryan starts up the Yukon.
scene_heading: 197 EXT. GREENVILLE STREETS - DRIVING - CONTINUING 197
text: O'Ryan drives, pursuing the big-rig. Mackelway gets on his cel-
text: phone, dials. Rain falls in SHEETS all around them.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (INTO CEL-PHONE)
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: This is Mackelway! I'm travelling north
text: on... Grove Road, approaching I-30 in
dialog: Greenville. Request immediate back-up.
text: Pursuing a suspect in a refrigerated
dialog: truck, Texas license plate Alpha--
text: The Yukon swerves hard to the right, narrowly avoiding the
text: tail end of Zero's rig as he swings it into our path.
text: Mackelway drops the phone. Grabs it again.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (PHONE, CONT'D)
scene_heading: Alpha-4-5-2-Tango-Foxtrot-Alpha.
text: Zero does it again - swinging the rear of his rig across the
text: road, forcing O'Ryan to swerve hard. The Yukon gets shoved on
text: to a curb, then clunks down to the street again.
dialog: 113.
text: Then Zero jams on the brakes. Mackelway's eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (at O'Ryan)
dialog: Brakes!
text: O'Ryan jumps on the brakes. The Yukon screeches to a stop,
text: throwing itself into a sideways slide. It bangs, passenger
text: side first, into the rear of the truck, breaking a window.
text: Mackelway ducks out of the way of breaking glass. Then the rig
text: pulls away again. O'Ryan follows.
scene_heading: 198 THE CHASE - CONTINUING 198
text: Zero's rig turns hard onto a SERVICE ROAD, running parallel to
text: the Interstate. Mackelway is locked in on that truck.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (into cel-phone again)
dialog: Travelling due west now. Don't see a
dialog: name. It's a service road, running
dialog: parallel to the--
text: Then Mackelway freezes, mid-word. He just saw something that
dialog: made his jaw drop:
text: On the other side of this road is a field of TALL WHEAT.
text: Time seems to stop. His blood feels like it just congealed.
text: Tall wheat in a wet wind. He has been here before. He has seen
dialog: it before.
dialog: And so has O'Ryan...
text: Mackelway just stares, slack-jawed, as that wheat whips past
text: them. The feeling is so unsettling that for a moment he
text: forgets about Zero, and the rig, and the kid...
text: Everything has just crystallized in a horrible way. He knows
text: that he is going to wind up in that wheat field, somehow, with
dialog: O'Ryan.
dialog: And O'Ryan will be begging him for mercy. "Please..."
text: O'Ryan guns the Yukon, attempting to cut in front of the rig.
text: Zero swings wide, sending the Yukon into a curb this time.
text: That shreds their front tire.
dialog: ...which means that in one minute this car is going to be
dialog: undriveable. So if they don't stop Zero from hitting that
dialog: Interstate - now - Zero will be gone.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (absently)
dialog: What're you...
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Can't let him hit the Interstate.
text: Mackelway braces himself, as O'Ryan guns his car up the left
text: side of the rig, shredded tire and all. Then:
text: He pulls right in front of the rig. At about 60 m.p.h. And he
text: jams on the brakes.
text: Zero swerves, out of instinct. It throws the rig into a
text: vicious JACK-KNIFE. The van whips around in front of the cab,
text: swatting the Yukon away like a fly.
text: We're inside the Yukon as it rolls, Mackelway and O'Ryan look
text: like tinker toys.
text: The torque pulls Zero's rig onto its side, sliding hard. Metal
text: hits concrete, sending up a shower of SPARKS.
text: The Yukon winds up in a ditch alongside the service road,
text: upside down. Mackelway, alive and awake, strains to look out
text: the busted windshield.
text: What he sees is hard to discern - but it looks like Zero's rig
text: is lying flat on its side.
text: And, of course, he is mere yards from that wheat field...
scene_heading: 199 EXT. SERVICE ROAD - CONTINUING 199
text: The rig's cab lies driver's-side down. But the passenger-side
text: door pops open. And Zero pokes through it, his eyes
text: immediately scanning that TALL WHEAT. Rain pours.
text: Mackelway's watching. O'Ryan, who blacked out for a second now
text: opens his eyes, getting the picture in a hurry.
text: Zero leaps to the ground, rolls, and rises. Only thing in his
text: hand is a TIRE IRON. Carrying it, he sprints into the wheat
text: field - vanishing.
text: Mackelway bursts out of the Yukon, in pursuit. O'Ryan's door
text: is stuck. Mackelway doesn't stop to help him - just barrels
text: across the street.
text: Just then - a STATE RANGER CAR arrives.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (over his shoulder, running)
dialog: Get the van open! He's got a kid in the
dialog: van!
text: STATE RANGER hurries out of his squad car. Mackelway sprints
text: into the tall wheat.
text: O'Ryan, with a grunt, gets his door open. Now he too
text: disappears into that Wheat Field.
scene_heading: 200 EXT. WHEAT FIELD - CONTINUING 200
text: Tall wheat in a stiff wet wind, and not a drop of moonlight to
text: guide us. Mackelway plunges in, gun drawn. No idea where he's
dialog: going.
dialog: ...except he's been here before. He's seen it. And there is a
text: feeling of inevitability to all this; it's haunting.
text: He's practically blind in here. Can't see five feet in front
text: of him. Nothing but the sound of his own breathing.
dialog: That, too, was presaged. Those visions...
scene_heading: 201 EXT. ZERO'S TOPPLED RIG - CONTINUING 201
text: It's locked. Ranger pulls out his handgun and blows the lock
dialog: away.
scene_heading: 202 EXT. WHEAT FIELD - RESUMING 202
text: Mackelway keeps running, deaf and blind.
text: O'Ryan is running nearby, but they can't see or hear one
dialog: another.
scene_heading: 203 INT. THE TOPPLED RIG - REFRIGERATED VAN - RESUMING 203
text: 200 sides of beef lie on their sides. Ranger plunges in.
text: Then the Ranger spots, in the back of the van, a FALSE-WALL
text: that used to hide a secret compartment.
text: The crash has collapsed part of the false-wall. Frozen air
text: blows out in wisps. He climbs over those carcasses, fast as he
dialog: can...
scene_heading: 204 EXT. WHEAT FIELD - RESUMING 204
text: Mackelway keeps going, running blind.
dialog: 116.
text: Then, another sound, up ahead. Sounds like the noise of
text: someone stumbling. Mackelway stops. Listens.
text: Silence. The sound does not repeat itself.
text: He continues along, step by cautious step now.
scene_heading: 205 INT. TOPPLED RIG - REFRIGERATED VAN - RESUMING 205
text: Ranger gets over the last of the carcasses, pulling himself up
text: to the now-open compartment.
text: First thing we see is a REFRIGERATION ROD, the one that was
dialog: responsible for those freezer burns.
text: Then we see Charlie, bound. He's trembling with cold, but he's
text: alive. His leg presses up against the rod.
scene_heading: 206 EXT. WHEAT FIELD - RESUMING 206
text: Mackelway, inching along, heart pounding. He hears a noise to
text: his left. Whips around, gun poised.
text: But it's nothing. He sighs. The wheat almost sounds like it's
text: laughing at him.
text: Then that TIRE IRON lashes out, from the right.
text: It catches Mackelway with horrific force, shattering his wrist
text: and sending that gun flying into the wheat.
text: Before Mackelway can react, Zero is upon him...
scene_heading: 207 EXT. THE TOPPLED RIG - RESUMING 207
text: Fran's Ford skids to a stop outside the van.
text: ...just as the Ranger brings Charlie out of the rig. The kid
text: is shaking, traumatized. He begins to cry...
text: Fran gets the idea. She hurries over.
scene_heading: 208 EXT. WHEAT FIELD - RESUMING 208
text: Mackelway and Zero wrestle, surrounded and obscured by all of
dialog: that wheat... Zero is a monster, and he's got that tire iron.
text: Mackelway has a busted wrist. Hardly a fair fight.
text: But Mackelway is battling: kicking, clawing, getting in as
text: many shots as he can. His shirt rips away from his body,
text: exposing that brand-mark. They roll back and forth. Until:
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (O.S.)
dialog: (calmly, firmly)
dialog: Up.
text: Zero freezes. Mackelway too. They turn to find:
text: O'Ryan... who stands here, Mackelway's gun in hand.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Up.
text: Mackelway's relief is total. He pushes Zero away, rising. Zero
text: pulls himself off the ground, chagrinned.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (re: Mackelway)
dialog: Glad you're here, Man. Guy was about to
dialog: kill me.
text: O'Ryan, without ceremony, puts a bullet through Zero's left
text: palm. That got Mackelway's attention.
text: Zero howls with pain, his palm gushing. The TIRE-IRON falls to
text: the ground. Mackelway approaches O'Ryan.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I'll take it from here.
text: He extends his good hand to O'Ryan: "The gun." O'Ryan pauses.
dialog: Then...
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Are you going to shoot him?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Give me the gun, O'Ryan.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Hey, I just surrendered.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: I surrendered! That's it!
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: SHUT UP!!!
text: O'Ryan wheels around, aiming the gun right at Zero's face.
text: That shuts the guy up in a hurry.
dialog: 118.
text: From that service road now, we hear a line of SIRENS,
text: approaching from a distance. Unit after unit.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (quietly now)
dialog: Look at him, Mack. He's not human
dialog: anymore. Go dig up that old lady's
dialog: backyard - you'll find bodies there...
dialog: Maybe hundreds of them. Of course, ya
dialog: gotta get a warrant first, chain of
dialog: custody's gotta be followed. One breach,
text: and he walks.
dialog: (no reply)
dialog: My way, he's eliminated; the world is rid
dialog: of him. It's a lot closer to justice than
dialog: having some Prosecutor tell you you've
text: left a tissue sample in the wrong lab.
dialog: Isn't it?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: (that stung)
dialog: Give me the fucking gun!
text: O'Ryan turns, studies him.
text: ...and hands him the gun. Just like that.
text: Mackelway eyes it. O'Ryan doesn't say a word, just crosses
text: back to Zero, and grabs that TIRE-IRON off the ground.
text: O'Ryan's now standing right behind Zero, as:
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: (at Mackelway)
dialog: You have to understand: none of this was
dialog: arbitrary. We were chosen, you and I.
text: WHAP! O'Ryan just swung that tire-iron into Zero's rib cage.
text: We hear bones crack, and air rushing from the guy's lungs. He
text: drops to his knees, gasping.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I saw us here. You did too.
text: THUMP! Another violent swing of that tire-iron, busting up the
text: other side of Zero's torso. Now both sides of his rib-cage
text: have shattered. Breathing is almost impossible.
text: Mackelway tightens. His head just began to throb...
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Okay. You made your point.
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Bullshit! If I'd made my fucking point
dialog: you would've shot him yourself by now!
text: Another swing of that tire-iron, across the back of Zero's
text: neck. He crumbles, face down.
text: Fuck it. Mackelway crosses to O'Ryan and puts that gun right
text: up against the back of O'Ryan's head.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Enough!
text: Then, an odd thing... O'Ryan simply smiles.
text: Something about having that gun pointed right at him - it's a
dialog: relief.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Drop it.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Or what?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Just drop it.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Would you shoot me?
text: That's something Mackelway doesn't want to consider.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Put it down.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: I want you to think for a second. About
dialog: your destiny. Who you are. You're cursed,
dialog: like I am - except you keep running from
dialog: it.
dialog: (Mackelway's silent)
dialog: You hear things. You see things. That's
dialog: why you can't sleep, why your head always
dialog: aches.
text: He turns. They are face to face. Nothing but that gun between
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: ...and it's why you are going to let me
dialog: kill this animal. And then you're going
dialog: to kill me.
dialog: 120.
text: That threw Mackelway badly. O'Ryan seizes the moment -
text: wheeling around...
text: He takes one last swing at Zero, like a lumberjack. The tire-
text: iron impacts Zero's skull with a dull THUD, cracking it. He is
dialog: dead.
text: Mackelway's eyes go wide. Whole thing has been a blur.
text: O'Ryan releases the tire-iron... and drops to his knees like a
text: man awaiting execution, his back to Mackelway.
text: Mackelway is silent. Stunned. The blood from Zero's caved-in
text: skull finds its way to O'Ryan's knees.
text: But O'Ryan remains peaceful. Calm. Ready.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Get up.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: I can't do that, Mack. I've seen all this
dialog: already. For months now.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Get up.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Every time, we're in this field: same
dialog: wind, same rain. And you...
text: He puts a finger to his head, pretending it's a gun. Then he
text: pretends to pull the trigger. Mackelway gets the idea.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It's okay. I want you to. I'm begging you
dialog: to.
text: Mackelway doesn't know what to do. Then, making matters worse:
speaker_heading: FRAN (O.S.)
dialog: (aloud)
dialog: Mack?
dialog: She's about a hundred yards away... but she'll be here soon
dialog: enough. That puts some heat under O'Ryan:
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: I'm tired, Mack.
speaker_heading: FRAN (O.S.)
dialog: Can you hear me?
dialog: 121.
text: She's 90 yards out now...
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Pull the trigger...
dialog: (no reply)
dialog: I'm not going to jail. Now pull the
dialog: fucking trigger!
text: Mackelway's frozen. O'Ryan knows it.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Fucking coward.
text: O'Ryan rises now, facing Mackelway.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Some things are not up to us to decide.
dialog: They just exist. They're inevitable. This
dialog: field. This rain. This moment. It has all
dialog: already happened. You know that. You've
dialog: seen it too.
text: He shoves Mackelway in the chest.
speaker_heading: FRAN (O.S.)
dialog: Mack?
text: She's 70 yards out now...
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Shut it off for me.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I'm not going to kill you, O'Ryan.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Of course you will. I've seen it.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: You saw wrong!
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: That's impossible.
speaker_heading: FRAN (O.S.)
dialog: Mack? Can you hear me?
text: 50 yards out now. Maybe close enough to hear O'Ryan's voice...
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: (rambling, unraveling)
dialog: You don't understand. Those fucking faces
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: on that map. They call to me. I see their
text: eyes in the dark - they're staring at me:
dialog: "How did you let this happen to me?" But
dialog: that's the thing about them - they're
text: like pictures. They never blink. They
dialog: just...stare, and always at me. That's my
dialog: destiny, do you see? I didn't help them
dialog: when they needed me and this is my
dialog: penance. Fine. I ACCEPT IT. But I'm
dialog: opting out now, ya get it? I can't stand
dialog: this anymore! I wanna close my eyes for
dialog: once and see something other than
dialog: torture.
dialog: (Mackelway's expressionless)
dialog: It's not a bad start, Mack. We've made
dialog: the world a little safer now. Speck,
dialog: Fulcher, Starkey, now Zero. We've made
dialog: justice. But I get some too. You have to
dialog: end all this for me. That's why you're
dialog: here. It's your destiny.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Stop telling me about my fucking destiny!
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: (again)
dialog: But I've seen it!
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Open your eyes, O'Ryan! Here I am,
dialog: standing here. I'm not shooting you.
dialog: Doesn't that fucking tell you something?
dialog: You're a guy with a skill. Period. They
dialog: taught you more than they should've. I'm
dialog: sorry about that... But you're not God.
dialog: You can't see everything.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Yes I can! And you can too! That's why I
dialog: chose you!
speaker_heading: FRAN (O.S.)
dialog: Mack?
text: Mackelway's not budging. O'Ryan can see that.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: (re: tire-iron)
dialog: Fine. I'll make it easy for you:
text: O'Ryan picks up that tire-iron. Mackelway sees what's coming.
text: O'Ryan swings the tire-iron as Mackelway backs out of its
dialog: range.
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Put the fucking thing down, O'Ryan.
text: O'Ryan keeps pursuing. Another swing. Mackelway keeps backing
text: up. The swing misses.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Look. It's perfect. Won't even need a
dialog: hearing this way. You apprehended the
text: suspect in the commission of a murder.
dialog: Then he turned on you and you fired in
dialog: self-defense.
text: O'Ryan isn't letting up. And Mackelway can't quite fire.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: These things are bigger than you -
dialog: haven't you seen that yet? Destiny.
dialog: Justice. Mercy. They're vast. We're just
dialog: puppets!
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I'm not going to kill you!
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: You don't get to decide that!
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Yes I do!
dialog: O'Ryan takes one more swing, as:
speaker_heading: FRAN (O.S.)
dialog: FREEZE!!!
text: Silence. Mackelway turns. So does O'Ryan.
text: There's Fran, emerging from the tall wheat, gun trained right
text: on O'Ryan. His shock is total.
speaker_heading: FRAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Drop it.
text: O'Ryan doesn't move at first. Then, slowly, an ironic smile
text: snakes its way across his lips.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: (at Mackelway, surprised)
dialog: It's funny. I never saw anyone else out
dialog: here. Did you?
text: Mackelway doesn't answer. He can't. O'Ryan eyes him.
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Do it, Mack. Please.
dialog: (Mackelway's silent)
dialog: Please. I'm begging you.
dialog: There it was: the very thing Mackelway's been hearing all this
text: time, the exact words. Unsettling as hell.
text: ...and we begin to INTERCUT: images of this moment with images
dialog: from those "VISIONS" that have been hinting at this very
dialog: wheatfield since Page One...
scene_heading: 208a INTERCUT WITH/EXT. WHEATFIELD "FANTASY" - SAME 208a
text: Tall wheat, wet wind, O'Ryan's voice: "I'm begging you..."
text: ...Mackelway snaps himself out of the vision.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: I can't.
dialog: That was almost an attempt to make those images stop, to deny
text: its awful, inevitable conclusion.
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm not you.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN
dialog: Yet.
text: Two men, neither of them flinching... until O'Ryan nods - as
dialog: if to say "Good-bye."
text: ...more of that vision interrupts now: a gun, rising...
text: O'Ryan rears back and swings that tire-iron right at
text: Mackelway's head.
text: Fran has no choice. She fires.
text: O'Ryan is hit right between the shoulder blades. The tire-iron
text: hits Mackelway in the shoulder. O'Ryan crumbles to the ground,
text: landing face up.
text: ...a body slumping to the ground. O'Ryan... Mackelway stands
dialog: over him...
text: Now, real-life again, Mackelway stands over O'Ryan, just as
text: O'Ryan had always envisioned it. That makes him smile, even as
text: he's dying.
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: O'RYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (weak)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Then he dies, eyes open. Mackelway looks to Fran...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 209 EXT. SERVICE ROAD - DAWN 209
text: Hours have passed. Dozens of LAW ENFORCEMENT VEHICLES have
text: arrived. Sherrifs, Feds. Zero's rig remains on its side.
text: Mackelway sits nearby on a CURB, his shattered wrist is in a
text: SLING. Up above, the CLOUDS have parted. Morning sun streaks
text: through. No more rain. Fran sits beside him.
text: At their feet, in the gutter of this service road, lies a
text: discarded MILK CARTON, covered with dust. The face under the
dialog: "Have You Seen Me?" is unknown to us.
text: Kathleen is nearby, holding Charlie tight. Cops surround them.
text: An UNMARKED SEDAN arrives. Charlton hurries out of it, making
text: a bee-line for Mackelway.
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: Nice work.
dialog: (Mackelway half-nods)
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: MACKELWAY
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: CHARLTON
dialog: O'Ryan. Where is he?
text: Mackelway rises, studies Charlton. There's nothing to say.
text: So he extends a hand to Fran. She takes it, rising to her
text: feet. They leave Charlton behind...
text: We PULL AWAY from them, craning up, taking in this expanse of
text: tall wheat, TILTING UP to that morning sun.
scene_heading: MATCH DISSOLVE TO:
text: ...an AFTERNOON SUN now - blazing white hot. TILT DOWN...
dialog: 126.
scene_heading: 210 EXT. DELIA'S RANCH-HOUSE - DAY 210
text: We're some distance away. HEAT RISES off parched Earth,
text: lending a vaporous screen to everything. But we can make out
text: the shapes of men in HAZ-MAT SUITS.
text: Delia's backyard is being torn up by a BACK-HOE. Looks like a
text: war-zone: BODIES, wrapped in cloth, being exhumed from the
dialog: ground. Dozens of them...
dialog: But there's plenty of soil yet to be turned... Might be
text: HUNDREDS unearthed by the time these guys are through. We...
text: FADE OUT...
dialog: 
