dialog: 
scene_heading: SWEENEY TODD: THE DEMON BARBER OF FLEET STREET
dialog: Written by
dialog: John Logan
dialog: Music and Lyrics by
dialog: Stephen Sondheim
dialog: Adapted from the Stage Musical
dialog: "Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street"
dialog: Music and Lyrics by Stephen Sondheim
dialog: Book by Hugh Wheeler
dialog: Based on a version of "Sweeney Todd"
dialog: by Christopher Bond
speaker_heading: 18th DECEMBER, 2006
dialog: PAGE 1.
scene_heading: 1 INT. DARK CHAMBER -- NIGHT 1
text: Foreboding organ music is heard...
text: We are looking down at a rough brick floor ... is it an
dialog: alley? ... a cobblestone street? ... a warehouse? a factory?
dialog: ... we're not sure...
text: The flickering glow of flame is the only illumination...
text: The ominous organ music continues as...
text: From the bottom of the frame...
text: A dark pool of blood slowly begins to spread ... moving up
text: the frame, defying gravity ... the flickering flame reflected
dialog: in the blood...
text: Finally, the pool of blood fills the entire frame.
speaker_heading: SUDDENLY--
text: A shrill factory whistle blows--
text: ENORMOUSLY LOUD -- blood-chilling and spine-shattering --
text: the whistle is a bizarre combination of sound: a factory
text: whistle; a hog being slaughtered; a dog snarling; a roaring
text: inferno; a human scream--
text: And a man's face appears, upside down, reflected in the pool
dialog: of blood.
text: He is THE GENTLEMAN, a slender dandy in pearl grey gloves and
text: matching waistcoat. A cold and superior aristocrat.
text: The camera slowly revolves -- the Gentleman becoming right
dialog: side up as--
speaker_heading: GENTLEMAN
text: Attend the tale of Sweeney Todd.
text: His skin was pale and his eye was odd.
dialog: He shaved the faces of gentlemen
dialog: Who never thereafter were heard of again.
dialog: He trod a path that few have trod,
dialog: Did Sweeney Todd,
dialog: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street.
text: We cut from the blood to see the Gentleman standing before
text: us. Strangely impassive.
text: We are in an eerie dark chamber, unclear, a low ceiling, a
text: world of silhouettes and shadows.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 2.
speaker_heading: 1 CONTINUED: 1
text: Another figure emerges from the miasma of shadows, into the
text: hellish flickering of flame: THE BANKER. He is large, rotund
text: and sleek. Impressive muttonchops.
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: He kept a shop in London town,
dialog: Of fancy clients and good renown,
dialog: And what if none of their souls were saved?
dialog: They went to their maker impeccably shaved...
text: More FIGURES begin to emerge from the shadows, joining the
dialog: Gentleman and the Banker as...
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: By Sweeney,
dialog: By Sweeney Todd,
dialog: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street.
dialog: Although prosaic in appearance these figures are, in fact,
speaker_heading: GHOSTS.
speaker_heading: GHOSTS
dialog: Swing your razor wide, Sweeney!
dialog: Hold it to the skies!
dialog: Freely flows the blood of those
dialog: Who moralize!
text: As they continue, the new figures become more distinct...
text: THE GENERAL, a tough, leather-skinned military man in a
text: crimson imperial uniform...
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: His needs were few, his room was bare:
text: THE PRIEST, a lean, severe man with pale skin in clerical
dialog: attire...
speaker_heading: PRIEST
text: A lavabo and a fancy chair...
text: THE TOURIST, a small, meek man with glasses in an ill-fitting
dialog: suit...
speaker_heading: TOURIST
text: A mug of suds and a leather strop,
text: An apron, a towel, a pail and a mop...
text: THE STUDENT, a dashing young man from Oxford with luxurious
dialog: long hair...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 3.
speaker_heading: 1 CONTINUED: (2) 1
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: For neatness he deserves a nod,
dialog: Does Sweeney Todd...
speaker_heading: GENTLEMAN
dialog: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street.
text: The ghosts are a bit more insinuating now as they move around
dialog: this mysterious world...
speaker_heading: GHOSTS
dialog: (variously)
dialog: Inconspicuous Sweeney was,
dialog: Quick and quiet and clean `e was.
text: Back of his smile, under his word,
dialog: Sweeney heard music that nobody heard.
dialog: Sweeney pondered and Sweeney planned,
dialog: Like a perfect machine 'e planned,
dialog: Sweeney was smooth, Sweeney was subtle,
text: Sweeney would blink and rats would scuttle...
text: The specters are becoming more insistent, their strange
text: impassivity giving way to accusation as the flickering red
text: flame becomes an inferno--
speaker_heading: GHOSTS
dialog: (variously)
dialog: Sweeney was smooth, Sweeney was subtle,
text: Sweeney would blink and rats would scuttle.
dialog: Inconspicuous Sweeney was,
dialog: Quick and quiet and clean 'e was,
dialog: Like a perfect machine 'e was,
dialog: Was Sweeney!
dialog: Sweeney!
dialog: Sweeney!
dialog: Sweeeeeneeeeey!
text: On this explosive note we revolve -- away from the ghostly
dialog: Furies--
dialog: To discover--
text: SWEENEY TODD. Standing before us. An unclear figure,
text: silhouetted in blazing red flames.
text: We slowly push in on him as:
speaker_heading: GHOSTS
text: Attend the tale of Sweeney Todd.
dialog: He served a dark and a vengeful god.
dialog: What happened then--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 4.
speaker_heading: 1 CONTINUED: (3) 1
speaker_heading: GENTLEMAN
dialog: Well, who's to say?
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: And he wouldn't want us to give it away,
speaker_heading: GHOSTS
dialog: (variously)
dialog: Not Sweeney,
dialog: Not Sweeney Todd,
dialog: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street.
text: On this note, we push in tight on the figure of Todd...
text: Music and the clanging of a clock tower bell are heard as we
text: slowly begin pulling back and are imperceptibly transported
dialog: to...
scene_heading: 2 EXT. SHIP -- THAMES -- ALMOST DAWN 2
text: ANTHONY, a young sailor of about 20, is standing at the rail
text: of a ship. We see the obscure shape of rigging and sails
text: behind him. The cries of sailors echo.
text: Behind him stand the GENTLEMAN and the BANKER. They are
text: looking past Anthony, looking at something. They move away as
text: Anthony peers through the fog, straining to see...
dialog: London.
text: Gradually, as the ship approaches, the towering spires and
text: mountainous rooftops of the city begin to stand out in
text: relief, to emerge through the fog like a tiger creeping
text: toward its prey.
text: Music continues as Anthony takes in the dreadful and
text: magnificent spectacle of the 19th Century metropolis. The
text: gnarl of rooftops. The labyrinth of streets and alleys. The
text: black trails of smoke reaching up like skeletal fingers from
text: a thousand chimneys.
dialog: London. Sulfurous London.
text: Anthony is awestruck.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I have sailed the world, beheld its wonders
dialog: From the Dardanelles
dialog: To the mountains of Peru,
dialog: But there's no place like London--!
dialog: Then--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 5.
speaker_heading: 2 CONTINUED: 2
text: Sweeney Todd steps to Anthony's side, grimly interrupting--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: No, there's no place like London.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Mr. Todd...?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: You are young.
dialog: Life has been kind to you.
dialog: You will learn.
text: Todd's glares forward, his haunted gaze never leaving the
text: approaching city.
scene_heading: 3 EXT. DOCKS -- DAWN 3
text: Music continues as Todd stands very still and takes in the
text: shadowy figures on the docks.
text: Anthony seems almost lost at his side, overwhelmed by the
text: scale and aura of the city.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Lord ... takes your breath away,
dialog: doesn't it?
text: Todd shudders violently, almost snarling.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: There's a hole in the world
dialog: Like a great black pit
dialog: And the vermin of the world
dialog: Inhabit it
dialog: And its morals aren't worth
dialog: What a pig could spit
dialog: And it goes by the name Of London.
text: At the top of the hole
dialog: Sit the privileged few
text: Making mock of the vermin
dialog: In the lower zoo,
text: Turning beauty into filth and greed.
dialog: I too
dialog: Have sailed the world, and seen its wonders
dialog: For the cruelty of men
dialog: Is as wondrous as Peru,
dialog: But there's no place like London!
text: Anthony looks at his friend, mystified by his grim reaction
dialog: to the city.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 6.
speaker_heading: 3 CONTINUED: 3
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: I beg your indulgence, Anthony ... My
dialog: mind is far from easy. In these once
dialog: familiar streets I feel shadows
dialog: everywhere...
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Shadows...?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Ghosts.
text: Anthony looking at him, questioning. Todd continues quietly:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: There was a barber and his wife,
dialog: And she was beautiful,
text: A foolish barber and his wife,
dialog: She was his reason and his life,
dialog: And she was beautiful,
dialog: And she was virtuous.
dialog: And he was...
dialog: (a breath)
dialog: Naive.
text: Anthony watches, rapt, as Todd remembers...
scene_heading: 4 EXT. FLOWER MARKET -- FLASHBACK -- DAY 4
dialog: ...Fifteen years before.
text: Todd walks with his beautiful wife LUCY through a crowded
text: flower market, a colorful explosion of blossoms. Lucy carries
text: their one-year-old baby, JOHANNA.
text: Todd is almost unrecognizable to us, content and smiling.
text: Chatting with his wife. Happy.
speaker_heading: TODD (V.O.)
dialog: There was another man who saw
dialog: That she was beautiful,
text: A pious vulture of the law,
text: Who with a gesture of his claw
text: Removed the barber from his plate.
dialog: Then there was nothing but to wait
dialog: And she would fall,
dialog: So soft,
dialog: So young,
dialog: So lost,
dialog: And oh, so beautiful!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 7.
speaker_heading: 4 CONTINUED: 4
text: During the above, JUDGE TURPIN, an elderly man with a
text: saturnine demeanor, eyes Lucy through the luxurious bunches
text: of flowers. He stalks her, desiring her.
text: With the Judge is his nefarious creature, BEADLE BAMFORD. The
text: Beadle is a large man, his florid nature and pink, powdered
text: face never quite disguising his lethality.
text: The Judge whispers to the Beadle, indicating Todd. Then the
text: Beadle and several policemen sweep in and drag Todd off. The
text: Judge moves in on Lucy like a predator.
dialog: And we return to...
scene_heading: 5 EXT. DOCKS -- DAWN 5
text: Music continues.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: And the lady, sir ... did she succumb?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Oh, that was many years ago...
dialog: I doubt if anyone would know.
text: A quiet beat.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: I owe you my life, Anthony. If you
dialog: hadn't spotted me, I would be lost on
dialog: the ocean still ... Thank you.
text: Todd picks up his duffel bag, preparing to go.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Will I see you again?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: You might find me, if you like, around
dialog: Fleet Street.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Until then, my friend.
text: He offers his hand. Todd takes it and shakes.
text: Then Todd quickly turns and goes.
text: Anthony stands for a moment, saddened by the mysterious pall
text: that hangs over his friend.
dialog: PAGE 8.
scene_heading: 6 EXT. STREET -- MORNING 6
text: Todd strides along, deep in thought. The emotions roiling
text: within him finally seethe out in a dark mutter:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: There's a hole in the world
dialog: Like a great black pit
dialog: And it's filled with people
dialog: Who are filled with shit
dialog: And the vermin of the world
dialog: Inhabit it...
text: He disappears down the street as the music THUNDERS--
scene_heading: 7 EXT. LONDON ASSAULT -- DAY 7
text: --We ZOOM ahead of Todd -- cutting through the city at
text: lightning pace down twisting alleys and up crowded boulevards
text: -- into tunnels and over bridges -- slashing through London
text: at breakneck speed -- the insane explosion of music sending
dialog: us hurtling to--
scene_heading: 8 EXT. THE PIE SHOP -- DAY 8
dialog: Fleet Street.
text: We see the exterior of Mrs. Lovett's pie shop. It is tatty
text: and unloved by all. Yet it has a strange, ghostly presence to
text: it. Imposing and dead at the same time.
text: There is an exterior staircase leading up to a darkened
text: second floor room with a window overlooking the street.
text: The music slows and continues as we see Todd, standing in
text: front of the shop, considering it deeply.
text: The GENERAL we saw before passes, glancing at Todd. Here and
text: then gone.
text: Todd finally strides to the shop and enters...
scene_heading: 9 INT. PIE SHOP -- DAY 9
text: Behind the dusty counter is...
text: MRS. LOVETT, a venal, vigorous and slatternly woman in her
dialog: 40's.
text: She is currently busy chopping a loathsome mess of suet with
text: a wicked looking knife, her greasy hair hanging down over her
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 9.
speaker_heading: 9 CONTINUED: 9
text: The moment Todd enters -- and the bell at the door sounds --
text: her head snaps up and her eyes are on him like a bird of
dialog: prey:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: A customer!
text: Todd is startled, starts to go--
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Wait! What's yer rush?
dialog: What's yer hurry?
text: (She sticks the knife into
dialog: the counter)
dialog: You gave me such a--
dialog: (Wipes her hands on her
dialog: apron) )
dialog: Fright. I thought you was a ghost.
dialog: Half a minute, can'tcher?
dialog: Sit!
dialog: Sit ye down!
dialog: (An order)
dialog: Sit!
dialog: (He obeys)
dialog: All I meant is that I
dialog: Haven't seen a customer for weeks.
dialog: Did you come here for a pie, sir?
text: (Todd nods. She flicks a
dialog: bit of dust off a pie
dialog: with a rag)
dialog: Do forgive me if me head's a little vague--
dialog: Ugh!
text: (She plucks something off
dialog: the pie, examines it)
dialog: What is that?
dialog: But you'd think we had the plague--
text: (She drops it on the floor
dialog: and stamps on it)
dialog: From the way that people--
text: (She flicks something off
dialog: the pie with her finger)
dialog: Keep avoiding--
dialog: (Spotting it moving)
dialog: No, you don't!
text: (She smacks it with her
dialog: hand)
dialog: Heaven knows I try, sir!
text: (Lifts her hand, looks at
dialog: it)
dialog: Tsk!
text: (She wipes it on the edge
dialog: of the counter)
text: But there's no one comes in even to inhale--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 10.
speaker_heading: 9 CONTINUED: (2) 9
dialog: Tsk!
dialog: (She blows the last dust
text: off the pie as she brings
dialog: it to him)
dialog: Right you are, sir. Would you like a drop of ale?
dialog: (Todd nods)
dialog: Mind you, I can't hardly blame them--
dialog: (Pouring a tankard of ale)
dialog: These are probably the worst pies in London.
dialog: I know why nobody cares to take them--
dialog: I should know,
dialog: I make them.
dialog: But good? No,
dialog: The worst pies in London--
dialog: Even that's polite.
dialog: The worst pies in London--
dialog: If you doubt it, take a bite.
dialog: (He does. It's horrible)
dialog: Is that just disgusting?
dialog: You have to concede it.
dialog: It's nothing but crusting--
dialog: Here, drink this, you'll need it--
dialog: (She gives him the ale)
dialog: The worst pies in London.
text: During the following, she slams lumps of dough on the counter
text: and rolls them out, grunting frequently as she goes:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: And no wonder with the price of meat
dialog: What it is--
dialog: (Grunt)
dialog: When you get it.
dialog: (Grunt)
dialog: Never
dialog: (Grunt)
dialog: Thought I'd live to see the day
dialog: Men'd think it was a treat
dialog: Finding poor
dialog: (Grunt)
dialog: Animals
dialog: (Grunt)
text: Wot are dying in the street.
dialog: Mrs. Mooney has a pie shop,
dialog: Does a business, but I noticed something weird--
text: Lately all her neighbors' cats have disappeared.
dialog: (Shrugs)
dialog: Have to hand it to her--
dialog: Wot I calls
dialog: Enterprise,
text: Popping pussies into pies.
dialog: Wouldn't do in my shop--
dialog: Just the thought of it's enough to make you sick.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 11.
scene_heading: 9 CONTINUED: (3) 9
dialog: And I'm telling you them pussy cats is quick.
dialog: (Leans on counter,
dialog: exhausted)
dialog: No denying times is hard, sir -- Even harder than
dialog: The worst pies in London.
dialog: Only lard and nothing more--
dialog: (As Todd gamely tries
dialog: another mouthful)
dialog: Is that just revolting?
text: All greasy and gritty,
text: It looks like it's molting,
dialog: And tastes like--
dialog: Well, pity
dialog: A woman alone
dialog: With limited wind
dialog: And the worst pies in London!
dialog: (Sighs heavily)
dialog: Ah sir,
dialog: Times is hard. Times is hard.
text: She finishes one of the crusts with a flourish as the music
dialog: ends.
text: Todd, meanwhile, is gulping at his ale, trying to wash down
text: Mrs. Lovett's hideous creation.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Trust me, dearie, it's going to take
dialog: more than ale to wash that taste out.
dialog: Come with me and we'll get you a nice
text: tumbler of gin.
text: She leads him through the curtains at the back of the pie
dialog: shop and into...
scene_heading: 10 INT. PARLOR -- DAY 10
text: ... Her parlor is a wonder of seedy faux-middle class
text: Victoriana. Little knickknacks, dusty plants and dingy
text: doilies. There is a threadbare mauve sofa in front of a
text: comfortable fire.
text: A faded picture postcard of the seaside hangs on a wall.
text: She goes to a sideboard and pours him a huge glass of gin as:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Isn't this homey now? Me cheery
dialog: wallpaper was a real bargain too, it
dialog: being only partly singed when the
dialog: chapel burnt down ....
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 12.
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED: 10
text: She hands him the gin. He gulps it down, washing the taste of
text: her pie out of his mouth.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: There's a good boy, now you sit down
dialog: and warm your bones, you look chilled
dialog: through.
text: He sits before the fire:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Isn't that a room over the shop? If
dialog: times are so hard, why don't you rent
dialog: it out?
text: She glances up at the roof, considering the room over them.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Up there? Oh, no one will go near
dialog: it...
text: She turns to him, something a little intense and probing
text: about her gaze.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: People think it's haunted.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Haunted?
text: She holds his gaze.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: And who's to say they're wrong? ...
dialog: You see, years ago, something happened
dialog: up there. Something not very nice...
text: The flickering flame from the fire begins to cast a more
text: intense red glow on her face...
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: There was a barber and his wife,
dialog: And he was beautiful,
text: A proper artist with a knife,
dialog: But they transported him for life.
dialog: (Sighs)
dialog: And he was beautiful...
text: The music continues as she looks at him, again with that
text: rather intense gaze:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 13.
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED: (2) 10
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Barker, his name was -- Benjamin
dialog: Barker.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Transported? What was his crime?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (with an edge)
dialog: Foolishness.
text: She turns again to the fire, the red glow bathing her face as
dialog: she remembers...
scene_heading: 11 INT. BARBER SHOP -- FLASHBACK -- DAY 11
text: Lucy is pacing, holding Baby Johanna to her closely. Lucy is
text: distraught, strained, tears in her eyes.
text: As Lucy paces we notice the room is full of dead and dying
text: flowers: dozens of dried bouquets tossed aside and ignored.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: He had this wife, you see,
dialog: Pretty little thing,
dialog: Silly little nit
dialog: Had her chance for the moon on a string--
dialog: Poor thing. Poor thing.
text: Lucy moves to the window, looks out. She sees Judge Turpin
text: and the Beadle waiting below. The Judge holds yet another
dialog: bouquet.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: There was this Judge, you see,
dialog: Wanted her like mad,
dialog: Every day he'd send her a flower,
dialog: But did she come down from her tower?
text: Sat up there and sobbed by the hour,
dialog: Poor fool.
text: Lucy moves away from the window, sobbing.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: Ah, but there was worse yet to come,
dialog: Poor thing.
dialog: PAGE 14.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. EXCLUSIVE STREET -- FLASHBACK -- EVENING 12
text: The Beadle is leading a nervous Lucy along an exclusive
text: street of dark stone mansions, grand but somehow menacing.
text: Lucy is wearing her best dress.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
text: The Beadle calls on her, all polite,
dialog: Poor thing, poor thing.
text: The Judge, he tells her, is all contrite,
text: He blames himself for her dreadful plight
dialog: She must come straight to his house tonight!
dialog: Poor thing, poor thing.
scene_heading: 13 INT. TURPIN'S MANSION -- BALLROOM -- FLASHBACK -- NIGHT 13
text: The Beadle ushers Lucy into a ballroom. She is shocked to see
text: a fancy-dress ball in progress.
text: Masked couples swirl around the ballroom, their number
text: sinisterly multiplied by the distorting mirrors that frame
text: the room. The hanging chandeliers, draped in red cloth, cast
text: a disquieting incarnadine glow on the proceedings...
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: Of course, when she goes there,
dialog: Poor thing, poor thing,
dialog: They're having this ball all in masks.
text: Lucy wanders lost through the swirling dancers, they buffet
dialog: her, confusing her...
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: There's no one she knows there,
dialog: Poor dear, poor thing,
text: She wanders tormented, and drinks,
dialog: Poor thing.
text: The Judge has repented, she thinks,
dialog: Poor thing.
text: "Oh, where is Judge Turpin?" she asks.
text: The Beadle finds Lucy again and graciously gives her his arm,
text: leading her through the party. She is thankful for the
text: salvation he provides. He brings her to Judge Turpin.
text: The Judge descends on Lucy, raping her. The other guests
text: crowd around ravenously, enjoying the spectacle. A feverish
dialog: nightmare.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: He was there, all right--
dialog: Only not so contrite!
dialog: She wasn't no match for such craft, you see,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 15.
scene_heading: 13 CONTINUED: 13
dialog: And everyone thought it so droll.
dialog: They figured she had to be daft, you see,
dialog: So all of `em stood there and laughed, you see,
dialog: Poor soul!
dialog: Poor thing!
speaker_heading: TODD (V.O.)
text: NOOOOOOOO...!
text: Todd's wild howl shatters the memory and tears us back to--
scene_heading: 14 INT. PARLOR -- DAY 14
text: --Todd is bolting up from the sofa, tormented--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: ..... NOOOOOO!
text: He stands for a terrible beat.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Would no one have mercy on her?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: So it is you -- Benjamin Barker.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Where's Lucy?! Where's my wife?!
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: She poisoned herself. Arsenic from the
dialog: apothecary on the corner. I tried to
dialog: stop her but she wouldn't listen to
dialog: me. And he's got your daughter.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: He? Judge Turpin?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
text: Adopted her like his own.
text: Todd absorbs this sickening news.
speaker_heading: TODD
text: Fifteen years of sweating in a living
dialog: hell on a false charge. Fifteen years
dialog: dreaming that I might come home to
dialog: find a loving wife and child...
text: A beat as he stares into the fire, madness and purpose
text: creeping in.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 16.
scene_heading: 14 CONTINUED: 14
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Well, I can't say the years have been
dialog: particularly kind to you, Mr. Barker,
dialog: but you still--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: No, not Barker. That man is dead. It's
dialog: Todd now. Sweeney Todd ... And he will
dialog: have his revenge.
text: He continues with a chilling and quiet resolve as he stares
text: with unblinking eyes into the fire:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Judge Turpin and the Beadle will pay
dialog: for what they did.
text: A beat. He finally turns to her.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: First I must have my shop back.
scene_heading: 15 EXT. PIE SHOP -- DAY 15
text: They emerge from the pie shop. She begins to scale the
text: exterior staircase to the darkened second floor room. He
text: hesitates.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Come along...
text: She continues up, he slowly follows.
scene_heading: 16 INT. BARBER SHOP -- DAY 16
text: A macabre shroud of dust and spider's webs. Furniture covered
text: in sheets. A broken mirror on one wall.
text: We hear footsteps approaching and then Mrs. Lovett enters.
text: The door creaks like a living thing.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Not to worry, a touch of oil will put
dialog: that right.
dialog: (she turns back to Todd)
dialog: ... Nothing to be afraid of, love,
dialog: come in.
text: She moves into the room. But Todd hesitates at the door,
text: looking into the room.
dialog: For him this is a truly haunted place.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 17.
scene_heading: 16 CONTINUED: 16
text: Meanwhile, she kneels and pries loose a floorboard.
text: Underneath there is a hidden area. Within that, something
text: covered with a velvet cloth. She removes it and carefully
text: unwraps it. Her touch is particularly gentle and respectful.
text: We discover it is a fine leather case. She looks at it for a
text: beat. Then turns to him, dusting it off.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: I don't believe it...
text: He finally steps into the room, drawn toward the case.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: When they came for the girl, I hid
dialog: 'em. I thought, who knows? Maybe the
dialog: silly blighter'll be back again.
dialog: Cracked in the head, wasn't I?
text: Haunting music begins as she opens the case...
text: And we see it contains a beautiful set of razors.
text: He stands for a long moment, gazing down at his beloved
dialog: razors.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Those handles is chased silver, ain't
dialog: they?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Silver, yes...
dialog: These are my friends,
dialog: See how they glisten.
text: (He picks up a small
dialog: razor)
dialog: See this one shine,
text: How he smiles in the light.
dialog: My friend, my faithful friend.
text: (Holding it to his ear,
text: feeling the edge with his
dialog: thumb) )
dialog: Speak to me friend,
dialog: Whisper, I'll listen.
dialog: (Listening)
dialog: I know, I know--
dialog: You've been locked out of sight
dialog: All these years--
dialog: Like me, my friend.
dialog: Well, I've come home
dialog: To find you waiting.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 18.
scene_heading: 16 CONTINUED: (2) 16
dialog: Home,
dialog: And we're together,
dialog: And we'll do wonders,
dialog: Won't we?
text: Mrs. Lovett leans over him, in her own kind of trance as
text: well. They now sing simultaneously:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (Picking out a larger
dialog: razor)
dialog: You there, my friend,
dialog: Come, let me hold you.
text: Now, with a sigh
dialog: You grow warm
dialog: In my hand,
dialog: My friend,
dialog: My clever friend.
dialog: (Putting it back)
dialog: Rest now, my friends.
dialog: Soon I'll unfold you.
dialog: Soon you'll know splendors
dialog: You never have dreamed
dialog: All your days--
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: I'm your friend too, Mr. Todd.
dialog: If you only knew, Mr. Todd--
dialog: Ooh, Mr. Todd,
dialog: You're warm
dialog: In my hand.
dialog: You've come home.
dialog: Always had a fondness for you,
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: --My lucky friends.
dialog: Till now your shine
dialog: Was merely silver.
dialog: Friends,
dialog: You shall drip rubies,
dialog: You'll soon drip precious
dialog: Rubies...
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Never you fear, Mr. Todd,
dialog: You can move in here, Mr. Todd.
dialog: Splendors you never have dreamed
dialog: All your days
dialog: Will be yours.
dialog: I'm your friend.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 19.
scene_heading: 16 CONTINUED: (3) 16
dialog: And you're mine.
dialog: Don't they shine beautiful?
dialog: Silver's good enough for me,
dialog: Mr. T...
text: The music continues quietly as Todd stares at one of his
dialog: razors.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Leave me now...
text: She goes. Todd finally picks up his biggest razor and slowly
text: opens it, looks at it.
speaker_heading: TODD
text: At last my arm is complete again.
text: And he remains standing. Exalted.
dialog: Then--
text: In the shattered mirror on the wall he suddenly sees--
text: The distorted reflections of the Gentleman, the Banker, and
text: the General, looking at him--
speaker_heading: GHOSTS
dialog: Lift your razor high, Sweeney!
dialog: Hear it singing, "Yes!"
text: Sink it in the rosy skin
dialog: Of righteousness!
text: Todd turns to them...
speaker_heading: GHOSTS
dialog: (variously)
text: His voice was soft, his manner mild.
dialog: He seldom laughed but he often smiled,
dialog: He'd seen how civilized men behave.
dialog: He never forgot and he never forgave,
dialog: Not Sweeney,
dialog: Not Sweeney Todd,
dialog: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street.
text: Todd pulls a sheet off Baby Johanna's cradle. A cloud of dust
dialog: rises.
text: The ghosts disappear in the cloud of dust and Todd stands
text: alone, staring at the cradle, holding his razor.
dialog: PAGE 20.
scene_heading: 17 EXT. EXCLUSIVE STREET -- DAY 17
text: Anthony, now out of his sailor's uniform, is walking along
text: the sidewalk near the Judge's mansion, absorbed in a copy of
dialog: Baedeker's London.
text: He stops, lost, trying to get his bearings, studying his map.
text: Then an unusual sound emerges through the normal cosmopolitan
text: bustle. It is the sound of a woman humming. He looks up to
dialog: see...
text: JOHANNA, a 16-year-old girl with golden hair, beautiful and
text: hauntingly sad. She sits at her window above, behind bars,
text: humming to herself as she does needlepoint.
text: Anthony watches her, absolutely mesmerized.
text: Johanna notices a Bird Seller passing. He carries a long,
text: wooden pole with little bird cages attached.
speaker_heading: JOHANNA
dialog: Green finch and linnet bird,
dialog: Nightingale, blackbird,
dialog: How is it you sing?
dialog: How can you jubilate,
text: Sitting in cages,
dialog: Never taking wing?
text: Outside the sky waits,
text: Beckoning, beckoning,
text: Just beyond the bars.
dialog: How can you remain,
text: Staring at the rain,
dialog: Maddened by the stars?
dialog: How is it you sing
dialog: Anything?
dialog: How is it you sing?
text: Then ... she sees Anthony on the sidewalk below.
text: Music continues. There is a long look between them. Her
text: intense, melancholy expression moves him.
text: She continues singing, the strange anguish and yearning of
text: her words seem intended only for him...
speaker_heading: JOHANNA
dialog: My cage has many rooms,
text: Damask and dark.
dialog: Nothing there sings,
dialog: Not even my lark.
dialog: Larks never will, you know,
dialog: When they're captive.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 21.
scene_heading: 17 CONTINUED: 17
dialog: Teach me to be more adaptive.
dialog: Green finch and linnet bird,
dialog: Nightingale, blackbird,
dialog: Teach me how to sing.
dialog: If I cannot fly,
dialog: Let me sing.
text: Then she turns away quickly, alarmed, when someone enters her
text: room. She looks terrified.
text: Below, Anthony is concerned for her. He sees her move from
dialog: the window.
text: He is craning to see better when a BEGGAR WOMAN -- a filthy
text: tendril of a woman, her foul clothes of rags like a second
text: skin -- suddenly thrusts her arm up from the curb, imploring:
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: Alms! ... Alms! ...
dialog: For a miserable woman
dialog: On a miserable chilly morning...
text: (Anthony drops a coin into
dialog: her hand)
dialog: Thank yer, sir, thank yer.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Ma'am, could tell me whose house this
dialog: is?
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: That's the great Judge Turpin's house
dialog: that is.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: And the young lady who resides there?
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: That's Johanna, his pretty little
dialog: ward. Keeps her snug, he does, all
dialog: locked up ... So don't you go
dialog: trespassing there or it's a good
dialog: whipping for you -- or any other young
dialog: man with mischief on his mind...
text: She suddenly leers into a lewd and demented assault:
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: 'Ow would you like a little muff, dear,
dialog: A little jig jig
dialog: A little bounce around the bush?
dialog: Wouldn't you like to push me parsley?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 22.
scene_heading: 17 CONTINUED: (2) 17
dialog: It looks to me, dear,
dialog: Like you got plenty there to push.
text: She grabs at Anthony's crotch -- Anthony starts back -- she
text: turns away, instantly plaintive again, and appeals to other
text: pedestrians as she goes:
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: Alms! ... Alms!...
dialog: For a desperate woman...
text: Anthony considers the mansion. He sees a figure standing at a
text: window, unclear behind the shutters, watching him.
text: He sits on a bench outside the mansion and sings quietly:
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I feel you,
dialog: Johanna,
dialog: I feel you.
dialog: I was half convinced I'd waken,
dialog: Satisfied enough to dream you.
dialog: Happily I was mistaken, Johanna!
dialog: I'll steal you,
dialog: Johanna,
dialog: I'll steal you...
text: Then the figure disappears from the window above. Anthony
text: stands, waits. Then the doors to the mansion swing open...
text: Anthony is expecting Johanna...
dialog: But it is Judge Turpin, the predator we met in Todd's
text: flashback, who steps into the doorway.
text: He seems a different man now. Paternal and warm, he smiles
text: and beckons to Anthony.
text: Anthony hesitates, unsure. The Judge beckons again. Again the
text: warm smile.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Come in, lad. Come in...
text: Anthony goes into the mansion.
scene_heading: 18 INT. TURPIN'S MANSION -- LIBRARY -- DAY 18
text: Judge Turpin leads Anthony into the dark library, filled with
text: books. Anthony is looking around for Johanna. He is wary,
dialog: this is all very strange.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 23.
scene_heading: 18 CONTINUED: 18
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: ... you were looking for Hyde Park,
dialog: you say?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Yes, it's terribly large on the map
dialog: but I keep getting lost...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Sit down, lad, sit down.
text: Anthony sits, uncomfortable, as the Judge pours two snifters
text: of brandy.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: It's embarrassing for a sailor to lose
dialog: his bearings, but, well, there you
dialog: are.
dialog: Then...
text: The large form of the Beadle appears from the shadows. No
text: introduction is made. Anthony glances to him, uneasy.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: A sailor, eh?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Yes, sir. The "Bountiful" out of
dialog: Plymouth.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
text: (handing him a snifter of
dialog: brandy)
dialog: A sailor must know the ways of the
dialog: world, yes? ... Must be practiced in
dialog: the ways of the world ... Would you
dialog: say you are practiced, boy?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Sir?
text: The Judge moves to consider some beautiful volumes, bound in
text: the richest leather. He runs a finger along the spines of the
dialog: books; his large library of pornography.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Oh, yes ... such practices ... the
dialog: geishas of Japan ... the concubines of
dialog: Siam .. the catamites of Greece ...
dialog: the harlots of India ... I have them
dialog: all here ... Drawings of them ....
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 24.
scene_heading: 18 CONTINUED: (2) 18
speaker_heading: JUDGE (cont'd)
dialog: (he turns again to
dialog: Anthony)
dialog: ... All the vile things you've done
dialog: with your whores.
text: Anthony is speechless. The Judge just smiles at him amiably.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Would you like to see?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: (standing)
dialog: I think there's been some mistake--
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Oh, I think not. You gandered at my
dialog: ward, Johanna ... You gandered at her
dialog: ... Yes, sir, you gandered.
text: The Beadle moves behind Anthony.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
text: (glancing nervously back
dialog: at the Beadle)
dialog: I meant no harm--
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Your meaning is immaterial. Mark me:
dialog: if I see your face again on this
dialog: street, you'll rue the day your bitch
dialog: of a mother gave you birth.
text: Anthony is stunned. The Judge proceeds with shocking venom:
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: My Johanna isn't one of your bloody
dialog: cock-chafers! My Johanna is not to be
dialog: gandered at!
text: He nods to the Beadle -- the Beadle instantly grabs Anthony
text: and brutally hauls him out.
scene_heading: 19 EXT. MANSION -- ALLEY -- DAY 19
text: The Beadle drags Anthony through a rear door of the mansion
text: and flings him into a filthy alley.
text: Anthony pulls himself up. Stunned.
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: Hyde Park is that way, young sir ... A
text: right and then a left, then straight
dialog: on, you see? ...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 25.
scene_heading: 19 CONTINUED: 19
speaker_heading: BEADLE (cont'd)
dialog: (points)
dialog: ... Over there.
text: Flustered, Anthony turns to look--
text: The instant Anthony's back is turned, the Beadle swings his
text: lethal billyclub and SLAMS him from behind brutally, in the
text: kidneys -- Anthony's knees buckle--
text: The Beadle then SLAMS Anthony across the back of the neck --
dialog: Anthony falls hard--
text: The Beadle then uses one dainty foot to roll Anthony over--
text: Anthony gazes up at him, panting for breath, in agony--
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: You heard Judge Turpin, little man.
text: He presses the end of his billyclub into Anthony's forehead,
dialog: grinding it hard--
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: Next time it'll be your pretty brains
text: all over the pavement.
text: With that, the Beadle returns to the mansion and slams the
dialog: door.
text: Anthony slowly pulls himself to his knees, doubled over,
text: coughing up blood.
text: A long beat as Anthony gets his breath, wiping blood from his
dialog: face.
text: Still doubled over, he sings with burning intensity:
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I'll steal you,
dialog: Johanna,
dialog: I'll steal you!
dialog: Do they think that walls can hide you?
dialog: Even now I'm at your window.
dialog: I am in the dark beside you,
dialog: Buried sweetly in your yellow hair.
text: He pulls himself up, every movement is agony. He makes his
text: way down the alley, leaning on the wall for support.
scene_heading: 20 EXT. EXCLUSIVE STREET -- DAY 20
text: The music swells as Anthony emerges from the dark alley into
text: the bright sunlight. He makes his way along the sidewalk:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 26.
scene_heading: 20 CONTINUED: 20
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I feel you, Johanna,
dialog: And one day I'll steal you.
dialog: Till I'm with you then,
dialog: I'm with you there,
dialog: Sweetly buried in your yellow hair...
text: The soaring music continues as Anthony stops at a park across
text: the street from Turpin's mansion, bravely gazing up at
text: Johanna's window.
scene_heading: 21 EXT. STREET LEADING TO ST. DUNSTAN'S MARKETPLACE -- DAY 21
text: Sweeney Todd and Mrs. Lovett are moving quickly, she
text: struggles to keep up with his long, loping stride. He carries
text: his razor case, she carries a shopping basket.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: He's here every Thursday?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
text: Like clockwork. Eyetalian. All the
dialog: rage he is.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Not for long.
scene_heading: 22 EXT. ST. DUNSTAN'S MARKETPLACE DAY 22
text: They round a corner and move into the bustling marketplace. A
text: steady mercantile hum as the cries of merchants and wandering
text: coster-mongers fill the air.
text: Todd and Mrs. Lovett move toward a hand-drawn caravan
text: dominating one corner of the marketplace. It is painted like
text: a Sicilian donkey cart and on its side a sign declaims:
dialog: "Signor Adolfo Pirelli -- Haircutter to His Royal Majesty the
dialog: King of Naples."
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Oh Mr. T., do you really think you can
dialog: do it?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: By tomorrow they'll all be flocking to
dialog: me like sheep to be shorn--
text: He stops abruptly when he sees--
text: The Beadle casually strolling through the crowd. Todd is
text: transfixed, his ancient enemy so close.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 27.
scene_heading: 22 CONTINUED: 22
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (seeing the Beadle,
dialog: pulling his arm)
dialog: Come along now, dear, he might
dialog: recognize you--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: I will do what I have vowed to do ...
text: (he continues to glare at
dialog: the Beadle, his voice
dialog: low)
dialog: ... Come closer, my friend, closer...
text: Then, TOBY -- a 13-year-old boy, a bit small for his age,
text: malnourished and consumptively pale -- emerges from Pirelli's
text: caravan. He bangs on a tin drum, drawing customers.
text: A crowd begins to gather at the caravan as:
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen!
dialog: May I have your attention, perlease?
dialog: Do you wake every morning in shame and despair
dialog: To discover your pillow is covered with hair
dialog: Wot ought not to be there?
dialog: Well, ladies and gentlemen,
dialog: From now on you can waken at ease.
dialog: You need never again have a worry or care,
dialog: I will show you a miracle marvelous rare,
dialog: Gentlemen, you are about to see something wot rose
dialog: from the dead!
text: (A woman gasps, he smiles
dialog: and wiggles a finger no)
text: On the top of my head.
text: He dramatically doffs his cap, revealing mountains of hair
text: which cascade to his shoulder.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: 'Twas Pirelli's
dialog: Miracle Elixir,
dialog: That's wot did the trick, sir,
dialog: True, sir, true.
dialog: Was it quick, sir?
dialog: Did it in a tick, sir?
dialog: Just like an elixir
dialog: Ought to do!
dialog: (To a Bald Man)
dialog: How about a bottle, mister?
dialog: Only costs a penny, guaranteed.
dialog: (Pours a drop on the bald
dialog: man's head)
dialog: Does Pirelli's
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 28.
scene_heading: 22 CONTINUED: (2) 22
dialog: Stimulate the growth, sir?
dialog: You can have my oath, sir,
dialog: 'Tis unique.
dialog: (Applies the bald man's
dialog: hand to the wet spot)
dialog: Rub a minute,
dialog: Stimulatin', i'n it?
dialog: Soon you'll have to thin it
dialog: Once a week!
text: More customers are stepping up and buying bottles.
text: Todd opens a bottle of the Elixir, takes a whiff. Disgusting.
text: He smiles to Mrs. Lovett, his plan falling into place.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (loudly, to Mrs. Lovett)
dialog: Pardon me, ma'am, what's that awful stench?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Are we standing near an open trench?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (to a woman in the crowd)
dialog: Must be standing near an open trench!
text: The crowd responds to Todd and Mrs. Lovett, looking askance
text: and sniffing at the bottles. Toby nervously tries to distract
dialog: them:
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Buy Pirelli's Miracle Elixir:
dialog: Anything wot's slick, sir,
text: Soon sprouts curls.
dialog: Try Pirelli's!
dialog: When they see how thick, sir,
dialog: You can have your pick, sir,
dialog: Of the girls!
dialog: Want to buy a bottle, missus?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (sniffing bottle of
speaker_heading: Elixir)
dialog: What is this?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (sniffing another
dialog: customer's bottle)
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: TODD
text: Smells like piss.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 29.
scene_heading: 22 CONTINUED: (3) 22
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Smells like -- phew!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: This is piss. Piss with ink.
text: The music speeds up -- Toby is getting desperate:
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Let Pirelli's
dialog: Activate your roots, sir--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Keep it off your boots, sir--
text: Eats right through.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yes, get Pirelli's!
dialog: Use a bottle of it!
dialog: Ladies seem to love it--
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Flies do too!
text: Suddenly, the curtains on the caravan are dramatically flung
dialog: wide to reveal--
text: PIRELLI, a flamboyant Italian with a velvet suit, thick wavy
text: hair and a dazzling smile. Pirelli poses splendidly for a
dialog: moment. Then:
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: I am Adolfo Pirelli,
dialog: Da king of da barbers, da barber of kings,
dialog: E buon giorno, good day,
dialog: I blow you a kiss!
dialog: (he does so)
dialog: And I, da so-famous Pirelli,
dialog: I wish-a to know-a
dialog: Who has-a da nerve-a to say
dialog: My elixir is piss!
dialog: Who says this?!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: I do.
dialog: (Todd moves forward
dialog: boldly.)
dialog: I am Mr. Sweeney Todd of Fleet Street.
dialog: I have opened a bottle of Pirelli's
dialog: elixir, and I say to you that it is
text: nothing but an arrant fraud, concocted
dialog: from piss and ink.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 30.
scene_heading: 22 CONTINUED: (4) 22
text: The crowd gasps. Pirelli is about to respond, outraged, but
dialog: Todd continues--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: And furthermore -- "signor" -- I have
dialog: serviced no kings, yet I wager I can
dialog: shave a cheek with ten times more
dialog: dexterity that any street mountebank.
text: He snaps open his razor case and holds it up for the crowd to
text: see, turning to display the wondrous razors:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: You see these razors?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (to the crowd)
dialog: The finest in England.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (glaring at Pirelli)
dialog: I lay them against five pounds you are
dialog: no match for me. You hear me, sir?
dialog: Either accept my challenge or reveal
dialog: yourself as a sham.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Bravo, bravo.
text: The crowd is enjoying this now, whispering eagerly about the
text: bold challenge. In the crowd, we see a quick flash of the
dialog: meek TOURIST we saw earlier.
text: Pirelli studies the razors for a moment and then turns to the
text: crowd with a confident smile:
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: You hear zis foolish man? Watch and
dialog: see how he will regret his folly!
text: Music begins as Todd moves into action, preparing the
dialog: challenge:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Friends, who's for a free shave?
text: Two men step forward. A plain wooden chair is brought for
text: Todd as he moves into the boldest part of this plan...
text: He carefully turns to ... The Beadle.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Will Beadle Bamford be the judge?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 31.
scene_heading: 22 CONTINUED: (5) 22
text: Mrs. Lovett's eyes shoot to Todd, alarmed--
text: The Beadle moves toward Todd ....
text: Todd smiles amiably, but quivers internally at being so
text: dreadfully close to his prey...
text: Mrs. Lovett watches, concerned. Will the Beadle recognize the
dialog: features of Benjamin Barker...?
dialog: Apparently not.
text: The Beadle stops right before Todd and smiles.
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: Glad, as always, to oblige my friends
dialog: and neighbors
dialog: (to the crowd)
dialog: ... Let the challenge commence!
text: One man sits in Todd's plain chair as the other moves to an
text: elaborate chair on Pirelli's caravan. Pirelli shakes out a
text: fancy bib with a flourish and covers his man. Toby prepares
text: Pirelli's ornate shaving supplies as Todd takes a plain towel
text: and tucks it around his man's neck.
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: Ready?
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: Ready!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Ready.
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: The fastest, smoothest shave is the
dialog: winner.
text: He blows his shrill whistle. Agitated music begins.
text: Pirelli strops his razor quickly, Todd in a leisurely manner.
text: Pirelli keeps glancing at Todd in various paranoid ways
text: throughout, frightened of Todd's progress. He starts whipping
dialog: up lather rapidly:
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: (while mixing furiously)
dialog: Now, signorini, signori,
dialog: We mix-a da lather
dialog: But first-a you gather
dialog: Around, signorini, signori,
dialog: You looking a man
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 32.
scene_heading: 22 CONTINUED: (6) 22
dialog: Who have had-a da glory
dialog: To shave-a da Pope.
dialog: Mr. Sweeney-so-smart--
dialog: (Splatters the customer
dialog: with shaving cream)
dialog: Oh, I beg-a you pardon -- 'll
dialog: Call me a lie, was-a only a cardinal--
dialog: Nope!
dialog: It was-a da Pope!
text: Unexpectedly, Todd still shows no signs of starting to shave
text: his man. He merely watches Pirelli's performance. Mrs. Lovett
text: looks at him nervously, wishing he would get on with it.
text: Pirelli, now feeling he can take his time, sings lyrically as
text: he lathers and shaves with rhythmic scrapes and elaborate
text: gestures of wiping the razor.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: To shave-a da face,
dialog: To cut-a da hair,
dialog: Require da grace
dialog: Require da flair,
dialog: For if-a you slip,
dialog: You nick da skin,
dialog: You clip-a da chin,
dialog: You rip-a da lip a bit
dialog: Beyond-a repair!
text: Todd strops his razor slowly and deliberately -- shoop,
text: shoop, shoop -- disconcerting Pirelli and drawing the crowd's
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: To shave-a da face
dialog: Or even a part
dialog: Widout it-a smart
dialog: Require da heart.
dialog: Not just-a da flash,
dialog: It take-a panache,
dialog: It take-a da passion
dialog: For da art.
text: Todd is unconcerned. He just continues to slowly strop his
text: razor -- shoop, shoop, shoop -- which flusters Pirelli.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: To shave-a da face,
dialog: To trim-a da beard,
dialog: To make-a da bristle
dialog: Clean like a whistle,
dialog: Dis is from early infancy
dialog: Da talent give to me
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 33.
scene_heading: 22 CONTINUED: (7) 22
dialog: By God!
dialog: (Crosses himself with his
dialog: razor)
dialog: It take-a da skill,
dialog: It take-a da brains,
dialog: It take-a da will
dialog: To take-a da pains,
dialog: It take-a da pace,
dialog: It take-a da graaaaaace...
text: While Pirelli holds this note elaborately, Todd, with a few
text: deft strokes, quickly lathers his man's face, shaves him and
text: signals the Beadle to examine him.
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: (blowing whistle)
text: The winner is Todd.
text: Pirelli deflates.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (feeling the customer's
dialog: cheek)
dialog: Smooth as a baby's arse! -- (to Todd) -
dialog: - Well done, dear!
text: The crowd laughs and applauds Todd as Pirelli goes to him:
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: (a profound bow)
dialog: Sir, I bow to a skill far defter than
dialog: my own.
speaker_heading: TODD
text: The five pounds.
text: Pirelli produces a distinctive chatelaine purse and removes a
text: five pound note, gives it to Todd:
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: Here, sir. And may the good Lord smile
dialog: on you --
dialog: (a quick stab of a smile)
dialog: -- Until we meet again.
text: He bows his head quickly and then moves away, beckoning to
dialog: Toby:
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: Come, boy.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: We're pulling out, sir?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 34.
scene_heading: 22 CONTINUED: (8) 22
text: Without warning, Pirelli SLAPS Toby viciously across the face
dialog: --Toby almost falls--
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: (snarling)
dialog: We're pulling out, yes. Quickly.
text: Mrs. Lovett has observed all of this as she moves away with
text: Todd, who is making his way inexorably toward the Beadle.
text: Some eager customers surround Todd, among them is the
scene_heading: TOURIST.
speaker_heading: EAGER CUSTOMER
dialog: Mr. Todd, sir, do you have an
dialog: establishment of your own?
text: Mrs. Lovett is on him like a hawk:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: He certainly does. Sweeney Todd's
dialog: Tonsorial Parlor -- above my meatpie
text: emporium in Fleet Street.
dialog: Todd has led them right to the Beadle:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: I thank you for your honest
dialog: adjudication, sir. You are a paragon
dialog: of integrity.
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: Well, I try to do my best for my
dialog: friends and neighbors ... Your
dialog: establishment is in Fleet Street, you
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: Then, Mr. Todd, you will surely see me
dialog: there before the week is out.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: You will be welcome, Beadle Bamford,
dialog: and I guarantee to give you, without a
dialog: penny's charge, the closest shave you
dialog: will ever know.
dialog: PAGE 35.
scene_heading: 23 EXT. STREET -- DAY 23
text: Todd and Mrs. Lovett are walking away from the marketplace.
text: She chatters happily:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: ... Like to give me a coronary right
dialog: there! What if he had recognized you!
dialog: Lord, my heart was beating a mile a
dialog: minute, just like a little finch it
dialog: was. Aren't those lovely birds now?
dialog: Always so twittery and happy...
text: She continues chattering...
text: But Todd is not listening.
text: His eyes dart to the side to see--
text: The Gentleman is walking next to him, whispering, subtle,
dialog: insinuating...
speaker_heading: GENTLEMAN
dialog: Sweeney pondered and Sweeney planned.
dialog: Like a perfect machine 'e planned...
text: The Banker moves in next to the Gentleman...
speaker_heading: BANKER
text: Barbing the hook, baiting the trap,
text: Setting it out for the Beadle to snap...
text: The General joins them...
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Slyly courted 'im, Sweeney did,
dialog: Set a sort of a scene 'e did...
scene_heading: GENTLEMAN, BANKER AND GENERAL
text: Laying the trail, showing the traces,
dialog: Letting it lead to higher places...
dialog: Sweeney...
text: The last word echoes ... And then they are gone ...
text: disappearing from Todd's mind ... swallowed up by the crowd
dialog: of pedestrians...
text: Todd looks to Mrs. Lovett and she continues chattering:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 36.
scene_heading: 23 CONTINUED: 23
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: ... Suppose it's just me gentle heart,
dialog: but I do hate to see a boy treated
dialog: like that, no better than your Aunt
dialog: Doreen's dog -- Mr. Todd, are you
dialog: listening to me?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Of course.
text: But then his eyes dart again -- looking for the specters. He
text: only sees strangers.
scene_heading: 24 INT. JOHANNA'S ROOM -- MORNING 24
text: Johanna sits, framed by the window, quietly cutting out
text: silhouettes. Aimless Victorian handicrafts.
text: But we see there are tears in her eyes.
text: She steals a glance across the room. We see a small hole in
text: the wallpaper. Through this hole, the Judge is watching her
text: from another chamber. Lascivious. Perverse.
text: Johanna finally stands and casually glances out from between
text: the shutters at her window. She sees...
text: Anthony, standing at the park across the street, keeping up
text: his lonely vigil, gazing up at the mansion.
text: She watches him for a moment and then makes her decision. She
text: moves to a table and opens a drawer. Reaches in and removes
dialog: something...
scene_heading: 25 EXT. TURPIN'S MANSION -- MORNING 25
text: Anthony sees a figure at the shutters -- then hears a
text: clinking sound. Metal on pavement.
text: He quickly moves across the street and looks...
text: A key, dropped from above.
text: He looks up to the shutters and smiles, then snatches up the
text: key and hurries off.
scene_heading: 26 INT. JOHANNA'S ROOM -- MORNING 26
text: Peering through the shutters, Johanna watches him go.
text: We linger on her face and then dissolve to another face, also
dialog: watching...
dialog: PAGE 37.
scene_heading: 27 INT. BARBER SHOP -- MORNING 27
dialog: ... Her father.
text: Todd's face, staring out the window, intense and brooding.
text: Seething with discontent.
text: Mrs. Lovett chatters as she moves around behind him:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: ... It's not much of a chair, I'll
dialog: grant, but it'll serve. Was me poor
dialog: Albert's chair. Sat in it all day long
text: he did, after his leg give out from
dialog: the gout, poor dear.
text: He moves from the window and paces like a caged tiger in the
text: small barber shop.
text: Though it has been cleaned, it is still a spartan room. A
text: tatty parlor chair. A large chest. A few counters with meager
text: bottles of tonsorial supplies. And his gleaming razors,
dialog: always waiting.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Why doesn't the Beadle come? "Before
dialog: the week is out," that's what he said.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: And who says the week's out? It's only
dialog: Tuesday.
text: Todd moves away from her, she pursues, trying to calm and
dialog: soothe him...
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Easy now.
dialog: Hush, love, hush.
dialog: Don't distress yourself,
dialog: What's your rush?
dialog: Keep your thoughts
dialog: Nice and lush.
dialog: Wait.
dialog: (he continues to pace)
dialog: Hush, love, hush.
dialog: Think it through.
dialog: Once it bubbles,
dialog: Then what's to do?
dialog: Watch it close.
dialog: Let it brew.
dialog: Wait.
text: He does not respond. She dares to move closer...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 38.
speaker_heading: 27 CONTINUED: 27
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: I've been thinking, flowers--
dialog: Maybe daisies--
dialog: To brighten up the room.
dialog: Don't you think some flowers,
dialog: Pretty daisies,
dialog: Might relieve the gloom?
dialog: Ah, wait, love, wait.
text: Todd sourly tosses himself into the chair, he picks up his
text: largest razor and looks at it intensely:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (to razor)
dialog: And the Judge? When will we get to
dialog: him?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Can't you think of nothing else?
dialog: Always broodin' away on yer wrongs
dialog: what happened heaven knows how many
dialog: years ago...
dialog: Don't you know,
dialog: Silly man,
dialog: Half the fun is to
dialog: Plan the plan?
dialog: All good things come to
dialog: Those who can
dialog: Wait.
text: Her gentle words have calmed him considerably. She moves even
text: closer. Risks touching him softly...
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Gillyflowers, maybe,
dialog: `Stead of daisies...
dialog: I don't know, though...
dialog: What do you think?
text: Then Todd tilts the razor in his hand--
text: SUDDENLY -- the face of the GENTLEMAN -- a flash -- reflected
dialog: in the razor--
dialog: Then--
text: A bell rings from outside the shop -- the effect is electric
text: -- Todd bolts up, senses alert -- Mrs. Lovett spins to the
dialog: door--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 39.
scene_heading: 27 CONTINUED: (2) 27
text: Todd holds his razor open as he moves strategically toward
dialog: the door--
text: We hear footsteps ascending the stairs outside quickly--
dialog: Then--
text: Anthony enters, breathless--
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Mr. Todd! Thank God I've found you --
text: (Todd turns, closing the
text: razor, as Anthony sees
dialog: Mrs. Lovett)
dialog: ... Oh, I'm sorry, excuse me...
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Mrs. Lovett, sir.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: A pleasure, ma'am --
dialog: (continues to Todd)
dialog: -- You see, there's a girl who needs
dialog: my help -- such a sad girl, and
dialog: lonely, but beautiful too and--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Slow down, Anthony.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: (takes a breath)
dialog: Yes, I'm sorry ... This girl has a
text: guardian so tyrannical that he keeps
dialog: her locked away. But then this morning
dialog: she dropped this ...
dialog: (produces the key)
dialog: ... It must be a sign that Johanna
dialog: wants me to help her -- that's her
dialog: name, Johanna -- and Turpin that of
dialog: her guardian. A judge of some sort...
text: Todd and Mrs. Lovett exchange a quick glance as Anthony
dialog: continues:
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: ... I've met him, Mr. Todd, and he is -
dialog: - unnatural ... Once he goes to court,
dialog: I'm going to slip into the house and
dialog: release her -- and beg her to come
dialog: away with me. Tonight.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Oh, this is all terribly romantic.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 40.
scene_heading: 27 CONTINUED: (3) 27
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Yes, but -- you see -- I don't know
dialog: anyone in London --
dialog: (to Todd)
dialog: -- and I need somewhere safe to bring
dialog: her till I've hired a coach to take us
dialog: to Plymouth.
text: He looks at Todd deeply:
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: If I could keep her here, just for an
dialog: hour or two, I would forever be in
dialog: your debt.
text: Todd stares at him, his mind racing to figure out how this
text: new twist might aid in his plans.
text: It is Mrs. Lovett who smoothly replies:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Bring her here, dear.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Thank you, ma'am ...
dialog: (to Todd)
dialog: ... Mr. Todd?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: The girl may come.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: (taking his hand)
dialog: Thank you, my friend.
dialog: He goes.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Seems like the fates are favoring you
dialog: at last, Mr. T.
dialog: (Todd grunts, unhappy)
dialog: What is it, love? You'll have her back
text: before the day is out.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: For a few hours? Before he carries her
dialog: off to the other end of England?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 41.
scene_heading: 27 CONTINUED: (4) 27
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Oh, him? Let him bring her here and
dialog: then, since you're so hot for a little
dialog: --
dialog: (makes a throat-cutting
dialog: gesture)
dialog: -- that's the throat to slit, dear.
text: Todd moves again to his post at the window, he stares out,
text: deep in thought.
text: Meanwhile, she happily moves around the shop, straightening
text: things up and trying to make it all a bit more cozy:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Poor little Johanna. All those years
text: without a scrap of motherly affection.
dialog: Well, we'll soon see to that...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (alert, sees something)
dialog: What's this?
text: Mrs. Lovett joins him at the window. Below, they see Pirelli
text: approaching with Toby in tow.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Look at that face, he's up to
dialog: mischief.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Go -- keep the boy below with you.
text: She nods and scurries out. We go with her...
scene_heading: 28 EXT. PIE SHOP -- DAY 28
text: ... Mrs. Lovett quickly moves down the steps outside the
text: barber shop to greet Pirelli and Toby as they are about to
text: ascend.
text: We see a new sign on the stairs: "Sweeney Todd's Tonsorial
dialog: Parlor."
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: Signora, is Mr. Todd at home?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Plying his trade upstairs, don'tcher
dialog: know ...
dialog: (she stands on the
text: staircase, blocking their
dialog: way, looking at Toby)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 42.
scene_heading: 28 CONTINUED: 28
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (cont'd)
dialog: ... Would you look at it, now! Don't
dialog: look like it's had a kind word since
dialog: half past never!
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Ma'am...?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (to Pirelli)
dialog: You wouldn't mind if I gave him a nice
dialog: juicy meat pie, would yer?
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Yes, yes, whatever you like.
text: Pirelli climbs the stairs, as she takes Toby by the hand and
text: leads him toward the pie shop door:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Come with me now. Your teeth is
dialog: strong, I hope?
text: They go into the pie shop.
scene_heading: 29 INT. BARBER SHOP -- DAY 29
text: Todd is standing, arms folded. Waiting. Pirelli enters.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: Mr. Todd.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Signor Pirelli.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: (reverting to his natural
dialog: Irish)
dialog: Call me Danny. Daniel Higgins' the
dialog: name when it's not professional ...
dialog: I'd like me five quid back, if'n ya
dialog: don't mind.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: Because you entered into our little
dialog: wager on false pretenses, me friend
dialog: ... And so you might remember to be
dialog: more forthright in the future, you'll
dialog: be handing over half your profits to
dialog: me, share and share alike...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 43.
scene_heading: 29 CONTINUED: 29
text: Todd shakes his head, amused, and begins to turn away when
dialog: Pirelli says:
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: ... Mr. Benjamin Barker.
text: Todd freezes.
scene_heading: 30 INT. PIE SHOP -- DAY 30
text: Mrs. Lovett hands Toby one of her grisly pies, he devours
dialog: eagerly.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: That's my boy, tuck in.
text: But her attention is almost entirely on the roof above ...
text: the muffled voices .... the sound of shoes walking...
text: Her eyes keep darting up as she chatters distractedly with
dialog: Toby:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Like to see a man with a healthy
dialog: appetite. Reminds me of my dear
dialog: Albert, like to gorge himself to
dialog: bloatation, he did. He didn't have
dialog: your nice full head though--
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: To tell the truth --
text: (he pulls off the wig
dialog: which covers his own
dialog: short-cropped hair)
dialog: -- it gets awful hot.
scene_heading: 31 INT. BARBER SHOP -- DAY 31
text: Pirelli is expansively strolling around the shop, taking it
text: all in, savoring every second:
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: ... yes, this will do very nicely ...
dialog: You don't remember me. Well, why
dialog: should you? I was just a down and out
dialog: Irish pug you hired for a couple of
dialog: weeks -- sweeping up hair and the like
dialog: --
text: (He picks up one of Todd's
dialog: razors)
dialog: But I remember these -- And how could
dialog: I ever forget you, Benjamin Barker?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 44.
scene_heading: 31 CONTINUED: 31
speaker_heading: PIRELLI (cont'd)
dialog: I would sit right there and watch you,
dialog: and dream of the day I could be a
dialog: proper barber meself ... You might say
dialog: you were an inspiration to me.
text: Todd glares at him.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: So, do we have a deal, or should I run
dialog: down the street for me pal Beadle
dialog: Bamford? What do you say to that now,
dialog: Mr. Sweeney T--?
dialog: Without a word of warning--
dialog: Like a thunderbolt--
text: Todd is on him.
text: He leaps across the shop and brutally grabs Pirelli by the
text: neck -- violently strangling him -- Pirelli is surprisingly
text: strong and puts up a desperate struggle -- they thump
dialog: awkwardly around the shop--
scene_heading: 32 INT. PIE SHOP -- DAY 32
text: Mrs. Lovett hears the muffled sounds of the struggle above.
text: She nervously begins to shift and clang some things around as
text: she cleans the counter, trying to cover the sound,
dialog: chattering:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: My my my, always work to be done. Spic-
dialog: and-span, that's my motto. Cleanliness
dialog: is next to whatever-it-is. So, ah, how
dialog: did you end up with that dreadful
dialog: Eyetalian?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (still eating happily)
dialog: Got me from the workhouse 'e did. Been
dialog: there since I was born. Got no mum,
dialog: got nobody. A wasted soul, that's what
dialog: I am --
dialog: (a sudden, urgent thought)
dialog: -- Oh God! He's got an appointment
dialog: with his tailor--
text: He bolts up, clearly terrified of Pirelli--
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: If he's late, he'll blame me--!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 45.
scene_heading: 32 CONTINUED: 32
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Wait--!
dialog: But he is gone--
scene_heading: 33 EXT. PIE SHOP -- DAY 33
text: Toby vaults up the stairs to the barber shop--
scene_heading: 34 INT. BARBER SHOP -- DAY 34
text: Todd is standing calmly when Toby bursts in--
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Signor, you got an appointment...
text: He stops when he realizes Pirelli is nowhere to be seen.
speaker_heading: TODD
text: Signor Pirelli has been called away.
dialog: You better run after him.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Oh no, sir. I better wait for him here
dialog: or it'll be a lashing. He's a great
dialog: one for the lashings.
text: He moves past Todd to the large chest and sits--
text: Only now do we see one of Pirelli's hands protruding from the
text: chest, dangling limply.
text: Toby doesn't notice it. Todd at this moment, however, does.
text: He smiles nervously.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: So, hmmm, Mrs. Lovett gave you a pie,
dialog: did she?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: She's a real lady. Model of all true
dialog: Christian virtue.
text: Then Pirelli's hand ... twitches.
text: Toby doesn't notice. Todd does, stares at it anxiously.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: That she is ... that she is. But if I
dialog: know a growing boy, there's still room
dialog: for some more pie, eh?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 46.
scene_heading: 34 CONTINUED: 34
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'd say, sir -- (pats his stomach) --
text: An aching void.
text: Pirelli's hand begins to twitch more desperately now,
text: perilously close to where Toby's hand rests...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Then why don't you run downstairs and
dialog: wait for your master there? There'll
dialog: be another pie in it for you, I'm
dialog: sure...
text: Pirelli's hand is twitching closer to Toby's now...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: No, I should stay here.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (a sudden inspiration)
dialog: I know -- why don't you tell Mrs.
dialog: Lovett I said to give you a nice big
dialog: tot of gin?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (leaps up)
dialog: Gin, sir?! Thanking you kindly, sir!
dialog: You're a Christian indeed!
text: He races out happily and clatters down the stairs.
text: A beat as Todd gets his breath.
text: Then he goes to the trunk, leans down to open it, the camera
text: follows him down and up again, when he rises--
text: The GENTLEMAN is standing right behind him!
text: Todd turns.
text: The Gentleman's face is completely impassive. He is not
text: spectral. He does not disappear. He just stands there.
text: Todd looks at him.
text: Then the Gentleman's eyes slowly move to a counter...
text: Todd follows his look to see...
text: His largest razor.
text: A long beat as Todd looks at the razor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 47.
scene_heading: 34 CONTINUED: (2) 34
dialog: The point of no return.
text: Todd strides to the razor and he snaps it open with a sharp,
text: quick flick of his wrist--
text: Then he moves to the chest and--
text: With great ferocity he hauls Pirelli up--
text: Pirelli's eyes snap open--
text: And Todd SLASHES his throat--
dialog: The piercing factory whistle SCREAMS--
text: Todd remains standing over Pirelli as the painful whistle
text: echoes into music...
text: We see that the Gentleman is still standing there, watching
dialog: Todd...
speaker_heading: GENTLEMAN
text: His hands were quick, his fingers strong.
dialog: It stung a little but not for long.
text: The dashing Oxford Student is now leaning against a wall,
text: arms folded, looking at Todd...
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: And those who thought him a simple clod
dialog: Were soon reconsidering under the sod...
text: The Tourist stands by the window...
speaker_heading: TOURIST
text: Consigned there with a friendly prod
dialog: From Sweeney Todd,
dialog: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street.
scene_heading: GENTLEMAN, STUDENT AND TOURIST
dialog: See your razor gleam, Sweeney,
dialog: Feel how well it fits
text: As it floats across the throats
dialog: Of hypocrites.
text: The last word echoes to silence as we cut to:
text: A high-angle shot of the room.
text: The ghosts are gone.
text: Todd stands alone over Pirelli's body. Blood dripping from
text: his razor. Drip. Drip. Drip.
dialog: PAGE 48.
scene_heading: 35 INT. OLD BAILEY -- DAY 35
text: Judge Turpin lurks over the proceedings.
text: He sits, the personification of power, very high at the
text: bench. He glares down a wasted wretch of a BOY. The Beadle
text: stands next to the boy.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: This is the second time, sir, that you
dialog: have been brought before this bench.
dialog: Though it is my earnest wish to ever
dialog: temper justice with mercy, your
dialog: persistent dedication to a life of
dialog: crime is an abomination before God and
dialog: man.
text: He places a black cloth on his head:
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I therefore sentence you to hang by
dialog: the neck until you are dead and may
dialog: the Lord have mercy on your soul.
text: The wretched boy collapses in sobs. The Beadle is pleased
dialog: with the verdict.
text: The Judge removes the black cloth and tosses it casually on
dialog: his desk:
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: This court is adjourned.
scene_heading: 36 EXT. -- STREET -- OUTSIDE THE OLD BAILEY -- DAY 36
text: The Judge and the Beadle walk away from the impressive
text: edifices of the Old Bailey.
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: Thank you, your Honor. Just the
dialog: sentence we wanted.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Was he guilty?
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: Well, if he didn't do it, he's surely
dialog: done something to warrant a hanging.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: What man has not?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 49.
speaker_heading: 36 CONTINUED: 36
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: No matter -- Come, walk home with me.
dialog: I have news for you, my friend. In
dialog: order to shield her from the evils of
dialog: this world, I have decided to marry my
dialog: dear Johanna.
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: Ah, sir, happy news indeed.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Strange, though, when I offered myself
dialog: to her she showed a certain ...
dialog: reluctance.
text: The Beadle proceeds with exquisite and obsequious delicacy:
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: Excuse me, my lord,
dialog: May I request, my lord,
dialog: Permission, my lord, to speak?
dialog: Forgive me if I suggest, my lord,
dialog: You're looking less than your best, my lord,
dialog: There's powder upon your vest, my lord.
dialog: And stubble upon your cheek,
dialog: And ladies, my lord, are weak.
text: As they round a corner, the Judge feels his chin:
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Stubble, you say? Perhaps at times I
dialog: am a little overhasty with my morning
dialog: ablutions...
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: (cheerily)
dialog: Fret not though, my lord,
dialog: I know a place, my lord,
dialog: A barber, my lord, of skill.
dialog: Thus armed with a shaven face, my lord,
dialog: Some eau de cologne to brace my lord
dialog: And musk to enhance the chase, my lord,
dialog: You'll dazzle the girl until
dialog: She bows to your every will.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: A barber, eh? Take me to him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 50.
speaker_heading: 36 CONTINUED: (2) 36
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: I am honored, my lord. His name is
dialog: Todd ... Sweeney Todd. And he is the
dialog: very last word in barberin'.
text: They head off.
scene_heading: 37 INT. PIE SHOP -- DAY 37
text: Mrs. Lovett is pouring Toby a glass of gin, not his first.
text: He gulps down the gin between ravenous bites of another meat
text: pie as she nervously glances up to the ceiling, wondering
dialog: what the hell is going on up there.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: You ought to slow down a bit, lad.
dialog: It'll go to your head.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Weaned on the stuff, I was. They used
dialog: to give it to us at the workhouse,
dialog: so's we could sleep. Not that you'd
dialog: ever want to sleep in that place,
dialog: ma'am. Not with the things wot happen
text: in the dark.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: That's nice, dear ... I think I'll
text: just pop in on Mr. Todd for a tick.
dialog: You'll be all right here?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Leave the bottle.
dialog: She goes.
scene_heading: 38 INT. BARBER SHOP -- DAY 38
text: Mrs. Lovett enters. Todd is methodically cleaning his razor.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Gawd, the lad is drinking me out of
dialog: house and home, how long until Pirelli
dialog: gets back?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: He won't be back.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (instantly suspicious)
dialog: Mr. T., you didn't!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 51.
speaker_heading: 38 CONTINUED: 38
text: He casually points the razor toward the chest.
text: She lifts the lid and sees Pirelli's body at the bottom of
text: the chest.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (spinning on Todd)
dialog: You're barking mad! Killing a man wot
dialog: done you no harm!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: He recognized me from the old days. He
dialog: tried to blackmail me -- half my
dialog: earnings.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Oh well, that's a different matter!
dialog: For a moment there I thought you'd
dialog: lost your marbles!
text: She looks into the chest again.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Ooooh! All that blood! Enough to make
dialog: you come all over gooseflesh, ain't
dialog: it? Poor bugger. Oh, well.
text: She starts to close the chest, then has an idea.
text: She reaches in and rummages around the body. Pulls out
text: Pirelli's chatelaine purse, then drops the lid of the chest.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (looking through purse)
dialog: Three quid! Well, waste not, want not,
dialog: I always say...
text: (she tucks the purse into
dialog: her dress)
dialog: ... Now what are we going to do about
dialog: the boy?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Send him up.
text: She stops, looks at him.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Oh, we don't need to worry about him,
dialog: he's a simple thing. I'll pawn him off
dialog: with some story.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 52.
scene_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (2) 38
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (cold)
dialog: Send him up, woman.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Now, Mr. T., surely one's enough for
dialog: today. Don't want to indulge yourself,
dialog: after all ...
text: (she busily starts to
dialog: straighten up the room)
dialog: ... 'Sides, I was thinking about
dialog: hiring a lad to help around the shop,
dialog: me poor knees not being what they used
dialog: to be.
text: Todd sighs and moves to his familiar post at the window:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Anything you say.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: 'Course we'll have to stock up on the
text: gin, the boy drinks like a Barbary
dialog: sailor--
text: Todd suddenly gasps -- a great, shocking intake of breath as
text: his whole body tenses like iron--
text: Mrs. Lovett spins to him--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: The Judge.
text: Mrs. Lovett hurries to the window--
text: Below, they can see the Judge and the Beadle approaching.
text: They see them exchanging a few words and then the Beadle
text: moves off as the Judge approaches the shop--
text: Todd whispers, his eyes blazing:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Justice ... Justice.
text: Mrs. Lovett gives him a quick kiss and then very quickly
text: leaves. A beat as Todd prepares himself.
text: He turns from the window and looks around the shop, shifting
text: nervously. Now that his great moment of revenge is at hand,
text: he doesn't quite know what to do with himself.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 53.
scene_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (3) 38
text: He snatches up his large razor, coils by the door, ready to
text: attack. No. He wants to savor this. He quickly moves and puts
text: the razor down.
text: Finally he just stands. All his demons settling into a
text: bizarre sort of calm.
text: He hears the Judge's footsteps approaching on the stairs.
text: Then the Judge enters.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Mr. Todd?
text: Todd slowly turns:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: At your service ... An honor to
dialog: receive your patronage, my lord.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: You know me, sir?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (a polite bow)
dialog: Who in this wide world is not familiar
dialog: with the honored Judge Turpin?
text: The Judge grunts and glances around the shop:
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: These premises are hardly
text: prepossessing and yet the Beadle tells
dialog: me you are the most accomplished of
text: all the barbers in the city.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: That is gracious of him, sir ...
dialog: (indicates for the Judge
dialog: to sit)
dialog: ... Sit, if you please, sir. Sit.
text: The Judge settles into the parlor chair as music begins...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: And what may I do for you today, sir?
dialog: A stylish trimming of the hair? A
dialog: soothing skin massage?
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: You see, sir, a man infatuate with love,
text: Her ardent and eager slave.
dialog: So fetch the pomade and pumice stone
dialog: And lend me a more seductive tone,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 54.
scene_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (4) 38
text: A sprinkling perhaps of French cologne,
dialog: But first, sir, I think -- a shave.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: The closest I ever gave.
text: He whips a sheet over the Judge, then tucks the bib in. The
text: Judge hums, flicking imaginary dust off the sheet; Todd
text: whistles gaily.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: You're in a merry mood today, Mr.
dialog: Todd.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (mixing lather)
dialog: 'Tis your delight, sir, catching fire
text: From one man to the next.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: 'Tis true, sir, love can still inspire
text: The blood to pound, the heart leap higher.
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: What more, what more can man require--
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Than love, sir?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: More than love, sir.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: What, sir?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Women.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Ah yes, women.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Pretty women.
text: The Judge hums jauntily, Todd whistles and starts stropping
text: his razor rhythmically. He then lathers the Judge's face.
text: Still whistling, Todd stands back to survey the Judge, who is
text: now totally relaxed, eyes closed.
text: Todd goes to his razor and picks it up, sings to it gently:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 55.
scene_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (5) 38
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Now then, my friend.
dialog: Now to your purpose.
dialog: Patience, enjoy it.
text: Revenge can't be taken in haste.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (opening his eyes)
dialog: Make haste, and if we wed,
dialog: You'll be commended, sir.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: My lord...
dialog: (Goes to him)
dialog: And who, may it be said,
dialog: Is your intended, sir?
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: My ward.
text: A shocked tremor through Todd -- as the Judge closes his eyes
text: again and settles in comfortably...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
text: And pretty as a rosebud.
text: The music rises...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Pretty as her mother?
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (mildly puzzled)
dialog: What? What was that?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Oh, nothing, sir. Nothing. May we
dialog: proceed?
text: The music builds as he steps behind the Judge-- his razor
dialog: ready -- we are sure the great moment has come -- the music
text: still builds -- Todd finally puts the razor at the Judge's
dialog: throat--
dialog: Then--
text: With an easy flick of his wrist, he just begins to shave the
dialog: Judge, as:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Pretty women...
dialog: Fascinating...
dialog: Sipping coffee, Dancing...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 56.
scene_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (6) 38
dialog: Pretty women
dialog: Are a wonder.
dialog: Pretty women.
text: Sitting in the window or
text: Standing on the stair,
dialog: Something in them
text: Cheers the air.
dialog: Pretty women...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Silhouetted...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Stay within you...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Glancing...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Stay forever...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
text: Breathing lightly...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Pretty women...
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: Pretty women!
text: Blowing out their candles or
text: Combing out their hair...
dialog: They sing simultaneously:
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Then they leave...
dialog: Even when they leave you
dialog: And vanish, they somehow
dialog: Can still remain
dialog: There with you,
dialog: There with you.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Even when they leave,
dialog: They still
dialog: Are there.
dialog: They're there.
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: Ah,
dialog: Pretty women...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 57.
scene_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (7) 38
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: At their mirrors...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: In their gardens...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Letter-writing...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Flower-picking...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Weather-watching...
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: How they make a man sing!
dialog: Proof of heaven
dialog: As you're living--
dialog: Pretty women, sir!
text: The music approaches a feverish crescendo as Todd prepares to
text: finally kill the Judge and they sing simultaneously:
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Pretty women, yes!
dialog: Pretty women, sir!
dialog: Pretty women!
dialog: Pretty women, sir!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Pretty women, here's to
dialog: Pretty women, all the
dialog: Pretty women--
text: Just as the music reaches a climax, Todd raises his arm in a
text: huge arc and is about to slash the Judge's throat when--
dialog: Suddenly--
dialog: Anthony bursts in--
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Mr. Todd! I've seen Johanna! She said
dialog: she'll leave with me tonight--!
text: The Judge jumps up, away from Todd--
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: You! -- There is indeed a higher power
dialog: to warn me thus in time--
text: He tears off the sheet as he advances savagely on Anthony:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 58.
scene_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (8) 38
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Johanna elope with you? Deceiving
dialog: slut! -- I'll lock her up in some
dialog: obscure retreat where neither you nor
dialog: any other vile creature shall ever lay
dialog: eyes on her again--!
text: He spins with venom to Todd:
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: And as for you, barber, it is all too
dialog: clear what company you keep. Service
dialog: them well and hold their custom -- for
dialog: you'll have none of mine.
text: He strides out.
text: Todd stands, frozen.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Mr. Todd -- you have to help me --
dialog: I've talked to Johanna and--!
text: Todd suddenly turns on him with a ferocious ROAR:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: OUT! OUT, I SAY!
text: Utterly stunned at his friend's ferocity, Anthony backs away,
text: leaves the shop.
text: Music begins, very agitated, as Todd stands motionless.
text: In shock.
text: His mind cracking apart.
text: Mrs. Lovett hurries in:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: All this shouting and running about,
dialog: what's happened--?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: I had him -- and then--
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: The sailor busted in, I know, I saw
text: them both running down the street and
dialog: I said--
text: Todd interrupts wildly:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 59.
scene_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (9) 38
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: I had him!
text: His throat was bare
dialog: Beneath my hand--!
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: There, there, dear. Don't fret--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (spins on her violently)
dialog: No, I had him!
dialog: His throat was there,
dialog: And he'll never come again!
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Easy now.
dialog: Hush, love, hush.
dialog: I keep telling you--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: When?!
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: What's your rush?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Why did I wait?
dialog: You told me to wait!
dialog: Now he'll never come again...
text: The music becomes ferocious as Todd's wrenching insanity,
text: always close to the surface, finally explodes:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: There's a hole in the world
dialog: Like a great black pit
dialog: And it's filled with people
dialog: Who are filled with shit
dialog: And the vermin of the world
dialog: Inhabit it--
dialog: But not for long!
text: He suddenly looks to Mrs. Lovett -- she starts back --
text: alarmed by the pure madness in his eyes--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: They all deserve to die!
dialog: Tell you why, Mrs. Lovett,
dialog: Tell you why:
dialog: Because in all of the whole human race, Mrs. Lovett
text: There are two kinds of men and only two.
dialog: There's the one staying put
dialog: In his proper place
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 60.
scene_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (10) 38
dialog: And the one with his foot
text: In the other one's face--
dialog: Look at me, Mrs. Lovett,
dialog: Look at you--
text: He suddenly lurches and grabs Mrs. Lovett tightly--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: No, we all deserve to die!
dialog: Even you, Mrs. Lovett,
dialog: Even I.
dialog: Because the lives of the wicked should be--
text: (slashes at the air
dialog: violently)
dialog: Made brief.
dialog: For the rest of us, death
dialog: Will be a relief--
dialog: We all deserve to die!
text: He clutches her to him very tightly as he suddenly keens, a
text: howl of pure agony:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: And I'll never see Johanna,
dialog: No, I'll never hug my girl to me--
text: He hurls Mrs. Lovett away from him--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Finished!
dialog: We suddenly slash to--
scene_heading: 39 EXT. STREET -- DAY 39
text: --In Todd's mind.
text: We are moving with him as he stalks relentlessly, holding his
text: razor, striding down a busy street like a tiger.
text: The many pedestrians he passes don't even notice him. He is
text: invisible to them, a wolf among the sheep, as he beckons--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: All right! You, sir,
dialog: How about a shave?
dialog: Come and visit
dialog: Your good friend, Sweeney--!
text: PAGE 61.
scene_heading: 40 EXT. ANOTHER STREET -- DAY 40
text: Todd continues to stride, beckoning to another man:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: You, sir, too, sir--
dialog: Welcome to the grave!
dialog: I will have vengeance,
dialog: I will have salvation!
scene_heading: 41 EXT. ANOTHER STREET -- DAY 41
text: Todd continues to stride, beckoning to another man:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Who, sir? You, sir?
dialog: No one's in the chair--
dialog: Come on, come on,
dialog: Sweeney's waiting!
dialog: I want you bleeders!
scene_heading: 42 EXT. ANOTHER STREET -- DAY 42
text: Todd continues to stride, beckoning to another man:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: You, sir -- anybody!
dialog: Gentlemen, now don't be shy!
dialog: Not one man, no,
dialog: Nor ten men,
dialog: Nor a hundred
dialog: Can assuage me--
dialog: I will have you!
scene_heading: 43 EXT. ANOTHER STREET -- DAY 43
text: Todd continues to prowl...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: And I will get him back
text: Even as he gloats.
dialog: In the meantime I'll practice
dialog: On less honorable throats--
scene_heading: 44 EXT. ANOTHER STREET -- DAY 44
text: Todd suddenly falls to his knees, keening in anguish--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: And my Lucy lies in ashes
dialog: And I'll never see my girl again,
dialog: But the work waits, I'm alive at last
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 62.
speaker_heading: 44 CONTINUED: 44
dialog: (a final exalted cry)
dialog: And I'm full of JOOOOOOY!!
text: He raises his razor high on the soaring last note as we pull
text: back ... our view is suddenly obscured by a strange, frenzied
text: fluttering of black wings ... We continue to pull back ... We
text: discover the black wings are pigeons, thousands of them,
text: flying up in a great cloud...
text: We continue to pull back to finally discover that Todd is
text: kneeling in the heart of a church square...
text: Empty but for him.
text: As his cry ends we slash back to--
scene_heading: 45 INT. BARBER SHOP -- DAY 45
text: -- Todd is kneeling, sweat pouring through his clothes,
text: panting for air.
text: Mrs. Lovett stands, looking down at him intently.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: That's all very well, but what are we
dialog: going to do about --
dialog: (kicks the chest)
dialog: -- the dear departed?
text: Todd remains kneeling, motionless. She goes to him, firm:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Listen! Do you hear me? Get a hold of
dialog: yourself!
text: She slaps his cheek -- he looks up at her, barely seeing her.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Oh, you great useless thing, come on--
text: She hauls him up and drags him out...
scene_heading: 46 INT. PIE SHOP -- DAY 46
text: She pulls him in.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Sit down.
text: He thumps down, still in his own dark world.
text: She quickly glances around for Toby and then goes into her
dialog: parlor...
dialog: PAGE 63.
scene_heading: 47 INT. PARLOR -- DAY 47
text: She discovers Toby is asleep on the sofa before the fire.
text: She quickly snatches up a bottle of gin from the sideboard
text: and returns to the pie shop...
scene_heading: 48 INT. PIE SHOP DAY 48
text: She pours Todd a tumbler of gin, hands it to him:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: There, drink it down -- all the way --
dialog: that's right ...
dialog: (he does so)
dialog: ... Now, we got a body molderin' away
dialog: upstairs, what do you intend we should
dialog: do about that?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Later on, when it's dark, we'll take
text: him to some secret place and bury him.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Well, yes, of course, we could do
dialog: that. I don't suppose he's got any
dialog: relatives going to come poking around
dialog: looking for him...
text: A chord of music. A beat. An idea. He looks at her
text: uncomprehendingly.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Well, you know me, sometimes bright
text: ideas just pop right into my head, and
dialog: I keep thinking...
dialog: Seems a downright shame...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Shame?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Seems an awful waste...
dialog: Such a nice plump frame
dialog: Wot's-his-name
dialog: Has...
dialog: Had...
dialog: Has...
dialog: Nor it can't be traced.
dialog: Business needs a lift--
dialog: Debts to be erased--
dialog: Think of it as thrift,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 64.
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: 48
dialog: As a gift...
dialog: If you get my drift...
dialog: (Todd has no idea what she
dialog: is talking about)
dialog: No?
dialog: (She sighs)
dialog: Seems an awful waste.
dialog: I mean,
dialog: With the price of meat what it is,
dialog: When you get it,
dialog: If you get it--
text: Todd suddenly understands:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Ah!
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Good, you got it.
dialog: (She warms to the idea)
dialog: Take, for instance,
text: Mrs. Mooney and her pie shop.
dialog: Business never better, using only
text: Pussycats and toast.
dialog: And a pussy's good for maybe six or
text: Seven at the most.
dialog: And I'm sure they can't compare
dialog: As far as taste--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Mrs. Lovett,
dialog: What a charming notion,
text: The music builds as they sing simultaneously:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Eminently practical and yet
dialog: Appropriate as always.
dialog: Mrs. Lovett, how I've lived without you
dialog: All these years I'll never know!
dialog: How delectable!
text: Also undetectable.
dialog: How choice!
dialog: How rare!
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Well, it does seem a
dialog: Waste...
dialog: It's an idea...
dialog: Think about it...
dialog: Lots of other gentlemen'll
dialog: Soon be coming for a shave,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 65.
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (2) 48
dialog: Won't they?
dialog: Think of
dialog: All them
dialog: Pies!
text: A triumphant waltz theme begins:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: For what's the sound of the world out there?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: What, Mr. Todd,
dialog: What, Mr. Todd,
dialog: What is that sound?
speaker_heading: TODD
text: Those crunching noises pervading the air?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Yes, Mr. Todd,
dialog: Yes, Mr. Todd,
dialog: Yes, all around--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: It's man devouring man, my dear,
dialog: They sing simultaneously:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: And who are we
dialog: To deny it in here?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Then who are we
dialog: To deny it in here?
dialog: Music continues under:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Ah, these are desperate times, Mrs.
dialog: Lovett, and desperate measures are
dialog: called for.
text: She goes to the counter and comes back with an imaginary pie:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Here we are now, hot out of the
dialog: oven...
text: She holds the imaginary pie out to him with a sly and wicked
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 66.
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (3) 48
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: What is that?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: It's priest.
dialog: Have a little priest.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Is it really good?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Sir, it's too good,
dialog: At least.
dialog: Then again, they don't commit sins of the flesh,
dialog: So it's pretty fresh.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (looking at it)
dialog: Awful lot of fat.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Only where it sat.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Haven't you got poet
dialog: Or something like that?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: No, you see the trouble with poet
dialog: Is, how do you know it's
dialog: Deceased?
dialog: Try the priest.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: ("tasting" it)
dialog: Mmm. Heavenly.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Not as hearty as bishop, perhaps, but
text: not as bland as curate, either.
text: Mrs. Lovett presents another imaginary pie:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Lawyer's rather nice.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: If it's for a price.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 67.
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (4) 48
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Order something else, though, to follow,
dialog: Since no one should swallow
dialog: It twice.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Anything that's lean.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Well, then, if you're British and loyal,
dialog: You might enjoy Royal
dialog: Marine.
dialog: Anyway, it's clean.
dialog: Though, of course, it tastes of wherever it's been.
speaker_heading: TODD
text: (looking past her to
dialog: imaginary oven)
dialog: Is that squire
dialog: On the fire?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Mercy no, sir,
dialog: Look closer,
dialog: You'll notice it's grocer.
speaker_heading: TODD
text: Looks thicker.
dialog: More like vicar.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: No, it has to be grocer -- it's green.
text: Todd laughs as the glorious waltz theme returns:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: The history of the world, my love--
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Save a lot of graves,
dialog: Do a lot of relatives favors...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: --Is those below serving those up above.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Everybody shaves,
dialog: So there should be plenty of flavors...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: How gratifying for once to know--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 68.
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (5) 48
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: (indicating barber shop
dialog: above)
dialog: --That those above will serve those down below!
dialog: The music continues under:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Since marine doesn't appeal to you,
dialog: how about rear admiral?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Too salty. I prefer general.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: With or without his privates? --
dialog: "With" is extra.
text: Todd chortles as Mrs. Lovett offers another pie with a
dialog: particular, flamboyant panache:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: What is that?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: It's fop.
text: Finest in the shop.
dialog: Or we have some shepherd's pie peppered
dialog: With actual shepherd
text: On top.
dialog: And I've just begun.
dialog: Here's a politician -- so oily
dialog: It's served with a doily--
dialog: Have one?
speaker_heading: TODD
text: Put it on a bun.
text: (She looks at him
dialog: quizzically)
dialog: Well, you never know if it's going to run.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Try the friar.
text: Fried, it's drier.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: No, the clergy is really
dialog: Too coarse and too mealy.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Then actor--
dialog: That's compacter.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 69.
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (6) 48
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Yes, and always arrives overdone.
text: (he is suddenly dark and
dialog: purposeful)
dialog: I'll come again when you
dialog: Have Judge on the menu...
text: The music vamps deliciously as:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: True, we don't have Judge -- yet --
dialog: but would you settle for the next best
dialog: thing?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: What's that?
text: She offers him a butcher's cleaver:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Executioner.
text: He takes the cleaver, feels the heft of it. Feels good.
text: Then he picks up her wooden rolling pin, hands it to her, as
text: the music builds into the triumphant waltz:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Have charity towards the world, my pet--
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Yes, yes, I know, my love--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: We'll take the customers that we can get.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: High-born and low, my love.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: We'll not discriminate great from small.
dialog: No, we'll serve anyone--
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: We'll serve anyone--
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: And to anyone
dialog: At all!
text: The music builds to a climax as they joyously brandish their
dialog: "weapons. "
dialog: PAGE 70.
scene_heading: 49 INT. JOHANNA'S ROOM -- EVENING 49
text: Small, white hands ... removing some clothes from a drawer
text: ... putting them into a portmanteau ... locking the case...
text: Johanna, wearing traveling clothes, is packing to leave when
text: a voice surprises her:
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: So it's true.
text: She turns. The Judge stands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: JOHANNA
text: Sir ... A gentlemen knocks before
text: entering a lady's room.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Indeed he does ... But I see no lady.
text: He enters, dangerously quiet. And terrifically hurt.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I told myself the sailor was lying ...
dialog: I told myself this was a cruel fiction
dialog: ... That my Johanna would never betray
dialog: me. Never hurt me so.
text: He moves toward her. She stands her ground.
speaker_heading: JOHANNA
dialog: Sir ... I will leave this place.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I think that only appropriate. Since
dialog: you no longer find my company to your
dialog: liking, madam, we shall provide you
text: with new lodgings.
text: He stands very close to her. Still she holds her ground.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Until this moment I have spared the
dialog: rod ... And the ungrateful child has
dialog: broken my heart. Now you will learn
dialog: discipline...
text: The large form of the Beadle fills the doorway. She glances
text: to him, disquieted.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 71.
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED: 49
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: When you have learned to appreciate
dialog: what you have, perhaps we shall meet
dialog: again. Until then ... Think on your
dialog: sins.
text: He nods to the Beadle -- the Beadle surges forward and grabs
dialog: Johanna brutally--
text: She screams and fights like a tiger -- to no avail--
text: The Beadle covers her mouth with one of his huge hands and
dialog: hauls her out--
scene_heading: 50 EXT. TURPIN'S MANSION -- EVENING 50
text: Anthony is racing toward the front of mansion when he sees--
text: A hansom cab is just pulling away -- Johanna's terrified face
text: looking at him through the window--
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
speaker_heading: JOHANNA!
text: Anthony sees the Beadle pulling her away from the window as
text: the carriage clatters off--
text: Judge Turpin stands on the steps of the mansion -- Anthony
text: goes to him in a murderous rage:
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Where are you taking her?! Tell me or
dialog: I swear by God--!
text: The Judge spins and roars -- a hellish howl that echoes--
speaker_heading: JUDGE
text: WOULD YOU KILL ME, BOY?! HERE I STAND!
text: Anthony's eyes burn into the Judge -- but he is no killer.
text: He turns and races after the hansom cab. It rounds a corner
text: and is gone.
text: The Judge watches as Anthony pursues the cab, disappearing
text: around the corner.
dialog: And we fade to...
scene_heading: 51 EXT. FLEET STREET -- DAY 51
text: ...The face of the Beggar Woman.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 72.
speaker_heading: 51 CONTINUED: 51
text: She sits, crouched on her haunches, peering up from under her
text: few greasy locks of hair.
text: She is watching something intently. A few pedestrians move
text: quickly down the sidewalk past her, excited. They chatter
text: back and forth eagerly...
text: The Beggar Woman uncoils and follows...
text: And we finally see what the Beggar Woman has been watching so
dialog: intently...
scene_heading: 52 EXT. PIE SHOP -- DAY 52
text: Mrs. Lovett's wretched establishment has been transformed!
text: She has created a modest outdoor eating garden with tables,
text: surrounded by glowing Chinese lanterns. A fresh coat of
text: paint, a few bushes in pots and birds in cages add to the
dialog: feeling of upward mobility.
text: A new sign hangs proudly over the entrance to the pie shop:
text: "MRS. LOVETT'S WORLD FAMOUS MEAT PIES!" And then in smaller
text: letters: "LIKE MOTHER USED TO MAKE."
text: The eating garden is already crowded, the benches at the
text: tables are filled and other customers stand and mill about.
text: All eating, eating, eating...
dialog: ...The most delicious looking meat pies you could ever
text: imagine. Crispy crust. Thick, luxurious gravy. Tart and tangy
dialog: meat.
text: The customers take great, hungry mouthfuls; the steaming
text: gravy oozing down greedy faces.
dialog: Chomp. Chomp. Chomp.
text: The Beggar Women stands across the street, ravenously hungry.
text: She finally gets the nerve to approach when--
text: Toby -- wearing a spiffy new outfit with apron -- bursts from
text: the shop and circulates through the customers:
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen,
dialog: May I have your attention, perlease?
dialog: Are your nostrils aquiver and tingling as well
text: At that delicate, luscious ambrosial smell?
dialog: Yes they are, I can tell...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 73.
speaker_heading: 52 CONTINUED: 52
text: He moves through the greedily eating customers in the outdoor
text: garden and toward the street as:
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Well, ladies and gentlemen,
dialog: That aroma enriching the breeze
dialog: Is like nothing compared to its succulent source,
dialog: As the gourmets among you will tell you, of course.
text: He arrives at the street and drums up some more business:
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen,
dialog: You can't imagine the rapture in store--
dialog: (Indicating the pie shop)
dialog: Just inside of this door!
dialog: There you'll sample
dialog: Mrs. Lovett's meat pies,
dialog: Savory and sweet pies,
dialog: As you'll see.
dialog: You who eat pies,
dialog: Mrs. Lovett's meat pies
dialog: Conjure up the treat pies
dialog: Used to be!
text: Just then Mrs. Lovett sweeps from the pie shop with a tray of
text: hot, steaming pies.
text: Like her shop, she has been transformed as well. She wears
text: her somewhat gauche notion of a "fancy dress." Buckets of
text: decolletage. And her hair has been dyed a rather unique
dialog: aubergine color.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Toby!
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Coming!
dialog: (pushing past a customer)
dialog: 'Scuse me...
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (indicating a beckoning
dialog: customer)
dialog: Ale there!
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Right, mum!
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Quick, now!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 74.
speaker_heading: 52 CONTINUED: (2) 52
text: The customers suddenly exclaim their joy through awkward
text: mouthfuls of pie:
speaker_heading: CUSTOMERS
dialog: God, that's good!
text: Toby scurries inside to get a jug of ale, whisks back out and
text: starts filling tankards as Mrs. Lovett circulates grandly.
text: She is a bundle of activity -- serving pies, collecting
text: money, giving orders, addressing the patrons individually and
dialog: with equal buoyant insincerity:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Nice to see you, dearie...
dialog: How have you been keeping?...
dialog: Cor, me bones is weary!
dialog: Toby--!
dialog: (Indicating a Customer)
dialog: One for the gentleman...
text: Hear the birdies cheeping--
dialog: Helps to keep it cheery...
text: She spots the Beggar Woman approaching and responds with
dialog: unusual ferocity:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Toby!
dialog: Throw the old woman out!
speaker_heading: CUSTOMERS
dialog: God, that's good!
text: Toby shoos the Beggar Woman away, but she soon comes skulking
dialog: back.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (continuing to customers)
dialog: What's your pleasure, dearie?...
dialog: No, we don't cut slices...
dialog: Cor, me eyes are bleary!...
text: (As Toby is about to pour
dialog: for a drunken customer)
dialog: Toby!
dialog: None for the gentleman!...
dialog: I could up me prices--
dialog: I'm a little leery...
dialog: Business
dialog: Couldn't be better, though--
speaker_heading: CUSTOMERS
dialog: God, that's good!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 75.
speaker_heading: 52 CONTINUED: (3) 52
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
text: Knock on wood.
dialog: She does.
scene_heading: 53 INT. BARBER SHOP -- DAY 53
text: Music continues as Todd works busily. Sawing, drilling,
text: screwing, hammering. Doing something we cannot see to his
text: barber chair. Making adjustments, tinkering, building,
text: feverish. Happy.
scene_heading: 54 EXT. PIE SHOP -- DAY 54
text: Mrs. Lovett continues to circulate:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: What's your pleasure, dearie?
dialog: (Spilling ale)
dialog: Oops! I beg your pardon!
dialog: Just me hands is smeary--
dialog: (Spotting a freeloader
text: trying to sneak out
dialog: without paying)
dialog: Toby!
dialog: Run for the gentleman!
text: Toby catches him, collects the money, as Mrs. Lovett turns to
dialog: another customer:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Don't you love a garden?
dialog: Always makes me teary...
dialog: (Looking back at the
dialog: freeloader)
dialog: Must be one them foreigners--
speaker_heading: CUSTOMERS
dialog: God, that's good that is delicious!
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: What's my secret?
dialog: (To a woman)
dialog: Frankly, dear -- forgive my candor--
dialog: Family secret,
dialog: All to do with herbs.
dialog: Things like being
dialog: Careful with your coriander,
dialog: That's what makes the gravy grander--!
text: The customers are getting more rabid now -- stuffing in the
text: gorgeous meat pies in great fistfuls--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 76.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: 54
speaker_heading: CUSTOMERS
dialog: More hot pies!
dialog: More hot!
dialog: More pies!
scene_heading: 55 INT. BARBER SHOP -- DAY 55
text: Music continues as Todd makes the final adjustments to his
text: chair. He stands back. Seems delighted with the results of
text: his tinkering. The ratty old parlor chair has been
text: transformed into a sleek, Victorian barber chair -- with
dialog: unique refinements.
text: He leaves the barber shop...
scene_heading: 56 EXT. PIE SHOP -- DAY 56
text: Todd stands at the top of the stairs, watching the street
text: hungrily. As, below, Mrs. Lovett smiles to another customer:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Incidentally, dearie,
dialog: You know Mrs. Mooney.
dialog: Sales've been so dreary--
dialog: (She spots the Beggar
dialog: Woman again)
dialog: Toby!
dialog: (Continuing to the
dialog: customer, about Mrs.
dialog: Mooney)
dialog: --Poor thing is penniless.
dialog: (Indicating Beggar Woman
dialog: to Toby)
dialog: What about that loony?
dialog: (To the customer as Toby
dialog: shoos the Beggar Woman
dialog: away again)
dialog: Lookin' sort of beery--
dialog: Oh, well, got her comeuppance--
dialog: (Hawklike, to a rising
dialog: customer)
dialog: And that'll be thruppence -- and
speaker_heading: CUSTOMERS
dialog: God that's good that is de have you
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: So she should.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMERS
dialog: Licious ever tasted smell such
dialog: Oh my God what more that's pies good!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 77.
speaker_heading: 56 CONTINUED: 56
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT AND TOBY
dialog: Eat them slow and
dialog: Feel the crust, how thin I (she) rolled it!
dialog: Eat them slow, 'cos
dialog: Every one's a prize!
dialog: Eat them slow, 'cos
dialog: That's the lot and now we've sold it!
text: She hangs up a "Sold Out" sign.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT AND TOBY
dialog: Come again tomorrow--!
text: She spots a man in need of a shave approaching:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Hold it--
speaker_heading: CUSTOMERS
dialog: More hot pies!
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Bless my eyes--!
text: She sees the man going up to the barber shop. Todd is still
text: standing at the top of the stairs. He smiles secretly to Mrs.
text: Lovett as he ushers the man in.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Fresh supplies!
text: The man goes into the barber shop as she happily takes down
text: the "Sold Out" sign and turns again to the customers:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: How about it, dearie?
dialog: (expecting more pies)
dialog: Be here in a twinkling!
dialog: Just confirms me theory--
dialog: Toby--!
dialog: God watches over us.
dialog: Didn't have an inkling...
dialog: Positively eerie...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (simultaneous with above)
dialog: Is that a pie
dialog: Fit for a king,
dialog: A wondrous sweet
dialog: And most delectable
dialog: Thing?
dialog: You see, ma'am, why
dialog: There is no meat pie--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 78.
speaker_heading: 56 CONTINUED: (2) 56
speaker_heading: CUSTOMERS
dialog: (simultaneous with above)
dialog: Yum!
dialog: Yum!
dialog: Yum!
dialog: Yum! Yum!
dialog: Yum!
text: Mrs. Lovett then spots the Beggar Woman approaching again,
text: she spins to Toby with truly shocking viciousness:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Toby!
dialog: Throw the old woman out!
text: Mrs. Lovett watches intently as Toby leads the Beggar Woman
dialog: away.
text: The Customers, meanwhile, are building to a pure frenzy of
text: mastication -- chewing and gulping and snapping at the
dialog: heavenly pies:
speaker_heading: CUSTOMERS
dialog: God, that's good that is de have you
dialog: Licious ever tasted smell such
dialog: Oh my God what perfect more that's
dialog: Pies such flavor
dialog: God, that's good!!
text: The music comes to a rousing conclusion as Mrs. Lovett stands
text: at the door to her shop. Triumphant.
scene_heading: 57 INT. BARBER SHOP -- NIGHT 57
text: Todd is alone. He sits in the barber chair, smoking a pipe.
text: He is holding an old Daguerreotype; creased, stained and
text: bleached-out.
text: The image shows his wife, Lucy, smiling and holding Baby
text: Johanna. The child's features are almost completely obscured
text: by a stain on the picture.
text: He looks at it deeply.
text: Then church bells echo in the distance...
scene_heading: 58 EXT. MAYFAIR -- NIGHT 58
text: ... The church bells continue as we discover Anthony,
text: searching through the streets for Johanna. We see him in long
text: shot as he moves through the contours of the city.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 79.
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: 58
text: He starts his search in a luxurious area of wealth. His
dialog: journey through the city will take him lower and lower, into
text: the darkest corners of London.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I feel you, Johanna,
dialog: I feel you.
dialog: Do they think that walls can hide you?
dialog: Even now I'm at your window.
dialog: I am in the dark beside you,
dialog: Buried sweetly in your yellow hair,
dialog: Johanna...
text: He continues walking...
scene_heading: 59 INT. BARBER SHOP -- NIGHT 59
text: ...Todd gazes quietly at the Daguerreotype:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Johanna...
dialog: And are you beautiful and pale,
dialog: With yellow hair, like her?
dialog: I'd want you beautiful and pale,
dialog: The way I've dreamed you were...
scene_heading: 60 EXT. DOCKS -- NIGHT 60
text: ...We see the figure of Anthony, walking along the docks.
speaker_heading: TODD (V.O.)
dialog: Johanna...
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Johanna...
scene_heading: 61 INT. BARBER SHOP -- DAY 61
text: ...Todd shaves a customer. We recognize the customer
text: instantly: it is the GENTLEMAN.
text: The Daguerreotype now rest on the counter.
text: Todd remains wistful, detached, dream-like.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: And if you're beautiful, what then,
dialog: With yellow hair, like wheat?
dialog: I think we shall not meet again--
text: (He quietly slits the
dialog: Gentleman's throat)
dialog: My little dove, my sweet...
text: PAGE 80.
scene_heading: 62 EXT. SPITALFIELDS MARKET -- DAY 62
text: ...We see the figure of Anthony, walking past hanging
text: carcasses of the busy meat market.
speaker_heading: TODD (V.O.)
dialog: Johanna...
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I'll steal you,
dialog: Johanna...
scene_heading: 63 INT. BARBER SHOP -- DAY 63
text: ...The dead Gentleman is slumped in the chair.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Goodbye, Johanna,
dialog: You're gone, and yet you're mine.
dialog: I'm fine, Johanna,
dialog: I'm fine!
text: He pulls a lever on the newly adjusted chair -- the chair
text: becomes a slide -- and the Gentleman disappears through a
text: trapdoor in the floor, down a chute -- Todd pulls the lever
text: again and the chair returns to its normal position.
scene_heading: 64 EXT. SLUM -- DAY 64
text: ...We see Anthony moving past a crowded tenement, redolent of
dialog: cholera.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Johanna...
scene_heading: 65 INT. BAKEHOUSE STEPS -- DUSK 65
text: ...Music continues as Mrs. Lovett descends a long and very
text: claustrophobic series of steps down to the bakehouse. She
text: unbolts and pulls aside a heavy iron door and enters.
text: We remain outside. A fiery red glow spills out -- the roar of
text: the oven within is thundering.
scene_heading: 66 EXT. FLEET STREET -- DUSK 66
text: ...The Beggar Woman stands on Fleet Street. The hellish
text: metropolis glows, the smoke from a thousand chimneys creating
text: a great pall over the city.
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: (in a demented rage)
dialog: Smoke! Smoke!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 81.
speaker_heading: 66 CONTINUED: 66
dialog: Sign of the devil! Sign of the devil!
dialog: City on fire!
dialog: (to disgusted passers-by)
dialog: Witch! Witch!
dialog: Smell it, sir! An evil smell!
dialog: Every night at the vespers bell--
dialog: Smoke that comes from the mouth of hell--
dialog: City on fire!
text: City on fire...
text: (She begins to scuttle
dialog: off)
dialog: Mischief! Mischief! Mischief...
scene_heading: 67 INT. BARBER SHOP -- DUSK 67
text: ...The red glow of sunset fills the shop as Todd ushers in
text: another customer and prepares to shave him:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: And if I never hear your voice,
dialog: My turtledove, my dear,
dialog: I still have reason to rejoice:
text: The way ahead is clear...
scene_heading: 68 EXT. ALLEY -- DUSK 68
text: ...We see the figure of Anthony moving down a dark alley.
text: Shadowy figures lurk along the alley walls.
speaker_heading: TODD (V.O.)
dialog: Johanna...
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I feel you...
dialog: Johanna...
scene_heading: 69 INT. BARBER SHOP -- DUSK 69
text: ...Todd continues to prepare to shave the customer:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: And in that darkness when I'm blind
dialog: With what I can't forget--
dialog: It's always morning in my mind,
dialog: My little lamb, my pet...
scene_heading: 70 EXT. GRAVEYARD -- DUSK 70
text: ...We see Anthony moving past an lonely graveyard.
speaker_heading: TODD (V.O.)
dialog: Johanna...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 82.
speaker_heading: 70 CONTINUED: 70
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Johanna...
scene_heading: 71 INT. BARBER SHOP -- DUSK 71
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: You stay, Johanna...
dialog: (He quietly cuts the
dialog: customer's throat)
dialog: The way I've dreamed you are.
text: (Todd notices dusk outside
dialog: the window)
dialog: Oh look, Johanna-,
dialog: (Pulls the lever and the
dialog: customer disappears)
dialog: A star!
dialog: (Tossing the customer's
dialog: hat down the chute)
dialog: A shooting star!
scene_heading: 72 EXT. GRAVEYARD -- DUSK 72
text: ...Anthony continues to move past the graveyard.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Buried sweetly in your yellow hair...
scene_heading: 73 INT. BAKEHOUSE STEPS -- DAY 73
text: ...Music continues as Mrs. Lovett emerges from the bakehouse
text: with a rack of hot pies.
text: She walks out of frame, up the steps, as we push in on the
text: crack in the door. The fiery roar of the oven within is
text: overpowering.
scene_heading: 74 EXT. FLEET STREET -- DAY 74
text: ...The Beggar Woman is scuttling madly along Fleet Street.
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: (pointing to the smoke
dialog: over rooftops)
dialog: There! There!
dialog: Somebody, somebody look up there!
dialog: (the passers-by continue
dialog: to ignore her)
dialog: Didn't I tell you? Smell that air?
dialog: City on fire!
text: She approaches the pie shop, the agitated music matching her
text: increasing frenzy. She grabs a stunned Toby -- who is
text: carrying some packages toward the pie shop:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 83.
speaker_heading: 74 CONTINUED: 74
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: Quick, sir! Run and tell!
dialog: Warn 'em all of the witch's spell!
dialog: There it is, there it is, the unholy smell!
dialog: Tell it to the Beadle and the police as well!
dialog: Tell 'em! Tell 'em!
text: She spots Mrs. Lovett emerging from the pie shop and explodes
text: in desperation, pointing madly:
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: Help!!! Fiend!!!
dialog: City on fire!!!
text: Toby pulls away from her, as she begins to scuttle off:
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
text: City on fire...
dialog: Mischief ... Mischief ... Mischief... Fiend...
text: She appeals to other pedestrians as she goes:
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: Alms! ... Alms! ...
text: Toby turns to consider the horrible black smoke belching from
text: the chimney of the pie shop. Something about the foul, ebony
text: smoke troubles him.
scene_heading: 75 INT. BARBER SHOP -- DAY 75
text: ...Todd is standing alone, contemplative, slowly and
text: methodically stropping his razor.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: And though I'll think of you, I guess,
dialog: Until the day I die,
dialog: I think I miss you less and less
dialog: As every day goes by...
scene_heading: 76 EXT. LIMEHOUSE -- DAY 76
text: ...We see the figure of Anthony trudging past the sinister
text: opium dens and depraved taverns of the East End.
speaker_heading: TODD (V.O.)
dialog: Johanna...
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Johanna...
dialog: PAGE 84.
scene_heading: 77 INT. BARBER SHOP -- DAY 77
text: ...Todd completes shaving a customer. The customer's wife and
dialog: daughter are waiting.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: And you'd be beautiful and pale,
dialog: And look too much like her.
dialog: If only angels could prevail,
dialog: We'd be the way we were.
dialog: Johanna...
text: The customer pays. With a pleasant smile, Todd ushers them
dialog: out..
scene_heading: 78 EXT. ASYLUM -- NIGHT 78
text: ...Anthony wanders past the high and impenetrable walls of a
text: madhouse, the demented souls within can be seen moving about
text: in silhouette behind barred windows.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I feel you...
dialog: Johanna...
text: Something makes him stop. He turns to consider the asylum...
scene_heading: 79 INT. BARBER SHOP -- MORNING 79
text: ...Todd shaves another customer. A beautiful morning outside
dialog: the window.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Wake up, Johanna!
dialog: Another bright red day!
text: (He slits the customer's
dialog: throat)
dialog: We learn, Johanna,
dialog: To say...
dialog: Goodbye...
text: As the note continues, he pulls the lever and the customer
text: disappears down the chute...
scene_heading: 80 EXT. ASYLUM -- MORNING 80
text: ...Anthony stares up at the asylum.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I'll steal you...
dialog: PAGE 85.
scene_heading: 81 INT. BARBER SHOP -- MORNING 81
text: ...As the music concludes, Todd picks up the faded
text: Daguerreotype and again sits in his barber chair.
text: He gazes at the picture, lost in revery.
scene_heading: 82 EXT. HAMPSTEAD HEATH -- DAY 82
text: Mrs. Lovett and Todd rest on a picnic blanket, just like any
text: other couple out enjoying the fine day.
text: The remains of a nice picnic lunch are scattered around them
text: and Toby can be seen flying a kite a bit away.
text: Mrs. Lovett watches happy couples moving about ... dogs and
text: kids running hither and yon ... military officers squiring
dialog: their ladies ... nurses with prams...
text: Todd is distinctly ill at ease, brooding, as she chatters:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: ... which is not to say we couldn't
dialog: get some nice taxidermy animals to
dialog: bring a touch of gentility to the
dialog: place. You know, a boar's head or
dialog: two...
dialog: (glancing at the
dialog: unresponsive Todd)
dialog: Mr. T., are you listening to me?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Of course.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Then what did I just say?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (back in his somber
dialog: reflections)
dialog: There must be a way to the Judge!
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (snaps)
dialog: The bloody old Judge! Always harping
dialog: on the bloody old Judge!
dialog: (she massages his neck)
dialog: We got a nice respectable business
dialog: now, money coming in regular and --
dialog: since we're careful to pick and choose
dialog: -- only strangers and such like wot
dialog: won't be missed -- who's going to
dialog: catch on?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 86.
speaker_heading: 82 CONTINUED: 82
text: No response from Todd. She leans across and pecks him on the
dialog: cheek:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Oooh, Mr. Todd--
dialog: (Kisses him again)
dialog: I'm so happy--
dialog: (Again)
dialog: I could--
dialog: (Again)
dialog: Eat you up, I really could!
dialog: You know what I'd like to Do, Mr. Todd?
dialog: (Kisses him)
dialog: What I dream--
dialog: (Again)
dialog: If the business stays as good,
dialog: Where I'd really like to go--
dialog: (No response)
dialog: In a year or so...
dialog: (No response)
dialog: Don't you want to know?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (couldn't care less)
dialog: Of course.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Do you really want to know?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (forces a pained smile)
dialog: Yes, yes, I do, I do.
text: The music continues as she leans back comfortably, beginning
dialog: to imagine a wonderful, domestic future...
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: I've always had this dream of living
dialog: at the seaside ... I got a picture
dialog: postcard from me Aunt Nettie once. Oh,
dialog: it seems like such a grand place...
dialog: (notes Toby flying his
dialog: kite)
dialog: And all that fresh aquatic air's bound
dialog: to be good for the lad's poxy lungs...
text: By the sea, Mr. Todd,
dialog: That's the life I covet;
text: By the sea, Mr. Todd,
dialog: Ooh, I know you'd love it!
dialog: You and me, Mr. T.,
dialog: We could be alone
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 87.
speaker_heading: 82 CONTINUED: (2) 82
dialog: In a house wot we'd almost own
dialog: Down by the sea...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (grumbles)
dialog: Anything you say.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Wouldn't that be smashing?
dialog: And we go to...
scene_heading: 83 EXT. BEACH -- DAY 83
text: ...In Mrs. Lovett's mind.
text: She and Todd sit in the exact same positions as in Hampstead
text: Heath. Only now they are sitting on a beach.
text: They are wearing what she imagines as fashionable seaside
dialog: bathing clothes.
text: Toby, who is not consumptively pale but overly rosy-cheeked
text: in her fantasy, is building a sandcastle nearby.
text: Mrs. Lovett is sitting with her Dream Todd, of course, so he
text: has a bland smile on his face. Somewhat unnatural.
text: In fact, there is something vaguely unreal and stilted about
dialog: all of this.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: With the sea at our gate,
dialog: We'll have kippered herring
dialog: Wot have swum to us straight
dialog: From the Straits of Bering.
dialog: Every night in the kip
dialog: When we're through our kippers,
dialog: I'll be there slippin' off your
dialog: slippers
dialog: By the sea...
text: With the fishies splashing.
dialog: By the sea...
dialog: Wouldn't that be smashing?
dialog: Down by the sea--
speaker_heading: TODD (V.O.)
dialog: Anything you say,
dialog: Anything you say.
dialog: PAGE 88.
scene_heading: 84 EXT. BOARDWALK -- DAY 84
text: Mrs. Lovett strolls with Todd on a boardwalk. Artificially
text: lovely couples, like rotogravure magazine pictures, move
dialog: about.
text: Toby runs along ahead of them.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: I can see us waking,
dialog: The breakers breaking,
text: The seagulls squawking:
dialog: Hoo! Hoo!
dialog: I do me baking,
dialog: Then I go walking
dialog: With yoo-hoo...
dialog: (she waves to Toby)
dialog: Yoo-hoo...
scene_heading: 85 EXT. BOARDWALK -- DAY 85
text: Mrs. Lovett and Todd recline on comfortable deck chairs,
text: having tea and scones.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: I'll warm me bones
text: On the esplanade
dialog: Have tea and scones
dialog: With me gay young blade...
scene_heading: 86 EXT. SEASIDE COTTAGE, PORCH -- DAY 86
text: Mrs. Lovett's notion of a fashionable little seaside cottage.
text: Crushing in its bourgeois blandness.
text: She is making Toby try on a sweater. Todd is writing a
dialog: letter.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: Then I'll knit a sweater
dialog: While you write a letter...
scene_heading: 87 EXT. BEACH -- DAY 87
text: Back on the beach, she cuddles into Todd:
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: (Coyly)
dialog: Unless we got better
dialog: To do-hoo...
speaker_heading: TODD (V.O.)
dialog: Anything you say...
dialog: PAGE 89.
scene_heading: 88 INT. SEASIDE COTTAGE -- NIGHT 88
text: Mrs. Lovett and Todd snuggle into bed:
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: Think how snug it'll be
dialog: Underneath our flannel
dialog: When it's just you and me
dialog: And the English Channel...
scene_heading: 89 INT. SEASIDE COTTAGE -- EVENING 89
text: Mrs. Lovett and Todd entertain some unnaturally jolly chums.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: In our cozy retreat,
dialog: Kept all neat and tidy,
dialog: We'll have chums over every Friday...
scene_heading: 90 EXT. BEACH -- DAY 90
text: Back on the beach.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: By the sea...
speaker_heading: TODD (V.O.)
dialog: Anything you say...
text: Toby pulls Mrs. Lovett over to examine his little sandcastle
dialog: as:
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: Don't you love the weather
dialog: By the sea?
dialog: We'll grow old together
text: By the seaside,
dialog: (Beckons to Todd to join
dialog: them)
dialog: Hoo! Hoo!
dialog: By the beautiful sea!
text: Music continues as Todd joins them. He kneels with Toby to
text: help him work on the sandcastle. Mrs. Lovett stands, watching
text: them, the picture of the doting mother.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: It'll be so quiet
dialog: That who'll come by it
dialog: Except a seagull?
dialog: Hoo! Hoo!
dialog: We shouldn't try it,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 90.
speaker_heading: 90 CONTINUED: 90
dialog: Though, till it's legal,
dialog: For two-hoo!
scene_heading: 91 INT. SEASIDE CHAPEL -- DAY 91
text: Mrs. Lovett and Todd getting married. This being her fantasy,
text: after all, she wears white. Todd is in a constricting morning
text: coat with a rakish top hat. Toby, the best man, watches
dialog: proudly.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
text: But a seaside wedding
dialog: Could be devised,
dialog: Me rumpled bedding
dialog: Legitimized.
text: They exchange vows and kiss.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: My eyelids'll flutter,
dialog: I'll turn into butter,
dialog: The moment I mutter
dialog: "I do-hoo!"
scene_heading: 92 INT. SEASIDE COTTAGE -- MORNING 92
text: Mrs. Lovett is placing a plate of kippers on the table amidst
text: a proper English breakfast. A guest stands, leaning against a
text: wall, waiting to eat.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: By the sea, in our nest,
dialog: We could share our kippers
text: With the odd paying guest
dialog: From the weekend trippers,
dialog: Have a nice sunny suite
dialog: For the guest to rest in--
text: A dark shape quickly moves past the guest -- Todd -- then the
text: guest slides down the wall -- a splash of blood on the
dialog: wallpaper-
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
dialog: Now and then, you could do the guest in--
scene_heading: 93 EXT. BEACH -- SUNSET 93
text: Back at the beach, Mrs. Lovett, Todd and Toby sit
text: comfortably. Watching an unnaturally gorgeous sunset.
text: A picture postcard of a happy family.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 91.
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: 93
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (V.O.)
text: By the sea.
dialog: Married nice and proper,
dialog: By the sea--
dialog: Bring along your chopper
dialog: To the seaside,
dialog: Hoo! Hoo!
dialog: By the beautiful sea!
text: The music concludes as she throws her arms affectionately
text: around her two men.
dialog: We cut back to--
scene_heading: 94 EXT. HAMPSTEAD HEATH -- DAY 94
text: --Mrs. Lovett is sitting in the exact same position with
text: Todd. Silence.
text: Her smiles fades as she considers him. The grim, brooding
text: reality is so clear next to her lovely dream.
text: She watches him in silence as we fade to...
scene_heading: 95 INT. BARBER SHOP -- MORNING 95
text: Todd is standing at his usual post, the window, gazing
text: intently down at Fleet Street.
text: Mrs. Lovett enters with a tray of food:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Brought you some breakfast, dear, farm
text: fresh eggs and a dollop of lovely
dialog: clotted cream, only the best for my...
text: She stops when he realizes he isn't even listening to her.
text: Her heart sinks seeing him at the window, wearing his
text: obsession like a cloak.
text: A beat as she looks at him.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Mr. T., might I ask you a question?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (not turning)
dialog: Mm?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: What did your Lucy look like?
text: He turns to her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 92.
speaker_heading: 95 CONTINUED: 95
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: You heard me ... (a beat) ... Can't
dialog: really remember can you?
speaker_heading: TODD
text: She had yellow hair.
text: He turns back to the window.
text: Mrs. Lovett proceeds with great sincerity:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: You've got to leave all this behind
dialog: you now. She's gone ... You keep
dialog: looking down into the grave, you're
dialog: never gonna look up. And life will
dialog: just pass right by ... Life is for the
dialog: alive, my dear.
text: He does not answer.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: We could have a life we two ... Maybe
dialog: not like I dreamed, maybe not like you
dialog: remember ... But we could get by.
text: He does not answer.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Come away from the window.
text: A long beat.
text: He finally turns from the window. Almost as if to leave his
dialog: demons behind...
text: She smiles quietly and holds out her hand...
text: She begins to cross to him...
scene_heading: SUDDENLY REVEALING--
dialog: The Gentleman!
text: Standing right behind Mrs. Lovett--
text: He is glaring at Todd, relentless and accusatory--
text: Blood pouring from his throat--
dialog: A shocking horror movie vision--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 93.
speaker_heading: 95 CONTINUED: (2) 95
text: Then the bell rings outside the shop ... Todd turns ... the
text: Gentleman is gone ... we hear footsteps climbing the
dialog: stairs...
text: Mrs. Lovett remains standing, her hand out to him, as--
text: Anthony enters, absolutely exhausted.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Mr. Todd ... Mrs. Lovett, ma'am ...
dialog: (sinks into a chair) ... Seems I've
dialog: not slept in a week -- but it's done--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: What is it, Anthony?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: (bitter)
text: He has her locked in a madhouse.
text: Todd's head snaps to Anthony, riveted:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: You've found Johanna?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: For all the good it'll do -- it's
dialog: impossible to get to her.
text: Todd begins pacing, the tiger again, his mind is racing--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: A madhouse ... A madhouse ... Where?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Fogg's Asylum. But I've circled the
dialog: place a dozen times. There's no way
dialog: in. It's a fortress.
text: Anthony fades to a brooding silence as Todd continues pacing,
text: thinking, thinking. Mrs. Lovett watches him, concerned.
text: Todd suddenly stops...
text: We see him settling into an inspired sort of calm, as if he
text: can finally see the Promised Land.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: I've got him.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Mr. Todd?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 94.
speaker_heading: 95 CONTINUED: (3) 95
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (to Anthony)
dialog: We've got her ... Where do you suppose
dialog: all the wigmakers of London go to
dialog: obtain their human hair? Bedlam. They
dialog: get their hair from the lunatics at
dialog: Bedlam--
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I don't understand--
text: Todd suddenly grabs Anthony and hauls him up -- holds him
text: close, forehead to forehead -- his whispered intensity truly
dialog: disturbing:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: We shall set you up as a wigmaker in
dialog: search of hair -- that will gain you
dialog: access -- then you will take her.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: You will not be deterred -- You will
dialog: slaughter the world -- To bring her
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Yes.
text: Mrs. Lovett watches, troubled, as Todd embraces Anthony
text: closely. He holds him for a long beat.
text: Then Todd is all action, hurries to get some money and gives
dialog: it to Anthony, as:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Go and outfit yourself properly -- you
dialog: are to be a gentlemen wigmaker. When
dialog: you return we shall dispatch a letter
dialog: to this Mr. Fogg announcing your
dialog: arrival. Go -- quickly now!
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: (clasping Todd's hand)
dialog: Mr. Todd -- how can I ever--?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Go!
text: Anthony hurries out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 95.
speaker_heading: 95 CONTINUED: (4) 95
text: Todd immediately hurls himself into a chair and begins
text: writing a letter, his violent scrawl slashing across the
dialog: page.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Dear, I wonder if--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Fetch the boy.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Don't you think it's time you--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Fetch the boy.
dialog: Mrs. Lovett goes...
scene_heading: 96 EXT. PIE SHOP -- MORNING 96
text: Mrs. Lovett begins going down the stairs outside the barber
dialog: shop.
text: Then she stops. She stands for a long moment, disturbed that
text: Todd's demons are again devouring him.
text: She looks down and sees Toby washing the tables in the
text: outdoor garden. Toby is serious about his work, vigorously
text: scrubbing the tables with soap and water.
text: She watches him for a moment and then continues down the
dialog: steps:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Toby ... Mr. Todd requires you.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yes'm.
text: He goes up the steps. She just stands, deep in thought.
scene_heading: 97 INT. BARBER SHOP -- MORNING 97
text: Todd is finishing the letter as Toby enters:
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Mr. T.?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (still writing)
dialog: You know where the Old Bailey is?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 96.
speaker_heading: 97 CONTINUED: 97
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Oh, yes, sir. Not that I ever--
speaker_heading: TODD
text: (interrupts, folding up
dialog: letter)
dialog: Take this there and seek out a Judge
dialog: Turpin. Repeat that. Repeat that.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Go to the Old Bailey. Find Judge
dialog: Turpin.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (handing him letter)
dialog: Put this into his hands. Only to him.
dialog: Do you understand?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yes, sir, and while I'm out do you
dialog: mind if I stop by the grocer and pick
dialog: up the--
text: Todd pounces like a panther--
text: He suddenly leaps up and grabs Toby by the throat with
dialog: shocking brutality--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: DON'T CHATTER, BOY! You are not to
dialog: stop! You are not to speak! You are to
dialog: deliver this letter! DO YOU
dialog: UNDERSTAND?!
text: Toby is stunned and terrified. It is the first time he has
text: seen this side of his friend, Mr. Todd.
text: Todd releases him. Toby races out.
text: Todd immediately begins pacing like a caged animal, back and
text: forth, back and forth, whispering to himself neurotically, as
dialog: day becomes evening...
scene_heading: 101 EXT. PIE SHOP -- EVENING 101
text: Toby walks back to the pie shop, upset.
text: He stops when he sees Todd at the window above, unblinking,
text: gazing like a falcon into the street.
text: He continues on to Mrs. Lovett, who is clearing up the
text: remains of a meal in the outdoor garden.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 97.
speaker_heading: 101 CONTINUED: 101
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Where you been, lad? We had quite the
dialog: luncheon rush! Me poor bones is ready
dialog: to drop...
text: (She looks at him, notes
text: his dark expression.)
dialog: What is it, Toby?
text: He sits. She sits next to him.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Mr. Todd sent me on an errand ... And
dialog: on the way back I went by the
dialog: workhouse. And I was thinkin' ... But
dialog: for you I would be there now. Or
dialog: someplace worse.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Seems like the Good Lord sent you for
dialog: me.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Oh, love, I feel quite the same way--
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Hear me out, mum ... You know there's
dialog: nothing I wouldn't do for you. Say, if
dialog: there was someone around -- someone
dialog: bad -- only you didn't know it--
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: What is this? What are you talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Nothing's gonna harm you,
dialog: Not while I'm around.
dialog: Nothing gonna harm you,
dialog: No, sir,
dialog: Not while I'm around...
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: What do you mean, "someone bad"?
speaker_heading: TOBY
text: Demons are prowling
dialog: Everywhere
dialog: Nowadays.
dialog: I'll send 'em howling,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 98.
speaker_heading: 101 CONTINUED: (2) 101
dialog: I don't care--
dialog: I got ways.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Darling, hush now, there's no need for
dialog: this...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: No one's gonna hurt you,
dialog: No one's gonna dare.
dialog: Others can desert you--
dialog: Not to worry--
dialog: Whistle, I'll be there.
dialog: Demons'll charm you
text: With a smile
dialog: For a while,
dialog: But in time
dialog: Nothing can harm you,
dialog: Not while I'm around.
dialog: Music continues:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: What is this foolishness now? What are
dialog: you talking about?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Little things wot I been thinking ...
dialog: About Mr. Todd...
dialog: Not to worry, not to worry,
dialog: I may not be smart but I ain't dumb.
dialog: I can do it,
dialog: Put me to it,
dialog: Show me something I can overcome.
dialog: Not to worry, mum.
text: He leans into her, she puts her arms around him, but her
text: expression is deeply troubled.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Being close and being clever
dialog: Ain't like being true,
dialog: I don't need to,
dialog: I won't never
dialog: Hide a thing from you,
dialog: Like some.
text: Music continues as she nervously comforts him:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Now, Toby dear, haven't we had enough
dialog: of this foolish chatter? ...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 99.
speaker_heading: 101 CONTINUED: (3) 101
speaker_heading: MRS. LOVETT (cont'd)
dialog: (reaching for her purse)
dialog: ... Here, how about I give you a shiny
dialog: new penny and you can fetch us some
dialog: nice toffees--?
text: She pulls Pirelli's chatelaine purse from her dress--
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: That's Signor Pirelli's purse!
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: No, no, love -- this is just something
dialog: Mr. T. give me for my birthday--
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: See that proves it -- what I been
dialog: thinkin'--
text: (He stands, urgently
dialog: pulling her hand)
dialog: We gotta go, ma'am, right now -- we
dialog: gotta find the Beadle and get the law
dialog: here--
text: She pulls him down to her again, agitated, her mind racing:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Hush now, Toby, hush ... Here, you
dialog: just sit next to me nice and quiet ...
dialog: (calming)
dialog: ... How could you think such a thing
dialog: of Mr. Todd, who's been so good to us?
text: He calms down a bit as she holds him.
text: And she comes to a painful, dreadful decision.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Nothing's gonna harm you,
dialog: Not while I'm around.
dialog: Nothing's gonna harm you, darling,
dialog: Not while I'm around.
text: (He leans into her)
dialog: Demons'll charm you
text: With a smile
dialog: For a while,
dialog: But in time
dialog: Nothing's gonna harm you,
dialog: Not while I'm around.
text: The music continues as she holds him. There are tears in her
text: eyes. But we see that her gentle song has calmed him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 100.
speaker_heading: 101 CONTINUED: (4) 101
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Funny we should be having this little
dialog: chat right now ... 'Cause I was just
dialog: thinkin', you know how you've always
text: fancied coming into the bakehouse with
dialog: me to help make the pies?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (dreamily)
dialog: Yes, ma'am.
text: She quickly dries her eyes and then turns him to look at her.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Well ... no time like the present.
scene_heading: 102 INT. BAKEHOUSE STEPS -- EVENING 102
text: Mrs. Lovett leads Toby down the claustrophobic, long stairway
text: toward the bakehouse.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: My heart bleeds for you havin' to go
dialog: up and down all these stairs!
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Well, that'll be your job now.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yes, ma'am!
text: She arrives at the heavy iron door to the bakehouse. We can
text: hear the seismic rumble of the bake oven within.
text: She unbolts the door and ushers Toby in.
dialog: And we finally enter...
scene_heading: 103 INT. THE BAKEHOUSE -- EVENING 103
text: A macabre vision of Hell.
text: The roof hangs low in this subterranean chamber. The grisly
text: tools of her trade are scattered about the place: a large,
text: stained chopping block; a meat grinder; buckets of
text: questionable viscous liquid; cleavers and bone saws and meat
text: hooks; wet sewer grates for the blood.
text: A metal sheet, hinged at the top, has been attached to cover
text: an opening in the wall: the mouth of the chute from the
text: barber shop above.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 101.
speaker_heading: 103 CONTINUED: 103
text: And eeriest of all ... the thundering roar of flame coming
text: from a large industrial oven against one wall.
text: Toby takes in the cavernous bakehouse:
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Coo, quite a stink, ain't there?
text: She indicates the sewer grates:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Those grates go right down to the
text: sewers and the whiffs come up, always
text: a few rats gone home to Jesus down
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: So -- where do I start?!
text: She leads him across to the thrumming, fiery oven:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Now this would be the bake oven ...
dialog: Ten dozen at a time. Always be sure
text: the doors is closed properly, like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (trying to remember it
dialog: all)
dialog: Yes'm, always closed properly.
text: She leads him to the meat grinder:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: And here's the grinder ...
dialog: (demonstrates it)
dialog: ... You pop in the meat, give it a
dialog: good grind and it comes out here.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: (practicing with the
dialog: grinder)
dialog: Good grind, comes out there.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: That's my boy. Smoothly, smoothly --
dialog: Now I've got to pop upstairs, back in
dialog: two shakes, all right?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yes'm.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 102.
speaker_heading: 103 CONTINUED: (2) 103
text: She begins to go. He stops her with:
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Do you think I might have a pie while
dialog: I wait?
text: She turns. He is standing at a rack of cooling pies.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: As many as you like, son ... As many
dialog: as you like.
text: She goes and shuts the door behind her.
scene_heading: 104 INT. BAKEHOUSE STEPS -- EVENING 104
text: She leans against the bakehouse door, tormented, gasping for
text: air. Then she slowly bolts the door.
speaker_heading: A120
scene_heading: 105 INT. FOGG'S ASYLUM -- EVENING 105
text: A cacophony of madness. The ragged inmates of the asylum are
text: slammed together in a series of cramped cells, the low
text: ceiling pressing down.
text: We discover Anthony, dressed as a fashionable wigmaker,
text: walking past the cells with the odious MR. FOGG. Fogg carries
text: a large pair of scissors.
speaker_heading: FOGG
dialog: ... Oh yes, sir, I agree it would be
dialog: to our mutual interest to come to some
dialog: arrangement in regard to my poor
dialog: children's hair.
text: He moves to one of the cells and unlocks it:
speaker_heading: FOGG
dialog: I keep the blondes over here. It was
dialog: yellow hair you was looking for, sir?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Yes.
text: Fogg goes into the crowded cell -- the inmates, all blonde
text: women, scurry back, clearly terrified of Fogg. Anthony sees
text: Johanna, wearing a filthy straitjacket, hunched like a feral
text: animal, cowering in a corner of the cell.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: (points)
dialog: That one has hair the shade I need.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 103.
speaker_heading: 105 CONTINUED: 105
text: Fogg goes to fetch Johanna, hauls her to Anthony:
speaker_heading: FOGG
dialog: Come, child. Smile for the gentleman
dialog: and you shall have a sweetie.
text: Johanna's eyes shoot wide when she sees Anthony, but she says
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: FOGG
dialog: (prepares scissors)
dialog: Now, where shall I cut?
text: Before Fogg can react -- Anthony pulls a revolver from his
text: clothing, grabs Johanna and pushes Fogg back into the cell.
text: He swings the cell door shut, locking Fogg in.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Not a word, Mr. Fogg, or it will be
dialog: your last ... Now, I leave you to the
dialog: mercy of your "children."
text: He grabs Johanna and pulls her away.
text: Mr. Fogg turns. He is locked in with the blonde inmates. They
text: slowly begin to advance on him. Menacing. It is likely they
dialog: are going to rip him limb from limb...
scene_heading: 106 EXT. PIE SHOP -- EVENING 106
text: Todd and Mrs. Lovett are hurrying down the stairs from the
text: barber shop, urgent. Todd has a razor.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: ... I got him locked in -- but if he
dialog: escapes he'll go to the law!
speaker_heading: TODD
text: Then he can't escape.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Mr. T. -- I don't know -- maybe we
dialog: could--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: The Judge will be here soon! I have no
dialog: time, woman! Come on--!
text: They turn a corner and walk straight into--
dialog: The Beadle!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 104.
speaker_heading: 106 CONTINUED: 106
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Excuse me, sir! -- You gave me a
dialog: fright.
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: Not my intention, good madam, though I
dialog: am here on official business.
text: (elaborately prepares a
dialog: pinch of snuff)
dialog: You see, there's been complaints.
dialog: About the stink from your chimney.
dialog: They say at night, it's something most
dialog: foul. Health regulations -- and the
dialog: general public welfare, naturally --
dialog: being my duty, I'm afraid I'll have to
dialog: take a look ...
dialog: (inhales the snuff,
text: Sneezes and daintily
dialog: wipes his nose)
dialog: ... at your bakehouse.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (smoothly)
dialog: Of course ... But first why don't you
dialog: come upstairs and let me attend to
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: Much as I do appreciate tonsorial
dialog: adornment, I really ought see to my
dialog: "official" obligations first.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: An admirable sentiment -- But I must
dialog: ask you, out of professional curiosity
dialog: you understand, is that a cream or a
dialog: tallow pomade?
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: (touches his hair)
dialog: Oh, not a pomade at all! Me secret is
text: a touch of ambergris.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: But, sir, hair that delicate requires
dialog: a genuine pomade! Come along, let me
dialog: show you the difference.
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: (considering)
dialog: Well ... you are the expert in these
dialog: matters...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 105.
speaker_heading: 106 CONTINUED: (2) 106
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: And we'll finish you off with a nice
text: facial rub of bay rum.
speaker_heading: BEADLE
text: Oooh, bay rum is bracing.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: And all on the house, for my friend,
dialog: Beadle Bamford.
speaker_heading: BEADLE
dialog: Well, sir, I take that very kindly ...
dialog: Lead on.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (bowing)
dialog: I am, sir, entirely at your --
text: (his eyes flit to Mrs.
dialog: Lovett)
dialog: -- disposal.
text: He leads the Beadle away.
text: Mrs. Lovett allows herself a breath.
scene_heading: 107 EXT. PIE SHOP -- EVENING 107
text: From across the street, we see Todd leading the Beadle up the
text: stairs to the barber shop, chatting with him easily.
text: We realize we are seeing the perspective of the Beggar Woman,
text: hunched across the street, watching them closely.
scene_heading: 108 INT. BAKEHOUSE -- EVENING 108
text: Toby is eating a pie as he slowly wanders around the
dialog: bakehouse.
text: He stops to consider the many stained cleavers and bone saws,
dialog: curious.
text: Then he bites on something hard -- stops -- he reaches into
text: his mouth and pulls something out. Looks at it:
text: It is a fingernail.
text: To be exact, it is the severed tip of a finger.
text: Toby drops it in horror and starts back--
text: Suddenly, a loud THUMPING and CLANGING makes him spin,
dialog: alarmed--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 106.
speaker_heading: 108 CONTINUED: 108
dialog: As --
text: The bloody body of the Beadle EXPLODES SUDDENLY from the
dialog: mouth of the chute--
text: Toby screams and races to the door--
text: Pulls at it. Locked. No use. He bangs on the heavy iron door
dialog: wildly:
speaker_heading: TOBY
text: MRS. LOVETT! MRS. LOVETT! LET ME OUT!
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT!
text: The thundering roar from the bake oven seems to rise to match
dialog: his frenzy as--
text: In panic, Toby races to the sewer grate, yanks it up and
text: disappears down into the sewers as the shrill factory whistle
dialog: SCREAMS and we cut to--
scene_heading: 109 INT. BARBER SHOP -- EVENING 109
text: Todd stands by the chair, his razor high--
text: His eyes blazing--
text: His face covered in a spray of blood--
text: Lost in rapture.
dialog: Not for long.
text: The Gentleman, the Banker, the General move into the frame
text: with purpose, impatient.
text: The Gentleman flicks out his handkerchief and begins to clean
text: the blood off Todd's face -- he is not gentle, the blood
dialog: smears--
speaker_heading: GENTLEMAN
text: The engine roared, the motor hissed,
dialog: And who could see how the road would twist...?
text: Meanwhile, the Banker pulls off Todd's stained barber tunic
text: and hands Todd his jacket--
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: In Sweeney's ledger the entries matched:
text: A Beadle arrived, and a Beadle dispatched...
text: Meanwhile, the General is cleaning up the blood on the barber
dialog: chair--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 107.
scene_heading: 109 CONTINUED: 109
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: To satisfy the hungry god
dialog: Of Sweeney Todd...
scene_heading: GENTLEMAN, BANKER AND GENERAL
dialog: The Demon Barber of Fleet...
text: SUDDENLY -- a sharp cry from across the room -- Todd spins--
speaker_heading: OTHER GHOSTS (O.S.)
speaker_heading: SWEENEY!
scene_heading: GENTLEMAN, BANKER AND GENERAL
dialog: ...Street!
text: Todd sees that more and more of the ghastly specters are
text: moving around the room -- multiplying exponentially -- we see
text: the TOURIST, the STUDENT, the PRIEST and others.
text: They are more intrusive than they have ever been -- touching
text: Todd -- eagerly preparing him for the finale of his drama --
speaker_heading: GHOSTS
dialog: (variously)
dialog: Sweeney! Sweeney!
dialog: Sweeney! Sweeney! Sweeney!
text: By now the ghosts are fully Furies, demented and threatening--
speaker_heading: GHOSTS
dialog: Sweeney!
dialog: Sweeeeeeneeeeey...!
text: The screeching music transforms into a strange symphony of
text: inarticulate moans and howls and chants, taking us to...
scene_heading: 110 INT. SEWERS -- NIGHT 110
speaker_heading: GHOSTS (V.O.)
text: Sweeeeeeeeeeeeeeneeeeeeeeeeeey...
dialog: Sweeneysweeneysweeneysweeney...
text: Todd and Mrs. Lovett are searching for Toby through a
text: horrible catacomb of decaying sewers. Todd carries a razor.
text: Their voices echo bizarrely:
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Toby!
dialog: Where are you, love?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Toby!
dialog: Where are you, lad?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 108.
speaker_heading: 110 CONTINUED: 110
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Nothing's gonna harm you...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Toby!
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Not while I'm around...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Toby!
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Nothing's gonna harm you,
dialog: Darling...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Nothing to be afraid of boy...
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Not while I'm around.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Toby...
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
text: Demons are prowling everywhere
dialog: Nowadays...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Toby...
dialog: Music takes us to...
scene_heading: 111 INT. BARBER SHOP -- NIGHT 111
text: Anthony and Johanna hurry into the barber shop. She is now
text: dressed as a scruffy boy, a cap hiding her hair. She is
text: distracted and disturbed.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Mr. Todd...? No matter. You wait for
dialog: him here -- I'll return with the coach
dialog: in less than half an hour...
text: She gently touches Todd's collection of razors...
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Don't worry, darling, in those
dialog: clothes, no one will recognize you ...
dialog: You're safe now.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 109.
speaker_heading: 111 CONTINUED: 111
text: She picks up the largest razor, looks at it, an eerie echo of
dialog: her father.
speaker_heading: JOHANNA
dialog: (darkly ironic)
dialog: Safe ... So we run away and then all
dialog: our dreams come true?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I hope so...
speaker_heading: JOHANNA
dialog: I have never had dreams. Only
dialog: nightmares.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Johanna ... When we're free of this
dialog: place all the ghosts will go away.
text: She looks at him very intensely:
speaker_heading: JOHANNA
dialog: No, Anthony, they never go away.
text: He gently touches her face.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I'll be right back to you ... Half an
dialog: hour and we'll be free.
dialog: He goes.
text: She turns to the window, watches him go. Her expression is
dialog: sad: he will never fully comprehend her depth.
text: Then she sees the Beggar Woman approaching from across the
dialog: street...
scene_heading: 112 EXT. PIE SHOP -- NIGHT 112
text: The Beggar Woman begins climbing the stairs to the barber
dialog: shop:
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: Beadle ... Beadle ...
dialog: No good hiding, I saw you!
dialog: Are you in there still?
scene_heading: 113 INT. BARBER SHOP -- NIGHT 113
text: Johanna hears the Beggar Woman singing, climbing the stairs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 110.
speaker_heading: 113 CONTINUED: 113
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Beadle ... Beadle...
text: Johanna looks around urgently, sees the large chest. She
text: quickly climbs into it and shuts the lid as--
text: The Beggar Woman enters.
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: Beadle dear, Beadle...
text: The room has a strange effect on her, as if she were vaguely
text: recalling some distant dream. She intones to pretty lullaby
dialog: music...
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: Beadle deedle deedle deedle deedle dumpling,
dialog: Beadle, dumpling, Be-deedle dumpling...
speaker_heading: SUDDENLY--
text: Without warning -- like a thunderbolt -- Todd leaps into the
dialog: room--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: What are you doing here?!
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: (clutching at his arm)
dialog: Ah, evil is here, sir. The stink of
dialog: evil -- from below -- from her! ...
dialog: (calling)
dialog: ... Beadle dear, Beadle!
text: He looks anxiously out the window for the Judge:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Be quiet, woman!
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: (still clutching at him)
dialog: She's the Devil's wife! Oh, beware
dialog: her, sir. She with no pity ...
text: (slowing, looking at him
dialog: more closely)
dialog: ...in her heart...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Out of here! Now!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 111.
speaker_heading: 113 CONTINUED: (2) 113
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: (really peering at him
dialog: now)
dialog: Hey, don't I know you, mister?
text: Todd suddenly sees -- the Judge! -- walking toward the shop--
dialog: Todd has no time--!
dialog: The music THUNDERS as--
text: In one brutal motion -- he swings around and grabs his razor -
text: - fiercely SLASHES her throat -- tosses her in the chair --
text: pulls the lever -- she slides through the floor--
text: He pulls the chair back to its normal position just as--
text: The Judge enters.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Where is she? Where's the girl?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Below, your Honor. With my neighbor.
dialog: Thank heavens the sailor did not
dialog: molest her. Thank heavens, too, she
dialog: has seen the error of her ways.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: She has?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Oh yes, sir, your lesson was well
dialog: learned. She speaks only of you,
dialog: longing for forgiveness.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Then she shall have it. She'll be here
dialog: soon, you say?
text: The music builds, the pace increases:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: I think I hear her now.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Oh, excellent, my friend!
speaker_heading: TODD
text: Is that her dainty footstep on the stair?
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I hear nothing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 112.
speaker_heading: 113 CONTINUED: (3) 113
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Yes, isn't that her shadow on the
dialog: wall?
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: There!
dialog: Primping,
dialog: Making herself even prettier than usual--
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Even prettier...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: If possible.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (blissful)
dialog: Ohhhhhhh,
dialog: Pretty women!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Pretty women, yes...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (straightening his coat)
dialog: Quickly, sir, a splash of bay rum!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Sit, sir, sit.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (settling into chair, in
dialog: lecherous rapture)
dialog: Johanna, Johanna...
text: Todd gets a towel, puts it carefully around the Judge, moves
dialog: to get a bottle of bay rum--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Pretty women...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Hurry, man!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Pretty women
dialog: Are a wonder...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: PAGE 113.
speaker_heading: 113 CONTINUED: (4) 113
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: You're in a merry mood again today,
dialog: barber.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (joyfully)
dialog: Pretty women!
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: What we do for
text: They sing simultaneously as Todd smoothes bay rum on the
text: Judge's face and then reaches for his razor:
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Pretty women!
text: Blowing out their candles
dialog: Combing out their hair--
dialog: Then they leave--
dialog: Even when they leave you
dialog: And vanish, they somehow
dialog: Can still remain
dialog: There with you there...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Pretty women!
text: Blowing out their candles
dialog: Or combing out their hair,
dialog: Even when they leave,
dialog: They still
dialog: Are there,
dialog: They're there...
text: The music builds dangerously as:
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: How seldom it is one meets a fellow
dialog: spirit!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: With fellow tastes -- in women, at
dialog: least.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: What? What's that?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: The years no doubt have changed me,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 114.
speaker_heading: 113 CONTINUED: (5) 113
speaker_heading: TODD (cont'd)
dialog: But then, I suppose the face of a
text: barber -- the face of a prisoner in
dialog: the dock -- is not particularly
dialog: memorable.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (a horrified realization)
dialog: Benjamin Barker!
speaker_heading: TODD
scene_heading: BENJAMIN BARKER!
text: The factory whistle screams a steady, terrible blast as--
text: Todd brutally SLASHES the Judge's throat--
text: Severing his jugular--
text: The spray of blood drenches Todd--
text: He pulls the lever and sends the body tumbling out of sight
text: down the chute.
text: The music continues...
text: As Todd stands for a long moment, blood dripping from his
text: face, exalted.
text: Then he sinks to his knees, overcome.
text: The music stops.
text: A long beat of silence.
text: Then Todd looks at his razor deeply:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Rest now, my friend,
dialog: Rest now forever,
text: Sleep now the untroubled
dialog: Sleep of the angels.
text: Then silence as he reverently sets the razor on the floor and
text: looks at it.
text: We focus on his face.
text: His quest is completed.
text: His demons silenced.
text: The ghosts are gone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 115.
speaker_heading: 113 CONTINUED: (6) 113
dialog: It's done.
text: He just kneels there. No reason to move. No purpose in life.
dialog: Then...
text: A sound from the chest. A slight thump.
text: His eyes dart to the chest.
text: He slowly picks up his razor and moves to the chest. Then
text: suddenly WRENCHES it open and HAULS out Johanna--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (darkly)
dialog: Come for a shave, have you, lad?
speaker_heading: JOHANNA
dialog: No -- I...
text: He tosses her in the chair, throws back his arm, his razor
dialog: ready--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Surely, yes! Everyone needs a good
dialog: shave--!
text: SUDDENLY -- A PIERCING SCREAM ECHOES UP FROM THE CHUTE --
text: Mrs. Lovett's voice -- screaming to raise the dead--
text: Todd rivets Johanna, pointing the razor at her, a lethal
dialog: warning:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Forget my face.
text: He spins and bolts out of the shop, leaving her sitting in
dialog: the chair--
scene_heading: 114 INT. BAKEHOUSE -- NIGHT 114
text: Mrs. Lovett is standing in horror by the mouth of the chute.
text: The Judge, still barely alive, clutches at her skirt--
text: She tries to wrench herself away from his vise-like grip--
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Die! Die! God in heaven -- die!
text: The Judge's fingers finally relax their grip; he is dead.
text: Panting, Mrs. Lovett, backs away from him and for the first
text: time notices the body of the Beggar Woman.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 116.
speaker_heading: 114 CONTINUED: 114
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: You! Can it be? Have all the demons of
dialog: Hell come to torment me?!
text: She grabs the Beggar Woman and starts dragging her quickly
text: toward the oven as Todd races in:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Why did you scream? Does the Judge
dialog: live still?
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
text: He was clutching, holding on to my
dialog: dress, but he's finished now...
text: She continues quickly dragging the Beggar Woman toward the
dialog: oven.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Leave them to me. Open the doors.
text: He waves her toward the oven--
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: No! Don't touch her!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Open the doors!
text: He shoves her toward the oven and leans over to pick up the
dialog: Beggar Woman's body--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: What's the matter with you? It's only
dialog: a silly old beggar--
text: Then -- Mrs. Lovett opens the oven doors--
text: The thundering roar from the oven crashes through the room as
text: the fiery light slashes across the floor--
text: Clearly illuminating the face of the Beggar Woman.
text: A chord of music as Todd realizes who she is. Music continues
dialog: and builds as:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Oh no! ... Oh God ... "Don't I know
dialog: you?" she said ...
text: He looks up to Mrs. Lovett:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 117.
speaker_heading: 114 CONTINUED: (2) 114
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: You knew she lived. From the moment
dialog: that I came into your shop you knew my
dialog: Lucy lived!
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: I was only thinking of you!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (looking down again)
dialog: Lucy...
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Your Lucy! A crazy hag picking bones
text: and rotten spuds out of alley ashcans!
dialog: Would you have wanted to know she
dialog: ended up like that?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: You lied to me...
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: No, no, not lied at all.
dialog: No, I never lied.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (to Beggar Woman)
dialog: Lucy...
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Said she took the poison -- she did --
dialog: Never said that she died --
dialog: Poor thing,
dialog: She lived--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: I've come home again...
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: But it left her weak in the head,
dialog: All she did for months was just lie there in bed--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Lucy...
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Should've been in hospital,
dialog: Wound up in Bedlam instead,
dialog: Poor thing!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 118.
speaker_heading: 114 CONTINUED: (3) 114
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Oh, my God...
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Better you should think she was dead.
dialog: (passionately)
dialog: Yes, I lied 'cos I love you!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Lucy...
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: I'd be twice the wife she was!
dialog: I love you!
dialog: Could that thing have cared for you
dialog: Like me?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (a harrowing keen)
dialog: WHAT HAVE I DONE?!
text: Todd's eyes suddenly snap up to Mrs. Lovett -- as the
text: glorious "Little Priest" waltz theme returns--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Mrs. Lovett,
dialog: You're a bloody wonder,
dialog: Eminently practical and yet
dialog: Appropriate as always,
dialog: As you've said repeatedly,
dialog: There's little point in dwelling on the past.
text: He steps toward her, she steps back, unsure, as they sing
dialog: simultaneously:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: No, come here, my love...
dialog: Not a thing to fear,
dialog: My love...
dialog: What's dead
dialog: Is dead.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: Do you mean it?
dialog: Everything I did I swear I thought
dialog: Was only for the best,
dialog: Believe me!
dialog: (a heartbreaking plea)
dialog: Can we still be
dialog: Married?
text: Todd steps toward her darkly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 119.
speaker_heading: 114 CONTINUED: (4) 114
text: She knows she is doomed.
text: But steps into his arms anyway for a final, triumphant waltz:
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: The history of the world, my pet--
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (through tears)
dialog: Oh, Mr. Todd,
dialog: Ooh, Mr. Todd,
dialog: Leave it to me...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Is learn forgiveness and try to forget.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (the lost dream)
text: By the sea, Mr. Todd,
dialog: We'll be comfy-cozy,
text: By the sea, Mr. Todd,
dialog: Where there's no one nosy...
text: He waltzes her toward the roaring oven.
text: She offers no resistance, fully aware of what's coming.
text: The blazing, thundering inferno of the oven makes it seem
text: they are the damned, dancing through Hell.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: And life is for the alive, my dear,
dialog: So let's keep living it--!
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: Just keep living it,
dialog: Really living it--!
text: The music reaches a thundering crescendo as--
text: He flings her into the oven and slams the doors--
text: We hear her screaming. And banging on the oven doors.
text: Todd sinks to his knees and covers his ears desperately as
text: the banging and screaming and music finally fade to silence.
text: Then he slowly drags himself across the floor to the Beggar
dialog: Woman.
text: He cradles her head in his arms.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 120.
speaker_heading: 114 CONTINUED: (5) 114
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: There was a barber and his wife,
dialog: And she was beautiful.
text: A foolish barber and his wife,
dialog: She was his reason and his life.
dialog: And she was beautiful.
dialog: And she was virtuous.
dialog: And he was...
text: Todd folds himself over his dead wife.
text: The only sound his deep, anguished sobs.
text: A long beat.
text: Then he becomes aware of something. He looks over to see....
text: Toby -- staring at him from the open sewer grate. He has seen
dialog: everything.
text: Todd watches as Toby silently pulls himself up. Todd gently
text: sets Lucy down and then, still kneeling, turns to face Toby.
text: A long beat as they look at each other.
text: Then Toby slowly moves and carefully picks up Todd's razor.
text: Todd looks at him.
text: Then slowly unbuttons his collar and exposes his neck.
text: He bends his head back, offering his naked throat.
text: Toby slowly goes to him and methodically slits his throat.
text: Todd continues to gaze up at Toby as we hear the lonely sound
text: of wind escaping from his severed wind pipe.
text: Then Toby turns and leaves the bakehouse.
text: Todd leans forward, dying.
dialog: We cut to his point-of-view:
text: The rough brick floor...
text: From the bottom of the frame...
text: A dark pool of blood slowly begins to spread ... moving up
text: the frame ... the fiery glow from the bake oven reflected in
dialog: the blood...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 121.
speaker_heading: 114 CONTINUED: (6) 114
text: Finally, the pool of blood fills the entire frame.
dialog: We realize this is the first image we saw in the story.
text: Todd's perspective. Todd's blood. As he dies.
text: As before, the Gentleman's face appears, reflected in the
dialog: pool of blood...
speaker_heading: GENTLEMAN
dialog: Attend the tale of Sweeney Todd,
text: His skin was pale and his eye was odd.
text: The Banker emerges from the shadows of the bakehouse...
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: He shaved the faces of gentlemen
dialog: Who never thereafter were heard of again.
text: The General emerges ... and the Tourist ... and the Priest
dialog: ... and the Student...
speaker_heading: GHOSTS
dialog: (variously)
dialog: He trod a path that few have trod,
dialog: Did Sweeney Todd,
dialog: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street.
text: Then a new ghost ... a face we recognize ... the Beggar
dialog: Woman...
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: He kept a shop in London town,
dialog: Of fancy clients and good renown.
text: She is joined by the Judge...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: And what if none of their souls were saved?
text: They went to their maker impeccably shaved.
scene_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN, JUDGE AND GHOSTS
dialog: By Sweeney,
dialog: By Sweeney Todd,
dialog: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street.
text: The Beadle and Pirelli join the ghosts...
scene_heading: PIRELLI AND BEADLE
dialog: Swing your razor wide, Sweeney!
dialog: Hold it to the skies!
dialog: Freely flows the blood of those
dialog: Who moralize!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 122.
speaker_heading: 114 CONTINUED: (7) 114
text: The ghosts move around the bakehouse, considering the meat
text: grinder and stained cleavers and chopping block...
speaker_heading: GHOSTS
dialog: (variously)
text: His needs are few, his room is bare.
text: He hardly uses his fancy chair.
text: The more he bleeds, the more he lives.
text: He never forgets and he never forgives.
dialog: Perhaps today you gave a nod
dialog: To Sweeney Todd.
dialog: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street.
text: Hunting like predators, we begin to move urgently through the
text: ghosts. Their long shadows tower bizarrely against the walls
text: and ceiling of the bakehouse. The fiery red roar of the bake
text: oven builds in intensity...
speaker_heading: GHOSTS
dialog: (variously)
dialog: Sweeney wishes the world away,
dialog: Sweeney's weeping for yesterday,
text: Hugging the blade, waiting the years,
text: Hearing the music that nobody hears.
text: Sweeney waits in the parlor hall,
text: Sweeney leans on the office wall.
dialog: No one can help, nothing can hide you--
dialog: Isn't that Sweeney there beside you?
dialog: Sweeney wishes the world away,
dialog: Sweeney's weeping for yesterday,
dialog: Is Sweeney!
dialog: There he is, it's Sweeney!
dialog: Sweeney! Sweeney!
text: We tear through them with increasing frenzy -- cutting
text: quickly, vertiginous angles -- as the music builds--
speaker_heading: GHOSTS
dialog: (variously)
dialog: There! There! There! There!
dialog: There! There! There!
dialog: (almost a scream now)
dialog: There!
dialog: They move away--
dialog: Revealing--
text: Todd and Mrs. Lovett. Facing each other.
dialog: We circle them:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: PAGE 123.
speaker_heading: 114 CONTINUED: (8) 114
speaker_heading: GHOSTS
dialog: Attend the tale of Sweeney Todd!
dialog: He served a dark and a hungry god!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (sharply to Mrs. Lovett)
dialog: To seek revenge may lead to hell.
scene_heading: MRS. LOVETT
dialog: (coldly to him)
dialog: But everyone does it, if seldom as well--
scene_heading: TODD AND MRS. LOVETT
dialog: --As Sweeney...
speaker_heading: GHOSTS
dialog: As Sweeney Todd...
dialog: The Demon Barber of Fleet...
text: The ghosts begin to disappear ... fading into the shadows of
text: the bakehouse ... leaving Todd and Mrs. Lovett alone...
speaker_heading: GHOSTS
dialog: ... Street!
text: The febrile music continues as Todd and Mrs. Lovett stand
text: alone, continuing to glare at each other.
text: Finally she gives him a grim little smile and disappears into
dialog: the darkness.
text: He stands alone.
dialog: And we cut to--
text: A series of images from earlier in our story, cut to the music --
text: Todd's life flashing before his eyes --
text: The images building as the music races toward its conclusion--
text: Todd singing -- slashing -- smiling -- striding--
text: The final crash of music at the final image:
text: Todd kneeling, hunched over the pool of blood on the
text: bakehouse floor.
dialog: He falls...
text: Into the blood.
dialog: Dead.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: PAGE 124.
speaker_heading: 114 CONTINUED: (9) 114
dialog: Snap to black.
dialog: The End
dialog: 
