dialog: 
dialog: 
text: SWEET SMELL OF SUCCESS
dialog: by
dialog: Clifford Odets
dialog: Ernest Lehman
dialog: Working Script For
text: THE SWEET SMELL OF SUCCESS
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. INT. GLOBE NEWSPAPER BUILDING - DUSK - N.Y.
text: A row of newspaper delivery trucks is lined up against the
text: long loading bay, waiting for the edition. In the foreground
text: a large clock establishes the time as 8:10 PM. A rumbling
text: noise warns the men to take their positions; a few seconds
text: later the bales of newspapers come sliding the spiral chutes
text: onto the moving belts from which they are manhandled onto
text: the trucks. Much noise and shouting.
text: The front truck moves out to the city street. As it does
text: CAMERA EMPHASIZES the big poster on its side. The design
text: features a large pair of spectacles with heavy rims - a
text: trademark of Hunsecker's. (It will later be seen as the
dialog: masthead of the gossip column.)
dialog: "GO WITH THE GLOBE"
dialog: Read
scene_heading: J.J. HUNSECKER
dialog: "They eyes of Broadway"
scene_heading: EXT. BROADWAY - DUSK - N.Y.
text: The truck starts on its journey along Broadway. Some shots
text: are of the vehicle moving through very heavy traffic (taken
text: from a camera car). Others are from the inside of the
text: truck; as it slows down, the delivery man tosses the heavy
text: bundle of papers onto the sidewalk. CAMERA following the
text: truck, holds it in foreground against the blazing electric
text: signs of Broadway and Times Square.
scene_heading: EXT. BROADWAY - NIGHT
text: The southeast corner of the intersection of Broadway and
text: 46th Street, CAMERA, fairly high, shoots north towards the
text: impressive vista of electric signs, silhouetted against the
text: darkening sky. Very heavy traffic and crowded sidewalks.
text: CAMERA descends towards the Orange Juice stand on the
text: corner, passing the booth which sells souvenir hats. It
text: moves through the congestion of chattering passersby,
text: steadily approaching a smartly dressed young man, who stands
text: at the counter of the Orange Juice stand. Oblivious of the
text: hub-bub around him, SIDNEY FALCO is concerned only with his
dialog: private problems.
text: He turns sharply as a newspaper truck pulls up at the curb
text: behind him; this is what he has been waiting for...
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - NIGHT
text: The news truck delivery man tosses a bundle out onto the
text: sidewalk besides a newsstand.
speaker_heading: DETAIL
text: The bundle of newspapers. It hits the sidewalk with a smack.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK as Sidney Falco crosses the sidewalk. The
text: owner of the newsstand, IGGY, comes to pick up the bundle;
text: he is a grizzled gnome with a philosophical sense of humor;
text: Sidney snaps his fingers with impatience. Iggy wears
text: spectacles and is clearly more or less blind, he has to
text: grope for the cord that binds the papers.
speaker_heading: IGGY
dialog: Aw Lady, if I looked like you, I'd--
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: C'mon...C'mon...
speaker_heading: IGGY
dialog: (recognizing Sidney's voice)
dialog: Keep ya sweatshirt on, Sidney.
text: Majestically taking his time, Iggy lifts the bundle to his
text: stand and cuts the cord.
speaker_heading: IGGY
dialog: Hey, Fresh, the Globe just came
dialog: in -- Hey, Sidney, want an item for
dialog: Hunsecker's column? Two rolls get
dialog: fresh with a baker! Hey, hot, hot,
dialog: hot -- etc.
text: Annoyed, Sidney throws him a dime, seizes a paper and
text: returns briskly to the orange juice stand.
scene_heading: ORANGE JUICE STAND - NIGHT
text: Sidney's place at the crowded counter has been taken by
text: newcomers. Rudely, he recovers his half-consumed glass of
text: orange juice and sandwich. He takes them further down the
text: counter to a quieter corner at which he can examine the
text: paper. CAMERA MOVING WITH HIM, picks up further snatches of
text: overheard dialogue. (See dialogue attached at the end of the
text: scene) We move close enough to see Sidney's hands open the
text: paper expertly at HUNSECKER'S column - identifiable by the
text: picture of the spectacled eyes. Over scene there is a
text: babble of offstage dialogue.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP OF SIDNEY
text: His face is sullen as his eyes run rapidly down the column.
text: He is reacting to a not unexpected disappointment.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDNEY'S APARTMENT - BROADWAY - NIGHT
text: CAMERA SHOOTS WEST on 46th Street, as Sidney comes down the
text: side street from the newsstand in background. Irritably, he
text: jerks open the door of a shabby entrance. As the glass door
text: closes, Sidney is seen striding up the stairs.
scene_heading: FIRST FLOOR - OUTSIDE SIDNEY'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Beside the top of the stairs is the door to Sidney's office.
text: On it there is a cheaply printed cardboard sign which reads:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY FALCO
dialog: Publicity
text: From inside comes the sound of desultory typing. Sidney
text: comes up the stairs two at a time and turns into the door.
scene_heading: INT. SIDNEY'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: SALLY is on the phone as Sidney strides in.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Just a minute, Mr. Weldon. I
dialog: think...
text: Sidney vigorously indicates that he doesn't want to take the
dialog: call.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: I'm sorry. I thought that was Mr.
dialog: Falco returning. Yes, I'll tell
dialog: him when he comes in. I know he's
dialog: been trying to reach you.
text: She hangs up.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: That's the third time he's called
dialog: today.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: He wants me to break a leg?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (literally)
dialog: No, an arm, he said.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I told him you were sure the item
dialog: would be in Mr. Hunsecker's column
dialog: in tomorrow's...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (interrupting, sharply)
dialog: It isn't. I've just seen the early
dialog: edition.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: But what?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: That makes five days in a row that
dialog: Mr. Hunsecker's cut you out of his
dialog: column.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: May I rent you out as an adding
dialog: machine.
text: He has begun to change his clothes.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Get me Joe Robard.
text: Sally goes back into the outer room.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Who else phoned?
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: The renting agent and the tailor.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Pay the rent. Let the tailor wait.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: It won't leave much of a balance in
dialog: the bank...
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Mr. Robard? Could you locate him?
text: Sidney, in a state of semi-undress, comes to take the phone
dialog: from her.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (gloomily)
dialog: Watch me run a fifty yard dash with
dialog: my legs cut off!
text: Very abruptly, he comes alive on the phone. A real laughing
dialog: boy.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (effusively)
dialog: Sidney, Joe. How do you like it?
dialog: I'm running out of alibis! No, I
dialog: asked Hunsecker to withhold the
dialog: item, until he could give it a
dialog: fine, fat paragraph. The column
dialog: was running over and I didn't want
dialog: you kissed off with just a line...
scene_heading: INT. ROBARD'S CLUB - NIGHT
text: Robard is a stolid, secure man, balding and with a moustache.
text: He has a morose sense of humor. He is speaking from a
text: telephone on a little desk at the end of the bar. In
text: background, the Club is open, but there are few customers as
text: yet. Some recorded jazz is being played while the musicians
text: are still arriving, strolling past in background, depositing
text: their overcoats and music cases in the little closet assigned
dialog: to them.
speaker_heading: ROBARD
dialog: (in answer to Sidney)
dialog: Of course.
dialog: (he listens to
dialog: protest from Sidney)
dialog: What is this, Sidney, a kissing
dialog: game? You're a liar - that's a
dialog: publicity man's nature. I wouldn't
dialog: hire you if you wasn't a liar. I
dialog: pay you a C-and-a-half a week
dialog: wherein you plant big lies about me
text: and the Club all over the map.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: Yeah, I mean in that sense. But
dialog: also in the sense that you are a
dialog: personal liar, too, because you
dialog: don't do the work I pay you for.
dialog: (new protests on the
dialog: other end of the line)
dialog: Oh, stop it, Sidney. You're from
dialog: the country, not me.
speaker_heading: RESUME SIDNEY
text: Sally is watching him, unhappy on his behalf.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Now, wait a minute, Joe. When I
dialog: saw J.J. last night he said...
text: But Robard has cut off. Sidney hangs up. A silence. Sally
text: tries to be comforting.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I wish I could help in some way,
dialog: Sidney.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (aggressively)
dialog: Help me with two minutes of silence!
text: Sally, hurt, says nothing. Presently, he adds:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Go home, Sally. It's late...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I hate to see you like this --
text: Sidney, with another mercurial change of manner, begins some
text: sarcastic clowning.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (horsing around)
dialog: Yes, but as a new subscriber you're
dialog: under no obligation to take more
dialog: than three books. And if you mail
dialog: the enclosed card within ten days --
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (pleadingly)
dialog: Sidney, I know you by now. Don't
dialog: do a dance with me...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (still clowning)
dialog: You mean you don't want the extra
text: free gift of a colorful giant map
dialog: of the world???
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (distressed)
dialog: Sidney, please, dear, if you feel
dialog: nervous...
text: Sidney is abruptly savage.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (with cruelty)
dialog: So what'll you do if I feel nervous?
dialog: You'll open your meaty, sympathetic
dialog: arms...?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (breaking down)
dialog: Sid...you got me so...I don't know
dialog: what...
text: She is crying. Sidney feels uncomfortable. Not too
text: generously, he relents:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: You ought to be used to me by now.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (pathetically)
dialog: I'm used to you...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (with a touch of bitterness)
dialog: No. You think I'm a hero. I'm no
dialog: hero. I'm nice to people where it
dialog: pays me to be. I gotta do it too
dialog: much on the outside, so don't
dialog: expect me to kow-tow in my own
dialog: office. I'm in a bind right now
dialog: with Hunsecker so --
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Every dog has his day!
dialog: (going)
text: Lock up and leave the key.
text: The phone rings. Sidney is dressed by now. As Sally goes
text: for it, he makes for the outer door.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: If that's for me, tear it up!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Take a top coat.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: And leave a tip in every hat-check
dialog: room in town?
text: He is already gone as she picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Sidney Falco office... Oh, Miss
dialog: Kay, he tried to reach you. No,
dialog: he's at the barbers now. No,
dialog: that's held over till the Tuesday
dialog: column...
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELYSIAN ROOM - NIGHT
text: The quintet. As the dissolve clears, a clatter of polite
text: applause greets the end of a previous number. CAMERA is on
text: the bandstand, moving smoothly through the group of five
text: musicians as the rhythm of a new number is set up: first the
text: leader (a guitarist) snaps his fingers, giving the tempo
text: to...the bass, who "walks" with the beat, bringing in...the
text: drums, which start a quiet, insistent wire-brush background
text: for...the cello and the flute, whose introductory phrases,
dialog: set the stage for...
speaker_heading: STEVE DALLAS
text: ...the guitar, the leader again. It comes in after this
text: short preamble with the first statement of melody. (The tune
text: has a faint echo of significance because it is one of the
text: themes of the film, already heard as a phrase in the
text: background score of the title music.) CAMERA lingers a
text: moment on the guitarist, STEVE DALLAS. He is a youth of
text: pleasant, intelligent appearance. He plays with the intent
text: air of the contemporary jazz musician who takes his work
dialog: very seriously indeed and affects a much greater interest in
text: the music and his fellow musicians than in the listening
dialog: audience.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: A close shot. Sidney has just entered the club, strolling
text: into the vestibule near the entrance. He wears an expression
text: of oddly unsuitable antagonism, as he looks forward...
speaker_heading: DALLAS
text: Seen in long shot from Sidney's viewpoint. CAMERA moves to
text: include Sidney in foreground again. He turns as he is
text: accosted by RITA, the cigarette girl of the club. She is a
text: pert creature, attractive and not unaware of the fact.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Don't you ever get messages,
dialog: Eyelashes? I called you twice.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (irked)
dialog: I've been up to here. Listen,
dialog: honey, tell me something. You know
dialog: Susan Hunsecker...?
dialog: (Rita nods)
dialog: Has she been in? I mean lately, in
dialog: the last coupla days...?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I don't think so.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: You're sure. Find out for me.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (with a nod)
dialog: Sidney, can I talk to you a minute?
text: Rita wears an injured air. Sidney, preoccupied with other
text: worries, callously ignores it.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Is Frank D'Angelo around?
speaker_heading: RITA
text: At the bar - Sidney...
text: But Sidney has moved away from her.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
text: He is at the bar, listening with satisfaction to the music,
text: watching the performers and studying the audience. Sidney
text: comes up behind him. We see Sidney's eyes flick from
text: D'Angelo towards the bandstand and back again. Then, as he
text: takes the stool next to D'Angelo, he assumes a different
text: manner, a sulky resentment. D'Angelo sees Sidney.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (to the bartender)
dialog: Joe, give my nephew a drink.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (sullen)
dialog: Your nephew doesn't want a drink.
text: D'Angelo is still watching the quintet. The guitar can be
dialog: heard again.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Shooting past D'Angelo and Sidney towards the bandstand.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: That's a lollipop that, boy. The
dialog: kid is only great.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: And with ten percent of his future,
dialog: you're great, too, Frank.
text: D'Angelo looks quickly at Sidney, sensing the undercurrent.
text: Then he turns his back on the musicians, remarking in a
text: quiet tone.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: Went over to Philly yesterday an'
dialog: seen the folks...it's nice you send
dialog: them the fifty a month...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: See my mother?
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: I only had a few hours.
text: A glum moment. Frank sips his highball: Sidney lights a
text: cigarette, animosity on his face.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: Thanks for the publicity spread you
dialog: got the boys for the benefit
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (begrudgingly)
dialog: Robard's my client. I did it for
dialog: him and his club, not your boys.
text: Frank again notes Sidney's resentful manner. Sidney looks
text: towards the musicians.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Frank, I think maybe you lied to me.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Looka, Sidney, you're my own
dialog: sister's son, but where does that
dialog: give you the right to call me a liar?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (looking towards Steve)
dialog: You told me that your boy was
text: washed up with Susie Hunsecker,
dialog: didn't you?
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: Yeah, and it's the truth, to the
dialog: best of my knowledge. And, frankly,
dialog: I'm glad. For Steve's sake, I'm
dialog: glad, not yours. I manage these
dialog: boys and I got their best interests
dialog: at heart. Steve shouldn't get
text: mixed up with no bimbo at his age.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (narrowly)
dialog: You told him that?
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: Not in those exact words - you know
dialog: what a temper he's got.
text: A pause. Sidney is thinking.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: When do these hot-headed boys of
dialog: yours go on the road?
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: Coupla weeks. For eight weeks.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: That's a nice tour. All booked?
dialog: (Frank nodding)
dialog: When was Susie around here last?
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: Four five nights ago. That's how I
dialog: know the romance is off. Also
text: Steve's in a very bad mood.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (abruptly)
dialog: Listen, Frank, you'd better make
dialog: sure you're telling me the truth.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: I don't like this threatening
dialog: attitude. When it comes to it,
dialog: what the heck is it your business
dialog: what they do, this boy and girl...
speaker_heading: RITA
text: Locating Sidney, she comes up behind him. He turns away
text: from D'Angelo as she whispers to him. As she departs,
text: Sidney turns back.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: If you knew Hunsecker as well as I
dialog: did, you might understand why it's
dialog: my business. Maybe you're walking
text: around blind, Frank, without a cane.
text: Sidney gets off his stool. Casually, but to effect, he adds:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: ...and in case you didn't know it,
dialog: Susie Hunsecker's out there on the
dialog: back step right now.
text: He turns away, glancing towards Steve on the bandstand
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
text: He looks disturbed.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BACKSTAGE AND COURTYARD
text: From D'Angelo's point of view. CAMERA LOOKS UP at Steve.
text: The Quintet is now reaching the end of the number, a driving
text: rhythm of considerable excitement. A waiter passes in f.g.
text: and the CAMERA CRANES BACK through the curtained doorway to
text: the backstage part of the club. This movement is continued
text: as we see some other employees, including Jerry Wiggins, the
text: intermission pianist, who is waiting in the corridor near
text: the fire-exit. As he steps out of the door to discard a
scene_heading: cigarette, CAMERA AGAIN CONTINUES ITS MOVEMENT, CRANING BACK
text: AND DOWNWARD into the little courtyard. Here, it discovers
text: the figure of a young woman who is waiting in the shadow
text: near the steps of the fire-escape, listening to the music.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: This is SUSAN HUNSECKER. She wears an expensive mink coat.
text: It is oddly in contrast with her personality; the face is
text: sensitive and intelligent, but childlike and tragic. A girl
text: in adolescence already burdened with problems beyond her
text: capacity. Over scene, the music continues. Susan shifts
text: her position, knowing that the session will soon be at an
text: end and that the musicians will be coming backstage.
scene_heading: INT. ELYSIAN ROOM
text: Steve is playing the last bars of the number; the whole
text: group now in unison.
speaker_heading: QUINTET
text: The music comes sharply, dramatically to its finish. There
text: is some applause. The boys relax. Steve reaches for the
text: microphone and in the characteristically casual manner of
text: the "cool" musician, announces the end of the set, thanking
text: the audience, identifying the quintet by name and introducing
text: the intermission pianist. During this, Carson, Chico and
text: Paul wander off the bandstand behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKSTAGE AND COURTYARD
text: Chico, Paul and Carson come through to the corridor backstage.
text: As they do so, Chico, glancing out of the open door sees
text: Susan in the courtyard. He goes out onto the fire-escape;
text: Paul following behind.
speaker_heading: CHICO
dialog: Hi! Susie...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Hello, Chico. Paul.
speaker_heading: CHICO
dialog: (to Paul)
dialog: Throw a rope round this chick while
dialog: I go get Steve.
text: Chico goes swiftly back into the club. Paul remains with
text: Susan. There is a momentary silence; Paul is embarrassed
text: because Susan is. Susan makes an effort at conversation,
text: she nods towards the club.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Full house...?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Packin' 'em in.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB
text: Steve has been trapped by a young woman in spectacles, a
text: much-too-earnest devotee of progressive jazz.
speaker_heading: DEVOTEE
dialog: I'm terribly interested in jazz --
dialog: serious jazz. You studied with
dialog: Milhaud, didn't you? This is such
dialog: an interesting fusion of the
dialog: traditional, classical form with
dialog: the new progressive style, I just
dialog: wanted to ask you how you came to
dialog: form the group...-
speaker_heading: CHICO
text: He comes through the curtains of the doorway, pausing as he
text: sees that Steve is involved with the Intellectual Young Woman.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Steve glancing at Chico over the shoulder of the Intellectual
text: Young Woman. Seeing that Chico has something to say to him,
text: he wriggles out of the young woman's clutches by passing the
text: buck to the unfortunate to Fred Katz, who is descending from
text: the bandstand behind him.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Well, we just sort of got together.
dialog: (turning to introduce Fred)
dialog: Maybe if you ask Mr. Katz...He
dialog: writes the stuff, you know.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (blankly)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: RESUME CHICO
text: Steve joins Chico and they go through the curtains into the
text: corridor outside.
speaker_heading: CORRIDOR
text: Chico, smiling, explains:
speaker_heading: CHICO
dialog: Don't waste your time there, man.
dialog: You've got something better waiting
dialog: outside...
text: (as Steve looks at him)
dialog: Susie's out there.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: His reaction betrays some emotion. (Over scene the
text: intermission pianist has begun to play a Blues number.)
text: Steve moves a quick step towards the door to the courtyard,
text: then hesitates - almost as if he was afraid to go out. He
text: meets Chico's eye again.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: What did she say...?
speaker_heading: CHICO
text: He is amused, but sympathetic.
speaker_heading: CHICO
dialog: You proposed to her, not me.
dialog: (slapping him on the back)
dialog: Go get your answer...
speaker_heading: COURTYARD
text: Susan, waiting at the foot of the iron steps, turns as Steve
text: comes out on the fire escape above. Steve comes quickly
text: down the steps towards her, slowing down when he gets a few
text: paces away from her.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: She looks up at Steve.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: A CLOSE SHOT. In his expression we read his mute inquiry...
speaker_heading: RESUME SUSAN
text: Quite deliberately, with her eyes moistened by love and
text: affection...she nods.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Great relief and happiness can be seen in the boy's face.
text: After a moment, he moves to her and she to him. They
text: embrace swiftly, hold each other close and then kiss with
text: passion. Presently, when the kiss is over, Susan speaks
text: softly.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: Steve...I'll...I'll try to make a
dialog: good wife.
text: Steve is still too choked with relief to speak. For answer,
text: he clasps her more tightly to him. The beam of light which
text: falls on the iron stairs behind them, narrows and then is
dialog: extinguished...
speaker_heading: CORRIDOR
text: Paul has closed the door. Turning, he shares a look with
text: the grinning Chico and Fred Katz who has managed to escape
text: from the young woman. Before there is time for either of
text: them to make a remark, Sidney comes through the curtains
dialog: from the Club.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Hi, Fellows. Where's the Chief?
text: Sidney's manner is very friendly. But it is immediately
text: apparent from the reaction of the other three boys that none
text: of them likes Sidney. Fred is deliberately uncomprehending.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (who gets the point)
dialog: Dallas. Is he around?
text: Chico's back is to the closed door which opens onto the
text: courtyard. Chico nods in the opposite direction towards the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: CHICO
dialog: (unhelpfully)
dialog: Yeah, he's around somewhere.
dialog: Upstairs, maybe.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (coldly, as he goes)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: COURTYARD
text: Steve and Susan are still embracing. Steve is exultantly
text: proud and happy.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (incoherent)
dialog: This is big, you know. Very big!
dialog: Let's go out later, drink some
text: firewater. With the boys. Fred
dialog: can call Millie and -
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Steve, I'd rather you didn't say
dialog: anything for a day or two...until I
dialog: tell my brother...
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: His sobering reaction shows this is something important.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: You haven't told him yet...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I'm telling him in the morning
dialog: after breakfast.
speaker_heading: STEVE AND SUSAN
text: Turning her head, she makes a little gesture, an unconscious
text: movement, putting her fingers to her brow as if feeling a
dialog: headache.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: He isn't going to like it.
text: Susan says nothing. She looks to Steve, smiling, but the
text: smile is not too confident.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You sure you don't want me to be
dialog: with you...?
text: Susan stoutly shakes her head. Defensively she reassures
dialog: Steve:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Steve, my brother isn't as bad as
dialog: he's painted. He isn't perfect,
dialog: but -
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: But he isn't going to like this,
dialog: Susie. And he makes you nervous,
dialog: not me. No, I take that back - he
dialog: makes me nervous, too. But I
dialog: wouldn't give him a second thought
dialog: if not for you.
text: The topic evidently makes Susan uneasy. In an effort to
text: dismiss something that she does not want to think about,
text: Susan puts her arms around Steve's neck again.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Let's forget him and -
text: But Steve is not so ready to change the subject.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: His stooge, Falco, is around - I
text: saw him walk in.
dialog: (soberly)
dialog: He's been spying on me for weeks,
dialog: Susie.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (quickly, perhaps too quickly)
dialog: Darling, I don't care - really I
dialog: don't. Sidney'd had a secret crush
dialog: on me for years, but nothing we do
dialog: is his business -
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (gently insisting)
dialog: But he could be reporting back to
dialog: your brother, couldn't he?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Steve, dear, please forget all of
dialog: this. What can it matter after
dialog: tomorrow?
text: Now Steve responds. He grins, holds her closer.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I have a message for you; I love
dialog: you.
dialog: (kissing her lightly)
dialog: May I dedicate the next number to
dialog: you?...And the next, and the next.
dialog: Every Sunday I'll buy you a new
dialog: bonnet -
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (amused, but moved)
dialog: If the stores are open -
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: And on Monday, I'll take it off and
dialog: stroke your light brown hair and -
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: And on Tuesday - Hasenpfeffer.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (abruptly grinning)
dialog: How do you think I realized I love
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I made you write a beautiful song...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: No, you had me eating that Chinese
dialog: food!...
text: They laugh and enjoyably; but then, as the CAMERA MOVES, we
text: realize that Sidney is there on the fire escape above them;
text: his manner is affable.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Can more than two enjoy this joke...
dialog: (to Susan)
dialog: Hello, Susie, I didn't expect to
dialog: find you here.
text: Steve says nothing. But he obviously resents the intrusion
text: and finds it difficult to conceal the fact. Sidney comes
text: down the fire escape towards them.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Where's those glossy prints you
dialog: promised? Tonight's the latest I
dialog: can place them -
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (barely polite)
dialog: Well, thanks, anyway - let's forget
dialog: it.
dialog: (to Susan)
dialog: It's cold out here, Susie.
text: Steve makes a move to lead Susan back inside. It is a
text: gesture which appears to dismiss Sidney. Sidney chooses to
dialog: take umbrage:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (lightly sarcastic)
dialog: Let me apologize for getting you
dialog: that press spread. It's been an
dialog: honor to serve you gratis.
text: Steve turns to Sidney; his manner is quiet but challenging:
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (levelly)
dialog: I get the feeling, Falco, that
dialog: you're always snooping around...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (quickly intervening)
dialog: Steve, stop it please...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Frank D'Angelo has followed Sidney out onto the fire escape;
text: other members of the Quintet have also appeared.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: What are you boys fighting about?
text: Aggressively indignant, Sidney throws up his hands; he
text: knocks on the metal of the fire escape.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Kill me! Find me a door somewhere -
dialog: I walked in without knocking!
text: Sidney is trying to needle Steve; Steve's temper would
text: normally have exploded; but now he controls it.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I'm feeling too good to fight with
dialog: you, but that isn't what I said - I
dialog: said you snoop. For instance, what
dialog: were you doing around my hotel the
dialog: other night?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (needling)
dialog: Begging your pardon, I haven't been
dialog: down the bowery in years!
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (soothingly)
dialog: Come on boys, break it up...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (overriding D'Angelo)
dialog: The next time you want information,
dialog: Falco, don't scratch for it like a
dialog: dog - ask for it like a man!
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: His face tightens; he appears to be mortally insulted and
text: controlling himself with difficulty. He turns his back
text: swiftly on Steve, addressing Susan in a voice that has a
text: sharp edge.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: If you're going home, Susie, I'll
dialog: drop you off...
text: Sidney starts quickly up the fire escape. This makes Steve
text: angry and he steps forward to follow him. But Chico
text: contrives, without seeming to interfere to obstruct Steve.
speaker_heading: CHICO
dialog: (easily)
dialog: Time for the next set, Chief...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Just a minute, Chico.
speaker_heading: CORRIDOR
text: Sidney comes inside. When he is out of sight or the group
text: in the courtyard, his manner swiftly changes. It's obvious
text: now that his indignation was assumed; now he looks back
text: towards the courtyard and there is shrewdness in his eyes;
text: he is assessing Steve's temper. But, presently, seeing
text: D'Angelo and the boys returning, he moves back to the
text: curtains into the Club.
speaker_heading: COURTYARD
text: As D'Angelo and the other boys go inside, Steve turns back
dialog: to Susan.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (fondly)
dialog: Just so you don't leave me in a
dialog: minor key.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB
text: Rita has succeeded in recapturing Sidney near the entrance
text: to the club. Sidney, alert and interested, listens to her
text: while keeping his eye on the bandstand in b.g. where the
text: intermission pianist is finishing his performance and the
text: quintet are returning, ready to mount the bandstand again.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Don't tell me you started a polka
dialog: with Leo Bartha?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: No. That's what I mean - I'm being
dialog: fired for what I didn't do.
text: Sidney is amused. Rita continues in a confidential manner
text: which is heavily loaded with sex appeal and not-very-
text: convincing air of injury.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (soto voce)
dialog: He came in last week on a very dull
dialog: rainy night. I know who he was,
dialog: but I didn't let on.
dialog: (emphatically)
text: He didn't take his eyes off me all
dialog: night. Listening...?
text: Rita has mistaken Sidney's shrewdly calculating expression
dialog: for inattention.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: Avidly. He was staring.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (continuing)
text: Staring. Consequently, when he
dialog: approached me on his way out I
dialog: wasn't surprised, but I didn't let
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (prompting)
dialog: He was writing a special Sunday
dialog: piece on...?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: ...cigarette girls... And naturally -
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: You were thrilled to be interviewed.
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: Were you "interviewed"?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: In his apartment -
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: And where was his wife?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I don't know - it's a big apartment.
dialog: But I wasn't interviewed. In fact,
dialog: I was totally unprepared for what
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (grimacing)
dialog: We're old friends, Chickie - quit
dialog: it! A big columnist comes in this
text: room, without his ball-and-chain
dialog: and you make like a delicatessen
dialog: counter! What did you think would
dialog: happen in his house?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (with a nod)
dialog: But, Sidney darling, the man must
dialog: be out of his mind - it was only
dialog: eleven o'clock in the morning!
text: Despite himself, Sidney chuckles; but she is distressed.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: For a moment I was so taken aback
dialog: that I said anything that popped
dialog: into my sleepy head. If I'm not
dialog: mistaken, I even ordered the man
text: out of his own house.
text: Sidney's eyes have been caught by something at the other end
text: of the big room.
speaker_heading: STEVE AND SUSAN
text: From Sidney's viewpoint. Susan has come back into the club
text: with Steve and seems to be taking leave of him. She starts
text: to walk through the club on her way out.
scene_heading: RESUME SIDNEY AND RITA
text: Sidney, with half his attention on Susan and Steve, listens
text: to Rita's rueful protest.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (rapidly)
dialog: He was furious and, by the time I
dialog: could have put on a Tropical Island
dialog: mood, I was out on the street!...
dialog: (dolefully)
dialog: That night Mr. Van Cleve calls me
dialog: into his office here. He's got
dialog: nothing against me, he says but he
dialog: can't afford to antagonize
dialog: columnists. I told him I still
dialog: have Sonny at military academy, but
dialog: Van Cleve's made of ice...
text: Aware that Sidney is moving to leave her so that he can
text: catch Susan, Rita detains him with an appeal:
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (tentative)
dialog: Do you think you could do something,
dialog: Sidney?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (a quick nod)
dialog: That's what I'm thinking, Rita.
dialog: Maybe...
text: Rita is anxious to cement the offer. Delicately, she asks:
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Do you still keep your key under
dialog: the mat?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (eyeing her)
dialog: Can you be there by two-thirty?
text: She drops her eyes, nods. Sidney pats her arm and is gone.
text: She looks after him.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY AND SUSAN
text: Sidney overtakes Susan at the front entrance in time to open
text: the door for her. He has now reverted to another mood in
text: which he appears to be sulking over the insult delivered to
text: him by Steve. He goes out ahead of her.
speaker_heading: BANDSTAND
text: The quintet are resuming their positions on the stand.
text: Steve lingers a moment, his guitar already in his hand while
text: he talks to D'Angelo.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Frank, I don't want any secrets
dialog: from you. I proposed to Susie
dialog: tonight.
text: D'Angelo hides his feelings, asks:
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: Did she accept?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You don't like it, do you. I think
dialog: she will accept, but I'm not sure.
dialog: She may be too dependent on her
dialog: brother.
text: He mounts the bandstand.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (solemnly)
dialog: Lots of good people in this town
dialog: are dependent on her brother...
text: Steve sits on the stool, quietly gives the beat to his group
text: and begins at once the guitar opening of a very simple and
dialog: lonely melody. (The Sage.)
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: While D'Angelo watches him, the boy continues. CAMERA
text: tracks slowly back through the club as the chatter and
text: babble of the customers begins to diminish in appreciation
text: of the quiet melancholy of the music.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE ELYSIAN ROOM
text: Susan is standing beside the poster which features Steve,
text: listening to the music from inside the club. Sidney comes
text: to join her. He is now pretending to be hurt.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You're touchy, Sidney - don't be so
dialog: touchy...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (gruffly)
dialog: I wasn't looking for a brawl. I
dialog: came to bring him a present.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Wanna bite to eat?
text: Susan shakes her head. She looks up as she hears the
text: doorman's whistle off screen. Sidney moves forward to
text: escort her to the taxi.
speaker_heading: LONGER SHOT
text: They cross the sidewalk and get into the cab. It starts off
text: and CAMERA PANS with it.
speaker_heading: INSIDE CAB
text: Susan is relaxed, content but thoughtful. Sidney flicks her
text: a quick, anxious look. Finally, gloomily:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Feels like a Monday night, don't
dialog: it...?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Not to me. Sometimes, the world
text: feels like a cage. Then someone
text: comes along and opens the door...and
dialog: it's never Monday night again...
dialog: (turning to Sidney)
dialog: I wish you and Steve could like
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (grimacing)
dialog: We stick in each others craw.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Yes, but why?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Well, for one thing, he thinks J.J.
dialog: is some kind of monster.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: Quizzically, she studies Sidney.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Don't you?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: He looks up sharply, (he is momentarily startled at Susan's
text: insight.) Swiftly, he assumes a protesting air.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Susie, your brother's one of my
dialog: best friends, and -
speaker_heading: RESUME SUSAN
text: She is not totally convinced by this performance. She
text: smiles skeptically.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I know. But someday I'd like to
dialog: look into your clever mind and see
dialog: what you REALLY think of him -
scene_heading: RESUME SIDNEY AND SUSAN
text: Sidney makes a show of indignation.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Where do you come off to make a
dialog: remark like that?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Who could love a man who keeps
text: jumping through burning hoops, like
dialog: a trained poodle?
text: Sidney doesn't immediately answer. Susan drops her eyes,
text: becoming absorbed in her own problems. Cautiously, Sidney
text: lets the momentary silence continue. Then:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: Do you think J.J. likes Steve...?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (glibly)
dialog: Frankly, yes, to my surprise. He
dialog: thinks he's very gifted - those
dialog: boys'll go a big mile, he thinks.
text: Susan says nothing. Sidney, watching her closely, probes
dialog: further:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: You feel pretty strong about this
dialog: boy?
text: A pause. Then Susan nods. She is not looking at Sidney and
text: cannot see the watchfulness in his face. Sidney prompts
dialog: again:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Wedding bells, you mean?
text: Again Susan nods.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: He wants me to go on the road with
dialog: them. It's an eight month tour,
dialog: all the way to Oregon...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: The news has considerable impact on him. But he hides it,
dialog: saying lightly:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Well, congratulations. But don't
dialog: go just for the ride! Or didn't
dialog: you accept the proposal?
scene_heading: RESUME SUSAN AND SIDNEY
text: Susan continues.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I'm going to discuss it with J.J.
text: in the morning.
text: A pause. Each is concerned with private thoughts. Susan,
dialog: relaxed, adds quietly:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: It's given me a big lift to know
dialog: that some people want me for
dialog: myself, not just because I'm my
dialog: brother's sister.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Chickie, I'll have to laugh at
dialog: that - an attractive girl like
dialog: you...!
text: Susan ignores his remark, continuing thoughtfully:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I hope that J.J. really likes
dialog: Steve, that it isn't an act.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (with an indignant edge)
dialog: Why should he put on an act? Your
dialog: brother has told PRESIDENTS where
dialog: to go and what to do!
text: The taxi has pulled to a stop. Susan sits for a moment
text: before she remarks.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: The act would be for my sake, not
dialog: Steve's...
text: Realizing that they have come to their destination, Susan
text: gets up, moving out of CAMERA as she disembarks from the
text: taxi. CAMERA catches a glimpse of apprehension in Sidney's
text: eyes. Quickly, he decides to follow her.
scene_heading: EXT. BROADWAY
text: Susan, getting out of the taxi, moves past CAMERA. Sidney,
text: following her, instructs the driver.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (to cabbie)
dialog: Wait for me. I'll be right back.
speaker_heading: LONGER SHOT
text: Sidney moves after the girl, calling: "Susie!"
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: Hearing him, Susan turns back. Sidney walks into shot to
dialog: join her.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: It's not my nature, Susie, but I'll
dialog: talk to you like an uncle...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: But I don't need an uncle, Sidney.
text: They move through the doors.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Sidney quickly corrects himself, saying earnestly:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: No, I mean because I admire you -
dialog: in fact, more than admire you -
dialog: although that's neither here nor
dialog: there.
dialog: (quickly skipping to
dialog: the important point)
dialog: Susie, don't sell your brother
dialog: short. Talk this over with him, I
dialog: mean - you'll find him a real friend.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: Susan looks thoughtful, making no comment.
scene_heading: RESUME SIDNEY AND SUSAN
text: Carefully (again probing) he prompts her:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Any message, in case I see J.J.
dialog: later?
text: Susan turns away and walks out past CAMERA. Sidney watches
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: She looks back at Sidney, quietly firm.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Yes. Tell him for me that Steve
dialog: Dallas is the first real man I've
dialog: ever been in love with...
text: She turns away and walks through the inner door, going down
text: the corridor towards the elevators in background.
speaker_heading: RESUME SIDNEY
text: The sincerity of the girl's manner strikes home to Sidney.
text: Now that her back is turned we see the sharp twinge of pain
text: with which he hears the statement of her feelings for
text: another man. Angered, he wheels, striding out of the door
text: onto Broadway.
scene_heading: EXT. BROADWAY
text: Sidney returns to the cab, instructing the driver:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: The Twenty One Club.
text: He climbs in and the taxi drives off down Broadway.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TWENTY ONE CLUB - NIGHT
text: CAMERA HIGH, SHOOTING WEST down 52nd Street, as Sidney's cab
text: pulls up, double parking in front of the 21 Club. Sidney
text: maneuvers his way between the parked cars towards the
text: entrance and the CAMERA DESCENDS to SHOOT ALONG the courtyard
text: towards the entrance. We see the figure of Jimmy Weldon and
text: his girl friend coming out of the Club.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - NIGHT
text: Jimmy Weldon is coming out of the Club accompanied by a
text: girl; he is slightly tight. As he steps through the outer
text: doors, Weldon again spies Sidney on the sidewalk; he steps
text: to one side of the entrance way.
text: Sidney slips through the congestion, but just as he tries to
text: enter the Club, Weldon's hand shoots out, neatly ambushing
text: him, pulling him aside into the narrow courtyard. Sidney is
text: instantly resentful of this manhandling, but has to adjust
text: himself, assuming a quick smile for the benefit of Weldon.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Jimmy! This is a coincidence. I
dialog: am just going -
speaker_heading: WELDON
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: Yeah. A coincidence you should run
dialog: into the very man you've been
dialog: ducking all week!
dialog: (to the girl)
dialog: This is my press agent, Joan.
text: Weldon, jibing at Sidney, plays his remarks off the girl,
text: who is amused; Sidney, of course, is not.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: I tried to reach you twice -
speaker_heading: WELDON
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: What do you do for that hundred a
dialog: week. Fall out of bed?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Jimmy, I'm on my way inside right
dialog: now to talk to Hunsecker. I can
dialog: promise you -
speaker_heading: WELDON
dialog: (horsing)
dialog: Joan, call a cop! We'll arrest
dialog: this kid for larceny!
text: Sidney flinches, his pride touched.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Listen, when your band was playing
dialog: at Roseland -
speaker_heading: WELDON
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: That was two months ago. Take your
dialog: hand out of my pocket, thief!
text: The girl tries to quiet Weldon, who has gone from horsing to
text: loud contempt.
speaker_heading: THE GIRL
dialog: Take it easy, Jimmy dear...
speaker_heading: WELDON
dialog: (indignantly)
dialog: Why? It's a dirty job, but I pay
dialog: clean money for it, don't I?
text: Abruptly Sidney bursts out, giving as good as he has taken:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: No more you don't! What is this -
dialog: You're showing off for her? They're
dialog: supposed to hear you in Korea?
speaker_heading: WELDON
dialog: (smirking to the girl)
text: He's intuitive - he knows he's
dialog: getting fired!
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: If you're funny, James, I'm a
dialog: pretzel! Drop dead!
text: Weldon, shepherded by the girl, is already on his way across
dialog: the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: WELDON
dialog: It was nice knowing you, Sidney.
dialog: Not cheap - but nice. Happy
dialog: unemployment insurance.
scene_heading: INT. TWENTY ONE CLUB - NIGHT
text: Sidney, entering the Club, threads his way through the
text: crowded foyer, coming up to CAMERA near the foot of the
text: staircase. There he meets a Captain who turns to him.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: How are you tonight, Mr. Falco?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (nodding towards the restaurant)
dialog: Is "he" inside?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: But of course...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Alone or surrounded?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: A Senator, an Agent and Something -
dialog: With - Long - Red - Hair.
text: Sidney moves past CAMERA, coming a couple of paces towards
text: the door to the restaurant. He pauses.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: From Sidney's viewpoint. Shooting through the doorway into
text: the restaurant, we can see the group at the table.
text: (Hunsecker's back is turned to us.) CAMERA PULLS BACK to
text: include Sidney in foreground. He decides not to go into
text: restaurant and turns away out of shot.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE
text: Sidney comes round the corner from the foyer and walks
text: through the lounge to the door into the alcove where the
text: phone booths are, CAMERA PANNING.
speaker_heading: PHONE BOOTHS
text: Sidney moves briskly past the girl at the switchboard,
dialog: instructing her:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Honey, get me Mr. Hunsecker.
text: The girl reaches for a book of phone numbers, then remembers:
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
text: He's right inside, Mr. Falco.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (from inside the booth)
dialog: So it isn't Long Distance.
text: As the girl, shrugging, puts through the call, CAMERA moves
text: closer to Sidney in the booth. He hears the connection
text: made, speaks at once.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: J.J.? It's me --
text: We are close enough to the instrument to hear the sound of a
text: voice on the other end. Though the words are not
text: distinguishable, it is quite clear that the speaker is not
text: talking to the phone. Sidney seems to relax, as if this is
text: something that happens often. He waits, studying his
text: manicured fingertips...
text: Presently Sidney hears the voice on the other end become
text: clearer. It asks: "Yes?" CAMERA moves closer as Sidney says:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: J.J., it's Sidney. Can you come
dialog: outside for one minute?
text: Hunsecker's voice, filtered through the sound of the
text: telephone, is sharp and tiny; but the words are now very
text: clear.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER (O.S.)
dialog: Can I come out? No.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (tensely)
dialog: I have to talk to you, alone, J.J.,
dialog: that's why.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER (O.S.)
dialog: You had something to do for me -
dialog: you didn't do it.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Can I come in for a minute?
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER (O.S.)
dialog: No. You're dead, son - get yourself
dialog: buried!
text: There is a click as Hunsecker hangs up. Sidney, more
text: slowly, also hangs up. Brooding, he comes out of the booth.
scene_heading: INT. TWENTY ONE CLUB - LOUNGE
text: Sidney comes out of the door to the phone booths, walks
text: through the lounge to the hallway. He turns towards the
dialog: dining room.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Sidney comes to the door into the dining room, CAMERA
text: tracking with him. Here he pauses, looking towards...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: From Sidney's viewpoint. Hunsecker is seated at a table
text: which is cleverly his habitual position. We see him only in
text: semi-back view, a broad and powerful back. He is listening
text: to a man who has paused at his table, stooping over Hunsecker
text: to whisper in his ear. As the columnist listens, his hands
text: play with an omni-present pad and pencil which lie on the
text: dinner table amongst an assortment of envelopes, mimeographed
text: sheets and a telephone. Beyond Hunsecker and the man
text: talking to him are the SENATOR, the AGENT, and an attractive,
dialog: if fatuous GIRL.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: I'll check it in the morning, Low -
dialog: thanks.
text: The man leaves; Hunsecker is scribbling a note on the pad.
text: Meanwhile the Senator whispers something to the girl, who
text: giggles softly.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Sidney comes across to the table, nervous but deliberate.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to include Hunsecker in foreground.
text: Sidney, without accosting him, stands a few feet from the
text: columnist's elbow and deliberately lights a cigarette.
text: Hunsecker, barely turning his head, sees him. We have heard
text: of Hunsecker as a monster, but he is evidently in a mild
text: phase of his metabolism, for he seems gentle, sad and quiet,
text: as he turns his gaze casually to the Senator, totally
text: ignoring the young man who stands behind him.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Harvey, I often wish I were dead
dialog: and wore a hearing aid...with a
dialog: simple flick of a switch I could
text: shut out the greedy murmur of
dialog: little men...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: A close shot. Sidney shows no reaction to this insult. He
text: steps in closer, an Indian fixity in his face.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: J.J., I need your ear for two
dialog: minutes...
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Shooting across Sidney, onto Hunsecker. J.J. turns - but
text: not to Sidney. He raises his hand in a small gesture which
text: summons a passing Captain, who steps into picture at Sidney's
dialog: elbow.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Mac! I don't want this man at my
dialog: table...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (quickly but quietly interrupting)
dialog: I have a message from your sister.
text: The Captain is already there. But now Hunsecker's eyes have
text: switched to Sidney's face. For the briefest of moments,
text: nothing happens. Then Hunsecker, seeming to relax and
text: ignoring the Captain whom he has summoned, turns back to
text: casual conversation with the Senator as if nothing had
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Forgive me, Harvey. We were
dialog: interrupted before -
text: In foreground, Sidney turns to the Captain with a carved
text: smile, indicating that Hunsecker's change of topic is to be
dialog: interpreted as sanction for Sidney to remain. The Captain,
text: not entirely convinced, retreats. Sidney finds himself a
text: chair, places it and takes a seat which is near enough to
dialog: the table to establish his presence. During this:
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (who is mildly
text: surprised and faintly embarrassed)
dialog: Err...the Supreme Court story, I
dialog: was telling you - Justice Black.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Yes, the Justice, that's right.
dialog: But I think you had it in the column.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (smoothly, casually)
dialog: Last July, the lead item...
text: Sidney's interjection is quietly well-mannered. Hunsecker
text: totally ignores it. The other members of the party are a
text: little astonished at the interplay. The girl, in particular,
text: is fascinated; she clearly admires Sidney's looks. The
text: Senator, noting this, glances at Sidney, accepting the point:
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: And I believe that's precisely
dialog: where I read it, too. You see,
dialog: J.J., where I get my reputation for
dialog: being the best-informed man in
dialog: Washington.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Now don't kid a kidder.
scene_heading: THE SENATOR, THE GIRL, AND THE AGENT
text: The girl looks again towards Sidney. The Senator again sees
text: this, addresses Sidney pleasantly.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: I don't think we caught your name,
text: young man.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Group shot. The Senator in foreground, Sidney beyond
text: Hunsecker in background, and the others on edge of shot.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Sidney Falco, sir. And, of course,
dialog: everyone knows and admires you,
dialog: Senator Walker.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (humorously)
dialog: Every four years I get less
dialog: convinced of that. This young lady
dialog: is Miss Linda James.
dialog: (indicates the Girl)
dialog: She's managed by Manny Davis.
dialog: (he indicates the Agent)
scene_heading: SIDNEY AND HUNSECKER
text: Sidney nods pleasantly to the Girl and the Agent.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: I know Manny Davis.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Everyone knows Manny Davis...
text: (as the phone rings
dialog: on the table)
dialog: ...except MRS. Manny Davis.
text: Hunsecker is picking up the phone, continuing:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Yes? Go ahead, Billy - shoot...
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: To intercut with the above. The Senator, the Agent and the
text: Girl watching Hunsecker. The Agent's reaction to Hunsecker's
text: remark is a sickly smile.
scene_heading: RESUME HUNSECKER
text: He repeats aloud a story which is told him over the telephone.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Uh huh. Sports cars in California
dialog: are getting smaller and
dialog: smaller...the other day you were
text: crossing Hollywood Boulevard and
dialog: you were hit by one...you had to go
dialog: to the hospital and have it
dialog: removed...
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: You're not following the column: I
dialog: had it last week.
text: During the speech, CAMERA eases back to include Sidney again.
text: At the end, Sidney looks up in the direction of the Senator.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Do you believe in capital
dialog: punishment, Senator?
scene_heading: RESUME REVERSE ANGLE
text: The Senator, amused, asks:
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: Why?
scene_heading: RESUME HUNSECKER AND SIDNEY
text: Sidney glances sidelong at Hunsecker.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (pointing to the phone)
text: A man has just been sentenced to
dialog: death...
text: Hunsecker's face hardens; aware of Sidney's impertinence, he
text: does not design to react directly; he turns towards the Agent.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Manny, what exactly are the UNSEEN
dialog: gifts of this lovely young thing
dialog: that you manage...?
scene_heading: THE AGENT AND THE GIRL
text: The Agent glances uneasily at the Girl beside him.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Well, she sings a little...you
dialog: know, sings...
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (by rote)
dialog: Manny's faith in me is simply awe-
dialog: inspiring, Mr. Hunsecker. Actually,
dialog: I'm still studying, but -
scene_heading: RESUME HUNSECKER
text: He studies the Girl intently.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: What subject?
scene_heading: RESUME THE AGENT AND THE GIRL
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Singing, of course...straight
dialog: concert and -
scene_heading: RESUME HUNSECKER
text: Hunsecker's glance flicks between the Girl and the Senator.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Why "of course"? It might, for
dialog: instance, be politics...
text: As the Girl betrays herself with a nervous glance at the
text: Senator beside her, CAMERA eases back to include him. The
text: Senator is unruffled; gravely, he lights a cigar. The Girl
dialog: laughs.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Me? I mean "I"? Are you kidding,
dialog: Mr. Hunsecker? With my Jersey City
dialog: brains?
scene_heading: RESUME HUNSECKER
text: Again his glance links the Girl and the Senator.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: The brains may be Jersey City, but
dialog: the clothes are Trainor-Norell.
scene_heading: THE SENATOR, THE AGENT AND THE GIRL
text: The Girl and the Agent are both nervously uneasy. The
text: Senator closely examines the tip of his cigar and, with
text: deliberation, turns towards Sidney.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: Are you an actor, Mr. Falco?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (supporting the
dialog: change of subject)
dialog: That's what I was thinking. Are
dialog: you, Mr. Falco?
scene_heading: SIDNEY AND HUNSECKER
text: Hunsecker, for the first time, half-turns in Sidney's
text: direction, amused.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: How did you guess it, Miss James?
scene_heading: RESUME THE AGENT, THE GIRL AND THE SENATOR
text: They all look at Sidney.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: He's so pretty, that's how.
scene_heading: RESUME SIDNEY AND HUNSECKER
text: Sidney bitterly resents the adjective, but contrives to hide
text: the fact; he smiles, gracefully accepting the compliment.
text: Hunsecker (who knows what Sidney feels) is pleased; he turns
text: towards Sidney expansively.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Mr. Falco, let it be said at once,
text: is a man of FORTY faces, not one,
text: none too pretty and ALL deceptive.
dialog: See that grin? It's the charming
text: street urchin's face. It's part of
text: his "helpless" act - he throws
dialog: himself on your mercy. I skip the
dialog: pleading nervous bit that sometimes
text: blends over into bluster. The
dialog: moist grateful eye is a favorite
dialog: face with him - it frequently ties
text: in with the act of boyish candor:
text: he's talking straight from the
dialog: heart, get it? He's got about
text: half-a-dozen faces for the ladies,
dialog: but the real cut one to me is the
dialog: quick dependable chap - nothing he
dialog: won't do for you in a pinch. At
dialog: least, so he says! Tonight Mr.
dialog: Falco, whom I did not invite to sit
text: at this table, is about to show in
dialog: his last and most pitiful role:
text: pale face with tongue hanging out.
dialog: In brief, gentlemen and Jersey
dialog: Lilly, the boy sitting with us is a
dialog: hungry press agent and fully up to
dialog: all the tricks of his very slimy
dialog: trade!
text: Hunsecker has started his speech lightly, but it has built
text: up to enough cold contempt and feeling to embarrass and
text: intimidate the others at the table. In conclusion,
text: Hunsecker, his eyes on Sidney, picks up a cigarette and
text: waits expectantly...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Match me, Sidney...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: Not just this minute, J.J....
text: Amused, Hunsecker lights his own cigarette, turns towards a
text: man who comes up to the table.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: A single close up, to intercut with the above.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: A matching single; Sidney's reaction to Hunsecker and to the
text: others at the table.
scene_heading: THE AGENT, THE GIRL AND THE SENATOR
text: To intercut with the above; their reactions of embarrassment.
speaker_heading: GROUP SHOT
text: A florid MAN comes up to the table, obviously anxious to
text: catch Hunsecker's attention. Hunsecker, in the act of
text: lighting, his own cigarette, scarcely looks at the man as he
dialog: dismisses him:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: I know - that loafer of yours opens
dialog: at the Latin Quarter next week.
dialog: (more sharply)
dialog: Say goodbye, Lester!
text: The florid man retreats. To cover the embarrassment, the
text: Senator makes a sally in Sidney's direction.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: May I ask a naive question, Mr.
dialog: Falco? Exactly how does a press
dialog: agent work...?
scene_heading: SIDNEY AND HUNSECKER
text: Sidney doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Why don't you answer the man,
dialog: Sidalee? He's trying to take you
text: off the hook.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (to the Senator)
dialog: You just had a good example of it.
text: A press agent eats a columnists
dialog: dirt and is expected to call it
dialog: manna.
scene_heading: RESUME THE AGENT, THE GIRL AND THE SENATOR
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: What's manna?
scene_heading: RESUME HUNSECKER AND SIDNEY
text: Hunsecker glances spitefully at the Girl.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Heaven dust.
scene_heading: RESUME THE AGENT, THE GIRL AND THE SENATOR
dialog: The Senator continues to Sidney:
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: But don't you help columnists by
dialog: furnishing them with items?
scene_heading: RESUME SIDNEY AND HUNSECKER
text: Sidney leans forward, indicating to the Senator some of the
text: items of paper that litter the table in front of Hunsecker;
text: these are both handwritten notes and mimeograph sheets,
text: scraps of assorted items from professional and amateur
text: agents who supply the columnist. Sidney fingers some of them.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Sure, columnists can't get along
dialog: without us. Only our good and
text: great friend, J.J., forgets to
dialog: mention that. We furnish him with
dialog: items -
text: Sidney lifts a mimeographed sheet, as an example.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: What, some cheap, gruesome gags?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (to Hunsecker now)
dialog: You print them, don't you?
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Yes, with your clients' names
dialog: attached. That's the only reason
dialog: those poor slobs pay you - to see
dialog: their names in my column all over
dialog: the world! Now, as I make it out,
dialog: you're doing ME a favor!
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: I didn't say that, J.J.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: The day that I can't get along
text: without press agents' handouts,
dialog: I'll close up shop, lock, stock and
dialog: barrel and move to Alaska.
scene_heading: THE AGENT, THE GIRL AND THE SENATOR
text: The Agent makes the mistake of trying to agree with Hunsecker.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Sweep out my igloo, here I come.
text: CAMERA pulls back as Hunsecker leans forward across the
text: table. He vents upon the unfortunate Agent some of the
text: annoyance prompted by Sidney's impertinence.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (to the Agent)
dialog: Look, Manny, you rode in here on
text: the Senator's shirt tails, so shut
dialog: your mouth!
dialog: The Senator doesn't like this treatment of others and his
text: manner and face show it.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: Now, come, J.J., that's a little
dialog: too harsh. Anyone seems fair game
dialog: for you tonight.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (not as harsh, but -)
dialog: This man is not for you, Harvey,
dialog: and you shouldn't be seen with him
dialog: in public. Because that's another
dialog: part of a press agents life - he
dialog: digs up scandal among prominent men
text: and shovels it thin among the
text: columnists who give him space.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
text: He finds Hunsecker's manner disturbing, but addresses him
text: frontally.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: There is some allusion here that
dialog: escapes me...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (an edge of threat)
dialog: We're friends, Harvey - we go as
dialog: far back as when you were a fresh
dialog: kid Congressman, don't we?
speaker_heading: RESUME SENATOR
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: Why does everything you say sound
dialog: like a threat?
scene_heading: RESUME HUNSECKER
text: He leans back, speaking more quietly, enjoying himself.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Maybe it's a mannerism - because I
dialog: don't threaten friends, Harvey.
dialog: But why furnish your enemies with
dialog: ammunition? You're a family man.
dialog: Someday, with God willing, you may
dialog: wanna be President. Now here you
text: are, Harvey, out in the open where
dialog: any hep person knows that this one...
speaker_heading: AGENT
text: Hunsecker leans into shot pointing directly at the Agent.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...is toting THAT one...
text: Hunsecker points to the Girl and the CAMERA makes a slight
text: crab movement to include the Girl as Hunsecker points in
dialog: turn to her.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...around for you...
text: Another CAMERA movement. Now Hunsecker is directly
text: challenging the Senator.
scene_heading: RESUME HUNSECKER
text: He smiles disarmingly.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...Are we kids or what?...
text: Hunsecker rises.
speaker_heading: GROUP SHOT
text: As Hunsecker stands up, Sidney follows suit. The Agent,
text: very nervous, gets to his feet and the Girl does likewise.
text: The Senator, whose face is sober, also rises from the table.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (to the Senator, affably)
dialog: Next time you come up, you might
dialog: join me at my TV show.
text: With Sidney making way for him, Hunsecker walks round the
text: end of the table to the Senator. The Senator faces Hunsecker
text: solemnly.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: (quietly and cautiously)
dialog: Thank you, J.J., for what I consider
dialog: sound advice.
text: Hunsecker matches the Senator's solemnity.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: Go, Thou, and sin no more.
text: Hunsecker moves out of shot. Sidney murmurs a "pleased to
dialog: meet you" to the Senator; then he follows Hunsecker. The
text: Senator remains looking after Hunsecker. Behind him, the
text: Agent and the Girl, watch him apprehensively. The Senator,
text: his face now showing the traces of guilt which he did not
text: reveal to Hunsecker, seems unwilling to turn back to face
dialog: them.
text: ON THE WAY TO THE FOYER
text: Hunsecker and Sidney. Hunsecker addresses the Captain on
text: his way out of the restaurant.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Mac, don't let the Senator pay that
dialog: check...
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: I'll take care of it, Mr. Hunsecker.
text: CAMERA tracks with Hunsecker and Sidney as they move out
text: towards the hat check stand.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (murmuring)
dialog: President! My big toe would make a
dialog: better President!
text: By now they are at the coatroom, Hunsecker smiling.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
text: Mr. Hunsecker's coat, Joe.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Find me a good one, Joe.
text: He accepts the proferred coat as he moves past CAMERA.
scene_heading: LONGER SHOT - NIGHT
text: The Doorman on the sidewalk has noticed Hunsecker, almost
text: before the columnist has appeared. The Doorman wheels,
text: snapping his fingers and signaling towards the car park
text: attendant, who can be seen at some distance in the background
text: under the lights of the Kinney Car Park. The attendant is
text: seen to react with alacrity, running into the Park.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: Putting on his overcoat, he addresses another of the Captains
text: who has escorted him out of the Club.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Dan, anyone calls, tell 'em I'll be
dialog: at the Morocco, maybe the Embers.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Very good, Mr. Hunsecker.
text: Sidney catches up with Hunsecker as he moves out onto the
dialog: sidewalk.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Where's your coat, Sidalee? Saving
dialog: tips?
text: Sidney thinks of an impertinent reply, decides not to be
text: drawn and says nothing.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (to Sidney)
dialog: My curiosity is killing me; what
dialog: are you so rambunctious about
dialog: tonight?
text: Sidney again does not answer; this time he points across the
dialog: street...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: There's your fat friend.
scene_heading: LONGER SHOT - POLICE CAR - NIGHT
text: The car is framed in foreground; We can read the sign POLICE
text: attached to the visor. Two men in plain-clothes, detectives,
text: are in the front seats. The man nearest is HARRY KELLO.
text: Wanting to look like a prosperous business man, Kello looks
text: soft, fat, mild and well-barbered; but he is dangerous; he
text: knows it and enjoys it. With "big shots" he is playful and
dialog: kidding, always says just enough, not too much. He is very
text: relaxed, and mild in manner, but underneath there is not
text: only an animal energy, but a feral pressing at you. His
text: voice is on the hoarse side. He measures situations
text: automatically and instantly.
text: The police radio is chattering. Also in evidence is the
text: telephone, the radio link with headquarters. The detective
text: at the wheel nudges Kello, pointing across the street.
text: Kello gets out of the car and moves to meet the columnist.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (as he approaches)
dialog: Hello, Harry.
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Bonna sera, commendatore. Come sta?
text: Sidney follows a couple of paces behind Hunsecker; he is in
text: no hurry to meet the detective, whom he clearly dislikes.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (turning to Sidney)
dialog: You see, Sidalee, that shows that
dialog: Lt. Kello likes your people.
scene_heading: REVERSE ON KELLO
text: Kello offers his hand to Hunsecker.
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: It's my Brooklyn background, J.J.
dialog: I'm good on Yiddish, too.
text: Hunsecker accepting the handshake, winces with pretended
text: pain at what is clearly an over-enthusiastic grip.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Harry, am I supposed to say "uncle"?
text: Kello laughs, releases the grip; Hunsecker strolls past him
text: stoops to lean into the car listening to the police calls on
dialog: the radio.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Anything fit to print, tonight?
dialog: (to the policeman in
dialog: the car)
dialog: Hello, Phil. How're the kids.
text: The detective inside the car answers, respectfully.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Fine, Mr. Hunsecker.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Any news fit to print tonight?
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: (joining Hunsecker)
dialog: I just checked "downtown". Quiet
dialog: everywhere tonight.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Incidentally, what happened to that
dialog: doll? - You gave me the item last
dialog: night. Still alive?
speaker_heading: KELLO
text: Yeah. At Bellevue. Still hanging
dialog: on. But they still don't know if
dialog: she was pushed.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: She mighta jumped. Love suicide?
dialog: (to the policeman in
dialog: the car)
dialog: Check it for me, Phil...it's a real
text: heart throb.
text: While Phil lifts the radio phone, calling headquarters,
text: Hunsecker turns back to Kello and Sidney.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Mischievously, Hunsecker nods at Sidney.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (to Kello)
dialog: Say hello to Sidney Falco. Tickle
dialog: him - he's been a bad boy tonight.
dialog: He called you my fat friend.
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: (mildly)
dialog: I don't believe it.
text: Instantly aware that J.J. is toying with Sidney, Kello
text: offers his large hand to Sidney, who refuses it.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: I know...I know you're the strongest
text: cop in town.
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: (with a laugh)
dialog: I call him the boy with the ice
dialog: cream face!
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Say, that's good - it's nice - in
dialog: fact, it's APT, Harry!
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: (modestly)
dialog: Yeah, I got eyes. I put things
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: I remember ONCE when you didn't
dialog: quite "put things together". Boy!
dialog: Was the Mayor mad!
text: The memory of something unpleasant clouds Kello's face.
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: Citizens committees! I didn't mean
dialog: to hit the boy that hard. Yeah,
dialog: that's when a feller needed a
dialog: friend and I won't forget his
dialog: initials, J.J.
text: The policeman in the car sticks his head out of the window.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (to Hunsecker)
dialog: She died twenty minutes ago, Mr.
dialog: Hunsecker. They're still
dialog: investigating.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: (shaking his head
dialog: with total dismissal)
dialog: That's show business. Thanks, Phil.
dialog: (to Kello)
dialog: See you.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - 52ND STREET - NIGHT
text: Kello gets into the police car.
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: (as he does so)
dialog: Hasta La Vista, J.J. Hasta Luego.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - 52ND ST. - NIGHT
text: The car moves off eastward. Sidney and Hunsecker walk
text: westward. Sidney, falling into step with Hunsecker, glances
text: back at the departing police car.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Spahish...that must show he likes
dialog: "spigs", too.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: I like Harry, but I can't deny he
text: sweats a little.
text: CAMERA now SHOOTS down 52nd Street. Hunsecker, back to
text: CAMERA, studies the evening, hearing the sound of a screech
text: of female laughter from one of the groups in the distance.
text: A drunk is being thrown out of one of the strip tease joints.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: I love this dirty town.
text: Amused, Hunsecker turns back; he signals across the street
text: to the car park, indicating that the big black Lincoln
text: Continental should follow as he strolls with Sidney.
scene_heading: HUNSECKER. SIDNEY FOLLOWING.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Conjugate me a verb, Sidney. For
dialog: instance, TO PROMISE!
text: CAMERA TRACKS with them in a CLOSE TWO SHOT. Sidney is
dialog: alert now.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You told me you'd break up that
dialog: romance - when?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: You want something done, J.J., but
dialog: I doubt if you yourself know what's
dialog: involved.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (soft and sardonic)
dialog: I'm a schoolboy - teach me, teach me.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: Why not break it up yourself? You
dialog: could do it in two minutes flat.
text: Hunsecker pauses, halts.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: At this late date you need
dialog: explanations...? Susie's all I
dialog: got - now that she's growing up, I
dialog: want my relationship with her to
dialog: stay at least at par! I don't
dialog: intend to antagonize her if I don't
dialog: have to.
dialog: (starting to walk again)
dialog: Now, be warned, son - I'll have to
dialog: blitz you...
text: Sidney follows quickly.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Frankly, J.J., I don't think you
dialog: got the cards to blitz me.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: I don't?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Correct me if I'm wrong, but I
dialog: don't think so...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (turning to eye him)
dialog: I'll listen one more minute.
text: Sidney steps in front of Hunsecker, blocking his way for a
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (very rapidly)
dialog: About a year ago, you asked me to
dialog: do a favor. It was a thing - well,
dialog: I never did a thing that dirty in
dialog: all my life.
text: Hunsecker, totally disinterested in Sidney's problems of
text: conscience, signals to his car again, walks past Sidney, who
dialog: continues rapidly:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Awright, that brings us up to five
dialog: weeks ago. "Sidney, I got a nasty
dialog: little problem here." Did I say no?
dialog: I'm frank to admit - it don't jell
dialog: as fast as we like... But all of a
dialog: sudden I CAN'T GET YOU ON THE PHONE
dialog: NO MORE! WHY?... And why, as of
dialog: this date, am I frozen out of the
dialog: column...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (scornfully)
dialog: Are you finished?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: No, lemme finish. I DON'T LIKE
dialog: THIS JOB! That boy is dumb only on
dialog: matinee days - otherwise he's got a
dialog: head. And Susan, like you said,
text: she's growing up. Two heads.
dialog: What I mean, we got a slippery,
dialog: dangerous problem here!
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (incisively)
dialog: Not "we", Sidney, you!
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (gamely)
dialog: Correct me if I'm wrong - WE!
dialog: Because when I'm out on this very
dialog: slippery limb for you, you have to
dialog: know what's involved.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (sardonically)
dialog: Ha! My right hand hasn't seen my
dialog: left hand for thirty years!
text: Sidney quickly moves into J.J.'s path, desperate to hold his
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: I'll do it, J.J. - don't get me
dialog: wrong - in for a penny, in for a
dialog: pound. I'll see it through, but
dialog: stop beating me around the head.
dialog: Let me make a living!
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (his mouth tight and mean)
dialog: What you promised - do it! Don't
text: finagle around. It's later than
dialog: you think.
text: Hunsecker walks past Sidney, now making for the car at which
text: the attendant still waits.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: (as Hunsecker passes him)
dialog: Excuse it, but it's later than you
dialog: think. That boy proposed tonight.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: Hunsecker is HIT: he stops in his stride; he pauses and he
text: turns slowly to look at Sidney. Lowering, he hesitates,
dialog: mind clicking...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Susie told you that...?
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - FAVORING SIDNEY
text: Sidney, his eyes bright, nods. Hunsecker studies Sidney,
dialog: then:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: No wonder you've been so 'feisty'
dialog: tonight.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Can you deliver?
text: Sidney nods.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Tonight. Before you go to bed.
text: The cat is in the bag and the bag
text: is in the river.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: Expressionless, he examines Sidney. Then he walks off
text: toward the car. He tips the attendant, who thanks him, but
text: instead of getting into the back of the car, he makes a
text: small authoritative gesture to Nikko (double) to move over
text: so that Hunsecker himself may drive. While Nikko does so,
text: Hunsecker turns back to Sidney, whom the CAMERA now includes.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Don't be a two time loser, Sidalee.
dialog: The sentence could be severe...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: He is satisfied.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: Hunsecker gets into the driver's seat beside Nikko, the
text: Japanese houseboy. CAMERA is CLOSE on Hunsecker who does
text: not look back but is clearly aware of the position of Sidney
text: as he puts the car into gear, revving the engine...
scene_heading: SIDNEY - NIGHT
text: The big car accelerates with impressive power. In doing so,
text: it sends a cloud of fumes and a swirl of dust in Sidney's
text: direction. He leaps out of the way, too late. CAMERA MOVES
text: closer to him as, with anger and ignominy he inspects his
text: precious clothing for damage. But, as he looks after the
text: car, his face hardens into grim humor; he senses that this
text: petty gesture from Hunsecker is an indication of his
text: vulnerability, not his strength. As, dusting his coat,
text: Sidney walks away, CAMERA RISES, watching his jaunty figure
text: cross the street in the direction of 51st Street.
scene_heading: QUICK LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. TOOTS SHOR'S RESTAURANT
text: A LONG SHOT looking over the round bar towards the entrance.
text: Sidney comes in through the revolving doors and comes toward
text: CAMERA. His eyes search among the crowd.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: REVERSE ANGLE. A CAPTAIN approaches Sidney.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Hello, Sidney. Wanna table?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Just hopping tonight. Leo Bartha
dialog: been in?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Yeah, having supper with the Mrs.
text: She's over there.
text: The Captain nods towards a booth on the other side of the
text: bar where Mrs. Bartha is sitting alone. Seeing that Bartha
text: is not with her, the Captain looks around the bar...
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: He's somewhere...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Thanks, I see him...
text: Sidney is looking back towards the entrance hall, where...
speaker_heading: BARTHA
text: Bartha comes forward (from the Men's Room) passing the
text: Captain and Sidney. Sidney moves to intercept him.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Hello, Leo. How goes that Sunday
dialog: piece on cigarette girls?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: A CLOSE SHOT on Bartha as he turns towards Sidney, stopping.
speaker_heading: BARTHA
dialog: (cautiously)
dialog: Who told you about it?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: Sidney smiles at Bartha, but the threat is clear.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: The cigarettes girl...Rita. And
text: she took out all her hairpins, too.
speaker_heading: RESUME BARTHA
text: He throws a quick glance at his wife in the booth in
text: background. CAMERA PULLS BACK as Sidney, who has noted the
text: look, moves closer to Bartha.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: I never had the pleasure of meeting
dialog: your wife. You know what I wonder,
dialog: Leo? Could you use a hot little
dialog: item for tomorrow's column?
text: Sidney is pulling out of his pocket a pad on which to
text: scribble the item. But Bartha faces him squarely, speaking
dialog: sotto voce but with emphasis:
speaker_heading: BARTHA
dialog: What is this, blackmail? Beat it!
text: Bartha turns on his heel and turns to walk towards his wife
dialog: beyond.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: Sidney's face tightens. After a pause, he makes a decision
text: and walks towards the booth.
scene_heading: BARTHA AND HIS WIFE
text: Bartha's wife is reading a tabloid and sipping champagne
text: while her husband resumes eating a sandwich. These two are
text: antagonists in a long war. Sidney comes up to the table,
dialog: repeats:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Leo, I've never had the pleasure of
dialog: meeting your wife...
text: Bartha looks up. What can he do? Begrudgingly:
speaker_heading: BARTHA
dialog: Loretta...Sidney Falco...
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: (chatty)
dialog: How do you do, Mr. Falco. If you
dialog: know anything about horses, sit a
dialog: minute. Help yourself to a glass
dialog: of this N.Y. State champagne -
dialog: that's what my husband buys me.
text: Mrs. Bartha pushes the champagne bottle in Sidney's direction
text: as Sidney sits pleasantly; Bartha concentrates on his
dialog: sandwich.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: All the imported wines aren't what
dialog: they're cracked up to be.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Whose side are you on, Mr. Falco,
dialog: his or mine?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Frankly, Mrs. Bartha, I'm a neutral
dialog: observer for the United Nations.
speaker_heading: WIFE
text: Mrs. Bartha laughs, enjoying his deftness; then:
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: What's your first name?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (over scene)
dialog: Sidney.
text: Mrs. Bartha turns to concentrate on the names in the racing
dialog: column of the tabloid.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: (searching the column)
dialog: No horse running tomorrow by that
dialog: name...
scene_heading: BARTHA, WIFE AND SIDNEY
text: An ANGLE favoring Bartha and Sidney. Bartha glowers at his
text: wife, resenting the fact that she has permitted Sidney to
dialog: join them.
speaker_heading: BARTHA
dialog: You ought to stop this nonsense,
dialog: Loretta, these two dollar bets.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: It's compensation, Leo, for the
dialog: marginal life we lead.
dialog: (to Sidney)
dialog: Sidney, did you hear the story
dialog: about the cloak-and-suitor who -- ?
speaker_heading: BARTHA
dialog: (sharply interrupting)
dialog: That's right! Tell him, so I can
dialog: read it in Hunsecker's column first!
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: (to Sidney, brightly)
dialog: Oh, are you a spy for the other side?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: No, I actually sat down to give Leo
dialog: an item.
text: produces his pad again, begins to write on it.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Leo, he wants to give you an item -
dialog: don't be sullen.
text: Bartha notes Sidney's writing.
speaker_heading: BARTHA
dialog: (to his wife)
dialog: Will you mind your own business!
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Hitler!
text: She returns to her paper, ignoring them, Sidney finishes
text: scribbling the item.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Just in case you'd like to print
dialog: it, Leo. It's a blind - no names
dialog: mentioned. But for your private
dialog: information, the guy's name is
dialog: Dallas.
text: He pushes the item to Bartha, who reads it, briefly.
dialog: Meanwhile:
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: (concentrating on the tabloid)
dialog: There isn't a single name here that
dialog: gives off vibrations...
text: Bartha pushes the item back towards Sidney. Sidney glances
text: quickly at Bartha's stony face then, significantly, turns
text: towards his wife.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Anything there with a name like
dialog: "cigarette girl"?
text: Bartha raises his head, looks squarely at Sidney with
text: contempt and anger. His wife is unaware of this reaction.
text: Still looking at the paper, she murmurs:
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: MMmmmm..."cigarette girl"... No, no
dialog: horse with a name like that...
text: Sidney pushes the item back towards Bartha.
speaker_heading: WIFE
text: Mrs. Bartha's attention is attracted by Sidney's gesture.
text: She looks up, made aware of this strange by-play.
scene_heading: BARTHA AND SIDNEY
text: A CLOSE TWO SHOT. Sidney waits; Bartha is white-lipped, but
text: pushes the item back again:
speaker_heading: BARTHA
dialog: I don't print blind items.
speaker_heading: RESUME WIFE
text: She looks from Sidney to her husband and back.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: What is this, chess or checkers...?
scene_heading: RESUME BARTHA, MRS. BARTHA AND SIDNEY
text: The THREE SHOT favoring Bartha and Sidney. Both Sidney and
text: Bartha are now aware of Mrs. Bartha's curiosity.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (pointedly)
text: Neither does Hunsecker.
dialog: (fractional pause)
dialog: He likes to use the real names...
text: A moment of chill silence. Then Bartha gets to his feet,
text: signals for a waiter. As Sidney rises also:
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Where are we running? What am I
dialog: missing here?
speaker_heading: BARTHA
dialog: Waiter, the check.
dialog: (to wife)
text: This man is trying to hold a gun to
dialog: my head!
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: (abruptly)
dialog: That's the horse! Shotgun -
dialog: Shotgun in the fifth!
text: She quickly studies her newspaper again. As quickly, Bartha
text: leans across the table and snatches it out of her hands. In
text: doing so, he upsets the glass of champagne, which contains
text: only a few drops.
scene_heading: SIDNEY AND BARTHA
text: Bartha turns challengingly to Sidney.
speaker_heading: BARTHA
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: What do you want to tell my wife,
dialog: Sidney...?
speaker_heading: WIFE
text: She is brushing her lap with her napkin.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: (indignantly)
dialog: He wants to tell me that you poured
dialog: champagne all over my lap.
scene_heading: RESUME BARTHA AND SIDNEY
text: Bartha ignores her, again challenges Sidney.
speaker_heading: BARTHA
dialog: Go on, tell her, I'm waiting!
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: What are you talking about? Are
dialog: you nuts or what?
text: The Waiter arrives in picture beside them, puts the check on
text: the table and goes. Bartha picks it up.
speaker_heading: RESUME WIFE
text: Still mopping her dress with her napkin, she waits for her
dialog: husband to speak.
speaker_heading: BARTHA
text: He glances unhappily at his wife.
speaker_heading: BARTHA
dialog: Lorry, I can't let this man
dialog: blackmail me...
scene_heading: MRS. BARTHA, BARTHA AND SIDNEY
text: A THREE SHOT favoring Mrs. Bartha, her husband and Sidney in
text: foreground.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Blackmail...?
text: Sidney decides to retreat. He turns, starts to go. But
text: Bartha blocks his way, holding Sidney and explaining to the
dialog: Wife.
speaker_heading: BARTHA
dialog: He wants me to print a dirty smear
dialog: item for keeping his mouth shut
text: A momentarily pause. Then:
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: RESUME BARTHA
text: He is uneasy, ashamed of himself.
speaker_heading: BARTHA
dialog: Foolishly, Lorry, and I hope you'll
dialog: understand... this cigarette
dialog: girl...I was kidding around with
dialog: her...this girl, I mean...I was
dialog: kidding around and she took it
dialog: seriously. It was a case of bad
dialog: judgment, Lorry, bad taste...and
dialog: I'm just sorry, Lorry, that's all...
speaker_heading: RESUME WIFE
text: She says nothing.
scene_heading: RESUME BARTHA, SIDNEY AND MRS. BARTHA
text: The ANGLE favoring Bartha and Sidney, Mrs. Bartha in
text: foreground. Bartha now turns on Sidney.
speaker_heading: BARTHA
dialog: Your friend Hunsecker - you can
dialog: tell him for me - he's a disgrace
dialog: to his profession. Never mind my
dialog: bilious private life - I print a
dialog: decent, responsible column - that's
dialog: the way it stays! Your man -
dialog: there's nothing he won't print if
dialog: it satisfies his vanity or his
dialog: spite! He'll use any spice to
dialog: pepper up his daily garbage! Tell
dialog: him I said so and that, like
dialog: yourself, he's got the morals of a
text: guinea pig and the scruples of a
dialog: gangster!
text: Sidney tries to brazen it out, sneering:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: What do I do now? Whistle "The
dialog: Stars and Stripes Forever?"
text: Mrs. Bartha slides along the seat, reaching for her fur.
scene_heading: MRS. BARTHA
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK with her as she collects her belongings,
text: slides out between the tables and comes forward, passing
text: Sidney to her husband.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: What you do now, Mr. Falco, is crow
dialog: like a hen - you have just laid an
dialog: egg.
text: She presents her fur to her husband, and turns her back,
text: inviting him to put it around her shoulders.
speaker_heading: BARTHA AND WIFE
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, favoring Bartha. He has not fully understood
text: the significance of his wife's gesture. He studies her.
text: She confirms his hopes as she adds:
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Leo, this is one of the cleanest
dialog: things I've seen you do in years...
text: With the fur around her shoulders, she turns and takes her
text: husband's arm with some pride. They walk away. CAMERA
text: ERASES BACK to include Sidney. He is angry at himself -
dialog: more for the failure of his efforts at blackmail than any
text: sense of shame at the attempt.
speaker_heading: OTIS ELWELL
text: A MEDIUM LONG SHOT. At a booth on the other side of the bar
text: sits a dapper gentleman with a twinkle of malice in his eyes.
text: He has been watching the altercation with keen interest and
text: satisfaction. Elwell gives some instructions to a waiter
text: who is serving him with drinks, pointing towards Sidney.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: Sidney's face shows a burning resentment. He glances about
text: him to see how much of the embarrassing scene has been
text: observed. As he moves away, the waiter walks into shot,
text: addressing him.
speaker_heading: WAITER
text: A waiter approaches Sidney. He has a message.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Otis Elwell wants to see you, Sidney.
text: The waiter nods towards the other side of the circular bar.
text: Sidney, his humiliation and rage still burning, looks off
dialog: towards...
speaker_heading: OTIS ELWELL
text: From Sidney's viewpoint. Elwell beckons.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: He comes round the circular bar. He shows no eagerness to
text: join Elwell, but approaches the table. Elwell makes a
text: gesture, inviting Sidney to sit. Sidney doesn't accept it.
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: (pleasantly)
dialog: I see Bartha gave you cold tongue
dialog: for supper.
dialog: (as Sidney starts to leave)
dialog: Hey, wait a minute!
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (hesitating)
dialog: I'm late for a date with a dame.
text: Then, returning, he leans over the table addressing Elwell
text: with quiet anger.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Otis, if you're trying to blow this
dialog: brawl into an item for your column -
dialog: forget it!
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Across Sidney and Elwell. Elwell is quietly enjoying
text: Sidney's display of hurt dignity.
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: (affably)
dialog: How is dear old J.J. by the way?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (his anger relapsing)
dialog: Call him up and ask - he might drop
text: dead with shock.
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: If it were that easy, you wouldn't
text: find an empty phone booth for the
dialog: next two hours...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: A CLOSE SHOT. While Elwell continues, he is not looking at
text: Sidney. Elwell's expression of dislike of Hunsecker is not
text: overemphatic; but Sidney senses, nevertheless, that it is
text: very real - and this gives him a new idea.
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: (continuing over scene)
dialog: ...Talk of a wake! - they'd club
dialog: each other to cater the affair for
dialog: free!
scene_heading: RESUME ELWELL AND SIDNEY
text: Elwell looks up at Sidney as he continues.
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: (happily)
dialog: By the way, did I hear something
dialog: about J.J. giving you the flit gun
dialog: treatment - he shut you out of the
dialog: column.
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Sidney has rapidly resumed his manner of resentment (in
text: order to exploit Elwell's dislike of Hunsecker).
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: You don't know that lunatic yet?
dialog: Whims - egotistic whims! Like the
dialog: gag - when you got him for a
dialog: friend, you don't need an enemy!
dialog: (a pause, then:)
dialog: That's what the fight with Bartha
dialog: was about. "Leo", I says, "Hunsecker
dialog: froze me out. So I'm eating humble
dialog: pie this month - please print me an
dialog: item."
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: And, instead, he printed his heel
dialog: in your face?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (morose)
dialog: I see you're full of human
dialog: feelings...
speaker_heading: ELWELL
text: He has lost interest in Sidney.
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: (with a shrug)
dialog: Like most of the human race,
dialog: Sidney, I'm bored. I'd go a mile
dialog: for a chuckle...
text: Elwell's voice fades: his attention has been caught by...
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: ...three people are passing the table, squeezing their way
text: past; a man with two very fetching young women. Elwell's
text: eyes are riveted to the anatomy that is temptingly displayed.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (noting Elwell's preoccupation)
dialog: ...and two miles for a pretty
dialog: girl...?
speaker_heading: ELWELL
text: He is unembarrassed at Sidney's all-too-accurate estimate.
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: Three...even four...
text: Elwell turns back towards the papers on his table, a zippered
dialog: document case and some publications among which a columnist
dialog: might search for scandal; among these is a magazine of
dialog: semipornographic nature.
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: (continuing, casually)
dialog: Then you're really washed up with
dialog: Hunsecker...?
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: The nature of Elwell's reading tastes is also not lost on
text: Sidney. With his eyes glancing at the magazine, Sidney now
text: accepts the original offer to sit down. He produces the
text: slip of paper that Bartha rejected, offering it as
dialog: illustration.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: This is how much I'm washed with
dialog: J.J....
text: As Elwell reads, Sidney continues giving a passing scrutiny -
text: apparently casual - to a picture of a girl on the magazine
dialog: cover.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Look, Otis, I make no brief for my
dialog: bilious private life, but he's got
dialog: the morals of a guinea pig and the
text: scruples of a gangster.
text: Elwell shows no undue enthusiasm for the item.
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: (dryly)
text: A fine, fat dirty item.
dialog: (offering it back to Sidney)
dialog: Who's it about?
text: But Sidney doesn't take the paper back; he explains:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: A kid named Dallas, who runs a
text: dinky jazz quintet.
dialog: (he leans closer)
text: He keeps company with J.J.'s
dialog: screwball sister...
speaker_heading: ELWELL
text: This does get a reaction, a flicker of genuine interest.
text: Elwell reads the item for a second time.
scene_heading: SIDNEY AND ELWELL
text: Watching Elwell read, Sidney encourages:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: It's a real goody if, like me, you
dialog: wanna clobber J.J.!
text: Now Elwell lays the item down in front of him. Clearly, he
text: is considering it. Sidney prompts again.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: He's got his TV tomorrow. He'd
dialog: read it just before rehearsals.
text: Elwell nods. But he is still reluctant.
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: (cautiously)
dialog: Mmm. Trouble is I can't think of
dialog: any good reason why I should print
dialog: anything you give me. I can't even
dialog: think of a bad reason.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: Sidney drops his eyes to the magazine once more. He fingers
text: it in a preoccupied but significant way.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Suppose I introduce you to a lovely
dialog: reason, Otis. One that's good and
dialog: bad...and available?
speaker_heading: ELWELL
text: His eyes go from the magazine to Sidney; he gets the point
dialog: alright.
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: I'm not an unreasonable man...
text: Elwell reaches for the slip of paper once more.
scene_heading: SIDNEY AND ELWELL
text: In picking it up, Elwell clearly implies his readiness to
text: accept the item - on conditions. Sidney, in his turn, gets
text: this point. He turns towards the passing waiter.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Waiter! The check.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SIDNEY'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Rita is in the bedroom. She appears to have some familiarity
text: to the premises... She hears the doorbell. She makes swift
text: adjustment to her appearance and takes a swift gulp of a
text: drink as she carries it through to answer the door.
scene_heading: SIDNEY'S OFFICE
text: The outer room is lit only by one of the lamps on the desk.
text: Rita crosses and goes to the door. Sidney's shadow can be
text: seen through the frosted glass. At the door, Rita opens it
text: slowly and with a seductive manner.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (coyly)
dialog: Hi!
text: Sidney steps into the room. Rita begins to close the door
text: prior to stepping into his embrace. Sidney puts one arm
text: about her. But now she reacts to...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Otis Elwell stands on the landing outside. In most
text: gentlemanly fashion, he takes off his hat.
speaker_heading: RITA
text: This new arrival gets a dismal reaction from the girl.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (unembarrassed)
dialog: Rita, say hello to Otis Elwell.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (with no welcome whatsoever)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Elwell is not unaware of his cool reception. He glances at
text: Sidney as he comes into the room. But his manner is suave.
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: Friends call me Otis - sometimes
dialog: Tricky Otis.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Otis was outraged when I told him
dialog: Van Cleve was going to fire you.
dialog: Tell him not to pay any attention
dialog: to anything you-know-who says about
dialog: you-know-what.
dialog: (to Otis)
dialog: Right, Otis?
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: Right!
text: Elwell sits down on the sette, stretches his limbs, smiles
text: at the girl. Rita still says nothing. Sidney mistakes her
text: attitude for acquiescence. He swallows his drink, sets it
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: I thought you two could talk the
dialog: whole thing over till I got back.
text: Rita looks at him sharply.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Back?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: One of those business meetings,
dialog: honey - always coming up in the
text: middle of the night.
text: He grins at Rita. She doesn't respond. Turning, she goes
text: swiftly through the door into the bedroom.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Hold on. You can drop me off on
dialog: your way...
text: Emphasizing the asperity in her voice, she closes the door
text: behind her.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Elwell looks at Sidney; Sidney looks at Elwell. Elwell gets
text: up slowly from the settee.
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: (amused by acid)
text: Consternation reigns...
text: Sidney is uncomfortable, not sure how Elwell is taking the
text: rejection. Elwell glances at his wristwatch, lays down his
dialog: drink.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Now, Otis...
text: Elwell shrugs, remarks pleasantly but with significance:
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: I hate J.J. -- but not that much at
dialog: this moment...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Give me a chance --
text: He goes into the bedroom, closing the door after him.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Rita is in a flurry of indignation. Sitting on the bed, she
text: is fastening one high-heeled shoe. Sidney stands glaring at
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Don't you know who that man is?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (bitingly)
dialog: Yeah. Otis Elwell. The columnist.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (nodding with emphasis)
dialog: Yeah!
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (aggressively)
dialog: And he's a perfect stranger to me.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (explosively)
dialog: So take five minutes! Get
dialog: acquainted! He's an important
dialog: man - he's lonely - don't be dumb!
text: Rita, who one shoe on, has begun to search for the other.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: What do you want all of a sudden -
dialog: Lady Godiva...? Where's my other
dialog: shoe?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: What kind of an act is this?
text: Rita jumps to her feet. Her righteous indignation is
text: handicapped by the lop-sided stance caused by the lack of
text: one shoe.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Don't you think I have any feelings?
dialog: What am I? A bowl of fruit? A
dialog: tangerine that peels in a minute?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (caustic)
dialog: I beg your pardon! I turn myself
dialog: inside out to help you and now I'm
text: a heavy.
text: (stooping swiftly as
dialog: he discovers her shoe)
dialog: Here's your shoe, there's your
dialog: coat, that's the door!
text: Contemptuously he thrusts the coat and the shoe into her
text: arms. The positive force of his manner gives the girl pause.
text: There is a silence. Rita searches for words to explain the
dialog: offense to her sensibilities.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Sidney...I...I don't do this sort
dialog: of thing...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: What sort of thing?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (emphatic)
dialog: This sort of thing!
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (as emphatic)
dialog: Listen, you need him for a favor,
dialog: don't you! And so do I! I need
dialog: his column--tonight.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Didn't you ask me to do something
dialog: about your job? Don't you have a
dialog: kid in Military School?
text: A pause. Sidney has struck brutally home. Rita's lower lip
text: trembles.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: You're a snake, Falco. You're a
dialog: louse, a real louse.
text: Sidney's manner becomes swiftly sympathetic - but still
dialog: urgent.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (persuasively)
dialog: Honey - he's going to help you!
dialog: You want to lose your job?
text: Rita begins to waver, her moral indignation losing ground
text: before Sidney's reminders of her dire necessity.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (remonstrating)
dialog: A girl needs a little romancing
dialog: before she -
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: Next time I'll call in a guy to
text: paint silver stars on the ceiling!
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (in a small voice)
dialog: What would you think of me if -
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (cutting in to
dialog: reassure her)
dialog: Nothing I didn't think of you before.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (dryly, with significance)
dialog: - that's what I mean!
text: This attempt at humor signals to Sidney that he has brought
text: her round. He comes to her, pats her in an encouraging
text: manner - to which she does not respond.
text: He turns to the door, and picks up the glasses she has set
text: down on the table behind it.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: (as he opens the door)
dialog: How many snorts does it take to put
dialog: you in that Tropical Island Mood?
text: Sidney goes out.
scene_heading: SIDNEY'S OFFICE
text: Elwell overhears the last remark and as Sidney passes him,
text: he winks. While Sidney pours another drink, Elwell faces
text: the doorway. Rita comes into it, stands on the threshold.
text: She is still far from enthusiastic.
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: (an inspiration)
dialog: Havana! That's where we met!
text: Rita shakes her head morosely. Sidney comes and puts a
text: stiff drink into her hand. Elwell raises the glass toasting
text: the girl, encouraging her to drink. Rita responds dimly.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (to Otis)
dialog: Here's mud in your column!
text: Sidney laughs, more from relief than from the joke.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Blessings on thee, the both...well...
dialog: Gotta run now. See you two kids
dialog: later!
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: Hurry back.
text: At the door Sidney takes cheerful leave of them.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
dialog: That gives you lots of leeway.
scene_heading: HALLWAY OUTSIDE SIDNEY'S APARTMENT
text: Closing the door, Sidney seems pleased with himself. He
text: goes swiftly down the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. SIDNEY'S OFFICE
text: Rita remains on the threshold of the doorway between the two
text: rooms. There is an uncomfortable silence. Elwell carries
text: it off by coming to the girl, offering her a cigarette. She
text: accepts it. Elwell studies her, smiling affectionately.
text: Rita meets his eyes, avoids them again, then quietly offers
dialog: the information:
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Palm Springs. Two years ago.
text: Elwell begins to laugh. Whatever the memory, it seems to
text: amuse him vastly because he continues to laugh.
speaker_heading: ELWELL
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: That's right!
text: Rita drinks. She adds glumly:
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Don't tell Sidney.
text: Elwell continues to laugh as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ORANGE JUICE STAND - NIGHT
text: Shooting east on 46th Street walks Sidney, coming out of the
text: entrance of his apartment, towards CAMERA. He is pleased
text: with himself, satisfied with his ingenuity in dealing with
dialog: Rita and Bartha.
text: The streets behind him are dark and empty (it is about 3:00
text: in the morning). CAMERA moves with Sidney as he steps
text: briskly into the orange juice stand and lifts the receiver
text: from the pay telephone. There are no other customers at the
text: counter, but the man behind is squeezing orange halves for
text: the day ahead, piling up a mountain of empties some of which
text: fall at Sidney's feet.
scene_heading: EXT. HUNSECKER'S PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: CAMERA shoots up at the penthouse on the roof of the Brill
text: Bldg. The Budweiser sign is extinguished, a black silhouette
text: against the sky. A light burns in the window of Hunsecker's
dialog: apartment.
scene_heading: INT. HUNSECKER'S PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: The ringing of the telephone is heard in the big room - an
text: impressively furnished apartment which has a decor indicating
text: that the owner thinks of himself in epic terms.
text: CAMERA moves to discover Hunsecker in robe and pajamas,
text: tapping at his typewriter. Taking his leisurely time, he
text: picks up the phone and eventually answers it.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Yes...? You sound happy, Sidney.
dialog: Why should you be happy when I'm
dialog: not?
dialog: (then)
dialog: I'll see the papers when I get up.
dialog: How do you spell Picasso, the
dialog: French painter?
dialog: (languidly writes
dialog: down Picasso on his
dialog: scratch pad, answering
dialog: a query, dryly)
dialog: It's an item - I hear he goes out
text: with three-eyed girls.
scene_heading: ORANGE JUICE STAND - NIGHT
text: CAMERA shoots past Sidney at the phone toward Broadway,
text: which is now deserted. A street-flushing truck goes by,
text: moving through the dead city.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: It would be nice if you mentioned
scene_heading: R-O-B-A-R-D - Robard's jazz joint --
dialog: it's his 20th anniversary. Don't
dialog: begrudge it to me, J.J. - I owe him
dialog: lots of favors.
dialog: (glancing toward the
dialog: attendant to see that
dialog: he has not overheard)
dialog: I think you understand, don't you,
dialog: that the Dallas skull is badly
dialog: dented? Oh, real bad... starting
dialog: today, you can play marbles with
text: his eyeballs.
dialog: (even coquetting)
dialog: Don't hold out on me, J.J., mention
dialog: Robard. R.O. -
text: (hangs up and walks
dialog: to street)
scene_heading: HUNSECKER'S PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Hunsecker is writing Robard's name on his pad, but he says
dialog: into the phone:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: We shall see what we shall see...
dialog: (lazily)
dialog: And don't ever use this apartment
dialog: phone again; I have a nervous sister.
text: He cradles the phone, looks at it for a moment, switches his
text: eyes and then physically follows them, rising to stroll
text: towards the glass doors onto the terrace. He moves out and
text: turns aside to look in at the adjoining window, which
text: belongs to Susan's bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. SUSAN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CAMERA shoots across Susan in foreground; she is asleep, a
text: tired, helpless, sweet kid. The figure of her brother is
text: seen - a dark shape on the terrace outside. He moves away
text: across the terrace.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE - NIGHT
text: Hunsecker turns from the window. CAMERA is close on his
text: brooding face. CAMERA tracks with him as he crosses towards
text: the parapet. At this height there is a wind which blows his
text: hair and the movement of the camera emphasizes a remarkable
text: vista of the New York skyline. The buildings are now dark,
text: only a few of the electric signs are left on all night.
text: CAMERA comes to rest looking over Hunsecker's shoulder; it
text: tilts downward to a view of Broadway below, Duffy Square in
dialog: the distance.
scene_heading: HUNSECKER - NIGHT
text: A close-up; Hunsecker is looking down on his "kingdom". But
text: there is little love in the man's face, only authoritarian
dialog: power.
scene_heading: EXT. FROM THE TERRACE - NIGHT
text: From Hunsecker's viewpoint. The streets empty, except for
text: an occasional passing taxi. The street flushing truck comes
dialog: up Broadway from Duffy Square...
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE THROUGH TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FROM THE TERRACE - DAY
text: The identical camera set-up. Through the dissolve the light
text: changes from night to day; Broadway magically becomes a
text: roaring stream of traffic.
scene_heading: EXT. GLOBE BUILDING - DAY
text: In foreground a NEWS VENDOR. Sidney comes out of the exit
text: of a subway, reaching for his pocket as he approaches the
text: news vendor who offers him a paper.
speaker_heading: NEWS VENDOR
dialog: The Globe?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Gimme The Record.
text: Sidney buys and opens the paper. CAMERA MOVES closer to
text: shoot over his shoulder. We see the gossip column which
text: bears a photograph of Otis Elwell at the top. Smirking with
text: satisfaction, Sidney turns away from the CAMERA and throws
text: the paper into a trash basket before he disappears into the
text: impressive entrance of a large office building. The sign
text: above the doorway reads: THE NEW YORK GLOBE.
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. GLOBE BUILDING
text: Mary, Hunsecker's secretary, occupies a cubicle which is
text: separated form the rest of the newsroom by a partition.
text: From the big room beyond, comes the hum and chatter of a big
text: newspaper. The walls of the urgent murmur of the staff of a
text: big newspaper. The walls of Mary's cubicle are covered with
text: photographs; filing cabinets are piled high with unopened
text: mail; two wire service teletype machines click desultorily.
text: Mary is plain but attractive, past 30, a level-headed woman
text: with a sense of integrity. She is on the phone just now,
text: bored with the insistent voice on the other end. Beside her
text: an earnest young LAWYER waits with several papers in hand.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: I have no power to retract, Mr.
dialog: Cummings... I'm only Mr. Hunsecker's
dialog: secretary. No. Nor can I agree
dialog: that can retraction is necessary.
dialog: Thank you for calling.
text: Sidney has come through the newsroom in background. He
text: pauses tactfully, seeing Mary occupied with the lawyer.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: (huffily)
dialog: I fail to see what's amusing about
dialog: these papers.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'll get the boss to sign them.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: (giving her the papers)
dialog: They're important.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You've said that six times - that's
dialog: why I'm smiling.
text: As the disgruntled lawyer leaves, Sidney comes in, wearing
text: his most winning smile. With a glance after the lawyer,
text: making sure that he is not observed, Sidney greets Mary,
dialog: assuming a brogue:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Hello, Mary, me darlin' and phwat
dialog: are ye up to today?
text: Sidney's hand caresses her shoulder with a gesture which
text: indicates a certain intimacy between them.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: That's a question I usually like to
dialog: ask YOU. Your secretary phoned.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: What about?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: Something about a Frank D'Angelo
dialog: trying to reach you...
text: Sidney reaches for the phone. As he does so, Mary hesitates
text: and glances at a copy of The Record which lies on the desk
text: open at Otis Elwell's column. She picks it up.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Is that the man who manages Susie's
dialog: boyfriend?
text: Sidney murmurs casually, "Yeah. Why?" as he dials. Mary
text: holds up the paper, indicating the item.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Have you seen this? In Otis
dialog: Elwell's column.
dialog: (reads)
dialog: "The dreamy marijuana smoke of a
dialog: lad who heads a highbrow jazz
text: quintet is giving an inelegant odor
dialog: to that elegant East Side Club
dialog: where he works. That's no way for
text: a card-holding Party Member to act.
dialog: Moscow won't like, you naughty boy!"
text: Sidney accepts the paper from Mary, examines the item while
text: he talks to Sally on the phone.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Sally? I got the message. If
dialog: D'Angelo calls again, tell him I'll
dialog: be at the office around noon.
text: He hangs up, continuing to read.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Could this be that boy?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (casually)
text: Dallas? Could be. He doesn't look
dialog: like a reefer smoker...
text: He discards the paper with a show of disinterest. Mary
text: picks it up again.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (looking at The
dialog: Record again)
dialog: If this is true, J.J.'s going to
dialog: hit the ceiling...
text: Sidney moves around behind Mary. His eyes are fixed on a
text: spike which sits on Mary's desk. On it is impaled a proof
text: of Hunsecker's column. Meanwhile, he remarks:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Can it be news to you that J.J.'s
dialog: ceiling needs a plaster job every
dialog: six weeks?
speaker_heading: INSERT
text: From Sidney's viewpoint, Hunsecker's column. The shot is
text: just too distant for us to be able to read the print.
scene_heading: SIDNEY AND MARY
text: Sidney is looking at the column. Mary is concentrated on
text: papers before her. Without looking up, she is clearly aware
text: of Sidney's efforts to read the proof.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Sidney, you know that J.J. doesn't
dialog: like people to look at the column
dialog: proof in advance...
text: Sidney, caught "in flagrante", laughs.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Mary, I'm not "people" - there's
text: Falco blood, sweat and tears in
dialog: that column.
text: He turns away, changing the subject (apparently).
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: How about dinner tonight?
text: Mary turns to study him.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Bribing me again?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (uncomfortable under
dialog: her scrutiny)
dialog: And why should I bribe the woman
dialog: who holds most of my heart?
text: Mary is thoughtful. Without malice, in a detached sort of
text: way, she examines Sidney.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You're a real rascal, Sidney. I'd
dialog: certainly dislike you if I didn't
dialog: like you. You're an amusing boy,
dialog: but there isn't a drop of respect
dialog: in you for anything alive - you're
text: too immersed in the theology of
dialog: making a fast buck. Not that I
dialog: don't sometimes feel that you yearn
dialog: for something better...
text: Sidney finds this analysis hard to take. Again he tries to
text: laugh his way out of it.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (cynical)
dialog: Mary, don't try to sell me the
dialog: Brooklyn Bridge. I happen to know
dialog: it belongs to the Dodgers.
text: Mary, smiling, decides "to let him off the hook". She takes
text: the spike and the column and passes it across to Sidney's
text: side of the desk, as she returns briskly to her business.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (affably)
dialog: I don't mind you looking at the
dialog: proof of the column in advance, as
dialog: long as J.J. doesn't know. But
dialog: don't do it like a boy stealing gum
text: from a slot machine.
text: Sidney doesn't like this; but, on the other hand, he does
text: want to look at the column. After only a momentary struggle,
text: he picks the column off the spike and reads.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Who put this item in about the
dialog: comic?
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "If there's a more hilarious funny
dialog: man around than Herbie Temple at
dialog: the Palace, you'll have to pardon
dialog: us for not catching the name. We
dialog: were too busy screaming." Does this
dialog: Temple have a press agent?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No. It's one of J.J.'s occasional
dialog: beau gestes. Evidently the fellow's
dialog: funny, so he gave him a plug.
text: He goes to the door, grinning.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: What's your favorite ribbon to go
dialog: around your favorite chocolates?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Let's wait till Christmas - it's
dialog: more legitimate then.
text: She looks after Sidney, thinks about him for a moment. Then
text: she types.
scene_heading: EXT. PALACE THEATRE - DAY
text: Sidney comes down 47th Street from Broadway, making for the
text: stage door entrance of the Palace theatre. He walks
text: confidently into the alleyway, paying no attention to the
text: old doorman gossiping with the shoeshine boy at the chairs
text: next to the entrance. The doorman turns, protesting:
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Hey!
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
text: Sidney, without halting, looks back towards the Doorman,
text: addressing him with the patronizing manner of a superior.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Herbit Temple here yet?
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Yeah, but you can't come in now!
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: I'm in, Sonny Boy!
text: He is already on his way into doorway.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE OF PALACE THEATRE
text: The movie will soon by finished and the comedian who opens
text: the stage show is ready and made-up in the wings. He sits
text: with his agent, (AL EVANS) a small, worried, bespectacled
text: man, who waves an unlighted cigar as big as himself. They
text: converse in loud whispers, talking against the muffled and
text: echoing sound of the film sound track, silhouetted against
text: the ghostly, distorted images on the big screen seen at a
text: weird angle behind them.
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: I didn't waste words, Herbie, take
dialog: my word. I says, "look, Figo, I'm
dialog: not selling you a dozen eggs, I'm
dialog: selling you HERBIE TEMPLE", I says,
dialog: so don't gimme your lip!
text: The comedian, Herbie Temple, looks up. Sidney comes through
text: a fire-proof door which separates the stage from the
text: corridors to dressing room. In background two chorus girls
text: in costume are squeezed into a telephone booth. Sidney
text: joins the comedian and the agent; he smiles to the comedian,
text: while he addresses the agent.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Hiya, Al!
text: The agent looks from Sidney to Temple, surprised and
text: displeased.
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: Since when did you two get
dialog: acquainted?
text: Sidney has clearly never met Evans; blandly he chooses to
text: regard the agent's remark as an introduction; he offers his
text: hand with generous amiability.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: How do you do, Mr. Temple...
text: The comic accepts the hand doubtfully.
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: (uncertain)
text: Delighted.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: I'm Sidney Falco.
speaker_heading: TEMPLE
dialog: (still dubious)
dialog: Yeah, delighted...
text: Evans stands up, warns the comic.
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: Watch this guy, Herbie, he's a
dialog: press agent.
text: Temple's smile congeals.
speaker_heading: TEMPLE
dialog: You watch him, Al, I s...s...stutter!
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (in no way discouraged)
dialog: Temple, I caught your act the other
dialog: night and -
speaker_heading: TEMPLE
dialog: Did you now? On which bounce?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: - and I just had to drop by and
dialog: tell you how great I thought you
dialog: were.
speaker_heading: TEMPLE
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: Cheers. What time is it, Al?
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: You got ten minutes.
dialog: (to Sidney)
dialog: Hope you don't mind, Falco: we're
dialog: busy and if -
text: Sidney stands up.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: No, I don't mind. I'm busy too.
speaker_heading: TEMPLE
dialog: (scowling)
dialog: Good! We're all off to Utica, so
dialog: excuse me, Mr. Frannis-on-the-
dialog: Portisan.
text: Sidney moves toward the doorway onto the corridor. The
text: chorus girls have now vacated the phone booth.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: But can I ask one impertinent
dialog: question here? With no criticism
dialog: intended, because I know, Al, you
dialog: earn your ten percent, how come you
dialog: let a sock act like Herbie Temple
text: tip-toe through town without a
dialog: publicity build...?
text: Smiling wise, Evans shakes his head.
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: We're not buying it, Falco - no
dialog: fish today.
text: Sidney presses, as if annoyed.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: I'm not selling. I'm just curious,
dialog: that's all.
text: Temple turns away from Sidney, leaving him to Evans.
speaker_heading: TEMPLE
dialog: Answer the man, Al, if he asks you
dialog: a question. Quick, before he
dialog: thinks up another!
text: Evans moves to Sidney, trying to shepherd him out the way he
dialog: came.
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: Mr. Temple doesn't believe in press
dialog: agents - does that answer you
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Evans makes the mistake of laying a hand on Sidney's elbow.
text: Sidney doesn't like people touching him. He reacts in
text: anger, as we have seen before - fixes a burning eye on Evans.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Take your hand off, lump!
dialog: (more politely, to Temple)
dialog: No one believes in press agents,
dialog: Temple, when they make claims they
dialog: can't perform. I got nothing to
dialog: sell - I didn't come here to
dialog: peddle - but if I tell a client
dialog: that Hunsecker will give him space,
dialog: it's not just talk!
text: Sidney stops briskly up the stairs into the corridor.
text: Evans, angry, is stalled for a moment of delay action by
text: mention of the magic name of Hunsecker.
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: (after hesitation)
dialog: Listen, you bull artist - !
speaker_heading: TEMPLE
dialog: Let him go, Al...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: But Sidney has already stepped to the phone booth and is
dialog: dialing.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Hello? Mary, let me speak to J.J.,
dialog: please...it's Sidney Falco...
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Shooting past Sidney in foreground onto Temple and Evans
text: beyond, they watch him, open-mouthed. Sidney notes their
dialog: reaction.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Tell him it's important...
scene_heading: INT. SIDNEY'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Gloria is at her desk, bewildered as she speaks into the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: What? Is this Sidney?...
scene_heading: RESUME BACKSTAGE OF PALACE THEATRE
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Sure, I'll wait...
text: While doing so, he glances back with disinterest at Evans
text: and Temple. The comedian and the agent exchange looks.
text: Evans is uneasy; he comes up the steps into the corridor to
text: address Sidney with a deflated manner.
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: Look, nobody hired you! We didn't
dialog: talk any deal, and -
text: With his hand over the mouthpiece, Sidney addresses Evans
text: with contempt.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Relax, lump! I told you I'm not
dialog: selling fish...
dialog: (abruptly reverting
dialog: to the phone)
dialog: J.J...Sidney!...How are you,
dialog: sweetheart?
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: (then seriously)
dialog: Listen, I know it's late, J.J., but
dialog: is it too late to add something
dialog: important to the column?
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: No, not a relative, but important...
scene_heading: RESUME - GLORIA IN INT. OF SIDNEY'S APARTMENT
text: Shaking her head, Gloria places the phone down on the desk,
text: looks at it as it chatters away. She considers returning to
text: her typing, but, worried, picks the phone up again. Sidney's
text: chattering voice is barely audible: "You know Herbie Temple,
text: the comic...? What about him? He's at the Palace and he's
dialog: great. That's what about him. And you'd do me a big bunny
dialog: basket of a favor if you would say it in tomorrow's column.
scene_heading: RESUME BACKSTAGE PALACE THEATRE
text: Temple and Evans are now staring at Sidney with considerable
dialog: respect.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: The comedian and the agent in foreground, Sidney still on
text: the phone beyond.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Yeah, if you got a pencil there
dialog: I'll suggest a word or two.
dialog: Uh...uh...
text: The comedian and the agent in foreground, Sidney still on
text: the phone beyond.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (to phone, continuing)
dialog: If there's a funnier man in the
dialog: world than Herbie Temple at the
dialog: Palace...uh...pardon us for not
dialog: catching the name, we were too busy
dialog: laughing. No, make that 'screaming'.
dialog: (then)
dialog: It's sweet of you, J.J., thanks.
dialog: Probably see you at Twenty One
dialog: tonight. No, for supper, late.
dialog: Right. 'Bye...
speaker_heading: TEMPLE
dialog: Speak to this lad, Al, ... to Mr.
dialog: Falco.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: See me in my office.
text: He turns and walks away down the corridor. As he vanishes,
text: Temple starts after him.
speaker_heading: CORRIDOR
text: Sidney walks off in the direction of the exit -- (not so
text: fast that he can't be overtaken). Temple hurries into the
text: corridor and comes after him. Evans also follows, though
text: not so eagerly.
speaker_heading: TEMPLE
dialog: Wait a minute.
dialog: (turning back to
dialog: encourage Evans)
dialog: Speak to him, Al.
dialog: (to Sidney, apologetically)
dialog: Al makes all my deals.
text: Sidney permits himself to be detained.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: (coolly, looking
dialog: toward Evans)
dialog: I don't like a guy that's quick
text: with the hands.
dialog: (to Temple)
dialog: Temple, you've been three passes
dialog: behind for twenty years. This
dialog: could start you off big - T.V. and
dialog: anywhere.
text: Evans, not as wholly convinced as the comedian, comes up to
text: join them. Temple looks at the agent.
speaker_heading: TEMPLE
dialog: And it would cost a pretty penny,
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (to Evans)
dialog: You tell him, I stutter!
speaker_heading: EVANS
dialog: (shrewdly)
dialog: Uh...Why don't we wait till tomorrow?
text: Sidney, shrugging, makes a negligent exit.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (as he goes)
dialog: Wait as long as you like - you know
dialog: where my office is.
text: They look after him. Evans face is cold and suspecting, but
text: Temple's face contains fresh warmth.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: STAIRS OUTSIDE SIDNEY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Sidney comes briskly up the stairs. Outside his door he
text: pauses, listens, hearing the murmur of voices inside. Then
text: he walks in casually.
scene_heading: INT. SIDNEY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Sidney steps in, closing the door. He pretends surprise as
dialog: he sees...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: ...Steve and D'Angelo waiting for him. Sidney comes into
text: SHOT. Sally remains at her desk while Steve and D'Angelo
text: are silent, looking at Sidney.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (perkily)
dialog: What is here, a wake?
text: D'Angelo rises from the couch, crossing to Sidney to hand
text: him a copy of the tabloid, The Record. It is folded open at
text: Elwell's column. As he passes it to Sidney, D'Angelo marks
text: with his thumbnail an item near the bottom of the column.
text: Sidney takes the paper and reads. (He reads a little too
text: quickly.) Then he hands it back to D'Angelo.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Steve notes Sidney's too-perfunctory reading.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You read as you run, don't you?
text: Sidney turns on Steve, coldly:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: It's a habit with me. So now I'm
dialog: briefed. So what?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (glancing at D'Angelo)
dialog: Frank thinks I shouldn't have come
dialog: here -
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (a quick correction)
dialog: Excuse me, Steve. I said namely
dialog: you shouldn't go around wild,
dialog: blaming people without justification.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (watchfully, to Sidney)
dialog: I thought you might have a faint
dialog: idea of how this item originated.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Favoring Sidney. He pauses.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Why me...?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Why not you?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: That's your idea of logic? I tell
dialog: the Judge I didn't murder the man -
dialog: the Judge says, "Why not you?"
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Only two men in this town could be
dialog: responsible for that smear - you or
dialog: Hunsecker or both.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (explosively)
dialog: Dallas, ask your own manager - he's
text: standing here like a pained
dialog: wolfhound - Hunsecker and Elwell
dialog: are enemies to the knife. So how
dialog: do you get him doing J.J. a favor?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: It is a favor, isn't it?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (as quickly)
dialog: According to you, yeah.
dialog: (continuing rapidly
dialog: and with heat)
dialog: Dallas, your mouth is as big as a
dialog: basket and twice as empty! I don't
dialog: like you, comma, but neither do I
dialog: go along with this column saying
dialog: you smoke marijuana and belong with
dialog: the Reds. Also, since we're
dialog: talking repulsive, J.J. won't like
dialog: this for two cents! Don't give me
dialog: that look, Dallas - J.J. believes
dialog: in fair play. And secondly, this
dialog: could splatter his sister with
dialog: rotten egg by implication - your
dialog: her boyfriend!
scene_heading: RESUME REVERSE ANGLE
text: Sidney's manner is a little too vigorous. (In adopting an
text: aggressive tone, he is really trying to needle Steve.)
text: Steve, though on the verge of losing his temper, is sharp
dialog: enough to notice the point:
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You're talking very fast.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (expostulating)
dialog: Well, I'll tell you what - excuse
dialog: me for breathing, will ya?
dialog: (wheeling to Sally)
dialog: How do you like it? He comes to my
dialog: office and -
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
text: Sensing the danger, D'Angelo moves forward soothingly
dialog: between them.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: Boys, this gets nobody nowhere -
dialog: you're over excited, Steve and -
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Don't apologize for me, Frank!
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: ...excited with good reason, I
dialog: wanted to say.
dialog: (to Sidney)
dialog: Because this endangers the future
dialog: of the whole quintet...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: Should I cry...?
text: Steve, with a glare at both men, goes to the phone on
text: Sally's desk. He dials.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...People catch on quick to such an
dialog: item. Van Cleve already called
dialog: me - he's firing the quintet.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Then what are you doing here? Go
dialog: over there and fight! If Van Cleve
dialog: fires your boy, it gives a lie the
dialog: ring of truth!
text: In background Steve speaks quietly into the phone:
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I want to speak to Miss Hunsecker,
dialog: please.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (replying to Sidney's question)
dialog: We're on our way there now...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (who has wheeled on Steve)
dialog: What are you calling her for...?
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: Sidney's reaction to the mention of Susan's name gives Steve
text: food for thought. While he waits for Susan to be summoned
text: to the phone, he studies Sidney.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (to Sidney)
dialog: I'm the boyfriend, remember? I
dialog: hope one day she'll be my wife...
dialog: (into the phone, gently)
dialog: This is Steve, Susie. Don't be
dialog: alarmed, Susie, but I want you to
dialog: look at Elwell's column in The
dialog: Record...today...No, about me...
scene_heading: INT. HUNSECKER'S PENTHOUSE - SUSAN'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Susan is on the phone. Listening to what Steve says, she is
text: frightened - almost too frightened; it is as if, in some
dialog: curious sense, she had been expecting this blow. It brings
text: an echo of an earlier tragedy.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: A smear?...What...What kind of
dialog: smear...? Where are you?
scene_heading: INT. SIDNEY'S APARTMENT
text: Steve is on the phone in foreground, the others watching him.
text: In particular, Sally, who stands near Steve, is studying him
text: with obvious sympathy. She looks slowly towards Sidney.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (to the phone)
dialog: We're on our way to the Elysian
dialog: Room to dicker with Van Cleve -
dialog: he's fired us already. I'll call
dialog: you later, dear... 'Bye!...
text: He hangs up quietly, looks at Sidney and walks towards the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Come on, Frank.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As the door closes behind Steve, Frank follows, more slowly.
text: As D'Angelo reaches the door, he pauses with his hand on the
text: doorknob and turns back to study Sidney.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: He feels uneasy under D'Angelo's scrutiny. Sally, in
text: background, is also watching Sidney.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (to D'Angelo)
dialog: What are you looking at...?
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
text: He does not answer for a moment. The unspoken accusation in
text: his look is very clear. Then:
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: The ugly world, Sidney...
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: If I told Steve what I really
dialog: think, he'd tear your head off...
speaker_heading: RESUME SIDNEY
text: He brazens it out.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (sneering)
dialog: Tell him.
speaker_heading: RESUME D'ANGELO
text: D'Angelo shakes his head.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: No. I'm interested in his future.
text: D'Angelo goes slowly out.
speaker_heading: RESUME SIDNEY
text: He hesitates before turning towards Sally (because he
text: realizes that this exchange with D'Angelo must have confirmed
text: Sally in her suspicions).
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: Her face shows that Sidney is right. Sally is deeply hurt,
text: disillusioned.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Sidney turns to her, challenging.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (not looking at him)
dialog: Nothing...
text: Resentfully, Sidney moves about the room. Sensing the
text: silent accusation against him, he is aggressive.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: You know, Sally, sometimes I get
dialog: the impression you think you live
dialog: in Star-Bright Park. This is life,
dialog: kid - get used to it!
text: Sidney comes to the phone on her desk. He dials. Then he
text: glances swiftly at Sally and, carrying the phone, walks into
text: the bedroom, dragging the long cord behind him.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: When the phone comes alive, Sidney pushes the bedroom door
text: shut. The gesture is as casual as he can contrive to make
text: it. Keeping his voice fairly low so that it cannot be heard
text: in the other room, he says:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Nikko, is Mr. Hunsecker there?
dialog: This is Mr. Falco. Well, have him
dialog: call me as soon as he can. It's
dialog: important.
text: He sets the phone down on the bedside table, looks at it
text: thoughtfully before he goes back to the bedroom door, opens
text: it and goes back into the office.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE
text: Sidney stands on the threshold, studying Sally. His manner
text: is now more sympathetic as he asks:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Did you send my folks in Philly the
dialog: check...?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Yes.
text: Leaving the bedroom door open, Sidney comes up to her,
text: watches her shrewdly, cautiously.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I put a lotta trust in you,
dialog: Chickie...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (low-voiced)
dialog: I know you do, Sidney.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Don't judge a situation where you
dialog: don't know what's involved...
text: Sally is putting paper in the typewriter, trying to hold her
text: head up.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I'm not judging...
text: Sidney comes closer to her. He puts his hand on the nape of
text: her neck, carrassing her. Under his touch, the girl is
text: unhappy, and yet at the same time, responsive. Sidney still
text: has power over her but she is disturbed by feelings of shame.
text: Feeling her relaxed, Sidney bends and kisses her on the side
dialog: of the throat with more than negligence, for something about
text: her always excites him; his aggression tune in with her
dialog: submissiveness.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (pathetically)
dialog: I swear, Sidney, I can't help it -
dialog: sometimes I wonder what I see in
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (murmuring)
dialog: That's no way to talk...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Or what you see in me, for that
dialog: matter...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Stay down town tonight. Maybe
dialog: we'll take in a show, etc.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: If you want me to -
text: The phone in the bedroom rings. Sidney, reacting sharply,
text: forgets his advances to Sally as he turns towards the bedroom.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (exhilarated)
dialog: You see? Hunsecker's gotta phone ME!
text: He goes into the bedroom, closing the door as he goes.
text: Sally looks at the closed door.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Sidney has picked up the phone.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Hello, J.J....I presume you saw the
text: Elwell smear.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: No, no medals - not yet. Oh, it's
dialog: worse than that - Aunty Van Cleve
text: is firing them...from the horse's
dialog: mouth... They were just here - in a
dialog: panic...
scene_heading: INT. HUNSECKER'S PENTHOUSE - THE STUDY - DAY
text: Hunsecker wears a dressing gown as he sits at his breakfast
text: table. Behind him are the big glass windows to the terrace
text: overlooking the Manhattan skyline. The papers are at
text: Hunsecker's elbow; his manner is crisp and cold:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Who was just there?
dialog: (then)
dialog: You'll be the death of me. Sidalee!
dialog: Why? Didn't you just tell me that
dialog: they've already traced this smear
dialog: to you? All they have to do now is
dialog: to put two and two together and I'm
dialog: a chicken in a pot!
scene_heading: RESUME SIDNEY'S APARTMENT
text: Sidney smiles confidently, answers calmly:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: J.J., peace on earth, good will to
dialog: men - it's working out just the way
dialog: I planned. Yeah, I guarantee this
dialog: bomb will pop right on schedule,
dialog: but you have to play your part -
dialog: you be a Saint and let me be the
dialog: Devil. But I wanna talk to you
dialog: first...
scene_heading: RESUME HUNSECKER'S PENTHOUSE
text: Hunsecker pauses, eyes full of cold voltage.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Don't come here. Susie is up and
dialog: about.
dialog: (listening)
dialog: He called her? You'd better see me
text: at the TV - three o'clock.
text: He bangs down the phone, tense thought in his manner.
scene_heading: INT. SIDNEY'S APARTMENT
text: Sally is busy with her typing again, but in a depressed mood
text: when Sidney comes out of the bedroom to put the phone down
text: on her desk again. He seems satisfied with himself, smug.
text: Sally watches him for a moment. Then:
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What are you going to do?
text: Sidney prepares to leave the apartment. His tone is full of
text: confidence, self-assertive. (For once Sidney is certain
text: that he is smarter, more cunning than even Hunsecker).
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (the wise one)
dialog: Chickie, a lotta people think
dialog: they're smart. You watch. They're
dialog: dumb: they'll do the work for me!
dialog: Just watch.
text: Sidney makes for the door, goes out.
scene_heading: INT. CIGAR STAND - LOBBY
text: Susan buys paper - DOLLY with her - toward elevator - she
text: gets in.
scene_heading: INT. HUNSECKER'S LIVING ROOM
text: J.J. has not moved; he is thoughtful and morose. Nikko, the
text: Japanese butler, comes in to remove the breakfast table.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: The table can wait. No calls. I
dialog: have to think about my TV show.
speaker_heading: NIKKO
dialog: Pleased to do. I will come back
dialog: later.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (abruptly)
dialog: Did you put the bread out on the
dialog: terrace for the birds?
speaker_heading: NIKKO
dialog: Yes, but they don't come no more
dialog: this time of year.
text: Smiling, Nikko leaves. Hunsecker picks up a pencil and
text: makes a note on a pad, about birds no doubt. Abruptly he
text: looks up, calling:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Susie! Come in a minute, dear...
text: She has been trying to pass unnoticed to her room. She
text: comes forward to him; her manner is serious and wary. His
text: act is one of a tasteful Mammy singer, but he is watchful,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Susie, you're very much in my
dialog: thoughts today.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: What a question, dear, with that
dialog: newspaper in your hand...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (pausing)
dialog: Did Sidney tell you about it?
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Yes, he phoned. I don't know this
dialog: boy too well. Anything in these
dialog: charges?
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Not being partial, are you?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (with quiet certainty)
dialog: No, I'm not. I'm not!
text: He soothes, smiles indulgent, but watchful:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Susie, take it easy. I'll trust
dialog: your judgment - you don't have to
dialog: protest with me.
text: With a paternal gesture of affection, he holds out his arms,
text: inviting her into his comforting embrace. Not wanting to,
text: she walks into his open waiting arms.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Why are you trembling, dear...?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: History repeats itself. Everything
dialog: that happened to Alan Leslie...began
dialog: with a smear like this...
text: Hunsecker considers this gravely, as if it was a new and
dialog: troubling thought.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Yes...
text: She leaves his arms; he watches keenly.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (incoherent)
dialog: It's just as if I've seen a ghost
dialog: today...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: But that wasn't your fault, dear,
dialog: what happened to Leslie. I've told
dialog: you that a million times...
text: He goes to her gently; she appraises both him and her
text: wrenched life with brooding, frightened eyes.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Then whose fault was it, J.J.? It
dialog: was someone's fault, wasn't it?
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: I wouldn't have called the boy
dialog: exactly balanced...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (stronger)
dialog: Alan was not...unbalanced when I
dialog: married him. And he was
dialog: not...'indifferent to women' no
dialog: matter what they said!
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (simply)
dialog: I'm not fighting with you, puss...
text: She gets up and walks around in considerable agitation.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: He never would have killed himself
dialog: if I hadn't gone through with the
dialog: annulment. Don't you see that made
dialog: all the rumors seem true? I should
dialog: have stood up for him...not run out.
text: She turns to Hunsecker, her manner firmer.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: J.J., I want you to get them back
text: their job, Steve and the Quintet.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: ("incredulously")
dialog: You mean they've been fired already,
dialog: on the basis of this crude smear?
text: He walks away with a wag of indignation, but turns, asking:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Susie, you're sure there isn't some
dialog: fire where there's this much smoke?
text: Susan shakes her head emphatically.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (earnestly)
dialog: I know Steve. No.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Then maybe you can tell me if he's
dialog: as solid as you say, why does he
dialog: rap me every chance he gets?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (involuntarily)
dialog: Sidney is a liar!
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Who said Sidney?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (defiantly)
dialog: I said Sidney!...
text: Staring, he pauses; then he deftly changes the subject.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: You know, dear, we're drifting
dialog: apart, you and I, and I don't like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I thought we were talking about
dialog: Sidney?
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (with rasp)
dialog: Let me finish, dear. You had your
dialog: say, now let me have mine...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I haven't said anything yet, J.J.,
dialog: but if -
text: Susan hesitates. Hunsecker waits for her to continue. But
text: she isn't yet sure enough of herself or of the point she
text: means to make. She turns away.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (gently)
dialog: I started to say we're drifting
dialog: apart. A year ago, in your wildest
dialog: dreams, would you have walked by
dialog: that door without taking up this
dialog: situation with me? Today I had to
dialog: call you in!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I'm taking up the situation with
dialog: you now...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Susie, I want to help you--,
dialog: there's nothing I won't do for you.
dialog: You're all I've got in the whole,
dialog: wide world.
text: Hunsecker strides about, elaborately playing on a note of
text: disillusion and pain.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Well, what have I got? Alimony to
dialog: a pair of tramps? They're of no
dialog: concern to me. It's you who count,
dialog: but don't get me wrong - I don't
dialog: intend to let you break your neck
dialog: again!
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: J.J., you said you want to help
dialog: me - prove it!
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Get Steve back his job...please...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (pausing)
dialog: He means that much to you...?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (simply)
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (then)
dialog: With your "prestige" it only takes
dialog: a minute - ten cents worth of
dialog: American Tel and Tel.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: You're picking up my lingo, hon.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (levelly)
dialog: I read your column every day...
text: He looks at her with pursed lips and, for a change, some
text: real interest. Her level, straightforward manner has pinned
text: him down completely; he shows a slow, charming grin, as he
dialog: goes for a private phone book:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Susie, I like this new attitude of
dialog: yours. You're growing up and I
dialog: like it! I don't like it when
dialog: you're limp and dependent, when
dialog: you're odd and wayward. This gives
dialog: you a chance for real survival in a
dialog: very lousy world. Because, don't
dialog: forget, dear, you won't always have
dialog: me with you, will you...?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: No, I won't...
text: He crosses to the white desk phone, delaying dialing for a
dialog: moment:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: This Dallas boy must be good for
dialog: you. Why not bring him around
dialog: today, before the show? This time
dialog: I'll clean my glasses for a better
dialog: look.
dialog: Susan doesn't like this idea, is evasive:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: I'm not sure I can reach him in time.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (easily)
dialog: Sure you can if you want to, and I
dialog: know you'll want to...
dialog: (then)
dialog: By the way, what's your beef
dialog: against little Sidney?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (steadily)
dialog: When I'm certain, I'll let you
dialog: know...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: A man couldn't ask for a squarer
dialog: shake.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Let me have Billy Van Cleve...
dialog: (then)
dialog: Don't ever tell anyone, Susie, how
dialog: I'm tied to your apron strings...
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Billy! J.J.! What's this about
dialog: that boy? What boy? Where are we,
dialog: lug, in a drawing room comedy?
dialog: You're brain is warming up,
dialog: sweetheart - yeah, Dallas!...
dialog: (then)
dialog: No, don't explain your point of
dialog: view, but...
scene_heading: EXT. TV THEATRE - DAY
text: CAMERA SHOOTS TOWARDS the entrance to the TV theatre. A
text: line of people are queuing for Hunsecker's TV Broadcast
text: which is advertised by large posters beside the entrance. A
text: taxi drives up in foreground; Susan Hunsecker gets out.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: Sidney comes up Sixth Avenue towards the theatre. As he
text: reaches the corner of the building, he halts, having seen...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: Susan is seen in the act of paying the driver. As the taxi
text: pulls away, Susan walks CAMERA left.
speaker_heading: TV THEATRE
text: Susan pauses, deciding not to enter the theatre; turning she
text: looks about her and waits on the sidewalk outside.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: Sidney decides that this is not the moment to approach Susan.
text: He glances down the sidestreet then moves off in that
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: SIDESTREET
text: Sidney moves down the sidestreet towards a stage entrance,
text: through which are emerging some TV technicians. He slips
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: INT. TV STATION
text: Hunsecker is standing at a table, stop watch in hand,
text: reading aloud from a script which he is rehearsing and
text: timing. Beside him sits Mary busy typing more of the
text: material from Hunsecker's handwritten note. Mary is calm,
text: but he is irritable, trying to concentrate despite the
text: bustle around him.
text: An old movie star, MILDRED TAM, sits waiting in one of the
text: canvas-backed chairs supplied for the guests on the show.
text: BURTON, a manager, also waits, deadpan, at Hunsecker's elbow.
text: Hunsecker clicks his stop watch as he reads:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: "I was reminded of it this morning,
dialog: when I noticed that the birds had
dialog: gone South. We want the same kind
dialog: of freedom for ourselves - that's
dialog: what the man said!
text: (he clicks the watch,
dialog: pauses to underline
dialog: the phrase, continues:)
dialog: A man has the right to face his
dialog: accusers! That's the American Way!
dialog: Who said? The man said! From..."
text: He turns in exasperation to Burton.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Burton, don't stand around. If I
dialog: go over I'll cut some items off the
dialog: tail...
text: Burton departs. Mary whips a second sheet out of the
text: typewriter, hands it to Hunsecker. As he accepts it,
text: Hunsecker looks off towards the auditorium.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: SHOOTING towards the auditorium, from Hunsecker's viewpoint.
text: Sidney mounts the steps onto the stage. Seeing that the
text: columnist is surrounded but knowing that J.J. wants to talk
text: to him privately, Sidney loiters so that J.J. can join him
text: as soon as he chooses to. CAMERA PULLS BACK to include
text: Hunsecker. Only momentarily distracted by private
text: considerations connected with Sidney's arrival, Hunsecker
text: returns to the business of timing the script. He clicks the
dialog: watch again...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: "From Washington through to
dialog: Jefferson, from Lincoln and F.D.R.
dialog: right up to today - the Democratic
dialog: Way of Life! That's what the man
dialog: said! Nowadays it doesn't export
dialog: to well...
dialog: (then, concluding)
dialog: But you know...and I know...that
dialog: our best secret weapon is D-E-M-O-
scene_heading: C-R-A-C-Y.
dialog: (dropping to a modest tone)
dialog: Let's never forget it, ladies and
dialog: gentlemen."
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Sidney lingers beside the old movie star who is listening,
text: rapt, to Hunsecker's words. Sidney is less impressed with
text: J.J.'s eloquence. At the conclusion, Mildred applauds
text: lightly. She stands up and moves towards J.J. J.J. wants
text: to talk to Sidney but is frustrated by the old movie star.
speaker_heading: MILDRED TAM
dialog: That's grand, just grand, J.J.!
dialog: (then, anxiously)
dialog: Is my makeup all right? You know,
dialog: despite the scads of movies I've
dialog: made, I've never appeared on TV
dialog: yet...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (cutting her short)
dialog: Of course, Mildred. Of course.
dialog: You look fine.
dialog: (swiftly summoning Mary)
dialog: Mary, help Miss Tam - anything she
dialog: wants; she's our star today.
text: Under the pretense of studying the typed script, J.J. walks
text: away across the stage. Sidney strolls after him.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: A TRACKING SHOT. Sidney comes up beside Hunsecker, falls
text: into step beside him. As they cross towards a water cooler
text: at the back of the stage, they talk in rapid undertone.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: I got that boy coming over here.
dialog: (a glance at Sidney)
dialog: What's so funny?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (who is smiling faintly)
text: With a pocket fulla firecrackers -
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (narrowly)
dialog: I think you loused this up but good.
dialog: If I can trust my eyes, and I think
dialog: I can, Susie knows all about your
dialog: dirty work.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: Can't hurt...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (incredulously)
dialog: Can't hurt? I had to get him back
dialog: his job.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (smugly)
dialog: I like that, too.
dialog: (closer, faster)
dialog: Look, J.J., we can wrap this up in
text: one neat bundle, addressed to the
dialog: dumps - to oblivion. We're going
dialog: great, but please play it my way.
dialog: I cased this kid.
dialog: Know his ins and outs...He's fulla
text: juice and vinegar, just begging for
dialog: some big shot like you to give him
dialog: a squeeze. Do little Sidney a
dialog: favor: squeeze! - You know, J.J. -
text: the porcupine bit - needles.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: But it's too late. I got him back
dialog: the job...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: No, that's the point - he won't
dialog: accept your favor! The manager
dialog: yes, but not the boy.
text: A pause. Hunsecker renumerates.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Well he's got her in a tizzy, I'll
dialog: tell you that!
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Sure, he steams her up - wants her
text: to stand on her own two feet and
dialog: all that jazz!
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: And who's feet is she on now?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Presumably yours...
dialog: (a hasty addition)
dialog: That's according to St. Dallas.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: What's this boy got that Susie likes?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: Integrity - acute, like indigestion.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: What does that mean - integrity?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (repeating as before)
text: A pocket fulla firecrackers -
dialog: looking for a match!
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: It's a new wrinkle to tell the
dialog: truth... I never thought I'd make a
dialog: killing on some guy's "integrity".
text: Hunsecker gives him certain slow begrudging admiration:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Full of beans, ain't you? But you
dialog: know that you'll stand or fall by
dialog: what you're doing now...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (grins; confidently)
dialog: Calculated risk. Only we happen to
dialog: know, J.J., that you like me. I'm
dialog: your star pupil -- I reflect back
dialog: to you your own talent.
text: Hunsecker permits himself a faint smile. Burton is
text: approaching with script in hand.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: I wouldn't like to take a bite of
dialog: you; you're a cookie full of arsenic.
text: Sidney smirks. He turns away and goes off towards the
text: auditorium in the background.
scene_heading: EXT. TV STATION - DAY
text: Frank D'Angelo pays a taxi out of which he and Steve have
text: just emerged. Frank turns towards the boy, resuming a
text: conversation as they stroll across the sidewalk towards the
text: entrance of the theatre.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (depressed)
dialog: I still think he's responsible for
text: the smear.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: Not that I'm convinced, but you'll
dialog: never prove it in a million years.
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Steve, you'll do what you want, but
dialog: it can't hurt; he offers you an
dialog: olive branch - so today like olives!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I guess you're right, but -
text: Steve completes the sentence with a slow shake of the head;
text: compromise is a gesture which he finds very difficult.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
text: D'Angelo studies the boy with a paternal affection.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: Steve, sometimes it's better not to
dialog: look at your own honesty; but to
text: look the other man in the face.
dialog: Not because you're my meal ticket -
dialog: which you are - but because I like
dialog: you and the boys, please take my
dialog: advice: we -
text: D'Angelo stops, halted by an expression which he sees in
text: Steve's face.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: He is looking through the glass doors of the TV Theatre, no
text: longer listening to D'Angelo's words; his face has hardened
dialog: in anger.
scene_heading: INT. TV THEATRE FOYER
text: From Steve's viewpoint. Sidney has come out of the curtained
text: entrance to the auditorium. CAMERA PULLS BACK to include
text: Steve in foreground. With a movement that suggests his
text: annoyance at discovering Sidney present, Steve jerks open
text: the glass door and moves in.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Susan is waiting in the foyer. She is standing in a position
text: where she has not been able to see Steve until he enters;
text: now she moves forward to greet him. As soon as she is near
text: him, she speaks in a quiet, urgent manner:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (in an undertone)
dialog: Steve, before we go in - I'd like
dialog: to...
text: But she, too, is halted as Steve lays a hand on her arm.
text: Seeing his look over her shoulder, she turns...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: He is already strolling forward to join them. CAMERA PANS
text: with him to include Susie, Steve and D'Angelo.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Hey, Susie - This is a real
dialog: surprise -- not one but three.
dialog: J.J.'s just finishing up his
dialog: rehearsal.
speaker_heading: STAGE
text: Hunsecker comes forward to the front of the stage looking
dialog: towards...
scene_heading: STEVE, SUSAN, D'ANGELO AND SIDNEY
text: In the group that comes down the aisle of the empty theatre.
scene_heading: RESUME HUNSECKER
text: He studies them, then calls out:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Looks like a wedding.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Hunsecker back to CAMERA in foreground; he begins to whistle
text: The Wedding March to the rhythm of Steve and Susan's walk.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: He breaks the rhythm of his stride, his face rigid.
scene_heading: RESUME HUNSECKER
text: He descends to meet them; his manner is full of welcome.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Susan nervously makes the introduction - Steve is nervous;
text: D'Angelo hangs behind warily; Sidney is in background.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Steve, you remember my brother...
scene_heading: STEVE &amp; HUNSECKER
dialog: (together)
dialog: Of course.
text: Steve shakes the hand that the smiling Hunsecker gives.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Well, son, looks like you went out
dialog: and bought yourself a packet of
dialog: trouble...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You've been very kind about it, Mr.
dialog: Hunsecker.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Give Susie credit for that. I took
dialog: her word that there was nothing to
dialog: the smear. Matter of fact, I'll
dialog: have my say about smears on the
dialog: show today. That's why I'd like
dialog: YOUR personal assurance, too.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Mr. Hunsecker, there's nothing to
dialog: that smear. You have my sincere
dialog: word...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (nodding judicially)
dialog: I'll by that, son. Now, you owe ME
dialog: a favor.
dialog: (pausing; to Susan)
dialog: Be good to my kid sister...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (solemnly)
dialog: Yeah, she's had a peck of trouble
dialog: for a kid...
text: Hunsecker flicks a look at Sidney. No one else, warier by
text: the minute, knows what to say. Hunsecker purrs onward:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Susie likes to keep her girlish
dialog: secrets. But in her heart of
dialog: hearts I imagine, Dallas, that she
dialog: fancies you in an uncommon way.
dialog: Now, what about YOU, son? Not just
dialog: tom-catting around...I hope?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: J.J., Steve isn't...
text: Hunsecker cuts her off with lazy good nature:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Take it easy, Susie. He wouldn't
dialog: be much of a man if he didn't
dialog: understand my concern. Would you,
dialog: son?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (pausing, quietly)
dialog: No, I wouldn't...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Serious as a deacon...I like it. I
dialog: like your style, son! In a world
dialog: of old rags and bones, I like it!
dialog: For instance, take Sidney.
text: Hunsecker crosses toward Sidney.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER (CONT'D)
dialog: If Sidney got anywhere near Susie
dialog: I'd break a bat over Sidney's head!
dialog: (smiling faintly)
dialog: Sidney lives so much in a moral
dialog: twilight that, when I said you were
dialog: coming here, he predicted disaster.
dialog: You wouldn't take my favor -- you'd
dialog: chew up the job, he said, and spit
dialog: it right back in my face!
dialog: (sniffing)
dialog: Any truth in that...?
scene_heading: D'ANGELO, STEVE AND SUSAN
text: Steve is thrown for a loss momentarily; Frank steps in.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: No, Mr. Hunsecker, and if I can
dialog: amplify --
scene_heading: HUNSECKER AND SIDNEY
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (motionless)
dialog: Don't amplify.
scene_heading: RESUME D'ANGELO, STEVE AND SUSAN
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: Steve wantsa thank you for this
dialog: favor. He --
speaker_heading: GROUP SHOT
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (provocatively)
dialog: Frank, you don't listen! J.J. just
dialog: told you to shut your mouth!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (hotly)
dialog: Don't you think it's about time you
dialog: shut yours? Who are you to tell a
dialog: man like Frank D'Angelo to shut up?!
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (warningly)
dialog: Steve, that isn't important --
text: But Steve, on a heated rip, has turned to Hunsecker:
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Does he have to be here in our hair?
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Why, has he bothered you before?
scene_heading: STEVE, D'ANGELO AND SUSAN
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Is it news to you?
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Son, lots of people tell me I'm a
dialog: gifted man, but I still can't see
text: around corners.
speaker_heading: GROUP SHOT
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (tolerantly)
dialog: Just exactly what are you so hot
dialog: about?
dialog: (waiting)
dialog: I mean, I know it's a difficult
dialog: thing to be an artist in this
dialog: crudest of possible worlds, but --
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Nuts! I'm not here as an artist!
dialog: I'm here as an average Joe, who
dialog: happens to love your sister Susie!
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (with ironic smirk)
dialog: Well, just be careful you don't
dialog: knock her down, huh?
text: Steve stops dead. Then, strangely and dangerously, he picks
text: up Hunsecker's smile. On each man's face the smile broadens
text: and grows up into a chuckle from each; but the meanness
text: still flickers around Hunsecker's mouth. Steve is out of
dialog: the net!
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (affably)
dialog: Frankly, son, you lost me on that
dialog: last hill. Just give us the punch
dialog: line...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (agreeably)
dialog: No punch line. Maybe I was just
dialog: admiring your know-how---yours and
dialog: Falco's.
scene_heading: HUNSECKER AND SIDNEY
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Why do you keep coupling me with
dialog: Falco?
scene_heading: STEVE, D'ANGELO AND SUSAN
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: He's here, isn't he? Do you think,
dialog: sir, when he dies he'll go to the
dialog: dog and cat heaven?
scene_heading: HUNSECKER AND SIDNEY
text: Even Hunsecker smiles. Sidney likes neither the ridicule or
text: the turn of events. He moves quickly past CAMERA.
scene_heading: SIDNEY, STEVE, D'ANGELO AND SUSAN
text: Sidney comes round the row of theatre seats to attack Steve.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Let's forget cats and dogs and
dialog: other pseudo-literary remarks---
dialog: I'll just lay it on the line! What
dialog: about that big rumpus in my office
dialog: today? You were there, Frank!
dialog: Where, according to St. Dallas, J.J.
dialog: was responsible for the Elwell smear!
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Don't go wild, Sidney.
speaker_heading: GROUP SHOT
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Wild? Take a look at them and see
dialog: who's wild...
text: Playing along nicely, Hunsecker looks at Steve and Frank and
text: slowly removes his arm from Susan; he pauses before asking
dialog: Dallas:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: What about that...?
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (uneasily)
dialog: Steve was excited...he didn't mean
dialog: it exactly the way it's stated
dialog: here...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (to Steve)
dialog: How did you mean it...?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY SUSAN
dialog: What he likes to--- J.J., I don't want to say---
text: With a roar Hunsecker takes them both out of play; he stands
dialog: up.
scene_heading: SIDNEY, STEVE, D'ANGELO
text: Hunsecker enters from behind CAMERA.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Both of you keep quiet!
dialog: (to Sidney)
dialog: You've made more damage here in one
dialog: minute than a plague of locusts!
dialog: If you're tired, Susie, sit down---
dialog: this needs investigation!
dialog: (to Steve, quieter)
dialog: How did you mean it...?
dialog: (waiting)
dialog: Come on, let's go! Let's go!...
text: Steve is cornered, the other completely out of play. He
dialog: pauses:
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I don't take kindly to you and
dialog: Falco selling me ethics. Who's the
dialog: injured party here, you?
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (with contempt)
dialog: Right now you're in no position to
dialog: ask questions! And your snide
dialog: remarks---
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (stronger)
dialog: Wait a minute, I haven't handed
dialog: over punishing privileges to you
dialog: YET! Put the whip down and I might
dialog: respect what you're saying...
text: Switching his leonine tail, Hunsecker looks broodingly at
text: Susie. Frank says one beseeching word, "Steve...", but no
text: one hears him.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Susie, did you know about this
dialog: accusation...?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (mutely)
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (abruptly)
dialog: Before you leave, son, I'll answer
dialog: your question---Susan Hunsecker is
dialog: the injured party here!
dialog: (balefully)
dialog: Or will I be hearing next that I
dialog: don't even have my sister's welfare
dialog: at heart...
speaker_heading: STEVE AND SUSAN
text: Steve hesitates defensively but can't resist a small smile;
text: he moves nearer to Susan.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Mr. Hunsecker, you've got more
text: twists than a barrel of pretzels.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (unturning)
dialog: You hear that, Susie...
dialog: (to Steve)
dialog: Continue please...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: I'm afraid I can't cope with them.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Susan in foreground, Steve, Hunsecker and Sidney beyond.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (simply)
dialog: You're too shrewd for me so I'll
dialog: just be honest. Susie and I love
dialog: each other, if I'm not mistaken,
dialog: and we want to get married.
text: Hunsecker pauses; Sidney throws in a stage whisper:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Give him credit---the boy's gall is
dialog: gorgeous!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Why don't we hear what Susie has to
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (sardonically)
dialog: That's stout of you, Dallas, but
dialog: Susie may not care to air her
dialog: dismal views in public...
text: Steve walks to Susie, trying to lift her with his hopes and
text: air of gentle urging and support.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Susie...?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: She stares at the floor.
scene_heading: RESUME REVERSE ANGLE
dialog: Hunsecker doesn't like the drift of things; his mouth
text: tightens and he speaks to Susan with veiled warning:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Susie, as always, is free to say
dialog: anything she thinks. Go on, dear,
dialog: say exactly what's on your mind,
dialog: dear.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Those "dears" sound like daggers.
dialog: May I suggest that you stop DARING
dialog: her to speak?
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: May I lift my eyebrows? What is
dialog: this? What are you trying to do?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (strongly)
dialog: I'm trying to get Susie to stand up
dialog: to you. But your manner is so
text: threatening that she's afraid to
dialog: speak!
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Son, you raise your voice again and
dialog: you'll be outa here on your golden
dialog: pratt!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: Suddenly Susan lets loose, with restrained nervous energy;
text: she is near to tears.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Steve, if only for my sake, I want
dialog: this stopped! And the same goes
dialog: for you, too, J.J.!
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: He interjects.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (contritely)
dialog: Susie, I'm sorry if---
speaker_heading: RESUME SUSAN
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Sometimes I think ALL men are
dialog: fools!...
text: Restraining tears, she runs up the steps to the stage.
scene_heading: STEVE, HUNSECKER AND SIDNEY
text: Steve looks after her. Sidney watches intently. Hunsecker's
text: smile is frostily taunting:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: You see, Dallas, a plague on both
dialog: our houses...
dialog: (then)
dialog: We may have to call this game on
dialog: account of darkness...
text: Steve turns a blank-eyed stare at him. Tension gone, a slow
text: mumbling fatigue has set in. Hunsecker plays it light:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: If looks could kill, I'm dead...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: No, I don't care about you --
dialog: you're fantastic. My whole
dialog: interest, if it's not too late, is
dialog: in Susie...and how to undo what
dialog: you've done to her...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: And what have I done to her,
dialog: besides not buy her a new fur coat
dialog: lately? Sidney, you were right --
dialog: the boy's a dilly.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (stung)
dialog: Why? Because I don't like the way
dialog: you toy with human lives? - Your
dialog: contempt and malice? Because I
dialog: won't be the accomplice of your
dialog: sick ego - and the way it's crippled
dialog: Susie...? You think of yourself -
dialog: you and your column - you see
dialog: yourself as a national glory...but
dialog: to me, and thousands of others like
dialog: me, you and your slimy scandal,
dialog: your phony patriotics - to me, Mr.
dialog: Hunsecker, you are a national
dialog: disgrace!
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (blandly)
dialog: Son, I don't fancy shooting
text: mosquitoes with elephant guns. So
dialog: suppose you just shuffle along and
dialog: call it a day...
text: He turns and stares away, but Steve stops him with---
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: But my day with Susie isn't over
dialog: yet and--
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (cold)
dialog: Ten'll get you fifty you're playing
dialog: hookey from a padded cell!
speaker_heading: STAGE
text: Hunsecker comes up the steps from the auditorium, Sidney
text: following closely behind. In background, beyond, Steve and
text: D'Angelo are walking up the aisle to the exit. CAMERA
text: TRACKS CLOSE on Sidney and Hunsecker. Hunsecker's face is
text: rigid. Sidney, close at his elbow, whispers:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You did it, J.J., you did it good...
text: Sidney is full of confidence. But Hunsecker barely hears
text: him (Hunsecker has been hurt very deeply by the boy's
text: attack; in particular, by the appalling fear that what Steve
dialog: has said is the kind of thing which Susan may also secretly
dialog: believe.)
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Susan is still standing in the wings. Mary is with her,
text: obviously sympathetic. The girl is drying her eyes with
text: Kleenex, and Mary glances at her employer with a look of
text: reproach. Hunsecker walks round the table, obviously trying
text: to approach Susan; seeing this, Susan turns away and moves
text: further from him. Hunsecker stops.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: There is some emotion in his face as he looks towards the
text: girl. More gently, he moves forward past CAMERA...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: Sensing the approach of Hunsecker behind her, she moves away
text: again; she is still crying, but is trying to recover.
text: Presently Hunsecker approaches her again. He speaks very
text: gently, soothingly, comforting...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You in a mood, Susie, to run over
dialog: to Milgrim's later and buy a few
dialog: new frocks?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (a small voice)
dialog: No. I'm going home.
text: Hunsecker again tries to come nearer to her.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Want Sidney to drive you over?
text: Ignoring the shake of her head, he calls to Sidney.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Drive Susie home.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: Again we see some emotion in his face as he studies the girl.
text: His eyes flick towards the stage behind him where Sidney
text: stands watching. He moves gently forward and then speaks in
text: a quiet voice which reveals how desperately he needs her
dialog: reassurance:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Susie...I...I'd have to take it
dialog: very much amiss if you ever saw
dialog: that boy again.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: After a pause, she turns towards him; she looks him straight
text: in the face.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (levelly)
dialog: I'll never see him again.
scene_heading: RESUME HUNSECKER
text: He seems to take this as a gesture of forgiveness from her.
text: Now he touches her. His need for her is apparent; he tries
text: to reach her, tries to find an excuse to embrace her. She
text: submits to this very passively.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: A VERY CLOSE SHOT. We see the effort with which she is
dialog: controlling herself.
scene_heading: RESUME TWO SHOT
text: Satisfied with this crumb of affection from his sister,
text: Hunsecker lets her go. Susan moves away, still avoiding his
text: eyes. Then she goes off towards the steps down into the
text: auditorium. Sidney looks at Hunsecker, then after Susan and
text: follows her.
scene_heading: RESUME HUNSECKER
text: He goes back to Mary and the script. He instructs her:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Call Van Cleve. Tell him he was
dialog: right. Tell him I said the Dallas
dialog: boys are not worthy of his club.
text: Poring over the typewritten pages, he senses Mary's eyes on
text: him. He speaks to her quietly without raising his head and
text: there is still an undertone of feeling in his voice:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: Mary...for Susie's own good...don't
dialog: give her misplaced sympathy...
text: Mary says nothing. Hunsecker gathers his papers and with a
dialog: visible effort to resume his public personality turns
text: towards the machinery of the television broadcast in
dialog: background.
scene_heading: INT. TV THEATRE FOYER
text: Susan crosses towards the doors out onto the street. Sidney
text: comes behind her, watchful as he overtakes her near the
text: doors. He goes past her to open the door for her.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: I'll get you a cab...
text: Susan stops dead.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Get away from me.
text: She goes out into the street. Beyond, we see a crushing cab.
dialog: Hesitating, Sidney adds:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: J.J. asked me to drive you over
dialog: and -
text: But Susan has already moved out of shot, hurrying across the
text: sidewalk to hail the taxi.
speaker_heading: RESUME SIDNEY
text: Uncertain what to do, whether to follow her or not, he moves
dialog: after her.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: She has already opened the door of the taxi. She turns to
text: see Sidney come up behind her. As he enters SHOT, she
dialog: repeats:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I told you to leave! I don't know
dialog: if Steve'll ever talk to me again
dialog: and I'm ready to blame it all on you!
text: She starts to get into the cab...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: Alert, he moves to detain her (anxious to know exactly the
dialog: extent of her suspicion.)
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Susie...!
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As Sidney steps up, he grasps at the door of the taxi,
text: trying to hold it open, but Susan pulls it shut, catching
text: his fingers in the door. Sidney steps back in pain...
speaker_heading: TAXI
text: It drives off down Sixth Avenue.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: Nursing the injury to his hand, he looks after the
text: disappearing taxi. As he recovers from the pain, his
text: expression slowly changes to one of thoughtful appraisal.
dialog: (Susan's suspicions maybe of less importance than some other
dialog: considerations.)
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. TWENTY ONE CLUB WASHROOM - NIGHT
text: Hunsecker and Sidney are washing in adjoining basins. Coat
text: off, the former is in one of his punitive moods of silence.
text: Sidney, despite his throbbing, bandaged finger, is feeling
text: satisfied and self-confident. He hums quietly. Hunsecker
text: throws him annoyed side-glances, but Sidney refuses to
text: "catch on". The following dialogue is spaced between the
text: washing, the drying and hair-combing.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: So that's what "integrity" looks
dialog: like. Well, I'm always willing to
dialog: learn...
dialog: (later)
dialog: How is that slob, D'Angelo, your
dialog: uncle?
text: Sidney no longer hums; after a moment, he answers.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: My mother's side--her brother.
dialog: That reminds me, J.J., Susie looks
dialog: run down. She can stand a vacation
dialog: and so can you. People say, "Oh,
dialog: the great J.J., he's made of
dialog: iron!", but you can use a rest, guy.
text: Sidney's cheerfulness annoys Hunsecker.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: What are you so chipper about? If
dialog: I put a cross on every one of your
dialog: mistakes, you'd look like a
dialog: graveyard!
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: But not for anything I did today...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Sidney, I know human nature. Susie
dialog: lied to me - she'll see that boy
dialog: again.
text: Hunsecker moves out of shot.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: You're right, J.J. - she won't give
text: him up, but it doesn't matter.
dialog: Because the real "money ball" is
dialog: the boy, not Susan. And if --
text: Hearing the sound of the door, Sidney turns sharply. CAMERA
text: MOVES to discover that Hunsecker has gone out. Sidney,
text: quickly, finishing the brushing of his hair, follows...
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - "21" CLUB
text: Two waiters are fussing over Hunsecker's table at which
text: places are already set for Sidney and Hunsecker. Matre d'
text: hands him an envelope as he passes.
speaker_heading: MATRE D'
dialog: Mr. Hunsecker this was to be
dialog: delivered to you personally -
text: When the columnist comes up to the table, the waiters
text: quickly pull out the table for him. Sidney comes to join
text: him; Sidney gets some attention, but considerably less.
text: CAMERA MOVES CLOSER.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: These drinks are warm.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: You said you like to have them on
dialog: your table.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: What are you a critic?
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: I'll change --
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Forget it.
dialog: (to Sidney)
dialog: The real money ball is the boy...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Yeah, the boy...we're on the verge
text: of a farce, a real farce. As I see
dialog: it, if Susie had stood behind him
dialog: today he might have proved a threat.
dialog: But since primarily he's wedded to
dialog: his work, he's not going to be able
dialog: to take it.
text: A waiter shifts the position of the salad dish at Hunsecker's
dialog: elbow.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (to waiter)
dialog: Stop tinkering, pal - that horse
dialog: radish won't jump a fence!
text: The waiter retreats rapidly.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: In brief, J.J., it's all over
dialog: because any hour now the boy will
dialog: give her up. Is it a farce or not?
text: Delicately salting his oysters, Hunsecker looks obliquely at
dialog: Sidney.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: This syrup you're giving out,
dialog: Sidney, you pour over waffles, not
dialog: J.J. Hunsecker! What do you mean
dialog: that lousy kid will give up my
dialog: sister?
text: Hunsecker, with a casual gesture, tugs lightly at the end of
text: Sidney's tie.
text: Hunsecker's gesture is playful, but it inflicts great injury
dialog: to Sidney's dignity; Sidney cannot bear to be touched; he
text: finds this liberty on J.J.'s part as intolerable as anything
dialog: he has experienced, and only with great difficulty controls
text: himself. The SHOT FAVORS Sidney.
scene_heading: SIDNEY AND HUNSECKER
dialog: Hunsecker continues:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Are you listening?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (warily)
dialog: How does it matter who's sister?
dialog: The main thing, they're through
dialog: and -
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: From Sidney's viewpoint. Without turning, Hunsecker
dialog: interrupts:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Am I supposed to forget how that
dialog: boy talked to me today?
scene_heading: RESUME SIDNEY AND HUNSECKER
text: Sidney senses a warning in Hunsecker's manner. He protests:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: J.J., is he worthy of a second
dialog: glance from a man like you? Is he,
dialog: I mean?...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: From Sidney's viewpoint. Pausing during the process of
text: eating, Hunsecker reaches into an inside pocket.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Brief epitaph: "The boy was talking
dialog: when he should have been listening."
dialog: (then)
dialog: Bite on this.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to include Sidney as Hunsecker tosses in
text: front of him an envelope. Sidney opens it, extracts two
dialog: steamship tickets.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Steamship tickets?
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (as he eats)
dialog: For the next sailing of the Mary.
dialog: Susan's run down - she's never been
dialog: abroad and as you so cogently put
dialog: it, I'm not made of iron.
text: Sidney slowly pushes the envelope back to Hunsecker, who
text: leaves it lying on the table before him.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: That's good. Now that louse is
dialog: outa Susie's hair for good.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: He has an instinct to laugh; but something tells him not to.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: As Sidney makes no response, Hunsecker slowly, carefully
text: continues in a voice which is dangerously soft:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: I want that boy taken apart.
scene_heading: SIDNEY AND HUNSECKER
text: SHOOTING ACROSS Hunsecker onto Sidney. Sidney puts down his
text: fork. He sees now that the issue is serious and must be
dialog: faced.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: Why do something that would drive
text: them right back into each other's
dialog: arms? Not to mention that this
dialog: time Susie would know who shot the
dialog: arrow...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (interjecting quietly)
dialog: She knows now.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Why give her real proof? You
dialog: nearly ruined her with her first
dialog: husband - and you were right,
text: J.J., - but she almost followed him
dialog: out the window. What do you want -
dialog: a chronic invalid?
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: He wants no advice from Sidney. He interrupts with quiet
text: savagery.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: I know how to handle Susie. You
dialog: just handle the boy, Sidney...
dialog: (scribbles on scratch pad)
dialog: ...preferably tonight.
dialog: (pushes pad across to Sidney)
scene_heading: SIDNEY AND HUNSECKER
text: SHOOTING ACROSS Hunsecker onto Sidney. Sidney feels sick.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Why, what's tomorrow - a holiday?
text: CAMERA MOVES CLOSER as Sidney picks scratch pad up. We can
text: read two words: "Get Kello".
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: I think I'll go home - maybe I left
text: my sense of humor in another suit.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: Hunsecker finishes eating. During the ensuing speech, which
text: he begins quietly and sensibly, Hunsecker's venomous feelings
text: are unexpectedly betrayed.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: You've got that God-given brain -
dialog: learn to use it! Do you think it's
dialog: a personal matter with me, this boy?
dialog: Are you telling me I see things in
dialog: terms of personal pique? Don't you
dialog: see that today that boy wiped his
text: feet on the choice, on the
dialog: predilections of sixty million men
dialog: and women of the greatest country
dialog: in the world! If you had any
dialog: morals yourself, you would
dialog: understand the immorality of that
dialog: boy's stand today! It was not me
dialog: he criticized - it was my readers!...
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to include Sidney. Hunsecker manages to
text: control himself; he reaches with nervous fingers toward his
text: scribbling pad.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: Sidney's face has tightened. He has begun now to realize
text: the extent of this man's megalomania. After a moment he
dialog: says:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: I'm leaving, J.J....
scene_heading: HUNSECKER AND SIDNEY
text: SHOOTING ACROSS Sidney onto Hunsecker.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (a quiet warning)
dialog: Don't remove the gangplank, Sidney;
dialog: you may wanna get back on board.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: Sidney feels the chill of despair upon him.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: This crab gumbo - terrific!
scene_heading: HUNSECKER AND SIDNEY
text: SHOOTING ACROSS Hunsecker onto Sidney. A waiter has come to
text: serve the next course. Hunsecker appears relaxed, but
text: Sidney is sightlessly staring at the piece of paper in his
text: hand. He speaks with a quaver in his voice, for he has
dialog: worked hard to make a life which is now ready to relinquish:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: J.J., it's one thing to wear your
dialog: dog collar...but when it gets to be
dialog: a noose...I'd rather have my freedom.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: The man in jail is always for
dialog: freedom.
text: Sidney begins to get up from the table.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (as he rises)
dialog: Except, if you'll excuse me, I'm
dialog: not in jail.
text: Hunsecker looks up at Sidney.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: From Sidney's viewpoint.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (easily)
dialog: Sure you're in jail, Sidney.
dialog: You're a prisoner of your own
dialog: fears, of your own greed and
dialog: ambition; you're in jail.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: From Hunsecker's viewpoint.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: J.J. If you're trying to -
text: He leans over Hunsecker and the CAMERA PULLS BACK to include
dialog: Hunsecker in f.g.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: You, little boy, don't know who you
dialog: are! Talking around corners with
dialog: the big shots, ten dollar dinners -
dialog: fourteen suits and cashmere coats -
dialog: you tell yourself THAT'S who you
dialog: are! Later you won't know who you
dialog: are without a penthouse on upper
dialog: Park! But underneath it all,
dialog: ratting around from day to day, you
dialog: DO know who you are! You're a
text: fearful, ignorant nobody - a poor
dialog: wop kid from the slums of Philly -
dialog: hoping nobody else finds it out!
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: A CLOSE UP. He knows the truth of what is said. But he
text: takes refuge in quiet retaliation:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: A little hunch occurs to me - you
text: have just painted a self-portrait.
dialog: You know who YOU are because you
dialog: scare people - that's what you've
dialog: got against this boy. He -
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: Hunsecker is prepared to give it out, but not take it.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: I told you what I want you to do
dialog: tonight!
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: He looks down on Hunsecker, leans over the table.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: You're blind, Mr. Magoo. This is a
dialog: crossroads for me. I won't get
dialog: Kello. Not for a life-time pass to
dialog: the Polo Grounds. Not if you serve
dialog: me Ingrid Bergman on a plate.
text: CAMERA has PULLED BACK to include Hunsecker, whose attention
text: has returned to his food.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (over patient)
dialog: Sidney, I told you -
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: J.J., I swear to you on my mother's
dialog: life, I won't do it.
dialog: (he leans even closer)
dialog: If you gave me your COLUMN I
dialog: wouldn't do a thing like that...
text: But as he speaks the last words, Sidney's voice falters
text: because he has glanced down at the table...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: We see that an idea has entered his head - an idea that
text: takes the wind out of his indignation. His eyes lift
text: rapidly to Hunsecker's face.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (delicately touching
dialog: the envelope)
dialog: And who do you think writes the
dialog: column while Susie and I are away
dialog: for three months?...
speaker_heading: RESUME SIDNEY
text: He is quite speechless. Over scene Hunsecker's voice:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER (V.O.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...The man in the moon?
scene_heading: HUNSECKER AND SIDNEY
text: CAMERA SHOOTS across Sidney again onto Hunsecker. Hunsecker
text: leans back, looks at Sidney.
text: Seeing that Sidney has accepted the proposition, he smiles.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Thank you, Sidney.
text: In a pleasantly affable way, he leans across the table to
text: tap the hand with which Sidney is leaning on the table.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: And, Sidney, I'll have that piece
dialog: of paper back...
text: Helplessly, Sidney unclenches a fist and reveals the slip of
text: paper which he had meant to keep. Hunsecker takes it. With
text: his eyes on Sidney, he slowly tears it up...
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CIGAR STAND AND PHONE BOOTH - EVENING
text: D'Angelo is buying a cigar at the counter. He turns as
text: Steve opens the door of one of the booths and comes out.
text: Steve is in a gloomy, irksome mood; D'Angelo is sympathetic
dialog: and fatherly.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: She'll be down in a minute.
text: CAMERA TRACKS with them as they come out into the hallway.
text: They move towards the side entrance, away from the elevators.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: What does she wanna see you about?
text: The boy shrugs impatiently.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: She didn't say.
text: Some passersby come down the hall and enter a waiting
text: elevator, barely glancing at D'Angelo and the boy. D'Angelo
text: feels uneasy.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: I could think of better places to
dialog: meet her, instead of here. He
text: lives on the whole top floor.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (carelessly)
dialog: I doubt that it matters any more.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
text: He addresses Steve soberly.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: Steve. You made a very dangerous
dialog: enemy of him today. Matter of
dialog: fact, I'm very glad we got the tour
dialog: ahead. If I'm any judge, you hurt
dialog: him today where he lives... He
dialog: won't forget it and he won't
dialog: forgive...
scene_heading: RESUME STEVE AND D'ANGELO
text: Steve is silent. He hears the sound of the elevator door
text: opening and turns.
text: Susan comes out of the elevator, the one farthest from them,
text: and looks around.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: (as she comes forward
dialog: to join them)
dialog: Good evening, Mr. D'Angelo.
text: D'Angelo acknowledges her greeting, touches his hat and
text: retires tactfully. Susan faces Steve. It's an awkward
text: meeting. Each does not know where the other stands. She
text: has thrown her fur coat about her shoulders like a cloak; it
text: will keep slipping off. He is faintly embittered, a little
text: hurt and baffled, but he is sympathetic; he is involved and
dialog: concerned.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE TWO SHOT OVER SHOULDER - SUSAN TO STEVE
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Hello, Steve. I'm glad you could
dialog: come.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Why did you call me?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Would you buy me a cup of coffee?
dialog: In there...
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Susan nods in the direction of the door into the little cafe.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Sure.
text: As he walks with her towards the cafe:
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: We're on our way to Robard's for a
dialog: benefit. I've only got five
dialog: minutes...
scene_heading: INT. CAFE
text: As they enter the cafe, the Counterman looks up from counting
text: the day's take at the far end.
speaker_heading: COUNTERMAN
dialog: Too late for service.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: Just two cups of java.
speaker_heading: COUNTERMAN
dialog: (with a twinkle)
dialog: We serve here only moka coffee.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (smiling faintly)
dialog: Make it moke.
text: The Counterman goes to the urn for the coffee.
speaker_heading: SUSAN AND STEVE
text: A closer angle. They talk in quiet undertones. Steve waits
text: for her to speak first; she starts slowly, hesitantly, with
dialog: difficulty:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Steve...what you tried to do
dialog: today...you tried to take me up on
dialog: a high mountain...I couldn't go all
dialog: the way...I failed you...
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: Will you forgive me?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Have I lost you, Steve? Have I...?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Well, maybe I was wrong, too... But
dialog: there's no doubt, Susie, that we
dialog: have to face some serious things...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: No one's ever stood up to my
dialog: brother the way you did.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (quietly, to the point)
dialog: But you didn't do much about it,
dialog: Susie. You walked out, and there I
dialog: was...solo...and not too good at
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I just didn't think that I could
dialog: antagonize him, Steve -- for OUR
dialog: sake, I mean.
speaker_heading: STEVE
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Susie, I was there for OUR sake,
dialog: too. But what a world it would be
dialog: if we were all afraid to learn to
dialog: walk and talk because it might
dialog: offend poppa! By the way, I think
dialog: your brother was completely
dialog: responsible for the smears...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: This accusation is made lightly, in passing. But Susan
text: reacts to it, trying to interject:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Steve, I...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (overriding her)
dialog: But I don't care about that now.
dialog: He knew what he was doing today.
dialog: He was laying down the conditions
dialog: under which he MIGHT consent to our
dialog: marriage - if I would bend to every
dialog: whim of his, like Sidney! I
dialog: couldn't do that, Susie...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: After a pause, she says:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You're saying goodbye, aren't you?
speaker_heading: SUSAN AND STEVE
text: Steve flares up.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: No! I'm saying that for your sake
dialog: you have to make a clean break with
dialog: your brother!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (wrenched)
dialog: But, please, Steve, please - one
dialog: step at a time! I was born only
dialog: yesterday!...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (pausing, softer)
dialog: I told your brother I couldn't be
dialog: his accomplice. I can't be yours
dialog: either, Susie, and encourage him to
dialog: go on pulverizing you. I know what
dialog: type - he's my old man all over
dialog: again!
text: Susan, pathetically despairing, fingers the handle of her
text: coffee cup, which she has not touched. The coat slips from
dialog: her shoulders...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Steve stoops to pick it up, replaces it on her shoulders.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: This beautiful coat is more than
dialog: just a coat... I hate it! It's a
dialog: mink straight-jacket!
text: Susan turns to him. She is deflated, lacking all will power.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (drooping)
dialog: Steve, I feel exhausted...what do
dialog: you want me to do?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (not sure of himself)
dialog: Not what you're doing now. At
dialog: least don't ask me - don't ask him.
dialog: You're fighting for your life!
dialog: What do YOU want to do?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (pausing, woodenly)
dialog: You are saying goodbye, aren't
dialog: you...?
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: He reacts vigorously, protesting:
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: That's fish four days old...! I
dialog: can't buy it, Susie! Right out of
dialog: that mouth I love, like you're a
dialog: ventriloquist's dummy, your BROTHER
dialog: is saying goodbye! Gee!...you want
dialog: me to be honest, don't you?!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: A despairing cry:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: No, Steve, I don't. I don't. Not
dialog: if it KILLS me I don't!...
speaker_heading: SUSAN AND STEVE
text: It takes her a moment to recover. When she does so, she
text: gets up, leaving the counter.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (without luster)
dialog: Let's not talk any more...you have
dialog: to go...
text: She moves towards the exit into the hallway; he follows.
speaker_heading: HALLWAY
text: D'Angelo is waiting for them. Silently they come up to join
text: him, very depressed. Susan looks towards D'Angelo, speaks a
dialog: little pathetically:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Goodbye, Mr. D'Angelo. Take care
dialog: of Steve.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I will, Miss Hunsecker.
text: He walks a little way down the corridor, again leaving them
dialog: alone.
speaker_heading: SUSAN AND STEVE
text: She smiles at him, trying to smile, trying to make a joke.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Say something funny...Mr.
dialog: Hasenfeffer.
text: Steve steps to her quickly, kisses her. Then he turns and
text: swiftly walks off down the corridor without a backward
text: glance. He goes past D'Angelo, who walks quietly after him
text: towards the exit in background.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: She remains just in the attitude in which he left her.
scene_heading: EXT. BRILL BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Steve comes out of the door, pauses without looking back.
text: D'Angelo comes up behind him.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: Look back, Frank, see if she's
dialog: still standing there...
text: D'Angelo looks discreetly over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: From D'Angelo's point of view. She is still standing where
text: Steve left her.
scene_heading: RESUME STEVE AND D'ANGELO
text: D'Angelo turns back to Steve.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: Still there...
text: Steve, still without looking back, walks up the street;
text: CAMERA TRACKING WITH THEM.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (with sympathy)
dialog: Not that I don't like her - she's a
dialog: very lovely person, but who can
dialog: tell? A year from now you might
dialog: thank your stars that it turned out
dialog: this way.
dialog: (changing the subject)
dialog: By the way, Robard said that...
text: Steve, his manner full of pain, stops.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Frank, I don't want to make the
dialog: benefit. They'll be jammin' all
dialog: night, and the way I feel -- I'd
dialog: like to be alone -- I'd like just
dialog: to walk and walk and never come back.
text: D'Angelo takes him firmly by the arm.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: No. I don't leave you alone on a
dialog: night like this. And, anyway, you
dialog: promised...
text: Steve looks at him, knowing that he can never shake off the
text: devoted Frank; he shrugs. They walk past CAMERA.
scene_heading: INT. HUNSECKER'S PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: The heavy brass doors of the elevator slide open and the
text: Elevator Man pulls open the grille. Susan, still in the
text: mood in which Steve left her, stands in the elevator for a
text: moment before she realizes that she has reached the top
text: floor. As she walks out, the Elevator Man looks at her
text: anxiously. CAMERA PANS with Susan towards the door to the
text: apartment. Susan fumbles for her key.
scene_heading: INT. HUNSECKER'S PENTHOUSE
text: The apartment is dark as Susan enters. She does not switch
text: on the lights. She walks through the shadows of the big
text: room, which has a grim and menacing atmosphere. She kicks
text: off her shoes and, hugging the coat about her for warmth
text: walks to the glass windows of the terrace. After a moment
text: she opens them and steps out.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE - NIGHT
text: Susan walks across the terrace. At this height the wind is
text: very strong. CAMERA TRACKS with the girl, emphasizing the
text: dizzying panorama of New York at night. The girl's manner
text: is strange; she moves as if under compulsion, a sleepwalker.
text: When she reaches the stone parapet, she leans against it
text: with her body slumped, still hugging the fur coat as if it
dialog: were some protection against her misery.
scene_heading: EXT. FROM THE TERRACE - NIGHT
text: Vertically downward. From Susan's point of view. The stone
text: sidewalks of Broadway are a terrifying distance below.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: An angle, shooting sharply upwards against the night sky.
text: Wind blows the girl's hair, as she looks fixedly downwards.
text: Her face is blank, expressionless. (For a moment we may fear
text: for her, afraid that she may have suicide in mind.) But
text: presently she lifts her head looking towards the horizon...
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROBARD'S CLUB - NIGHT
text: CAMERA SHOOTS PAST the entrance to Robard's Club, framing
text: the outline of the bridge in sky in background. From inside
text: comes the sound of music -- the Quintet.
text: The taxi drives up; Sidney gets out; he glances at his
text: wristwatch, looks around and then makes his way into the club.
scene_heading: INT. ROBARD'S CLUB - NIGHT
text: Steve Dallas' Quintet on the stand. CAMERA FRAMES the group
text: in foreground, SHOOTING towards the entrance way.
scene_heading: INT. ROBARD'S CLUB - NIGHT
text: Sidney has come in through the entrance. He is taking off
text: his overcoat. He moves forward past the hat check room on
text: the left, approaching the recess in which several music
text: cases are stacked beside a coat rack on which the musicians'
text: overcoats are hung.
speaker_heading: DETAIL
text: As he hangs up his coat, Sidney identifies the other coat, a
dialog: black and white check raglan which he (and we) saw Steve
text: wearing when he visited Hunsecker at the TV Studio.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: A CLOSE SHOT. The coat appears to have some significance
text: for him; Sidney is under tension.
text: A waiter, carrying a carton of beer cans, comes out of the
text: doorway just behind Sidney, moving between him and the
text: overcoat. Thus interrupted, Sidney turns away.
scene_heading: INT. ROBARD'S CLUB - NIGHT
text: Robard is standing at the bar, surrounded by a group of his
text: cronies. Drink is flowing and there is a sentimental mood
dialog: of celebration.
text: As Sidney arrives at the bar, ordering a drink, FRANK
text: D'ANGELO is seen coming from the interior of the club where
text: Dallas and the Quintet can be seen playing; D'Angelo accosts
dialog: Robard:
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: Lew, Steve don't feel too good...
speaker_heading: ROBARD
dialog: (interjecting)
dialog: I'm sorry to hear it.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: CAMERA shoots past D'Angelo and Robard in f.g. towards
text: Sidney, who overhears:
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...So, if you don't mind, he'll
dialog: leave after this set.
text: In b.g., Sidney sets down his drink, reacting to this
text: information. Robard clamps D'Angelo on the shoulder,
dialog: reassuring him with warm emphasis:
speaker_heading: ROBARD
dialog: I like that boy, Frank. Anything
dialog: he does is okay with me...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: Sidney, thinking rapidly, leaves the bar, moving
text: unobtrusively but purposefully towards a telephone booth.
text: He enters and closes the door.
speaker_heading: PHONE BOOTH
text: A CLOSER ANGLE. Shooting through the glass panel we see
text: Sidney dialing. His manner is urgent.
scene_heading: QUICK LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROBARD'S CLUB - NIGHT
text: A long shot of the club exterior. A different musical
text: number is now being played in the interior. (GOODBYE BABY).
text: A black car comes swiftly under the bridge, turns into the
text: little square opposite the club, braking sharply.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: As the car comes to a stop, CAMERA shoots across the hood
text: onto the windshield where we see the insignia: POLICE.
text: The occupants of the car are not visible.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. ROBARD'S CLUB
text: Sidney lingers near the doorway of the club. He is looking
text: across the square towards the car which can be seen in b.g.
text: Now he turns and walks towards the coat rack, CAMERA tracking
text: with him. He takes his own coat and, as he thrusts his arm
text: into the sleeve, contrives neatly to slip some unseen object
text: into the pocket of Steve's overcoat; CAMERA notes the
text: gesture, but only very briefly. Overscene a voice addresses
dialog: Sidney:
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO (O.S.)
dialog: Hey!..........
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: A CLOSE UP. As he turns in swift apprehension, we note the
text: moment of panic in his face.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: CAMERA shoots past Sidney in foreground towards D'Angelo who
text: advances on Sidney. D'Angelo's manner is unfriendly; for an
dialog: instant we feel, like Sidney, that D'Angelo may have seen
text: Sidney tampering with Steve's coat, but then we are reassured
text: as D'Angelo, deliberately using Sidney's surname, says:
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Mr. Falco...I hate to give you this
dialog: satisfaction - they broke it off
dialog: tonight for good.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Shooting across D'Angelo onto Sidney, who now relaxes, his
text: fears ungrounded.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Tell that to Hunsecker - tell him
dialog: we agree - he's a big man - he wins
dialog: all the marbles!
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: As D'Angelo moves away again Sidney looks after him. Once
text: more his face goes tense. (He asks himself, does this
dialog: development - which he himself anticipated - change the
text: situation?) He turns away, moving out of shot.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: CAMERA moves with Sidney as he walks towards the doorway.
text: There he hesitates again; he looks back into the club.
speaker_heading: DALLAS
text: From Sidney's viewpoint. A LONG SHOT of Steve on the
text: bandstand. CAMERA PANS deliberately towards the coatrack in
text: f.g. A group of newly arrived musicians walk into the shot,
text: setting down their instrument cases and starting to hang up
text: their coats. (Clearly, Sidney could not now return to the
dialog: coat rack - even if he decided that he did want to undo his
dialog: handiwork.)
speaker_heading: RESUME SIDNEY
text: CAMERA, shooting out across the square, frames Sidney in f.g.
text: Facing the inevitable, Sidney turns away, walks across the
text: sidewalk. On the other side of the square the headlamps of
text: the car blink twice. Sidney walks towards it.
speaker_heading: POLICE CAR
text: A big man gets out of the seat next to the driver. As he
text: comes round the hood of the car, the headlamps of a passing
text: truck illuminate him, identifying HARRY KELLO. CAMERA PANS
text: as he walks to meet Sidney.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: Kello pauses as Sidney comes up to him, asks affably:
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: What's all the rush? You said
text: three o'clock.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (glancing back
dialog: towards club)
dialog: He's leaving early. After this
dialog: "set". He'll be out in a couple of
dialog: minutes...
text: They wait for a moment, listening to the sound of the music
text: in the distance. It is a blues number (GOODBYE BABY) Kello
text: hums nonchalantly; Sidney glances at him with irritation,
text: finding something gruesome in his relaxed manner.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR
text: There are two plainclothes policemen inside, one at the
text: wheel, the other in the back seat. The latter leans forward
dialog: to ask the former:
speaker_heading: 1ST POLICEMAN
dialog: What's this deal tonight?
speaker_heading: MURPH
dialog: (the 2nd policeman)
dialog: One of the lieutenant's "surprise
dialog: parties", I think.
text: Murph's tone shows obvious repugnance. The 1st Policeman
text: broods for a moment; he adds in a quiet, but viciously
dialog: resentful manner:
speaker_heading: 1ST POLICEMAN
dialog: One of these days I'd like to turn
text: in my badge and tangle with "POPSIE"
dialog: myself - he's no good.
scene_heading: RESUME KELLO AND SIDNEY
text: Sidney, increasingly uncomfortable, turns to Kello.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Can't you wait up the block? It's
dialog: not going to look so good, right in
text: front of the club...
text: To Kello this is a great joke. He laughs, enjoying Sidney's
text: uneasiness. He begins to "cat and mouse" Sidney.
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: (heavily humorous)
dialog: It's nice, Sidney, that you give me
dialog: this tip...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (interjecting)
dialog: - He's got them on him.
speaker_heading: KELLO
text: (solemnly nodding his approval)
dialog: ...And he's got them on him. I
dialog: appreciate a thing like that - I
dialog: appreciate where you are looking
dialog: out for the virtue of the city.
text: Sidney, annoyed at this sarcasm, moves past Kello, not
text: deigning to respond. As he goes by, Kello grasps him
text: forcibly by the arm.
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: What's your hurry, Snooks?
text: CAMERA HAS PANNED to SHOOT towards the car out of which
text: emerges a second detective.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (revolted)
dialog: Take your hands off, Kello...
text: Kello, holding Sidney, turns towards the second detective in
dialog: background.
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: Murph, how do you like this face?
dialog: Why, I'll be darned -- it's melting!
dialog: Something got you scared, Sidney...?
dialog: Listen, rectify me a certain thing.
dialog: Wasn't you kidding, Snooks, when
dialog: you told J.J. I was fat...?
text: Sidney jerks his arm away, rapidly retreats a few yards, a
text: safe distance from Kello. CAMERA PANS with him to the
text: bottom of the steps.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Sleep in peace, Kello -- you're
dialog: skinny -- but J.J. says you sweat!
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Sidney in foreground, Kello and Murph beyond. Kello laughs;
dialog: but obviously he would like to be nearer to Sidney. Perhaps
dialog: to detain Sidney, Kello drawls:
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: Is that a fact? He's a dilly,
dialog: ain't he? By the by, what did he
dialog: have against this boy?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: He goes out with girls.
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: Well, I'll be darned. And what
dialog: does J.J. think he SHOULD do?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (impudently)
text: Go out with DIFFERENT girls!
speaker_heading: KELLO
text: He moves forward a little.
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: (softly now)
dialog: I get the peculiar impression,
dialog: Snooks, that you don't like me.
dialog: Could I be wrong?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: He turns swiftly and goes up the stairs out of Kello's reach.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (as he goes)
dialog: You could be right, you fat slob?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: From half-way up the stairs. Sidney comes up the steps two
text: at a time. Kello and Murphy are seen beyond.
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: (with a guffaw)
dialog: Come back here, Sidney...I wanna
dialog: chastise you!...
speaker_heading: FROM THE BRIDGE
text: Sidney reaches the top. He comes along the pedestrian walk
text: up to CAMERA, slowing down he turns across the rail and
text: looks down towards the square. CAMERA MOVES to take in the
text: scene in WIDE ANGLE: Sidney in foreground, the police car
text: and detectives below, the entrance to Robard's across the
text: square. Sidney waits. In the distance we can hear the
text: music of Dallas' last number coming to an end.
scene_heading: INT. ROBARD'S CLUB
text: The last bars of the number. Enthusiastic applause.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: He responds to the ovation, nicely but a little wearily. He
text: gets down off the stand. There is too much noise to hear
text: his parting words to his fellow musicians, but it is clear
text: that he is urging them to stay without him. He walks off
text: towards the entrance to the club.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
text: D'Angelo leaves the bar, in search of Steve. He sees...
scene_heading: INT/EXT. ROBARD'S CLUB - NIGHT
text: Steve is putting his guitar away in the case, collecting his
text: overcoat. In this gesture he is arrested by the sound of
text: D'Angelo's voice over scene.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO (O.S.)
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: Steve!
text: Steve, mildly startled, looks up.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Shooting into the club. D'Angelo comes forward from the bar.
text: He is a little drunk, a little emotional. He waddles toward
text: Steve, then takes the white carnation out of his buttonhole
text: and puts it in the buttonhole of Steve's coat, saying:
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (fondly)
dialog: Press this in your friendship
dialog: book...Love is a crooked thing,
dialog: friendship not...
dialog: (then, sheepishly)
dialog: You see, it comes out in the wash
dialog: of a few drinks -- I'm a very
dialog: sentimental guy.
speaker_heading: RESUME ROBARD'S CLUB
text: Steve is touched.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I like it that way, Frank...don't
dialog: change.
text: He picks up his guitar case and makes for the door. D'Angelo
text: goes a few paces with him, CAMERA TRACKING. Then it moves
text: past D'Angelo, following Steve out onto the sidewalk, where
text: he stands under the light of the club framed against the
text: dark background of the square.
speaker_heading: FROM THE BRIDGE
text: CAMERA PANS from the small figure of Steve to include Sidney
text: big in foreground. Below him Kello and Murph turn towards
dialog: the club.
speaker_heading: KELLO
text: CLOSER ANGLE downward from Sidney's viewpoint. Kello turns
text: deliberately to look at the bridge above.
speaker_heading: RESUME BRIDGE
text: Sidney sees Kello's look; he nods deliberately. Below him
text: we see Kello and Murphy move swiftly to get into the car.
text: Sidney, as if shrinking from a sight from which he doesn't
text: wish to witness, draws back from the balustrade. He turns
text: and begins to walk towards CAMERA.
speaker_heading: POLICE CAR
text: A LOW ANGLE SHOOTING upwards at the car, the stairs to the
text: bridge in background. As the doors of the car slam, it
text: starts to move forward and, abruptly, its headlamps are
text: switched on, glaring into the lens.
scene_heading: EXT. ROBARD'S CLUB - NIGHT
text: Steve, concerned only with his only melancholy thoughts,
text: walks down the sidewalk under the bridge. The car headlamps
text: illuminate him in their glare as they move across him.
text: Steve, without undue, interest, glances back but continues
text: on his way.
text: CAMERA SHOOTS eastward towards the silhouette of the bridge.
text: The Police Car turns as it comes out of the square under the
text: bridge towards CAMERA. It moves slowly; again its headlamps
text: flare into the lens. CAMERA PULLING BACK includes Steve in
text: foreground. Behind him the Police Car slows down at the
text: curb; it barely stops as Kello slips out of the off-side
text: door; then the car moves forward along the curb leaving him
text: behind Steve. As the car goes out of picture past CAMERA,
text: Kello strolls across the sidewalk, following Steve. Steve,
text: looking past CAMERA, notices...
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: CAMERA SHOOTS toward 2nd Avenue. The Police Car slows down
text: again at the curb and Murph gets out of it, turning to face
dialog: Steve.
speaker_heading: RESUME
text: Steve, seeing the man ahead of him, notes something slightly
text: menacing in his manner and slows down in his walk. Then,
text: instinctively, he realizes that there is a second man behind
text: him, turns to look at Kello. Kello approaches.
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: Hey, fella...!
text: CAMERA MOVES CLOSER and CLOSER on Steve. In his face we see
dialog: a growing sense of something wrong...
scene_heading: INT. ROBARD'S CLUB
text: A JUMP CUT. Loud noise, Chico Hamilton on the drums...
scene_heading: INT. BAR
text: Another jump cut in the sound track. Silence. It is an
text: empty saloon, occupied only by a solitary drinker at one end
text: of the long bar, nursing a beer, and by the bartender who is
text: making out a dope sheet. Sidney enters, strides to the bar
text: and throws down a jangling half dollar.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: A bunch of nickels, mister!
text: While the change is made, Sidney stands with cocked head,
text: listening in reality or imagination to what is happening
text: down the street. As the barman supplies the change, Sidney
text: goes to the juke box and loads it with nickels saying over
dialog: his shoulder:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: A double Johnny Walker Black. Or
dialog: whatever you got. Scotch.
text: Sidney puts both hands on the juke box as if leaning on it.
text: With a click, drop and whirl, the music box comes to life;
text: music blares out. Pausing a moment, Sidney turns back
text: toward the bar.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: He reaches for his drink, downs it. He is shivering.
scene_heading: INT. ROBARD'S CLUB - NIGHT
text: Once more, an abrupt sound transition: the jam session at
text: full blast. CAMERA FRAMES the musicians in foreground, but
text: moves away from them towards the entrance in background.
text: Near the doorway there is some activity; an attendant
text: beckons to Robard who is drinking with D'Angelo. Robard
text: moves toward the entrance.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. ROBARD'S CLUB - NIGHT
text: CAMERA STARTS on D'Angelo at the bar. He looks off after
text: Robard. There is little concern in his face, but as he
text: watches, curiosity grows. He strolls out after the
text: proprietor. CAMERA TRACKS with him as D'Angelo comes to
text: join the little mob of two or three people on the sidewalk.
text: PANNING, THE CAMERA now SHOOTS TOWARDS 2nd Avenue. Beyond
text: the bridge we can see the Police Car. Kello and Murphy are
text: beside one of the open doors (into which Steve has been
text: carried). Murphy turns back, walks a few paces across the
text: sidewalk and picks up Steve's music case, which he carries
text: back to the Squad Car. He gets in and the car drives off.
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: Hey, Robard, somebody just picked
dialog: up one of your boys.
speaker_heading: ROBARD
dialog: What sa -- Wha --
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: D'Angelo's face shows a bewildered astonishment and dismay
text: as he turns back to the couple of people who are talking to
text: Robard. D'Angelo is a little befuddled with drink. He
text: pushes towards Robard.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (dazed)
dialog: Whatsa matter, Lou?
speaker_heading: ROBARD
dialog: (turning to D'Angelo)
dialog: I'm trying to find out myself.
dialog: They just picked up Steve.
speaker_heading: LOITERER
dialog: (blankly)
dialog: Some fat guy...
speaker_heading: 2ND LOITERER
text: A cop, a couple of cops.
speaker_heading: LOITERER
text: They smeared him all over the lot.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
text: He turns to look back towards the direction in which the
text: Police Car has departed. He seems unable to comprehend what
text: he has heard; but a slow and terrible fear is dawning on
dialog: him...
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
text: Susan opens the door to discover Frank D'Angelo in lobby.
text: He speaks at once:
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: I'm looking for your brother. Is
dialog: he home?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: No.
dialog: (sensing the
dialog: seriousness of his manner)
dialog: Mr. D'Angelo - is something wrong?
text: D'Angelo has no wish to become involved with the girl; he
text: doesn't reply.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: When does he usually gets in, your
dialog: night-owl brother?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: Seldom before five.
dialog: (again)
dialog: What's the matter? Would you care
dialog: to come in a minute?
text: D'Angelo backs away, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: No...no. Thanks.
text: He turns back to the elevator. Susan closes the door, but
text: slowly; she is watching D'Angelo. CAMERA MOVES WITH D'Angelo
text: as he goes to the bell of the elevator and rings it. He
text: remains in this position, waiting for the elevator, but now
text: (believing himself to be alone) he leans his head against
text: the wall and begins to weep, quietly. Surprisingly, Susan
text: is abruptly at his elbow, she seizes him forcibly by the
dialog: arm, demanding:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (taut)
dialog: Something's happened. To Steve.
text: D'Angelo, with his face contorted in grief and bitterness,
text: can no longer refuse to answer her.
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: (in a broken voice)
text: He's in the hospital...He's under
dialog: arrest, too... They planted reefer
text: cigarettes on him...in his overcoat
dialog: pocket.
text: Susan is becoming hysterical.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (wildly)
dialog: Where is he...I want to go to him...
text: D'Angelo recovers his self control. There is force and
text: authority in his voice as he insists:
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: Miss Hunsecker, if you see him
dialog: again they might...might kill him.
text: Susan is sobered by his seriousness.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: Who is "they"?
speaker_heading: D'ANGELO
dialog: Don't ask foolish questions.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Tell your brother I'm a sensible
dialog: man. He understands only two
dialog: things - power-politics and homage -
dialog: tell him I came tonight to pay
dialog: homage!
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - HUNSECKER'S PENTHOUSE
text: The elevator door opens and Sidney steps out: He crosses to
text: the door of the apartment, pushes the button. The bell is
text: heard ringing inside. While he waits, Sidney produces a
text: handkerchief, dabs his face, straightens his tie; clearly he
text: is trying to sober up. He goes to the bell push to ring
text: again. Now he notices something that had escaped him
text: before: the door is not quite shut. He pushes it open.
scene_heading: INT. HUNSECKER'S PENTHOUSE
text: From inside. Sidney hesitates, enters tentatively.
speaker_heading: LONGER ANGLE
text: The apartment appears empty. Only one light is lit; the
text: place is eerie.
speaker_heading: RESUME SIDNEY
text: Sidney closes the door, goes into the main living room,
text: CAMERA pans with him. Something chills him, he calls
dialog: softly, "J.J.?"
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Sidney walks towards the study, there is nobody there either.
text: He goes back towards the stairs to the upper floor; in doing
text: so he repasses the door of Susan's bedroom, sees that it is
text: half open, goes to look in.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: From Sidney's viewpoint. The bed has been slept in but is
text: unoccupied. The room is empty.
text: On the seat at the foot of the bed is a drawer that has been
text: pulled out of the wardrobe; it contains a collection of
text: miscellaneous objects, a snapshot album, letters, souvenirs,
text: disarranged as if someone had been looking at them.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: He looks at the empty room, disturbed.
speaker_heading: RESUME BEDROOM
text: The curtains of the window onto the terrace are blowing: the
text: window is open. Sidney walks into shot form behind CAMERA.
dialog: He calls:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Susan?
text: Susan steps into the room from the terrace, confronting
text: Sidney. She is dressed, wearing the fur coat over a skirt
text: and blouse. Her manner is very strange; the effect of the
dialog: drugs, no doubt.
speaker_heading: RESUME SIDNEY
text: Sidney is very uncomfortable in her presence; Susan is the
dialog: last person he wants to have conversation with.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Where's J.J.?
text: He retreats across the threshold of the bedroom, into the
dialog: outer room.
scene_heading: RESUME SUSAN AND SIDNEY
text: She walks forwards.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: He isn't here...
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Sidney stands back to let her pass.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: But he called and said...
text: Susan comes out of the bedroom, walks past CAMERA.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: No, I called...
text: He studies the girl, says nothing.
speaker_heading: LONGER ANGLE
text: She walks listlessly across the room, moving like a
dialog: somnambulist.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Mr. D'Angelo phoned about Steve...I
dialog: went down to the hospital, but they
dialog: wouldn't let me in. He promised to
dialog: keep in touch with me - Mr.
dialog: D'Angelo, I mean...
speaker_heading: RESUME SIDNEY
text: He watches her cautiously, not sure of how to deal with her.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: It's all over town about Dallas...
dialog: (moving towards her)
dialog: How is he?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: A CLOSE UP. Susan's expression is blank; her eyes are
text: unseeing.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: He's...unconscious...
text: There is a tone of great despair in her voice. Presently,
text: she recovers, CAMERA eases back to include Sidney beyond.
text: She glances at him.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I...I gave Steve up...
dialog: (then)
dialog: Why did you and J.J. do it?
speaker_heading: RESUME SIDNEY
text: Sidney looks at her, tensely. Her voice is so calm, so
text: certain that Sidney finds it difficult to play-act innocence.
text: He protests a little too loudly:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Susie, if I get your meaning,
dialog: you're pitching very wild balls.
dialog: What -
scene_heading: RESUME SUSAN AND SIDNEY
text: Susan interrupts, with a simplicity which is damaging.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Don't bother to lie, Sidney.
dialog: (moving away)
dialog: I don't care anymore.
speaker_heading: LONGER ANGLE
text: Sidney decides that it is wiser not to argue. He assumes a
text: tolerant sympathy. He moves towards her.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Listen, get a good night's sleep -
dialog: tomorrow's another day. Feeling
dialog: sorry for yourself won't help.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: I'm sorry about Steve, not myself.
dialog: I'm even sorry for my brother. To
dialog: be so lonely, without one real
dialog: friend in the world - to have to
text: hang on to a worthless rag of a
dialog: girl like me because she's his only
dialog: real family -
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (moving towards her again)
dialog: Come on now, chickie, why don't you
dialog: go to bed...?
text: Now she turns to him.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: And I'm sorry for you, too, Sidney.
dialog: You're going down with the ship.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: What ship?
text: She walks past him, still aimlessly wandering about the
text: room; then she turns back, indicates herself.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: THIS ship.
text: She studies Sidney.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Don't you know how my brother will
dialog: see you after tonight? You'll be
dialog: the man who drove his little
dialog: stainless sister to suicide...
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Shaken, Sidney decides to ridicule the implied threat.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Honey, I'll just have to smile at
dialog: that.
text: He walks past CAMERA.
speaker_heading: RESUME SUSAN
text: Sidney walks into shot, going past her on his way to the door.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (as he goes)
dialog: It's late and I'm going home...
text: Susan, in foreground, remains quite still, says nothing. In
text: background, Sidney slows down, his confidence failing him;
text: he looks back at her.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: He can't go. Probably, she's bluffing. But he can't be
text: certain. He is suddenly angry.
scene_heading: RESUME SUSAN AND SIDNEY
text: He strides back towards her.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Susie, whatever problems you have
dialog: with J.J. - I didn't invent them!
dialog: What're you blaming me for? If you
dialog: learned to let out your hatred you
dialog: would be better off!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Like you?
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Yeah! Like me! I don't choke on
dialog: my own gall - I fight back! Let
dialog: THEM choke, not me!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I'm not a man, Sidney, I'm -
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: I know that bit - you're a girl;
dialog: you need a man to give you strength!
dialog: So what do you pick such weak
dialog: sisters for? Don't you know yet
dialog: that you fight fire with fire, not
dialog: with tear drops?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I could almost forgive you if what
dialog: you did to Steve came from jealousy
dialog: and love...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: I didn't do anything!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: ...but you did it for greed,
dialog: Sidney - and that's pathetic.
text: She moves past him. He grips her, turning her around.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Don't run away - I was always the
dialog: man for you! I'm talking to you
dialog: out of two years of silence -
dialog: listen to what I say! Inside of
dialog: six months -
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (helplessly)
dialog: Please, Sidney, I can't stand this -
text: CAMERA HOLDS Sidney and Susan in foreground. But it is now
text: shooting towards the door of the apartment. A PANNING
text: movement has included a figure at the other end of the big
dialog: room...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: He is taking off his overcoat near the door of the apartment.
dialog: We don't know how long he has been there, how much he has
text: overheard. Without appearing to be consciously spying,
text: Hunsecker is listening to Sidney's voice over scene.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (over scene)
dialog: Listen to me, lunatic! All your
dialog: life you've been doing penance for
dialog: crimes you never committed! I
dialog: could change that, I'd teach you,
dialog: I'd show you - !
text: CAMERA PANS round with Hunsecker who strolls across the
text: room, making his presence known. Sidney breaks off, drops
text: his hands, releasing the girl. Susan turns towards Hunsecker.
text: Hunsecker lays his briefcase and papers on the table. He
text: addresses Susan without looking at her.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Go to bed, Susie. It's late...
text: Susan makes no move. Hunsecker glances at her, sees Sidney
text: but treats Sidney as if he were invisible.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (to Susan)
dialog: What is he doing here?
text: Susan walks towards Hunsecker.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I called him.
text: Sidney moves forward also.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: She was depressed - she heard about
dialog: Dallas.
text: Hunsecker still ignores his existence, he walks past Susan
text: carrying his papers to the desk. Susan turns, watching him.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: ("controlling" his feelings)
dialog: That subject it might be better not
dialog: to start me on.
dialog: (angry)
dialog: He's made all the papers tonight.
text: Hunsecker studies the item in the paper.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: She is staring at her brother. Suddenly, she is unable to
text: suffer his authoritative air; she goes to him; he ignores
dialog: her...
scene_heading: HUNSECKER AND SUSAN
text: Childishly, she snatches the paper from his hand, throws it
text: to the floor. He looks at her. Patiently, as with a
text: hysterical infant, he stoops, recovers the paper.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: ("mildly")
dialog: Is there something you wanted to
dialog: say...?
dialog: (as she does not
dialog: answer, continuing
dialog: with growing viciousness)
dialog: I've put up with a lot of your
dialog: guff, Susie, because you were a
dialog: child. But you're a woman now and
dialog: I suspect, despite my best
dialog: intentions, more than a bit of a
dialog: slut...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: Her head comes up sharply at the insult.
scene_heading: HUNSECKER AND SUSAN AND SIDNEY
text: Hunsecker glances at Sidney, clearly reminding them of the
text: compromising situation in which they were found. Sidney
text: moves to answer.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: J.J., if you think -
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: Don't explain, Sidney... It doesn't
dialog: matter now...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Whose arms will I have to pry you
dialog: out of next? Not that I don't
dialog: think you didn't invite it! I know
dialog: that look of yours, that pose of
dialog: being wronged - and how it arouses
dialog: the crusading instinct in even a
dialog: Sidney Falco -
text: Hunsecker's rising tide of brutality is having some effect
text: on Susan, and Sidney, fearing for her, tries to intervene.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: I was trying to build her up, not
dialog: tear her down -
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (viciously)
dialog: Is that why you were romancing her,
dialog: you mutt!
dialog: (turning back to Susan)
dialog: Let's call it quits, my dear. I'd
dialog: like it fine if you found another
dialog: home. That means the front door is
dialog: open! Pack your things, rent a
text: moving van and GIT!
dialog: (pacing the room)
dialog: And as for marriage, let me hit you
dialog: with a few choice facts: you aren't
dialog: ready for marriage! You're
dialog: incompetent - a capricious and
text: shaky frail with a sick fatality
dialog: for frail and useless men!
text: Susan is staring sightlessly at the floor near Hunsecker's
text: feet. After a moment she turns and moves to the door of her
text: bedroom; her walk is a little unsteady; she goes inside,
text: closes the door in Hunsecker's face.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: With the door closed, she leans against it as if afraid of
text: falling. She gropes for the door handle, finds the key and
dialog: turns it.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - HUNSECKER AND SIDNEY
text: Hunsecker is studying the closed door.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (to himself)
text: Another crisis past.
dialog: (walking away)
dialog: She'll be fast asleep in five
dialog: minutes, loaded with those headache
dialog: pills...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: Sidney seems not to hear this remark. He is concentrated on
text: the door; he moves hesitantly towards it, apprehensive.
text: CAMERA includes Hunsecker in background.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Now we'll get to you, Sidney.
dialog: (turning to Sidney)
dialog: As far as the column is concerned -
dialog: tonight you have forfeited every
dialog: ethical consideration I ever felt
dialog: for you...
text: Much more concerned with his anxiety for Susan, Sidney
text: interrupts.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: Look, J.J., I'll grant you anything
dialog: you want.
dialog: (as Hunsecker is
dialog: about to interrupt)
dialog: Susie's off her rocker tonight! Go
dialog: in and see what she's doing! Go in
dialog: and talk to her quietly - unless
dialog: you want a corpse!
text: Sidney's conviction is impressive. But Hunsecker is
text: unwilling to admit the danger, he continues.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (acid)
dialog: Let me finish what I started to
dialog: say -
text: Seeing that Hunsecker is not taking his advice, Sidney
text: strides swiftly to the door of Susan's bedroom. He knocks
text: on it.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: SHOOTING TOWARDS the door. Susan is sitting on the bed in
text: foreground. In a methodical, hypnotic way, she is destroying
text: the contents of the drawer, tearing letters into small
text: fragments. Sidney's voice is heard outside: "Susie!" Susan
text: appears not to hear it; CAMERA TRACKS closer to her.
text: Sidney's voice is heard again, louder: "Susie!" Susan turns
text: sharply towards the door.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: A CLOSE UP. Susan rises to her feet, staring at the door.
text: She begins to back away from it.
scene_heading: RESUME REVERSE ANGLE
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK as Susan glances down at the record player
text: beside her. She turns the knob. We hear the clatter of a
text: record dropping and music begins. The tune is "The Sage."
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: CLOSE SHOT of Sidney. He hears the music starting.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: Hunsecker has come forward. But now, as he listens to the
text: gramaphone record playing in the bedroom, Hunsecker relaxes,
text: assuming that this is a sign that Sidney's suspicions are
text: unfounded.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (coming forward)
dialog: What a cornball you are, Sidney...
text: CAMERA TRACKS to include Sidney. He does not share
text: Hunsecker's confidence; he knocks again, calling:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (anxiously)
dialog: Susie!
dialog: (in growing fear)
speaker_heading: SUSIE!
text: CAMERA TRACKS closer to Sidney. As he tries the doorknob,
text: CAMERA TILTS DOWN. Sidney's hand tries the doorknob, finds
text: it locked, shakes it forcefully.
speaker_heading: DETAIL
text: From inside the bedroom. We see the doorknob rattled.
speaker_heading: RESUME SUSAN
text: A CLOSE UP. She realizes that Sidney means to insist. She
text: turns away towards the blowing curtains in background.
scene_heading: RESUME LIVING ROOM
text: A DETAIL SHOT. Sidney's hand is still shaking the doorknob.
text: He releases it. CAMERA PULLS BACK to a TWO SHOT of Sidney
text: and Hunsecker as Sidney retreats from the door in
text: apprehension. Now Hunsecker has begun to share Sidney's
text: anxiety. He moves to the door, knocks and then pounds on it.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (with authority)
dialog: Susie, this is J.J.! Open up!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: A CLOSE UP. She comes forward past the blowing curtains.
text: The wind whips at her hair. Over scene we hear the rumble
text: of the traffic on Broadway far below.
scene_heading: RESUME HUNSECKER
text: He is pounding on the door again. CAMERA makes a quick pan
text: to Sidney who, in a split second, realizes that Susan may
text: have gone out on the balcony. He turns, dashes towards the
text: study to look out on the terrace.
speaker_heading: RESUME SUSAN
text: She has now started to climb onto the parapet. Sidney leaps
text: into shot, dragging her bodily off the parapet and out of
text: shot. We hear Susan cry out, a hysterical gasp. CAMERA,
text: looking through the windows of Susan's bedroom, sees the
text: door fly open as Hunsecker bursts into the room. He looks
text: swiftly around, advances towards the open window.
text: Exasperated by the sound of the gramaphone, he switches it
text: off; he steps out onto the terrace. CAMERA PANS with him as
text: he turns to look back into the study where Susan's inanimate
text: figure is sprawled on the floor, half across the low
text: upholstered footstool. Sidney, white and shaking, is
text: standing over her.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: CAMERA at floor level. Susan is framed in foreground. The
text: lower half of Sidney can be seen beside her. Hunsecker is
text: on the terrace in background. Shocked, he moves quickly
text: into the room.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: A CLOSE UP. He looks down at his sister. He is badly
text: shaken. The sharp bite of terror produces a reaction of
text: something akin to anger. But he swiftly controls it. He
text: moves past CAMERA.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Hunsecker stoops into shot. Tenderly, he lifts the girl's
text: body to get it into the arm chair. Susan is quite lifeless,
text: limp with the dead weight of a creature that has lost any
text: instinct for self-preservation. But as she feels her
text: brother's arms, and as she recognizes who it is, she breaks
text: out in hysteria.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (wildly)
dialog: No! NO! Don't touch me!
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Susan!...
text: But Susan strikes at him, a vicious gesture of revulsion.
text: Hunsecker lets her go. She falls into the arm chair, her
text: face hidden from him; she begins to sob.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (her body shaking)
dialog: Go away!...Go away!...
text: Hunsecker would like to comfort her, but he dare not touch
text: her again for fear of inviting another rebuff. He is deeply
text: hurt and wounded. Embarrassed that Sidney should watch this
text: moment, Hunsecker rises. To cover his emotion, he walks to
text: the tray of drinks in background; he pours a brandy and
text: comes back. Stooping, he offers it to Susan. Her only
text: reaction is again to wrench herself away from him, facing
text: the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (sobbing bitterly)
dialog: GO AWAY!
text: Hunsecker sets down the drink, stands up.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (in a choked voice)
dialog: Talk to her, Sidney...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: Talk to her yourself...
text: Over scene the telephone rings. It is ignored. While
text: Hunsecker looks down at the girl, helplessly, the telephone
text: continues to ring.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: A CLOSE UP. It is she who first becomes aware of the
text: telephone. Her weeping has stopped now. Slowly, she raises
text: her head. CAMERA EASES BACK to include Sidney beyond her;
text: he notes this movement, seeing in it a revival of the girl's
text: will to live; he is moved.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The telephone is framed in foreground, Susan beyond. It
text: continues to ring. As Hunsecker crosses to his desk to pick
text: up the instrument, CAMERA PULLS BACK. Hunsecker speaks:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Yuh...Yuh...
dialog: (he listens)
dialog: Just a minute...
dialog: (turning back to Susan)
dialog: Susie, it's Mr. D'Angelo - from the
dialog: hospital...
speaker_heading: RESUME SUSAN
text: A CLOSE SHOT. She raises her head higher, still weakly. We
text: see in her face a mixture of terror and hope.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Hunsecker comes forward to set down the telephone in front
text: of her, on the footstool. Hunsecker and Sidney watch. She
text: reaches a hand, which is still trembling, picks up the
text: receiver. Her voice as she speaks to the instrument is
text: barely audible.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Yes...yes...yes...
text: Presently, she hangs up. When she becomes aware that
text: Hunsecker and Sidney are waiting for an explanation, she
dialog: tells them:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (speaking with difficulty)
dialog: Steve...is out of danger...
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: Hunsecker nods. He already knows this. Then:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (soberly)
dialog: That means a lot to you?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: She does not look at him, she lowers her eyes but answers
text: with a nod. And then, more positively:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: RESUME HUNSECKER
text: He studies the girl. His face has hardened. He moves,
text: beginning to pace. (And also beginning his 'manipulations'.)
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: But I have to warn you, Susie - for
dialog: your own sake - he'll still do
dialog: time...
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS Hunsecker. It now takes in Sidney who is
text: standing beside him. Sidney has begun to stare fixedly at
text: Hunsecker. (He is now realizing that Hunsecker, although he
text: has been faced with this demonstration of the girl's
dialog: willingness to kill herself, has still learned nothing, is
text: still continuing in the old pattern.)
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (continuing, warming
dialog: to his theme)
dialog: He's a hop-head - that's a felony
dialog: in New York. I can try, of course,
dialog: to...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: A CLOSE UP. Revolted, Sidney breaks in:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: You're unholy, J.J.! You'd rather
dialog: kill this girl than let her go!
speaker_heading: GROUP SHOT
text: Hunsecker wheels on Sidney, bellowing:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (in blind rage)
text: GET OUT OF THIS HOUSE!
text: Sidney, with equal heat, spins round to Susan, crying out
text: before he has time to check himself:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (impulsively)
dialog: Susie, YOU get out of this house! -
dialog: Get out before it's too late!
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: Sidney has gone too far now to pull back. Inevitably, he
text: continues. During the speech, CAMERA PULLS BACK to include
text: Susan and then Hunsecker.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (with sincerity)
dialog: Listen with care - this will cost
dialog: me everything, so you know I'm
dialog: telling you the truth!
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (trying to stop him)
dialog: You're incapable of the truth...
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (who will not by stopped)
dialog: Susie, there's nothing wrong with
dialog: Dallas!
dialog: (turning toward Hunsecker)
dialog: Your brother and I arranged it all.
dialog: And if the Leslie boy is still a
dialog: squooshy item in your life, forget
dialog: it! - your brother arranged that
dialog: one, too! I don't usually give
dialog: away presents; but this is my gift
dialog: to you: Get out of here! Leave
dialog: this man!
text: During the latter part of the speech, Susan rises slowly to
text: her feet, staring first at Sidney and then, with fearful
text: significance, at her brother. Hunsecker does not look at
text: her; he is concentrated on Sidney. Twice he has been about
text: to demolish Sidney, but he now stops, A THOUGHT IN HIS HEAD.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: He is perfectly controlled, smiling.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Like most Italians, Sidney's got a
dialog: big gift for dramatics. I, however,
dialog: prefer the cool and stubborn facts.
dialog: Sidney has not appeared in my
dialog: column in weeks - check that fact
dialog: with Mary. That leads right to
dialog: another fact: Sidney had nothing to
dialog: lose tonight! To the contrary,
scene_heading: dear - ONLY HIS OBVIOUS GREED TO
text: BEAT HIS WAY BACK INTO THE COLUMN
text: EXPLAINS HIS ACCUSATIONS AGAINST ME!
dialog: In brief, BLACKMAIL!
text: Hunsecker pauses impressively.
speaker_heading: GROUP SHOT
text: Framing Hunsecker in foreground, Susan and Sidney beyond.
text: Susan listens to Hunsecker objectively, with a mounting
text: sense of his diseased reasoning.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Mind you, not that one true fact
dialog: didn't come out of Sidney's mouth
dialog: tonight: self-admittedly, he
dialog: committed a vicious crime of
dialog: jealousy against Steve Dallas!
dialog: (pausing)
dialog: Now we have to clear Dallas, don't
dialog: we?...But I'll have to sacrifice
dialog: him...
dialog: (he indicates Sidney)
dialog: ...to do it.
dialog: (turning to Susan)
dialog: Am I doing right?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: She is looking at Hunsecker.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER (O.S.)
dialog: (over scene)
dialog: Yes or no, Susie...?
text: Slowly, Susan nods.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: SHOOTING ACROSS Susan onto Hunsecker. Hunsecker turns away
text: from her and walks to the telephone. He picks it up and
text: begins to speak. While the scene continues, we hear his
text: voice off screen, speaking to the phone, saying: "This is
dialog: J.J. Hunsecker. I want you to get a message through to
dialog: Lieutenant Kello. Ask him to ring me back. It's urgent."
text: Susan backs slowly away from Hunsecker. Then she turns into
text: CAMERA, which TRACKS with her and includes Sidney. Susan
text: looks at Sidney and then, ashamed, avoids his eye. But
text: Sidney comes nearer to her. Susan is deeply distressed.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (very quietly)
dialog: He's sick.
text: She looks again at Sidney. Deliberately, Sidney nods.
text: Susan walks toward her bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Susan comes into the room, finding shelter from the
text: revelation which has so appalled her. Inexorably Sidney
text: follows her. He comes across the threshold, closes the door.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Yes, he's sick and you're the only
dialog: idiot alive who didn't know it.
text: A pause. Sidney moves closer to her.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: But what are you going to do?
text: There are some tears of pity in Susan's eyes. Once more she
text: moves away from Sidney. Sidney senses that her compassion
text: for Hunsecker might easily lead her once again to slip back
text: into the trap. He insists:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (with emphasis)
dialog: You don't owe your brother a cup of
dialog: water!
text: Another pause. Sidney again repeats:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: What are you going to do?
text: She moves away from Sidney, CAMERA following her. After a
text: moment, she answers:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Go to Steve.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: Sidney is moved, having done his solitary act of chivalry.
dialog: To hide his feelings, he is harsh:
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: For Pete's sake, straighten out the
dialog: seams of your stockings - comb your
dialog: hair - don't be so helpless all the
dialog: time!
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to include Susan. From the other room, we
text: hear the telephone ring. Sidney turns and goes quickly out.
text: After a moment, Susan looks back at the door through which
text: Sidney has disappeared.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Hunsecker is framed in foreground, speaking into the
text: telephone. Sidney is in background, outside the door of
text: Susan's bedroom. Hunsecker is fully aware of Sidney's
dialog: presence, as he says:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: No, he's admitted that, Harry. My
dialog: kid sister's a witness.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: A CLOSE SHOT. He watches Hunsecker with a curious detachment.
text: Producing a cigarette, he lights it and then looks up
text: towards Hunsecker.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER (O.S.)
dialog: (over scene)
dialog: No, he admits he planted the stuff
dialog: on the Dallas boy...
scene_heading: RESUME HUNSECKER AND SIDNEY
text: Hunsecker framed in foreground, Sidney beyond. Hunsecker
text: has at the same time been tapping a cigarette on the desk.
text: Sidney walks across to Hunsecker, offers the lighted match.
scene_heading: HUNSECKER - REVERSE ANGLE
text: As he accepts the light he continues speaking to the phone:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Yeah...jealousy.
scene_heading: RESUME HUNSECKER AND SIDNEY
text: Sidney turns on his heel, walking out of the apartment.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...He's been trying to make my
dialog: sister behind my back.
scene_heading: CAFE ON BROADWAY
text: Kello is in a phone booth.
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Oh, that's serious, J.J. Real
dialog: reprehensible...
text: Kello leans out of the booth into the cafe signaling through
text: the window to the street outside where the squad car pulls
text: ahead to a position ready for him outside the door.
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Don't worry, I'll get there. I'm
text: on Broadway now.
text: Kello hangs up. Hurries out. We see him get into the squad
text: car which rapidly accelerates.
scene_heading: INT. HUNSECKER'S LIVING ROOM
text: Hunsecker has hung up. He stares at the telephone for a
text: moment. Then he moves towards Susan's door, CAMERA TRACKING
text: with him. He comes to the threshold, looks at Susan who is
text: standing in much the same position in which Sidney left her.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: Unaware that her brother is watching her, she picks up the
text: fur coat on the bed. (She is about to start packing her
text: belongings.) She turns as she hears Hunsecker speak.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (over scene)
dialog: That's a pretty coat.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: SHOOTING ACROSS Susan, towards Hunsecker. Hunsecker comes
text: into the room.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: - but it's about time you had a new
dialog: one.
text: Susan turns squarely to face him.
speaker_heading: RESUME SUSAN
text: She braces herself to tell him:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (soberly)
dialog: I'm leaving, J.J.
scene_heading: RESUME REVERSE ANGLE
text: He does not sense any danger in the seriousness of her tone
dialog: (or, if he does, refuses to recognize it.)
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (with a faint scoff)
dialog: Don't kid a kidder. I'll see you
dialog: for breakfast around eleven.
text: Without waiting for a response, Hunsecker goes out, closing
text: the door. Susan stares at it for a moment. Then she moves
text: to get a small suitcase which she lays on the bed.
speaker_heading: TERRACE
text: Hunsecker opens the windows onto the terrace, comes out and
text: looks over the parapet, (looking to see how far Sidney has
dialog: got, hoping to see Kello's squad car.)
speaker_heading: RESUME SUSAN
text: She completes her simple packing, closing the suitcase.
text: With a gesture that is obviously automatic, she starts to
text: put on the fur coat; then she halts, realizing what she is
text: doing. She pauses; CAMERA MOVES CLOSER. Now, deliberately
text: she throws the coat back on the bed. CAMERA PANS down with
text: the gesture. She looks down at the coat, the discarded
text: symbol of her dependence upon her brother. CAMERA PULLS
text: BACK again as she takes a quick look round, then goes to
text: take a duffle coat from the wardrobe. She throws this over
text: her arm, picks up the suitcase, goes to the door.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Susan comes out of the door. She moves with a sober
text: determination, expecting to find Hunsecker in the room.
text: CAMERA TRACKS with her. But then she realizes that Hunsecker
text: has gone out on the terrace. She takes a step or two
text: towards him, then pauses.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: From Susan's viewpoint, SHOOTING through the big glass
text: windows. Hunsecker is at the parapet. He is impatiently
text: looking down into Broadway.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: A CLOSE UP. She now realizes that there is no point in
text: saying goodbye to him: she has already told him that she is
text: leaving and, if she becomes involved in further argument
text: with him, it can do no good. Yet there is some emotion on
text: her face as she takes a last look at her brother; she turns
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: Framing him in foreground at the parapet. Susan can be seen
text: through the windows before she disappears to the door.
text: Hunsecker reacts as he catches sight of a vehicle on Broadway
dialog: below...
scene_heading: EXT. BROADWAY
text: The squad car comes down Broadway at speed.
scene_heading: EXT. DUFFY'S SQUARE
text: Sidney is walking across the square. The squad car appears
text: in foreground; it pauses hardly at all as Kello slips out of
text: it, and starts to move after Sidney. Then the car
text: accelerates round Duffy Square to cut Sidney off on the
dialog: other side.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
text: Sidney comes up towards CAMERA. Seeing something ahead, he
dialog: halts...
speaker_heading: SQUAD CAR
text: From Sidney's viewpoint. The car breaks to a stop. It's
text: door opens and a detective gets out slowly. It is Phil.
speaker_heading: RESUME SIDNEY
text: Sidney is framed in foreground, the squad car beyond.
text: Sidney knows what this means. He starts to speak before he
text: turns to look over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: Hello, Harry...
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Kello, moving silently up behind Sidney, slows down, amused
dialog: at Sidney's prescience.
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: Hi!
dialog: (coming to join Sidney)
dialog: I just been on the phone to J.J.
text: Kello's manner is almost affectionate. He shakes his head,
text: admonishing Sidney.
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: (mildly)
dialog: You been a bad boy, Sidney. J.J.'s
dialog: going to write about you in his
dialog: column tomorrow.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: SHOOTING ACROSS Kello onto Sidney. Sidney's smile is tired.
speaker_heading: SIDNEY
dialog: I thought he would.
speaker_heading: KELLO
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: (then)
dialog: And another thing - he's gonna say
dialog: you 'resisted arrest'...
dialog: (as Sidney nods)
dialog: You know J.J....!
text: Sidney turns away to look back towards Phil. Then, taking
text: Kello totally by surprise, he wheels, striking the cop
text: viciously across the mouth.
speaker_heading: KELLO
text: Kello's head jerks back. Recovering at once, he guffaws,
text: lurches into CAMERA with a sudden vicious movement. There
text: is a sharp guttural cry over scene.
speaker_heading: LONGER ANGLE
text: Phil runs forward towards the figures of Sidney and Kello
text: seen beyond him. In doing so, he blocks the view so that we
text: do not clearly see the violence with which Kello strikes
text: Sidney down. Phil, in foreground, is seen to relax. When
text: he moves aside, clearing the view, Sidney is writhing on the
text: ground at Kello's feet.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: Kello wipes his knuckles on his handkerchief. He signals to
text: Phil to help lift the body at his feet. Phil enters shot
text: and they raise Sidney, half carrying, half dragging him out
dialog: of shot.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: The cops carry the figure of Sidney Falco across Duffy
text: Square; they bundle him into the police car. The pigeons in
text: the square, circle.
scene_heading: HUNSECKER'S TERRACE
text: CAMERA LOOKS down towards Duffy Square in the distance. The
text: police car can be seen moving off, circling the square and
text: disappearing southward on Broadway. CAMERA PULLS BACK to
text: include Hunsecker in foreground.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: A CLOSE SHOT, SHOOTING sharply upward at Hunsecker. He
text: looks down, quiet impassively, and there is a slightly
text: insane grandeur, a paranoiac superiority in the way that he
text: turns back, dismissing Sidney from his thoughts.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: CAMERA SHOOTS towards the closed door of Susan's room.
text: Hunsecker walks into the shot, stops before the door. He
text: begins to take off his tie and unbutton his shirt, clearly
text: preparing to go to bed. As an after-thought, he comes back
text: to the door, addresses it:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Susie?
dialog: (getting no answer)
dialog: Are you in bed...?
text: CAMERA MOVES CLOSER. It is at a low level, still emphasizing
text: the man's dignity. He strolls for a few paces.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I don't have to tell you, of
dialog: course, that I cleared your
dialog: boyfriend's name; I didn't let you
dialog: down...
text: CAMERA has now moved so that we are shooting past Hunsecker
text: onto Susan's door. He gets no answer except silence.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: A CLOSE SHOT, REVERSE ANGLE. We now see in his face a
text: flicker of fear. With what is clearly an effort, he
text: reassumes a confident manner.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: ...I was saving this news for
dialog: breakfast, but I think I'll jump
dialog: the gun! I'M GONNA GIVE YOU AND
text: DALLAS THE BIGGEST WEDDING THIS
text: TOWN HAS EVER SEEN!
text: Still no answer from inside the bedroom. Hunsecker's forced
text: expression remains unnaturally fixed upon his face. He
dialog: calls out:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: Susie...?
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: The room is quite empty. CAMERA SHOOTS across the bed
text: towards the door in background. Susan's discarded fur coat
text: lies on the bed. And the doors of the wardrobe are open.
text: Hunsecker's voice can be heard continuing over scene:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER (O.S.)
dialog: (outside)
dialog: I'm getting the Mayor to perform
dialog: the ceremony and - NO, I think I'll
dialog: fly the Governor down from Albany...
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: Do you hear...?
text: A pause. Then, very tentatively, the bedroom door is opened.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER (O.S.)
dialog: (outside)
dialog: Are you listening?...
text: Now he opens the door and comes in.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
text: A BIG CLOSE UP. The sight of the empty room freezes his
text: face for a moment. His eyes look round.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: From Hunsecker's viewpoint. A PANNING SHOT, from the open
text: door of the cupboard to the fur coat. CAMERA PULLS BACK to
text: include Hunsecker. He steps to the bed, picks up the coat.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: There is a dazed, incredulous look on his face. But, as he
text: glances over his shoulder, CAMERA ZOOMS PAST him towards a
text: little door in the wall behind him: It is ajar, showing a
text: couple of inches of light.
scene_heading: RESUME HUNSECKER
text: Once again Hunsecker reassures himself that Susan must be
text: behind the door. But his voice is even more false as he
dialog: declares:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (a note of anger
dialog: appearing in his voice)
dialog: Susie!...You won't threaten
dialog: me!...Nobody walks out on J.J.
dialog: Hunsecker!
text: CAMERA NOW MOVES CLOSER and closer to Hunsecker. The ANGLE
text: is a weird one, tilting grotesquely upward.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You need me - you all need me!...
text: Hunsecker, his fists clenching fiercely at the fur coat,
text: walks towards the door. CAMERA PANS with him. He stands a
text: few inches from the narrow opening. He seems about to push
text: the door open further, but is afraid to do so.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: CAMERA SHOOTS ACROSS the bathtub, showing enough of the tiny
text: room to make it clear that it, too, is completely empty.
text: Through the slit in the door, we can see only a glimpse of
text: the movement of Hunsecker outside. Hunsecker's voice
dialog: continues:
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER (O.S.)
dialog: "The Lord is my Shepherd; I shall
dialog: not want".
dialog: (a sneering laugh)
dialog: That's bunk in a book! I'm the
dialog: Shepherd of millions of little men
dialog: and women!...
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: A DOWNWARD ANGLE, SHOOTING past Hunsecker to the door. As
text: Hunsecker retreats from the door, he is still clutching the
text: fur coat. He stands alone in the middle of the room and his
text: gestures are a little wild. CAMERA rises higher to shoot
text: down at Hunsecker, alone in the little room.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...I don't ask them to get on their
dialog: knees, but they come to me for
dialog: advice and guidance! Who are you
dialog: to reject me!
text: With an increasingly eccentric manner, Hunsecker strides out
text: of the bedroom door into the living room again.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: A similar ANGLE, SHOOTING down on Hunsecker as he comes out
text: of the bedroom. But as he starts to roam the vast room,
text: CAMERA rises higher still, pulling backwards and upwards to
text: a LONG SHOT which holds the entirety of the big room in all
text: its ugliness.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What makes YOU fit to sit in
dialog: judgment on a man like me. Only a
dialog: great person understands another
dialog: great person, and that leaves you
dialog: out!
text: Hunsecker is now addressing the whole of the apartment, no
text: longer pretending even to himself, that the girl is still
text: listening. He moves off towards the windows to the terrace
text: where the curtains are now blowing in the morning wind. He
text: goes out towards the terrace, his voice becoming more
text: distant - a man shouting empty nonsense, addressing no one.
speaker_heading: HUNSECKER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: - That leaves you ALL out! You're
dialog: pigmies! You're all sick, weak
dialog: midgets! I'm proud to be alone!...
scene_heading: EXT. BROADWAY
text: CAMERA SHOOTS STEEPLY UP towards the top of the Brill Bldg.
text: (At this angle Hunsecker's terrace will not be visible but
text: its position is established in relationship to the Budweiser
text: sign.) CAMERA PANS DOWN to pick up the figure of Susan
text: Hunsecker as she pushes her way out of the brass doors onto
dialog: Broadway.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: Susan pauses on the sidewalk. She stays there for a moment.
text: She breathes in the fresh morning air, looking around with
text: the expression of someone who sees the world with new eyes.
text: Then she starts up Broadway - away from the Times Square
text: area. The girl's step has a purpose in it; she has
text: confidence and courage. Music for the end titles is quiet,
text: simple and lyrical.
speaker_heading: END OF PICTURE
dialog: 
dialog: 
