speaker_heading: SWORDFISH
dialog: by
dialog: Skip Woods
dialog: January 2001
dialog: Final Production Draft
speaker_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL
scene_heading: PURPOSES ONLY
speaker_heading: 1 BLACKNESS 1
dialog: We hear OVER...
speaker_heading: GABRIEL (V.O.)
dialog: You know the problem with
dialog: Hollywood? They make shit.
dialog: Unbelievable, unremarkable shit.
dialog: I'm not some grungy filmmaker-
dialog: wannabee searching for
text: existentialism through a haze of
dialog: bong-smoke. It's easy to pick
dialog: apart bad acting, short-sighted
dialog: directing, or the purely moronic
text: stringing together of words many
dialog: of the studios term as prose. No,
dialog: I'm talking the lack of realism.
dialog: Realism. Not a pervasive element
dialog: in the modern American cinematic
dialog: vision.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. STARBUCKS COFFEE SHOP - MORNING
text: Three men sit at a window booth drinking coffee and
text: talking. Two of the men sit on one side of the table;
text: STANLEY is in his early thirties, AGENT ROBERTS, early
text: forties. Both wear suits, the younger's is fairly
dialog: expensive and well cut, the other's is polyester, enough
dialog: said. The MAN across, however, is quite different. He
dialog: is what they used to call a "cool-cat."
speaker_heading: GABRIEL (MAN)
dialog: Take Dog Day Afternoon for
dialog: example. Arguably Pacino's
dialog: greatest performance, excepting
dialog: The Godfather, Part I, and
dialog: Scarface, of course. A
dialog: masterpiece of directing, easily
dialog: Lumet's best. The acting, the
dialog: script, cinematography, all top
dialog: notch. But, they didn't push the
dialog: envelope. What if in Dog Day,
dialog: Sonny really wanted to get away
dialog: with it? What if, and here's
dialog: where it gets tricky. What if
dialog: they'd started killing hostages?
dialog: No mercy, no quarter, meet our
dialog: demands or the cute blonde in the
text: bell bottoms gets one in the back
text: of the head, bam, splatter. What?
dialog: Still no bus?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: 1 CONTINUED: 1
speaker_heading: GABRIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: How many innocent victims would
text: they let get sprayed across the
text: windows before the city reversed
dialog: its policy on hostage situations?
dialog: And this was 1976. No C.N.N., no
scene_heading: C.N.B.C., no M.T.V. No Internet.
dialog: Fast forward to the present, same
dialog: situation. Can you imagine the
dialog: feeding frenzy of the modern
dialog: media? In hours it would be the
dialog: top story from Boston to Budapest.
dialog: All caught in 150 millimeter zoom,
dialog: computer enhanced, and color
dialog: corrected. You would practically
dialog: taste the brain matter. Six
text: hostages die. Ten. Twelve.
dialog: Twenty. Thirty. Relentless. One
text: after another. All over a bus, a
dialog: plane, and a couple of million
dialog: dollars that were federally
dialog: insured.
text: He sits, letting the pictures sink in, then:
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Just a thought. I mean it's not
dialog: really within the realm of
dialog: conventional cinema, but what
dialog: if...?
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: You know, this movie of yours, I
dialog: don't think it would have worked.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Really? How come?
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Audiences love happy endings.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
text: Pacino escapes. With the money.
dialog: Boyfriend gets the sex change
dialog: operation. They live happily ever
dialog: after.
text: Stanley shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: 1 CONTINUED: (2) 1
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Homophobia?
text: Stanley shakes his head.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Bad guy can't win. It's a
dialog: morality tale. One way or the
dialog: other, he's gotta go down.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Oh, well. Life does tend to be
dialog: stranger than fiction.
dialog: (looking at watch)
dialog: Well, guys, gotta jet. This place
dialog: is kinda dead.
text: CAMERA PANS AROUND the coffee shop. Not a soul in the
text: place. We CONTINUE TO PAN AROUND 270 DEGREES TO the
text: front door, which is open. Outside the open doorway are
text: crouched a squad of heavily body-armored SWAT members,
text: packed together, and aiming automatic weapons inside.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GABRIEL
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Thanks for the coffee.
text: He gets up. In his left hand, which has been hidden by
text: the table until now, he is holding a strange-looking
text: spring-loaded grip. Gabriel is looking back at them.
text: Smiles.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
text: Rene Descartes is sitting in some
dialog: bar in Paris. Bartender says,
dialog: 'Hey, you want another drink?'
dialog: Descartes says, 'I think not.'
dialog: And disappears.
text: He smiles at his own joke, then turns and walks over to
text: the front door.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Move.
text: No one even twitches.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I won't ask again.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: 1 CONTINUED: (3) 1
text: He lifts up the device in his left hand.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ROBERTS
text: who nods his head. The SWAT team moves back, letting
text: Gabriel out of the coffee shop.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Thank you.
text: Gabriel looks back at Stan sitting in the booth.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Stanley... you coming?
text: Stan slides from the booth as Gabriel exits the coffee
dialog: shop --
scene_heading: 2 EXT. STARBUCKS COFFEE SHOP - DAY 2
text: SILENCE -- no sounds on the SOUNDTRACK.
text: Gabriel and Stanley stop just outside the doorway.
text: Gabriel dons a pair of hip little shades, then continues
text: across the sidewalk and into the street.
text: He nonchalantly looks up. Suddenly the THUMP of
text: HELICOPTERS and the WAIL of SIRENS dominates the
dialog: soundtrack.
text: Pandemonium. HELICOPTERS RIP the sky, L.A. County PD and
text: a bunch of news vultures. Squad cars block off both ends
text: of the street while SWAT trucks, news vans, and looky-
text: loos are packed together into the distance.
text: Sharpshooters lean out of windows and snipers are
text: positioned on every open rooftop. Hundreds of weapons
text: are pointed at this man who saunters across the street as
text: if he's on his way to Sunday service, without a care in
dialog: the world.
text: Slowly, Stanley follows Gabriel into the street.
text: Gabriel steps up on the far sidewalk, a huge armored bus
text: blocks most of the windows. He walks beside the bus,
text: under a huge "WORLD BANC" sign, and through the glass
text: front door, which shuts IN OUR FACE.
scene_heading: 3 INT. BANK - CLOSEUP - GABRIEL - DAY 3
text: He turns away from the window and we FOLLOW him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: 3 CONTINUED: 3
text: The interior of the bank looks like New Orleans on Fat
text: Tuesday. Three Hummers sit in the middle of the floor,
text: surrounded by broken glass. Between them rests a bright
text: red Ferrari F50 (Gabriel's).
text: All but one of the front windows of the bank, the one
text: with the door in it, has been welded over with 3/4 inch
dialog: plate steel.
text: Over two dozen hostages lie face down on the floor, arms
text: cable-tied behind their backs. Something has been duct-
text: taped around their chests and each is wearing what
text: appears to be a dog collar.
text: The other occupants of the room are nine men. All of
dialog: whom would look as if they were attending the fashion
dialog: event of the year were it not for the automatic weapons
text: each one carries.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: How we doin'?
text: One of the ARMED MEN finishes putting a collar on a
text: young, normally good-looking-but-now-covered-in-mascara,
text: whimpering blonde girl.
speaker_heading: MARCO (ARMED MAN)
dialog: Done.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Good. Take her out.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18 8:41:22...
text: The front door opens and one of the suited men drags out
text: the pretty blonde from earlier. She is sobbing and is in
dialog: such grief she can't even walk.
scene_heading: 4 EXT. BANK - DAY 4
text: On the sidewalk, the suited man, his automatic weapon
text: slung, holds her up for everyone to see.
scene_heading: 5 INT. BANK - DAY 5
text: Gabriel grabs his cell and dials.
scene_heading: 6 INT. STARBUCKS COFFEE SHOP - DAY 6
text: Roberts sits in the Starbucks which has been transformed
text: into a high-tech command center reading a newspaper.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: 6 CONTINUED: 6
dialog: We cannot see the headlines. Federal and state officers
text: scramble around handling problems. The PHONE RINGS.
text: Assistant Director Bill Joy (A.D. JOY), an older-looking
text: guy who looks more like an accountant than an assistant
text: director of the FBI, is handed the phone.
speaker_heading: A.D. JOY
dialog: Is everyone in position?
speaker_heading: SWAT LEADER
dialog: Almost, sir.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: (looks up from
dialog: paper)
dialog: What are you doing?
dialog: We PAN AROUND.
speaker_heading: A.D. JOY
dialog: (to SWAT LEADER)
dialog: Get her at your first opportunity.
speaker_heading: SWAT LEADER
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: High ground one and two. You
dialog: have a green light.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: I've seen what this man is capable
dialog: of --
speaker_heading: A.D. JOY
dialog: The F.B.I. does not negotiate with
dialog: terrorists. I assumed you'd be
dialog: aware of that.
dialog: (answering phone)
dialog: Joy.
text: Roberts picks up an extension.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL (V.O.)
dialog: Don't talk, listen... When I made
dialog: my Dog Day Afternoon analogy, I
text: was not speaking metaphorically.
dialog: We have 22 hostages. Each has
dialog: been wrapped with 20 pounds of
dialog: C-four explosives.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 7.
scene_heading: 7 EXT. BANK 7
text: SWAT guys making their way to the roof of the bank.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL (V.O.)
dialog: On top of that we have taped 15
text: pounds of stainless steel ball
dialog: bearings --
scene_heading: 8 INT. BANK - ANGLE ON GABRIEL 8
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: -- making them the world's largest
text: walking Claymore mines.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 9 EXT. BANK - SHARPSHOOTERS 9
text: aiming down at Gabriel's merc.
text: The merc is holding up the weeping girl so everyone can
text: see what Gabriel is talking about. Unbeknownst to him,
text: red laser aiming dots appear on Gab's merc's chest.
scene_heading: 10 INT. BANK - DAY 10
text: Stanley is being held by two of the well-dressed men.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP ON GABRIEL
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
text: Around her neck is a radio-
dialog: frequency electronic dog collar --
scene_heading: 11 INT. STARBUCKS - DAY 11
text: Roberts stops short as he hears this. He and Joy both
text: look at each other.
scene_heading: 12 INT. BANK - DAY 12
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
text: Dog walks out of his yard, he gets
text: the shit shocked out of him.
scene_heading: 13 INT. STARBUCKS - DAY 13
text: Hearing this, Roberts stands back up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: 13 CONTINUED: 13
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Stop them --
text: In SLOW MOTION, A.D. Joy jumps for his radio.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL (V.O.)
dialog: Same thing --
scene_heading: 14 INT. BANK - CLOSEUP - GABRIEL - DAY 14
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: -- their yard is this bank. So,
dialog: don't fuck with me.
scene_heading: 15 EXT. BANK - SAME TIME 15
text: SWAT members move into position along the peripheral.
text: The merc turns toward them. The momentum swings his
text: shouldered weapon upward in SLOW MOTION.
scene_heading: 16 INT. STARBUCKS - DAY 16
speaker_heading: A.D. JOY
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: Hold your --
scene_heading: 17 EXT. BANK - SAME TIME 17
text: The SWAT snipers take this weapon movement as an
text: aggressive act and FIRE into the merc, the BULLETS
text: RIPPING into him. He drops. A SWAT-armored vehicle
text: rushes in -- one of the team jumps out, in an attempt to
dialog: rescue the woman.
scene_heading: 18 INT. BANK - DAY 18
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: No! Noooo!!
scene_heading: 19 EXT. BANK - DAY 19
text: Hysterical, the hostage runs back toward the bank,
text: confusing the SWAT guy trying to rescue her. He reaches
text: for her but she fights him. Finally, he grabs her around
text: the waist and carries her on his shoulder into the street
text: as she screams toward the bank for help.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 9.
scene_heading: 19 CONTINUED: 19
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - HIS FOOT (SLOW MOTION)
text: as he steps off the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON GIRL (SLOW MOTION)
dialog: She is screaming nooooo!
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - HIS FOOT (SLOW MOTION)
text: as it continues its stride.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - RADIO DOG COLLAR (SLOW MOTION)
text: Around her neck. The green light blinks to red. BEEP.
scene_heading: NORMAL SPEED.
speaker_heading: KABOOM!
text: BALL BEARINGS RICOCHET against the plate steel of the
dialog: bank.
scene_heading: 20 EXT. STARBUCKS COFFEE SHOP - DAY 20
text: The ball bearings bounce across the street and tap
text: against the coffee shop.
scene_heading: 21 INT. STARBUCKS COFFEE SHOP - DAY (SLOW MOTION) 21
text: Everyone in the coffee shop looks at each other like,
dialog: "What just happened?"
scene_heading: 22 EXT. STARBUCKS COFFEE SHOP - DAY 22
text: As ball bearings roll back into the street.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: TITLE SEQUENCE:
scene_heading: 23 INT. CUSTOMS (LAX) - CLOSEUP ON AXL TORVALDS - DAY 23
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: 3 DAYS EARLIER
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: 23 CONTINUED: 23
text: AXL TORVALDS enters customs. A thirty-something European
dialog: who could easily pass for a season regular on
dialog: "Sprockets."
text: We PULL BACK. Torvalds is watching anxiously as his bags
text: are torn into like Christmas day at the Griswalds. The
text: two CUSTOMS AGENTS eye his three laptops suspiciously.
speaker_heading: TORVALDS
dialog: (heavy Finnish
dialog: accent)
dialog: Please be careful --
text: -- one of the Agents cuts off his plea with a glance.
speaker_heading: TORVALDS
dialog: (to himself, almost
dialog: inaudibly)
dialog: -- that equipment is quite
dialog: expensive.
text: Torvalds is wary of time. After several moments his bags
text: are being repacked when another passport is found.
text: The customs official holds up two passports. ANOTHER
text: CUSTOMS OFFICIAL takes them and walks over to Torvalds.
scene_heading: ANOTHER CUSTOMS OFFICIAL
dialog: Mr. Torvalds. Could you step
dialog: over here, please.
text: Torvalds glances at his watch. 1:45 PM.
speaker_heading: TORVALDS
dialog: How long am I going to be delayed?
scene_heading: ANOTHER CUSTOMS OFFICIAL
dialog: It'll be just a moment.
text: Torvalds stands to the side, while two customs officials
text: compare his passports. They step over to a computer
text: terminal and punch in some data. It's 1:50 PM.
text: Torvalds notices a customs department employee wheeling a
text: cart of confiscated items out of a nearby service
text: elevator. He pushes the cart out of the oversized
dialog: elevator.
text: Torvalds shoots a glance back to the two officials
text: discussing his situation.
text: Torvalds casually picks up his computer case and coolly
text: walks over to the elevator.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: 23 CONTINUED: (2) 23
text: Torvalds walks in just as the doors close.
text: The customs officials conferring look around. Torvalds
text: is gone. One of them looks up and sees the numbers
text: changing above the elevator.
text: The customs officials race up to the escalator to the --
scene_heading: 24 INT. MEZZANINE LEVEL 24
text: Torvalds exits the elevator -- and coolly makes his way
text: to the pedestrian walkway. He's halfway across it, when
text: -- multiple security teams appear and converge on him
dialog: from both ends.
text: He's finally wrestled to the ground.
speaker_heading: DARK SUIT #2
dialog: (flipping a badge
dialog: in Torvalds' face)
dialog: Axl Torvalds. You are under
dialog: arrest.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 25 INT. BOARDROOM (WASHINGTON, D.C.) - DAY 25
scene_heading: SENATOR JAMES REISMAN -- R. (Georgia) strides confidently
text: into a small, windowless boardroom.
speaker_heading: SENATOR REISMAN
dialog: This better be important, you
dialog: pulled me out of session.
text: DARWIN KAPLAN, the President's aide and one of the four
text: men in the room, definitely the most intense, smiles
text: thinly.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: Senator, I wouldn't have asked you
dialog: to come here if it wasn't.
text: The Senator starts to sit down. Kaplan turns toward the
dialog: Senator.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: Senator, we just received a
dialog: communication that Axl Torvalds
dialog: was intercepted entering the
dialog: continental U.S.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: 25 CONTINUED: 25
speaker_heading: SENATOR REISMAN
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
text: Within the last two hours.
dialog: According to our source inside the
dialog: F.B.I., he was nabbed coming
text: through customs at L.A.X.
dialog: Alone...
speaker_heading: SENATOR REISMAN
dialog: Do they know who they are dealing
dialog: with?
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: It is unlikely, sir. It was a
dialog: routine check and Torvalds freaked
dialog: out. They just got lucky.
speaker_heading: SENATOR REISMAN
dialog: This ain't good, boys. The Vortex
dialog: has used Torvalds before. What do
dialog: the feds know?
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: Nothing as of yet. He's refusing
dialog: to speak English and the Finnish
dialog: consulate has already contacted
dialog: the State Department...
speaker_heading: SENATOR REISMAN
dialog: So we haven't been compromised?
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: We're not sure. We're working on
dialog: that right now.
speaker_heading: SENATOR REISMAN
dialog: You better get sure real quick,
dialog: son, 'cause someone's cock's
text: liable to end up on the block on
dialog: this one. And I promise you it
dialog: won't be mine.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: Senator, I think we'll be okay
dialog: here --
speaker_heading: SENATOR REISMAN
dialog: I don't fucking pay you to think,
dialog: Kaplan. I pay you to keep me
dialog: informed. I know the Vortex.
dialog: That's why I voted against using
dialog: him on American soil.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: 25 CONTINUED: (2) 25
speaker_heading: SENATOR REISMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It's like using the Ebola virus to
dialog: cure a cancer patient. Son, what
dialog: do you think's going to happen if
text: he starts tying up loose ends.
text: They look at each other.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: Yessir. I understand.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 26 EXT. MIDDLE OF NOWHERE - DAY 26
dialog: We are indeed in the middle of nowhere, no nothing as far
text: as you can see. We CONTINUE TO CRANE UP, a $140,000
text: Ferrari Modena flies down the road in a cloud of
text: suspended gravel toward Stanley's dilapidated, piece-o'-
dialog: crap trailer.
scene_heading: 27 EXT. TRAILER - ROOF - DAY 27
text: Stan stands on the roof of his trailer, which was a
text: dilapidated shack in the 1950s and now is a lot worse. A
text: chained but scruffy-looking Rottweiler runs around in
text: front of the trailer.
text: Stan looks completely different than he did in the
text: opening sequence. He hasn't taken very good care of
text: himself. His hair is long, and right now standing on
text: end. He is wearing nothing but a dirty towel, and is
text: slicing golf balls off the roof. Whack.
text: As the Ferrari drives up he begins hitting golf balls at
dialog: it, but he just isn't very good. Nevertheless, after a
text: dozen bad hits, a lucky shot ricochets off the aluminum
dialog: hood.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - FERRARI HOOD
speaker_heading: CLANG!
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Stan smiles as the car slides to a halt in the gravel
text: driveway, and turns back to his "work."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: 27 CONTINUED: 27
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STANLEY
text: As we hear the DOOR SHUT and SOMEONE COMES UP the
text: aluminum extension ladder.
text: A few moments later, in SLOW MOTION, GINGER appears at
text: the top of the ladder and steps onto the trailer's roof.
text: Stan turns around.
dialog: She is what the hack writers of the Thirties would call a
text: vision. Thesauruses could be exhausted searching for
dialog: adjectives that do her justice.
text: In the low-rent light of Stanley's white trash haven, she
dialog: is, by definition, a goddess.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Who are you supposed to be?
speaker_heading: WHACK (slice).
text: She lights a cigarette, inhales deeply, then exhales.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Hello, Stanley.
dialog: She knows his name.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: I'm Ginger.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: WHACK (slice).
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: For someone the N.S.A. has listed
dialog: as the most dangerous hacker in
dialog: America, you sure don't look like
dialog: much.
speaker_heading: WHACK (slice).
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Don't look so surprised. I know
dialog: everything there is to know about
dialog: you, Stan. From your mom's maiden
dialog: name to how big your...
text: She glances downward then back up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: 27 CONTINUED: (2) 27
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Bank account is.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: How'd you get past my dog?
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: (cute)
dialog: Boys like me.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Great. What are you selling
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: WHACK (slice).
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Did I say I was selling something?
dialog: I'm here to help you, Stan. Look
dialog: at you, you're a mess.
speaker_heading: WHACK (slice).
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: My employer wants to meet you.
speaker_heading: WHACK (slice).
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: You're not very good at this, are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: You're fucking up my chi.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Can I see that?
text: Begrudgingly he hands her the club. She tees up a ball,
text: pulls up her skirt far enough to reveal thong, and whack,
text: hits a ball that Tiger Woods would envy. CLANG.
text: She smiles, hands him the club back and pulls down her
dialog: skirt.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: You need to straighten your left
dialog: arm. You're bending it.
text: He looks at her.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Trust me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: 27 CONTINUED: (3) 27
text: He does and the ball goes flying 200 yards, perfect,
text: whacking a fridge with "200 YARDS" painted on it. CLANG!
text: Stan looks at the club, then tosses it to the ground,
text: climbing back down an aluminum extension ladder that
text: leads up through a makeshift hatch on the roof.
scene_heading: 28 INT. KITCHEN 28
text: She follows but Stan ignores her and walks into his
dialog: bedroom.
text: She walks over, opens, and reaches into the fridge --
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: This is not a nice place you have
dialog: here, Stanley.
text: -- and pulls out a beer --
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: I've only been here a few minutes
dialog: and I'm already starting to feel
dialog: sorry for myself.
text: She walks into:
scene_heading: 29 INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 29
text: Stan walks back in, looking for semi-clean clothes.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: You're wasting your time. I even
dialog: touch a computer, I go straight to
dialog: Leavenworth, do not pass go, do
dialog: not collect 200 dollars. Whatever
dialog: I was...
text: Stanley, pulling on his pants, lets the sentence hang,
dialog: unfinished.
text: He's putting on his shoes. She squats down in front of
text: him, resting her hand on his leg.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Stanley, think about it, they
dialog: still teach your techniques at
dialog: M.I.T.
text: She smiles up at him, then takes a long drink of her
text: beer. Stan stares at her a moment, then...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: 29 CONTINUED: 29
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: I'm not here to suck your dick,
dialog: Stanley, you can sit around doing
dialog: the martyr thing as long as you
dialog: like. He'll pay you just to meet
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I gotta go to work.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Oh that's right, and fine work it
dialog: is, too.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Stanley...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Have you spoken to Holly lately?
text: She just dropped a 20 megaton thermonuclear warhead into
dialog: Stanley's universe.
scene_heading: 30 EXT. STANLEY'S TRAILER - DAY 30
text: Stanley practically pitches her down the steps of his
text: trailer and slams the door.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Shit...
scene_heading: 31 INT. MALIBU HOUSE - DAY 31
text: A TELEPHONE RINGS in a multi-zillion dollar Malibu beach
text: house. A WOMAN, late twenties, grabs the receiver. Her
text: voice is of perfect timbre and accentless.
speaker_heading: MELISSA (WOMAN)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: 31 CONTINUED: 31
speaker_heading: STANLEY (V.O.)
dialog: Melissa...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Holly home?
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: (New York starts to
dialog: invade her accentless
dialog: accent)
dialog: Stanley. Why are you calling
dialog: here?
scene_heading: 32 INT. STANLEY'S TRAILER - ANGLE - STANLEY 32
text: on phone. He stands in front of his now closed fridge.
text: It is covered with pictures of his daughter, Holly.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I want to talk with Holly.
text: INTERCUT BETWEEN the two.
text: Melissa's accent continues to travel eastward from
text: Midwest flat to full tilt Long Island.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: It's...
dialog: (looks at her watch)
dialog: It's twelve-thirty, Stanley.
dialog: She's in school. You know it's
dialog: illegal for you to talk to her.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Don't do this, Mel. It's not good
dialog: for Holly --
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: How the hell would you know what
dialog: is or isn't good for my daughter?
dialog: You've spent the last two years in
dialog: prison.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Mel --
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: Stop calling me that, Stanley.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I just want to see my baby.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: 32 CONTINUED: 32
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: Well, she doesn't want to see you,
dialog: Stanley, and I swear to fucking
dialog: God, if you contact her, I'll have
dialog: Larry's attorney throw you into a
dialog: hole so deep and dark it'll make
dialog: Leavenworth seem like two weeks in
dialog: Vegas; during which I'll
text: personally pay two ball-busting
dialog: skin-heads to --
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Wow, Mel, you can take the girl
dialog: out of the trailer park, but you
dialog: can't take the trailer park out of
dialog: the girl.
text: She regains control. Her voice is accentless once again.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: (exhaling)
dialog: I will not let myself be
dialog: manipulated by you, Stanley.
dialog: Larry's her father now.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Larry's the porn king --
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: Larry's a film financier, a good
dialog: husband, and an astute
dialog: businessman. What films he's
dialog: involved in are a function of
dialog: profitability and none of your
dialog: business.
text: She is now downright icy.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: Get help, Stanley, get into a
dialog: program, get a therapist, get a
dialog: dog, but whatever you do, stay
dialog: away from my child.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Your child? She's our child.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: She will never be your child.
dialog: You'll never have the kind of
dialog: money to match Larry's lawyers in
dialog: court. Forget Holly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: 32 CONTINUED: (2) 32
speaker_heading: CLICK.
text: The PHONE GOES DEAD.
text: Stanley freaks, beats the receiver against the fridge,
text: again, and again. Then, he calmly hangs up the phone.
scene_heading: 33 EXT. STANLEY'S TRAILER - DAY 33
text: Stanley walks down the steps of his trailer. Ginger sits
text: on the hood of her car in all her estrogenic glory,
text: smoking and petting Stan's dog.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: Stanley's dog leans against her, happy.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (to dog, like
dialog: "traitor")
dialog: Judas.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Hello, Stanley.
text: She smiles at him. He smiles back, about ready to stick
text: her in the trunk of her car.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Look, I'm beginning to lose my
dialog: sense of humor about --
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Let's cut through the bullshit,
dialog: Stan. If you ever want to have a
dialog: chance in hell of getting your
dialog: daughter back you'll shut up and
dialog: listen. Unless of course you want
dialog: to stay here in your pathetic,
text: loser life while she learns what
dialog: it's like to be a fluffer in one
dialog: of her new daddy's videos.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: 33 CONTINUED: 33
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Do me the courtesy of not
dialog: confusing your own childhood with
dialog: my daughter's.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Look at your situation, Stanley.
dialog: For twenty months you've been in
dialog: court six times, each time your
text: custody case has been thrown out.
dialog: Your situation doesn't look good,
dialog: sweetheart.
text: She blows smoke at him, thinking, then whips out her
dialog: trump card.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: How much would it cost to retain
dialog: the best family lawyer in the
dialog: country and regain custody of your
dialog: daughter?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
text: All the way through the jury
dialog: trial?
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: A lot.
text: She pulls out a large manila envelope. Opens it and
text: dumps the rubber-banded stacks of hundreds onto the
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: This should get you started.
text: Stanley just stares at the money. He looks up at Ginger.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Whattaya have to lose? Just meet
dialog: him. One time. That's it. You
dialog: don't like the setup, walk away.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: That's it?
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: That's it. And you keep the
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: 33 CONTINUED: (2) 33
text: She smokes, letting it all sink in. She puts out her
text: cigarette. They just stare at each other. She smiles.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 34 INT. FBI INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT 34
text: Torvalds sits at a table in a room with a two-way mirror.
text: To his left, a three-piece suited Euroweasel (obviously
text: his LAWYER) nurses a steaming cup of coffee while
text: providing air cover from the two interrogating FBI
dialog: Agents.
text: The table is covered with empty coffee cups and cigarette
text: carcasses. Roberts eases quietly into the room in mid-
dialog: interrogation.
text: Torvalds says something in Finnish to his Lawyer.
speaker_heading: AGENT #1
dialog: What did he say?
text: Torvalds again speaks to his Lawyer in Finnish.
speaker_heading: AGENT #2
dialog: Your client is wanted on 24 counts
dialog: of electronic crimes in seven
dialog: different countries --
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Finland does not recognize these
dialog: allegations as crimes. Your
dialog: laws --
speaker_heading: AGENT #1
dialog: Do you see a Finnish flag hanging
dialog: on the wall, Ikea boy?
text: Torvalds speaks to his Lawyer.
speaker_heading: AGENT #1
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: He said Ikea is Swedish.
speaker_heading: AGENT #1
dialog: He understands English?
text: The FBI Agent's head is now close to imploding.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: 34 CONTINUED: 34
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Okay... Guys, why don't you give
dialog: me a few minutes here?
text: They turn to see Roberts smiling.
speaker_heading: AGENT #2
dialog: Uh, sir...
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: It's okay. Just a couple of
dialog: minutes.
speaker_heading: AGENT #1
dialog: Yessir.
speaker_heading: AGENT #2
dialog: You've fucked up now, Hamlet.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: (never taking his
dialog: eyes off Torvalds)
dialog: And Michaels.
speaker_heading: AGENT #2
dialog: Yessir.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Hamlet was a Dane.
speaker_heading: AGENT #2
dialog: Adane?
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Forget it.
text: Roberts sits down in a chair facing Torvalds. He stares
text: at him a moment, just smiling, then...
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Why would the number one cracker
dialog: in the world risk life
dialog: imprisonment to enter the
dialog: continental U.S.?
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: My client has repeatedly reserved
dialog: his right not answer any questions
dialog: at this time.
text: Torvalds looks at Roberts' badge and says something in
dialog: Finnish, the only recognizable word being "Roberts." The
text: attorney and Torvalds both laugh. Roberts looks at the
dialog: attorney.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: 34 CONTINUED: (2) 34
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: He told me to tell Mister Roberts
dialog: that he is quite fond of 'The
dialog: X-Files.'
text: Again they smile. Roberts looks at the lawyer's cup of
text: steaming coffee and with one finger pushes it over into
text: the lawyer's lap.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: You need another cup of coffee --
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: (jumping up in
dialog: great pain)
dialog: Goddammit!
text: Roberts grabs him by the collar and slams him into the
text: wall, then pushes him out the door with a kick in the
text: ass. He grabs the briefcase and tosses it out after him
text: and locks the door.
text: He turns on Torvalds, smacking him across the face. He
text: pushes him into the wall and holds his badge in front of
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Until a year ago I was head of the
dialog: largest task force on cyber-
dialog: criminals in the entire world.
dialog: But, I burned out. It happens. I
dialog: snapped. I shot a suspect in the
dialog: fucking hand. Accident. Do you
dialog: know how hard it is to work a
dialog: keyboard with one hand?
speaker_heading: TORVALDS
dialog: Whatever you can do to me, he can
dialog: do worse. I'm already dead. The
dialog: only place I stand a chance is
dialog: back in my country. I have
dialog: friends there.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: I tell you what, you tell me what
dialog: I want to know and I guarantee
dialog: you'll be on the next flight to
dialog: Finland. First class. Courtesy
dialog: of the U.S. Government.
text: Torvalds thinks quietly.
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: 35 INT. VIEWING ROOM - NIGHT 35
text: Two FBI agents (BAD AGENTS #1 &amp; 2) watch the
text: interrogation through a two-way mirror. One of the
text: agents looks surprisingly like Gabriel's merc that
text: carried the young blonde girl killed outside the bank
dialog: earlier.
speaker_heading: TORVALDS (V.O.)
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: I'll tell you what I know.
text: The Agents look at each other. Bad Agent #1 dials his
dialog: cell phone.
speaker_heading: BAD AGENT #1
dialog: (into his cell)
dialog: Yes, this is Assistant Director
dialog: Joy, would you find Agent Roberts.
dialog: It's important that I speak with
dialog: him as soon as possible. Thank
dialog: you.
scene_heading: INT. FBI INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Who is he?
scene_heading: 36 EXT. PRAGUE NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT 36
text: A yellow Lamborghini Diablo drives up. In SLOW MOTION
text: Gabriel steps out of the car, wind whipping his full-
text: length, black Gucci overcoat.
speaker_heading: TORVALDS (V.O.)
dialog: He exists in a world beyond your
dialog: world. What we only fantasize, he
dialog: does. He lives a life where
text: nothing is beyond him.
scene_heading: 37 INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT 37
speaker_heading: TORVALDS
dialog: But it is all an act.
scene_heading: 38 EXT. PRAGUE NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT 38
text: Gabriel walks through the crowd as if a celebrity --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: 38 CONTINUED: 38
speaker_heading: TORVALDS (V.O.)
dialog: For all his charisma and charm.
dialog: For all his wealth and expensive
dialog: toys.
text: -- exchanging kisses and the lingering of hands, as he
text: slides through parting seas of beautiful people.
speaker_heading: TORVALDS (V.O.)
text: Beneath it all he is a driven,
text: unflinching, calculating machine,
dialog: who takes what he wants, when he
dialog: wants, then disappears --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 39 INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - ANGLE ON TORVALDS - NIGHT 39
speaker_heading: TORVALDS
dialog: -- It works like this.
scene_heading: 40 EXT. EMPTY SKY - NIGHT 40
speaker_heading: TORVALDS (V.O.)
dialog: I fly to where I am to meet him.
text: He sends one of his people to meet
dialog: me.
text: A BOEING 777 SCREAMS overhead. We TILT DOWN. Stanley
text: and Ginger walk out of LAX. A white LIMO IDLES directly
text: in front of them.
text: Stanley is wearing a black T-shirt which proclaims in
text: large white letters across his chest, in true Scarlet
dialog: Letter fashion, "LOSER!"
speaker_heading: TORVALDS (V.O.)
dialog: He tells me what he needs. I do
dialog: my job, I'm paid.
scene_heading: 41 INT. PRAGUE - NIGHT 41
text: Upstairs on a lavish balcony Gabriel looks at the crowd.
scene_heading: PUSH INTO --
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - GABRIEL
text: smiling.
speaker_heading: TORVALDS (V.O.)
dialog: And I leave.
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: 42 INT. FBI INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT 42
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: That's a real nice story. But you
dialog: haven't given me shit.
text: Torvalds knows this and smiles at Roberts arrogantly.
text: The door opens, an FBI AGENT sticks his head in.
speaker_heading: AGENT #1
dialog: Excuse me, sir... you have a call.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: So, take a message.
speaker_heading: AGENT #1
dialog: It's Assistant Director Joy, he
dialog: said it's important.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: At least it's not my wife.
dialog: (to Torvalds)
dialog: You need to think about what else
dialog: you know.
dialog: (then, to Agent #1)
dialog: Watch him.
text: Roberts walks out of the room. The FBI Agent positions
text: himself outside the door.
scene_heading: 43 INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT 43
text: Roberts walks out of the room. Torvalds' attorney is
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: You will be hearing from my
dialog: gover --
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Shut up.
text: Roberts walks down the hall. The attorney, pissed, walks
text: back into the interrogation room.
scene_heading: 44 INT. VIEWING ROOM - NIGHT 44
text: One of the two Agents watches the door, the other, Bad
text: Agent #2 steps over to the two-way mirror.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: 44 CONTINUED: 44
text: Torvalds talks to his attorney in Finnish. Apparently
text: his attorney is trying to convince him of something.
text: Torvalds, unfazed, walks over to the one-way mirror.
text: PULL BACK FROM Torvalds to reveal Bad Agent #2 calmly
text: screwing a silencer on to his .45. Torvalds leans closer
text: to the glass.
text: Bad Agent #2 sticks the silenced barrel of the gun up
text: against the glass -- right between the eyes of Torvalds.
text: Bad Agent #2 moves the barrel up and down between
text: Torvalds face and neck.
scene_heading: 45 INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - SAME TIME 45
text: Torvalds looks smugly into the glass. He lifts his hand,
text: holding up his middle finger.
scene_heading: 46 INT. VIEWING ROOM - NIGHT 46
text: Bad Agent #2 moves his aim to Torvalds' tonsils. He
text: depresses the trigger slightly.
scene_heading: 47 INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - SAME TIME 47
text: Torvalds, middle finger in the air, smiles. Unbeknownst
text: to him however, a tiny red aiming laser has zipped
text: through the glass and is now positioned as a dot on
text: Torvalds' throat.
scene_heading: 48 INT. VIEWING ROOM - NIGHT 48
text: Satisfied with the placement he PULLS the TRIGGER...
text: THUMP! THUMP! THUMP! THUMP!
scene_heading: 49 INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT 49
text: Roberts walks down the hall and turns right into --
scene_heading: 50 INT. COFFEE ROOM - NIGHT 50
text: Roberts picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: This is Roberts, I have a call
dialog: from A.D. Joy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED: 50
speaker_heading: FBI OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Hold, sir.
dialog: Finally --
speaker_heading: A.D. JOY (V.O.)
dialog: Joy.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Roberts. You needed me.
speaker_heading: A.D. JOY (V.O.)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: You didn't call me?
speaker_heading: A.D. JOY (V.O.)
dialog: You just called me...
text: Realization slowly hits him, he drops the phone and runs
text: from the room.
scene_heading: 51 INT. HALLWAY - SAME TIME 51
text: Roberts runs down the hall and into:
scene_heading: 52 INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT 52
text: Roberts finds Torvalds and his attorney dead. Roberts
text: looks into the mirror.
text: Six clean bullet holes perforate his reflection.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Shit!
scene_heading: 53 INT. PRAGUE NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT 53
text: A huge, lavish, converted theater in downtown Los
text: Angeles. A 21st Century version of 54 on equal overdoses
text: of steroids and acid.
scene_heading: 54 INT. VIP SECTION - NIGHT 54
text: Stanley and Ginger walk into a large area with individual
text: private booths in small rooms around the perimeter. The
dialog: rooms have the ability to be closed off by drawing huge,
text: thick velvet drapes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: 54
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: I wish you'd let me buy you a
dialog: suit.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I'm happy with what I'm wearing.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: You have no self-esteem, Stanley.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: I know.
text: They walk into one of the booths in the back. Sitting
text: around a large, oval table is our antihero, Gabriel
text: Shear, surrounded by a handful of his crew and a gaggle
dialog: of beautiful model-types.
text: Ginger kisses Gabriel and with a healthy exchange of
dialog: fluids, then...
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Miss me?
text: Gabriel smiles, then looks back at Stanley.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Gabriel, Stanley. Stanley,
dialog: Gabriel.
text: Gabriel just stares.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (very familiar)
dialog: Big Stan. Nice suit.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: You know, they say it's the
dialog: clothes that make the man...
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: You buy it?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Hope not.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Buy you a drink?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: (2) 54
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I flew fifteen hundred miles for
dialog: this meeting, how 'bout we get to
dialog: the point.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Actually you flew 1500 miles for
dialog: 100 grand. But that's not the
dialog: point.
text: Stanley sits down. Gabriel pours Stan a glass of Crown.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I heard this story about this
dialog: young hacker who made a virus that
text: broke the F.B.I.'s Carnivore
dialog: program that was actively reading
dialog: every subscriber's E-mail and
dialog: scrambled the systems. He did
dialog: what the federal judges wouldn't
dialog: do and kept the government out of
dialog: our Privacy.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I think I heard that. Story is he
dialog: went to jail and the federal
dialog: Carnivore program is back in full
dialog: swing. It was a real tragedy.
dialog: What can I do for you?
dialog: Changing the subject.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Stanley, meet Helga.
text: Gabriel smiles.
text: The beautiful WOMAN to Stanley's right slides closer.
speaker_heading: HELGA (WOMAN)
dialog: (heavily accented)
dialog: Hi, Stanley.
text: Stanley looks at her, she's a knockout; artificially
text: perfect. He looks back at Gabriel.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Look, I don't have a lot of
dialog: patience for this --
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Stanley, we have a problem, maybe
dialog: you can help us out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: (3) 54
text: Stan looks around; everyone is smiling. Helga moves
text: closer to him.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Take a look at this.
text: He is handed an open laptop, it glows. He sets it on the
text: table and spins it around in front of Stanley.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (like an alcoholic
text: faced with a fifth
dialog: of tequila)
dialog: You know I can't touch that.
text: Helga pours a shot of tequila.
speaker_heading: HELGA
dialog: You like tequila, Stanley?
text: Helga shoots the tequila, then turns to Stanley, places
text: her lips against his. The gold liquid drips from their
text: lips as she spits it into Stanley's mouth.
text: He pushes her away, breaking the liplock, and swallowing
text: the tequila. She licks it from his face.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: No need for modesty, we're all
dialog: friends here, Stanley.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: This is bullshit. I came --
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: You want something from me, amigo,
dialog: I want something from you. D.O.D.
text: dBase, 128 bit R.S.A. encryption.
dialog: Whattaya think? Impossible?
text: Stanley's having a little trouble concentrating on
dialog: Gabriel.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Nothing's impossible.
text: Helga begins sucking on Stanley's fingers. He pulls them
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: So it can be done? Maybe slide in
dialog: a Trojan horse hiding a worm?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: (4) 54
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Something like that. Is this an
dialog: interview?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Sort of. Marco, let's give him
dialog: some incentive.
text: The drapes close. Two of Gabriel's crew step out. Marco
text: yanks out a .40 caliber Glock and quickly screws a well-
text: used silencer onto the end. Marco walks around behind
dialog: Stanley.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (now totally confused)
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Helga smiles, then drops her head into Stanley's lap. We
text: hear his PANTS UNZIP.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Relax, Stanley.
dialog: He has to go with it.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I've been told the best crackers
dialog: in the world could do this in
text: sixty minutes. Unfortunately,
dialog: I need someone who can do it in
dialog: sixty seconds.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: You're kidding...
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: 'Fraid not.
text: Stan realizes now no one is smiling. He grabs the blonde
text: by the hair but can't pull her up.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Forty-five seconds. Time is a
dialog: wasting, big guy.
text: The silencer is pressed into the back of his head.
text: Stanley tries to focus on the screen. Stanley sucks air
text: through his teeth, trying to focus.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: You have thirty seconds, Stanley.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: (5) 54
text: Stanley gives up on trying to get her up and his hands
text: start flying over the keyboard. We INTERCUT the ACTION
text: WITH a CLOSEUP of Stanley's hands working the keyboard,
text: and a CLOSEUP of Gabriel, and a CLOSEUP of the LCD screen
text: which reads in flashing red letters --
text: "ACCESS DENIED."
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: She's very good, isn't she,
dialog: Stanley?
text: Tension builds as Stanley continues to work the keyboard.
text: "ACCESS DENIED."
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: C'mon, Stanley. 20 seconds.
text: "ACCESS DENIED."
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Fifteen.
text: "ACCESS DENIED."
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Ten... Nine...
text: Faster and faster. "ACCESS DENIED."
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Three... Two...
text: "ACCESS DENIED."
text: He grabs her head. She doesn't come up. The screen
dialog: flashes:
text: "ACCESS DENIED."
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Too bad, Stanley. Ya gotta die.
text: Marco puts the silencer to his eye.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Wait... !
text: CLICK. The GUN is empty. Stanley tries to catch his
text: breath. Helga lifts up her head. Everyone laughs.
text: Gabriel walks around the table.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: (6) 54
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I was just fucking with you,
dialog: Stan.
text: Stanley is pissed. Helga, smiling, kisses him on the
text: cheek. Stanley tries to calm down. He gets up, shoots
text: someone's half-drank drink, zips his pants, then --
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: So was I.
text: Stanley hits the enter key and spins the computer around.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - COMPUTER SCREEN
text: "ACCESS GRANTED" appears, and the Department of Defense
text: logo scrolls across the screen.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Stanley gives them all a "fuck you" smile, then stomps
text: out through the curtain.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP ON GABRIEL
text: who smiles.
scene_heading: 55 INT. CLUB - REST ROOM - NIGHT 55
text: Stanley pushes into the bathroom. He kicks the
text: wastebasket across the room.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Shit!
text: He pushes a club kid out of the way of the sink. He
text: turns on the water and washes his face. Slowly he leans
text: his forehead against the mirror. Ginger appears behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: What are you looking at?
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Relax, Stanley. You can do this.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: 55 CONTINUED: 55
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Get away from me.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: I want to help you.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Help? Help what, squeegee my
dialog: brain off the ceiling?
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: It was just a test, Stan, you
dialog: passed.
text: Ginger pulls out a cigarette and a lighter from her
text: plastic overcoat.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: A test... I don't know why I let
dialog: you talk me into this. I can't
dialog: believe how desperate I am.
text: She exhales toward Stanley.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: I thought you were here saving
dialog: your daughter, Stanley.
text: He turns around.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: Look... I'd do anything to get
dialog: Holly back. But, if I end up in a
dialog: box or back in jail, then I really
dialog: can't help her, can I? What I
dialog: should do, is take my money and go
text: back to court.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Back to court? Back to Melissa's
dialog: gladiators? You throw a hundred
dialog: grand at her, she'll throw five
dialog: back at you. It's not about
dialog: Holly, it's about beating you.
dialog: You know that. Think, Stanley.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: What I'm thinking about is that
dialog: you're willing to put a gun to my
dialog: head to see if I can hack --
text: Suddenly three club kids come busting into the bathroom.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: 55 CONTINUED: (2) 55
text: Ginger interrupts him by slamming Stan between the
text: urinals and ramming her tongue into his mouth with the
text: kind of wet, aggressive action that takes a movie from
text: PG-13 to an R.
text: When the kids realize that the urinals are occupied, they
text: leave. Slowly Ginger takes her tongue out of Stan's
text: mouth. They look at each other. She smiles at him.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: (coyly)
dialog: Sorry...
text: A beat, for a moment there exists something between them,
dialog: then bam, she's all business again.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: So, let me sum it up for you,
dialog: Stanley. You live in a trailer.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're a felon, working a dead-
dialog: end job. You want to get Holly
dialog: back, Gabriel's your only shot.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STANLEY
text: As he realizes she's right, he's got nothing to lose.
text: Slam! He smacks the mirror with his fist, then walks out
text: of the rest room. Ginger slowly lifts the cigarette.
text: She exhales, then slowly smiles. She's got him.
scene_heading: 56 EXT. PRAGUE VALET - NIGHT 56
text: Next to the valet stand, Gabriel leans over the hood of
text: an evil-looking, bright-yellow Lamborghini Diablo
text: Roadster, a GAMEBOY CHIRPING in his hands.
text: Stanley walks INTO the FRAME. Without missing a beat,
dialog: Gabriel looks up --
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Big Stan. I was afraid we lost
dialog: you.
text: Gabriel stands up and walks toward Stan.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Tell me what the deal is.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: 56 CONTINUED: 56
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Let's go up to the house. I'm
dialog: having a little get-together. I'll
dialog: explain it to you there.
text: Gabriel smiles.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: 57 INT. FBI LAB - NIGHT 57
text: Three GEEKY COMPUTER-TYPES sit in front of a huge array
text: of CRTs. They look up when Roberts stalks into the room.
text: He yanks off his jacket, crumbles it and throws it across
text: the room. They just look at each other.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Tell me you have some good news
dialog: for me.
scene_heading: FBI COMPUTER GEEK #1
dialog: Actually we have a small ray of
dialog: hope in the vast darkness that is
dialog: your life, sir. Check this out.
text: On one of the 25-inch screens we see a terminal at LAX
text: with hundreds of people streaming by at 20x speed.
text: Torvalds is being apprehended. He freezes it.
scene_heading: FBI COMPUTER GEEK #1
dialog: See these two guys?
text: He points at two men watching this action from the
text: sideline. He pulls another monitor forward.
scene_heading: FBI COMPUTER GEEK #1
dialog: Now watch this...
text: He fast-forwards through the crowd until the two guys
text: show up again. He freezes it.
scene_heading: FBI COMPUTER GEEK #1
dialog: Recognize those two, same guys,
dialog: next day. Question is --
text: He slowly moves the action forward --
scene_heading: FBI COMPUTER GEEK #1
dialog: -- who's that?
text: The footage stops and zooms in on one of two travelers
text: who the two men are meeting.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 38A.
speaker_heading: 57 CONTINUED: (A1) 57
dialog: It is Stanley.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Stanley Jobson...
text: The computer guys look at each other. One hands Roberts
text: an open copy of Wired magazine.
scene_heading: FBI COMPUTER GEEK #1
dialog: Wired's man of the year, 1996.
dialog: Pretty much a burnout but he was
dialog: the hacker zeitgeist of his day --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: 57 CONTINUED: 57
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: I know who Jobson is. I busted
dialog: him.
dialog: (to Stan's image)
dialog: Why are you in L.A.?
text: Roberts looks at it. Then at the screen. A pop-up
text: screen shows Stanley's history.
scene_heading: FBI COMPUTER GEEK #1
text: His ex-wife lives in Malibu.
scene_heading: FBI COMPUTER GEEK #2
dialog: The new husband owns Backdoor
dialog: Films, a shady porn production
dialog: house in Chatsworth. Decent
dialog: production value but they only
text: shoot on video. His wife actually
text: starred in a couple of his videos.
dialog: Apparently she's an 'actress.'
text: Roberts moves the mouse to see Ginger.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Who's the chick?
scene_heading: FBI COMPUTER GEEK #1
dialog: We don't know yet, sir.
scene_heading: FBI COMPUTER GEEK #2
dialog: Serious piece of talent.
scene_heading: FBI COMPUTER GEEK #3
dialog: Way outta his league. Something's
dialog: up.
scene_heading: FBI COMPUTER GEEK #2
dialog: You know he also has a ten-year-
dialog: old daughter, who he's not
dialog: supposed to see. Maybe that's why
dialog: he's here.
text: Roberts looks at him like he's an idiot.
scene_heading: FBI COMPUTER GEEK #2
dialog: Or maybe not.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: I want to know who that girl is.
dialog: Pronto.
text: Roberts stands.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: And stake out his daughter.
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: 58 EXT. GABRIEL'S HOUSE - POOL - NIGHT 58
text: The house is at the very top of the hills and the pool
text: hangs off the side of the cliff, way below the house.
text: The outer edge appears nonexistent, like the water hangs
text: frozen in air.
text: A very hip but very nasty soiree is in progress. More
dialog: Ibiza than Hollywood Hills.
text: Stanley sits in a chair beside a pool containing a half-
text: dozen beautiful un-clad model-types.
text: Gabriel is mingling through the crowd.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - STANLEY
text: Stanley stares off into the glittering lights of L.A.
speaker_heading: WIDEN.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: So Stan, tell me. How'd you do
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Do what?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
text: Break the code. At the club.
dialog: You broke the entire encryption, a
dialog: silencer against your eye and your
text: cock in someone's mouth, all in
dialog: less than sixty seconds. How?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I used a logic bomb, dropped it
dialog: through the trap door --
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: No, you didn't. You didn't have
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: C'mon, you can do better than
dialog: that. How'd you do it?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I used a password sniffer.
text: Gabriel glances at Ginger who shakes her head.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Uh uh.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: 58
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Yes, I did --
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: C'mon, Stanley. How'd-you-do-it?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I don't know exactly. I see the
dialog: numbers. In my head. All my
dialog: life. I don't answer equations, I
dialog: just see the answers. Same with
dialog: code. I can't explain ---
text: Ginger eases over to where Stan is sitting. She runs her
text: hands across his shoulders as she moves around him,
text: dancing to the MUSIC.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Mozart always said he didn't write
dialog: music; he just wrote down what he
text: heard in his head. So did
text: Faulkner, just with words.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (drinking wine)
dialog: You definitely have a gift, Stan.
dialog: The most powerful people on the
dialog: planet are like you. With a laptop
dialog: and a phone line you can make God
text: look like a thirteen-year-old
text: with a stack of Playboys and a
dialog: lack of imagination.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: C'mere, Stan, let me show you
dialog: something.
scene_heading: 59 INT. GABRIEL'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 59
text: Stanley and Gabriel stand in Gabriel's primo designed
text: pad, staring at an array of supercomputers.
text: Stanley stands in front of the six huge flat panels,
text: linked together, in complete awe.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Pretty impressive, huh.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So...
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: 59 CONTINUED: 59
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Here's the deal. I need a worm,
dialog: Stanley. A hydra, actually. A
dialog: multi-headed worm to break an
text: encryption and then sniff out
text: latent digital footprints
text: throughout an encrypted network.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: What kind of cypher?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Vernam encryption.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: A Vernam's impossible. Its key
dialog: code is destroyed upon
dialog: implementation. Not to mention
dialog: being a true 128 bit encryption.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Actually, we're talking 512 bit.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: It's impossible.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Tell ya what, I'll pay you ten
dialog: million dollars. That should be
dialog: enough to get your daughter back...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... unless of course it's impossible.
text: Stan thinks about it.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Nothing's impossible.
text: They shake hands and Gabriel heads toward the back of the
dialog: house.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - GABRIEL
text: walking up the stairs toward his room.
text: Stan looks over to see Ginger staring at him.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: What?
text: Ginger pulls herself up on the desk, spreading her legs
text: on either side of the keyboard.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: 59 CONTINUED: (2) 59
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: C'mon, Stan. Let's get to work.
text: She turns on the computers. He backs away.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: It won't bite you, I promise.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I don't know. It's gonna be
dialog: pretty hard without a gun to my
dialog: head.
text: She reaches out and pulls him to her.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Well, let's put a gun to your
dialog: head.
text: She kisses him and slowly he responds. She smiles.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Tell me about your worm, Stanley.
text: They kiss.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: You surprised that a girl with
dialog: real breasts and an I.Q. over 70
dialog: can give you a hard-on?
text: Stan shakes his head.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I thought you were Gabriel's.
text: She looks at him a moment. She smiles at him and slowly
text: bends forward to whisper in his ear.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - GINGER'S MOUTH
text: at Stanley's ear.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: (very slowly)
dialog: I am not what you think I am.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GINGER AND STANLEY
text: As she leans back. She stares at him a moment then
text: slides off the desk.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: 59 CONTINUED: (3) 59
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: You're a smart guy, Stanley. You
dialog: figure me out.
text: She hands him the bottle of expensive wine she's been
text: drinking, and then grabbing Stan by the belt-buckle,
text: pulls him casually behind her toward the pool house.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 60 EXT. POOL - DAY 60
text: Lounging by the pool is none other than our heroine,
text: Ginger, topless, wearing nothing more than tiny, oblong,
text: green-tinted shades, a skimpy T-back, and a little silver
text: ring through her left nipple. She's reading Steven
text: Hawkings' A Brief History of Time. A shadow falls over
dialog: her.
text: The shadow moves. Ginger glances nonchalantly up, then:
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: (sitting up,
dialog: grinning)
dialog: Don't you have that just-fucked-
dialog: the-neighbor's-cat look this
dialog: morning.
text: She reaches over, lights a cigarette, and inhales deeply.
text: He smiles, looking her up and down.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Problem?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Pretty impressive.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: I thought we went over all that
dialog: last night.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (beat, then like
dialog: "stupid")
dialog: The book, Ginger.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Ohhh.
dialog: (holding it out)
dialog: Look, no pictures. Get out of my
dialog: light.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: 60 CONTINUED: 60
text: They stare at each sharing a moment of God-only-knows-
text: what, then both break into smiles like two giddy seventh-
text: graders at the local skating rink.
text: Stanley nervously clears his throat. She's got him.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Can I borrow your car? There's
dialog: something I need to do.
text: She reaches down beside the chair, grabs her keys and
text: tosses them to him. Then:
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: If you're going to see your
dialog: daughter, you might want to
dialog: reevaluate the way you look.
dialog: (goes back to
dialog: her book)
dialog: Just a thought.
text: He looks at her with open mouth amazement. In just 24
text: hours, she already knows what makes him tick.
text: She looks up from her book and winks at him, then returns
text: to her reading.
scene_heading: 61 EXT. NEWTON MONTESSORI SCHOOL - DAY 61
text: A SCHOOL BELL RINGS and three hundred screaming kids of
text: all ages come running from the doors.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON HOLLY
dialog: Not your average ten-year-old. Even decked out in bell-
text: bottoms and sandals there is something about the way she
text: carries herself that is older; wiser; sadder.
text: She walks into a CLOSEUP and scans the driveway.
text: Reflected in her tiny, round lavender shades we see the
text: circular driveway of the school jam-packed with buses and
text: parental types in their M-series Mercedes and their Lexus
text: SUVs. She sighs. We CRANE UP, PANNING LEFT.
text: Holly walks to the edge of the street oblivious to the
text: mayhem. She looks up and down the street then slowly
text: drops her backpack and sits down on the curb. She pulls
text: a well-worn copy of William Gibson's Neuromancer from her
text: backpack, and turns up the raging ELECTRONICA from her
speaker_heading: WALKMAN.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: 62 SAME SCENE - LATER 62
dialog: Now there is much less pandemonium. No more buses. We
text: CRANE DOWN TO a MEDIUM of Holly still in the exact same
text: spot. Holly sighs, pulls back her headphones and grabs
text: her StarTac from her backpack. She opens the phone and
text: dials.
scene_heading: 63 INT. MALIBU HOUSE - DAY 63
text: The PHONE RINGS and we PAN AROUND the seemingly empty
text: house, finally COMING TO REST ON the back of the couch.
text: We JIB UP and TILT DOWN. Melissa is passed out in a pool
text: of her own drool. The PHONE continues to RING.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: 64 EXT. NEWTON MONTESSORI SCHOOL - DAY 64
text: Holly hits the phone and then presses speed dial. We see
text: "Yellow Cab" scroll across the phone. She hits "SEND."
speaker_heading: MAN (O.S.)
dialog: Can I give you a lift?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Look, creep, I don't think so --
text: She stands up, ready for a fight. And there, next to her
text: is her father; transformed. Under his arm is a three-
text: foot-tall stuffed giraffe wrapped with a big red bow.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Daddy?
dialog: (recognition)
dialog: Daddy!
text: She runs to him and wraps her arms around him.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Hey, sweetheart.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Daddy... What are you doing here?
dialog: I missed you so much.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Me too, baby. I brought you
dialog: something.
text: He holds the stuffed giraffe to her.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Oh, Daddy. If Mom finds out
dialog: you're here she's gonna have you
text: thrown back in jail.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: It's okay, baby. Let me give you
text: a ride home.
text: He grabs her stuff.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: C'mon.
text: He walks toward Ginger's silver Mercedes CLK which he's
text: borrowing. Holly runs and jumps on his back. They laugh
text: as he carries her to the car.
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: 65 EXT. MALIBU HOUSE - DAY 65
text: They sit in the CLK, parked down the street from Holly's
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: You believe in me, right?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Of course, but --
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I've found a way to get you back,
dialog: sweetheart. It's my one shot and
dialog: I'm taking it. Just give me a
dialog: couple of days.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (crying)
dialog: I don't want anything else to
dialog: happen to you, Dad.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Holly, everything's going to be
dialog: okay. You just have to trust me.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (crying)
dialog: I love you, Daddy.
text: Holly quickly kisses him, jumps out and runs, crying,
text: from the car at full speed, with the giraffe.
text: Stanley, tears rolling down his face, slaps the steering
text: wheel, trying to figure out how he screwed up his life so
dialog: badly.
text: Suddenly, the passenger door opens and a man in a DARK
text: BLUE SUIT and fed-issued shades gets in.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Who the fuck are you?
speaker_heading: DARK SUIT #1
dialog: (flipping out
dialog: his badge)
dialog: Friend of a friend. Let's take a
dialog: ride.
text: He motions toward a black Taurus, now parked across the
text: street. In the back, he sees a face he recognizes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: 65 CONTINUED: 65
scene_heading: CLOSEUP ON ROBERTS
speaker_heading: BACK TO STAN
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Shit...
text: The man kinda smiles at Stan.
speaker_heading: DARK SUIT #1
dialog: (being a dick)
dialog: Gotta suck to be you.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Yep.
text: Stanley whacks the fed with his elbow across the bridge
text: of his nose and jumps out of the car.
scene_heading: INT. TAURUS
text: Stan runs across the hood of the Taurus and just jumps
text: over the railing.
scene_heading: 66 EXT. SHEER CLIFF - DAY 66
dialog: We realize what Stan did probably wasn't the smartest
text: move in the world. The cliff is just barely on this side
text: of 90 degrees and drops off about five hundred yards
text: straight down to the PCH.
text: Stan falls in SLOW MOTION about thirty feet before the
text: cliff face angles out enough to break his fall. He begins
text: a combination of sliding and tumbling down the bluff.
scene_heading: 67 EXT. MALIBU HOUSE (STREET) - DAY 67
text: Roberts runs to the railing and sees Stanley sliding/
text: falling down the hill.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: 67 CONTINUED: 67
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: (to his men)
text: Cut him off at the bottom.
text: Roberts then hops the railing, as his men scramble for
dialog: the car.
scene_heading: 68 EXT. SHEER CLIFF - DAY 68
text: Roberts hangs in mid-air a moment, then he too begins the
text: rolling fall down the hill.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STANLEY
text: as he tries to keep his balance, is being beaten and
text: battered by the sharp, rocky ground.
text: Finally, he shoots off an outcropping and free-falls for
text: fifteen feet. Then it really gets bad.
text: Clear plastic sheeting has been stretched across the hill
dialog: to help control the erosion. To Stanley however, it is
text: the world's largest Slip and Slide.
text: He is no longer able to control, even badly, his descent.
text: Now, he is flying down the cliff face, only the rocks and
text: bushes that slam into his body, slows the descent.
text: Roberts, above him, is doing little better.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT ON CLIFF FACE
text: As Stan and Roberts slide toward the eight lanes of
text: blazing afternoon traffic on the PCH.
text: Finally, Stan bounces onto the black-top road. He runs
text: headlong into the traffic.
text: CARS SCREECH, HORNS BLARING, as they slide into each
text: other. Stanley does not lose the single-minded focus of
text: escaping.
text: Roberts, now at the bottom himself, watches as a CAR
text: SLIDES sideways into Stan, flipping him over it. Stan,
text: not stopping to feel the pain, runs across the hood of a
text: freshly-stopped car.
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: 69 EXT. BEACH - DAY 69
text: On the other side, Stan runs down to the beach and runs
text: down the sand at full-tilt, looking for any escape route.
text: Roberts has made up some time due to the auto-pedestrian
text: accident which slowed him down a little. Stan however is
dialog: faster.
text: Stan does his best Jerry Rice, as he runs down the beach
text: at full speed.
text: Suddenly, the Taurus comes tearing-ass across the beach
text: at Stanley. Stan veers, now running through the surf.
text: The Taurus veers as well, and Stan is forced to slide
text: across the hood to keep from getting whacked. The Taurus
text: breaks left, and slides further into the surf.
text: The FBI driver hits the accelerator and bogs the Taurus
text: down, tires spinning, throwing sand. Stan continues to
text: run as Roberts makes it to the Taurus.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Fuck this.
text: He pulls his .40 CAL. from his shoulder holster and FIRES
text: it into the air. Roberts bends over trying to catch his
dialog: breath.
text: Stanley stops, putting his hands up.
speaker_heading: DARK SUIT #2
dialog: Why didn't you do that earlier,
dialog: sir?
text: Roberts looks at the agent.
speaker_heading: DARK SUIT #2
dialog: Sorry, sir.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Go get him.
text: Three of the agents bring Stanley over.
text: Stan slides down by the back wheel.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: What are you doing in L.A., Stan?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (catching his
dialog: breath)
dialog: Vacationing...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: 69 CONTINUED: 69
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Why were you running? We just
dialog: wanted to talk.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Are you arresting me?
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: For violating your parole by
dialog: leaving Texas without permission
dialog: or for evading a federal agent and
dialog: almost getting me killed in the
dialog: process?
text: Stan just looks at him.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: No, I'm not.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Then why are we talking?
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Didn't know the court lifted the
dialog: sanction preventing you from
dialog: seeing your daughter.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: You just want to cut through the
dialog: pleasantries and get down to
dialog: business? Fine. I can help you
dialog: with your daughter, Stan. Help
dialog: me, I'll help you.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: You'll have to forgive me, the
dialog: fact that you put me in jail for
dialog: 18 months doesn't inspire a lot of
dialog: trust.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Whether I agreed with what you did
dialog: or not, you broke the law,
dialog: Stanley.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I guess we were both doing what we
dialog: had to. This was a nice trip down
dialog: memory lane, but if you're not
dialog: arresting me...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: 69 CONTINUED: (2) 69
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: So, why was it you are in L.A.
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I told you --
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: -- vacationing. That's right. Ya
dialog: know it's funny. Axl Torvalds was
dialog: just here for a vacation, too.
dialog: Isn't it odd that the two best
dialog: hackers in the world are here at
dialog: the same time.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I'm a sucker for Disneyland.
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Tell Torvalds I said hello.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: If you're not careful you can tell
dialog: him yourself. He's dead.
text: Stanley looks at Roberts.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: Give him a card.
text: They do. Stan looks at it.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: In case you think of anything else
dialog: you want to tell me.
text: Stan turns to walk off.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (to the agent
dialog: he elbowed)
dialog: Sorry about your nose.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Hey, Stan.
text: Stan turns.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: You know, you're in way over your
dialog: head here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: 69 CONTINUED: (3) 69
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (walking off)
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
text: It's a long walk back up the hill,
dialog: Stanley. You want us to give you
dialog: a lift?
text: Stan lifts his middle finger behind him and begins the
text: long journey back up the hill. Roberts collapses into
text: the passenger seat.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Follow him.
speaker_heading: RANDOM AGENT
dialog: Yessir.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP ON ROBERTS
text: watching Stan walk away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 70 INT. GABRIEL'S HOUSE - GINGER'S ROOM - DAY 70
text: Ginger walks in and closes the door. She walks over to
text: the dresser and takes off her earrings. Then she reaches
text: under her dress and unVelcros the modified 10mm. Glock
text: and its thigh holster, dropping it on the dresser. She
text: then pulls off the hip, little designer dress she is
text: wearing, revealing the fact that she is wearing a tiny
text: transmitting receiver taped between her breasts.
text: She stares at herself in the mirror for a moment, then
text: slowly starts to untape the bug.
speaker_heading: STANLEY (O.S.)
dialog: I have to hand it to you, Ginger.
dialog: You look good wearing anything.
text: Even a wire.
text: Ginger grabs her Glock and spins around, the holster
text: dropping away with the touch of a button.
text: She levels it on the dark corner of the room where
text: Stanley sits waiting, drinking a bottle of Gabriel's
dialog: expensive wine.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: You gonna kill me?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: 70 CONTINUED: 70
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: I'm thinking.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What are you doing here, Stanley?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I should probably ask you the same
dialog: question.
text: He leans forward into the light.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Little accident.
dialog: (tossing her
dialog: her keys)
dialog: Sorry about your car. I've had a
dialog: pretty shitty day so far. Looks
dialog: like it just got worse.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Who are you, Ginger?
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: I can't tell you.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: You can't tell me? Well, that's
dialog: just fuckin' peachy.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Think, Stanley.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: He'll kill me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Gabriel walking down hallway.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: 70 CONTINUED: (2) 70
scene_heading: INT. GABRIEL HOUSE - GINGER'S ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: That's not my problem, is it?
dialog: You're asking for a lot of faith
dialog: here, Ging, without givin' me any.
dialog: You --
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: -- Stanley --
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: -- brought me into this mess --
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: (pleadingly)
dialog: -- Stanley --
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: -- I deserve to know who's playing
dialog: me, Ginger.
dialog: (hitting each word)
dialog: Who the fuck are you?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - ANGLE ON GABRIEL
text: nearing Ginger's room.
scene_heading: INT. GABRIEL'S HOUSE - GINGER'S ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I'm D.E.A., Stanley.
text: Stan and Ginger hold a moment, as:
speaker_heading: GABRIEL (O.S.)
dialog: Ginger...?
text: Stanley, in one quick thinking movement, rips the wire
text: from Ginger's chest and flings it behind the bed just as
text: the door swings open. Gabriel stands staring at them.
text: Ginger topless, weapon in hand and Stanley who looks like
dialog: he had the shit kicked out of him.
text: Ginger and Stanley both stare at him.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Well, Ging, doesn't this look
dialog: friendly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56A.
speaker_heading: 70 CONTINUED: (2A) 70
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: I'm a friendly girl.
text: Stanley looks at Ginger for a beat.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Actually...
text: Ginger stares at Stanley, who turns to look at Gabriel.
text: Gabriel looks at Stan, waiting.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Thought maybe you'd like to see me
dialog: get you your hydra.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Get?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: 70 CONTINUED: (3) 70
text: Stan walks toward Gabriel.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: C'mon.
text: Gabriel walks into the hall. Stanley looks back at
text: Ginger who mouths the words "Thank you." Stanley ignores
text: her. Ginger reaches down and grabs a shirt off the bed.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL (O.S.)
dialog: You look like shit. Ginger kick
dialog: your ass?
speaker_heading: STANLEY (O.S.)
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: Funny.
text: Ginger sighs and tosses her gun onto the bed, then
text: follows them.
scene_heading: 71 INT. GABRIEL'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 71
text: Stanley, looking a little rough, sits in front of the
text: huge array of flat-panels. He works quickly. The
text: nitrogen system, an array of hoses winding across the
text: living room floor, intermittently SHOOTS JETS of GAS
text: upwards, dropping the temperature to a livable 85
text: degrees. Gabriel sits next to Stan.
text: Ginger walks in. She stands behind Stan as he works.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Miss me?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
text: Terribly.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
text: The screen shows the MIT University logo. Then "ACCESS
text: DENIED." His fingers work the keyboard.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 72 INT. MIT BASEMENT - NIGHT 72
text: As he talks, we TRACK DOWN an old, concrete stairwell and
text: down a long, dank hallway.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: 72 CONTINUED: 72
speaker_heading: STANLEY (V.O.)
dialog: My senior year at M.I.T., I
dialog: created the source code for the
dialog: worm that I've been using for
dialog: years.
text: We TRACK AROUND a corner.
speaker_heading: STANLEY (V.O.)
text: In the basement and through a file
text: room is the only P.D.P.-10 still
dialog: active and on the internet,
dialog: although only a few people know
text: this. It's an I.T.S. machine and
dialog: kept online just for historical
dialog: sake. I hid my worm inside it
dialog: where no one would ever think to
dialog: look.
text: We DOLLY INTO a CLOSEUP ON a large, ominous, dark
text: mainframe.
scene_heading: 73 CLOSEUP ON STANLEY'S FINGER 73
text: hitting a key.
scene_heading: 74 ANGLE ON PDP-10 74
text: as it HUMS TO LIFE.
scene_heading: 75 CLOSEUP ON COMPUTER SCREEN 75
text: as it fills with lines of code.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON STAN
text: who turns around, a cocky grin on his face, like a proud
text: parent, she smiles at him.
text: Gabriel walks in.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Now I just have to modify the
dialog: code.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: He's fucking amazing.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Yes he is.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED: 75
text: She runs her hand affectionately across the side of his
text: head and walks out.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I see you have a groupie.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (ignoring that)
dialog: You know, it'd be a lot simpler if
dialog: you would tell me exactly what the
dialog: hydra is going to be used for?
text: PUSH IN ON Gabriel as he thinks about it.
scene_heading: 76 INT. LAMBORGHINI - MOVING - DAY 76
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Have you heard of Operation
dialog: Swordfish?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Nope.
scene_heading: 77 EXT. STARBUCKS - DAY 77
text: The Lamborghini pulls up in front of a Starbucks.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: You'll appreciate the irony
dialog: here --
text: Gabriel gets out of the car, still talking. Stanley
text: follows.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: -- In the early Eighties the
text: D.E.A. set up a network of dummy
dialog: corporations as a government front
dialog: to launder drug money and gather
dialog: evidence. Problem is, the front
dialog: companies started making money.
dialog: Lots of money. By 1986, when
dialog: Operation Swordfish was
dialog: terminated, there was close to 400
dialog: million dollars in the D.E.A.'s
dialog: accounts.
scene_heading: 78 INT. STARBUCKS - DAY 78
text: Gabriel and Stanley walk through the door and sit down at
text: a window table.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: 78 CONTINUED: 78
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Money that just sorta disappeared.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
text: It didn't disappear. It just sat
dialog: in those accounts earning interest,
dialog: it's been 15 years. You have any
dialog: concept how much money we'd be
dialog: actually talking about today?
dialog: Billions, brother. That's nine
dialog: zeros.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Look, this is a sweet deal. We
dialog: go in over phone lines. Pop the
text: firewall, drop in the hydra, and
dialog: just sit back and wait for the
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Before we can tap into the secure
dialog: cluster, you have to find one of
dialog: the banks on the backbone of this
dialog: network. Do you know how many
dialog: banks there are in the U.S.? It
dialog: could take years.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: No problem.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Look behind you, Stan.
text: Stanley turns and looks out the window. They are sitting
text: directly across from the World Banc.
scene_heading: 79 EXT. GABRIEL'S HOUSE - LONG SHOT 79
text: Gabriel and Stanley walk toward the house. The CAMERA
text: PANS LEFT and we can now see Gabriel's house, poolside.
text: We PULL BACK, THROUGH a window INTO:
scene_heading: 80 INT. TRAILER - DAY 80
text: A small trailer across the canyon from Gabriel's house.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Who is he?
scene_heading: FBI COMPUTER GEEK #1
dialog: We don't know that yet, sir.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: 80 CONTINUED: 80
scene_heading: FBI COMPUTER GEEK #2
dialog: There's definitely something going
text: on. There are two T-5 trunks
dialog: going into the house. That's
dialog: serious bandwidth. Thermal scopes
dialog: indicate a huge heat-load in the
dialog: main living area. Could be from
text: mainframes, although they must
dialog: have a genny 'cause power
dialog: consumption is right on par.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #1
dialog: Some of these fellows might be
text: dressed in Armani, but they
dialog: definitely have the swagger of ex-
dialog: military. Maybe bodyguards but
dialog: they seem more like mercs to me.
scene_heading: FBI COMPUTER GEEK #1
dialog: From here we're having trouble
dialog: pinning any of them down. Sure
dialog: would be nice to task a satellite,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: I'm working on it. Send what you
dialog: have up-lines, maybe we'll have
dialog: one by the end of the week.
text: Roberts walks out of the trailer.
scene_heading: 80A INT. GABRIEL'S HOUSE - DAY 80A
text: Stanley works at the computer.
scene_heading: 80B INT. TRAILER - DAY 80B
text: Roberts looks out the window through a camera with a huge
dialog: lens.
speaker_heading: 80C LONG LENS POV 80C
text: Gabriel stands by the pool, his BACK TOWARD US. Slowly,
text: Gabriel turns around. He is staring directly AT US.
scene_heading: 80D INT. TRAILER - DAY 80D
text: Roberts instinctively jerks his head up. Slowly he looks
text: back into the eyepiece.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: 80D CONTINUED: 80D
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Who the hell is that?
text: He presses the switch and the CAMERA'S SHUTTER WHIRLS.
scene_heading: 81 INT. SENATOR REISMAN'S HOUSE (WASHINGTON D.C.) - DAY 81
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: Senator.
speaker_heading: SENATOR REISMAN
dialog: Close the door.
dialog: He does.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: We have a problem.
dialog: (walking toward desk)
dialog: Look at these.
text: Kaplan spreads out the surveillance photos on the desk.
text: The Senator looks up at Kaplan.
speaker_heading: 82 OMITTED 82
scene_heading: 83 INT. REISMAN'S HOUSE - DAY 83
text: Reisman, who now stands in a windowless room. The only
text: furniture is a desk on which rests a small laptop and
text: what appears to be a speaker. An OPERATOR sits at the
text: desk, while Kaplan hovers in the b.g.
speaker_heading: REISMAN
dialog: We have him yet?
speaker_heading: COMMUNICATION (OPERATOR)
dialog: He's coming online now, sir.
dialog: Ready.
text: As Reisman speaks the Communication guy types.
speaker_heading: REISMAN
dialog: We have a problem --
scene_heading: 84 INT. GABRIEL'S HOUSE - DAY 84
text: Gabriel and Marco sit at the same type of apparatus, a
text: merc at the laptop. Reisman's dialogue comes out of the
text: SPEAKER, but it is no longer Reisman, it is a
scene_heading: COMPUTERIZED VOICE.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: 84 CONTINUED: 84
speaker_heading: REISMAN (V.O.)
dialog: -- Seems you have gotten yourself
text: in a predicament.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I'm not exactly following you.
scene_heading: 85 INT. REISMAN'S HOUSE - DAY 85
speaker_heading: REISMAN
dialog: Transfer the pictures.
scene_heading: 86 INT. GABRIEL'S HOUSE - DAY 86
text: Gabriel looks at the surveillance photos as they come up.
text: We INTERCUT as they speak.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (irritated but
dialog: respectful)
dialog: Senator, I sincerely hope you did
dialog: not contact me and jeopardize the
dialog: safety of me and my men for this.
speaker_heading: REISMAN
dialog: Goddamn right I did. You know
dialog: where I got that? From the deputy
dialog: director of the F.B.I. He thought
dialog: I might be interested.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Sir, with all due respect. Do you
dialog: think there is any aspect of this
dialog: operation I am not fully aware of?
speaker_heading: REISMAN
dialog: We are aborting the operation and
dialog: securing alternative means of
dialog: finance elsewhere.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: REISMAN
dialog: We are aborting this operation.
dialog: Take a vacation.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: A vacation? Have I ever failed
dialog: you, sir?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: 86 CONTINUED: 86
speaker_heading: REISMAN
dialog: That's not the point.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: It's my point. Senator, this
dialog: operation is going forward.
speaker_heading: REISMAN
dialog: You understand what you are
dialog: saying?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
text: Everything is under control.
text: He disconnects.
scene_heading: 87 INT. REISMAN'S HOUSE - DAY 87
text: Reisman turns to Kaplan.
speaker_heading: REISMAN
dialog: (regretful)
dialog: Do it. Terminate the Vortex.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: Yessir.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sir, he does work for us.
speaker_heading: REISMAN
dialog: Excuse us.
dialog: (as the Communication
dialog: guy leaves)
dialog: Son, let's say you have a 200-
dialog: pound Rottweiler. He loves you,
dialog: and it's his job to protect you.
dialog: But if he ever bites you, even
dialog: once, you gotta put him down. You
dialog: can't have an uncontrollable
dialog: weapon running unchecked in your
text: back yard. He becomes a
dialog: liability. You never know who he
dialog: might bite next.
speaker_heading: KAPLAN
dialog: Yessir, I understand.
scene_heading: 88 INT. GABRIEL'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 88
text: Stanley works at the keyboard. He reaches for his glass
text: of wine and it is empty. He grabs the bottle. It, too,
text: has been drained. He sighs and walks into the kitchen.
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: 89 INT. GABRIEL'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT 89
text: Stan walks to the fridge. Opens the door. No wine. He
text: sighs. He closes the door and walks off toward the wine
dialog: cellar.
scene_heading: 90 INT. GABRIEL'S HOUSE - WINE CELLAR - NIGHT 90
text: In the wine cellar, Stan looks around. He opens one
text: door, closes it. He opens another, same thing. The
text: third, he pulls out a bottle. Keeps it. He pulls on
text: another door and it is locked. He pulls again. Nothing.
text: The glass doors of the temperature-controlled reach-in
text: wine cooler is opaque with condensation. He bends close.
text: Stanley swipes off the condensation inches from his nose.
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSEUP - ON FACE
text: leaning against the glass from the other side. It's
dialog: Gabriel's.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STANLEY
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Fuck!!
text: He drops the BOTTLE of wine. CRASH, it SHATTERS.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Gabriel's body is wedged into the 32-degree white wine
dialog: cooler.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Jesus Christ!
text: Stanley looks at the body for a moment, realizes
text: something really bad is going on and hauls ass upstairs.
scene_heading: 91 INT. GABRIEL'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 91
text: Stanley runs around the corner.
text: Gabriel is standing in the doorway, directly in front of
text: Stanley. Stan damn near falls down.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Stan?
text: Stan can't say a word.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: 91 CONTINUED: 91
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: What's wrong, Stanley, you look
dialog: like you've seen a ghost?
text: Gabriel looks in and sees the empty wine bottle at the
dialog: computer station.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: C'mon, Stanley. Let's talk.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (uneasy)
dialog: Okay...
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Why can't we talk here?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: 'Cause I don't want to talk to you
text: in the house, Stanley.
text: Gabriel walks out. Stanley slowly follows.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Let's go.
text: Stan slowly follows.
scene_heading: 92 INT. LAMBORGHINI - MOVING - NIGHT 92
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: How you doing, Stanley?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (obviously not fine)
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Something you need to say to me?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (freaked)
dialog: What the hell is going on here?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (totally cool)
dialog: You know anything about Harry
dialog: Houdini?
text: Stan definitely doesn't get the point.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: 92 CONTINUED: 92
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: He used to make an elephant
text: disappear in a theater full of
dialog: people. You know how he did it?
text: Gabriel unwraps a piece of gum --
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: How?
text: -- and sticks the piece in his mouth.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Misdirection.
text: Gabriel whips right down a side street and drops the
text: hammer. He blows through a stop sign, then another.
text: CARS CRASH. He is calm, cool, but continues to glance in
text: his rearview mirror.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: We have a tail.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hope you had a light lunch, Stan.
text: Gabriel slides left into an alley, gets it under control
text: and SCREAMS toward the other side. A black Suburban
text: pulls up, closing off the alley. He slides to a stop and
text: slams it into reverse. Backwards at 60-plus miles per
dialog: hour.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
text: Hold the wheel.
text: Gabriel reaches in the passenger floorboard and pulls up
text: a duffel bag. He unzips it, and withdraws what the
text: Marines call a SAW -- a Belgian-designed machine gun,
dialog: compact but with 1500 rounds of Swiss cheese action per
text: minute, powerful enough for the U.S. to replace the M-60.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Shit, it's blocked.
text: Gabriel looks behind them, another black Suburban has
text: blocked them in. The one from the other side and a third
text: comes toward them down the alley.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Keep it straight.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: 92 CONTINUED: (2) 92
text: The speedometer needle is pegged at 0 as they SCREAM
dialog: backwards.
text: Gabriel unfolds the stock and then withdraws a 100-round
text: box wrapped in white tape and printed with AP. He clips
text: it and pulls back the bolt. He grabs the wheel from
dialog: Stan.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: It's just rough when you grow up
dialog: lovin' James Bond movies. Don't
dialog: worry, Stanley, it'll be over soon.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON LAMBO
text: As the Diablo slams backwards into the Suburban at sixty
dialog: mph. Bam.
text: Gabriel unbuckles himself and stands up through the open
text: roof and UNLOADS FULL-AUTO into the Suburban. The armor-
text: piercing SHELLS PENETRATE the Armalite GLASS, RIPPING the
text: occupants to shreds.
text: Gabriel turns, FIRING at the other Suburban.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Drive, drive!
text: Stanley slides under Gabriel as Gabriel steps into the
text: passenger side. The wheels spin, the Lambo is wedged
text: under the Suburban.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Go, go!
text: Gabriel continues to BLAST FULL-AUTO, tearing the
text: Suburban to shrapnel.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I am!
text: Finally the mortally wounded but still kicking
text: Lamborghini tears free of the Suburban and rockets head- on
text: toward the other. Stanley drives like a maniac.
text: Gabriel RIPS it on FULL-AUTO, meatloafing the driver.
text: The Suburban veers into the wall. Smack.
text: Stanley whips beside it and Gabriel STRAFES down the
text: side, opening it up. Stan whips right onto a main
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: 92 CONTINUED: (3) 92
text: More Suburbans head at them. Stan SCREAMS left into
text: another alley. Through the cross streets whipping by at
text: 100 mph, we see Suburbans parallel to them.
text: Stan cranks his wheel right.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Shit!
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (changing out a clip)
dialog: Keep your cool, Stanley.
text: The Lambo rolls to a stop and Gabriel hops out, running
text: at the Suburbans.
text: After a moment of all-out GI Joe-style blitzkrieg, it's
dialog: over.
text: Gabriel walks to a body lying in the street. He turns
text: over the body and looks at the face.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Goddamit. I knew it.
text: Gabriel walks back to one of the burning Suburbans where
text: Stanley stands.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Get in the fucking car, Stanley.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I'm not going anywhere until you
dialog: tell me what's going on.
text: Gabriel pulls out his H&amp;K, points it at Stanley.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: You're on my good side and you
dialog: want to stay there. Stanley, I
dialog: like you, but don't confuse
dialog: kindness with weakness. So, get
dialog: in the fuckin' car. I need my
dialog: hydra.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: 93 OMITTED 93
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: 94 INT. GABRIEL'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 94
text: Stanley is working at his terminal.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Stanley? You alright?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: What do you think? I just watched
dialog: that maniac murder ten men in the
dialog: street. I'm just fucking great.
dialog: It doesn't matter if I get my
dialog: daughter back if I'm dead. Even
dialog: if I do survive this, who's gonna
dialog: keep me out of jail? You?
text: She walks over to him and kneels down, places her hand on
text: his leg, looks up at him.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: I won't let anything happen to
dialog: you, Stanley. You have to trust
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Trust you? Two hours ago I
dialog: found out you're D.E.A. The
dialog: feds are crawling up my ass and
dialog: there's a dead body in the
text: basement that looks just like
dialog: Gabriel.
text: She doesn't move.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Stanley, if we don't find out who
dialog: he's working for then we're just
dialog: going to have to do this all over
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Your little slush fund is not my
dialog: problem. I'm pulling the plug on
dialog: this rodeo. Roberts may be an
dialog: asshole, but he is definitely the
dialog: lesser of the two evils.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: I've been working on this thing
dialog: for eight months, and I will not
dialog: let some jarhead fed fuck up my
dialog: operation. Please, I know what
dialog: I'm doing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: 94 CONTINUED: 94
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: C'mon, Stanley. You have twelve
dialog: hours. Do what he wants. Finish
dialog: the worm.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: You're starting to sound just like
dialog: him.
text: They look at each other. Stanley turns toward the
text: computer screens.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: 95 OMITTED 95
dialog: &amp; &amp;
dialog: 96 96
scene_heading: 97 CLOSEUP - FLY-FISHING REEL 97
text: as it quickly unwinds.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - MORNING
dialog: Reisman, dressed in your average, fly-fishing garb,
text: stands in the shallow water of a wide river, thinking he
dialog: has contained the situation, is doing what he enjoys
text: most. He rewinds the reel and flicks it out again; the
text: hook sails into the distance.
text: A huge Cohiba cigar hangs from his satisfied grin.
text: Faintly, we hear the WHINE OF MACHINERY. Jim hears it,
text: too, odd since we are so far in the boonies. He looks
text: around, then up and we PUSH IN TO a CLOSEUP.
speaker_heading: REISMAN'S POV
text: An evil-looking, camouflaged gunship suddenly crests the
text: hill directly above him, ROTORS THUMPING.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Reisman ducking, his cigar falling from his mouth, has to
text: fight to hold on to his ridiculous fishing hat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: 97 CONTINUED: 97
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM ABOVE HELICOPTER
text: Water sprays everywhere as it hovers.
text: Slowly it drifts over to the bank and lowers where it
text: touches down briefly, the side door slides open.
speaker_heading: ANGLE (SLOW MOTION)
text: as Gabriel steps out and walks TOWARD us. The copter
text: lifts off behind him.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Reisman drops his rod and digs into the fishing box at
text: his right. Gabriel saunters toward him as the helicopter
text: disappears over the rise. Reisman is not happy.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (sniffing in air)
dialog: Ahh, the great American outdoors.
dialog: I'll never understand the appeal
dialog: of fly-fishing, Jim. A little too
dialog: much like masturbation for me,
dialog: without the payoff.
text: Gabriel looks around, suddenly realizing something.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: This's a catch-and-release stream,
dialog: isn't it?
speaker_heading: REISMAN
dialog: That's right.
text: Gabriel starts to laugh. Reisman doesn't catch the joke.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Oh c'mon, Jim. You gotta see the
dialog: irony in the chairman of the
dialog: Joint Sub-Committee on Crime,
dialog: fishing in a catch-and-release
dialog: stream.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - REISMAN
text: Grimaces, not thinking it is funny.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: 97 CONTINUED: (2) 97
speaker_heading: WIDER
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: How could you do it, Jim? After
dialog: all we have sacrificed. All the
dialog: blood, all the death... I've
dialog: changed my identity so many times,
dialog: I don't even know what I look like
dialog: anymore. How could you turn on
dialog: me when we are so close?
speaker_heading: REISMAN
dialog: You did this to yourself.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: You brought me in to get the job
dialog: done and you didn't want to know
dialog: about the consequences.
speaker_heading: REISMAN
dialog: The F.B.I. was watching you --
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I told you there was nothing that
dialog: I was unaware of --
speaker_heading: REISMAN
dialog: That's why we're here. You are
dialog: too arrogant, too aggressive --
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: You have misplaced your loyalties,
dialog: Senator. You have sold America out.
dialog: I am a patriot, and patriotism does
dialog: not have a four-year shelf life.
dialog: Unfortunately, politicians do.
text: Gabriel pulls out his H&amp;K, dangling it by his side.
speaker_heading: REISMAN
dialog: (arrogantly)
dialog: And what are you going to do
dialog: with that?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Thomas Jefferson once shot a man
text: on the White House lawn for
dialog: treason, Senator. You tried to
dialog: execute me in the name of politics,
dialog: now I execute you in the name of
dialog: the people.
text: Gabriel shoots Reisman in the chest. He falls into the
dialog: water.
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: 98 INT. GABRIEL'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - MORNING 98
text: Stanley continues to work. Marco walks in.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: You're up, mate.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Get your shit, we're headin' out.
text: His hands fly across the computer keys, he slides in a
text: zip disk, transfers the file, and runs for the door.
scene_heading: 99 EXT. GABRIEL'S HOUSE - MORNING 99
text: Outside, Marco waits in his black Porsche Turbo ready to
text: roll. Stanley walks out of the house.
speaker_heading: 100 OMITTED 100
dialog: thru thru
speaker_heading: 103A 103A
scene_heading: 103B INT. PARKING GARAGE (WASHINGTON, D.C.) - NIGHT 103B
text: A snazzy, sweat-suited Kaplan walks out to his shiny new
text: silver Porsche, racquet ball racquet flipping in hand.
text: He's so downright happy in his confidence that he is on
dialog: the fast track to political Valhalla, due to his handling
text: of this Gabriel Shear debacle, he is whistling.
text: He CLICKS the Porsche key, unlocking the driver's door,
text: tosses in his racquet and climbs in.
scene_heading: 103C INT. KAPLAN'S PORSCHE - NIGHT 103C
text: He shuts the door and slides the key into the ignition.
text: Before he cranks it, he catches himself in the rearview
text: and winks at himself.
text: Smiling, he turns the key.
speaker_heading: BOOM.
text: The Claymore Mine hidden under his seat RIPS the CAR
text: apart, shrapnel tearing upward through his body and out
dialog: the roof.
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: 103D INT. PARKING GARAGE (WASHINGTON, D.C.) - NIGHT 103D
text: The thousand pieces of SHRAPNEL divet the concrete ceiling
text: and then bounce across the parking garage floor.
scene_heading: 104 EXT. DOWNTOWN THEATER - MORNING 104
text: Stanley is getting out of Marco's car. Gabriel walks out
text: of the theater back door.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (over shoulder)
dialog: Make sure that bus doesn't top out
text: over fifteen-seven.
speaker_heading: MERC (O.S.)
dialog: Yessir.
text: Gabriel turns and sees Stanley.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Stan, how are you?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Have you finished?
text: Stan pulls out the zip disk and hands it to Gabriel who
text: dials his cell phone.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: What?
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Hello, Mr. Jobson. This is
dialog: Kristine Jorgenson of Credit
dialog: Suisse in Grand Cayman.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: 104 CONTINUED: 104
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I need to verify your new account
dialog: information and have you choose a
dialog: personal password.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Mr. Jobson, there has just been a
dialog: transfer of ten million U.S.
dialog: dollars into your account.
text: Stan looks at Gabriel who smiles.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Just like I promised, Stanley.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Then let me go. I want to see my
dialog: daughter.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Soon, Stanley. Walk with me.
scene_heading: 105 EXT. ALLEY - MORNING 105
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I'm about to do something against
dialog: my better judgement. I'm going
dialog: to tell you something I never tell
dialog: anyone. I'm going to tell you
dialog: who I am.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Don't bother. I know who you are.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Do you? You think I'm a bank
dialog: robber. Really, I'm just like you.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Like me? You're a murderer.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: That I am. And worse. Much worse.
dialog: I am forced to operate on a
dialog: different plane than you. But, I
dialog: have ethics. Rules to which I
dialog: must adhere.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: 105 CONTINUED: 105
speaker_heading: GABRIEL (CONT'D)
dialog: 200 years ago Thomas Jefferson
dialog: wrote a letter to Madison because
dialog: he was concerned that the freedoms
dialog: of the constitution would be
dialog: ignored.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I don't understand why the fuck
dialog: you're telling me this.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Listen to me and you will. In the
dialog: 1950s, armed with this letter,
dialog: J. Edgar Hoover created an
dialog: organization to protect the
dialog: freedoms of this country at all
dialog: costs.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I don't care about any of this.
dialog: All I care about is my daughter.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I'm talking about your daughter.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: My daughter...
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Yes. You, your daughter and 200
dialog: million other Americans who take
dialog: their freedoms for granted. You
dialog: don't understand what it takes
dialog: to protect those freedoms. That's
dialog: my job, Stanley, to protect your
dialog: way of life at all costs.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: So you and your band of lunatics
dialog: are really stealing all this money
dialog: to protect me.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: That's right, Stanley --
text: He opens the theatre door.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: -- 'cause wars cost money.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: 105 CONTINUED: (2) 105
scene_heading: INT. THEATRE - MORNING
text: Stan inside. It's as if he's just teleported into
text: Beirut. Weapons, Hummers, a huge armored bus is
text: jacked up at one end of the theatre. Gabriel's men go
text: about readying themselves. One of the mercs walks over
text: to Gabriel to show a modified electronic dog collar.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (realization hitting
dialog: him)
dialog: You're going into the fucking bank.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: That's what I'm telling you,
dialog: Stanley. We are at war.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: War? Who are we at war with?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Anyone who infringes on America's
dialog: freedom. Terrorists' states,
dialog: Stanley. Someone must take their
text: war to them. They bomb a church,
text: we bomb ten. They hijack a plane,
dialog: we take out an airport. They
dialog: execute American tourists, we
text: tactically nuke an entire city.
dialog: We must make terrorism so horrific
dialog: that it becomes unthinkable to
dialog: attack Americans.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I'm out. I'm not doing this.
dialog: You're insane.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Maybe. I wanted you to do this
dialog: because you wanted to, because we
dialog: need men like you, but our
dialog: time table's been moved up. Just
dialog: relax and it will all be over in
dialog: twenty-four hours. You're rich,
text: Stanley. Pretty soon Holly and
dialog: you will be basking in the sun on
text: the deck of some eighty-foot
text: scarab, eating bon bons and living
dialog: the good life.
text: He turns to walk off. Stanley looks around. He spots a
text: generator and moves toward it. Stanley reaches down to
text: the power board on the generator and gives a large dial a
dialog: twist.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: 105 CONTINUED: (3) 105
text: Suddenly, the hundreds of lights in the rack begin to
text: arc. In a shower of GLASS they start EXPLODING from the
text: huge amperage shooting through them from the generator.
text: Gabriel turns to see Stan standing next to the generator.
text: He moves toward him just as the room goes black.
text: In a moment the secondary lights come up. No Stanley.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Pretty slick.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (walking over)
dialog: You want to send a team after him?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: No. He'll be back. We gotta
dialog: move. Load up.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 106 EXT. STREET (SOMEWHERE IN SANTA MONICA) - MORNING 106
text: Early morning in Los Angeles. People go peacefully about
dialog: their early morning business.
text: Suddenly, three red, white and blue Hummers crest a hill
text: and tear TOWARD us down the street.
text: Halfway down the street, they veer right, jump the curb,
text: and SMASH through the front PLATE-GLASS WINDOWS of the
dialog: World Banc.
scene_heading: 107 INT. CAB - MORNING 107
text: Stanley rides in the back of a cab as the cab hauls ass
text: to his ex-wife's house.
scene_heading: 108 INT. BANK - MORNING 108
text: As the Hummers roll through the furniture and flying
text: glass, the side doors fling open and well-dressed men in
text: Italian suits and sunglasses jump out. Customers scream
text: and try to flee but are quickly corralled with MACHINE
text: GUN BURSTS.
dialog: 80-85.
scene_heading: 109 EXT. STREET (SOMEWHERE IN SANTA MONICA) - MORNING 109
text: A red FERRARI F50 whips around the corner at light speed,
text: SCREAMS down the street TOWARD us and SCREECHES to a halt
text: outside the bank. It shifts into reverse and slowly
text: backs over the curb and into the bank.
text: A huge armored bus rolls down the street, through two
text: parked cars, and up onto the sidewalk, effectively
text: sealing off the front of the glass bank. Mercs begin
text: welding metal plates around the armored bus. We hear the
text: approaching SIRENS of a fleet of cop cars.
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: 110 EXT. MALIBU HOUSE - MORNING 110
text: The cab pulls up in front of Melissa's house. Stanley
text: jumps out and runs up to the front door.
scene_heading: 111 INT. BANK - MORNING 111
text: Several of the mercs finish putting some sort of collars
text: on several hostages, including a young, normally good-
text: looking-but-now-covered-in-mascara, whimpering blonde
dialog: girl.
scene_heading: 112 INT. MALIBU HOUSE - MORNING 112
text: Stanley busts into her house. In the living room,
text: Melissa and the infamous Larry the Porn King are both
text: face-down in a pool of blood. Stan freaks. He runs from
text: room to room yelling Holly's name. The house is
text: deserted. Stanley bursts through the door into Holly's
text: room. The room is empty and in disarray.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - STANLEY
text: As he looks out the window toward LA and pulls out
dialog: Roberts' card.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18 8:45:33... 34... 35
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 113 INT. BANK 113
text: THROUGH glass doors, we see the woman slam into the
text: locked doors. The SWAT guy pulls her into the street.
scene_heading: 114 EXT. STREET 114
dialog: KABOOM!!!
text: The EXPLOSION rips the SWAT guy and the girl from the
text: beginning apart. This time we see it from ANOTHER ANGLE.
text: BALL BEARINGS RICOCHET against the plate steel of the
dialog: bank.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: 115 EXT. STARBUCKS COFFEE SHOP - LOW SHOT - DAY 115
text: as the ball bearings bounce across the street and tap
text: against the coffee shop.
scene_heading: 116 INT. STARBUCKS COFFEE SHOP (SLOW MOTION) - DAY 116
text: Everyone in the coffee shop looks at each other like,
dialog: "What the fuck just happened?"
scene_heading: 117 EXT. STARBUCKS COFFEE SHOP - DAY 117
text: As ball bearings roll back into the street.
scene_heading: 118 INT. BANK - DAY 118
text: Stanley is standing in the bank. Three mercs in Donna
text: Karen suits point modified M-16s at his head. He stares
text: at the ground, shaking his head. Gabriel tosses his
text: frappacino against the wall.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Get that son-of-a-bitch on the
dialog: phone.
text: Gabriel walks towards the window, slinging his FN-FAL,
text: and pulling on his headset. A.D. Joy answers.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: If you need to test my resolve
dialog: then God help you. You have 25
dialog: minutes. That plane better be on
dialog: the runway.
text: He clicks off. He turns to Stan.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Get my money, Stanley.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Not until I see my daughter.
text: Gabriel snaps his fingers and a ballistic cloth duffel
text: bag is thrown to Gabriel. Gabriel is very unhappy. He
text: looks at Stanley who is terrified of its contents.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - DUFFEL BAG
text: As he unzips it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: 118 CONTINUED: 118
text: BACK TO STANLEY
text: Stanley almost can't bear to look.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - DUFFEL BAG
text: As Gabriel slowly reaches in and... Pulls out our buddy
text: the giraffe.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Stanley's heart almost stops. He sighs as Gabriel tosses
text: him the giraffe.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Do you really think I wanted it to
dialog: come to this. Do you? I am not a
dialog: psychopath, Stanley, but I told
dialog: you, I will sacrifice as many
dialog: lives as it takes to protect our
dialog: country, including my own.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now get me my money.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Will you let Holly go once you
dialog: have the money?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Both of you. You have my word,
dialog: Stanley. C'mon.
text: They walk past a merc sitting at a desk, a laptop open in
text: front of him.
text: Marco is paying very close attention to Stan.
scene_heading: 119 INT. BANK - DAY 119
text: A merc sits at a desk with three laptops and four tiny
text: extra monitors, all wired into a large bundle of cables
text: that run across the floor.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: We okay?
text: The merc looks up. On the monitors and laptop screens
text: are present-time shots of all angles of the building and
text: the surrounding area. The images constantly change as
text: the merc toggles through the images.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 88A.
speaker_heading: 119 CONTINUED: (A1) 119
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Look at the cover pattern they've
text: set up. The right hand doesn't
dialog: know what the left's doing.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: 119 CONTINUED: 119
speaker_heading: MARCO (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at this bozo. If the shit
dialog: drops, he's gonna cap his buddy in
text: the back of the head. Idiots.
text: Stanley sits down at the computer console and brings up
text: the bank's mainframe.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I need the disk.
text: A merc hands it to him and Stanley slides it in the
text: computer. His hands work quickly.
scene_heading: 120 INT. COFFEE SHOP - DAY 120
text: It is 9:15.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 121 INT. BANK - DAY 121
text: Now it is 9:35.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Almost done.
text: Suddenly the lights flicker, Stan's screen blanks out
text: momentarily, then blazes back to life, his code
text: scrambled. Stan instinctively jerks his hands away from
dialog: the keyboard.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Whoa! What the hell just
dialog: happened?
text: Gabriel looks at the lights as they flicker back on, the
text: huge portable GENERATOR springing to life.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: They just cut the power. Forget
dialog: it. How long to transfer the
dialog: money?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Couple of minutes. Which
dialog: accounts?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: National Bank of Zurich. Spread
dialog: it evenly over these accounts. It
dialog: won't be there that long.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: 121 CONTINUED: 121
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Good job, Stanley, I got someone
dialog: who wants to see you.
text: They bring Holly out.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Holly!
text: Stanley grabs her and pulls her close to him.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Holly nods yes. Stanley and Holly are escorted toward
text: the door. Gabriel stands in front, holding his FN-FAL.
text: He is speaking in French to several of the mercs.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Hold up.
text: Stanley stops. Gabriel walks down the steps and unhooks
text: Holly's collar. Stan is about to freak.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (to Stanley)
dialog: Told you I was a man of my word,
dialog: Stanley.
text: He walks back. Marco unlocks the door. Stanley and
text: Holly look at each other. Holly starts to cry.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: It's okay. I love you, baby.
text: Marco stares at Stanley as they walk out.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: See ya around.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I doubt it.
text: He starts to walk out...
speaker_heading: CYPHER MERC #3
dialog: Sir, the money just disappeared.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: 121 CONTINUED: (2) 121
speaker_heading: CYPHER MERC #3
dialog: The money, it's gone.
text: Gabriel turns around to look at Stanley. We ZOOM INTO a
text: CLOSEUP. He's pissed.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: What do you mean, gone?
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: We see Stanley. He looks like he just got caught with
text: his hand in the cookie jar.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Shit! Run, Holly!
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Get her!
text: Marco pulls his assault rifle but Stanley waylays him.
text: They both hit the ground.
scene_heading: 122 EXT. BANK - DAY 122
text: Holly hauls ass into the street. Once the FBI SWAT guys
text: see she is off the sidewalk, they scoop her up.
scene_heading: 123 INT. BANK 123
text: Gabriel jerks out his weapon and jams it against Stan's
text: head as he and Marco roll around on the ground.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Won't do you any good. The money
dialog: jumps every 60 seconds from one
dialog: numbered account to another and
dialog: will for the next ten years.
dialog: 'Course it wasn't supposed to
dialog: happen for another six hours. The
dialog: power surge must have scrambled
dialog: the internal clock. But, you kill
dialog: me and you never get a single
dialog: dollar.
text: Gabriel eases up, wheels spinning at millions of RPMs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: 123 CONTINUED: 123
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: You let the hostages go and then
dialog: I'll tell you where and when you
dialog: can extract the money. We all
text: walk away, nobody gets hurt. The
text: accounts are encrypted with a 1024
dialog: bit cipher. Even I can't break
dialog: through the fire wall. It's my
dialog: act of God policy.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Deal?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I'm thinking.
text: A very tense moment passes. Gabriel looks around. He
dialog: has an idea.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Tell ya what. No deal.
text: Marco pulls a length of towing cable from one of the
text: Hummer's winches and throws the line over one of the 30-
text: foot-high ceiling buttresses.
text: Gabriel grabs the cable as it comes down as two mercs
text: rush in and grab Stanley, one placing a knife to his
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Marco! Grab Agent Sculley!
text: Marco grabs Ginger and drags her kicking, fighting, over
text: to where Gabriel stands, brandishing the cable.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: No, don't do this.
text: Stanley struggles like there is no tomorrow. Gabriel
text: hooks the end into a noose with the tow hook, and puts it
text: over Ginger's head, pulling it taut around her neck. He
text: cuts the cable-tie loose. She digs at them with her
dialog: fingers.
text: Two mercs rush in and grab Stanley, one placing a knife
text: to his throat.
text: Stanley struggles like there is no tomorrow.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: 123 CONTINUED: (2) 123
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: In all reality, Stan, she has you
dialog: to thank for this. That first
dialog: night in Prague you broke the
dialog: D.O.D. database that contained her
dialog: true identity. She's D.E.A.,
dialog: Stan, but without you, I never
dialog: would have known.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (freaking)
dialog: What are you doing? Stop!
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: String up the D.E.A. bitch.
text: Marco hits the power switch. Ginger is yanked up into
text: the air, hanging twenty feet above the floor.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Just let her down. I'll do
dialog: whatever you want.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Then get me my money, Stan.
text: Stanley looks up at Ginger, valiantly struggling for her
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I'm not doing shit until you bring
dialog: her down. I'm serious. Let her
dialog: down. Now!
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Okay.
text: Gabriel yanks out his .40 cal. H&amp;K, turns and SHOOTS the
dialog: hanging Ginger.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Nooo...
text: Stanley looks at her lifeless body as they lower her.
text: He looks up at Gabriel and runs at him.
text: Gabriel slaps him in the throat, spinning him, and grabs
text: Stan around the neck in the crook of his arm.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: 123 CONTINUED: (3) 123
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (close and very serious)
dialog: Take a moment, big guy. Don't
dialog: make me put you in a wheelchair.
text: In the b.g. two mercs zip Ginger's body into a black body
text: bag and carry her out.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: You didn't have to kill her.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I didn't Stan, you did. But we're
dialog: not done yet.
dialog: (to Marco)
dialog: Marco...
text: Marco yanks a seventeen-year-old girl up from the floor
text: and puts a gun to her head.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: There are a lot of hostages here.
dialog: I cared about Ginger, can you
dialog: imagine what I could do to someone
dialog: I don't care about. How long
dialog: before the money jumps?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
text: Sixty seconds.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: They better hope you installed a
dialog: back door or it could be a long
dialog: day. Somebody get me a laptop.
text: A laptop appears. Gabriel hands it to Stanley and nods
text: to the mercs who drop him. Stanley drops to his knees,
text: placing the computer on the ground.
text: Stanley has logged onto the net via modem and we hear
text: that familiar PULSE as he does. He connects onto an
text: encrypted site on the net. His fingers hum over the
dialog: keys.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER MERC
dialog: (looking at a screen)
dialog: Money just jumped.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (looking at his watch)
dialog: Okay, Stan. Sixty seconds.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: 123 CONTINUED: (4) 123
text: Sweat rolls down Stanley's face as he works on the
text: machine. Numbers scroll across the screen. Five columns
dialog: of numbers scroll.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Forty-five seconds, Stanley.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I need another laptop, logged on!
text: He tries to keep from looking up at the crying hostage.
text: The columns decrease. Another laptop appears.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Twenty seconds, Stan.
text: His fingers still fly. Three columns now. He works on
text: the other laptop with his right hand.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Fifteen. She's gonna die,
dialog: Stanley.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Shut up!
dialog: Two. Then one.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: C'mon, c'mon.
text: It scrolls down to one number.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Ten.
text: The home page for Grand Cayman Banc appears on the other
text: laptop. "Account Number" appears.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Nine... Eight... Seven.
text: Stanley has typed in the account number and accesses the
text: account. He flies through the transfer information.
dialog: Account balance. 6.9 billion dollars.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I need your account number.
text: Someone hands him a legal pad. He types it in.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Four, three, two...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: 123 CONTINUED: (5) 123
scene_heading: "Transfer?" -- "Yes" -- TRANSFERRING.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: One.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Let her go.
text: Stanley jumps up and runs over to Marco. Gabriel puts
text: his gun to the back of Stanley's head.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Now, goddammit, it's done. Let
dialog: her go!
text: Gabriel looks at one of his boys who is checking it with
text: a different laptop. He nods. Marco drops the girl.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Well, that was fun.
text: A MERC holding a cell phone.
speaker_heading: MERC
text: Joy says the plane is ready.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Well, 'bout time for us to leave.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: They'll never let you escape.
dialog: You've gone too far.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Au contraire. Do you hear that?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That's the sound of America
dialog: watching.
scene_heading: 123A EXT. BUS 123A
text: We MOVE UP THROUGH the roof of the bank, the sky is
text: filled with the THUMPING of NEWS HELICOPTERS.
scene_heading: 124 INT. BUS - DAY 124
text: They lead the hostages, including Stanley, onto the bus.
text: He is pushed down into the back.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (to the driver)
dialog: Let's roll.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96A.
speaker_heading: 124 CONTINUED: 124
text: The driver pulls the door lever and it closes.
text: The bus pulls into gear and slowly moves forward. The
text: cops and FBI agents just stare vacantly at the bus.
speaker_heading: 124A OMITTED 124A
scene_heading: 125 INT. STARBUCKS COFFEE SHOP - DAY 125
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: You just gonna let them drive the
dialog: fuck on outta here?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: 125 CONTINUED: 125
speaker_heading: A.D. JOY
dialog: There isn't a free cop in a
dialog: hundred miles that isn't on his
dialog: ass. He wants a plane. He'll
dialog: get a plane.
scene_heading: 125A EXT. SANTA MONICA AIRPORT - DAY 125A
text: A G5 sits waiting on the tarmac. SWAT teams move in to
text: cover positions around it.
scene_heading: 125B INT. STARBUCKS COFFEE SHOP - DAY 125B
speaker_heading: A.D. JOY
dialog: He won't get away. We'll take
dialog: them at the airport. Let's go.
text: They exit. Roberts tosses the paper he was reading down
text: on the table and walks out, shaking his head.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - NEWSPAPER
scene_heading: The headline reads, "U.S. SENATOR JAMES REISMAN (GEORGIA)
text: FOUND DEAD, VICTIM OF FREAK FISHING ACCIDENT."
scene_heading: 125C EXT. STARBUCKS COFFEE SHOP - DAY 125C
text: Joy and Agent Thomas jump in a waiting car, ready to head
text: toward the airport. Roberts watches them, then com-
text: mandeers another vehicle, tearing ass after the bus.
scene_heading: 126 EXT. BUS - DAY 126
text: The bus rolls down the street. Slowly one by one, car
text: with flashing lights after car with flashing lights pulls
text: up behind it until a convoy rivaling that of the
text: Sugarland Express has built up. Choppers drop out of the
text: air, shadowing the bright yellow school bus.
scene_heading: 126A EXT. BUS - DAY 126A
text: Gabriel's voice booms from speakers on the exterior of
dialog: the bus.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL (V.O.)
dialog: I don't think any of us want a
dialog: repeat of this morning. Keep at
dialog: least a hundred yards from this
dialog: bus at all times and I want the
text: airspace for five miles clear.
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: 127 INT. BUS - MOVING - DAY 127
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (dropping the mic
dialog: and turning to the
dialog: hostages)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, we will be
dialog: in your lives for approximately 55
dialog: more minutes. This bus has just
dialog: become your new yard. So sit
dialog: back, think happy thoughts, and
dialog: this will be over before you can
dialog: say 'cat in the hat.'
text: Gabriel, smiling, turns to Stanley.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Whaddaya think, Stanley?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: You'll never get away. Even if
dialog: they have to kill everyone on
dialog: the bus.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Really? Five hundred bucks says I
dialog: do. Tell ya what, Stanley, I'll
dialog: even spot you the five bills.
text: Gabriel walks to the front of the bus, puts on a headset,
text: and keys a mic.
speaker_heading: 128 OMITTED 128
dialog: thru thru
dialog: 132 132
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: 133 INT. BUS - DAY 133
text: We are moving through the city. Behind the bus, a huge
text: caravan of police cars and SWAT trucks follow.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Stan, c'mere.
text: Stan slides out of the seat and walks to the front with
text: Gabriel. All the hostages' eyes are on him. At the
text: front he looks at Gabriel.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Take a look.
text: Cops block off side streets as the convoy, ala The
text: Gauntlet, rolls through L.A.
text: Gabriel seems to be in complete control, despite being
text: surrounded by every law enforcement officer within a
dialog: hundred miles.
scene_heading: 133A INT. BUS - DAY 133A
text: Stan turns to Gabriel, angry. He grabs him, pushing him.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: How the fuck can you justify all
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: You're not looking at the big
dialog: picture.
text: Gabriel pushes him backward against the hand rail.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Stanley, here's a scenario. You
dialog: have the power to cure all of the
dialog: world's diseases. But the price
dialog: for this is that you must kill a
dialog: single, innocent child. Could you
dialog: kill that child to save the world?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: You disappoint me, Stanley. It's
dialog: the greatest good.
text: Silence for several beats.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: How about ten innocents?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: 133A CONTINUED: 133A
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Now you're getting it. How about
dialog: a hundred?
text: Gabriel becomes intense.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: How about a thousand? Not to save
dialog: the world, but just to preserve
dialog: our way of life.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: No man has the right to make that
dialog: decision. You're no different
dialog: than any other terrorist.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: You're wrong, Stanley. Some men
dialog: are put here to shape destiny, to
dialog: protect freedom, despite the
dialog: atrocities they must commit. I am
dialog: one of those men. Thousands die
dialog: every day for no reason at all,
dialog: where is your bleeding heart for
dialog: them? You give your twenty
dialog: dollars to Greenpeace every year
dialog: and think you are changing the
dialog: world. What countries will
dialog: harbor terrorists, when they
dialog: realize the consequences of what
dialog: I will do? Did you know I can
dialog: buy nuclear warheads in Minsk
dialog: for forty million each? I buy
dialog: half a dozen, I even get a
dialog: discount.
text: The driver, looking at his watch, says something to
dialog: Gabriel in French.
text: Gabriel replies to the driver, also in French.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - DRIVER
text: as the driver shifts down.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - DRIVER'S FOOT
text: Pressing down the accelerator.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100A.
speaker_heading: 133A CONTINUED: (2) 133A
scene_heading: CLOSEUP ON SPEEDOMETER
text: Nudging toward eighty.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: What the fu --
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I saw Sugarland Express, Stan.
dialog: Didn't like the way it ended.
text: We see a sign that says "LAX." The bus turns off before
text: they get to the sign.
speaker_heading: 134 OMITTED 134
scene_heading: 135 INT. BUS - DAY 135
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: I thought we were going to the
dialog: airport.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Misdirection, Stanley.
text: The bus hurtles down a road toward a bridge over the LA
dialog: river.
text: CLOSEUP ON ONE OF HOSTAGE'S EYES
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: One of the mercs in the front speaks French again.
text: Gabriel looks around. He smiles.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Listen...
text: Faintly, we can hear powerful ROTORS APPROACHING.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Gentlemen...
text: Stanley looks out the window as two of the mercs scramble
text: through hatches in the roof.
speaker_heading: 136 OMITTED 136
dialog: 100B.
scene_heading: 137 EXT. SKY - DAY 137
text: A huge black Sikorsky sky crane drops out of the sky. It
text: has matched speed with the bus dragging four crane cables
text: under it.
scene_heading: 137A EXT. BUS (MOVING) - DAY 137A
text: Within moments, as the bus speeds onto the bridge, the
text: mercs on the roof have hooked the cables to the four
text: hard-points welded into the bus' substructure for just
text: this purpose. The mercs drop back into...
scene_heading: 138 INT. BUS - DAY 138
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Hold on.
scene_heading: 139 EXT. STREET - DAY 139
text: The bus is lifted from the bridge into the air.
scene_heading: 139A INT. CAR - DAY 139A
text: Roberts, hauling ass after the bus, sees the Sikorsky.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Well why the fuck not.
speaker_heading: 140 OMITTED 140
scene_heading: 140A EXT. SANTA MONICA AIRPORT - DAY 140A
text: The SWAT teams sit and just continue to wait for Gabriel,
dialog: who will never show up.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: 140B OMITTED 140B
scene_heading: 140C EXT. SANTA MONICA AIRPORT - DAY 140C
text: Joy and Agent Thomas come SCREECHING up at the airport.
text: Agent Thomas's PHONE RINGS and he answers it. Joy walks
text: over to the SWAT leader.
speaker_heading: A.D. JOY
dialog: Everything in place?
speaker_heading: AGENT TORRES
dialog: We're ready, sir.
speaker_heading: A.D. JOY
dialog: Good --
speaker_heading: AGENT THOMAS
dialog: (running up)
dialog: -- sir...
speaker_heading: A.D. JOY
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: AGENT THOMAS
dialog: I don't think they're coming.
speaker_heading: A.D. JOY
dialog: What do you mean you don't think
dialog: they're coming?
speaker_heading: AGENT THOMAS
dialog: (listening to the
dialog: phone)
text: The bus was just lifted off the
text: street by a giant helicopter.
speaker_heading: A.D. JOY
dialog: (freaking)
dialog: What?!?
scene_heading: 141 INT. BUS - DAY 141
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: The only way to fly, huh, Stanley.
text: Gabriel says something in French into the radio.
scene_heading: 142 EXT. L.A. SKY - DAY 142
text: The sky crane/bus head toward downtown.
speaker_heading: A101A.
scene_heading: 143 INT. BUS - DAY 143
text: The bus flies through the canyons of the downtown
text: buildings as it continues to lift.
dialog: 101A.
scene_heading: 144 EXT. BUS - DAY 144
text: Suddenly the bus crests a smaller building, and a large
text: sign looms directly in its flight path.
scene_heading: 145 INT. BUS - DAY 145
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Bank right!
scene_heading: 146 EXT. BUS - DAY 146
text: The Sikorsky swings right but not fast enough. It
text: SMASHES through the sign and heads directly at a huge
text: glass building.
scene_heading: 147 INT. HUGE GLASS BUILDING - DAY 147
text: BROKERS in a bullpen go about their trading business.
text: One looks up as the bus flies toward the huge plate glass
dialog: windows.
speaker_heading: BROKER
dialog: Holy sh...
text: His cohorts look up just as the BUS SLAMS INTO the
text: BUILDING, SHATTERING the WINDOWS.
scene_heading: 148 INT. BUS - DAY 148
text: Everyone holds on for dear life.
scene_heading: 149 EXT. L.A. SKY - DAY 149
text: The bus falls on one side. The resulting tension snaps
text: the sliced cable and the entire rear section of the bus
text: dangles.
scene_heading: 150 INT. BUS - DAY 150
text: Chaos. Hostages slam into each other as the bus falls.
text: One of the hostages flies down the center of the bus,
text: collides with Marco, and both go out through the back
dialog: window.
scene_heading: 151 EXT. L.A. SKY - DAY 151
text: Forty feet from the bus they EXPLODE.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: 152 INT. BUS - DAY 152
text: The concussion BLOWS OUT every WINDOW of the bus. The
text: hostages scramble to hold on.
scene_heading: 153 EXT. L.A. SKY - DAY 153
text: The bus now hangs suspended perpendicular to the ground.
text: The Sikorsky starts to climb again.
speaker_heading: 154 OMITTED 154
dialog: &amp; &amp;
dialog: 155 155
scene_heading: 156 INT. BUS - DAY 156
text: Gabriel turns to the merc driving the bus, who is wearing
text: a headset.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: We okay?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (listening to his
dialog: headset, then)
dialog: We'll make it, sir.
scene_heading: 157 EXT. L.A. SKY - DAY 157
text: The Sikorsky flies upward to the top of the highest
text: skyscraper.
scene_heading: 158 EXT. DOWNTOWN L.A. STREETS - DAY 158
text: Roberts chases after the bus. He looks up, realizing
text: where they are going and veers off, short-cutting toward
text: the skyscraper.
scene_heading: 159 EXT. SKYSCRAPER ROOF - DAY 159
text: The Sikorsky attempts to set the bus on the rooftop. The
text: back wheels miss the rooftop and the entire bus starts
text: sliding toward the edge. The Sikorsky lifts the entire
text: bus back up into the air and then gingerly sets it on the
text: rooftop on all four wheels. The CABLES are cut loose
text: from the helicopter, and drop down onto the ROOF with a
text: loud CLANG.
scene_heading: 160 EXT. DOWNTOWN L.A. STREETS - DAY 160
text: Roberts rushes to the building.
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: 161 EXT. SKY - DAY 161
text: The helicopter then disappears upward into the sky.
speaker_heading: ON ROOF
text: Mercenaries begin to pile off the bus.
scene_heading: 162 INT. BUS - DAY 162
text: Stan watches.
scene_heading: 163 EXT. BUILDING - DAY 163
text: SWAT trucks pull up and SWAT guys roll out.
scene_heading: 164 INT. BUILDING - DAY 164
text: Roberts rushes into the skyscraper.
speaker_heading: 165 OMITTED 165
scene_heading: 166 INT. BUILDING - DAY 166
text: SWAT commandos hit the stairs and elevators.
scene_heading: 167 EXT. SKYSCRAPER ROOF - DAY 167
text: Sitting there on a helipad is an evil-looking, matte-
text: black, Explorer helicopter.
text: Gabriel and his men walk off the bus toward the waiting
text: helicopter. Gabriel turns back to Stanley who is
text: standing on the stairs of the bus.
text: We hear the sound of hundreds of SIRENS APPROACHING.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Well, Stanley, gotta fly. Take
dialog: care of that little girl. Maybe
dialog: I'll see you again one day.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: It can't end like this. You can't
dialog: get away.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: 167 CONTINUED: 167
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: C'mon, Stan. Everything doesn't
dialog: always end the way you think it
dialog: will.
dialog: (beat, then)
dialog: 'Sides, audiences love happy
dialog: endings.
text: Gabriel strides away. We hear the WHINE of the EXPLORER
text: as it does its final POWER UP for lift off.
text: Stanley looks around the bus futilely for some way to
text: stop Gabriel. Stan can hear the cavalry about to arrive.
text: The Explorer slowly lifts upward.
scene_heading: 168 EXT. SKYSCRAPER ROOF - DAY 168
text: The Explorer shoots upward into the sky.
speaker_heading: 169 OMITTED 169
scene_heading: 169A INT. BUS 169A
text: Stan looks around, all the hostages look back at him.
text: Stanley sees one of the Stinger missile launchers, broken
text: free of its box.
scene_heading: 169B EXT. BUS 169B
text: Roberts runs onto the roof and sees Stanley who has the
text: STINGER to his shoulder. He hits the "on" switch and
text: it WHINES TO LIFE.
text: He sights through the scope as the EXPLORER SCREAMS away
text: and pulls the trigger. The MISSILE RIPS OUT of the tube
text: and flies toward the EXPLORER.
speaker_heading: BOOM.
text: The MISSILE EXPLOSION combined with the fuel creates a
text: tremendous fireball.
text: Roberts runs and tackles Stanley to the ground. Suddenly,
text: SWAT GUYS dressed in full combat gear including masks that
text: cover their faces surround them.
text: They cuff them. One of them almost steps on Stanley's
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: 169B CONTINUED: 169B
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: I'm F.B.I...
speaker_heading: SWAT GUY
dialog: (ignoring him)
dialog: Check the rest of the hostages,
dialog: we'll come back for them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: 169B CONTINUED: 169B
text: Stretchers and EMT medics run into the bus. We CRANE UP.
text: And see the absolute pandemonium of ambulances leaving
text: and police cars arriving.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 170 INT. FORENSIC LAB - NIGHT 170
text: We see DOCTOR MICHEALS leaning over what is left of
text: Gabriel's barely recognizable burned upper torso and
text: head. Stan and Roberts walk into the room through the
text: metal doors and stop at the end of the table. Dr.
text: Micheals nervously looks up at Stanley and steps back.
text: Stanley looks down at the body.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Are we sure this is Gabriel?
text: Micheals walks over to a light-board on the wall and
text: flicks it on. A full dental X-ray glows. Micheals hangs
text: another over-top of it.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR MICHEALS
dialog: The body's dentals exactly match
dialog: the dentals the Israeli government
dialog: sent us for an ex-Mossad agent
dialog: named Gabriel Shears.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ON FACE
dialog: It is indeed Gabriel a.k.a. Gabriel Shear.
speaker_heading: WIDER
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: It sure looks like Gabriel Shear.
dialog: What the hell was he doing in
dialog: that bank?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: What about Ginger?
speaker_heading: TORRES
dialog: We searched all the hospitals and
dialog: morgues but we haven't been able
text: to find her body yet.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: You can't find her body?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107/108.
speaker_heading: 170 CONTINUED: 170
speaker_heading: TORRES
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Keep looking. Bodies just don't
dialog: fucking disappear.
text: Roberts' voice slowly FADES as we PUSH IN ON Stanley,
text: internal wheels spinning.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Disappear...
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
speaker_heading: 1910 STOCK FOOTAGE
text: Houdini's favorite elephant trick going on inside Stan's
dialog: head.
scene_heading: INT. BIG TOP - DAY
text: A large crowd of people surrounds Houdini and pale-suited
text: assistants in front of a large elephant in the center
dialog: ring.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL (V.O.)
dialog: Houdini made an elephant disappear
text: in a room full of people.
text: His assistants pull a curtain all the way around the
dialog: elephant.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL (V.O.)
dialog: You know how he did it?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CURTAIN - DAY
speaker_heading: GABRIEL (V.O.)
text: Elephant suit. Filled with his
dialog: assistants.
text: We see his assistants jump out of the elephant and hang
text: the suit inside the curtains.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL (V.O.)
text: Assistants jump out. Blend in
text: with the others.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: A108A.
speaker_heading: 170 CONTINUED: (2) 170
scene_heading: INT. BIG TOP - DAY
text: Houdini's assistants pull back the curtain, melding with
text: the assistants inside, unbeknownst to the audience of
dialog: course.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL (V.O.)
dialog: Voila.
text: The elephant is gone. Houdini throws up his hands.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL (V.O.)
dialog: No more elephant.
scene_heading: 171 FLASHBACK - SWAT GUYS 171
text: in black urban assault gear, pushing Stan to the ground.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 172 OMITTED 172
scene_heading: 173 CLOSEUP - STANLEY (PRESENT) 173
text: Realization sinking in.
scene_heading: 173A INT. GABRIEL'S HOUSE - GINGER'S ROOM 173A
text: Ginger looks at him, holding her Glock, a wire taped
text: between her breasts.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: I'm D.E.A., Stanley.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - GINGER
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Trust me.
dialog: 108A.
scene_heading: 173B CLOSEUP - STANLEY - PRESENT 173B
speaker_heading: GABRIEL (V.O.)
dialog: -- so advanced nowadays you could
dialog: probably pilot it from your
dialog: trailer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 174 FLASHBACK - GABRIEL 174
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Misdirection...
scene_heading: 175 INT. GABRIEL'S HOUSE - WINE CELLAR - DAY 175
text: Gabriel's "face" smooshed against the glass door.
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: 176 BACK TO ROBERTS (PRESENT) 176
text: Roberts looks at him inquisitively.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STANLEY
text: As a wry Indiana Jones smirk slowly crosses his face. He
text: slowly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Cheer up, Stan, we got him.
dialog: You're a hero.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Yeah that's me. Hero.
text: They walk to the door and out.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: I was wrong about you, Stanley. I
dialog: wanted you to know that. You
dialog: know, you should take your
dialog: daughter on vacation. Relax a
dialog: little, you're lucky to be alive.
text: Stanley slaps Roberts on the arm and walks out.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 177 INT. CREDIT SUISSE (MONTE CARLO) - DAY 177
text: A WOMAN who looks surprisingly like Ginger with blonde
text: hair and dark shades saunters into the Credit Suisse main
dialog: bank in Monte Carlo.
text: She walks up to a desk and sits down in front of a young
text: female BANK EXECUTIVE. Both women speak in French with
speaker_heading: SUBTITLES.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I would like to transfer money
dialog: between my employer's accounts.
speaker_heading: BANK EXECUTIVE
dialog: Certainly. May I have your
dialog: employer's account number and
dialog: password, please?
text: The Woman slides a piece of paper across the desk as she
text: casually lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: 177 CONTINUED: 177
speaker_heading: BANK EXECUTIVE
dialog: (looking at the
dialog: account number,
dialog: realizing who she is
dialog: dealing with)
dialog: Oh, of course. You realize, how
dialog: should I say, there is a
dialog: substantial amount of money in
dialog: that account.
text: The sexy Woman smiles.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: That's why I'm here. My employer
dialog: doesn't like drawing attention to
dialog: himself. He likes to keep a low
dialog: profile.
text: The Bank Executive keys in the account numbers.
speaker_heading: BANK EXECUTIVE
dialog: Of course. Would you feel more
dialog: comfortable dealing with the bank
dialog: president?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (exhaling)
dialog: Would you?
speaker_heading: BANK EXECUTIVE
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Get him.
speaker_heading: BANK EXECUTIVE
text: Right away. A glass of Cristal
dialog: while you... Wait a moment...
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BANK EXECUTIVE
dialog: There seems to have been a
text: series of large withdrawals out of
dialog: this account.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: That's impossible.
text: The Woman spins around the terminal.
text: The Executive and the Woman look at each other in
text: astonishment, then both look back at the screen.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110A.
speaker_heading: 177 CONTINUED: (2) 177
dialog: The balance now reads $500.00.
text: We PUSH INTO A CLOSEUP OF the terminal. Then THROUGH it.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: 178 TERMINAL 178
text: We PUSH INTO a CLOSEUP of the terminal. Then THROUGH
text: it. We SHOOT THROUGH the system of wires and microchips,
text: DOWN and THROUGH T1 lines, ACROSS the world at light speed,
dialog: and EXIT the computer world FROM...
scene_heading: 179 INT. DINER - SOMEWHERE IN ARIZONA - DAY 179
text: The screen of Stanley's laptop.
speaker_heading: HOLLY (O.S.)
dialog: Everything okay, Dad?
text: Stanley, sitting at a booth, looks up from his laptop
text: at Holly who was studying a road map of Arizona.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Everything's fine. Just making the
dialog: last of some charitable donations..
text: Stanley finishes, shuts down laptop.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: How about you, almost done?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (folding up road
dialog: map)
dialog: Yep. Got it all figured out.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Well, let's do it.
text: They leave table.
scene_heading: EXT. DINER - SOMEWHERE IN ARIZONA - DAY
text: They exit diner. Make their way to a new SUV with a
text: thirty foot tricked out Airstream trailer stretched
text: out behind it.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: By the way, where exactly are we
dialog: going?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: The Petrified Forest.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: The Petrified Forest.
text: Stanley opens the driver side door of the SUV.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 111A.
speaker_heading: 179 CONTINUED: 179
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Right. And I'm driving.
text: Holly climbs into the vehicle, as if to take the wheel.
text: Stanley slides in next to her.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Scoot over, you.
speaker_heading: WIDE SHOT
text: WE CRANE UP and AWAY as the vehicle pulls out of the
dialog: desert truck stop...
speaker_heading: HOLLY (V.O.)
dialog: Know why they call it the Petrified
dialog: Forest?
speaker_heading: STANLEY (V.O.)
dialog: No. Why?
text: ... and drives off down the road.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 180 EXT. CREDIT SUISSE (MONTE CARLO) - DAY 180
text: A MAN, whom we have not seen before but does maintain a
text: certain "Gabriel" air about him, hiding behind shades,
text: leans against a three-hundred-year-old column reading a
dialog: newspaper.
text: She walks toward him and he signals for the valet.
speaker_heading: WOMAN FROM BANK
dialog: You're not fucking gonna believe
dialog: this. Stanley --
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: -- How much he leave?
speaker_heading: WOMAN FROM BANK
dialog: 500 bucks.
text: He takes the $500 in cash from her hand and hands her the
text: paper. They walk down to the dock, where a 50-foot off-
text: shore cigarette boat waits, a valet standing next to it.
text: He hands the valet the $500. Stepping down into the
text: cigarette boat, he grins up at Ginger.
speaker_heading: GINGER (WOMAN)
dialog: (steppng in next
dialog: to him)
dialog: You don't seem that upset.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Did you ever see the Maltese Falcon?
text: She looks at him as he CRANKS UP the CIGARETTE and backs
text: away from the pier.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: 1941. Nominated for three
dialog: Academy Awards, lost, but what
dialog: the fuck does the Academy know
dialog: anyway. John Houston's first
dialog: film and probably Bogey's best.
text: He turns the BOAT around and POWERS out of the bay.
speaker_heading: MAN
text: At the end, when they realize the
dialog: bird's a fake, and all they had
dialog: gone through and sacrificed was for
dialog: nothing, Gutman, the bad guy in the
dialog: movie, says, 'well, sir, what do you
dialog: think, shall we stand here, shed
dialog: tears, and call each other names,
dialog: or shall we go to Istanbul?'
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: 180 CONTINUED: 180
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Istanbul? What's in Istanbul?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: The, ah, stuff dreams are made of.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Huh?
text: They both smile as the CIGARETTE disappears toward the
dialog: horizon.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
