dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SYRIANA
dialog: Written by
dialog: Stephen Gaghan
dialog: Based on the book "See No Evil" by
dialog: Robert Baer
dialog: Exile is not a material thing, it is a spiritual thing,
dialog: all corners of the earth exactly the same. And anywhere
dialog: one can dream is good, providing the place is obscure,
text: and the horizon vast.
speaker_heading: VICTOR HUGO
dialog: If a triangle could speak it would say that God is
text: eminently triangular.
speaker_heading: SPINOZA
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 1 EXT. TEHRAN, IRAN - MORNING 1
text: The minarets of Shi'a mosques dot the skyline. The sun
text: rises through the smog. Keening SIRENS call the faithful.
text: A GROUP of bearded, turbanned MEN in white robes carrying
text: Korans walk down an empty street.
text: As the religious men pass a nondescript metal door, a
text: THUMPING SOUND rises...
text: The door cracks open and THREE MUSLIM WOMEN in full black
text: sack emerge. The door shuts quickly behind them.
text: Stay with the THREE MUSLIM WOMEN as they walk away. CLICK
text: CLICK CLICK on the cobblestone. We hear GIGGLES.
scene_heading: SUPERTITLE: TEHRAN, IRAN
text: One of them reaches down and removes stiletto high-heels,
text: which disappear under-the black cloth.
scene_heading: 2 INT. PRIVATE NIGHTCLUB - MORNING 2
text: Down two flights of crowded stairs, there's a bar, dance
text: floor, low couches, minimal lighting, wasted PEOPLE.
text: Wealthy young IRANIANS sit at a table littered with ice-
text: buckets and bottles of Absolut and Johnnie Walker.
dialog: And with them is BOB BAER, 40's, professionally
dialog: nondescript, he could be anything, a salesman, a high-
text: school teacher. His face is ever-changing and his eyes
dialog: miss nothing. Bob is the only American in the place and
dialog: still you almost wouldn't notice him.
text: ARASH AMIRI, 20's, a confident young Iranian, yells over
text: the music. Beside him is his BROTHER.
speaker_heading: ARASH AMIRI
dialog: Have you ever tried liquid MDMA?
text: Bob's forehead is sweating and his hair is sticking to
text: it, which he wipes away as he sips his scotch.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Liquid MDMA? No, I never tried it.
text: The music is louder. Arash proudly shouts over it --
speaker_heading: ARASH AMIRI
dialog: Tehran is the world capital!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: 2 CONTINUED: 2
text: Bob doesn't respond. Arash shouts again --
speaker_heading: ABASH AMIRI (CONT'D)
dialog: So, how's the kid?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Great. He's great.
text: Arash just stares. Bob sips his drink.
speaker_heading: BOB (CONT'D)
dialog: Are we gonna do this?
text: A girl begins to dance in front of Arash.
speaker_heading: ABASH AMIRI
dialog: After prayer --
scene_heading: 3 EXT. TEHRAN ROOFTOP - DAY 3
text: DISTANT POV down to the street as TWO CARS pull up. Bob
text: gets out of one, walks to the rear, opens the trunk --
scene_heading: 4 EXT. TEHRAN STREET - DAY 4
text: The trunk SLAMS. Bob carries a worn ATTACHE CASE. The
text: Amiris get out of their car, oblivious Shiite party boys.
text: Bob walks, happy. Dour MEN at cafe tables miss nothing.
scene_heading: 5 INT. KEBAB SHOP - DAY 5
text: Corrugated metal shutters CLOSE, sealing out the light.
text: Arash ushers Bob through the gloom toward TWO MILITARY
text: CASES. Bob expertly flips one over and opens it.
text: Inside: A STINGER MISSILE, neatly disassembled. He finds
text: the serial number: 3j16w4921.
text: A SMILEY FACE is scratched into the metal of the Stinger.
text: Bob tries to activate the Stinger. It's dead. Arash and
text: his brother perspire. Bob is perspiring.
text: Bob thinks he hears faint MOUTH BREATHING from behind the
text: curtain closing off the rear of the shop.
text: Bob opens HIS ATTACHE CASE. He removes a pouch. The pouch
text: holds a battery. The battery has a serial number.
text: Bob finds: 3j16w4921. A perfect match. He removes the
text: dead battery and replaces it with the live battery. He
text: activates the missile. It works. Everyone is relieved.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: 5 CONTINUED: 5
text: Bob moves to THE NEXT MILITARY CASE. He replaces the next
text: battery and activates the second missile.
text: Arash and his brother share a celebratory glance. Arash
text: suddenly takes ONE CASE and drags it through the curtain.
text: Bob hears LOW VOICES. He turns questioningly to Arash's
text: brother who just stares and smiles like an idiot.
text: Then Arash reappears, passing by Bob.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You said they were both for you.
text: Arash tosses an envelope at Bob --
speaker_heading: ARASH AMIRI
dialog: What do you care?
text: Bob glances in the envelope. Behind him, the Amiris are
text: picking up the other case. Bob moves toward the curtain.
text: IN THE BACK OF THE SHOP Bob's eyes adjust. Several robed
text: shapes, ghosts in grey light, carry the case out a door.
text: The BARREL OF A GUN touches the side of Bob's head. The
text: SOUND of a SHELL CHAMBERED and a MOUTH BREATHER.
text: Bob raises his hands. The barrel slides around to his
text: forehead and Bob is staring into the blue eyes of
text: MOHAMMED SHEIK AGIZA, 40's, bearded, and calm.
speaker_heading: BOB (FARSI)
dialog: I was looking for the bathroom.
text: MSA seems remarkably serene, then he screams in Arabic.
speaker_heading: BOB (FARSI) (CONT'D)
dialog: You don't speak Farsi, do you, you
dialog: son of a goat?
text: MSA screams again, tightening his finger on the trigger,
text: then he backs out the door, never losing aim on Bob.
scene_heading: 6 EXT. TEHRAN ROOFTOP - DAY 6
text: The HIGH POV down to the street. The Amiris exit the
text: kebab shop carrying the REMAINING MILITARY CASE.
text: CAMERA ADJUSTS to incorporate SOMEONE'S HAND on the
text: rooftop. And next to it, a remote-control TRIGGER DEVICE.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4
scene_heading: 7 EXT. TEHRAN STREET - DAY 7
text: As the Amiris carry the case toward their car, Bob
text: appears in the doorway and heads up the street toward us.
text: Behind Bob, in the distance, the Amiris get into the car.
text: Bob glances up at the roof and NODS ONCE, continuing to
dialog: walk toward camera as --
text: The car EXPLODES. Bob walks on as if nothing happened.
scene_heading: 8 INT. TEHRAN CAFE - DAY 8
text: Tight on the game of Asteroids. The version from the
text: 70's. Black and white triangle "spaceship" spinning,
text: shooting white dots at drifting "rocks," breaking them
text: up, only to create more rocks.
text: A hand rapidly hits the firing button. ROBBY BAER, 16,
text: concentrates, hits hyper space, smiles, remembers he has
text: a retainer, hides his smile.
text: He glances over at a cafe table where Bob and MARGARET
text: BAER, 40's, frank and guarded in a way that is
dialog: compelling, are having morning coffee. We realize that
text: all around them are IRANIANS, that a crowd is massing in
text: the street outside, and that Bob clearly doesn't want to
dialog: have this conversation.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: If you go back you get promoted.
dialog: Which could open doors later. For
dialog: consulting.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Those people back there don't know
dialog: what's going on. They don't wanna
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Have you thought about college?
dialog: Has that made it onto the radar
dialog: screen?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: And it's not like anybody else
dialog: could roll in here. It's not like
dialog: it's just reading reports.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: I took Pakistan because of the
dialog: hardship pay. The private school
speaker_heading: TUITION --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: 8 CONTINUED: 8
text: Bob's expression, not unkind, but familiar to her, says
dialog: he knows exactly why she took Pakistan.
speaker_heading: MARGARET (CONT'D)
dialog: I believe in what I'm doing, too.
text: They look at each other.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Well, then here we are.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Here we are.
text: In the street it's turning into a full-blown protest.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Let's say, somehow, I get a Branch
dialog: or even a Group, then what? Will
dialog: you come? Will you bring Robby?
text: Now, Margaret looks away. A STUDENT-LEADER is up on a
text: platform brandishing a Coke bottle, SHOUTING in Farsi
text: into a bullhorn.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: What's he saying?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: He's against the ban on Coca-Cola.
dialog: He says you have to fix your soul,
dialog: which is not something you can put
text: on a soft-drink.
text: We see the faces of the protesters, silently staring,
text: their mouths covered by black tape.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 9 INT. WOODMAN HOUSE - MORNING 9
text: At a kitchen table, RILEY, almost 3, puts his hand in a
text: bowl of dry Cheerios, squishes it around, then throws a
text: handful on the floor.
speaker_heading: BRYAN (O.S.)
dialog: You are a Cheerio dissemination
dialog: device. Yes, you are --
text: Pull back to find his father, BRYAN WOODMAN, American,
text: late 20's, in a shirt and tie. Blonde and blue-eyed like
text: a modern T.E. Lawrence, he's lost in the child, sharing
dialog: his sense of wonder.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 6
speaker_heading: 9 CONTINUED: 9
speaker_heading: JULIE (O.S.)
dialog: Don't let him do that, please.
text: His wife, JULIE WOODMAN, 28, sleepy American, very fit in
text: sweats, cooks bacon at an older range. They have the
dialog: worst house in the best neighborhood and have yet to
dialog: properly furnish it.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: . An evolutionarily perfect
dialog: machine for the spreading of
dialog: imported Cheerios to all corners
dialog: of the kitchen.
text: The toddler smiles at him. Julie puts four plates down.
text: They both notice the empty place setting. Just then, a
text: golden boy, MAX, 6, enters the kitchen.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Mommy, I want bacon.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: You have bacon.
text: Max sits at the table.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I want real bacon.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: You have real bacon, only it's
dialog: made from soy beans.
text: Max looks at his plate.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I want pig bacon.
scene_heading: 10 EXT. GENEVA WATERFRONT - DAY 10
text: Bryan drives a BMW wagon along Lake Geneva, the fountain
text: spouting into the sky. A kite is wedged upside down in
dialog: the foot well.
scene_heading: SUPERTITLE: GENEVA, SWITZERLAND
text: On every building signs advertise watch companies.
scene_heading: 11 INT. MINI TV STUDIO - DAY 11
text: A brightly-lit Bryan listens to an ear-piece in front of
text: a Colombe Suisse de Banque banner.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: 11 CONTINUED: 11
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Our position is that there is at
dialog: least twelve dollars of
dialog: instability premium in the market.
dialog: Protests in Iran. Threat of more
dialog: strikes in Venezuela. The Turks
dialog: still making noise about Russian
text: crude through the Bosphorus.
speaker_heading: (LISTENS AGAIN)
dialog: You're welcome, Rebecca.
scene_heading: 12 INT. COLOMBE SUISSE DE BANQUE - GENEVA - DAY 12
text: Across the small trading floor, Bryan is sealed off in a
text: mini TV studio, then the lights switch off and Bryan
dialog: leaves the booth --
text: TIGHTER ON Bryan as he walks past TRADERS staring into
dialog: computers while talking into phones --
speaker_heading: TRADER (O.S.)
dialog: Long and strong on demand numbers,
dialog: protests in Iran and, what else is
dialog: new, the Vens are threatening
dialog: strike. Place is en fuego --
speaker_heading: TRADER #2 (O.S.)
dialog: People want it warmer, colder,
dialog: they leave their TV's on when they
dialog: drive to the video store. Twelve
dialog: bucks of premium --
text: VINCENT, 30's, depressed, handsome French trader in a
text: beautiful suit, working two phones, sees Bryan --
speaker_heading: VINCENT
speaker_heading: HEY --
text: Bryan waves him off, keeps walking.
speaker_heading: VINCENT (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Market's on its way up. Just
dialog: thought you should know.
speaker_heading: (TAKES CALL)
dialog: Done. Yep. Bring him in now. Tell
dialog: him he's done and bring him in.
dialog: (yelling to Bryan)
dialog: Woodman, I need you --
text: Vincent sees Bryan disappear into his office, door
text: shutting behind him. A small sign reads: RESEARCH.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 8
scene_heading: 13 INT. BRYAN'S OFFICE - DAY 13
text: Soundproofed office. Peaceful. Diplomas. Three TVs play:
text: CNN; a black and white image of a pinched OLD MAN; army
text: tanks rolling through Iraq in night vision. Bryan is on
text: the phone. We hear a THREE YEAR-OLD VOICE --
speaker_heading: RILEY (OVER PHONE)
dialog: Hello, Daddy. I'm playing. That's
dialog: my job. Playing.
text: ON BRYAN'S DESK, mounds of research, books, reports,
text: numbers. In the phone Bryan can hear Julie laughing.
speaker_heading: BRYAN (INTO PHONE)
dialog: That's a very good job to have.
speaker_heading: JULIE (OVER PHONE)
dialog: Tell Daddy you love him.
text: An abrupt three year-old HANG-UP. Bryan looks up and sees
text: HIS BRITISH BOSS holding a FANCY INVITATION.
speaker_heading: BOSS
dialog: The Emir's summer party. In
dialog: Marbella. Any interest?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: (re: his piled desk)
dialog: I can't. I've got all this --
speaker_heading: BOSS
dialog: I'm not really asking.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: It's Max's birthday. We've got
dialog: stuff all weekend.
text: Vincent sticks his head in the door --
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: September T-I ticked up fifteen
dialog: cents and is rebounding. Where's
dialog: the next resistance level?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Read my report --
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (noticing the invite)
dialog: The Emir's party; I'll take that.
text: Vincent tries to snatch the invite.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 9
speaker_heading: 13 CONTINUED: 13
speaker_heading: BOSS
dialog: Through much finagling we have an
dialog: audience with the Emir. He wrote
dialog: the strategy and he's not slick.
speaker_heading: (TO BRYAN)
dialog: In fact, take your children with
dialog: you - a birthday weekend for Max.
dialog: The towelheads love children.
text: ON TV: JOHN D. ROCKEFELLER in a safari hat leads a group
text: in BAPTIST HYMNS on a croquet lawn while the tanks roll
dialog: through Baghdad.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 14 EXT. TUNDRA - KAZAKHSTAN - DAY 14
text: Tundra seen from the air in the ex-Soviet republic.
text: A giant ditch cuts the landscape. In the giant ditch is a
text: giant pipe leading to a ramshackle oil "facility" of
text: shipping containers scattered around a derrick.
scene_heading: 15 EXT. NEAR ATYRAU, KAZAKHSTAN - DAY 15
text: A herd of goats scamper out of the way of agiant
text: BULLDOZER with wheels as big as a house.
scene_heading: 16 SUPERTITLE: TENGIZ, KAZAKHSTAN 16
text: Marching music comes from a tin speaker on a wooden pole.
text: Animal pieces roast on a grill made from oil drums.
text: Oilmen cluster around makeshift wooden tables. BENNETT
text: HOLIDAY, 35, African-American, a clean-cut lawyer, maybe
text: horn rims, starting to grey, sits at a table with RUSSIAN
text: OIL EXECS. The LEADER eats ribs with tiny teeth.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Are you a director or executive of
dialog: this company?
text: The leader gnaws on a bone. Bennett points down to a mess
text: of contracts and legal papers in front of him.
speaker_heading: BENNETT (CONT'D)
dialog: Is this your fax number?
text: The leader speaks rapidly in RUSSIAN. Bennett is baffled.
text: Finally, an UNDERLING translates.
speaker_heading: UNDERLING
dialog: He says, we eat every part of the
dialog: pony!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: 16 CONTINUED: 16
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Ask him if he's been receiving
dialog: faxes'at this number? Ask him if
dialog: this is his phone number?
dialog: (to the leader)
dialog: Is this a number to reach you?
text: Again, the leader speaks in rapid Russian.
speaker_heading: UNDERLING
dialog: He says, the weather in Siberia is
dialog: very cold!
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: I'm asking you about this payment.
dialog: Who is this person on the account?
text: Bennett notices a Russian, OSKAR WERNER-TYPE, wearing
text: THICK-FRAMED GLASSES, smoking and staring at him. Another
text: RUSSIAN glances at the paperwork.
speaker_heading: UNDERLING
dialog: Bank is no more.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: I know bank is no more. I'm trying
dialog: to find out where the assets went.
text: The Russians nod to the MUSIC coming from the poles. Now
text: the leader speaks in surprisingly good English.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: This is marching music composed
dialog: for Stalin. Inspiring for workers.
text: The leader smiles at Bennett. It's a scary smile. The
text: THICK-FRAMED GLASSES GUY is still staring.
speaker_heading: LEADER (CONT'D)
dialog: The investment dollar that matters
dialog: is one that has army behind it. We
dialog: are very good friend of United
dialog: States. Who you want arguing for
dialog: you in The Hague? Argentina?
text: The leader spreads his arms expansively to take in the
text: miles of empty tundra around them.
speaker_heading: LEADER (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: (PROUDLY)
dialog: From right here we light and heat
dialog: Europe for next fifty years.
dialog: Killeen and Kazakhstan - partners
dialog: forever!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 16 CONTINUED: (2)
text: A distant shot of the small cluster of humanity in the
text: vast steppe, marching MUSIC drifting across it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 17 INT. CONNEX OIL BOARDROOM - DAY 17
speaker_heading: TOMMY (O.S.)
dialog: You're not taking this seriously.
dialog: You don't think this is a problem.
text: One wall is a map of the world except where there should
dialog: be jagged country boundaries are perfectly straight
text: resource lines. It's color coded: the world divided into
scene_heading: energy corporations: EXXON/MOBIL, BRITISH PETROLEUM,
scene_heading: SHELL, CONNEX, KILLEEN, TOTAL, GAZPROM, LUKOIL...
speaker_heading: TOMMY (O.S.) (CONT'D)
text: A U.S. Attorney is looking into
dialog: your relationships in Kazakhstan
dialog: and the U.S. Government is holding
dialog: up approval of our merger...
text: At one end of a long table in a corporate boardroom
text: President TOMMY BARTON, 50's, a hatchet-man of Zen-like
text: corporate efficiency, heads a group of EXECUTIVES. A
text: small placard labels this faction - CONNEX.
scene_heading: SUPERTITLE: CONNEX WORLD HEADQUARTERS - HOUSTON, TEXAS
speaker_heading: TOMMY (CONT'D)
dialog: The Board thinks it's a problem.
dialog: Mr. Janus certainly thinks it's a
speaker_heading: PROBLEM --
text: JAMES "JIMMY" POPE, 50's, a powerful presence leavened by
text: Connecticut minor chords, speaks from the far end where
text: an opposing faction is labeled: KILLEEN.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Is the Caspian a lake or a sea,
dialog: Thomas?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: That's an important legal point --
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Oh give me another lecture on
dialog: subsurface rights, Thomas.
text: Jimmy stands. He is imposing in a Lyndon Johnson visits
dialog: Congress sort of way.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 12
scene_heading: 17 CONTINUED: 17
speaker_heading: JIMMY (CONT'D)
dialog: If the Caspian is a sea, you can
dialog: make deals with the Stans, but if
dialog: it's a lake, then the rights are
dialog: shared equally by all countries,
dialog: including Iran. And by an act of
dialog: our Congress it is illegal to
dialog: trade with Iran, so we can't be in
dialog: business with any of those
dialog: countries, even though they have
dialog: oil and we sell it. This is our
dialog: business, Tommy, selling oil, not
dialog: finding it. Anyone can find it.
text: It's everywhere.
text: Jimmy motions out the window --
speaker_heading: JIMMY (CONT'D)
dialog: A monkey can stick a straw in the
text: ground, slurp it out and boil it,
dialog: right, Thomas? But you wanna make
dialog: it commercial, you wanna turn it
dialog: into a commodity, then you gotta
dialog: be able to move it and to move it,
dialog: you gotta have relationships.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Take The Gulf --
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: That's enough, Jimmy.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: No, I want to talk about The Gulf
dialog: and how a goddamn E-mir, what is
dialog: an E-mir anyway --
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: King. It's a king --
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: How some podunk King tossed you
dialog: out on your ass.
text: Jimmy pulls out a sharpie, walks to the Resource Map and
text: defaces it, drawing the outline of an actual country,
text: Kazakhstan, in Central Asia, home of the Tengiz Field.
speaker_heading: JIMMY (CONT'D)
dialog: Every company in the world wanted
dialog: into Kazakhstan, into the Tengiz,
dialog: but Killeen got it and then Connex
dialog: wanted Killeen and here we are. I
dialog: made investments. Investments that
dialog: will bear fruit for this company.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 13
scene_heading: 17 CONTINUED: ( 2) 17
speaker_heading: JIMMY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hell, Tommy, we've all got the
dialog: Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
dialog: committed to memory. I've got a
text: little copy taped to the wall of
dialog: my head... Up here.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Thank you, Jimmy. You know how
dialog: much we appreciate hearing your
dialog: point of view; however, Mr. Janus
dialog: and I have asked Connex's
dialog: Washington counsel, Sydney Hewitt,
dialog: to come down here and talk about
dialog: strategy for the next thirty days.
text: The eyes all shift to SYDNEY HEWITT,. 60's, Alabama smooth
text: accent and ever-so-certain.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: In a way I feel like Switzerland
dialog: and I'd like to remind everyone in
dialog: this room that they've signed
dialog: confidentiality agreements.
text: Polite LAUGHTER.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: And allow me to introduce my
dialog: associate, Bennett Holiday, who
dialog: will be, how should I put it,
dialog: building consensus day to day.
text: Bennett, the only African-American in the room, takes in
text: the faces now all staring at him. All the white faces.
scene_heading: 18 INT. PLANE - DAY 18
text: Business Class cabin. Bennett looks out the window. His
text: POV of clouds and farmland and the Mississippi River.
text: Sydney emerges from First with a scotch and sits.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: You just visited what someday soon
dialog: could be the most profitable
dialog: corporation in America.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Provided the government approves
dialog: the merger --
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: Provided we don't start running
dialog: cars on water. Provided there's
text: still chaos in the Middle-East.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: 18 CONTINUED: 18
speaker_heading: SYDNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: This ain't the SEC anymore, son,
dialog: and maybe you got a couple scalps
dialog: on your belt from your time over
dialog: there - Enron, World Com - but now
dialog: the job is find the problem, fix
dialog: the problem. And if you don't find
dialog: a problem, then there is no
dialog: problem.
text: Bennett notices that Sydney wears a Mickey Mouse watch.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: And WHEN the government approves
dialog: this merger it's gonna buy a lot
dialog: of houses out on the Vineyard,
dialog: maybe even yours, so, of course,
dialog: it's delicate all around. Who's
dialog: this U.S. Attorney, Donald Farish
dialog: the 3rd? What's his agenda? Who's
dialog: behind him? Is it a political
dialog: force? Another corporation? Is he
dialog: a glory boy making a name?
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: I know him. He taught a class of
dialog: mine at Georgetown Law.
text: Sydney knew this, of course. Sydney looks Bennett over,
text: then he chuckles, the effect of which is unsettling.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: Well, there you go, he taught a
dialog: class of yours at Georgetown Law.
dialog: Mr. .Whiting did say to me, I have
dialog: a feeling about this young man. He
dialog: said, he can position himself.
text: Sydney stands.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold these guys in a circle. Ask
dialog: the careful questions. I don't
dialog: need to tell you this is a hell of
dialog: an opportunity for you to catch
dialog: those peers who have spent, how
dialog: should I put it, less time on the
dialog: government dole.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: And get rid of that fancy watch,
dialog: it makes you look like a Jew.
text: Sydney disappears back up into first class, carefully
text: pulling the curtain in place behind him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 15
scene_heading: 19 EXT. NATURAL GAS LIQUEFACTION PLANT - THE GULF - DAY 19
text: Bright sunlight beside the Gulf. 200 foot tall loading
text: tanks with portraits of the Emir. This facility is under
text: construction by Pakistani and Filipino LABORERS.
text: ANGLE ON: SALEEM AHMED KHAN, 40, heavy set, with glasses,
text: and his son, WASIM, 17, tall, bright, wearing electric
text: blue jumpsuits while painting a brown handrail green.
text: A VAN stops beside their team and someone YELLS in Urdu.
scene_heading: 20 INT. VAN - DAY 20
text: They drive with OTHER WORKERS across the refinery.
scene_heading: 21 EXT. REFINERY - DAY 21
text: A huge sign in mandarin declares the project funded by
text: CHINA GAS AND ELECTRIC - the Chinese oil conglomerate.
scene_heading: SUPERTITLE: NATURAL GAS LIQUEFACTION PLANT - PERSIAN GULF
text: Chinese ENGINEERS in white have rounded up a group of
text: Pakistanis who stand together sweating in the extreme
text: heat, an image not much changed since Colonialism.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER (IN MANDARIN)
dialog: Your services are no longer needed
dialog: here at the China Gas and Electric
dialog: facility.
dialog: A PAKISTANI translates into Urdu for the-group. Find
dialog: Saleem and Wasim in the crowd --
speaker_heading: SALEEM (IN URDU)
dialog: What did they say? I can't hear.
speaker_heading: WASIM
dialog: They're letting us go.
speaker_heading: SALEEM
dialog: The whole group?
speaker_heading: WASIM
dialog: The whole group.
text: In the distance, the engineer is droning on.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 16
scene_heading: 21 CONTINUED: 21
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: We know you have worked hard and
dialog: wish to thank you for that hard
dialog: work with a small cash bonus which
dialog: you may collect on your way out of
dialog: the facility.
speaker_heading: SALEEM
dialog: What did he say? I can't hear. I
dialog: can't hear.
speaker_heading: WASIM
dialog: He's telling us to scram.
speaker_heading: SALEEM
dialog: Scram? What do you mean, scram?
text: ANGLE ON: The engineer pointing toward the exit of the
text: facility. He turns to another ENGINEER nearby.
speaker_heading: CHINESE ENGINEER
speaker_heading: (SOTTO)
dialog: Look at them standing there. Like
dialog: blue cows. Shit. Get them moving.
scene_heading: 22 EXT. LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS FACILITY, PERSIAN GULF - DAY 22
text: Wasim and Saleem cross the desert near the LNG facility.
speaker_heading: SALEEM
dialog: The Chinese are smart people, but
dialog: such bad drivers. They should not
dialog: be allowed even to wash cars.
text: Wasim doesn't say anything. They walk in silence. Then --
speaker_heading: SALEEM (CONT'D)
dialog: When I was your age, in Pakistan,
dialog: there was always in the distance--
speaker_heading: SALEEM/WASIM (SIMUL)
text: Snow covered mountains.
speaker_heading: SALEEM
dialog: That's right. Three hours away,
text: but right there, white across the
dialog: sky, like you could reach out and
text: touch them. Snow covered
dialog: mountains.
text: Ahead is transient worker housing. Wasim takes in
text: plywood fencing surrounding identical huts.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 17
scene_heading: 22 CONTINUED: 22
speaker_heading: SALEEM (CONT'D)
dialog: As soon as we can, we'll get a
dialog: real house and bring your mother
dialog: here. I promise.
text: Wasim just looks at his dad who puts his arm around him.
text: The refinery and power lines shimmer behind them.
scene_heading: 23 INT. FOREIGN WORKERS COMPOUND - PERSIAN GULF - DAY 23
text: Sterile, white trailers in neat rows with laundry hanging
text: out of windows. MEN wash at a communal shower.
text: Wasim begins stripping off his grimy uniform. Saleem
text: shouts to a few MEN batting a cricket ball around.
scene_heading: 24 EXT. POWER LINES IN DESERT - PERSIAN GULF - DAY 24
text: Massive POWER LINES drape from steel pyramid to steel
text: pyramid. A GROUP of TEENAGERS, including Wasim and
text: FAROOQ, 16, a self-styled leader, drink home-fermented
text: alcohol from a Styrofoam cup. They wear jeans, T-shirts,
text: caps. Ragged, unbathed, they're wasted.
text: Farooq takes a gulp, makes a face, swallows, SHOUTS --
speaker_heading: FAROOQ
dialog: Ow, ow, ow, ahhh --
text: He throws up. The KIDS laugh. He comes up composed --
speaker_heading: FAROOQ (CONT'D)
text: An announcement. An announcement.
dialog: If man is made in God's image,
dialog: then God is deeply messed up.
text: Farooq shoves the cup at Wasim. He tries to push it away.
speaker_heading: FAROOQ (CONT'D)
dialog: You afraid? Afraid of the buzz?
speaker_heading: WASIM
dialog: I'm afraid of your breath.
text: Wasim points at a silent kid hanging back from the group.
speaker_heading: WASIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Hakim hasn't had any. And Hakim
dialog: wears jewelry.
speaker_heading: FAROOQ
dialog: He thinks that little bracelet's
dialog: gonna get him girls.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 18
scene_heading: 24 CONTINUED: 24
text: They start chanting HAKIM, HAKIM, HAKIM in encouragement.
text: Hakim, sphynx-like, just looks at them.
speaker_heading: WASIM
dialog: (to another kid)
dialog: What's wrong with your brother,
dialog: anyway?
text: Hakim looks to his brother, then lifts up his shirt.
text: There is a recent scar where a kidney would be.
speaker_heading: FAROOQ
dialog: You can drink with one. You don't
dialog: need two.
speaker_heading: GROUP
text: HAKIM, HAKIM, HAKIM.
text: Hakim isn't sure.
speaker_heading: WASIM
speaker_heading: (TO FAROOQ)
dialog: I want to talk to your uncle about
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: GROUP
text: HAKIM, HAKIM, HAKIM.
speaker_heading: WASIM
dialog: Farooq. You have to introduce me.
speaker_heading: FAROOQ
dialog: There isn't any work. Quit
dialog: pestering me. Hakim, Hakim --
text: Finally, Hakim sips and holds his side. The boys' cheers
text: are thin and vulnerable in the immense desert.
text: In the distance a luxury car is parked. And U.S. Military
text: officers snap a picture - "Native Boys in Desert."
scene_heading: 25 EXT. BELTWAY - DAY 25
text: A line of commuter traffic from inside a car. Bob's eyes
text: appear in the rearview. He sits in traffic.
speaker_heading: FRANKS (V.0.)
dialog: Bob's freaking out about this
dialog: other missile. Where's the
dialog: missile? Who has the missile? He
dialog: wrote a memo.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 19
scene_heading: 26 INT. DIVISION CHIEF'S OFFICE - DAY 26
text: The DIVISION CHIEF, a woman in her 40's, patrician and
text: smooth, stares out of the glass box office toward the
text: trees. FRED FRANKS, 30's, a saltine dipped in milk,
speaker_heading: CONTINUES --
speaker_heading: FRANKS
dialog: .I just finished convincing the.
dialog: Brits and French Intel we had
dialog: nothing to do with the Amiri job.
dialog: Now what do we say: remember that
dialog: thing we had nothing to do with,
dialog: well, there's something missing.
text: The Division Chief finishes listening patiently.
speaker_heading: DIVISION CHIEF
dialog: Okay, here's something. Put him up
dialog: for a promotion. Bob's a good guy.
dialog: He saved our ass in Beirut in '85.
speaker_heading: FRANKS
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Great. Terry likes him. We'll get
text: him an audition downtown.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 27 EXT. BELTWAY - DAY 27
speaker_heading: DIVISION CHIEF (V.0.)
dialog: You'll get him an audition
speaker_heading: DOWNTOWN --
text: Bob exits into downtown D.C, the traffic lightening. He
text: goes through a tunnel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 28 INT. DIVISION CHIEF'S OFFICE - DAY 28
dialog: The idea of promoting Bob gains traction --
speaker_heading: FRANKS
dialog: Bob's a hero. They'll give him
dialog: something good. He is an Iran
dialog: expert.
speaker_heading: DIVISION CHIEF
dialog: Fred, Bob's never had a desk job,
dialog: never done nine-to-five. Can he
dialog: show up to work everyday? Can he
dialog: stay on message?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 20
scene_heading: 28 CONTINUED: 28
speaker_heading: FRANKS
dialog: Yes, absolutely. I'll prep him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 29 INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE SITUATION ROOM - WHITE HOUSE - DAY 29
text: Bob waits in a hard back chair. It's a spare, functional,
text: highly polished place. Marines like statues stand guard.
text: VOICES come from a partially open door across the hall.
speaker_heading: MARILYN (V.0.)
dialog: Imagine gasoline ten dollars a
text: gallon at the pump. Or heating oil
dialog: that costs twenty-five hundred a
dialog: month for a two-bedroom apartment.
dialog: If oil goes to a hundred a barrel,
text: the U.S. turns into a third-world
dialog: country. That is a fact.
speaker_heading: TERRY GEORGE (V.0.)
dialog: Do you have any analysis to back
dialog: up that fact?
scene_heading: SUPERTITLE: WASHINGTON, D.C.
speaker_heading: DISTINGUISHED VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: In the next fifteen years, The
text: North Sea and Alaska dry up. Two
dialog: million barrels a day to the U.S.
dialog: gone. That is a known fact.
scene_heading: 30 INT. SITUATION ROOM - WHITE HOUSE - DAY 30
text: The Deputies Meeting. A small room with recessed lighting
text: filled with the rung below the top-tier of Washington
text: bureaucracy. Navy STENO GUYS record the conversation.
speaker_heading: TERRY GEORGE
dialog: I need data supporting known
dialog: facts. Because what I know is that
dialog: in the entire region when we even
dialog: whisper our support, those people
dialog: are delegitimized.
text: TERRY GEORGE, 40's, Deputy CIA Chief, quite a good guy to
text: those in power, speaks to a DISTINGUISHED GENTLEMAN,
text: 60's. Through the partially open door, one third of Bob
text: is visible.
scene_heading: DISTINGUISHED GENTLEMAN
dialog: Iraq had no established ethnic
dialog: majority.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 21
scene_heading: 30 CONTINUED: 30
speaker_heading: DISTINGUISHED GENTLEMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It's like trying to organize
dialog: Louisiana. Iran, on the other
dialog: hand, is Persian --
text: The Deputy National Security Advisor, MARILYN RICHARDS,
text: 40's, sculpted hair, with the soul of a seventy year-old
dialog: white, Republican male, is in charge --
speaker_heading: MARILYN
dialog: There has been some good news
dialog: concerning Iran lately. Right,
dialog: Terry?
speaker_heading: TERRY GEORGE
dialog: For Iran, yes --
speaker_heading: MARILYN
dialog: The President is very interested
dialog: in Iran, Terry.
text: Marilyn takes in the presence of the DISTINGUISHED
text: GENTLEMEN sitting near her. Terry slides a file across
text: the table to her.
speaker_heading: TERRY GEORGE
dialog: I know that, Marilyn. In fact, we
dialog: just pulled one of our officers
dialog: out and I took the initiative to
dialog: ask him to come down here. He
dialog: infiltrated Hezbollah in Beirut in
dialog: the eighties, won himself some
dialog: nice medals. We're thinking about
text: giving him a station.
speaker_heading: MARILYN
dialog: Beirut in the eighties, is that a
dialog: resume builder?
text: Polite chuckles follow Terry George to the doorway.
scene_heading: 31 INT. OUTSIDE SITUATION ROOM - WHITE HOUSE - DAY 31
text: Terry George appears, crooks a finger. As Bob passes --
speaker_heading: TERRY GEORGE
dialog: Don't chomp down on any bait.
text: He looms over Bob, pointedly taps Bob's files --
speaker_heading: TERRY GEORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: We're fine. Iran is fine. Fine.
scene_heading: 32 INT. SITUATION ROOM - WHITE HOUSE - DAY 32
text: Bob sweats slightly as he plows on, reading from notes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: 32 CONTINUED: 32
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: And our analysis seems to be
dialog: on the mark... And we're getting
dialog: good satellite coverage.
text: Bob is clearly working from a script. Terry George is
text: pleased and gives Bob the slightest of approving nods.
speaker_heading: BOB (CONT'D)
dialog: And we're reprogramming resources
dialog: into Iran. Our next review will
dialog: show that ---
speaker_heading: MARILYN
dialog: Thank you for coming over, Mr.
dialog: Baer. Welcome back and forgive me
dialog: if I wade right in, but forgetting
dialog: for a second your bureaucratic
dialog: checklist, I'm trying to get
dialog: undigested information, so if you
dialog: could give me a reading of the
dialog: temperature over there?
text: Bob glances at Terry. Exasperated, Marilyn continues.
speaker_heading: MARILYN (CONT'D)
dialog: India is now our ally. Russia is
dialog: our ally. Even China will be an
dialog: ally. Everybody between Morocco
dialog: and Pakistan is the problem.
dialog: Failed states and failed
dialog: economies, but Iran is a natural
dialog: cultural ally of the U.S. The
dialog: Persians do not want to roll back
dialog: the clock to the 8th century. I
dialog: see students marching in the
dialog: streets. I hear Khatami making the
dialog: right sounds. And what I'd like to
dialog: know is if we keep embargoing them
dialog: on energy, then someday soon are
dialog: we going to get a nice, secular,
dialog: pro-Western, pro-business
dialog: government?
text: The steno guys type away. A long beat on Bob.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: It's possible. It's complicated.
speaker_heading: MARILYN
dialog: Of course it is, Mr. Baer. Thank
dialog: you for your time.
text: Bob looks to Terry who nods. Bob starts to leave.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: 32 CONTINUED: ( 2) 32
speaker_heading: MARILYN (CONT'D)
dialog: (sotto, to the room)
dialog: Intelligence is the misnomer of
dialog: the century.
text: Bob stops. He can't help himself --
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: They let young people march in the
dialog: street and then the next day shut
dialog: down fifty newspapers. They have a
text: few satellite dishes up on roofs,
dialog: let 'em have My Two Dads, but that
dialog: doesn't mean the Ayatollahs have
dialog: relinquished one iota of control
dialog: over that nation.
text: The steno guys hands are frozen.
scene_heading: DISTINGUISHED GENTLEMAN
dialog: Mr. Baer, the reform movement in
dialog: Iran is one of the President's
dialog: great hopes for the region and
dialog: crucial to the petroleum security
dialog: of the United States.
speaker_heading: TERRY GEORGE
speaker_heading: (A WARNING)
dialog: These gentlemen are with the CLI.
text: Bob has no idea what this is or whether he should answer.
scene_heading: DISTINGUISHED GENTLEMAN
dialog: The Committee for the Liberation
dialog: of Iran, Mr. Baer.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: We've had Iran in embargo for
dialog: almost thirty years, we backed
dialog: their neighbor, a neighbor we
dialog: invaded twice, in a ten year war
dialog: against them, we're hanging on by
text: a thread with a massive occupation
dialog: force, so I got news for you...
dialog: Thomas Jefferson just ain't that
dialog: popular over there right now.
text: Silence except for the steno guys clicking away, then
text: complete silence. Terry George stares at Bob a long beat.
speaker_heading: TERRY GEORGE
dialog: That will be all, Mr. Baer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 24
scene_heading: 33 EXT. CAPITOL HILL APARTMENT - MORNING 33
text: Bennett exits a cab, walks up the steps with an overnight
text: bag. A MAN, 60's, tough and well-preserved, in a dark
text: suit and tie, waits on the stoop with a folded paper.
speaker_heading: DANNY DALTON (V.0.)
text: I hear phrases thrown around like
dialog: "the corrupting influence of
dialog: money" or "the evil influence of
dialog: dollars in politics," when more
dialog: money was spent on the syndication
dialog: rights to Seinfeld than on the
dialog: whole of the last presidential
dialog: election.
text: Bennett just walks past him to open the door.
scene_heading: 34 INT. BENNETT'S APARTMENT - MORNING 34
text: A nice three bedroom that is part of the quiet
text: gentrification movement not yet reflected in the streets.
text: Cable news plays silently in the living room. There's a
text: goldfish in a small aquarium.
text: Through a door, Bennett and the man are in the kitchen.
scene_heading: 35 INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS 35
text: A SMALL TV: plays C-Span testimony on Campaign Finance
text: Reform. DANNY DALTON, 40's, an "oilman," testifies.
speaker_heading: DANNY DALTON
dialog: Last election cycle I spent three
dialog: hundred thousand. I got pictures
dialog: of myself with the President that
dialog: I use all over the world. People
dialog: don't know Danny Dalton, but they
dialog: know the President of the United
dialog: States and they see that I know
dialog: the President of the United
dialog: States...
text: Bennett has showered and changed. He makes coffee. The
text: man sits at a dinette. He lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: I'm not making this coffee for
dialog: you. I'm making it for me. You I'm
dialog: making oatmeal and then you sleep.
speaker_heading: BENNETT SENIOR
dialog: You look like shit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: 35 CONTINUED: 35
text: Bennett just stares for a moment. Bennett takes the
text: oatmeal off the stove, sets a bowl in front of the man
text: whose fingernails are black, whose dark suit is filthy.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Are you working?
speaker_heading: BENNETT SENIOR
dialog: I had a little trouble at work.
text: Bennett grabs his travel coffee and starts away --
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: There's some beer in the fridge
dialog: for after you wake up, so you
dialog: don't die on my floor of the DT's.
dialog: And no smoking in my house.
text: Bennett leaves the kitchen. The man yells after him.
speaker_heading: BENNETT SENIOR
dialog: I don't need your goddamn
dialog: hospitality.
text: The front door SLAMS. The man glances up at a photo of
dialog: Bennett Jr. at his Howard University graduation. And next
text: to it, the man, BENNETT SR., graduating 25 years earlier.
text: ON TV: old, white senators listening judiciously.
speaker_heading: DANNY DALTON (ON TV)
dialog: In our country we don't stuff
dialog: dollars into ballot boxes. What we
dialog: do is turn money into votes and
dialog: what turns money into votes is
dialog: free speech - the ability of a
dialog: candidate to get his message out -
dialog: and that takes money, real money,
dialog: meaning, not so loosely
text: translated: MONEY IS SPEECH! And
dialog: last time I checked, speech in the
dialog: USA is protected. You can't limit
dialog: my advocacy just because it works.
dialog: I have a sovereign, inalienable
dialog: right to petition my government.
text: Tilt up to find Bennett Senior, part of a six pack
text: dangling from two fingers, staring at a wall covered with
text: an intricate MATRIX of KILLEEN OIL's limited partnerships
dialog: and strategic alliances all over the world.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: 35 CONTINUED: (2) 35
speaker_heading: DANNY DALTON (CONT'D)
dialog: The money I gave the President is
dialog: the best investment I have ever
dialog: made in my business. Next election
dialog: cycle I plan to double it.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: And why is it some dirty little
dialog: secret that it's in America's
dialog: interest to do business overseas?
text: Bennett Sr. stares up at the wall. He pops a beer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 36 EXT. EMIR'S ESTATE - MARBELLA - DAY 36
text: Bryan and Julie and the kids arrive at the manicured
text: entrance of a vast, impressive estate, their rental wagon
text: anomalous among Bentleys and Rolls.
text: An Arab valet opens Julie's door. The kids are excited.
scene_heading: 37 EXT. GARDEN - DAY 37
text: A geometric sculpture garden. Giacomettis and Henry
text: Moores. A TV monitor plays video of gardens and flowers.
text: GUESTS cluster together. You could almost tag labels on
dialog: them: arms dealer, Ambassador, Minister of Trees.
text: Bryan and Julie and the kids wander into the party.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: .I'm probably the tenth guy this
dialog: month to pitch something like
dialog: this. It's like the Godfather.
dialog: Emir, I come to you on this
text: special day. Vincent is riding
dialog: motorcycles through Cambodia,
dialog: through land-mines. Some charity
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: That's guilt not charity. He's
dialog: Catholic and can't view himself as
dialog: a shallow model f.u.c.k.e.r, which
text: he is. And when war breaks out in
dialog: some energy producing country,
dialog: he's the first one into work.
text: Bryan looks at her.
speaker_heading: JULIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Honey... you're a man who supports
dialog: his family, not a boy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: 37 CONTINUED: 37
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I thought you like him. Vincent.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: I do, honey. For you, I like him
dialog: very much.
text: She takes his hand as they walk.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Please, attention please, your
dialog: host, his majesty, the Emir...
text: ON A TV MONITOR: the Emir, HAMAD AL-SUBAAI, 60's,
text: bearded, overweight, sitting in front of greenery, his
text: TWO SONS behind him, addresses his party guests.
speaker_heading: EMIR (ON TV)
dialog: It is my pleasure to personally
dialog: welcome each of you to the Casa De
dialog: Las Palmas, our oasis of palms in
dialog: the south of Spain.
scene_heading: 38 INT. EMIR'S PRIVATE OFFICE - DAY 38
text: The EMIR, his two sons, PRINCE MESHAL, late 20's, weak-
text: chinned, effeminate, with longish hair, and PRINCE NASIR,
text: 30's, handsome, with large expressive eyes, close-cropped
text: hair, powerful and serious, are across a table from
scene_heading: CHINESE OIL EXECUTIVES.
text: The Emir's PRERECORDED SPEECH drones on --
speaker_heading: EMIR (ON TV)
dialog: And symbolic of the affection of
dialog: my people for each of you. At nine
dialog: o'clock, we will have wonderful
dialog: music from the London
dialog: Philharmonic. Please eat and
dialog: socialize and enjoy.
text: The Emir ignores himself on TV and turns to business. He
text: recently had a stroke and was filmed from his good side.
speaker_heading: EMIR (CONT'D)
dialog: (a slight slurring)
dialog: I am happy to welcome the Chinese
dialog: to my country and optimistic you
dialog: will not be nearly as greedy as
dialog: the Americans.
text: Assiduous nods from the CHINESE oil executives as the
text: King's young Japanese SECRETARY slides contracts across.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 28
scene_heading: 39 EXT. POOL PAVILION - DAY 39
text: Bryan and Julie watch Max tentatively approach the pool.
text: Nearby, Riley has introduced himself to an Arab family.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Arabs are very family oriented, as
dialog: a people. Is that racist?
text: Max, a book-oriented, rather than water-oriented, child
text: is afraid to jump in.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
speaker_heading: (WATCHING-MAX)
dialog: Not if what you're saying is
dialog: positive.
text: A bigger BOY fakes like he might push him in. Bryan
text: starts to his feet --
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Don't. Let him work this out. It's
dialog: important for his autonomy.
text: Max finds his courage, jumps, and disappears beneath the
text: surface, then bobs up happily. Julie smiles.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Hedge strategies are tough for
dialog: these guys. Oil goes up the people
dialog: wonder why those extra billions
dialog: aren't in the treasury. Prices go
dialog: down, no one's thanking them for
dialog: saving a few bucks.
text: Julie looks at her husband to determine whether he's
text: testing his "pitch" or in need of encouragement.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Make a game of it. Pretend they're
dialog: six year-olds and you have to get
dialog: them to eat carrots and all they
dialog: want is dessert. Make it about
dialog: good parenting.
scene_heading: 40 INT. EMIR'S PRIVATE OFFICE - DUSK 40
speaker_heading: EMIR
text: The house is a Genius-Home. One of
dialog: my sons had it wired by experts
dialog: from the United States.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: 40
text: The Emir sort of wilts, fading out. Prince Meshal foists
text: a remote control on his father. The other son, Prince
text: Nasir observes his father and brother.
text: The Emir rouses. He presses a few buttons. The monitors
dialog: show the estate: lawn; squash court; guard house.
speaker_heading: PRINCE MESHAL
dialog: watch...
text: ON TV: the image of a rear guard house. Suddenly, the
text: gate slides back, stops, slides the other way.
scene_heading: CHINESE OIL EXECUTIVE
dialog: Your Highness, that is incredible.
dialog: (to Prince Nasir)
dialog: Prince Nasir, isn't that amazing?
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
speaker_heading: (DISMISSIVE)
text: Fascinating.
text: The Emir presses the remote. ON TV: seven swimming pools.
text: Meshal proudly shares the moment with his father.
speaker_heading: PRINCE MESHAL
dialog: Oh, look, it's getting dark,
dialog: better turn on the lights --
text: ON SIX OF SEVEN MONITORS: pool lights turn on, shimmering
text: turquoise. One pool remains dark.
text: The Emir notices the dark pool. He presses the device.
text: ON THE MONITOR: The lights go off. He presses again. Six
text: pools light up, but one is still dark.
text: The Emir ignores his son and speaks for the room.
speaker_heading: EMIR
dialog: Send a fool on a fool's errand.
text: Meshal frantically tries to make the pool light come on.
text: ON THE MONITOR: ONE IS STILL DARK --
scene_heading: 41 EXT. POOL SIDE - DUSK 41
text: CHILDREN SCREAM, shouting, playing tag in the crepuscular
text: light beside the dark pool. Max is among the children.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 30
scene_heading: 42 EXT. UNDER WATER - DARK POOL - DUSK 42
text: The SOUND of ELECTRICITY. We push toward a darkened pool
text: light. The cover is cracked and the light is filled with
text: water. Closer. Blue light arcs inside the cover. The
text: SOUND of ELECTRICITY is LOUDER.
scene_heading: 43 INT. EMIR'S ANTECHAMBER - NIGHT 43
dialog: Pictures of the Emir with Nixon, Carter, Ronald Reagan,
dialog: Poppy Bush, Clinton, Bush II.
text: TWO GULF BUSINESSMEN, reps of the Emir, appear and
text: address Bryan who is waiting.
speaker_heading: GULF BUSINESSMAN
dialog: We regret that His Highness will
dialog: be unable to see you. However, we
dialog: are authorized to hear your
dialog: proposition on his behalf.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Here?
text: They nod. Bryan looks around. It's awkward.
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, okay... The real worry
dialog: facing you guys is another year of
dialog: record pricing. There are no more
dialog: elephant fields. Not even in
dialog: Natural Gas. As structural
dialog: alternatives are more fully
dialog: realized you'll need a new
dialog: strategy to maximize every penny
dialog: from your existing resources,
dialog: particularly in a climate of
dialog: falling prices.
text: One businessman turns to the other --
speaker_heading: GULF BUSINESSMAN (ARABIC).
dialog: There are two kinds of people in
dialog: the world: those who control
dialog: subsurface mineral rights and
dialog: those who want to steal from them.
dialog: Bryan didn't understand a word.
scene_heading: 44 EXT. POOL - DUSK 44
text: The kids are organizing a game of "shark and minnows." An
dialog: OLDER KID explains to Max --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: 44 CONTINUED: 44
speaker_heading: OLDER KID
dialog: You're the shark and you try to
dialog: tag us as we swim across.
text: Max is uncertain, eyeing the dark water. From somewhere
text: distant the LONDON PHILHARMONIC begins to play.
speaker_heading: OLDER KID (CONT'D)
dialog: You jump in and count one, two,
dialog: three, then we all try to get to
text: the other side.
text: Max stares at the dark water. It's not inviting. Finally,
text: he jumps.
text: He hits the water and goes rigid, almost skittering
text: across the surface, flopping uncontrollably.
scene_heading: 45 EXT. ESTATE LAWN - NIGHT 45
text: Bryan walks back across the lawn when SCREAMS come from
text: the pool area ahead. Bryan hurries, then runs.
scene_heading: 46 EXT. POOL - NIGHT 46
text: The VOLTAGE is audible as Max rolls onto his back,
text: floating lifelessly. SECURITY prevent people from diving
text: in. A bystander yells --
speaker_heading: BYSTANDER
dialog: Cut the power! Cut the power!
text: Bryan enters the area. He sees Julie being restrained.
text: And a body in the water.
text: As the estate goes dark, Bryan dives and holds Max,
text: wading to the side with the lifeless body.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 47 EXT. DESOLATE OIL FIELD - DAY 47
text: A DONKEY TRAIN passes a DERRICK under a gathering sky. On
text: the back of ONE DONKEY the STINGER CRATE bounces along.
text: The donkeys move through the Antaean field as lightning
text: cuts the distant clouds.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 32
scene_heading: 48 EXT. RIVERFRONT - PERSIAN GULF - DAY 48
text: Freight boats and water taxis plow up and down a river,
text: back and forth, back and forth, as Wasim enters along a
text: wall in the foreground. He wears his best clothes and
text: looks freshly scrubbed as he picks his way along.
text: He ducks down an alley, stops. Nervous, he catches his
text: reflection in a shard of glass of a boarded-up window.
speaker_heading: WASIM
speaker_heading: (PRACTICING)
dialog: Abu Khalifa, thank you for this
dialog: opportunity. I am a hard worker. I
dialog: will not let you down.
scene_heading: 49 EXT. RIVERFRONT WAREHOUSE - DAY 49
text: A scraggly warehouse, the most basic of operations.
text: WORKERS carry goods in and out.
text: Wasim walks with ABU KHALIFA, 42, a gruff foreman.
speaker_heading: ABU KHALIFA (ARABIC)
dialog: Two of my wife's kids got deported
dialog: for not having work.
speaker_heading: WASIM
speaker_heading: (HALTING ARABIC)
dialog: You don't have to pay me. Let me
dialog: show you how hard I work. And then
dialog: decide whether to pay.
text: For a moment it seems like this offer may win the day.
speaker_heading: ABU KHALIFA
dialog: I'm sorry. I already have a long
dialog: list for that, too.
speaker_heading: (GRUFF AGAIN)
dialog: And if you want to work in this
dialog: country, learn how to speak the
dialog: language.
text: Wasim tries and fails to hide his disappointment.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 50 EXT. CEMETERY - DAY 50
text: A mound of dirt under a blanket. A small mound. An
text: Episcopal Minister saying something soundlessly.
text: The mourners are Bryan and Julie's age which means they
text: have small children. Mourners holding children.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED: 50
text: Bryan holds Riley and Julie stands beside them. Julie is
text: weeping. she notices Bryan is completely stone-faced.
text: Julie watches two BOYS chase each other through the
text: crowd, playing tag, stifling their laughter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 51 INT. TRAILER - FOREIGN WORKERS COMPOUND - DAY 51
text: Tight on JOHNNY and PONYBOY just before they run to catch
text: the boxcar in THE OUTSIDERS.
speaker_heading: BOY (O.S.)
dialog: Why are they running after him?
speaker_heading: WASIM (O.S.)
dialog: Maybe he has a knife or committed
dialog: a crime or something.
text: Wasim, Farooq, other men and boys watch a small TV in a
dialog: cheap trailer, housing for immigrant labor.
scene_heading: SUPERTITLE: FOREIGN WORKERS COMPOUND - PERSIAN GULF
text: wasim sits with Farooq watching the film. YUNUS, 6,
text: watches Wasim, his older brother, with reverence.
speaker_heading: FAROOQ
dialog: They gave us french fries at the
dialog: Madrassa.
text: Wasim's father, Saleem, enters with a few groceries.
speaker_heading: WASIM
dialog: Papa, close the door.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER FRIEND
dialog: His sister has a thing for you.
speaker_heading: WASIM
dialog: His sister has a big ass.
speaker_heading: (TO FAROOQ)
dialog: Of course, at the Madrassa you
dialog: don't have to worry about that.
speaker_heading: FAROOQ
dialog: And lamb. We got skewers of lamb.
speaker_heading: YUNUS
dialog: I like lamb.
text: The children's faces are lit by the TV'S glowing light.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: 52 (OMIT) 52
scene_heading: 53 EXT. GOVERNMENT PLAZA - DAY 53
text: Against a wall, YOUNG MEN are frisked by police who tap
text: their legs apart with batons. Above them a watchful
text: portrait of the Emir, in epic pose, astride a stallion.
text: A line of Pakistani and Filipino MEN winds out of a
text: building. People are paranoid. No jokes. Eyes darting.
text: As more MEN arrive, POLICE in riot gear watch them,
text: shouting in Arabic into a bullhorn.
text: Yunus watches Wasim and Saleem. He mimics how his brother
text: stands. An OLD MAN tries to talk to them.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Hot today. Can't remember the
dialog: streets this hot.
text: Saleem looks around, sees if anyone was listening, then
text: takes the old man's arm.
speaker_heading: SALEEM
dialog: You don't want to talk here.
text: Suddenly, a POLICEMAN shoves Saleem from behind. Saleem
text: turns to the officer, already apologizing, but Wasim
text: steps between them. The cop pushes Wasim with his baton.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Tough guy? Is that right, tough
dialog: guy? What's your name, tough guy?
text: Wasim doesn't say anything. Yunus watches his father and
text: brother. The cop pokes Wasim again with the stick --
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: WASIM
dialog: Johnny.
text: The policeman swiftly brings his club down on Wasim's
text: head, dropping him to his knees. other POLICEMEN close.
text: Saleem gets in the middle, but is beaten down. Wasim
text: tries to reach for Yunus who is SCREAMING and hitting at
text: the policeman's legs. A club comes down on Wasim's head --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 35
scene_heading: 54 EXT. PRINCETON UNIVERSITY - DAY 54
text: Perfect calm at a beautiful, rural Ivy League campus with
text: STUDENTS strolling between buildings.
scene_heading: 55 INT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - DAY 55
text: Tight on note cards of "conversational topics" and
text: reminders to be "natural." A perfect MOTHER and FATHER
text: coach their PERFECT NERVOUS DAUGHTER.
speaker_heading: NERVOUS DAUGHTER
dialog: I learned the value of diversity
dialog: in my time at the Model U.N.
text: And, across the rich leather and wood anteroom of a
text: Princeton admissions office, Bob and Robby also wait.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Maybe you'll get made Ambassador
dialog: to somewhere cool, like France or
dialog: Italy or Ghana. What's your dad
dialog: do? He's Ambassador to Ghana.
dialog: That's so cool. I know.
text: Bob looks over at his son like he doesn't really know who
text: this person is, which he doesn't.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: How's your mom?
speaker_heading: ROBBY
speaker_heading: (FORCED GAIETY)
dialog: Great! She's great'.
text: The Perfect Family glances over at them. After a beat --
speaker_heading: ROBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you know what mom's job is?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: she's a secretary.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: What did she do when you met her?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: She was a secretary.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Robby, are you nervous?
text: Indignant Robby speaks loudly for The Perfect Family --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: 55 CONTINUED: 55
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: I've been airlifted out of foreign
dialog: countries and I speak three
dialog: languages because I have to.
dialog: They'll feel sorry for me.
text: An ADMISSIONS OFFICER signals to Robby who disappears
text: through the door.
scene_heading: 56 INT. KEBAB RESTAURANT - DAY 56
text: A college dive restaurant. The workers are all Lebanese
text: immigrants. Bob and Robby eat at a small table.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: I know it's a year away but I'll
dialog: have to have a car. A decent car.
dialog: Nothing fancy, but it has to run.
dialog: So I can get into Boston and New
dialog: York. They have a great crew.
dialog: That's what they told me. I said,
dialog: crew of what? Ha, ha. They said,
dialog: rowing. So...if I want to row...
text: Bob quickly finishes a glass of cheap, white wine.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Robby, you know, I live... Where
dialog: do I live? Maryland. I live in
dialog: Maryland. Meaning you have
dialog: residency there. In Maryland. For
dialog: the University. Of Maryland.
text: Robby liberally uses the hot sauce. Two LEBANESE MEN at
text: another table nod in approval. Robby fires off Arabic.
speaker_heading: ROBBY (ARABIC)
dialog: Lebanese is like Vanilla. You want
dialog: hot, try Pakistan.
text: The men can't believe this kid speaks Arabic. Robby turns
text: back to Bob and says what's really on his mind.
speaker_heading: ROBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: I just want a normal senior year.
dialog: I want to live in a normal house.
dialog: I want Cinemax and prom. You know
dialog: what prom is like in Pakistan?
dialog: Prom sucks in Pakistan.
text: Bob looks at his kid with love, the real thing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: 56 CONTINUED: 56
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Robby, it's complicated. I may
dialog: have really screwed up at work.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I was supposed to keep my mouth
dialog: shut and didn't.
text: Robby is disappointed and angry.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: What does Mom do again that we
dialog: have to live in Islamabad?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: She's a secretary.
text: Robby turns back to the Arab men --
speaker_heading: ROBBY (ARABIC)
dialog: Both of my parents are
dialog: professional liars.
text: Bob and Robby are the only occidentals in the place.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 57 EXT. U.S. ATTORNEY'S OFFICE - D.C. - DAY 57
text: Bennett exits a cab in front of the Justice Department
text: building. The FBI looms just down the street.
scene_heading: 58 INT. DONALD FARISH'S OFFICE - DAY 58
dialog: DONALD FARISH III, 60's, longer hair than you would
text: expect, talks on his cell phone, feet kicked up on the
text: desk. Two Assistant U.S. ATTORNEYS stare at Bennett.
speaker_heading: FARISH (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Hey, how bad is it? Ouch. When a
dialog: Volvo dealer says that. Okay,
dialog: you're honorable decent guys.
text: Farish clicks off the cell phone, turns to Bennett.
speaker_heading: FARISH (CONT'D)
dialog: My wife and our narrow driveway.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: How the hell are you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: 58
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: You know, can't complain.
speaker_heading: FARISH
dialog: That's not good, kiddo. That's
dialog: suffering quietly. Married? Kids?
text: Bennett shakes his head. Farish looks him over like a
dialog: good diagnostician inspecting a patient. Then --
speaker_heading: FARISH (CONT'D)
dialog: There is no way a company like
dialog: Killeen pulled off a deal like
dialog: this without paying somebody off.
text: Bennett shrugs. Looks at the Assts. They don't smile.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Why don't you tell me what you
dialog: have so I can respond?
text: Farish looks at his guys. They all choke back laughs.
speaker_heading: FARISH
dialog: I used to think something was
dialog: wrong here. Now, I know
dialog: something's wrong here.
text: He stands, tall, imperious. Walks around his desk.
text: Perches on the edge, towering over Bennett.
speaker_heading: FARISH (CONT'D)
dialog: Either you don't find anything
dialog: because you don't know how to
dialog: look. Or you do and they carve you
dialog: out and light you on fire.
dialog: (to his guys)
dialog: That's gotta be the play, right?
text: Bennett doesn't say anything. Farish picks up a file,
dialog: scans it: Bennett's particulars therein.
speaker_heading: FARISH (CONT'D)
dialog: You're so under-qualified it's
dialog: laughable. Sydney Hewitt's new
dialog: boy. How many of those have I
dialog: seen? They're all gone; He's still
dialog: Sydney Fucking Hewitt.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: I guess you guys really have a
text: handle on the angles.
text: The U.S. Attorney team shares a moment at his expense.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: ( 2) 58
speaker_heading: FARISH
dialog: Let's talk about our old friend
dialog: the Holder Memoranda. In charging
dialog: a corporation or --
speaker_heading: BENNETT
text: Sentencing a company after a
dialog: guilty plea, cooperation will be
dialog: factored in, which includes waving
dialog: the privileges afforded their
dialog: attorneys.
speaker_heading: FARISH
speaker_heading: (DAWNING)
dialog: Right... I remember you now.
dialog: Strong A in Environmental Law.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: (to the Assistants)
dialog: He was an easy grader.
speaker_heading: FARISH
dialog: Not anymore.
scene_heading: 59 INT. SQUASH COURT - DAY 59
text: The SHARP SOUNDS of SQUASH. Looking through the opaque
text: square of Plexiglas in the door to a squash court, Sydney
text: and Bennett grunt and lunge and sweat.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: I took a bit of a temperature
text: reading. The other associates seem
dialog: to like you. That's not really a
dialog: good sign.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: I'm sorry, Sir.
text: HIGH ANGLE - down to the fishbowl aspect of the court.
text: Sydney has a very good serve. As they talk he wins three
text: points in a row, Bennett lunging at the spinning ball.
speaker_heading: BENNETT (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir, I don't want to get ahead of
dialog: myself, but Kazakhstan... You got
dialog: capitalists with a K --
dialog: Point.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: Six apiece.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: 59 CONTINUED: 59
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: You got banker gangsters,
dialog: gangster bankers. The Federal
dialog: prosecutor is a good man. Smart.
speaker_heading: HONEST --
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: Inherited a ton of dough --
dialog: Point.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Seven.- Six. Already got his mind
dialog: made up. Got his teeth in it like
text: a little terrier.
text: As Sydney is talking, he wins the point.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Eight - Six. Match point.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: I think they've got someone inside
dialog: the deal. Somebody they can
dialog: squeeze.,
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: Like an informant?
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Yes, Sir. Like an informant. Just
dialog: my feeling based on their
dialog: overconfidence.
dialog: Sydney aces Bennett.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: Match!
text: He turns and holds out his hand.
scene_heading: 60 INT. CLUB ROOM - DAY 60
text: The casual bar of a fancy, D.C. Men's Club. Very old
dialog: money. Lots of power. Membership includes one woman, one
text: Jew, and Vernon Jordan. Bennett and Sydney eat lunch.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: If people in oil deals talked to
dialog: U.S. Attorneys, there'd be no oil
dialog: business.
text: DEAN WHITING, 60's, congenial, but powerful in build, an
text: ex-marine, an insider for forty years, wanders over.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: 60 CONTINUED: 60
speaker_heading: SYDNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dean, you know Bennett Holiday.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Good to see you again, Sir.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: We've been discussing the Connex-
dialog: Killeen merger situation.
speaker_heading: WHITING
dialog: Will they get approval? Helluva
dialog: large company if they do. I mean,
dialog: client.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: I don't know, Sir. The Tengiz
dialog: field, Killeen's largest asset, is
text: being looked at pretty heavily by
text: the U.S. Attorney's office.
text: Sydney Hewitt nods to another club member. Bennett turns
text: to see DONALD FARISH III joining a far table.
speaker_heading: WHITING
dialog: Well, Bennett, as they say in the
dialog: bible, there are many, many ways
dialog: to light Europe.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 61 INT. BEDROOM - WOODMAN HOUSE - NIGHT 61
text: A light SWITCHES ON.
text: Bryan and Julie are both awake listening to Riley CRYING
text: down the hall. It's unnerving, but neither one moves
text: right away, perhaps hoping he'll fall back asleep.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: I wish I could just believe he's
text: floating around on a cloud or in
text: the corner watching us.
text: Julie wants Bryan to comfort her, but he doesn't.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: That minister eulogizing our child
dialog: made me sick. How do you eulogize
dialog: a child? He was great at playing.
dialog: He loved popsicles.
text: She rolls into him and he holds her, but he's staring at
text: the ceiling as the child's cries echo down the hallway.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 42
scene_heading: 62 INT. RILEY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 62
text: Bryan opens the door to his son's bedroom. Riley is
text: standing in his crib, crying inconsolably.
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: (his voice catching)
dialog: I want to look out the window.
text: He holds up his arms for his father who lifts him. They
text: walk to the window. Riley stops crying instantly, as
text: children will, and shimmies out of his dad's arms.
text: At the window, they stand together, silhouetted against
text: the dark night and distant street light.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 63 INT. CORRIDOR - DAY 63
text: Bob and Fred Franks walk down an institutional white
dialog: corridor.
speaker_heading: FRANKS
dialog: Nothing like the straight poop to
dialog: wake 'em up on the 7th floor. And
dialog: the Amiri brothers. Darn nice
dialog: work. Darn nice. How're you
dialog: finding everything? Must be a
dialog: little slow-paced, a little dull?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Intelligence work isn't training
dialog: seminars and little gold stars for
dialog: attendance.
speaker_heading: FRANKS
dialog: What do you think intelligence
dialog: work is, Bob?
text: They turn a corner which gives way to another
text: institutional white corridor.
speaker_heading: BOB
text: It's two people in a room and one
dialog: of them is asking a favor that's a
dialog: capital crime in every country on
text: earth. A hanging crime.
text: Another corner. Another white hallway.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: 63 CONTINUED: 63
speaker_heading: FRANKS
dialog: No, Bob. It's assessing the
dialog: information gathered from that
dialog: favor and balancing it against all
dialog: the other information gathered
dialog: from all the other favors.
text: Franks smiles. Opens a door to a white, windowless room.
scene_heading: 64 INT. WHITE, WINDOWLESS TASK FORCE ROOM - DAY 64
text: It's so white it's hard to see the lines of anything.
text: PEOPLE around a conference table. DIVISION CHIEF, a woman
text: in her 40's, patrician and smooth, at the head. Easels
dialog: with pictures: Prince Nasir, MSA - the Egyptian With Blue
text: Eyes. The EGYPT CHIEF is talking. Bob sits.
speaker_heading: DIVISION CHIEF
dialog: Welcome, Bob. Good news. We have
dialog: something for you, something we
dialog: think you'll like, that makes use
dialog: of your specific skill set.
scene_heading: EGYPT BUREAU CHIEF
dialog: . In the past he had been
dialog: harbored as a guest of the royal
dialog: family.
text: A photo of the dedication of a new Water Ministry
dialog: Administration Building. See Nasir and Meshal and, in the
text: background, the Egyptian with blue eyes.
speaker_heading: DIVISION CHIEF
speaker_heading: (ADDRESSING BOB)
dialog: You know this guy?
text: The Division Chief points to Prince Nasir on a street.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Prince Nasir Al-Subaai.
speaker_heading: FRANKS
dialog: His money's in a lot of dark
dialog: corners, paying for weapons that
dialog: could be used against the USA.
text: Franks slides Bob a thick file on Prince Nasir Al-Subaai.
speaker_heading: FRANKS (CONT'D)
text: Paperwork on the polygraphs. Wire
dialog: transfers to Qaeda fronts. Letters
text: instructing his Water Ministry to
dialog: employ Mohammed Sheik Agiza, the
dialog: guy who has your missile.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: 64 CONTINUED: 64
speaker_heading: DIVISION CHIEF
dialog: He's traveling to Beirut. You have
dialog: some experience in Beirut, don't
dialog: you, Bob?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: It's a great city.
text: Everybody chuckles.
speaker_heading: DIVISION CHIEF
dialog: This is a bad guy and we need him
dialog: off the table. Who knows, maybe
dialog: you'll even find your blue-eyed
dialog: Egyptian.
speaker_heading: FRANKS
dialog: I gotta get going a little early,
dialog: my daughter's soccer tournament.
text: The Division chief passes behind Bob's chair --
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Did you see my report on the
dialog: missile? I reset guidance to blow
text: ten feet off the ground --
speaker_heading: DIVISION CHIEF
dialog: Bob, you just don't get it. Nobody
dialog: wants to hear about a missing
dialog: missile, not right now. Besides,
dialog: the ragheads'll never be able to
dialog: figure out how it works.
text: She leans down, taps the Nasir file, whispers.
speaker_heading: DIVISION CHIEF (CONT'D)
dialog: This is top of The Director's
text: list. Hit a walk-off home run and
dialog: you'll get any desk you want.
scene_heading: 65 INT. T.J. O'TOOLE'S - DAY 65
text: Happy hour at a mall pub. Bob and STANLEY "STAN" GOFF,
text: 50's, moustache, glasses, windbreaker, ex-number three in
text: CIA, smarter than he looks, drink beer and watch TV.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: How's Margaret? Divorced yet?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: We're not getting divorced.
text: Stan looks at him like he's kidding himself.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: 65 CONTINUED: 65
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I'm telling you, Bobby my boy,
dialog: number three is the charm.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: What about this C.L.Z. - Committee
dialog: to Liberate Iran?
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Patriotic men donating their time,
dialog: whose only goals are the full
dialog: employment-and personal safety of
dialog: every American.
text: Bob glances sideways at him.
speaker_heading: STAN (CONT'D)
dialog: In that order.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: My goal was always to own a bar in
dialog: Macau, before Macau got ruined
dialog: like everywhere else.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: There's nowhere left in the world
dialog: to own a real bar, Bobby my boy,
dialog: but I'll tell you one thing, you
dialog: could quit right now, I'll get you
dialog: hired back tomorrow as a. private
dialog: consultant. You'll be doing the
dialog: exact same job, sitting in the
dialog: exact same office, only at double
dialog: the salary.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I'm not doing anything sitting in
dialog: that office. That's the problem.
dialog: (to the Bartender)
dialog: Bourbon rocks --
text: Bob glances up at the TV. ON TV: financial news, BRYAN
text: WOODMAN in front of the trading floor at his company.
speaker_heading: BRYAN (ON TV)
dialog: If on Monday Khatami refuses the
dialog: I.A.E.A. inspectors, look for
text: crude prices to spike yet again.
dialog: Push into the television --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 46
scene_heading: 66 INT. MINI-STUDIO - DAY 66
text: Bryan under the lights, listening. on closer inspection
text: he looks tired and his tie is loosened.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: It's not like it's any secret Iran
dialog: will refuse the snap inspections.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: okay. Thank you, Rebecca.
text: Bryan nods and the lights go off on Bryan. He stares --
speaker_heading: BOSS (O.S.)
dialog: Go home.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: It was a stupid question, Henry.
speaker_heading: VINCENT (O.S.)
text: The Prince's man called again.
speaker_heading: (DEFENSIVE)
dialog: I'm just telling him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 67 EXT. MALL PARKING LOT - NIGHT 67
text: Bob and Stan drunkenly exit T.J. O'Toole's into the
text: standard suburban mall parking lot. There is a bright
text: multiplex sign. FAMILIES and TEENAGERS stroll.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I like consulting. No, I love it.
dialog: Love it. And I'll say this for it,
dialog: private business is efficient.
dialog: There I said it. Fucking cliche.
dialog: And the CIA is like what, a thirty
dialog: billion a year business. so
dialog: anybody wants to sell anything, a
dialog: pencil, a computer, they gotta
dialog: interface through a security
dialog: clearance -- don't give me shit --
dialog: I got two kids in college and
dialog: we're doing our kitchen.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Stan, I got a chance to go back. I
dialog: want to go back. Is it safe for
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: 67 CONTINUED: 67
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: You talking about with your wife
dialog: or the wackos?
text: Bob doesn't say anything. He looks away.
speaker_heading: STAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Clear it with Hezbollah... shit,
dialog: I'm late to pick up Sue.
text: Stan hits his remote lock and leaves Bob standing there.
text: Wide shot of Bob alone in the mall lot gently sloping to
text: IKEA cobalt blue in the distance.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 68 EXT. CAMPFIRE - NIGHT 68
text: The bolt action of a gleaming hunting rifle. Danny D.,
dialog: the "oilman" whose Congressional testimony was broadcast
text: on CSPAN, sights a weapon.
speaker_heading: DANNY D.
dialog: Is the Caspian a lake or a sea?
speaker_heading: BENNETT
text: Sea. Caspian Sea. Like seashore.
speaker_heading: DANNY D.
dialog: Looks like Lake Michigan. Size of
text: Lake Michigan. The Red Sea opens
dialog: into the Indian Ocean --
text: Jimmy Pope and OTHER HUNTERS drink and clean thirty ought
text: sixes, their faces lit by firelight.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
text: Caspian's surrounded. Like a pond.
dialog: Caspian pond.
speaker_heading: DANNY D.
dialog: France and Russia want it to be a
dialog: pond, that's for damn sure. The
dialog: Caspian, I mean. In some court
text: somewhere right now.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Moot point, hopefully.
text: An animal carcass rotates on a spit over the fire.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: 68 CONTINUED: 68
speaker_heading: JIMMY
speaker_heading: (TO BENNETT)
dialog: Mr. Janus, Chairman of Connex, and
dialog: Dean Whiting, founding partner of
dialog: your firm, are proud members of
dialog: the Committee to Liberate Iran.
dialog: Danny D. here is, too.
speaker_heading: DANNY D.
dialog: D. is for Dalton. I was on the
dialog: other side of the Tengiz deal.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: The other side?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: El Presidente Nazerbayev's best
dialog: pal in the whole world.
speaker_heading: DANNY D.
dialog: It's a beautiful field. Goddamn,
dialog: is it a beautiful field.
text: Danny hands a clean, checked rifle to Bennett.
speaker_heading: DANNY D. (CONT'D)
dialog: I guarantee we'll let the air out
dialog: of some tomorrow.
scene_heading: 69 EXT. 777 RANCH - HONDO, TEXAS - DAY 69
text: A herd of zebra trots across a field and distant GUNSHOTS
dialog: crack through the pine forest. This is a private game
dialog: preserve, 10,000 acres of "conservation."
text: A large sign shows a buck in cross-hairs and `777 Ranch -
dialog: Experience Wildlife from Four Continents in Texas."
speaker_heading: DANNY D. (O.S.)
dialog: I believe in getting inside their
dialog: personal space. So it's you and
dialog: him and nothing else. That's
dialog: eighteen yards for a tiger or
dialog: rhino...
text: Bennett and Jimmy ride in the back of a "wagon," a
text: modified shooting platform pulled behind a Jeep.
speaker_heading:  JIMMY
dialog: Six billion barrels of oil, a
dialog: billion of natural gas liquid,
dialog: fourteen trillion cubic feet of
speaker_heading: GAS --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: 69 CONTINUED: 69
text: Danny D.'s conversation floats up from a lower platform.
speaker_heading: DANNY D. (O.S.)
dialog: Man, I mean to tell you, by the
dialog: end, you got blood of lions,
dialog: baboons, rhinos on your dungarees.
text: Bennett, wearing an orange vest over his casual clothes,
text: seems uneasy. Jimmy yells down to his friend.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: That's Kenya, Danny, not one of
dialog: these turkey shoots.
speaker_heading: DANNY D.
dialog: Bred animals kill, too, Jimmy.
text: Jimmy continues his thought to Bennett.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Fuck Connex. Fucking slant-
dialog: drillers. Don't know why I ever
dialog: sold 'em my company in the first
dialog: place. Here, take your pick.
text: He hands Bennett a thick catalogue.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CATALOGUE: Pages of animals you can shoot with
dialog: pictures and description.
dialog: ADDAX -- "this large African antelope is white with a
text: gray masked face. It's horns corkscrew up making multiple
text: twists in both sexes. Large males can weigh 275 lbs. Both
text: males and females make handsome trophies.
speaker_heading: JIMMY (CONT'D)
dialog: The Tengiz is the Holy Grail. You
dialog: get into that stream, nobody in
dialog: your family will ever have to
dialog: clean a toilet again.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: I have a feeling this U.S.
dialog: Attorney has a source.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Like somebody who didn't get into
text: Tengiz and is pissed off about it.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Any idea who that might be?
text: Jimmy looks at Bennett like he was just born.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: 69 CONTINUED: (2) 69
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: How 'bout every other oil company
dialog: in the world.
dialog: (re: the catalogue)
dialog: What's your fancy?
text: Bennett randomly picks an animal from the list.
speaker_heading: JIMMY (CONT'D)
dialog: The Kudu. Good choice.
dialog: (calling to driver)
dialog: Floyd. Kudu.
text: Bennett sees in the distance "Beater Boys," Mexican men
text: in orange jackets, flushing quail for a party of hunters.
speaker_heading: 70 (OMIT) 70
speaker_heading: 71 ANGLE LATER 71
text: IN THE DISTANCE a massive Kudu, tame as a house cat,
text: unafraid of guns or people, stands near a feeder.
speaker_heading: DANNY (O.S.)
speaker_heading: (WHISPERS)
dialog: Kudu. Big bull.
text: Bennett hesitates. Jimmy looks at him.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: I'm not sure --
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Jesus H. Christ. Kudu is rare. Get
dialog: that gun up.
text: Bennett lifts the rifle. THROUGH THE CROSS-HAIRS the Kudu
text: is gigantic and unaware of the hunters.
speaker_heading: DANNY D. (O.S.)
text: He's got 52 inch horns. Maybe 54.
text: The Kudu looks at Bennett. An uncomfortable beat --
speaker_heading: JIMMY (O.S.)
dialog: Come on, son. He won't wait all
dialog: day.
text: Finally Bennett PULLS THE TRIGGER. The gun is LOUD. He
text: stares, then slowly pulls back from the scope.
speaker_heading: DANNY D. (O.S.)
dialog: Lung shot. He's gonna run a bit.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 51
scene_heading: 72 EXT. THICKET - 777 RANCH - DAY 72
text: The sound of their feet - tromp, tromp, tromp - as Jimmy
text: and Bennett move through dense thicket looking for the
text: wounded animal.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: My granddaddy was a wildcatter.
dialog: Same with my daddy. That's how I
dialog: got my start. Luck and hard work.
dialog: Nobody handed me shit. Now, I got
dialog: libraries and parks named after
dialog: me. And I'll probably ruin the
dialog: grand-kids. You wearing a wire,
dialog: Bennett?
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Mind if I pat you down?
text: Jimmy checks for a recording device. He's clean.
speaker_heading: JIMMY (CONT'D)
dialog: We all tell ourselves little
dialog: stories, Bennett. Sometimes I'm
text: the flame burning in the Jefferson
dialog: Memorial. Other times I'm a guy
text: with his nose pressed up against
dialog: the windows of a whorehouse --
text: Suddenly there's a RUSTLING as a large animal passes
text: somewhere close. Bennett freezes. Jimmy looks at him.
speaker_heading: JIMMY (CONT'D)
dialog: Boar.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: This deal snapped the lights on in
text: the kitchen and the rodents all
dialog: scurried. Now you're standing
text: there under the lights trying to
dialog: point to where they all went.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Don't be the one caught out in the
dialog: kitchen.
text: Jimmy unslings his rifle and motions to where, obscured
text: in the thicket, a pair of intense dying eyes stares back.
speaker_heading: JIMMY (CONT'D)
dialog: What'd your daddy do, Bennett?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: 72 CONTINUED: 72
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: I don't know who my father is.
dialog: On Bennett as Jimmy FIRES --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 73 INT. TAXI - BEIRUT - DAY 73
text: Bob rides in a taxi through the streets of Beirut, a city
dialog: that was once the Paris of the Middle-East: dust, noise,
text: construction cranes, and knock-off designer clothes.
scene_heading: SUPERTITLE: BEIRUT, LEBANON
text: They turn off the wide airport road into a warren of
text: narrow streets. The cab stops and the driver turns --
speaker_heading: CABBIE
dialog: Southern Suburbs.
text: Bob happily waves him on. Streets narrow. People stare.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: How can you tell if you're talking
dialog: to a Shiite or a Sunni Muslim.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: If you feel like Shee-iteing your
dialog: pants you know.
text: The driver glances at Bob in the rearview.
text: OUTSIDE a MAN has a gun stuck in his waistband. Another
text: MAN on a roof has a rifle. A paranoid, guarded place.
text: They turn and suddenly a metal gate is across the road.
text: MEN pour out around the car. Flannel shirts, olive drab
text: army shirts, beards, no beards, guns in waistbands.
text: Bob's door is opened and he is yanked from the cab.
speaker_heading: BOB (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm here to see Said Hashimi.
text: They roughly frisk Bob.
speaker_heading: BOB (CONT'D)
dialog: Hashimi. Said Hashimi.
text: They take his pen, remove his belt, check his passport:
text: it's Canadian. Bob's picture. The name is SEYMOUR RISEN.
text: They check his license: the name is SEYMOUR RISEN.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: 73 CONTINUED: 73
text: Bob is pushed into another vehicle. Someone pulls bills
text: from Bob's wallet and flips them to the cabbie.
text: The gate rises. The car pulls away. The gate drops. The
text: cabbie is left standing there holding the bills.
scene_heading: 74 INT. ANTERIOR ROOM - HEZBOLLAH COMPLEX - DAY 74
text: 1970's Arab architecture. Large room. Wide doorway. Wide
text: hallway. Wide stairs. No direct sunlight or sight-lines.
text: LOCAL FARMERS, WORKERS wait. Flannel crosses to Olive
text: Drab. Both have guns in their waistbands. They talk
text: quietly, then laugh.
text: Bob sits on a low couch. Opaque glass separates two rooms
text: and shadows move behind it. SOMEONE offers Bob hot tea.
text: A door opens and a man signals for Bob, who gets up,
text: holding his pants.
scene_heading: 75 INT. HASHIMI'S ROOM - DAY 75
text: Dim light. An air-conditioner hums in the wall. SAID
text: HOSSEIN HASHIMI, 80's, Tolstoyan grey beard, turban,
text: rheumy eyes, the spiritual leader of the Hezbollah, sits
text: in a high-back chair in a corner.
text: Bob sits in a high-back chair near Hashimi. The young men
text: revere Hashimi and guard him carefully.
speaker_heading: SAID HASHIMI
dialog: I have a good feeling about
dialog: American people, Bob. A good
text: people. A welcoming people. There
dialog: are ten million Muslims in the
dialog: U.S. I have over 300,000 followers
dialog: in Detroit alone.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Thank you for this audience. I
dialog: have a business proposal for
dialog: Mussawi. One that benefits
dialog: everyone.
text: Hashimi nods magisterially.
speaker_heading: SAID HASHIMI
text: Mussawi is an energetic young man.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Your Arabic is very good.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED: 75
text: The power CUTS OUT. The air-conditioner SLOWLY DIES OUT.
text: It's near dark in the room. The guards move nervously
text: toward Bob and Said Hashimi.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I thought it would also be prudent
dialog: to say, I have no interest in
dialog: Hezbollah. This is business and it
dialog: doesn't concern Hezbollah.
text: In the distance a dog barks and chickens cluck. After a
text: beat, Hashimi turns his rheumy eyes on Bob.
speaker_heading: HASHIMI
dialog: If what you say is true, consider
dialog: yourself welcome in Lebanon.
text: The generator comes on with a distant WHIR. The lights
text: come on. A man crosses to the air-conditioner, reaches up
text: and trips the circuit breaker, bringing it back to life.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 76 INT. GROTTO - BEIRUT - DAY 76
dialog: An ancient grotto where the early Christians used to
text: hide, be discovered, and executed. A tourist attraction,
text: it's a cool, vast, dimly lit, subterranean space.
text: Bob reads a description of a stalactite formation. He is
text: alone, waiting for someone. The grotto ECHOES.
text: In the distance, TWO ARAB SCHOOL CHILDREN, playing with
text: the echoes, do a little dance step and rap out, in broken
dialog: English, a well-known American SONG.
speaker_heading: MUSSAWI
dialog: I gotta ask you one question. Amin
dialog: Shehab... car accident?
text: Bob turns to look at MUSSAWI, 30's, closely-shaved bullet
text: head, seemingly good-natured, a businessman, he speaks
text: English with a New Jersey accent.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Yeah, sure. Only one of them was
text: propelled by gas and the other by
dialog: C-4.
speaker_heading: MUSSAWI
dialog: The papers said heart attack.
text: Bob nods pleasantly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: 76 CONTINUED: 76
speaker_heading: BOB
text: He saw an engine coming at him at
dialog: 27,000 feet per second and his
dialog: heart stopped.
text: This settles a beat.
speaker_heading: MUSSAWI
dialog: Rumors of Bob, but never Bob. It
dialog: is Bob, right? What is it you tell
dialog: people you do these days, Bob?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I'm between State Department and
dialog: Defense.
text: Bob surreptitiously looks around to see if Mussawi is
text: alone. It's clear Bob makes him nervous as well.
speaker_heading: MUSSAWI
dialog: Just me, buddy, as requested.
text: Bob reaches inside his jacket. Mussawi reaches in his.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I'm getting some information,
dialog: Jimmy.
speaker_heading: MUSSAWI
dialog: My name is Mussawi.
text: Bob hands a picture to Mussawi.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Okay, Jimmy.
text: Mussawi glances down at the picture. It surprises him.
text: ANGLE on the picture of PRINCE NASIR crossing a street.
text: Bob has a small pad on which he scribbles a dollar
text: figure. Mussawi glances at the number. He's impressed.
speaker_heading: MUSSAWI
dialog: He's traveling to Beirut. It's
dialog: dangerous to travel. He'll
dialog: disappear.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I want you to drug him, put him in
text: the front of a car and run a truck
text: into it at fifty miles an hour.
speaker_heading: MUSSAWI
dialog: It's good to have you back in
dialog: town, Bob.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: 76 CONTINUED: ( 2) 76
text: Mussawi turns and walks away, singing some familiar song.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 77 EXT. CITY - PERSIAN GULF - DAY 77
text: Drifting above tall glass buildings. Construction cranes
dialog: everywhere.
scene_heading: 78 INT. SHANGRI-LA HOTEL ROOM - DAY 78
text: Tall glass buildings rise out of the white desert. Pan
text: and find Bryan Woodman staring out the window. He's on
text: his cell phone.
speaker_heading: BRYAN (INTO PHONE)
text: There's an arrow on the ceiling
text: pointing the direction of Mecca.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: The Bin Laden group air-
dialog: conditioned Mecca. One of their
dialog: big projects. They made billions
dialog: and billions.
text: No response on the phone.
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
text: Women are covered head-to-foot
text: walking five feet behind the men.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
text: It's humid. 125 degrees and humid.
dialog: I walked out of the airport and it
dialog: was like a wall fell on me. All
text: the Arabs in white sheets. It
dialog: says, it's hot and I don't have to
dialog: work. I'd like to see them play
dialog: baseball dressed like this.
text: He dwindles away. silence on the other end of the phone.
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Fine. I'm fine.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: No, I'm fine.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: How are you?
text: More silence. He looks down at the swimming pool of the
text: luxury hotel, a peaceful blue aberration in the
text: desiccated landscape.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 57
scene_heading: 79 INT. LOBBY - SHANGRI-LA HOTEL - DAY 79
text: Bryan stands alone under a vaulted atrium. An ARAB MAN in
text: white separates from a group and ushers him outside.
scene_heading: 80 EXT. DESERT DRIVE - DAY 80
text: Tapioca dunes drift away for miles. An Oryx nests with
text: two of its young. A Range Rover splits the dunes.
scene_heading: 81 EXT. NASIR'S DESERT HOUSE - DAY 81
text: On the deck of an elegant desert house composed mainly of
text: tents and sails a SUPPLICANT beseeches a favor from
text: Prince Nasir who reads a newspaper and watches TV.
speaker_heading: SUPPLICANT
dialog: Your generosity is bigger than a
dialog: mountain that shades us from the
dialog: burning sun. I humbly ask for my
dialog: citizenship expiry date to be
dialog: extended.
text: The Prince nods his assent. Across the deck Bryan sits
text: with the PRINCESS AL-SUBAAI, 30, a Westernized young
text: woman with dignity beyond her years.
text: They watch as Nasir is served coffee by SERVANTS who make
text: sure not to block his view of the financial news. The
text: supplicants stare at the Princess.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS AL-SUBAAI
dialog: They hate me being here, dressed
dialog: like this. My husband tells them,
dialog: she's a medical doctor, she'll
dialog: examine your children, but only
text: without a veil.
text: A SECRETARY checks a list and ushers another supplicant
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: SUPPLICANT #2
dialog: The money given for my children's
dialog: education was spent on farming and
dialog: camels, but your benevolence is
text: like the shade of palm trees in an
dialog: oasis.
text: Nasir nods then makes his way over. Bryan watches the
text: princess smile. Her husband kisses her cheek. Nasir sits.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
dialog: My father has ordered the Marbella
dialog: estate to be razed.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: 81 CONTINUED: 81
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR (CONT'D)
dialog: There will be a park. To lose a
dialog: first born son...
text: Nasir doesn't know what to say.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS AL-SUBAAI
dialog: We're very sorry for your loss.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
dialog: A house main was run in the wrong
dialog: place. The covering for the wiring
dialog: had deteriorated.
text: Bryan just stares at him.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR (CONT'D)
dialog: You're very angry. I understand.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: You can't possibly understand.
scene_heading: 82 EXT. DESERT RUINS - DAY 82
text: Tight on a falcon's face. Heat ripples across flat, white
text: desert. It's hallucinogenic.
speaker_heading: NASIR
dialog: An ancestor of mine owned this
dialog: bird's ancestor before Christ was
dialog: born.
text: The falcon catches an updraft and rises effortlessly.
speaker_heading: NASIR (CONT'D)
dialog: Six more North Field blocks will
dialog: be available for development. We
dialog: would like to offer your firm the
dialog: right to represent them.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Six blocks. Which phase?
speaker_heading: NASIR
dialog: Phase three.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
speaker_heading: (CALCULATING)
dialog: Twenty-seven, twenty-eight million
dialog: cubic meters per day. We'll be in
dialog: the stream for what, ten one
dialog: hundredths of a cent, which is,
dialog: roughly... Seventy-five million
dialog: dollars.
text: Nasir nods.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: 82 CONTINUED: 82
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Great. That's great. Seventy-five
dialog: million dollars...
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: How much for my other kid?
text: Prince Nasir stares at Bryan.
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: If I were your economic advisor
dialog: I'd tell you it's not the dumbest
dialog: thing you've ever done, but it'll
dialog: probably be the dumbest thing you
dialog: do today. Probably.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: But why would you need an economic
dialog: advisor? Twenty years ago you had
dialog: the highest GNP in the world and
dialog: now you're tied with Paraguay.
dialog: Your second biggest export is
text: second-hand goods. Followed by
dialog: dates on which you lose five cents
text: a pound.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: You want to know what the business
dialog: world thinks of you. They think a
dialog: hundred years ago you were
text: chopping each other's heads off in
dialog: the desert and that's exactly
dialog: where you'll be in another
dialog: hundred. So, yes, on behalf of my
dialog: firm, I accept your money...
speaker_heading: NASIR
dialog: Okay, fine. I'll have the money
dialog: forwarded to your firm
dialog: immediately.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: And I'll give you another hundred
dialog: million for the other kid.
text: They look at each other.
speaker_heading: NASIR (CONT'D)
dialog: OK. So now that you're my economic
dialog: advisor; tell me something I
dialog: haven't heard.
text: Bryan stares a beat, thinking.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Okay. You want an idea, here's an
dialog: idea.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: 82 CONTINUED: (2) 82
text: He draws in the sand: he draws Nasir's kingdom, the
dialog: Persian Gulf, Iran. Turkey. And Europe.
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Your kingdom is here. The North
dialog: Field is here. Europe is here.
dialog: Because of trade restrictions and
dialog: outdated alliances, you've been
dialog: selling your gas for peanuts,
text: loading it on ships, and waving as
text: it sails away.
dialog: (re: the stick)
dialog: But, pretend for a second this is
dialog: excess Iranian pipeline capacity.
text: He lays the stick across the circles in the sand like an
text: overland pipe running to Europe.
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Here is your route. Overland.
dialog: Through Iran. You commoditize it,
dialog: you control it, you take it right
text: to the front door of every home in
dialog: Europe. Your profit just went up
dialog: by a factor of three, possibly
dialog: four. I think that's a pretty good
dialog: idea.
text: Overhead the falcons spiral higher and higher, chasing.
text: each other in the sky. The rising MURMUR of AMENS --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 83 INT. SUBURBAN MEGA CHURCH - DAY 83
text: A cavernous mega church, a religious Wal-Mart with 8500
text: worshippers in stadium seating. REVERAND STEWART, 30's,
text: intelligent and sincere, wears a headset --
scene_heading: REVERAND STEWART
dialog: And when Jesus had been Baptized,
text: just as he came up from the water,
text: suddenly the heavens were opened
dialog: and he saw the Spirit of God
text: descending like a dove and
text: alighting on him. And a voice from
dialog: heaven said, "This is my Son, the
dialog: Beloved, with whom I am well
dialog: pleased." Let us pray: 0 God, open
dialog: our hearts to your word and open
dialog: your word to our hearts. Amen.
text: AMENS. Danny Dalton, his WIFE and CHILDREN sit in good
text: seats up front. Danny has a flag pin on his lapel.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: 83 CONTINUED: 83
speaker_heading: REVERAND STEWART (CONT'D)
dialog: This is the third in our four week
dialog: series on Luke 2:52. And Jesus
dialog: continued to grow in wisdom,
dialog: stature, and in the love of God
dialog: and those who knew him. The task
dialog: is NOT getting more of God, but
dialog: letting God get MORE of us.
text: High above the pulpit, dead center of the auditorium is a
text: giant American flag waving under the cross.
text: Slowly the MURMURING RISE of different PRAYERS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 84 INT. MOSQUE - PERSIAN GULF - DAY 84
text: A long narrow mosque packed with men kneeling shoulder to
text: shoulder CHANTING PRAYERS. Most of them are under thirty.
text: Their movements are unified and ecstatic.
speaker_heading: THE CLERIC (V.0.)
dialog: They will try to disguise the
dialog: difference, to make Muslims who
dialog: speak about religion appear to be
dialog: fanatics or backward people.
scene_heading: 85 INT. MADRASSA - DAY 85
text: Boys study at small desks. Boys chanting. Boys lined up.
text: Even smaller boys at smaller desks.
scene_heading: 86 INT. SMALL ROOM - MADRASSA - DAY 86
text: A circle of TEENAGERS, round-shouldered, melancholy,
text: including Farooq and Wasim, sit at a table eating lamb
text: and french fries.
speaker_heading: THE CLERIC (V.0.)
dialog: They will tell us the dispute is
dialog: over economic resources or
dialog: military domination and if we
dialog: believe that we play right into
dialog: their hands, with only ourselves
dialog: to blame.
text: There is a remarkable contrast between the setting at the
text: government barracks (sterile, poor) and the Mosque (warm,
text: rich). The teenagers wear serious expressions and
dialog: try/fail to be respectful as they gorge.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: 86 CONTINUED: 86
speaker_heading: THE CLERIC (CONT'D)
dialog: No. The divide between human
dialog: nature and modern life cannot be
dialog: bridged by free trade. No. It
dialog: cannot be cured with deregulation,
dialog: privatization, openness or lower
dialog: taxes. No.
text: THE CLERIC, 40, is a serene man whose beard and glasses
text: make him appear older than his age. Wasim watches as he
text: talks in hypnotic cadence, making eye contact with each
dialog: boy in turn.
speaker_heading: THE CLERIC (CONT'D)
dialog: The pain of living in the modern
dialog: world will never be solved by a
dialog: liberal society.
text: The Cleric's sympathetic gaze falls on Wasim who is
text: bruised with black eyes from his beating.
speaker_heading: THE CLERIC (CONT'D)
dialog: Liberal societies have failed.
dialog: Christian theology has failed. The
dialog: West has failed.
text: He serves more lamb and vegetables to Wasim's plate.
text: Wasim begins hungrily eating again.
scene_heading: 87 EXT. MADRASSA COMMUNAL FARM - DAY 87
text: Boys pull a plow in the fields. The sound of BEES.
speaker_heading: THE CLERIC (V.0.)
dialog: The divine and the worldly are but
dialog: a single concept and that concept
dialog: is Koran.
text: They walk past bee hives spaced across the desert. Farooq
text: and Wasim and two OTHERS are with him.
speaker_heading: THE CLERIC (CONT'D)
dialog: No separation of religion and
dialog: state - Koran. Instead of Kings
dialog: legislating and slaves obeying -
dialog: Koran.
text: They stand in a corn field growing in the desert. The
text: boys are impressed with themselves as only young,
dialog: uneducated men can be when discussing philosophy and
dialog: politics with a learned man.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: 87 CONTINUED: 87
speaker_heading: THE CLERIC (CONT'D)
text: The true confrontation is over
dialog: Islam. They must eradicate Islam
dialog: in order to rescue their own
dialog: doctrine from extinction. True
dialog: Islam will end up partial Islam.
dialog: And partial Islam cannot exist.
text: The cleric bends down to pull a weed.
speaker_heading: THE CLERIC (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you believe me when I tell you
dialog: this?
text: Wasim watches Farooq nod emphatically. They are full and
text: The Cleric seems to know everything in the world.
text: The Cleric surveys the boys with quiet exaltation, his
text: tenderness and compassion begins to affect Wasim.
speaker_heading: THE CLERIC (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, who would like sweets before
dialog: prayer?
speaker_heading: 88 (OMIT) 88
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 89 EXT. GOVERNMENT HALL - BEIRUT - DAY 89
text: A banner reads: UNION OF ARAB NATIONS - BEIRUT, LEBANON
text: Wide steps in a wide plaza. A CROWD watches as IMPORTANT
text: MEN, including Prince Nasir, sweep down the marble stairs
text: to microphones. The PRESS snaps photos.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
dialog: We begin the process of empowering
dialog: a new generation of Arabs with the
dialog: skills and training necessary to
dialog: succeed globally...
text: Bryan claps dutifully. But he's on the phone, the cord
text: dangling from ear to Blackberry which reads "work."
speaker_heading: BRYAN (INTO PHONE)
dialog: He invited me to come with him. I
dialog: think he thinks he's somekindof
dialog: reformer. He's got a nice jet.
dialog: Okay, very nice. Hold on a sec --
text: He glances at the Blackberry screen. Another call -- JULIE
text: HOME. He hits "IGNORE CALL."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: 89 CONTINUED: 89
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Julie's fine with it.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
dialog: our 13 point document is an
dialog: agreement on principles calling
dialog: for greater political freedom,
dialog: good governance and transparency,
dialog: advanced civil liberties and human
dialog: rights, women's rights, and
dialog: judicial reforms.
text: Bryan's phone vibrates again - JULIE HOME. He turns the
dialog: phone off.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR (CONT'D)
dialog: However, unlike Washington's
dialog: Greater Middle East Initiative, we
dialog: respect each country's right to
text: move at its own pace.
text: APPLAUSE. One leader after another solemnly shake hands
text: with Nasir as a photographer records the moment.
scene_heading: ANGLE - A WEATHERED MAN
text: In the crowd with a student's backpack at his feet.
text: PRINCE NASIR moves down the steps. Bryan and the rest of
text: his entourage join him heading toward black limousines.
text: WEATHERED MAN picks up his pack, moves around the crowd,
text: slips past a barrier.
speaker_heading: WEATHERED MAN (ARABIC)
dialog: (to Prince Nasir)
dialog: You are a good man. I want to
dialog: shake your hand.
text: The bodyguards and police start shouting in Arabic.
speaker_heading: GUARDS (ARABIC)
dialog: Stop. Don't move --
text: WEATHERED MAN wears a serious expression heading straight
text: for Nasir who turns and sees him --
speaker_heading: WEATHERED MAN (ARABIC)
dialog: You are good man. Like Sadat, you
dialog: will shake my hand. Good man.
text: The guards are SCREAMING. People start scattering --
text: The weathered man is reaching in his backpack --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: 89 CONTINUED: (2) 89
text: BODYGUARDS grab Nasir, hustling him toward a limo. Bryan
text: lunging after them --
text: The weathered man is tackled and pummeled.
text: The limos race away, sirens blaring, flags flying.
text: The weathered man is held and searched. They find pens
text: and pads. His spilled bag held books.
scene_heading: 90 INT. LIMOUSINE - DAY 90
text: Nasir and Bryan in a stretch with bodyguards as they race
text: away with sirens blaring and flags flying.
text: Bryan is pale. He watches Prince Nasir settle back into
text: his seat. An AIDE fires Arabic at him.
speaker_heading: AIDE (ARABIC)
dialog: Your highness, do you still want
dialog: to meet and greet?
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR (ARABIC)
dialog: Everything as scheduled.
text: Nasir looks out the window. He switches to English for
text: Bryan but is speaking more to himself.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR (CONT'D)
dialog: Respect the right to move at their
dialog: own pace. Respect the right to do
dialog: nothing is more like it. Except
dialog: condemn Israel and strengthen the
dialog: conservative religious movements.
scene_heading: 91 INT. ALBERGO LOBBY - DAY 91
text: Prince Nasir and his party enter the hotel and sweep
text: through the lobby. They approach the elevators. Bryan and
text: Prince Nasir and one bodyguard enter an elevator.
scene_heading: 92 INT. ELEVATOR - ALBERGO - DAY .92
text: The elevator TONES at another floor. The elevator stops,
text: the door opens and BOB stands there.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
dialog: American?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Canadian.
text: Nasir motions for them to squeeze together for Bob. The
text: gate closes. The lift creaks and begins to rise.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: 92 CONTINUED: 92
text: Nasir is looking at Bob.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
dialog: Don't see many Occidentals these
dialog: days.
text: Bob doesn't say anything.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR (CONT'D)
dialog: It's too bad.
text: Bob nods again. As the elevator moves higher more light
text: floods in through the wire mesh. Bob's eyes meet Nasir's.
scene_heading: 93 EXT. ROOFTOP GARDEN - ALBERGO - DAY 93
text: Prince Nasir, Bryan, and bodyguards sit with a larger
text: party across the rooftop garden.
text: Bob sits by himself eating a sandwich. From below there
text: is the distant THUMPING of a car stereo.
text: A little bird dances along the railing watching for
text: crumbs. All of Beirut is spread out below.
text: PUSH past the bird over the railing where seven floors
text: below a Toyota Land Cruiser pulls around the hotel.
scene_heading: 94 INT. ALBERGO LOBBY - DAY 94
text: An EMPLOYEE approaches another EMPLOYEE at the desk and
text: furtively pulls her away.
text: ANGLE THROUGH A DOOR to the front of the hotel, which is
text: now completely empty, except for the Toyota Land Cruiser
text: with dark tinted windows and five antennae. The stereo is
text: thumping some odd AMERICAN SONG.
scene_heading: 95 EXT. ROOFTOP GARDEN - DAY 95
text: Bob puts down bills for his check. The waiter is nowhere
text: to be seen. There's no one behind the bar. No one at the
dialog: waiter's station.
text: Bob glances over at Prince Nasir who is laughing at
dialog: something in the Wall Street Journal.
scene_heading: 96 INT. ALBERGO LOBBY - DAY 96
text: Shots of the empty lobby, someone DINGING the bell.
text: Everyone has disappeared.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 67
scene_heading: 97 INT. ALBERGO HALLWAY - DAY 97
text: Bob outside his hotel room door. The hallway is empty.
scene_heading: 98 INT. BOB'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY 98
text: Bob enters his room, chaining the door. He turns and
text: THREE MEN with guns are standing there.
text: He's slammed against the door. Duct tape around his
text: mouth, his arms taped back, his legs wrapped. A black
text: duffel bag goes over him, swallowing the light.
scene_heading: 99 EXT. LAND CRUISER - DAY 99
text: The duffle is heaved into the back of the Land Cruiser
text: with a THUD. The trunk gate is slammed --
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 100 EXT. SMALL WAREHOUSE - DAY 100
text: The doors of a UPS truck open. Boxes loaded on a dolly.
dialog: Follow the dolly into --
scene_heading: 101 INT. SMALL WAREHOUSE - DAY 101
text: A small warehouse. Roll past a few desks, some lamps. The
text: dolly stops. Tilt up to find --
text: Bennett finishing a file and starting another.
text: And beyond, a DOZEN PARALEGALS and the mountain of boxes
text: holding 1.3 million pages of documents.
text: Bennett's phone VIBRATES loudly. He checks the number.
scene_heading: 102 INT. BAR - DAY 102
text: Tight on a hand written "business" card that says, "If
dialog: you find me, call my son, Bennett Jr., at this number."
text: Bennett takes the card from a bartender and finds his
text: father slumped in the corner of a seedy bar.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 103 INT. BARE BULB APARTMENT - DAY 103
text: A rundown kitchen. The windows are sealed. In another
text: room three MEN eat lunch, sharing a two liter bottle of
text: Mecca Cola, gossiping in Arabic.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: 103 CONTINUED: 103
text: On a wooden table is a generator, a homemade shocking
text: device the size of masonry brick with a long wire to the
text: generator, and a thick pair of rubber gloves.
text: Bob is duct-taped tightly to a chair. His face is
text: battered. His mouth is cracked. He's severely dehydrated.
text: His hands and feet are dark purple and swollen.
text: A door opens. FOOTSTEPS. Mussawi's VOICE --
speaker_heading: MUSSAWI (O.S.)
dialog: Bob, what do you know about
dialog: torture methods used by the
dialog: Chinese on the Falun Gong? Number
dialog: one method? What's your guess?
dialog: Water dungeon? Did-you guess water
dialog: dungeon? Impractical here.
text: Bob's POV of Mussawi crossing to the generator. He uses
text: the hand crank, which makes a grinding SOUND.
speaker_heading: MUSSAWI (CONT'D)
dialog: Number two method? Number two:
text: twisting arm, putting face in
text: feces. Not interested in two.
dialog: Number three? Number three they
text: call pulling nails from fingers.
dialog: What do you think, Bob? Does
dialog: Number three sound good to you?
text: He lets go of the generator and picks up an evil-looking
text: pair of pliers the size of bolt-cutters. Bob's POV over
text: his own hands as Mussawi approaches.
speaker_heading: MUSSAWI (CONT'D)
dialog: The purpose is to get them to
dialog: recant their beliefs.
text: Mussawi circles behind Bob who tries to speak but his
text: throat is too dry. Other MEN hold the chair steady.
speaker_heading: MUSSAWI (CONT'D)
dialog: What if I had to get you to'
dialog: recant? That would be difficult,
dialog: right? Because if you have no
dialog: beliefs to recant, then what?
text: Bob wiggles his hands as if they could escape. SOMEONE
text: mashes Bob's right hand flat, splaying the fingers.
speaker_heading: MUSSAWI (CONT'D)
dialog: You're fucked is what.
text: The pliers fix on the nail of his pinkie.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: 103 CONTINUED: ( 2) 103
speaker_heading: MUSSAWI (CONT'D)
dialog: Bob, you're gonna give me the name
dialog: of every person who has taken
dialog: money from you.
text: Bob stares at him. Says nothing.
text: Slowly Mussawi pulls with the pliers. Bob's eyes half-
text: close. Mussawi jerks away. There's a fingernail in the
text: pliers. Mussawi retches.
speaker_heading: MUSSAWI (CONT'D)
dialog: Ugh. That's disgusting.
text: Bob is dazed. They throw water in his face.
speaker_heading: MUSSAWI (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, Bob. Help me out here.
text: As water drips down Bob's face he holds his tongue out
text: and drinks. His voice returns.
speaker_heading: BOB
speaker_heading: (RE: MSA)
dialog: Jimmy, you're not one of these
dialog: Koran thumpers.
text: The pliers attach to another nail.
speaker_heading: MUSSAWI
dialog: The name is Mussawi.
text: TIGHT ON the pliers and nail as, ever so slowly, it is
text: ripped from Bob's hand.
scene_heading: 104 ANGLE - LATER 104
text: BOB'S'POV - as his eyes open, water in them again, his
text: hands in the foreground -- ALL THE NAILS ARE GONE.
text: Mussawi leans in tight, furious.
speaker_heading: MUSSAWI
dialog: You fucking fuck, fucking fuck
dialog: stupid fuck, what the fuck. This
dialog: is war you fuck. You're a
dialog: P.O.fuckingW. Give me the fucking
dialog: names.
text: From Bob's POV Mussawi loses his shit. He starts
text: battering Bob, blood flying in ropes, the chair sliding
text: across the floor. The men watch without expression.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: 104 CONTINUED: 104
text: The force of a blow knocks the chair over and Bob's POV
text: is tilted against the floor. He hears his HEART and
text: ragged BREATH.
text: From this angle, he sees Mussawi cross to the table where
text: he picks up a handsaw.
speaker_heading: MUSSAWI (ARABIC) (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm cutting his fucking head off.
text: His feet approaching Bob. Then a door slamming open. And
text: more feet, sandaled, in jalabas.
text: Bob's POV of HASHIMI'S MEN entering the room. They SHOUT.
speaker_heading: HASHIMI'S MEN (ARABIC)
dialog: The said is very angry with you,
dialog: Mussawi. The Said keeps his word.
dialog: You're our guest, too, Mussawi.
scene_heading: 105 ANGLE -- LATER 105
text: An empty Mecca Cola plastic bottles and other refuse,
text: then Bob, freed from the tape, appearing to be dead.
text: His eye-lids flutter ever so slightly. He twitches. Jerks
text: into consciousness. His eyes fix on a postcard leaning
text: against a cola bottle.
text: His POV of the picture on the card: an orphanage with
text: Said Hashimi's picture inlaid. And, written on the card:
text: CONSIDER A DONATION ON YOUR WAY OUT OF BEIRUT.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 106 EXT. RIVERFRONT - PERSIAN GULF - DAY 106
scene_heading: THE STINGER CRATE
text: is passed from one ancient vessel to another as we slowly
text: pull back to reveal hundreds of boats in a beehive of
dialog: unregulated trade.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 107 A FUEL TRUCK 107
text: rolls up next to a private jet. The fuel begins to tick,
text: thousands of dollars spinning by on the pump.
text: Bryan and Prince Nasir and others pass by and climb the
dialog: steps to the plane -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 71
scene_heading: 108 A HOSPITAL ROOM 108
text: Bob in a six bed room. Nobody visiting. No cards or
text: flowers. His hands are bandaged.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: 109 A MASS OF BODIES 109
text: filling a street and intersection, thousands of Muslims
text: praying, genuflecting, as far as the eye can see.
text: Farooq and Wasim among the praying men. They genuflect --
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 110 INT. SMALL WAREHOUSE - NIGHT 110
text: Bennett sprawled over his desk, asleep. It's night.
dialog: There's no telling how long these guys have been here.
text: A paralegal, holding a piece of paper, wakes him.
speaker_heading: PARALEGAL
dialog: I found this. wire transfer.
text: Bennett snaps awake. He looks at the document.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Russian. I don't read Russian. Get
dialog: it translated.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Man, I was dreaming about
dialog: something good, too.
speaker_heading: 111 ANGLE - LATER 111
text: Bennett wanders over to the desk of another PARALEGAL. On
text: one side there's a big stack of a papers he's moving to
text: another stack. In the corner of the desk is a tiny stack.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: What are these?
speaker_heading: PARALEGAL #2
text: Orphans. Stuff that doesn't make
dialog: any sense.
text: Bennett idly fingers a piece of paper - a receipt.
speaker_heading: PARALEGAL #2 (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, that one's kind of
dialog: interesting. The Lily School.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: 111 CONTINUED: 111
speaker_heading: PARALEGAL #2 (CONT'D)
text: A boarding school in Switzerland.
dialog: Paid by wire transfer.
text: Bennett scans the paper, then turns to the room.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Everybody stop what you're doing.
text: They look up, bleary.
speaker_heading: BENNETT (CONT'D)
dialog: We're starting again. I want you
dialog: to ignore any document that
text: doesn't pertain to VIDAK LIMITED.
speaker_heading: V.I.D.A.K.
text: Everyone groans. Someone tosses a file in the air.
text: Bennett goes to his desk, looks up a number, dials the
text: number. A voice answers in RUSSIAN.
speaker_heading: BENNETT (INTO PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello... Hello. English?
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: Does anyone here speak Russian?
text: The paralegals just stare. Someone in the back shouts --
speaker_heading: PARALEGAL
dialog: Yeah... Fuck you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 112 EXT. THE SONG OF ROLAND - NIGHT 112
text: The fantail of Prince Meshal's yacht, SONG OF ROLAND, one
text: of many beautiful boats, anchored off Juan Les Pins.
text: A dinner party in progress. The tinkle of crystal and
text: music. Candles flicker. Glowing people.
scene_heading: 113 INT. PRIVATE SALON - NIGHT 113
text: Cognac swirls. A gold cigar cutter slices off the tip.
text: Dean Whiting, Meshal, and REZA BARHANI, a middle-man,
text: light expensive cigars in a book-lined study on the boat.
speaker_heading: REZA BARHANI
dialog: Capitalism cannot exist without
dialog: waste.
text: On the walls pictures of Meshal as a child with Reagan,
text: Qaddafi. As a teenager with Clinton, King Fahd,
dialog: Mitterrand, Chernomyrdin.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: 113 CONTINUED: 113
speaker_heading: REZA BARHANI (CONT'D)
dialog: We should write thank you notes to
dialog: Mr. Whiting and. the USA for
dialog: producing one quarter of the
dialog: world's garbage and one quarter of
dialog: the demand.
speaker_heading: WHITING
dialog: You're certainly welcome. Ha, ha.
dialog: Our pleasure, really.
text: Bonhomie galore. But Meshal is either wary or stupid or
text: both. Reza points to a glass case where a huge leather-
text: bound book is displayed.
speaker_heading: REZA BARHANI
dialog: Prince, that is a rare treasure.
speaker_heading: (TO WHITING)
dialog: The First Arab edition of Dr.
dialog: Johnson's dictionary.
text: Meshal stares. It's his, but means nothing to him.
speaker_heading: WHITING
dialog: Prince, is there anything we can
dialog: do for you?
text: The Prince thinks about this for a beat.
speaker_heading: PRINCE MESHAL
dialog: Americans are very happy to drill
dialog: holes in other people's countries.
speaker_heading: (TO WHITING)
dialog: I've heard of you. The cat's paw
dialog: of the Saudi Princes.
text: Whiting and Reza exchange a quick glance, but this is
dialog: what Dean Whiting lives for.
speaker_heading: WHITING
dialog: I know your brother, the foreign
dialog: minister. Very bright. I know your
text: father, too. He threw the second
dialog: creepiest party I've ever been to
dialog: in Washington. And from what I can
dialog: tell you could probably use a bit
dialog: of a cat's paw yourself. Second
text: born son so beaten down by his
dialog: family he can't even tell me what
dialog: he wants when he's asked straight
text: out, a grown-up baby who hates his
dialog: brother and maybe wants to be
dialog: king, maybe.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: 113 CONTINUED: ( 2) 113
speaker_heading: WHITING (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, Prince, are you a king? Can
dialog: you tell me what you want?
text: The Prince is at first taken aback, but then takes a beat
text: to consider the offer. Whiting and the Middle-man wait.
speaker_heading: PRINCE MESHAL
dialog: I do have one small dream, a
dialog: selfless dream. At my house I have
text: a perfect one-third replica of
dialog: Hyde Park. I have ducks and deck
text: chairs from the real Hyde Park.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: I wish for a monument to the
dialog: success of the moors in Europe in
dialog: the 8th century.
speaker_heading: REZA BARHANI
dialog: That already exists. It is called
dialog: the Alhambra.
speaker_heading: PRINCE MESHAL
dialog: A replica in my country to inspire
dialog: the people and a new Cordoba
text: Valley from which to view it. It
dialog: took the masters a hundred years,
dialog: but I believe we can do it in ten.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: By the way, do you know that my
dialog: brother does not believe in God?
text: Whiting sips his cognac and, considering the Prince, does
text: indeed look like a cat digesting a canary.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 114 EXT. MADRASSA CORNFIELD - DAY 114
text: Wind ripples across the leaves of corn. Wasim's hand
text: pulls weed grass. Farooq smiles mischievously.
scene_heading: 115 EXT. MADRASSA "YARD" - DAY 115
text: Wasim, Farooq play soccer. Farooq is a natural athlete.
speaker_heading: WASIM
dialog: The spider is a symbol of the sin
text: of man. He bites the finger of
text: Peter Parker who is now half dark
dialog: and half light.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: 115 CONTINUED: 115
speaker_heading: FAROOQ
text: A real spider captures, then
text: stings and immobilizes, then
text: watches as the prey takes days to
dialog: die.
speaker_heading: WASIM
dialog: They'd never show that.
text: Suddenly they stop. MOHAMMED SHEIK AGIZA, the blue-eyed
text: Egyptian, has been watching them. They are embarrassed.
speaker_heading: FAROOQ
dialog: Are we in trouble?
text: MSA smiles a patient, charismatic, spooky smile. They
dialog: already know each other.
scene_heading: MOHAMMED SHEIK AGIZA
dialog: Look around you at your family...
text: In an OPEN AIR CLASSROOM the Cleric leads young children
text: in recitation of the Koran. Boys walk to class. Boys plow
text: a field.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED SHEIK AGIZA (CONT'D)
dialog: Look around you at your brothers
dialog: united by faith in God Almighty
dialog: and submission to his law.
text: A bull sleeps in the shade.
speaker_heading: FAROOQ
dialog: Wasim is still a virgin.
text: Wasim lightly shoves Farooq.
scene_heading: MOHAMMED SHEIK AGIZA
dialog: That is good because fornication
dialog: is a serious crime.
speaker_heading: FAROOQ
dialog: I'm a virgin, too.
speaker_heading: (BY ROTE)
dialog: It is an attack on honor and shows
dialog: contempt for sanctity and
dialog: encourages profligacy in society.
text: The call to prayer SOUNDS across the Madrassa. They wash
dialog: before prayer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: 115 CONTINUED: (2) 115
scene_heading: MOHAMMED SHEIK AGIZA
dialog: When God Almighty has chosen us
dialog: for important work, we have no
dialog: choice but complete submission.
text: Spreading prayer mats on the ground where they stand,
text: they begin to pray. In the field, the boys pulling the
text: plows have begun to pray.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 116 EXT. CIA - SMOKING AREA - DAY 116
text: The Division chief enjoys a cigarette in a leafy
text: courtyard of the CIA office park.
text: Fred Franks hurries toward her. He stays upwind of the
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: FRANKS
dialog: We just received a dispatch from
text: Damascus, eight minutes old.
dialog: Mussawi's shopping a story that we
dialog: sent Bob to Beirut to assassinate
dialog: Prince Nasir.
text: The Division Chief drops her cigarette in a coffee can.
scene_heading: 117 INT. HIGH CORNER OFFICE CIA - DAY 117
text: Terry George looks up from papers on his desk. He's got
text: his hand over the phone, and he isn't happy.
speaker_heading: TERRY GEORGE
dialog: Can we get this guy? I mean now -
dialog: real time now.
speaker_heading: FRANKS
dialog: Mussawi?
speaker_heading: TERRY GEORGE
dialog: Yes. Mussawi.
speaker_heading: (INTO PHONE)
dialog: I'll call you back.
text: Terry hangs up the phone. The Division Chief and Franks
text: exchange a glance.
speaker_heading: DIVISION CHIEF
dialog: Practical answer is no. Not before
text: he goes into another mosque or
dialog: newspaper and this story gains
dialog: traction.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: 117 CONTINUED: 117
speaker_heading: TERRY GEORGE
dialog: He's got Bob's name?
speaker_heading: DIVISION CHIEF
dialog: Not his real name. But he's
dialog: shopping photos of them doing the
dialog: deal, long lens. Photos of Bob
text: being held. He's lucky he's alive.
speaker_heading: FRANKS
dialog: The whole contact was a set-up.
dialog: Mussawi apparently now works for
dialog: Iran. First, he tortures our guy,
text: then peddles the CIA connection.
text: This is not good at all. After a moment to think, he
text: spits this out, quickly:
speaker_heading: TERRY GEORGE
dialog: Put some air between us and Bob.
dialog: Bob has a long history of
dialog: entrepreneurial operations. We
dialog: haven't really had a handle on Bob
dialog: for years. After nine one one,
dialog: some people got too much leeway,
dialog: let their emotions get the best of
dialog: them. These are complex times.
dialog: There's already an active
dialog: investigation into Bob's actions
dialog: in, help me out here --
text: They begin to spin the line together.
speaker_heading: FRANKS
dialog: Tehran? The Amiri brothers job?
speaker_heading: TERRY GEORGE
dialog: .We're trying to find out who,
dialog: might have hired Bob for the Amiri
dialog: brothers job. Could the same
dialog: people be behind the Nasir job? A
dialog: lot of people seem to want this
dialog: Prince Nasir dead and Bob knows a
dialog: lot of people.
speaker_heading: (DONE)
dialog: Fill in the rest, send me
dialog: everything. Is that it?
dialog: Fred is impressed. You don't get to be Terry George
dialog: without some skills.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 78
scene_heading: 118 INT. HALLWAY - WALTER REED HOSPITAL - DAY 118
text: At the end of a depressing hallway, Bob sits in a chair,
text: his bandaged hands in front of him.
speaker_heading: CIA SECURITY OFFICER (O.S.)
dialog: You first established contact with
dialog: the Amiri brothers in 1998?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CIA SECURITY OFFICER (O.S.)
dialog: You met them at a party in the
dialog: South of France?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Yes.
text: Bob is framed by two, not-bright CIA SECURITY OFFICERS.
speaker_heading: CIA SECURITY OFFICER
dialog: Party given by Reza Barhani?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CIA OFFICER #2
dialog: Were you aware they were involved
dialog: in the illegal arms trade?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Of course I was aware. It's why I
dialog: went after them.
scene_heading: CIA SECURITY OFFICER #2
dialog: Were you aware these two men were
dialog: Iranian Intelligence Officers?
text: Bob can't believe the question.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: what do you think?
scene_heading: CIA SECURITY OFFICER #2
dialog: Mr. Baer. This is a diplomatic
text: incident. Two men were murdered.
dialog: We've been tasked with the Damage
dialog: Assessment.
speaker_heading: CIA SECURITY OFFICER
dialog: We'll need you to turn your
dialog: passport over to us.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: 118 CONTINUED: 118
scene_heading: CIA SECURITY OFFICER #2
dialog: Passports.
scene_heading: 119 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - WALTER REED - DAY 119
text: Bob in his bed. He stares out the window at a red brick
text: wall, a fragment of sky. He sees MARGARET in the doorway.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: In their helpful way they told me
dialog: you were at one of six places but
dialog: since you were a number and not a
dialog: name did I happen to have that
dialog: number. No. No is the answer to
dialog: whether I have your number.
text: She rests her hand on the railing of the bed. On the
text: verge, she looks away, then back again.
speaker_heading: MARGARET (CONT'D)
dialog: They wouldn't give me any
dialog: information. I didn't know how to
dialog: find you, what I'd find...
text: He pulls her close, careful of his bandaged hands.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I'm okay. I'm fine. Hey --
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (into his chest)
dialog: They wouldn't tell me a thing. Not
dialog: one thing.
text: He holds her. As she becomes aware of the bandages on his
text: hands, as her worry has been abating, anger has
text: ineluctably filled in behind.
speaker_heading: MARGARET (CONT'D)
dialog: Where were you, Bob?
text: He looks at her; he can't tell her the truth.
speaker_heading: MARGARET (CONT'D)
dialog: Were you back in Beirut?
text: He just stares. This is infuriating.
speaker_heading: MARGARET (CONT'D)
dialog: Bob, please tell me where you were
dialog: and tell me what happened. Please.
text: Bob motions for her to come closer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: 119 CONTINUED: 119
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I saw these Shiites selling an
dialog: Egyptian a missile. In Iran. I had
dialog: a feeling about this guy, a Sunni
dialog: nut-job, but I'm back here where I
dialog: got on the wrong side of Terry,
dialog: then an opportunity just happened
dialog: to come up involving someone I
dialog: worked with before, not a radical,
dialog: I mean, he went to Rutgers, only
dialog: now he flips, wants to cut my
dialog: goddamn head off. And now they got
dialog: me isolated away in here and they
dialog: send these suits around asking me
dialog: nonsense questions about bad
dialog: people who are no longer with us,
dialog: no longer with us on their goddamn
dialog: orders. So you tell me what
dialog: happened. You tell me, Margaret.
text: Margaret doesn't know what to say so she says nothing.
speaker_heading: CUT'TO:
scene_heading: 120 INT./EXT. GENEVA - DAY 120
text: Arabs strolling along the street. Nasir and hisfamily
text: shop in an expensive jewelry store.
scene_heading: 121 INT. HOTEL PRESIDENT WILSON - DAY 121
text: Arabs stare out windows at the rain. Doors are open.
text: People mingle. Smoke is in the air.
text: A young WOMAN walks by, holding the hand of a much older
text: MAN, laughing at something he's saying.
scene_heading: 122 INT. HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT 122
text: Bryan plays Monopoly with a group of young Arab MEN. They
text: are using real money. The "bank" is stacks of hundreds
text: and fifties and twenties. They smoke and drink. An Arab
text: youth moves the silver top hat.
speaker_heading: ARAB YOUTH
dialog: Shit. Park Place. Shit --
text: Park Place with hotels. Bryan holds Park Place. The Arab
text: Youth takes off his diamond encrusted Rolex and tosses it
text: toward the bank.
speaker_heading: ARAB YOUTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Where are you from in the States?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: 122 CONTINUED: 122
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: El Segundo.
dialog: No one has heard of it.
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It's near Los Angeles.
speaker_heading: ARAB YOUTH
dialog: Movie stars, convertibles?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: El Segundo is like Saudi Arabia
text: with a surf break.
text: They hoot and protest. They don't believe him.
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It's a desert town on an ocean
text: controlled by an oil company.
text: Tankers lined up offshore. There's
text: this smell in the air. They pass
text: out flyers to families moving in.
text: This town is a quiet town where
dialog: everyone works and our families
dialog: are happy. If you have a problem
dialog: with it or if you don't like the
dialog: smell, you can leave.
speaker_heading: ARAB YOUTH
dialog: If anyone works, it can't be Saudi
dialog: Arabia.
text: They all LAUGH LOUDLY, then the laughter fades as they
text: realize Julie and Riley are in the hotel room.
text: Julie eyes the money and the Asian girl in the corner.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: He wanted to say good night to his
dialog: father.
text: Riley goes over and stiffly gives Bryan a hug.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 123 INT. VENDING AREA - CIA - DAY 123
text: A vending machine HISSES filling a cup. Bob presses the
text: extra dark button, bandages on the tips of his fingers.
text: Bob looks over and sees people staring. They look away.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 82
scene_heading: 124 INT. DIVISION CHIEF ANTEROOM - CIA - DAY 124
text: Bob stands in front of an ASSISTANT'S desk.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
text: she's in a meeting.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: What about Fred?
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
text: He's in a meeting.
scene_heading: 125 INT. BOB'S OFFICE - DAY 125
text: Bob behind his desk. He turns to his computer.
text: ON THE SCREEN: CIA proprietary software. He brings up a
text: search for PRINCE NASIR AL-SUBAAI. He hesitates. Finally,
text: he hits return.
scene_heading: ON THE SCREEN: PRINCE NASIR AL-SUBAAI - BLACKTAPE FILE.
speaker_heading: ACCESS DENIED.
text: Bob carefully types with his damaged fingers.
scene_heading: ON THE SCREEN: HANDLING AGENTS FOR MUSSAWI. MUSSAWI -
scene_heading: BLACKTAPE. ACCESS DENIED. HANDLING AGENT - BLACKTAPE.
speaker_heading: ACCESS DENIED.
text: Bob takes a sip of coffee. The wall clock reads: 10:10.
scene_heading: ON THE SCREEN: MOHAMMED SHEIK AGIZA. BLACKTAPE FILE.
speaker_heading: ACCESS DENIED.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - LATER
text: Bob at'his desk. The clock reads: 10:40. He hears a
text: distant TONE. TONE, TONE, TONE. It's a computer POP-UP
text: TONE. And it's getting closer.
text: ANGLE - Through the glass boxes at distant offices.
text: WORKERS turn, check their computers, one after another.
text: TONE, TONE, TONE. Bob's computer TONES. He turns.
text: ON THE SCREEN: a pop-up box reading - THIS COMPUTER IS
text: BEING AUDITED BY THE INSPECTOR GENERAL STAFF.
scene_heading: 126 EXT. FRED FRANKS' NEIGHBORHOOD - EVENING 126
text: A middle-class suburban neighborhood so new the
text: landscaping is still tied to stakes. Half-built houses at
text: the ends of streets. Kids playing Wiffle-ball.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 83
scene_heading: 127 INT./EXT. DODGE K-CAR - DAY 127
text: Bob pulls up on the quiet street. He checks the rear-view
text: where a car with two MEN are following him. Bob pops a
text: book on tape in and waits. It's Anna Karenina in Farsi.
text: Fred Franks pulls into his driveway and gets out of the
text: car. His WIFE appears at the front door and his kids
text: gambol around -- exactly the tableau Bob has never had.
text: Fred doesn't see Bob until Bob is right on him.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Fred.
text: Fred turns and sees Bob, looks around uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: BOB (CONT'D)
dialog: What's going on, Fred?
speaker_heading: FRED FRANKS
dialog: (to his wife)
dialog: Honey, take the kids inside, would
dialog: you? I'll be in in a sec.
text: Bob and Fred watch the family go up the walk.
speaker_heading: FRED FRANKS (CONT'D)
dialog: Bob, FBI's got it. Nothing I can
dialog: do about it. You know that. It's a
text: criminal investigation. Two men
dialog: were killed.
text: This bureaucratic defense sends Bob over the edge --
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I was almost killed, Fred. My
dialog: hands were mutilated. And they're
dialog: asking me about the Amiri
dialog: brothers? About Tehran?
speaker_heading: FRED FRANKS
dialog: You gotta understand. This wrecks
dialog: careers. I shouldn't even be
dialog: talking to you.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I typed in Prince Nasir Al-Subai
dialog: and my computer gets seized.
speaker_heading: FRED FRANKS
dialog: I'm advising you to drop it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: 127 CONTINUED: 127
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Where did this Prince Nasir job
dialog: come from? Why was I tortured. Why
dialog: am I being investigated? Why was I
dialog: sent?
text: NEIGHBORS stare. Fred's kids look out the window.
speaker_heading: FRED FRANKS
dialog: Goodbye, Bob.
text: Lifting up to see Bob isolated in the grid of identical,
text: treeless houses.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 128 INT. MANDARIN HOTEL - BALLROOM C - DAY 128
text: The SECRETARY OF DEFENSE projected onto a giant screen.
scene_heading: SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (ON SCREEN)
dialog: In whatever lies ahead, the United
dialog: States will remain a friend to the
dialog: Iranian people...
text: A large ballroom at a Washington hotel. It's a lunch
text: meeting of the COMMITTEE TO LIBERATE IRAN packed with
text: Washington hawks - middle-aged white men in gray suits.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (CONT'D)
dialog: They have suffered years of brutal
dialog: repression, years of domestic
dialog: terror from their own rulers.
text: At the head table: Reza Barhani; Tommy Barton of CONNEX;
text: Reps of Halliburton, Bechtel, Danny Dalton, Dean Whiting.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (CONT'D)
dialog: A new regime would bring
dialog: deliverance for Iran. Iranian
dialog: resources are abundant, its
dialog: culture is rich, its citizens are
dialog: talented. And given a chance,
dialog: there is no limit to what the
dialog: Iranian people can achieve.
scene_heading: 129 INT. MANDARIN HALLWAY - DAY 129
text: On the other side of the doors, Bennett stands with THREE
scene_heading: HOTEL SECURITY GUARDS. The Secretary of Defense's VOICE
text: travels through the doors, muffled.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: 129 CONTINUED: 129
scene_heading: HOTEL SECURITY GUARD
dialog: You're not on the list. You don't
dialog: have a badge and you don't have a
dialog: wristband.
text: Bennett looks at the three guards. He pulls out a card
text: and scribbles ONE WORD on the back.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Take this to Sydney Hewitt. Now.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Please.
text: INSIDE THE ROOM the guard makes his way to Sydney Hewitt
text: and hands him the card.
scene_heading: SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
dialog: Their hopes are the same as all
dialog: people in every land: to lead
dialog: lives of dignity in a nation at
dialog: peace. And America will help them.
text: APPLAUSE as Sydney looks up sharply. At the head table:
text: Dean Crutcher, Reza, and Tommy clap along heartily.
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 130 INT. CONNEX BOARDROOM - DAY 130
text: Tommy, his PERSONAL LAWYER at his ear, --
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Not to my recollection --
text: Bennett and Sydney square off against Tommy, Jimmy, their
dialog: personal lawyers, one apiece.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Killeen Oil through Daniel Dalton
dialog: and PetroKa Energy Consultants
dialog: created assetless shell companies
dialog: owned by the heirs of President
dialog: Nazerbayev. This was. discussed...
dialog: (checks his notes)
dialog: At the Upstream Division Meeting
dialog: held in January of 2003 in Sun
dialog: Valley, Idaho?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I was at the meeting, but I don't
dialog: focus on those kinds of details.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: 130 CONTINUED: 130
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Wherein it was described that
dialog: Killeen bore all financial risk,
dialog: but President Nazerbayev's
dialog: children, while attending The Lily
dialog: School in Switzerland, were
dialog: entitled to all of the profits -
dialog: seventy million dollars.
text: Tommy's personal lawyer leans in and whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I attended the meeting but, as I
dialog: said, I don't focus on those kinds
dialog: of details.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Daniel Dalton Jr. and PetroKa
dialog: Energy Consultants --
scene_heading: TOMMY'S LAWYER
dialog: A firm retained by Killeen well
dialog: prior to Connex's involvement --
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Oh, fer Chrissakes, Tommy, we both
dialog: got letters from the Grand Jury,
dialog: it's not your own private little
dialog: pity party --
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: A good faith purchaser is in good
dialog: faith only if they didn't know
dialog: about the problems at the time of
dialog: the purchase --
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: This is the oil business we're
dialog: talking about, right?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: The lowliest little shareholder
dialog: knows we deal with some of the
dialog: most stank places on earth --
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: It is illegal to offer gifts,
dialog: money or the promise of money or
dialog: anything of value to influence
dialog: foreign officials --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: 130 CONTINUED: ( 2) 130
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Oh, is it? I have personally seen
dialog: a bill from this law firm to the
dialog: government of Saudi Arabia for 36
dialog: million dollars. A one line bill
dialog: for services rendered.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: The business of Whiting, Sloan is
dialog: not under discussion at this time.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Well, it oughta be. Danny's a good
dialog: man. He's a friend of mine.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 131 EXT. LAKE FRONT - GENEVA - DAY 131
text: The ARAB YOUTH exits the hotel and runs across the wide
text: waterfront square. He cuts for a lone figure sitting on
text: wall. He runs up to Bryan.
speaker_heading: ARAB YOUTH
dialog: They've sued the Emir on the Isle
dialog: of Jersey and frozen his money. He
dialog: was in Bulgari and his credit card
dialog: stopped working.
scene_heading: 132 INT. NASIR'S SUITE - DAY 132
text: Prince Nasir tosses a newspaper at Bryan --
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
dialog: Some people, cousins of mine
dialog: actually, sued my father in The
dialog: Commonwealth alleging that he
dialog: broke agreements to repay funds
dialog: transferred from the State.
text: Bryan follows Nasir. He glances at a photo of AGGRIEVED
text: ARABS leaving court with DEAN WHITING looking protective.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: A Mareva injunction?
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
dialog: Aggrieved Royals. Aggrieved about
dialog: what? That he tried to cut their
dialog: allowances from one hundred
dialog: thousand a month to eighty.
text: They pass wife, children, hangers-on. Room after room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: 132 CONTINUED: 132
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR (CONT'D)
dialog: There are 300 years of corrupt
dialog: layers in the middle-east and you
dialog: have to break the ice. There must
dialog: be structural changes. I tell
dialog: them, with just one of your boats
dialog: you could revolutionize Yemen,
dialog: build desalinization plants. The
dialog: man with the 200 foot boat needs a
text: 250 foot boat. The man with 250.
dialog: now needs 300.
text: They dead-end in a small office. The Emir's JAPANESE
text: SECRETARY half-rises.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR (ARABIC) (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to see my father.
text: The secretary shakes his head. Nasir is furious.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR (CONT'D)
dialog: My cousins aren't bright enough to
dialog: be anything but finger-puppets. My
dialog: brother has faith only in his own
dialog: cunning. Then again, what should I
dialog: expect, his mother was a whore.
dialog: And he's hired American lawyers.
speaker_heading: (TO BRYAN)
dialog: What do you suppose they are
dialog: thinking, my brother and these
dialog: American lawyers?
text: Bryan takes in the hangers-on in expensive suits peeking
text: from the doorway, the view to Lake Geneva. It's surreal.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: What are they thinking? They're
dialog: thinking we're running out. We're
dialog: running out and ninety percent of
dialog: what's left is in the Middle East.
dialog: So if you look at the whole
dialog: progression from Versailles,
dialog: through Suez, 1973, Gulf War One,
dialog: Gulf War II, it's really shaping
text: up as a fight to the death.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: 132 CONTINUED: (2) 132
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: so what they're thinking is keep
dialog: playing, keep buying your toys,
dialog: keep spending fifty thousand
dialog: dollars a night for your hotel
dialog: room, but don't invest in your
dialog: infrastructure, don't build a real
dialog: economy, so when you finally wake
dialog: up, they will have sucked you dry
dialog: and you will have squandered the
dialog: greatest natural resource in
dialog: history.
text: The Prince remains impassive. After a beat --
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
dialog: Come with me, please.
scene_heading: 133 INT. A QUIET ROOM - HOTEL SUITE - DAY 133
text: Nasir speaks privately with Bryan.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
dialog: I studied at Oxford. I have a PHD
dialog: from Georgetown. I want to create
dialog: a parliament. I want to give women
dialog: the right to vote. I want an
dialog: independent Judiciary. I want, to
dialog: start a new petroleum exchange in
dialog: the Middle-east and cut the
text: speculators out of the business.
dialog: why are the major oil exchanges in
dialog: New York and London anyway? I'll
dialog: put all of our energy up for
dialog: competitive bidding, I'll pipe
dialog: through Iran to Europe like you
dialog: proposed, I'll ship to China,
dialog: anything that achieves efficiency
dialog: and maximizes profits for my
dialog: people, profits which I'll then
dialog: use to rebuild my country.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: That's great, that's exactly what
dialog: you should do.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
dialog: Exactly, except your President
dialog: calls my father, says, I've got
dialog: unemployment in Texas, Kansas,
dialog: Washington State. One phone call
dialog: later we're stealing out of our
dialog: social programs to buy overpriced
dialog: airplanes. We owed the Americans,
dialog: but we've repaid that debt.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: 133 CONTINUED: 133
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR (CONT'D)
dialog: I accepted a Chinese bid, the
dialog: highest bid. And suddenly I'm a
dialog: terrorist. I'm a Godless
dialog: communist.
text: Nasir hopes takes the newspaper out of Bryan's hand.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR (CONT'D)
dialog: Dean Whiting.
text: Tight on: Dean Whiting with the aggrieved royals.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR (CONT'D)
dialog: Who represents not only these
dialog: aggrieved royals but also Connex
dialog: Oil. They're pressuring my father
dialog: to invalidate the Chinese
text: contracts. They underestimate him.
dialog: This is about his legacy to his
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 134 (OMIT) 134
scene_heading: 135 EXT. MADRASSA - DAY 135
text: Wasim sis studying, slowly, sounding out the words. He
text: writes crudely formed letters. He sees Farooq goofing
text: around with friends.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED SHEIK AGIZA (V.0.)
dialog: We are a small group, the ones who
dialog: carry convictions and ambitions.
dialog: And an even smaller group from
dialog: this group, are the ones who flee
dialog: from the worldly life in order to
dialog: spread and act upon these
dialog: ambitions.
text: Mohammed Sheik Agiza leads the boys through underbrush on
text: the communal farm. They approach a small farm shed.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED SHEIK AGIZA (CONT'D)
dialog: And an even smaller group from
dialog: this elite group are the ones who
dialog: sacrifice their souls and their
dialog: blood in order to bring victory to
dialog: these ambitions and principles.
scene_heading: 136 INT. FARM SHED -- DAY 136
text: MSA pulls mats aside revealing a hatch in the floor. He
text: opens the hatch. A STINGER MISSILE case is hidden below.
text: He drags out the case. They help him set it on a table.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: 136 CONTINUED: 136
scene_heading: MOHAMMED SHEIK AGIZA
dialog: So you are the cream of the cream
dialog: of the cream. It is possible for
dialog: us to achieve glory only by
dialog: traversing this path.
text: MSA opens the case and, as he shows off the Stinger, we
text: notice a SMILEY FACE scratched into the metal.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED SHEIK AGIZA (CONT'D)
dialog: American-made. Good quality, but
dialog: nearly impossible to hit anything.
text: MSA lifts out another device: a conical SHAPED CHARGE.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED SHEIK AGIZA (CONT'D)
dialog: By shaping the charge, this will
text: send a blast of molten copper
text: through thirty inches of steel.
text: The boys are wide-eyed. This is the coolest pocket-knife
dialog: they've ever seen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 137 INT. MULTIPLEX - MALL - DAY 137
text: DEATH FIST III! BROSNAN IS BOND! Bob walks past posters
text: in an air-conditioned theater lobby. A bored concession
text: stand WORKER ignores him.
speaker_heading: BOB (V.0.)
dialog: Stan, why did Mussawi double-cross
dialog: me? Why does no one care that a
dialog: Sunni radical named Mohammed Sheik
dialog: Agiza has our missile? And why did
text: they open a damage assessment on
dialog: the Amiris? And on me. For doing
dialog: my job?
scene_heading: 138 INT. THEATER - DAY 138
text: An empty matinee. Bob sits next to Stan Goff.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Questions two and three seem
dialog: obvious to me. Missiles are
dialog: everywhere. Christ, Casey gave 'em
dialog: out like party favors. This damage
dialog: assessment, well, let's just say
dialog: Nasir wasn't a home run. They're
text: worried. About fall-out.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: 138 CONTINUED: 138
speaker_heading: STAN (CONT'D)
dialog: They're worried you may want to
dialog: talk about it. But if you're
dialog: already under investigation?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: What about Mussawi?
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Mussawi's a soldier. He's just
dialog: like you.
text: Bob stares at Stan who continues.
speaker_heading: STAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe he found God. Maybe he was
dialog: having a bad day. Maybe Americans
dialog: shouldn't travel these days.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Did Prince Nasir hide Mohammed
dialog: Sheik Agiza in the Water Ministry?
dialog: Does he fund terrorist
dialog: organizations?
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Tell people what they want to hear
dialog: and they have a better chance of
dialog: believing you. People were paid to
text: lie, coached on their polygraphs.
dialog: Single sources spread through
dialog: different intelligence agencies
dialog: that don't communicate with each
dialog: other. You know how it's done.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Who's worried about the Nasir job?
dialog: Stan, who's worried about me
dialog: talking?
text: On the screen: a LOUD, ACTION BEAT. Stan leans over and
speaker_heading: WHISPERS --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 139 EXT. ENERGY DEPARTMENT - DAY 139
text: Hulking structures in concrete like Albert Speer's vision
text: of heaven as Danny D. rants at Bennett --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: 139 CONTINUED: 139
speaker_heading: DANNY D.
dialog: Some trust fund prosecutor, got
dialog: off-message at Brown, thinks he's
dialog: gonna run this up the flag pole,
dialog: make a name for himself, maybe get
dialog: elected some two-bit, no-name
dialog: congressman from nowhere, with the
dialog: result that Russia or China can
dialog: suddenly start having, at our
dialog: expense, all the advantages we
dialog: enjoy here. No, I tell you. No.
speaker_heading: (MINCING)
dialog: But, Danny, these are sovereign
dialog: nations... Sovereign nations! What
dialog: is a sovereign nation, but a
dialog: collective of greed run by one
dialog: individual. But, Danny, they're
text: codified by the U.N. charter.
text: Legitimized gangsterism on a
dialog: global basis that has no more
dialog: validity than an agreement between
dialog: the Crips and the Bloods!
text: Passing people shoot sidelong glances. A GROUP of men in
text: suits are clearly waiting for Danny D.
speaker_heading: DANNY D. (CONT'D)
dialog: Corruption charges. Corruption?
dialog: Corruption ain't nothing more than
dialog: government intrusion into market
dialog: efficiencies in the form of
dialog: regulation. That's Milton
dialog: Friedman. He got a goddamn Nobel
dialog: prize. We have laws against it
dialog: precisely so we can get away with
dialog: it. Corruption is our protection.
dialog: Corruption is what keeps us safe
dialog: and warm. Corruption is why you
dialog: and I are here in the white-hot
dialog: center of things instead of
dialog: fighting each other for scraps of
text: meat out there in the streets.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Corruption... is how we win.
text: Danny D. winds down. Finally --
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: You broke the law, Mr. Dalton.
speaker_heading: DANNY D.
dialog: Oh, who gives a shit!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: 139 CONTINUED: (2) 139
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: You have 37 million dollars hidden
dialog: away and the only question I can
dialog: see of any relevance is whether
dialog: you'll get to keep any of it.
text: The two men are tiny against the architecture, the
dialog: nation's capitol going on with it's day around them.
scene_heading: 140 EXT. CAPITOL HILL -- WASHINGTON, D.C. - DAY 140
text: Sydney approaches Bennett who eats his lunch outside the
dialog: law offices of whiting and Sloan.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: How'd it go? Think you'll get
dialog: invited on any more hunting trips?
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: He has kids. He's got a wife.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: He broke the law.
text: Sydney holds out a golden envelope to Bennett.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Janus himself wanted me to
dialog: extend an invitation to oilman of
dialog: the Year. He's being honored so it
dialog: should be a nice weekend. Relax.
dialog: Get a massage. Congratulations.
text: Perhaps the slightest flicker of distaste crosses
text: Bennett's face. On the reverse the Capitol Building is so
dialog: close you could reach out and touch it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 141 INT. EMIR'S SUITE - GENEVA - DAY 141
text: A vast hotel suite, SILENT until the Emir's electric
text: wheelchair rolls into sight.
text: He rolls across marble, through rooms, until he
text: approaches Prince Nasir and Prince Meshal. A long beat
text: before the Emir speaks in Arabic.
speaker_heading: EMIR
dialog: I am tired.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
speaker_heading: FATHER --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: 141 CONTINUED: 141
text: The Emir raises his hand. Nasir gets control of himself.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR (CONT'D)
dialog: Who will be Emir?
text: The Emir looks away, then back at Prince Nasir.
speaker_heading: EMIR
dialog: Your brother.
text: Prince Nasir looks from his father to brother and back.
speaker_heading: PRINCE MESHAL
dialog: I would ask you to remain as
dialog: Foreign Minister.
text: Prince Meshal sticks out his hand. Nasir ignores it and
text: speaks to his father.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
dialog: You cannot do this. He is barely
dialog: qualified to run a brothel much
dialog: less a country.
speaker_heading: EMIR
speaker_heading: (VAGUELY)
dialog: I like Europe, the precipitation.
dialog: I will be happy to stay here. My
dialog: decision is final and I ask you to
dialog: support your brother.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
dialog: I cannot do that.
scene_heading: 142 EXT. GENEVA LAKE FRONT - DAY 142
text: The ROAR of water as the fountain cascades down. Riley
text: plays along the low wall beside it. Bryan and Julie hover
text: nearby. Around them people speak German and French.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Sure, it looks like just hanging
dialog: around in a hotel but that's how
dialog: these people do business. It's
dialog: world historical stage time. With
dialog: the delivery deals we can make in
dialog: Europe, transport through Iran,
dialog: this guy might be able to
dialog: revolutionize not just his
dialog: country, but the whole region.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: 142 CONTINUED: 142
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
text: His dad's about to keel over and
dialog: Prince Nasir could be like
dialog: Mossadegh in Iran in 1952, with a
dialog: real democracy springing up
dialog: organically. I mean if we could
dialog: just be a part of one of these
dialog: countries getting a Parliament,
dialog: helping them find efficiency,
dialog: showing them how real incentivized
dialog: capitalism can do its job --
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Stop it! Look at me.
text: The fountain shoots up and cascades down. Riley leans
text: toward the water and for a second his feet lift up. Bryan
text: starts up, but then Riley is playing again.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Julie, the little trading company
dialog: I work for is now the chief
dialog: economic advisor to Prince Nasir.
dialog: Do you know what this means? It's
text: like someone put a giant ATM on
dialog: our front lawn.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Here's a question: how do you
dialog: think it looks to profit off the
dialog: death of your six year-old?
dialog: This gets through, but then --
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Fuck you. I changed the diapers
dialog: and put cream on rashes and gave
dialog: bottles in the night and went to
text: doctor's check-ups and worried
dialog: about percentiles... I did
dialog: everything right. I did everything
dialog: right.
text: They look at each other and, for a second, it seems he
text: may melt and hold her, but he doesn't and it's cruel.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Bryan, we're going back to
dialog: America.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: 142 CONTINUED: ( 2) 142
text: She heads for Riley who lets go of a balloon. It floats
text: up past the watch signs plastered on the buildings.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 143 INT. BEDROOM - GEORGETOWN MANSION - NIGHT 143
text: A phone RINGS a muted electronic BEEP. Dean Whiting
text: answers the phone.
speaker_heading: WHITING
speaker_heading: (SLEEPY VOICE)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: ALARM COMPANY
dialog: Hello, is this Mr. Why-Teeng? This
dialog: is HomeTech Security.
text: He reaches for the bedside light and snaps it on. Mrs.
text: Whiting is a lump on the far side of the bed.
speaker_heading: WHITING
dialog: This is Mr. Whiting.
speaker_heading: ALARM COMPANY
dialog: We're showing a motion sensor
dialog: failure in your downstairs study.
speaker_heading: WHITING
dialog: Yes.
text: Whiting glances at the wall readout on his alarm --
text: DOWNSTAIRS STUDY flashing.
speaker_heading: ALARM COMPANY
dialog: Like I said we're getting a
dialog: failure message. You want me to
dialog: stay on the phone with you while
dialog: you walk around or send a car?
text: Whiting reaches under his bed and pulls a gun box. He
text: flips the combination. Three pistols. He selects the
text: largest and switches off the light.
speaker_heading: WHITING
dialog: I'll walk around.
scene_heading: 144 INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT 144
text: Whiting closes the bedroom door and switches on the hall
text: light. Lots of closed doors. He walks down the stairs.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 98
scene_heading: 145 INT. DOWNSTAIRS - NIGHT 145
text: He reaches around a wall and hits the living room lights.
text: He crosses the living room and library, hitting lights as
text: he goes. Then a kitchen. The house is quiet.
speaker_heading: WHITING
speaker_heading: (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Everything's fine.
scene_heading: 146 INT. DOWNSTAIRS STUDY - NIGHT 146
dialog: Whiting's study, unlike the standard, upper-crust,
text: decorating of the rest of the home, has a specific Middle-
text: Eastern flair. Persian antiques. Pictures of Whiting on a
text: camel, with Persian friends at oxford in the sixties.
dialog: Whiting is an Arabist.
text: The motion sensor light is on. Whiting tries a window.
speaker_heading: ALARM COMPANY
dialog: How're we doing, Mr. Why-Teeng?
text: It's secure. He tries another one. It's secure.
speaker_heading: WHITING
speaker_heading: (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Everything's fine.
text: There's a sliding glass door that leads to a patio and
text: pool. Whiting tries it and it slides open.
speaker_heading: WHITING (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: (INTO PHONE)
text: The sliding door is unlocked.
text: He turns slowly. The room looks different. There is an
text: alcove with a wet-bar and walk-in closets.
speaker_heading: ALARM COMPANY
dialog: Did you leave it unlocked?
speaker_heading: WHITING
dialog: Send a car, you imbecile.
text: He looks at the alcove and closet. Just then, the desk
text: phone RINGS, startling him. The phone rings and rings.
text: on the wall behind Whiting's head are beautifully framed
text: photos with Kissinger, Clinton, King Fahd. Rack focus off
text: Whiting and slowly ZOOM to...
speaker_heading: AN OLD PHOTO
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: 146 CONTINUED: 146
text: Of Dean Whiting and the old EMIR, NASIR'S FATHER.
speaker_heading: WHITING (CONT'D)
scene_heading: (FINALLY ANSWERING)
dialog: Hello.
scene_heading: 147 INT. DENNY'S RESTAURANT - NIGHT 147
text: It's early morning. A couple of drunks at the counter.
text: Bob is at a booth with a mug of coffee. Dean Whiting
text: appears outside the window, enters the restaurant, sits.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You were in Beirut in '84.
speaker_heading: WHITING
dialog: I lost friends there as I'm sure
dialog: you did.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: I got a peek at your file. You're
dialog: a good man, one whose experience
dialog: is narrow and deep. Your entire
dialog: career you've been used and
dialog: probably never even known what
dialog: for.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I didn't used to need to know.
text: A Grand Slam Breakfast is set in front of Bob.
speaker_heading: WHITING
dialog: In this town, you're innocent
dialog: until you're investigated.
text: Bob looks up and squints at the waitress' name-tag.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Bacon looks perfect, Deborah.
text: Bob puts syrup on the pancakes. Eats a piece of bacon.
speaker_heading: BOB (CONT'D)
dialog: Innocent until investigated.
dialog: That's nice. It has a nice ring to
dialog: it. I bet you've worn some miles
dialog: on little sayings like that. Very
dialog: wise, gives the listener the sense
dialog: of law being written as it's
dialog: spoken.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: 147 CONTINUED: 147
speaker_heading: BOB (CONT'D)
dialog: If anything happens to me or my
dialog: family, an accident, an
dialog: accusation, anything, then first
dialog: your son will disappear, his body
dialog: will never be found. Then your
text: wife. Her body will never be found
dialog: either. This is guaranteed. Then,
dialog: whatever is the most dangerous
dialog: thing you do in your life, it
text: might be flying in a small plane,
text: it might be walking to the bank,
dialog: you will be killed.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Do you understand what I'm saying?
dialog: I want you to acknowledge that you
dialog: do understand so that we're clear
dialog: and there won't be any mistakes.
text: After a beat, Whiting nods.
speaker_heading: WHITING
dialog: Beirut rules, Mr. Baer?
text: Whiting loves the game. Bob looks tired, maybe a little
dialog: sad.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I've made decisions that resulted
dialog: in deaths, but I never lost a
dialog: nights sleep. Never. I killed
dialog: people, but I always had about 500
dialog: pages of U.S. law behind me, law
dialog: that I believed in, and that was
dialog: good enough.
speaker_heading: WHITING
dialog: You still do, Mr. Baer. You still
dialog: do.
text: Bob stares at him.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I want my passports back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 148 EXT. D.C. - DAY 148
text: Tight on Bennett as he runs through a downtrodden
text: neighborhood. Sweat dripping, breathing heavily, he runs
text: faster and faster. People on stoops watch him go.
text: He's oblivious to the UNMARKED CAR following him. Finally
text: the car races up beside him. The window rolls down and
text: Donald Parish III's face appears.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 101
speaker_heading: 148 CONTINUED: 148
speaker_heading: FARISH
dialog: Bennett, hey. Come on. Take a ride
dialog: with me.
text: Bennett keeps jogging.
speaker_heading: FARISH (CONT'D)
dialog: Bennett, I know you know about the
dialog: crime fraud exception to attorney
dialog: client privilege?
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: I do, Don. Very well.
speaker_heading: FARISH
dialog: Then, you also know your client is
dialog: into some shady stuff and it's
dialog: starting to look like you could be
dialog: involved in hiding the true nature
dialog: of the transactions.
text: Bennett stops. Farish's car stops. Bennett is panting.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: That's quite a statement, Don.
scene_heading: 149 INT. UNMARKED CRUISER - DAY 149
text: Bennett rides with Farish. A long beat. Finally --
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: One word. Dalton.
speaker_heading: FARISH
dialog: Danny Dalton?
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Defrauded the Government of
dialog: Kazakhstan of funds to which it
dialog: was entitled, defrauded the people
dialog: of Kazakhstan of the right to the
dialog: honest services of their elected
dialog: and appointed officials. Seven
dialog: years, does three, maybe two point
dialog: seven, on your recommendation.
text: out the window the bad neighborhood is giving way back to
text: the developing neighborhood where Bennett lives.
speaker_heading: FARISH
dialog: And let me guess: this was a solo
dialog: act, without the knowledge of
dialog: Connex or Killeen Oil, of Mr. Lee
dialog: Janus or Jimmy Pope.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 102
speaker_heading: 149 CONTINUED: 149
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Dalton's a bit of a rogue, it's
dialog: true.
speaker_heading: FARISH
dialog: And he'll have a nice little trust
text: fund waiting when he gets out.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Not so little, I imagine.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Don, we can spend the next five
dialog: years in court to get back to this
dialog: very place we are right now. They
dialog: will fight tough. They will fight
dialog: dirty. They will pressure your
dialog: boss. They will pressure the
dialog: people who appointed your boss.
dialog: They will pressure the wives of
dialog: the people who appointed your
dialog: boss. You won't ever hit 'em any
dialog: harder than this. And you know it.
text: Bennett waits. After a beat Farish shakes his head.
speaker_heading: FARISH
dialog: I'm sorry, Bennett. I don't think
dialog: Dalton's enough.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 150 INT. BENNETT'S LIVING ROOM - DAY 150
text: Bennett uses the claw end of a hammer to pry the front
text: off a large wooden crate. His father sits across the room
text: reading the paper. The side of the box comes down.
dialog: Bennett stares --
text: ANGLE - THE STUFFED HEAD OF A KUDU.
text: Bennett Sr. stares, then lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: (re: the cigarette)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: BENNETT SR.
dialog: The question is what are you
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: 150 CONTINUED: 150
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Really. Well, I'll tell you what
dialog: I'm not doing: I'm not running a
dialog: shelter. You going back to work?
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: BENNETT (CONT'D)
dialog: What happened at your job anyway?
dialog: Another jerk? Another white
dialog: asshole? What? You think you get
dialog: where I've gotten and there are
dialog: less of them? You think I don't
dialog: want a fucking drink? You have no
dialog: idea what I'm doing, what is
dialog: actually going on with me. The
dialog: only way you can change this shit,
dialog: all this shit, is from the inside.
dialog: I'm trying to get inside. Which a
dialog: fucking loser like you will never
dialog: understand.
text: Bennett Sr. puts down, his paper, stubs out his cigarette
text: and starts for the door.
speaker_heading: BENNETT (CONT'D)
dialog: Good.
text: The door shuts behind his dad --
speaker_heading: BENNETT (CONT'D)
dialog: (yelling after him)
dialog: I love this country. It's a great
dialog: country, if you're not a quitter.
dialog: AND DON'T COME BACK!
text: Slowly Bennett calms. He turns, looks at the Kudu. He
text: thinks and the sound of a GRILL SIZZLING begins to RISE
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 151 EXT. JIMMY POPE'S BACKYARD - HOUSTON, TEXAS - DAY 151
text: Ribs on a fancy BBQ grill. A wide expanse of lawn. No
text: other houses in sight. TEENAGERS splash in a pool.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Dalton's not enough. So they will
text: sit on him until he explains the
dialog: how and why and the who, and they
dialog: will be forced to unravel this
dialog: merger.
text: Jimmy turns from the grill.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: 151 CONTINUED: 151
speaker_heading: JIMMY POPE
dialog: I'd be real careful. You dig a
dialog: three foot hole, you'll find one
dialog: body, but you dig a six foot hole
dialog: and you might find twenty.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Dalton's not enough.
speaker_heading: JIMMY POPE
dialog: We use one quarter of the oil in
dialog: the world, Bennett. Your house is
dialog: light and warm and my house is
dialog: light and warm, but what if it was
dialog: that way half the week, or none of
dialog: the week. Hell, China's economy
dialog: ain't growing as fast as it could
dialog: because they can't get all the oil
dialog: they need. I'm damn proud of that
dialog: fact.
text: Bennett gives him nothing. A beat.
speaker_heading: JIMMY POPE (CONT'D)
dialog: What if it involved someone at
dialog: your firm? Someone way the hell
dialog: above you. We'd have to have an
dialog: understanding.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: If he's as big as you say then
dialog: when he goes down the merger will
dialog: be approved.
text: Despite himself, Jimmy is impressed --
speaker_heading: JIMMY POPE
dialog: Just like that.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: We're looking for the illusion of
dialog: due-diligence. Two criminal acts
dialog: successfully prosecuted gives us
dialog: that illusion.
text: Jimmy hands Bennett a plate of ribs and smiles.
speaker_heading: JIMMY POPE
dialog: Call me Jimmy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 105
scene_heading: 152 INT. SHED - DAY 152
text: ON TELEVISION: grainy video of a suicide bomber's
text: videotaped "will." THE BOMBER, 19, stands in a field of
text: dry rubble and flowers, is both nervous and confident, a
text: backpack anything but innocuous at his feet.
speaker_heading: SUICIDE BOMBER (ON VIDEO)
dialog: I wish for everyone who hears
dialog: this to fear God and to follow God
dialog: and his prophets. When I die I
dialog: want the people who inherit my
dialog: possessions to do the following:
text: A group of twenty or thirty BOYS, including Wasim and
text: Farooq, watch the video in a makeshift shed.
speaker_heading: SUICIDE BOMBER (VIDEO) (CONT'D)
dialog: One: the people who prepare my
dialog: body should be good Muslims so
dialog: this will remind me of God and his
dialog: forgiveness. Two: I don't want
dialog: anyone to rip their clothes or
dialog: slap their faces because this is
dialog: an ignorant thing to do.
text: Mohammed Sheik Agiza watches the boys watch the video.
scene_heading: MOHAMMED SHEIK AGIZA
dialog: His influence on those left behind
text: grows. There is no sense of loss,
dialog: since he continues to live and
text: inspire, his fame spreading.
text: Wasim impassively stares at the video.
speaker_heading: SUICIDE BOMBER
dialog: Three: I don't want a pregnant
dialog: woman to come and say good bye to
dialog: me because I don't approve it.
scene_heading: 153 EXT. THE BEES - DAY 153
text: Golden honey flares in sunlight dripping off a comb into
text: a collection jug. Wasim replaces the comb into a hive.
text: In a line of square wooden hives, Farooq removes a comb
text: and begins draining the honey.
text: Wasim pulls out another comb.
speaker_heading: WASIM
speaker_heading: OW --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: 153 CONTINUED: 153
text: Wasim looks down. A bee is on his arm. He brushes it off.
text: Wasim and Farooq look at the bee on the ground as it
text: drags'itself around in a circle.
speaker_heading: WASIM (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: (SOFTLY)
dialog: If I truly lack faith, then I am
dialog: not the right person.
text: He looks to Farooq who seems very young at this moment.
speaker_heading: FAROOQ
dialog: The questioning means that you
dialog: have faith and makes it stronger
speaker_heading: WASIM
dialog: That's a lot of shit, I think.
text: Farooq looks around to see if anyone is listening.
speaker_heading: FAROOQ
dialog: We'll get to intervene in the
dialog: affairs of family members. We'll
dialog: be able to help them with whatever
dialog: they need.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: You'll be able to get your mother
dialog: here.
text: Wasim looks at his friend then looks away. On the ground,
text: the worker bee stops struggling and dies.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 154 EXT. DESERT - DAY 154
text: Pan across the desert to find Nasir staring into space.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
dialog: Twenty seven tribes in my country
dialog: and we all hate each other. My
dialog: father arrested the malcontents.
dialog: He crushed the religious zealots.
dialog: Try reasoning with people who have
text: one foot in the afterlife, he
dialog: said, as he leveled village after
dialog: village.
text: Another angle and Bryan is approaching. Behind him is the
text: desert house made mainly of tents and sails. DIGNITARIES
text: wait on the deck and watch Nasir.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: 154 CONTINUED: 154
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: You know what place my children
dialog: love most on earth? My children
dialog: love Colorado. I could easily live
dialog: in Colorado while my brother
dialog: presides over a civil war. I could
dialog: be very comfortable.
text: Bryan watches Nasir.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I don't see you moving to
dialog: Colorado.
scene_heading: 155 INT. BEDOUIN TENT - DAY 155
text: The tent is crowded with tribal and military leaders.
text: Worried and suspicious, they.sit on rugs and recline
text: against pillows. Nasir enters and takes his seat.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
dialog: For centuries Islam has been ruled
dialog: by people with no respect for law,
dialog: monopolies handed out for the
dialog: things that people want, commerce
text: stifled, young people unable to
dialog: find jobs, critics jailed or put
dialog: to death, women are second-class
speaker_heading: CITIZENS --
text: He is interrupted by a BEDOUIN LEADER.
speaker_heading: BEDOUIN LEADER
dialog: Tomorrow is the coronation. Your
dialog: brother has the support of the
dialog: United States. And 10,000 of their
dialog: troops are stationed in our
dialog: country.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
dialog: This is true. My father is ill and
text: weak and unwilling to fight the
dialog: Americans. But others are willing.
dialog: And when a country has five
dialog: percent of the world's population
dialog: but does fifty percent of its
dialog: military spending, then the
dialog: persuasive powers of that country
dialog: are on the decline.
text: The crowd is unmoved. Rallying the men will not be easy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 108
scene_heading: 156 INT. ZURICH AIRPORT - MORNING 156
text: Bob rides up an escalator, changing planes in the early
text: morning. He sees his wife watching him.
scene_heading: 157 INT. ZURICH AIRPORT DEPARTURE LOUNGE - MORNING 157
text: Bob and Margaret sit in uncomfortable, connected chairs.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: If I told you I knew of something
dialog: that was going to happen to
dialog: someone and that I felt I had to
dialog: try and stop it even though it
dialog: will probably cost me my job, what
dialog: would you say?
text: She really looks at him.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: You can't tell me any more? No, of
dialog: course not.
text: She looks away. Outside the window a huge plane is
text: pulling away from the gate.
speaker_heading: MARGARET (CONT'D)
dialog: I want you to do what you think is
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: And maybe for you to want the same
dialog: for me.
text: After a beat, she reaches over and takes his hand.
text: A wide shot of Bob and Margaret holding hands in the
text: lounge, the plane lifting off behind them --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 158 INT. PALACE - PERSIAN GULF - DAY 158
text: Tight on medals on a military uniform. Hands reach down
text: to pin another row. Prince Meshal Al-Subaai is looking
text: into a mirror as he buckles his ceremonial sword.
scene_heading: PRINCE MESHAL AL-SUBAAI
dialog: If I liberalize, the generals
dialog: would overthrow me. If I relax my
dialog: authority, the mob would tear me
dialog: limb from limb. But, of course,
dialog: I'm aware that democracy and human
dialog: rights are good ideas.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: 158 CONTINUED: 158
text: He stares long into his own royal reflection.
scene_heading: 159 INT. PALACE GREAT HALL - DAY 159
text: Prince Meshal and ADVISORS walk toward brightly-lit
text: double doors. The sound of a LARGE CROWD cheering comes
text: toward him as he disappears into silhouette.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 160 EXT. WORKER'S COMPOUND - PERSIAN GULF - DAY 160
text: It's a holiday as an AM radio blares Prince Meshal's
text: CORONATION CELEBRATION. Saleem and other workers play
text: cricket on a makeshift pitch just outside the gate.
speaker_heading: SALEEM
dialog: I wanted to be on a bobsled in the
dialog: Olympics. I wanted to drive. That
dialog: was my dream.
text: The men have no idea what he's talking about. He sees
text: Wasim walking toward him.
speaker_heading: SALEEM (CONT'D)
dialog: Wasim! Bobsled!
dialog: (to the men)
dialog: Wasim knows what a bobsled is.
speaker_heading: WASIM
dialog: Can I borrow bus fare, papa?
speaker_heading: SALEEM
dialog: Wasim, tell them about the
dialog: bobsled.
speaker_heading: WASIM
text: It's a little car that goes down a
text: track of ice and snow.
text: Saleem pulls some change from his pocket and hands it to
dialog: his son.
speaker_heading: SALEEM
dialog: Oh, how snow sparkles, the crunch
dialog: of it under your feet, the quiet
dialog: and calm it brings --
text: Wasim suddenly hugs his father who is surprised but hugs
text: him back. Then Wasim walks away.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 110
speaker_heading: 160 CONTINUED: 160
text: Wasim glances back. Saleem waves... and Wasim waves back.
text: Then Saleem turns back to the cricket.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 161 INT. MITSUBISHI SUV - DAY 161
text: On the edge of the city, Bob sits in a traffic jam in the
text: glaring sun, heat waves flickering. His POV of a white
text: bus full of migrant workers in blue jumpsuits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 162 INT. CIA - NIGHT 162
text: Fred Franks stares at the window of a vending machine
text: trying to decide between Doritos or Fritos. He presses E8
text: and Doritos drop.
speaker_heading: FRANKS
speaker_heading: (TO HIMSELF)
dialog: Man down. I'm going in.
text: He snatches the Doritos.
scene_heading: 163 INT. CIA TASK FORCE ROOM -- NIGHT 163
text: This room is now crowded, filled with audio-visual
text: surveillance equipment. Palpable excitement in the air.
text: Franks returns with his coffee and chips.
text: WILLY, 24, a technician, buzz cut, recent 5th year Senior
text: at Hamilton College, fills him in.
speaker_heading: WILLY
text: Just heard from Tampa, the J-STARS
dialog: are tracking and we should have an
text: image from the Predator in a few
dialog: seconds.
speaker_heading: FRANKS
dialog: Great.
text: He eats some chips, offers some to another guy.
speaker_heading: FRANKS (CONT'D)
dialog: Is it night there still?
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: Morning.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 111
scene_heading: 164 EXT. BEDOUIN TENT - MORNING 164
text: The tribal leaders have bargained through the night.
text: Outside the tents EVERYONE ELSE is waiting, including
text: Bryan whose ear piece dangles to his Blackberry.
speaker_heading: BRYAN (INTO PHONE)
speaker_heading: (NOT EXCITED)
dialog: We have a contract to establish a
dialog: new petroleum exchange. No firm
dialog: our size has pulled off anything
dialog: like this.
text: Bryan crosses to the CHINESE OIL EXECUTIVES.
speaker_heading: BRYAN (CONT'D)
dialog: He's a visionary, like Faisal or
dialog: Attaturk, and the people love him.
dialog: By Monday, he'll be running the
dialog: country.
text: The Chinese seem unconvinced. Finally, the tent opens and
text: the leaders file out. Prince Nasir addresses the crowd.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
dialog: The Middle-East and the Arab
dialog: people have seen empires come and
dialog: go in six millennia. The Pax
dialog: Romana, the Pax Ottomanica, the
dialog: Pax Brittanica, were nothing more
dialog: than invasions and occupations
dialog: that ended... The Pax Americana
dialog: will end, too.
text: His wife and daughters proudly watch.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR (CONT'D)
dialog: We have endless patience for
dialog: history, but a man starving to
text: death while sitting on a chair
dialog: made of gold can no longer afford
dialog: to be patient. The time for
dialog: democratic, Arab self-
text: determination has arrived.
text: The crowd CHEERS. And as Prince Nasir, his family and
text: supporters move toward the vehicles, find Nasir's
text: BODYGUARD whispering into a cell phone --
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: Silver Hummer --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: 164 CONTINUED: 164
text: As Nasir and Bryan enter a SILVER HUMMER.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 165 EXT. LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS FACILITY - MORNING 165
text: The Liquefied Natural Gas facility has changed hands. The
scene_heading: CHINA GAS AND ELECTRIC signage is now CONNEX-KILLEEN
text: signage. The Chinese engineers are now American
dialog: engineers.
text: Native MUSICIANS entertain a small crowd of HARD HATS,
text: local OFFICIALS and visiting DIGNITARIES.
text: Someone BREAKS A BOTTLE across a huge colored pipe. The
text: CHIEF ENGINEER signals. He throws a huge lever --
text: A POWERFUL WHISPER builds, hurtling through the pipes
text: toward them and past them to the LNG CARRIER, a thousand-
text: foot-long tanker, docked alongside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 166 INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT 166
text: The doors open. Sydneyand Bennettenter, wearing
dialog: tuxedos. Sydney insertsa plasticcard allowing accessto
text: the upper floors.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: His wife'll be there. Pat. Butter
dialog: wouldn't melt in her mouth.
text: The elevator TONES on every floor.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY (CONT'D)
dialog: This is good. You done good.
text: The watch the floors light up.
scene_heading: 167 INT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE - NIGHT 167
text: The door opens and PAT JANUS, 50's, Nancy Reagan suit and
text: coif, opens the door. She takes in the men, smiling --
speaker_heading: MRS. JANUS
dialog: Sydney, how are you? And you must
dialog: be Mr. Holiday?
text: she shakes his hand. Gives Sydney both cheeks. They cross
text: the large suite, one wall of which is floor-to-ceiling
text: windows giving a dazzling view of mid-town Manhattan.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 113
speaker_heading: 167 CONTINUED: 167
text: In a sitting area, LELAND "LEE" JANUS, 60's, a vigorous
text: pit-bull in tux shirt and bow-tie, turns from the TV --
speaker_heading: MR. JANUS
dialog: Syd! Bennett! Lee Janus! How're we
dialog: doing?
text: Janus is standing with his hand out --
speaker_heading: MR. JANUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Those number crunchers can get a
dialog: little over-zealous, can't they,
dialog: but Christ, when we write the GAAP
dialog: rules like some kind of abstract
dialog: painting. Stare at that liability
dialog: hard enough and before long it'll
dialog: turn into an asset.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 168 INT. CIA - TASK FORCE ROOM - NIGHT 168
text: A small black and white image of a room full of GENERALS
text: and SUPPORT STAFF moving silently around.
text: PULLING back to reveal they're on a small monitor,
text: titled, "US CENTRAL COMMAND, TAMPA, FLORIDA."
text: The Division Chief, Franks, other Group Chiefs huddle
text: over another, blank, MONITOR.
text: ANGLE: ON THE BLANK MONITOR, suddenly, an image pops on --
text: desert seen from seven miles up. A wide shot of sand and
dialog: more sand.
text: The room lets out soft YEAHS as the image shifts, finding
text: a distant highway cutting through it.
speaker_heading: WILLY (V.0.)
dialog: Image from Predator. Seven miles
dialog: up. Let's go in. God, I love the
dialog: UAV's.
speaker_heading: FRED FRANKS (V.0.)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: Unmanned Aerial Vehicles. I love
dialog: 'em.
speaker_heading: FRED FRANKS
dialog: And it's quiet, right?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 114
speaker_heading: 168 CONTINUED: 168
speaker_heading: WILLY
text: Baby cruises at eighty knots,
text: about as audible as the clouds.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 169 INT. HUMMER - DAY 169
text: Bryan watches the desert fly outside the window. Nasir
text: stares ahead. The Hummer slows.
text: Bryan sees a vast FLOCK OF SHEEP moving diagonally across
text: the desert in front of them, blocking the road.
scene_heading: 170 EXT. DESERT ROAD - DAY 170
text: In the middle of thousands of sheep, shepherds on camels,
text: and SPRINKLER TRUCKS misting water over the flock moving
text: with ancient slowness across the road.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 171 INT. FOUR SEASONS PRESIDENTIAL SUITE - NIGHT 171
text: Mr. Janus in the comfy chair. Bennett perches on the edge
text: of the couch. Sydney is next to him.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: The lawyers are saying, hey,
dialog: if you can't trust a Big Five
dialog: accounting firm. And the
dialog: accountants are saying, hey, we're
dialog: not lawyers. Legal didn't
dialog: understand. Accounting didn't
dialog: understand. Nobody understood
dialog: anything. The regulatory bodies
dialog: had to scratch their heads for a
dialog: minute that nobody at Connex or
dialog: Killeen was at fault, but this
dialog: merger is so balance-positive for
dialog: American consumers that ultimately
dialog: Justice wants it, the Federal
dialog: court wants it. Everybody wants
dialog: it. Our real client is US, the
dialog: American people, and we're
dialog: building our presence in
dialog: Kazakhstan, so we had to give them
dialog: a little something meaningful and
dialog: they got out of our way.
text: Mr. Janus glances at the TV where a pro golfer sinks a
text: long, undulating putt.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 115
speaker_heading: 171 CONTINUED: 171
text: He looks back at Bennett, just a glance, but it's clear
text: he recognizes in Bennett someone who understands the way
dialog: the world works and the pressures that he, Mr. Janus, is
dialog: under.
speaker_heading: MR. JANUS
dialog: Something besides Dalton?
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Unfortunately, yes. And the best
dialog: option seemed to be a secret deal
dialog: for excess Iranian pipeline
dialog: capacity that I uncovered during
dialog: the diligence, a side deal
dialog: benefiting the lead lawyer
dialog: involved in the Connex-Killeen
dialog: merger approval process.
text: A slow dawning on Sydney's face --
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: What do you think you're doing?
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Of course, it's illegal for an
dialog: American to control these rights --
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: Stop. Right. Now.
text: Bennett and Mr. Janus look at Sydney.
speaker_heading: MR. JANUS
dialog: Is there something you want to
dialog: tell me, Syd?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 172 INT. CIA TASK FORCE ROOM - NIGHT 172
text: ON A MONITOR: the image of the distant desert slowly
text: swings around.
speaker_heading: FRANKS (V.0.)
dialog: What are we looking at, folks?
speaker_heading: WILLY (V.0.)
dialog: We'll get there.
text: They find a lone car traveling like an ant in the road.
speaker_heading: WILLY (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I gotta do some traveling. I've
dialog: never even gotten out of the USA.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 116
speaker_heading: 172 CONTINUED: 172
speaker_heading: WILLY (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Before grad school, I am
text: definitely getting down to Mexico.
text: The image tightens. It's an SUV seen from heaven.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 173 INT./EXT. MITSUBISHI SUV - DAY 173
text: Bob is driving fast now. The modern city is behind him.
text: Lift up to see the Mitsubishi heading into the desert, an
text: eight lane highway heading to nowhere.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 174 EXT. LNG TANKER - PERSIAN GULF - DAY 174
text: The needle disengages from a container with a swoosh.
speaker_heading: VOICE (OVER SPEAKERS)
dialog: The latest vacuum seal
dialog: protection and workers trained in
dialog: the Taiwan and the United States
dialog: of America.
text: MEN in blue jumpsuits watch the needle lift in the sky.
scene_heading: 175 INT. LNG BRIDGE - DAY 175
text: A FUNCTIONARY talks into the microphone. People pass this
text: way and that sipping champagne. The view down the length
text: of the boat past the containment bubbles is striking.
speaker_heading: FUNCTIONARY
dialog: Each container holds over 20
dialog: million U.S. dollars of fuel,
dialog: that's 100 million in total, quite
dialog: a haul...
text: A wide of the beautiful harbor. Fire boats spray water.
text: And far away, a FLOTILLA of native fishing boats, dhows
text: and sambuks and boums, makes its way out to sea.
scene_heading: 176 EXT. FISHING BOAT - DAY 176
text: FISHER-FOLK perform tasks they've been performing since
text: time began. A FISHERMAN looks up --
text: Following his view to another dhow as WASIM and then
text: FAROOQ drift into view.
text: MUSIC swells across the water from the terminal. More of
text: the flotilla of fishing boats is revealed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 117
speaker_heading: 176 CONTINUED: 176
text: And behind them the shoreline is dotted with oil storage
text: tanks still painted with images of the old Emir.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 177 INT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE - NIGHT 177
text: Sydney on his feet, standing aggressively over Bennett.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: In our line of work, the guy with
dialog: the documents is usually the guy
dialog: who stole the documents.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: Finesse. Strategize. Advise. But
dialog: don't own. Your words.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: You aren't going to hurt me,
dialog: Bennett. You'll wash out of the
dialog: private sector. Fact, you're
dialog: already gone. You'll end up
dialog: working public defender cases.
dialog: You'll make 1/50th the money. You
dialog: could have been on the boards of
dialog: Fortune Five Hundred companies.
dialog: You could have been an advisor to
dialog: Presidents. You could have helped
dialog: us win like Romans instead of
dialog: sitting on the sidelines hoping we
dialog: don't turn into Visigoths.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: You jumped that turnstile, sir,
dialog: but don't worry, we'll get you off
dialog: at trial --
text: Sydney takes the documents out of Bennett's hands.
speaker_heading: SYDNEY (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: (CALMING)
dialog: We expect you kids to try and kill
dialog: the father. We encourage it. Just
dialog: maybe not so soon.
text: Sydney senses something and sees DONALD FARISH III and
text: FBI AGENTS have entered the room. Sydney turns back to
dialog: Bennett, a flash of true venom --
speaker_heading: SYDNEY (CONT'D)'
dialog: You ungrateful, pissant, nobody.
text: FBI restrains Sydney. Pat looks up from her needlepoint.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 118
speaker_heading: 177 CONTINUED: 177
speaker_heading: BENNETT
dialog: A piece of advice Syd, one
dialog: attorney to another...
dialog: Bennett leans close --
speaker_heading: BENNETT (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: (SOTTO)
dialog: Get rid of that watch. It makes
dialog: you look like a nigger.
text: ANGLE - on Sydney's wrist is the Mickey Mouse watch. And
text: then a handcuff is slipped over it and clicked tight.
text: Sydney now appears completely relaxed again. He looks at
dialog: Donald Farish III and nods --
speaker_heading: SYDNEY
dialog: Don. Not the perp walk, Don --
text: Farish nods as if to acknowledge they're barely out of
text: round one. And they begin leading Sydney out.
text: Across the room, silhouetted by the windows, Mrs. Janus
text: helps Mr. Janus slip on his tux jacket.
text: They see Bennett standing awkwardly in the middle of the
text: room. Pat extends her hand for him to join them.
scene_heading: 178 EXT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE BALCONY - EVENING 178
text: The three are silhouetted against the skyline. Mr. Janus
text: looks out at the valleys of Manhattan.
speaker_heading: MR. JANUS
dialog: I'm a straight shooter, Bennett. I
dialog: think it was Trollope who said the
dialog: best capitalist is someone who's
dialog: greedy and honest. We can't forget
dialog: that second part.
speaker_heading: MRS. JANUS
dialog: It was Trollope, honey.
speaker_heading: MR. JANUS
dialog: We're creating a lot of jobs this
dialog: quarter, Bennett, a lot of jobs.
dialog: We're building a business and
dialog: that's what America's all about.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 119
scene_heading: 179 INT. CIA - TASK FORCE ROOM - NIGHT 179
text: ON THE MONITOR the convoy is in the smudge of sheep.
speaker_heading: WILLY (O.S.)
dialog: Silver Hummer, silver Hummer where
dialog: are you silver Hummer?
text: ON THE MONITOR the image tightens, zooming in on the
text: silver roof of Nasir's Hummer. It locks --
text: Relief on the faces of Bureau Chiefs and technicians.
speaker_heading: WILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: There's a phrase. You know what I
dialog: mean. What's the phrase? Target
speaker_heading: SOMETHING --
speaker_heading: SOMEONE ELSE
dialog: Target acquisition.
text: ON THE MONITOR the silver roof unmoving in the desert.
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: Right. Target acquisition. That's
dialog: what we got here.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 180 EXT. CONVOY - DAY 180
text: Nasir's children are laughing as sheep pass. The parents
text: are laughing, too. PAN and find Bryan watching them.
text: Nasir's wife smiles kindly. Bryan opens the door for her.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: You guys should ride together.
text: Nasir and Bryan exchange a glance then Nasir helps his
text: wife into the vehicle. Bryan hands the baby up to them.
scene_heading: 181 INT. BRYAN'S VEHICLE - DAY 181
text: Bryan looks out and sees a SHEPHERD showing his SON how
text: to use the staff, tapping the sheep, guiding them.
text: The convoy moves out, sheep like parted waters on either
text: side of the highway, sheep closing behind as they pass.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 120
scene_heading: 182 INT. MITSUBISHI SUV - DAY 182
text: Bob speeds toward the sheep who are again blocking the
text: road. He pulls up to them and honks. Nothing happens.
text: SHEPHERDS on camels stare.
text: He inches the car forward. Bob's SUV is steadily engulfed
text: by sheep. Then he can't go any further. He forces the
text: door open and gets out.
scene_heading: 183 EXT. SHEEP CROSSING - DAY 183
text: Cacophonous sheep BELLS and sheep SOUNDS, hooves in sand.
text: The sun is brutal. Bob climbs onto the hood.
text: HIS POV ahead in the desert, beyond the sheep, of Prince
text: Nasir's convoy is rapidly disappearing. And THE HIGHWAY
text: CURVING to the right.
scene_heading: 184 INT. MITSUBISHI SUV - DAY 184
text: Bob slams the car into reverse and begins backing out of
text: the sheep. It's slow going. Sheep getting bumped, BAAING
text: loudly, as Bob reverses.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 185 EXT. PREDATOR DRONE AIRCRAFT - DAY 185
text: A metal plane, like a giant, grey insect, drifts silently
text: above the earth. The horizon is bright and curved.
text: The Predator has no pilots. The controls adjust on their
text: own with robotic smoothness.
scene_heading: 186 INT./EXT. MITSUBISHI SUV - DAY 186
text: Bob gets free of the sheep. He turns off the highway and
text: drives out into the desert, going around the giant flock,
text: so that he can cut the convoy off at an angle.
text: A wizened SHEPHERD on a camel watches the SUV go. The
text: watering trucks continue SWISH, SWISH, SWISHING.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 187 INT. HELLFIRE BAY - DAY 187
text: The bay where two Hellfire missiles wait. The hatch
text: begins opening.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 121
speaker_heading: 187 CONTINUED: 187
text: The desert floor appears far below, just a blank canvas,
text: the details out of reach of human eyes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 188 INT. PRINCE NASIR'S HUMMER - DAY 188
text: The baby is SCREAMING and a child can't get its juice box
text: to fit in the Hummer cup holder. The square corner hits
text: the circular opening. And again. And again.
text: Nasir's wife readies a bottle.
text: The child slams the juice box. Nasir reaches and fits the
text: juice box in the holder. The baby keeps screaming.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 189 INT. BANQUET HALL - OILMAN OF THE YEAR - NIGHT 189
text: Laughter fills the room at a sumptuous awards dinner. SIR
text: DAVID has white hair and a black bow tie.
speaker_heading: SIR DAVID
dialog: I would like to say, in making our
dialog: selection of the recipient of this
dialog: award, John Brown can't win every
dialog: year. It would be like Formula One
dialog: with Schumacher and Ferrari
dialog: winning over and over. And I don't
dialog: need to tell you whose fuel
dialog: they're using.
text: Faces in the crowd, eating and laughing --
speaker_heading: SIR DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: This is not to crown a career.
dialog: You're a young man and, unlike me,
dialog: have many years of toil ahead of
dialog: you. This year's oilman of the
dialog: Year, Mr. Leland Janus of Connex-
dialog: Killeen.
text: The crowd gives LELAND "LEE" JANUS a standing ovation as
text: he walks to the podium. All the big oil companies have
text: tables. Bennett Holiday is next to Dean Whiting.
text: Mr. Janus shakes hands with Sir David and accepts an
text: engraved crystal oil derrick.
speaker_heading: MR. JANUS
dialog: Thank you, Sir David. Thank you.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 122
speaker_heading: 189 CONTINUED: 189
speaker_heading: MR. JANUS (CONT'D)
dialog: It's not a secret vote, so we can
dialog: see who is voting for themselves.
dialog: It's all right to vote for
dialog: yourself. I did not vote for
dialog: myself.
text: The rapt faces of oil men listening to an oil man.
speaker_heading: MR. JANUS (CONT'D)
dialog: I voted this year, as I do every
dialog: year, for Ali Naimi, the Saudi Oil
dialog: Minister, who has done more for
dialog: shareholder value than all of us
dialog: combined.
text: Laughter as a smiling SAUDI accepts a round of applause.
speaker_heading: MR. JANUS (CONT'D)
dialog: And that is certainly not a
dialog: criticism of any of us in this
dialog: room. My father told me when I was
dialog: young, never criticize a man until
dialog: you have walked a mile in his
dialog: shoes. This is something I've
dialog: tried to live by, because, if you
dialog: do criticize, you're already a
dialog: mile away and you've got his
dialog: shoes.
text: LAUGHTER, people glancing... who knew he was so funny?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 190 INT. HELLFIRE BAY - DAY 190
text: A missile shifts, rolling sideways, a slow mechanical
text: movement of impersonal machinery...
text: And then one of the HELLFIRE MISSILES silently drops and
text: falls rapidly away from the plane.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 191 INT. MITSUBISHI SUV - DAY 191
text: Bob races across the white desert.
text: Ahead, through the windshield, the convoy angles along
dialog: the highway.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 123
scene_heading: 192 EXT. FISHING BOAT - DAY 192
text: Fire boats shoot water in the distance. As Wasim makes
text: his way to the prow of the boat, slowly. the huge LNG
text: tanker slides into frame, filling the sky.
text: The name -- THE CONDOLEEZA RICE -- appears.
text: Wasim pushes fishing nets aside, revealing a stinger
text: missile fashioned into a shaped charge and fitted to the
text: prow of the boat.
speaker_heading: A SMILEY FACE
text: scratched into the surface of the Stinger, the same
text: missile Bob intended to explode in the beginning.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 193 INT. MITSUBISHI SUV - DAY 193
text: Bob is closing on the front of the convoy, maybe a
text: hundred yards off. He can see Prince Nasir. He pulls a
text: WHITE SHIRT from the backseat and starts waving it out
dialog: the window.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 194 INT. CIA TASK FORCE BUNKER - NIGHT 194
text: People stare at the monitors, tense and restless.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - MONITOR
text: The toy-like convoy snakes across the desert.
speaker_heading: FRANKS (O.S.)
dialog: Somebody tell me what the hell is
text: going on.
speaker_heading: WILLY (O.S.)
dialog: The plane is just really high. And
dialog: there's delay on the video
speaker_heading: TRANSMISSION --
speaker_heading: FRANKS
dialog: How long?
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: I don't know. I can find out. I
dialog: think from Yemen to here was like
dialog: four or five seconds.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 124
scene_heading: 195 INT. BRYAN'S VEHICLE - DAY 195
text: Bryan stares ahead. His POV up the length of the convoy.
text: The HUM of the highway. He turns and sees, out the
text: window, the Mitsubishi SUV cutting toward them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 196 INT. CIA TASK FORCE BUNKER - NIGHT 196
speaker_heading: ANGLE - MONITOR
text: The toy-like convoy snakes across the desert. Another car
text: enters the frame, angling toward the convoy.
speaker_heading: FRANKS (O.S.)
dialog: What's that other car?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 197 INT. PRINCE NASIR'S HUMMER - DAY 197
text: The SCREAMING baby takes the bottle and quiets. Prince
text: Nasir makes eye contact with his wife and smiles.
text: A bodyguard in the front hears something over the radio
dialog: and points out to the desert --
text: Nasir turns and looks at Bob's car fast approaching --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 198 INT. MITSUBISHI SUV - DAY 198
text: Bob angles the car in tighter, waving the white flag.
text: Nasir's bodyguards point their weapons.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 199 INT. PRINCE NASIR'S HUMMER - DAY 199
text: Prince Nasir sees him. They make eye contact --
text: A bodyguard begins shouting into a walkie-talkie. Other
text: vehicles race forward and surround Bob's car, forcing it
dialog: to stop.
scene_heading: 200 EXT. DESERT HIGHWAY - DAY 200
text: Soldiers with their weapons on Bob. He steps from his car
text: holding the white shirt in front of him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 125
speaker_heading: 200 CONTINUED: 200
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: It's okay. It's okay.
text: Bob slowly. approaches Prince Nasir's vehicle. They stare
text: at one another. Nasir lowers his window.
speaker_heading: PRINCE NASIR
dialog: I remember you. You're the
dialog: Canadian.
text: Tight on Bob. He starts to speak --
speaker_heading: A WHITE FLASH
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 201 INT. CIA TASK FORCE BUNKER - NIGHT 201
speaker_heading: ANGLE - MONITOR
text: A TINY POOF of white smoke. And vehicles scatter in crazy
text: directions. Then a rush of black smoke.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE ROOM
text: The crowd of Chiefs and Technicians erupts into
text: celebration, handshakes and high-fives.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - MONITOR
text: The tendril of black smoke is spreading into a black
text: cloud. The vehicles are stopped.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 202 INT. BANQUET HALL - OIL MAN OF THE YEAR - NIGHT 202
text: The room is silent. Mr. Janus stares into the crowd.
speaker_heading: MR. JANUS
dialog: I accept this award on behalf of
dialog: the employees of Connex-Killeen,
dialog: our people, the finest in the
dialog: world...
speaker_heading: (MOVED)
dialog: Guys, could I get you to stand up
dialog: for a moment?
text: At the CONNEX table, Tommy and Jimmy and the others get
text: to their feet. The crowd APPLAUDS. Bennett applauds Jimmy
text: who sees him clapping and applauds him right back --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 126
scene_heading: 203 EXT. DESERT HIGHWAY - DAY 203
text: The Prince Nasir convoy is scattered like toys. People
text: broken with shock and awe.
text: Debris is still falling. Find Bryan moving forward
text: through smoke and overturned vehicles, the only sound the
text: BUZZING/RINGING in his ears.
text: Bryan's POV of a burning crater in the road. Nasir's car
text: and family are completely incinerated. And nearby Bob's
text: car is a massive ball of flame.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 204 INT. BANQUET HALL - OIL MAN OF THE YEAR - NIGHT 204
text: Mr. Janus'holds out his hands to still APPLAUSE.
speaker_heading: MR. JANUS
dialog: I want to thank our strategic
dialog: friends from around the globe who
dialog: are here tonight.
text: More APPLAUSE. Emir Meshal Al-Subaai gives a little wave
text: to both sides of the room.
speaker_heading: MR. JANUS (CONT'D)
dialog: I hope I'm not giving away trade
dialog: secrets when I say Liquefied
dialog: Natural Gas truly is the fuel of
dialog: the future.
text: Mr. Janus raises his crystal derrick in a toast.
speaker_heading: MR. JANUS (CONT'D)
dialog: And to everyone else who helps
dialog: make this the most exciting and
dialog: important and profitable industry
dialog: on earth.
text: The crowd again begins CLAPPING for itself. Light catches
text: the crystal oil derrick and refracts --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 205 EXT. DESERT - DAY 205
text: Bryan staggers away. We're ON HIS BACK as he slogs, then
dialog: WE COME AROUND...
text: Bryan's face is TIGHT in half the frame while behind him
text: the wreckage and people and smoke trail away.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 127
speaker_heading: 205 CONTINUED: 205
text: Bryan wipes at a tear, and another. Then suddenly, he's
text: weeping, losing it completely. He stumbles blindly on.
text: Bryan wanders through the desert, a hazy form merging
text: with the heat shimmering horizon.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 206 EXT. FISHING BOAT - DAY 206
text: Tight on Farooq's eyes. Farooq is terrified. He stares at
text: Wasim who is watching the tanker where workers and
text: touring dignitaries pay no attention.
text: On another boat a father and son fishermen going about
text: their business. The father smiles briefly at Wasim.
text: Wasim sees that Farooq is frozen. Wasim shouts at him in
text: Urdu. Farooq hesitates a moment longer, then his hand
text: pushes the throttle forward.
text: The dhow accelerates, breaking free of the flotilla,
text: heading straight for the CONDOLEEZA RICE (LNG CARRIER).
text: At the bowsprit, Wasim has the wind and sunlight and
text: spray in his face.
text: WASIM'S POV of the CONTAINMENT BUBBLES which have a
text: covering of frozen, sparkling condensate and look exactly
text: like SNOW COVERED MOUNTAINS.
text: On Wasim's face a slow, almost beatific smile begins to
text: spread. He seems completely at peace as he passes into
text: the shadow of the tanker.
text: On the CONDOLEEZA RICE sailors become alarmed, running in
text: different directions, but it's too late
text: The little boat speeds for the side of the tanker and
dialog: just as it makes impact --
scene_heading: CUT TO WHITE:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 207 EXT. MADRASSA - DAY 207
text: Sprinklers water a green field in the middle of a desert.
scene_heading: 208 EXT. WASIM'S VIDEOTAPED "WILL" - DAY 208
text: Wasim appears against a plain background. He looks very
text: young. He addresses the camera.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 128
speaker_heading: 208 CONTINUED: 208
speaker_heading: WASIM
dialog: During the funeral I want everyone
dialog: to be quiet. And I should be lying
dialog: on my right side.
scene_heading: 209 INT. WOODMAN HOUSE - USA - DAY 209
text: Riley plays with a Thomas Train set. Julie reads in a
text: comfortable chair. Packing boxes are still unopened.
speaker_heading: WASIM (V.0.)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUING)
dialog: You should throw dust on my body
dialog: three times while saying, from the
dialog: dust we created you and to dust
dialog: you will return.
text: Riley sees his mother looking past him. He turns, sees
text: his father, and runs toward him. Bryan gathers his son up
text: in his arms.
speaker_heading: WASIM (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: From the dust a new person will be
dialog: created.
text: Bryan looks through the rooms at his wife who has taken a
text: few steps toward him. She hesitates --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 210 INT. BOB'S OFFICE - CIA - DAY 210
text: A MAN cleans out Bob's office, putting files into boxes.
text: Another MAN puts photos into a box.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - PHOTO
text: BOB WITH A FRIEND, smiling. Another photo of BOB WITH
text: COWORKERS is placed on top.
dialog: Tighter on this picture of Bob --
speaker_heading: WASIM (V.0.)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUING)
dialog: Everyone should mention that I
dialog: died pure of heart and that the
dialog: next world is the true life...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 211 EXT. BENNETT'S CONDO - D.C. - NIGHT 211
text: Bennett gets out of a cab. His father is slumped over on
text: the front stoop.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 129
speaker_heading: 211 CONTINUED: 211
speaker_heading: WASIM (V.0.)
dialog: .The next world is the true
dialog: life.
text: Bennett walks up the steps and pauses beside his father.
speaker_heading: BENNETT
speaker_heading: (GENTLY)
dialog: Come on, man. Come on... Leave the
dialog: beer.
text: His father rouses. Bennett helps him inside and the door
text: shuts behind them.
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
