speaker_heading: 1 : Prsd# Y813
dialog: | No.7
speaker_heading: ‘or TARZAN NC. 3"
scene_heading: ~ ined ns TARZAN'S SECRET TRERSURE”
dialog: i
dialog: |
dialog: 4.
dialog: Due to the excessive expense cf re-running entire
dialog: scripts merely in order to obtain consecutive page
dialog: numbers, the script with its changes will not be
dialog: re-run, but herewith in the front of the script you
dialog: will find a sumiary of the total number of puges
dialog: in the script.
dialog: dig: D. Rehaeel Thorpe
dialog: ©
dialog: MGM |
dialog: : 5/20/41 Total number of rages in seript,
dialog: \ . including revisior.s to date,
dialog: and besed on 62 Lines per page: 117
dialog: i : Seript completed 5/7/41
dialog: Fe im : Myke $ Cunally
dialog: Wray) -
dialog: Scayt Okd by,
dialog: By
dialog: Me "Fine now
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: oO "TARZAN NO. 3"
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: ey) CLOSE SHOT - BOY AND CHEETA IN FRUIT TREE
text: ioc. CLOSE SHOT of Cheeta plucking exotic fruit.
text: : CAMBRA PANS OVER as she gives it to Boy,
dialog: ‘who feeds it to giraffe. Only giraffe's
text: : , head in shot. IN TITLE MUSIC CONTINUES |
text: : , OVER SCENE. CAMERA MOVES SLOWLY BACK INTO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: ra 2 FULL SHOT - THE TREE
text: Boy, is,in top,of, tall tree, Giraffe's lo
dialog: : nek allows fis head to stick into tree eo8.
dialog: : . 9) Buli, the baby elephant, in b.g.
dialog: \ -
text: be OVER SCENE, comes Tarzan's call. Boy is on
dialog: the alert.
dialog: ap)
scene_heading: 3 a MEDIUM CLOSS SHOT - BOY AND GIRAFFE
text: © Tarzan's call continues. Boy leaps on to
text: giraffe's neck, slides down it as if it
dialog: were a bannister. Cheeta, the chimp,
text: appears in tree, slides down giraffe's neck
dialog: after him.
speaker_heading: 4 WIDER ANGLE
text: i Bey hops on elephant. Elephant starts
text: ' quickly off. Cheeta chases elephant, grads
text: i tail, pulls herself up on clephant's back.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: a
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT. ~ JUNGLE
text: Boy, Cheeta and elephant race through forest.
text: Tarzan's call heard again - nearcr, this time.
dialog: : MUSIC CONTINUES. (Music should be. cued to cle-
dialog: phent's pace so as to work naturally and unob-
text: Cy trusively into swimming ballet later.)
dialog: Ne
speaker_heading: ISSOLVE TOs
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: € FULL SHOT - TARZAN'S POOL
text: A small lake, set in woods, Sunny, picturescue,
text: The elephant.’ with Boy and Cheeta races ius
text: scene, Hoy leaps from elephant's back and
text: quickly climbs tree, Cheeta leaves elephant's
text: back by grabbing low limb of tree and swinging
text: up on it, Buli continues on into water.
scene_heading: 8 MED, CLOSE SHOT - A TOP LIMB OF A TALL TREE -
speaker_heading: “ TARZAN
dialog: 4p ——thngle Sgainst sky for height)
dialog: Tarzan posed fcr dive into pool, Behind hin,
text: Boy scrambles up tree behind them,
dialog: sane.
dialog: & Tarzan dives.
scene_heading: 9 FULL SHOT - PCOL ~ TARZAN IN LID-AIR
dialog: (A graceful, swallow dive)
text: As Tarzan reaches water and curves beneath it,
text: Jane appears in mideair, After her, Boy comes,
text: The three describe the same arc as nearly as
dialog: possible,
scene_heading: 10 UNDERWATER SHOT -
text: Tarzan glides. pack up to surface, Jane follows
dialog: sane curve. Boy follows her, (It is a game
dialog: of tullow-the-leader ~- Tarzan being the
dialog: leader, All movements in rhythm - to music,)
scene_heading: 11 FULL SHOT - SURFACE OF POOL = (SHOOTING DOWN)
text: Tarzan, Jane, and Boy in wuter ballet,
speaker_heading: 12 ANOTHER ANGLE - (LOWER)
text: ‘Tarzan glides under water, Jane and Boy
dialog: follow,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 13-17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19-21
speaker_heading: ” 83
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: UNDERWATEX, ROUTINE —
dialog: Tarzan, Jane, and Boy, keeping rhythm, go
dialog: through such’ routines as are possible - slow -
text: rolls, loops, cartwheels, vertical figure-83's
text: ete. “A giant turtle swims in and out of Scene,
text: Tarzan glides back up to surface, Jane and Boy
text: follow, Suli swims above them, his belly and
text: legs showing in Shot, Tarzan, *Jane, and Boy
text: swim through Buli's legs.
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - SURFACE OF FOOL
text: Tarzan pops “ups then Jane, then Boy, They con-
dialog: tinue the follow-the~leader routine, Tarzan
text: leading them in a wide circle, using Buli as
dialog: central point, (Possible porpoise routine here
dialog: with all going underneath Buli'ts belly and con-
dialog: ing up on other side,) .
dialog: out
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE ~ FOOL
text: Jane eateches up with Tarzan, clings to his
text: heels, Boy catches up with Jane, holds on
text: to her heels. They go into their locomotive
text: routine, Tarzan leads them under water again,
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER ~
text: Tarzan glides down to bottom of pool, Jane
text: and Boy still in tow, Giant turtle érosses
text: path, Boy makes grab at turtle, misses, Turtle
text: appears again, Boy leaves dane’ and Tarzan,
text: chases turtle.
dialog: (Use here Stock Shata of Tarzan and Jane in
dialog: routine together.)
dialog: “Tarzan and Jane head-for surface,
scene_heading: CLOSER. SHOT = UNDERWATER ~ BOY AND TURTLE
dialog: hoy ohunos turtle, (He can catch turtle, if
dialog: ‘subsequent business will work moe euully)
dialog: Turtle leuda Boy into cave,
dialog: 45-41
scene_heading: 24~X1. CLOSE SHOT - UNDERWATER - INT. CAVE
text: Boy's attention is caught by some shiny
text: stones, He leaves turtle, fills his fists
dialog: with stones,
scene_heading: 25 WIDE ANGLE - POOL AND BANK
text: Jane and Tarzan break surface, head for bank,
text: Buli lumbers out of water, MUSIC STOFS,
scene_heading: 25-X1 CLOSER ANGLE . AT BANK
text: Bulic limbs out of water, shakes himself, He
text: spots Cheeta in tree eating: bananas from sf.all
text: punch, He lifts trunk up fer a banana but
text: Cheeta, jabbering, withdraws out of reach, Buli
text: sits, begs, Cheeta refuses him, Buli stands
text: up on hind legs, pleads, Cheeta conks him with
text: a melon from tree. Buli, sore now, douses
text: Cheeta with water from his trunk, Cheeta, in
text: panic, drops the bananas, Buli leisurely de-
text: vours them, Jane's laughter OVER end of scene.
scene_heading: 25—X2 WIDER ANGLE - AT BANK
dialog: To include Jane sitting near water, fixing
text: her hair, Tarzan still in water near bank
text: just below her,
dialog: Jane (to Buli and Cheeta -
dialog: laughing)
dialog: Stop it you twol -
text: (then, shaking her head - smiling, to
dialog: Tarzan)
dialog: I suppose they just wouldn't be happy if they
dialog: weren't wrangling all the time,
dialog: 
text: Tarzan (grinning - comes up from
dialog: water)
dialog: Buli happy, Cheeta happy. - Jane happy?
text: (he squirts water at her)
dialog: Jane (hollers):
dialog: Tarzan} Please}
dialog: Tarzan (bigger grin)
dialog: Tarzan happy.
text: Boy comes up out of water,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 
scene_heading: 25-x2 CONTINUED. (2) , 5
dialog: Boy (ss he climbs benk)
dialog: Hey! Look whet I found. . .
dialog: ; (shows a handful of the bright stones)
dialog: Shiny stones. Real heavy ones, too. dust right
dialog: for my sling.
text: He pulls his sling out of his belt and lets
text: fly at a gicnt turtle across pool. The turtle
text: hit, bothered, slins into water.
text: gang's attention is ettracted by the stoncs
text: 1 Boy's hand.
dialog: Jane (to Boy)
dialog: Boy - let me look at those stones a moment.
dialog: (Boy gives her stones, she examines
dialog: them carefully)
dialog: Where'd you find them?
dialog: Boy
text: Down in the bottoin of the pool.
dialog: Jane (holds up stones)
dialog: They're gold ~ gold nuggets.
dialog: Boy (puzzled)
dialog: Gold?
text: Tarzan comes over, takes a squint at the
dialog: nuggets.
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: Nuggets?
dialog: Jane (nodding)
dialog: They're lumps of 2 very precious metal.
dialog: Tarzan (gestures toward skyline)
text: More nuggets up mountain. Big nuggcts.
dialog: Jane (siniling)
text: Frobably a rich vein. If posple in the outside
dialog: world ever found there was gold cn the escerpuenty
dialog: oe they'd warm up here like on ormy of ants.
dialog: . Boy
dialog: Why, Mother?
dialog: ‘ Jone
dialog: In civilization, durling, you ean buy anything you~
dialog: want with gold -- olmest.
text: Jane drops a nugget. Cheeta picks it up,
text: tries to crack it with her teoth like a nut.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4-5-41
dialog: 25-X2
dialog: 26-31
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (3)
dialog: Boy
dialog: "Buy?" What's "buy"?
dialog: Jane (thinks)
dialog: Well -~ suppose I have some fruit, and Tarzen's
dialog: hungry --
dialog: (gestures back and forth) .
dialog: Taraan gives me gold and I give him the fruit.
dialog: Tarzan (grinning ~ chewing on air)
dialog: Tarzan hungry - want dinner,
text: Jane (smiling) .
dialog: If Tarzan's hungry, Tarzan better get something for
dialog: Tarzan's dinner,
text: Cheeta begins to jump around, cough and wheeze
text: in distress, She has swallowed the nugget.
text: Tarzan picks her up by the hind legs, shakes
text: her upside down until she coughs out nugget.
dialog: All laugh,
dialog: Tarzan (grins)
dialog: Gold no good,
dialog: (to Jane)
dialog: Tarzan get food,
text: He dives into pool,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: UNDERWATER SHOT — TARZAN SWIMMING
text: looking for a fish. A large salmon darts by,
text: Tarzan makes a swipe at it. It cludes him.
text: In individual CUTS, we see Tarzan pursuing
text: the fish, until finally we see him grab it.
text: NED, SHOT AT EDGE OF POOL
text: Tarzan rises to the surface, holding the
text: wriggling salmon - abe auty: HOLD ON FISH,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: SAME FISH - FULLY DRESSED
dialog: 
dialog: reposing in half a squash+ Some of the \neg
dialog: of the squash has been scooped out, to ma
dialog: a baking dish for the fishs
scene_heading: FULL SHOT ~ A GARDEN SPOT IN JUNGLE
text: A beautiful nook walled with fruit trees;
text: vines, and flower bushes. A tree thick with
text: orchids, and a vine hung with giant grapes can
text: be seens In the middle of the enclosure, a
text: small, hot spring of clear water is bubbling.
text: Over the spring is swung a rod ~ like the rod
text: over a barbecue pit ~ a contrivance for cook-
text: ing in the spring. Near the spring is a small
dialog: table; on it are wooden knives, wooden dishes»
dialog: etce :
text: In the deep shades at one side of the enclo-
text: sure, is a rough-hewn picnic table and benches
dialog: The place looks like what it is - Tarzan's
dialog: garden retreate In beg. Buli carries bench
text: into place by table.
text: As scene opens, Jane is just finishing ~. -
text: garnishing the fish with various herbs and
text: condiments.e She then encases the fish by
text: taping with cords the top half of the squash
text: to the bottom half.
dialog: Boy (pushing barbecue rod into
dialog: ‘ ~ position)
dialog: But, Mother, why do people in civil-+in civil--
dialog: - Jane
dialog: Civilization. .
dialog: . Boy
dialog: Yese Why do they have to buy clothes and food
dialog: and houses - why?
dialog: Jane :
dialog: Darling, I honestly don't know. It's a problem
dialog: thoy've been trying to sottle for hundreds of :
dialog: years, and they haven't settled it yet - at least
dialog: thoy hadn't when I left. , .
dialog: (Jane lowers fish into boiling spring,
text: using barbecue rod, and calls to Cheeta
dialog: on other side of spring)
dialog: Are the eggs nearly done, Cheeta?
dialog: Cheatas who le watching the flow of sand
text: through an hour-glass mado of shelle, shakes
dialog: her head vigorously
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Boy
dialog: What else do they have in civil'zation, Mother?
text: Jane starts for table. Boy tags on after here
dialog: Jane (as she goes)
dialog: Oh, so many thingst There's the radio, for
dialog: instance. It's a sort of box, and you hear music
text: and people's voices come out of ité
dialog: Boy (unbelieving)
dialog: ‘You mean the box can talk?
dialog: Jane (smiling)
text: No, but voices come from it - and it sounds as
dialog: if the people were right there in the box,
dialog: talking »
text: Jane reaches table; begins to set it» Tarzan
text: enters; trailed by Bulie Tarzan carries
text: branches laden with pomegranates. He throws
text: a pomegranate back to Buli and one to Cheeta
text: as he crosses to table where he drops fruit.
text: Jane (plucks fruit and piles it. in
text: wooden bowl on table) .
dialog: What lovely pomegranates, Thank you, Tarzan»
dialog: Boy
dialog: Tell me more about civil'zation, others
dialog: Jane (as she works)
dialog: Well - they have airplanes there - houses with
dialog: wings that fly and carry people through the aire
dialog: They go faster than anything you ever saWe
dialog: Boy
dialog: Faster'n Tarzan?
dialog: Jane
dialog: Much faster. Faster than the winde You remember
dialog: that airplane, Tarzan?
dialog: , Tarzan
dialog: Airplane falle
dialog: (goodenaturedly musses up Jane)
dialog: Jane want talk- Tarzan want dinnere
dialog: Jane (frees herself from him)
dialog: Wetll have a little bite of something, then = while
dialog: we're waiting for the ftishe
dialog: . Boy (gravely thoughtful)
dialog: Is civil'zation very far from here, Mother?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 7-15-41
dialog: 
dialog: pTarzan ilo. 3
speaker_heading: eChess
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: 34-X1
dialog: 34-K2
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (3)
dialog: Jane (amused)
dialog: I'd forget about "civil'zation", darling. Our
dialog: world here is fur lovelier and far more exciting
dialog: than the outside world, I prowise you.
dialog: (pats him)
dialog: Run and get the caviar, will you, like a good boy?
text: Boy moves slowly off toward woodss
dialog: Tarzan (watches Boy)
dialog: Talk. Always talk. -
dialog: Jane
dialog: A boy wouldn't be a boy if he didn't ask questions,
dialog: Tarzane
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - AT TaRZAN'S "REFRIGERATOR"
text: Boy enters. The refrigerator is a wooden stand
text: some four feet square anc rive feet high, open
text: on all sides, with a domed roof made of thick
text: large leaves. A bamboo trough brings water and
text: spills it steadily on top of dome creating a
text: water curtain on all sides.
text: Boy pushes bamboo trough back, takes out bowl
text: of caviar, replaces bamboo trough, and exits.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE - CLESRIWG
text: Cheeta, at spring, begins to jump and jabber.
dialog: Jane
dialog: Goodt The eggs are doned
text: Jane goes quickly to spring, pulls out two
text: ostrich eggs which have veen suspended there in
dialog: a nets
dialog: Jane
dialog: (unhooks net - gives it to Cheeta)
dialog: Cool them in the brook, will you, Cheeta?
text: Cheeta hops off toward brook. June returns to
dialog: table.
dialog: Jane (looking over table)
dialog: What happened to the pomegranates, Tarzan?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan Ne,3
dialog: 5-22-41
dialog: “ Chgs, 34=X2
dialog: 35
dialog: 
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: Cheeta, on way to brook, begins to jabber _
text: loudly, points to Buli. Jane turns, looks,
text: Buli is eating the pomegranates,
dialog: Jane (annoyed but has to laugh)
dialog: Dear, dear -- I've the hungriest family any woman
dialog: ever had, All they do is eat.
text: Boy, returning with caviar, passes Cheeta.
dialog: Boy (to Cheeta)
dialog: Don't be a tattletale, Cheeta,
text: Boy brings caviar to Jane.
dialog: Jane (as she takes caviar)
dialog: Thank you, darling,
dialog: (leoks at bowl)
dialog: Doesn't it look cool and appetizing? You know out
dialog: in civilization people would have to give quite a
dialog: bit of gold for a bowl of this,
text: She ladles out portions of the caviar,
dialog: Boy (puzzled)
dialog: For fish eggs? ,
dialog: Jane (laughing)
dialog: Yes, darling - when the fish eggs are what is called
dialog: caviar,
text: Jane spots Cheeta coming with the eggs -
text: balancing one egg precariously on the top
dialog: of -her head,
dialog: Jane (calls)
dialog: Hurry, Cheeta} None of your tricks now = please}
text: Cheeta responds by rolling the egg across the
dialog: grass toward Jane, All laugh. Tarzan inter-
text: cepts egg, proceeds to crack it with a club,
dialog: It's a tough egg to crack,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: MED, SHOT ~ AT TABLE
text: Dinner is over, Jane is stacking up the dirty
text: dishes, Boy is eating giant grapes from bowl
dialog: on table,
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: lL
scene_heading: CLOSE gHOT - WOOLS, AT EDGE OF CLEARING
text: A hyena is peering out of jungle--sniffing
text: the food and (if possible) Licking his chovs.
scene_heading: TED. LONG SHOT - THE CLEARING
text: Boy in f.ge, sees the hyena across clearing,
text: picks us a nugget and putting it in his sling,
text: whips it at the hyena.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ HYENA
text: The nugget bounces off the hyenats snout. ‘The
text: hyena vanishes faste
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - AT TABLE
text: Tarzan laughs. He reaches up to pluck triple
dialog: orchid from tree.
dialog: Jane (smiles)
dialog: Gold's been used for a lot of things - but that's
dialog: the first time I ever heard of anyone chasing
dialog: hyenas with ite
text: Tarzan »uts orchid in Jane's hair.
dialog: Tarzan (grinning)
dialog: Jane like Tarzan?
dialog: Jane
dialog: (laughing as she makes flower secure)
dialog: what woman wouldn't like a husband who brings her
dialog: orchids.
dialog: Boy (puzzled)
text: There's a whole valley full of orchids just across
dialog: the river.
dialog: Jane
dialog: Yes, darling - but out in civilization they don't
dialog: grow the way they do here. You must be rich to
dialog: huve them.
dialog: (amused at bromide applied to Tarzan)
dialog: You just don't realize what a very rich man your
dialog: father is.
dialog: ; Boy
dialog: Tarzan?
speaker_heading: CONTINUEDs
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 389-XL
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: 
dialog: Jane (nods, swiling - but «
dialog: No one can possibly be richer ~ he has evei
dialog: he wants.
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan (grins - gives Jane one of
dialog: his rock=crushing hugs)
dialog: Tarzan have Jane,
dialog: Jane (laughing)
dialog: You have me all right -
dialog: : (squirms in his embrace = still laughing)
dialog: -- You'll have me in a thousand pieces in a minute,
dialog: (Tarzan relaxes his grip - she kisses hia
text: lightly, saying as she kisses him)
dialog: That's for the orchid --
text: (she kisses him a second time - not so
dialog: Lightly)
dialog: -- And that's for being’ Tarzan.
dialog: She breaks away from Tarzan, |
text: Boy (shuffling his feet ~ a little
dialog: embarrassed at the show of affection)
dialog: Let's walk over to civil'zation tonight, Hother,
dialog: before we go to bed = will you?
dialog: Jane (smiling)
dialog: I think, darling, you've had a long, busy day al-
dialog: ready, and if you don't mind you're going straight
dialog: home and say your prayers and go to bed -=
dialog: (calis Cheeta)
dialog: Cheeta! Cheeta!
text: Cheeta enters, Jane gives him stack of
dialog: dishes,
dialog: Jane (to Cheeta)
dialog: Take these to the brook, Cheeta - and don't break
dialog: them ~ Be careful,
dialog: (smiling as Cheeta exits)
dialog: And ne jugyling - nenembor,
scene_heading: ANOTILER ANGLE - CLEAIUING
text: Cheeta foes, precariously balancing dishes,
dialog: >
text: As Cheeta is stumbling across clearing, having
dialog: trouble balancing dishos, Tuli Lumbers toward
text: “her, and,trailing her, tries to sniteh with
text: her’ trunk remains of bood on top plate,
dialog: Jane's Voice
speaker_heading: Bulit Bult
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 5-23-41
dialog: ches.
dialog: ; Tarzan No,3
dialog: 39-X2
dialog: 39~X3
speaker_heading: AO
dialog: 41-48
speaker_heading: Bulit
dialog: 
dialog: 12a
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - JANE, TARZAN, BOY
text: Tarzan and Boy are laughing. Jane runs out
dialog: of scene,
dialog: Jane
dialog: Stop ith Stop it!
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - BULI AND CHEETA
text: The dishes tumble, crash into pieces,
dialog: poli runs for the *woods, Cheeta after
dialog: er,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT - HOCN
text: A full moon clearing tops of the trees,
scene_heading: DISSOLVE. TO:
speaker_heading: ouT
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 48-X1
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51.
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - TARZAN'S TREE HOUSE -
speaker_heading: IN MOONLIGHT - (STOCK)
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - BOY'S ROOM
text: Boy sits at small table near window, He
text: stares dreamily out of window, a cuarcoal.
text: pencil in his hand, sfter a moment, he be-
dialog: gins to write quickly.
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - BOY AT TABLE
text: Boy is writing a note on a large papyrus
text: leaf with charcoal pencil.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP ~ INSERT - (NOTH:)
dialog: "Gone to see civilzashun.
dialog: Back tomorrov.
dialog: Boy"
text: He signs his name with a little flourish.
scene_heading: MiD. CLOSE SHOT - AT TABLE
dialog: Boy props ub note where it will be obvious,
text: Slips half-a-dozen gold nuggets into a socket
text: inside his loin cloth, and tiptoes. to window
text: and climbs through.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY ~ TREE UOUSE
text: Boy comes through window. Wear window is a
text: vine rope rigged to a wooden pulley. Boy
dialog: erabs vine, and holding ou to ity,
text: slowly, a stone ied to the othe: e
dialog: as gn counterewoight. fo then owes stonn,
text: and slips stealtnily off.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OUT
scene_heading: MED. SHOT + CLEARING
text: Little Buli is lying aslecp. Suddenly he
dialog: Nua a dott adit ebtimbsa bo Wty Lube loy
text: enters scene. uli valses his trunk and is
text: aboub to Lrumpet a gravblusy but boy grabs
text: it and puts his hand over the tip of the trunk.
dialog: nar itis.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: “4
speaker_heading: 55-56 CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Boy
dialog: Shhh. Don't make any noise, Buli. Shhh.
text: Boy then tiptoes out of Scene, beckoning Buli
dialog: to follow. (SHOOT with speed camera to give
dialog: slow-motion effect.)
scene_heading: 57 CLOSE SHOT IN HOUSE
text: Cheeta hears something, stirs and awakens.
text: She walks out to balcony and looks off.
scene_heading: 58 MED. SHOT » BOY
text: mounts Buli, and the little elephant ambles off,
scene_heading: 5° EXT. CLEARING - CLOSE SHOT - CHEHTA
text: running. CAMEXA TRAVELS with her until Boy
dialog: and Buli are in the same Shot. :
speaker_heading: 60 WIDER ANGLE
text: Cheeta leaps up on elephant and puts her arms
text: around Boy. Soy turns in annoyance.
dialog: Boy ( in a whisper )
dialog: Go back, Cheeta. Go home.
dialog: (he pushes Cheeta)
dialog: Please, Cheeta - you have to go home.
text: Cheeta drops to ground, and watches sorrowe
text: fully as Boy and Buli disappear. Hoy waves
text: goodbye at edge of woods.
scene_heading: 61 CLOSE SHOT ~ CHEETA
text: She looks mournfully back toward tree-house,
text: then toward woods where Boy and Buli disap-
dialog: peared.
scene_heading: G2 CLOSE SHOT - CHEETA - MOVING
text: She crawls cautiously on her belly into woods,
dialog: disappears.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 7-8-31
dialog: Tarzan
speaker_heading: 62-X1
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 15).
scene_heading: LONG SUOT - BOY AivD BULI - IN JUNGLE
text: Bffect of a strange, moonlit worle with gian
text: trees, and Buli end Boy looking small. They,
dialog: wade through shallow pond, disappear in woos!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JISSOLV.i TO:
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE » 2XT, @SCARPMINT - DAY -
speaker_heading: al CHASN
text: The chasm is a narrow gorge, its sides rising
text: steeply from @.turbulent stream far below.
text: Close to eage of ravine, is a strip of various
text: trees.. One tree, slender, bemboo-iike, has
text: been blown ovsr and lies across the zsorge.
text: Boy and Buli ride into scene. As they come
text: to the edge of the gorge, Boy dismounts, his
text: ayes light on the fallen tree, and he walks
text: toward it, Buli trotting behind,
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: . MED, CLOSS SHOT AT SALLAN TRED
text: Boy and Puli enter scene.
dialog: Boy (to Buli)
dialog: You'll have to go back, Buli, You couldn't cross
dialog: on this bridge.
dialog: 
text: Suddenly they hear the sound of Cheeta laugh-
dialog: ing uproeriously. She st out rom behing
text: a bush leughin; and doin: somersaults.
dialog: 
dialog: Boy
dialog: Cheeta! You-think you're pretty smart, don't you,
dialog: following me. Well, you can just so back with
dialog: Buli.
text: Cheeta starts whimpering and begging to be
text: teken along. A lion's roav is heard off,
text: Boy turns quickly toward woods.
scene_heading: “ WIDER ANGLE - TO INCLUD WOODS IN 4.4,
dialog: 4 lion comes boundin? out of woods. Boy
text: hurriedly clinos the nearest trec. Cheeta
text: scrambles up efter him. uli takes a look at
text: the lion and runs off. The lion rushes to
text: tree, roars up at Boy end Cheetus
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 65-X1
dialog: 65-X2
dialog: 
dialog: . 16
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - BULI FLEEING FOR ‘WOODS -
dialog: (Moving Shot, undereranked for speed)
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - IN TREE - BOY AND CHEETA
text: They scramble out on to what they consider
text: a safe limb. Cheeta points and jabbers after
text: the fleeing Buli.
dialog: Boy (reproving)
dialog: Now, Cheeta - you can't blame Buli for running avay.
dialog: Buli can't climb a tree like us -
dialog: (the lion at foot of tree roars =
dialog: Boy, scared, looks down)
dialog: and that lion down there's a hungry lion.
dialog: (Boy gives a start)
dialog: Cheetal = he's climbing up after ust _
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: 67-X1
dialog: 67=X2
dialog: 63
dialog: 
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - AT TREES 17
text: Lion climbs tree, moves out on. limb after
text: Boy, Boy and Chéeta scramble out to end
dialog: of limb, the lion after them,
text: Boy, cornered, leaps with aid of vine to
text: nearby tree. Cheeta swings with him, ‘The
text: lion keeps after them, walking a vine
dialog: stretched tight-rope fashion between the
dialog: two trees.
text: Boy, cornered again, swings down from tree
text: on vine barely escaping lion, Cheeta swings
dialog: with him,
scene_heading: FULL SHOT-- AT TREES
text: Boy races for chasm, Cheeta at his heels,
text: The lion leaps down "from tree, starts after
dialog: them, The lion is overtaking "them when Buli
text: comes bellowing out of woods and charges lion,
text: The lion turns to face Buli.
scene_heading: CLOSS SHOT - LION AND BULI
text: The lion, snarling, attacks Buli, For a
text: moment, it looks bad for the small elephant.
text: Then, Buli, lifting her trunk, shoots a stream
dialog: of water into lion's face, ‘That stops the
dialog: lion cold, Buli, taking advantage of the
text: lion's blindness and confusion, turns and
text: heads for the woods,
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE ~ AT CHASM
dialog: Buli disappears in woods. Boy and Cheeta -
dialog: saved ~ reach tree stretched across chusm,
text: They start across it, swinging hand ever hand,
text: The lion recovers, resumes chase.
scene_heading: MED, CLOSE ANGLE ~ BOY AND CHELVA - HANGING
speaker_heading: FROM BAMBOO TREE
text: T.e chasm yawns beneath them, Boy starts to
dialog: crons chasm, uwdneding band ever hand, Cheeta
text: follows, Lion's roar OVER SCENE.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4~5-41
dialog: 69
dialog: 20
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 78
dialog: 
dialog: lb
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - AT EDGE OF CHASK
text: The lion enters, stops at end of tree, The
text: lion tries the bridge with a paw, decides it
text: isn't safe, The lion takes up position at end
dialog: of tree,
scene_heading: MED, CLOSE SHOT = OF BOY AND CHEETA
text: swinging across the chasm, The gorge gapes
text: below them. The slender tree sags under
dialog: their weight,
text: CLOSE SHOT ~ OF TIP OF TREE
text: at far end of chasm, Some loose dirt at tip
text: of tree starts to break away.
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - OF BOY AND CHESTA
text: continuing across chasm, As they make prao-
text: gress, we see the tree sagging more and more
text: under their weight, The scene is INTERCUT
text: with Shots of Boy realizing his peril; the
text: roaring lion, waiting; and more and more
text: dirt erumbling under the tip of the tree,
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - OF CHASE
text: Boy is more than half way over when suddenly
text: the top of the tree clins off the far edge
text: of chasm and starts to fall. It drops about
text: twenty feet before it is caught on the ledge,
text: Cheeta, terrified, grabs Boy around the neck,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - OF BOY AND CHEETA
text: They are seared, but Boy is trying not to
dialog: show it.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - OF BOY AND CHEETA
text: ‘near the far edge of the chasm, The thin tip
text: of the tree is bending: perilously under their
text: weight 4s they are about to reach the other
dialog: side of the ¢hasm, but they just manage to
dialog: make it,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79-87
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: 88~X1L
dialog: 
dialog: Look
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Fal 19
speaker_heading: IN Apenegy
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2) : E
text: As Boy end Cheeta step on to the ledge, the
text: tree slips off and drops almost perpendicu-
text: darly into chasm, sustained only by the few
dialog: roots that hold he to the ground,
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT ~ BOY
text: He looks down the gorge and whistles his re-
text: lief at his escape, Cheeta covers her eyes ~
text: she can't bear to look. Boy then looks across
dialog: at lions
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - LION ACROSS CHASM
text: The lion, defeated, roars.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - BOY AND CHEETA
text: Holding on by a few jutting bushes, Boy
text: and Cheeta manage to climb to the top
dialog: of the gorges
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: OUT
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT ~ WOODS
text: Boy and Cheeta thread their way through woods,
text: Boy seems a very small boy in a massive world
text: of giant trees.
scene_heading: CLOSER SHOT = BOY AND CHEETA - (MOVING)
text: Boy stops, looks off. CAMERA STOPS.
dialog: Boy (to Cheeta)
dialog: at those ostriches, Cheeta.
text: Cheeta stops, looks.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 88-xX2
speaker_heading: 88-X5
speaker_heading: 88-X4
speaker_heading: 88-X4B
speaker_heading: 88-X4BL
speaker_heading: 88-X40
speaker_heading: 88-X4D
dialog: 86-K14
dialog: 88-415
dialog: 88-X16
speaker_heading: 88-X1L7
speaker_heading: 88-X18
dialog: 
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - A CLEsRING IN YOODS - STOCK
text: Several ostriches are feeding.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOY AND CHEETs
text: They look off toward ostriches.
dialog: Boy
dialog: I bet they could take us to civilization in a hurry.
text: Cheeta exits toward ostriches.
dialog: our
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - STOCK
text: Cheeta running toward ostriches.
scene_heading: CLOS# SHOT - CHEETs - STOCK
text: She Leaps on ostrich's back. The ostrich
dialog: noves out.
dialog: our
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOY -
dialog: laughing.
dialog: Boy
dialog: Hey, come back here, Cheeta.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - STOCK
text: Cheeta dismounts,
speaker_heading: CLOSE SNOT = STOCh
text: Cheeta returning to Boy.
scene_heading: MED. SHO? - BOY
text: ‘Cheeta enters.
dialog: Boy
dialog: I think we'd better walk. i'm not sure those
dialog: ostriches would know the waye
dialog: B Tarzan No.3 Vem
dialog: - 21
scene_heading: F Bo - ‘MED, CLOSZ SHOT - HILL ‘TOP Als
dialog: _
text: Boy and Cheeta move into clearing at tgp ee
text: hill, Boy suddenly stops, becomes tense pt
text: what he sees.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 90 STOCK SHOT - A NATIVE VILLAGE IN OPEN COUNTRY
text: as seen by Boy. Natives throng the village
dialog: square where some sort of ritual is being
dialog: performed,
scene_heading: 91 MED. SHOT - WCODS
text: Boy starts off in direction of village.
scene_heading: 92 ANOTHER ANGLE - WOODS
text: A loud scream penetrates the jungle. Boy is
text: brought up short. Above the scream comes the
text: thunder of a charging rhinoceros! hoofs.
text: Boy scrambles swiftly up nearby tree. Cheeta
text: climbs up after him.
scene_heading: .92-X1 PROCESS AS BOY SEES LITTLE TUMBO
text: Ga Rhino is charging down on him. Right before
text: as the rhino contacts Tumbo, he turns, runs out
dialog: Ve of «scene followed by rhino.
speaker_heading: (USB BACKGROUND NO. 9)
scene_heading: $2-X2 MAT SHOT - TUMBO RUNNING
text: through scene followed closely by rhino.
speaker_heading: (USE BACKGROUND NO. 1)
scene_heading: 92-X3 PAN SHOT OF TUMBO RUNNING
scene_heading: 92 =X4 STRAIGHT CUT OF RHINO RUNNING (STOCK)
dialog: Following Tumbo,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 92-X6
speaker_heading: 92 -X7
speaker_heading: 92 -X8
dialog: 
scene_heading: PAN SHOT - TUMBO RUNNING
dialog: slips. and falls, ,
scene_heading: PROCESS SHOT - TUMBO
dialog: 
text: on ground. Rhino bearing down on him,
text: Tumbo throws himself outside of scene
text: as rhino passes on over Shot where Tumbo
dialog: fell. .
scene_heading: (USE BACKGROUND NO. 15 - 3rd PART)
scene_heading: OF TUMBO LANDING (SHOOTING TOWARD GROUND)
dialog: 
text: his head against rock. Hold long enough to
text: show he is stunned.
speaker_heading: SHOT OF RHINO (STOCK)
text: turning and returning toward Tumbo.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 92—X9
speaker_heading: 92-x10
dialog: 92-x11
dialog: 92=x12
speaker_heading: 92-X13
speaker_heading: 92-K14
dialog: 92-315
dialog: 92-16
scene_heading: FROCESS :HOT - OF TUMBO ON GROUND 63
dialog: 
text: Rhino coming from deg. Soy swings into se
text: on vines Jumps off, pushes Tumbo out of
text: of rhino and then turns and runs out of se
text: followed by rhino.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (BACKGROUND NO. 7)
speaker_heading: SHORT PAN SHOT
dialog: Boy runninge
scene_heading: CLOSZ SHOT - CHEETA IN TREE
text: She screams in terrore
speaker_heading: STRAICHT CUT OF RHINO (STOCx)
dialog: followins, Boye
speaker_heading: SHOT = ROY RUNS
dialog: 
text: into scene, climbs uy tree to a low crotch.
text: ikhino follows hin in and stops.
speaker_heading: (BACKCHOUND #R=29)
scene_heading: CLOSEUP OF BOY Ti TRIS
dialog: *
dialog: looking doym at rhino. Us. several cutse
dialog: (Bo th medium and C.U.)
scene_heading: PROCESS = REINO ON CAQUND =
text: PROCESS = CJTTING IN TNTE AND AY"
dialog: boy's PEaEr) ,
text: below trea, snorting and sniffing and runnin;
dialog: back und Torth tryiiu,; to ~et at Boye
speaker_heading: (BACKGAOUND 7#R=26)
scene_heading: BOY GtANTS TO TULL VINE
dialog: leonn. from trog in praparias to owing offe
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 92-417
dialog: 92~x18
dialog: 92=x19
dialog: 92-20
speaker_heading: 92-x21
speaker_heading: 92-X22
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP = TUMBO (SUT)
text: has come to and is slowly getting up off
dialog: ground.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT OF RHINO (STOCK
text: He turns from base of tree and charges back
text: toward Tumbo.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT = TUMBO
text: sees rhino coming and runs.
speaker_heading: STRAIGHT CUT = RHINO (STOCK)
text: charging toward. Tumbo.e
text: TUMBO RUNS TO EDGE OF POOL -
dialog: stopse
scene_heading: PROCESS SHOT = TUMEO ON £NDGE O# PCOL =
text: Rhino coming behind hime He jumps. Rhino
dialog: stopse
speaker_heading: (BACKGROUND NO» 10)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: } Tarzan
dialog: Ho, 3
dialog: Change
dialog: , 6/7/41
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 92X23
speaker_heading: 92x24
speaker_heading: 92X25
speaker_heading: 92X26
speaker_heading: 92X27
speaker_heading: 92X28
dialog: Stay
speaker_heading: 23B
scene_heading: TUMEO LANDS IN POOL =
text: Panic~stricken, he flounders in water, It Iccis
text: as if he may sink, be lost - but wildly he
text: clutches at a protruding tree root, holds to
dialog: it, saves himself,
scene_heading: PROCESS - SHOT OF RHINO PAWING GROUND - B.G.
text: at edge of pool, CUT BACK AND FORTH from boy
dialog: to rhino to use best material.
dialog: (Be G. #27 - 3rd Part)
scene_heading: STRAIGHT SHOT OF BOY IN PCOL (SET)
text: SHOOTING past dummy head of rhino.
scene_heading: CLOSE 'UP - BOY .
text: in tree. He has pulled vine loose from tree;
dialog: yells to Tumboe
dialog: Boy
dialog: where you ere! I'll get you out!
text: Atter reading line he prepares to swing away
dialog: from trees
speaker_heading: SHOT OF REINO
text: at edge of pool. Is attracted again by Boy's
text: voice and runs to Roy in tree.
text: SHOT OF BOY SWINGING
dialog: away from trea.
scene_heading: PROCESS SOT - HNINO RUNNING
text: into scene. Boy on vine swinging past rhino.
text: Rhino turns to follow him, slips, and then
dialog: continues after scunve
speaker_heading: (BACKGROUND Nose 85 er 24)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 92X30
speaker_heading: 92X31
speaker_heading: 92X32
speaker_heading: 92X33
dialog: 
dialog: 23¢
scene_heading: INSERT OF TOP OF VINE -
text: pulling away from tree limb.
scene_heading: PROCESS - BOY FALLS TO CROUND -
text: with vine tumbling down on top of him.
scene_heading: (BACKGROUND = 12 or 13 - Straight footage)
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CHEETA IN TREE =
text: screaming in terror.
scene_heading: BOY ON GROUND - PROCESS -
text: Rhino about to run over him. Poy jumps out
dialog: of scene in nick of time. .
speaker_heading: GHS - 38rd Part)
dialog: 
scene_heading: STRAIGIT SHOT - RHINO RUNNING
text: into brush, turning and starting back.
speaker_heading: EDGE OF POOL -
text: Tumbo has climbed out of pool. Boy runs into
text: scene, grabs Tumbo, drags him over to a vir
text: The two of them catch hold, Boy backs Tumbo -
text: up ready to take a run in order to swing back
dialog: into tree.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: . Tarzan
dialog: #3
dialog: uff Chgs.
dialog: . 7
dialog: a 6/ fad
dialog: \_/ FF
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 92-K36
dialog: 92-137
dialog: 93~-93-X38
speaker_heading: 93-X39
speaker_heading: 193-K394
speaker_heading: 93-X40
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: 95-X41
speaker_heading: 93-X42
dialog: 95-K43,
dialog: 
dialog: 23-D
speaker_heading: BOY aifD TUMBO (PROC SSS)
text: run towards CalfvhA, leave ground and swing
text: up over CAMBER’. Just-as they are about to
text: exit scene, Rhino's head comes into SEOT,
text: missing them by inches.
dialog: 
scene_heading: ( Background No. 15 or 12. BSFORT REINO
speaker_heading: CoMIS INTO SCSN3)
speaker_heading: BOY AND TUMBO
text: land on limb in trees.
dialog: out
scene_heading: ANOTEER ANGLE = EDG2 OF CLEARTHG
text: Boy and Tumbo swinging safely up into tree.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: Cheeta in tree laughing... pointing derisively
dialog: at rhino.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSZ SHOT
text: Rhino turns about and starts back toward boys.
scene_heading: M2D. CLOSE SHOT - THS FOYS IN TRas
text: The boys see the rhino charging toward them.
text: Boy grabs a vine, shows Tumbo how to hold on
text: to it and they both swing out of shot. Cheeta
text: remains behind. WH HE. the rhino snorting
text: and pawing the ground at the foot of the tree.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT = RHINO
text: pawing the ground.
scene_heading: CLOST SHOT - CHEETA
text: She plucks a fruit similar to the one with
text: whioh sho hit Bult and flings it Jown on
dialog: the rhino.
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan
speaker_heading: “Bio. 3 93-X44
dialog: Che.
speaker_heading: 6/7/41
dialog: 94-102
dialog: 103
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ RHINO'S HEAD 25-2
text: The fruit lanés on the rhinots head and spatters
dialog: all over ite
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: our
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - A CLEARING
text: Tumbo and Boy swing into clearing. Cheeta
dialog: joins theme
dialog: Boy (looking back into woods)
dialog: That rhino was mad, all right, wasn't he?
dialog: (turns to Tunbo)
dialog: Do you know where I'm going? Itm going to civil-
dialog: 'zation. I'm going to buy an airplane.
text: (fishes nugget out of his pocket-
dialog: holds it up
dialog: I've got gald - sce?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan No.3 . . 24
speaker_heading: Gree 103 CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Tumbo pays no attention to gold = he looks
text: up at Boy, deep gratitude on his face, He
text: speaks to Boy in dialect.
dialog: Tumbo (in dialect) :
dialog: (I owe my Life to you. I thank you with all my bein.
dialog: (his sincerity is obvious from the tone
dialog: of his voice)
text: Boy, puzzled, listens, There is a slight
text: pause as Boy’ puts gold back in his pocket,
text: en Tumbo solemnly puts out his hand, links
dialog: e little finger of his right hand in "little
text: Seen of Boy's left. He raises the linked
text: fingers up to the level of his chin.
text: Tumbo (solemnly - he is telling
dialog: Boy he is his friend)
dialog: Muganda,
text: Boy (looks. down at linked fingers -
text: back at Tumbo. He is puzzled, There is
dialog: a pause)
dialog: What'd you say?
dialog: Tumbo (in the same tone as before -
dialog: but raising the linked fingers a little
dialog: higher)
dialog: Muganda,.
dialog: Boy (puzzled ~ looks at fingers)
dialog: Muganda? Muganda? :
dialog: (then, slowly
dialog: is ariving at}
dialog: Oh - do you mean friends?
dialog: as he suspects what Tunbo
dialog: Tumbo (dubiously)
dialog: Frenss? .
dialog: Boy (quickly)
dialog: Yes - Friends,
dialog: (points to Tumbo)
dialog: You -
dialog: (points to himself)
dialog: (holds up linked fingers)
dialog: Friends,
dialog: (indicating Checta)
dialog: Like Cheeta and me, Friends.
dialog: Me -
text: Tumbo (he understands - his face
dialog: : dghts up = he spenks excitedly)
dialog: Mugandal, - Frengel ~ Mugandal - Prenss} - Muyganda ~
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: i Tarzan No.3
dialog: , §e22-41
dialog: i Chgs.
dialog: 103
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (3)
dialog: Boy (cuts in) ;
dialog: Yes, Friends, We're friends, I'm
dialog: glad, too, I've never had any friends
dialog: = except the animals, What's your name?
dialog: Tumbn (repeats - puzzled)
dialog: Watse nemm?
dialog: Boy
dialog: Yes - what do they call you? What does your mother
dialog: eall you?
dialog: (points to. himself)
dialog: My name's Boy,
dialog: Tumbo
dialog: B-boy?
dialog: Boy
dialog: That's right, ;
dialog: (points to himself again)
dialog: Boy.
dialog: . Tumbo (gets it - excitedly - points
dialog: to himself)
speaker_heading: Tumbo 4
text: (then, quickly pointing back and forth -
text: speaks rapidly - the words tumbling out
dialog: of him in his excitement)
dialog: Boy Tumbo! Boy! Tumbol Boy! Tumbo$ Boy! Tum -
dialog: Boy (cuts into Tumbo's speech)
dialog: That's right! Your name's Tumbo,. hiy name's Boy.
dialog: Tumbo (excitedly nodding - continues
text: where he left off, pointing quickly back
dialog: and forth)
dialog: Tumbo$ Boyt Tumbo} Boy} Tumbo --
text: The native drums are abruptly heard again -
text: this time louder, more menacing, Tumbo
text: stops, listens, freezes with fear,
dialog: Boy (watching)
dialog: Those drums coming from your village, Tumbo?
text: Tumbo looks back and forth between Boy and
text: direction of sound, Then, he turns quickly,
text: heads for village. Boy and Cheeta follow,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: Tarzan No.2 :
dialog: 5-22-41 : 25a
scene_heading: Chgs. 104 FULL SHOT - THE UBARDI VILLAGE
text: The tometonis continue, Now can be heard a
dialog: new sound = a low barbaric chant, mournSui,
text: ominous, The steady chanting is * pierced by
text: an occasional cry of terror and despair.
text: Boy and Tumbo and Cheeta enter,
scene_heading: 105 CLOSER ANGLE - VILLAGE STREET
text: A young man, dying on the ground in front of
text: a hut, a young woman holding him, giving him ©
dialog: water, Boys come into b, wateh, begin to
dialog: get the idea, move on, CAMERA WITH’ THE, Tumbo
dialog: worried, Boy *nonplussed, They come to 4 with-
text: ered o14 man, moaning over a dead child,
text: The two boys look ahout, In Dee, they see
text: others of the Uhardi, some carrying their
text: dead away, others supporting sick people,
dialog: Boy (whispers)
dialog: Why're so many people sick, Tumbo?
text: Tumba keeps on toward square, Boy hesitates,
dialog: follows,
scene_heading: 106 WIDE ANGLE - THE VILLAGE SQUARE
text: The square is crowded with savages of the
dialog: Ubardi tribe = a mass of excited and fright=
text: ened people, gathered in a semi-circle before
text: an altar, on which a small fire is burning,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: ©..0n the altar slab.lios q dying man. Two others
text: stand by, watching tholr friond.
text: In front of the altar is the witch doctor,
dialog: ean cvil old man, performing a voird ritual-
dialog: istic daneo bofore the altar. Ho carries c
text: horn...4 human thigh bone hollowed out,
dialog: toppod by @ human skull.- On this he blows ©
text: domoniacal wail. Two drummers beat the druns
text: fahatically. The crowd chants, wails.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - BEFORE ALTAR
text: The sick man tries to rise, slumps back,
text: groans and dies. His friends burst into loud
dialog: outcries.
dialog: Boy, Tumbo and Cheeta, enter SHOT, in 4
dialog: position where they are unobserved. The
text: boys look on in silence, close together,
text: their hands still linked. Cheeta jubbers
dialog: nervously.
dialog: 
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 111
dialog: 
dialog: It's
scene_heading: CLOS& SHOT - REVERSS-ANGLE - THE TO BOYS
text: Wide-eyed, intent, fearful.
text: Suddenly , Tumbo looks off. His eyes widen,
text: his mouth opens in terror. He rushes out of
dialog: Scene. :
scene_heading: MED. SHOT ~ EXT. KUT AT EDGE OF SQuaru
text: A sturdy native woman, Tumbo's mother, is
text: lying on the ground,
text: Tumbo races across to her. Boy uncertain-
text: ly follows.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLES - TUMBO'S MOTHER
text: She turns over on her back, lies still.
text: Tombo rushes in, throws himself across his
text: mother, sobbing, and screams in her ear, try-
dialog: ing to recall her from death.
text: Boy enters difvidently, slowly. He stands in
dialog: sensitive sile pefore Tumbo's grief. Cheeta
text: hesitates in b. Tumbo finally accepts the
text: fact of death, ke rises slowly, stares down
text: at the lifeless body.
dialog: 
dialog: Boy (gently) |
dialog: your mother, Tumbo -- isn't it,
text: Tumbo stands stock still, sobs. Boy joins
dialog: his finger with his,
dialog: Boy
dialog: I'm sorry, Tumbo....
text: During last of scene the sound of: the tumult
dialog: in ths square hus dicd away. Now, there is
text: an extraordinary silence.
text: Boy, after a moment, turns looks to invosti~
dialog: Bates
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - SQUAI - FROM LOY'S ANGLE
text: The crowd of bilueks have all turned away fron
text: the altar ond are storing at Boy in ominous
dialog: ~ silence.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: The witch doctor moves out from the crowd,
text: advances toward Boy, Boy draws back, sens-
dialog: ing now a possible peril in this strange
text: silence, The crowd begins to advance, A
text: murmur of excitement rises,
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE ~ THR SQUARE
text: The witch doctor stands before Boy a moment,
text: his terrifying face thrust close to his, Boy
text: looks nervously about him, coiitemplating flight.
text: The witch doctor shrieks wildly, jubilantly.
text: The savages crowd around Boy.
text: The witch doctor shouts a command at two Ubardi
text: warriors, who grab Boy and hold him despite his
text: struggles, The witch doctor turns to the crovd
text: - his voice triumphant, He has found the cause
dialog: of the plague ~ a white devil, He points frou
text: poy to the corpse of Tumbo's mother, linking
dialog: em, .
dialog: Witch Doctor
dialog: (In dialect tells the crowd that this is the cause
dialog: of the plague.)
text: Hearing the witch doeter's charge, the natives
text: begin to nod and murmur in agreement.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - TUMBO
text: Desperately, he tries to bresk the warrior's
dialog: hold on Boy..
dialog: Tumdo
dialog: Muganda$ Mugandat
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ WITCH DOCTOK, ROY AND TUMBO
text: The witch doctor atrikas Tumbe's hand awny,
dialog: Boy struggles.
dialog: Boy (to Tumbo)
dialog: Poll him I didn't oring the sicknuss,
dialog: (to witch doctor )
dialog: Fricnd! Mugundal Idugandal
speaker_heading: CONTTM sa
dialog: 
speaker_heading: i114
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 
dialog: : 29
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: The warriors pick him up, end rush him to the
text: altar, CAMERA FANNING. ‘The crowd, in its
dialog: frenzy now turns on this new victim with new
text: hope. Cheeta, agitated, stays in bog.
text: The drums, the chont begin again ~ this time
text: with new hysteria.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -. CHEETA
text: She wetches a moment, then turns tail and
dialog: races aways
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - AT ALTAR
text: The witch doctor begins his mumbo-jumbo over
dialog: Boy.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - THE CRO
text: They are waiting for a signe They chant
text: ominously in unison. .
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - THE ALTAR
text: Suddenly the witch doctor makes a mighty
text: gesture, a sweep of his free arm commanding
dialog: silence.
dialog: On. the instent ther: is absolut. silence.
text: Then, suddenly, 2 cloud of smoke rises from
dialog: the altar.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - THE SQUARE
dialog: That ig the sien Uhat this is tudeed the vice
dialog: tim that the gods want. andemonium breaks
text: out. The witch doctur.is in. frensy. The
text: people laugh hystericslly, in triumph, break
text: into dance. The drums ronr louder than ever.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ae eee |
dialog: Tarzan No.3 30
dialog: p Chanzes : . .
scene_heading: 7-15-41 120 WIDS ANGLZ - JUNGLA iT OUTSKIRTS OF UBARDI
speaker_heading: Ee VILLAGE :
text: Four white men-with half a dozen blacks advance
text: vapidly toward villaze which is already visible
text: “~ to them through trees. The maniacal uproar from
text: ‘the village grows in intensity and volume as they
text: advance. . Three of the men advance vizorously;
text: the fourth, a slight, nervous man, timidly brings
text: up the rear.
dialog: heme man in the lead is Medford, the guide ~ a
dialog: white hunter who has lived in and off the jungle
text: for yearss On one side of him is Professor
text: Zlliott, a scientist, who heads the amtrropotog-
dialog: 1.
dialog: ical expedition.
dialog: Of y On iedford'ts other side is_Earoni, a geologist,
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: a cold-blooded realist with something of the
text: Manner of a professional soldier. The fourth man
dialog: oY, is O'Doul (pronounced O'Dool) an impish Dublin
dialog: _- portrait photographer whose imasined love of ad~
dialog: venture has brought him away from wife and home
text: into a world he fears and despises.
scene_heading: Lal MED. CLOSZ SHOT - EDGZ OF WOODS iT VILLAGE
text: The men come to a quick stop, stare tensely out
text: at drama in village square.
dialog: Medford , -
dialog: Jujue
dialog: O'Doul (scared)
dialog: They're hungry-lookin' black divils. Is it - is it
dialog: canninbals they ave?
dialog: - Saroni (to Medford)
dialog: They look like Zimbali._ .
dialog: Medford (shakes his. head)
dialog: Worset They're Ubardil
speaker_heading: S
dialog: ( 0'Doul
dialog: Iwas hopint they'd be vegetarians!
scene_heading: 122 MED. LONG SHOT - VILLAGE SQUANZ = SOM \HITE
speaker_heading: MEN'S wNGLE
text: Throuzh the pandemonium, a half dozen giant
text: blacks carry a huge, wooden stake. The crowd
text: Qpons for them, bLhea glossy around them,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 123-X1
dialog: 124
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - WHITES MEN - AT EDGE OF WODS
dialog: Blliott (staring ahead)
dialog: What is thats Medford?
dialog: Medford
dialog: E eatgtoas ceremony of some sorte
dialog: Baroni
dialog: Wetre in luck, Professor.
dialog: (to O'Doul)
dialog: Get your camera, O'Doul, and wetdl take pictures
dialog: of ite
dialog: O'Doul
dialog: “I'm all for movin! on. - I don't think we should
dialog: be interruptin! the h'athen in the performance of
dialog: his religious duties.
text: O'Doul starts back into woods. But a new
text: tumult from: the village stops him. He
dialog: returns to groups
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - SQUARE ~ FROM WHITE MEN'S ANGLE”
text: Tumult increases. Savages strap Boy to
dialog: stake but in confusion the action is not
text: clear to whites watching.
dialog: Blliott
text: (his hand’ going to gun on his hip)
dialog: It's some sort of human sacrifice!
dialog: oe Medford (restraining him)
dialog: Easy» ‘Professor - this has been going on for
dialog: thousands of years and we're not going to change
dialog: it in five minutes.
dialog: Baroni (nods)
dialog: Right. Letts see it through to the finish.
text: Elliott's face suddenly goes taut with
text: horror. He takes-a stride forward.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT ~ SQUARE
text: The stake, with boy strapped to it, is
text: elevated and put in place.
speaker_heading: CONT INUED :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: It's a white poyt
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2) : 32 -
text: Savages toss brush high around it. The witch
text: dgotor takes a burning brand from altar, sets
dialog: fite to the edge of the brush»
text: - Soke billows up from fire as-from green wood. The
text: ‘ placks swing into a barbaric dance around stake.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOY
dialog: Seon through smoke. He's trying to. be bravee
scene_heading: MED. CLOSH SHOT - WHITE MEN AT EDGE OF WOODS |
text: Horror on all faces now.
dialog: Blliott (draws gun) ©
dialog: Medford (cuickly)
dialog: ‘Careful, Professor - they're crazy with juju.
dialog: Blliott, (advances with drawn gun) ;
dialog: We can't stand by and watch this. Come-ont . &y 2
text: Baroni and Medford advance with g1lliott, their
text: guns slung for action. ‘Their advance weaves
text: through sioke blown from fire. O'Doul turns and
text: dashes pack into woodse The blacks.in party fade.
dialog: with him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - UEARDI SQUAXE
text: The savajes dancing; smoke from tire over scene;
dialog: Boy, on staks, s.en through smoke.» Zlliott and
text: Baroni rush to stuke. ‘tisdvord fucss savaiuse
dialog: 
text: The natives, astonished by the sucdon appear~
text: anes of ths whites, abruptly halt in their
dialog: dance, s% motionless, sta Their chant
text: dies away. Yor a moment, thers is complote
text: silsneo. Then, the witeh doctor recovers,
text: advances toward Medford with a throatening
dialog: GUS ture :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: : Mediord (quickly - in dialaot)
dialog: (Ve want the white boys You cunnot kill hin.)
dialog: Witoh Doovor (siereely - in dialoct)
dialog: {White boy is causo of plague. Ho wust be sacrifieed.)
text: A murmur of approval comes from savayose
dialog: 
dialog: . 33
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2) .
text: Elliott, at stake, is seen through smoke
text: . hurriedly cutting’ Boy's bonds, Baroni,
text: vigorously kicks burning brush away frou stake.
dialog: 
dialog: Medford (tapping gun = in dialect)”
dialog: (r# you try to stop us, there'll be trouble.)
dialog: Witch Doctor (in a rage ~ waving
dialog: his. horn)
dialog: (Whi te boy must be sacrificed, Tho spirits of the
dialog: dead demand it!)
dialog: Elliott ami Barmi get Boy dom fran stake. -
text: At this, the witch doctor turns in fury to
text: savages, brandishes horn, exhorts them to
text: attack, They close ranks ominously. A.
text: threatening rumble rises, They advance,
text: Medford backs toward stake to join Elliott
dialog: and Baroni.
dialog: 127-127X2 our
scene_heading: 127X3 - : CLOSE ANGLE - THE WHITE MEN
text: Baroni raises his gun to fire.
dialog: Medford (to Baroni)
dialog: Don't shoot? There are too muny of them We'll try
dialog: to make our way back to the woods.
text: ‘The white men huddle around Boy and move back
text: together, facing meaning savages with guns
dialog: readye
scene_heading: 127-x4 ' CL@®E SHOT - TUMBO HELD BY NATIVE
text: He kicks him suddenly, takes advantage of
dialog: nativets shoe k to OSCapee.
scene_heading: 127-X5 WDE ANGLE -. VILLAGE SQUARE
dialog: The gaviuges qiiolly extond thoir lines to
text: encircle whites, Their roar of rage increuses.
text: Medford looks ubout, boc es aware of the
dialog: maneuver e
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan No.3 .
dialog: Chas, 127=X6
dialog: Fe 41 .
speaker_heading: Nd
dialog: 128=133
speaker_heading: 133-X1
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
speaker_heading: 135A-135E
dialog: 
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE WHITES
text: Medford halts -- his face grave as he looks
dialog: about hin,
dialog: Medford
dialog: No use -- they've cut us off, We'll have to make
dialog: a stand for it.
text: Elliott and Baroni stop. They stand back to
text: back in a triangle around hoy,
dialog: out
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - THE SQUARE
text: The whites are now encircled, The savages
dialog: close in, :
text: Abruptly, there is a terrific racket off,
dialog: The natives halt, all look in same direc=
dialog: tion off.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT ~ SQUARE, - FROM WHITE EN'S ANGLE
text: Out of the jungle, the safari truck roars,
text: its siren wailing, and its exhaust wide
text: open, dashing head on for the Ubardi,
text: The natives, caught unexpectedly inthe
text: rear, by this monster, break in panic,
text: flee, Tumbo, scared, races away with
dialog: them,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT (MOVING) O'DOUL IN DRIVER'S SEAT
text: The little man has a startled pop-eyed look
dialog: as if the truck might at any moment get away
dialog: from him, . .
text: A SERIES OF SHOTS
text: showing savages fleeing before truck,
dialog: 
dialog: - "|
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: arzai . : : 35
scene_heading: 3 185-EK1 - CLOSE SHOT - TUMBO
dialog: Changes -
text: /15/42 _ He dodges the truck, barely escaping it, and
text: . heads for woods with other blacks.
scene_heading: 156-137 MED. CLOSE SHOT - WHITE MEN AT STAKE
text: The truck, in b.g. careens through village.
dialog: ; ‘Elliott (looks off)
dialog: Good work, O'Doul!
text: The truck can be. heard wailing and roaring
text: in village. Safari blacks come out of their
text: hiding places, join wiites and they ell stare
dialog: at Boy.
text: Elliot (turns to Boy, puzzled)
dialog: You're safe now, lad. But what in the world are
dialog: you doing nere, in the middle of the 4Sfrican jungle?
dialog: Boy , :
dialog: I live here - up on the Escarpment. *
text: Tumbo darts out of woods, runs to Boy.
text: He links his finger with his. ~
dialog: . Tumbo (affectionately)
dialog: Friend. ,
dialog: Boy (to Elliott)
dialog: This is Tumbo. He's my friend.
dialog: Elliott
dialog: (puzzled - looks from one to other)
dialog: Hello, Tumbo.
text: The truck reappears, still making a terrific
text: racket, and heads straight on for group.
text: Abruptly, it comes to a stop.
dialog: Medford
dialog: (over his shoulder - to Elliott)
dialog: You'd better get moving, Professor, O'Doul threw
dialog: a scare into them but they'll be back.
text: Elliott, Medford and Baroni wove up to truck.
dialog: - Elliott (as he goes - to Boy)
dialog: Come on, son ~- we'll take you home --
dialog: Boy (to Tumbo)
dialog: You come with us, Tumho,
dialog: 
dialog: . 36
scene_heading: 138 CLOSS ANGLZ - AT FRONT OF TRUCK
text: Elliott enters, followed by Medford and
text: Baroni, and at a respectful distance, the
text: wide-eyed staring Boy and Tumbo.
dialog: 
dialog: Elliott
text: wa (he holds out a congratulatory hana)
dialog: Nice work, O'Doul --
text: O'Doul sluaps in the seat in 2 faint.
dialog: “ Elliott
dialog: 2 (smiling slightly)
dialog: He's fainted. Get some brandy, Medford.
text: The Little man opens his eyes a slit.
dialog: O'Doul
dialog: Would you mind, Professor, makin' it a bit of
dialog: Irish whiskey.
text: Meéford reaches into back of truck, pulls
text: out whiskey bottle, gives it to O'Doul who
text: sakes a long drink of it.
text: The rumbls of a savage war drum co::es from
text: the roods. At the sound of the drum, all
dialog: are insta:tly on the alert. O'Doul sits
text: stiffly up, .uts the bottle in his pocket.
text: A shower of spears and arroxs hits truck
text: and around it. Several safari blacks are
text: wounded, the others are panicstricken,
text: agitated, appear on point of fleeing away
dialog: again.
dialog: 6 Medford
dialog: om, (sharply - to captain of blacks)
dialog: ‘ Mt t_-- Tell your men to stay close to uss
dialog: They'll be~slaughtered in the woods now.
text: M'hona jabvers at natives in dialect. They
dialog: drew oack, hudidle at truck.
scene_heading: 158-X14 CLOSE SHOT - ADAR OF TRUCK
text: Arrows hit truok - some stick. One arvow
text: pierces end of gasoline tank at bottom.
text: Gasoline runs out.
dialog: 
dialog: Ay
scene_heading: 138-X2 MED. SHOT - FRCNT OF TRUCK ©
text: Blacks huddle around whituse More arrows fall.
dialog: 
dialog: Medford .
dialog: Get in, everybody. Wo'll make a run for ite
dialog: O'Doul starts motor, Elliott, Baroni, Boy,
text: Tumbo pile into truck. Mcdferd addresses
text: natives in dialect. They climb in.
scene_heading: 138-X3 WIDER ANGLE - VILLAGE SQUARE - THE TRUCK
speaker_heading: STARTS CFF
text: The savage drums inercaso in intensity.
text: Arrows and spears grcot truck as it gocSe
scene_heading: 138-X4 MED. SHOT ~ JUNGLE
text: A dozen savages grimly shoot arrows, hurl
dialog: Spvaerse
scene_heading: 138-X5 WIDE ANGLE - VILLAGE SQUARE
text: The truck stops» A shriek rises from savages
text: in woods, Savegus appear advancing cautiously
dialog: on all sidos.
scene_heading: 138-X6 CLOSE SHOT - TRUCK
text: O'Doul bangs away on starter. Mcdferd leas
text: out of truck, govs to open engine hood. Arrows
text: and spears fall around hime
dialog: O'Doul
dialog: The motor's all right -- it's out of gascline wo arce
text: O'Doul jumps out of truck, runs to reare
scene_heading: 138-X7 CLOSE SHOT ~ RAR OF. TRUCK
text: O'Doul runs in, secs punctured gasoline tants
dialog: Medford Joins lim, oxaulucs tank quicklye
speaker_heading: CCT INUEDS
dialog: Tarzan No.2
dialog: 5-14-41
dialog: ches.
dialog: 138=X7
speaker_heading: 138-X8
dialog: 139-144
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: O'Doul (shakes his “head glumly)
dialog: We're cooked - an' well done, too --
text: Medford rushes back to front of truck,
text: Several arrows hit truck.
dialog: O'Doul (shudders)
dialog: -- About all that remains is the eatin',
text: (he. starts back to front of truck)
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE ~ TRUCK
text: The whites and natives pile out of truck,
text: Arrows and spears fall, Sound of drums
text: and shrieking increases,
speaker_heading: OUT
scene_heading: 145~145-x4 A SERIES OF SHOTS
speaker_heading: 145=-K4A
dialog: 145~X5
text: The Ubardi advancing through woeds, hurling
text: spears, shooting arrows, giving war cry - a
dialog: menacing attack,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SAFARI BLACK
text: He pitches forward, clutching at an arrow in
dialog: his chest,
scene_heading: WIDE. ANGLE - AT PRUCK
text: O'Doul shakes his fist at savages,
dialog: O'Doul (angrily )
dialog: Ye cowardly blackguards |
text: He begins firing his revolver,
text: An arrow whizzes by his head, imbeds itself
text: deeply in the side of the truck,
dialog: O'Doul (cocky)
dialog: You're not goin' to intimidate me - Ye poor be-.
dialog: nighted blackamoors, yel-= With yer silly arrows
dialog: that wouldn't spike a potato bug’ ==
text: (an arrow hits him in the seat, sticks
dialog: there - lie geremas )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 'S
speaker_heading: mi5-41 145, X5
dialog: 146
speaker_heading: 146-X1
dialog: 146~x2
speaker_heading: 146-X3
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: O'Doul (continued)
dialog: I'm kilth I'm kilt! I'm kilt - I amt
text: (He waits a moment to see if he's really
dialog: "kilt" then deciding no, he feels cau~
dialog: tiously for the arrow, extracts it)
dialog: Ah, it's only mortally wounded I am. Heavin be
dialog: praisedt
dialog: Medford :
dialog: Those may be poisoned arrows, O'Doule Be careful.
dialog: O'Doul (wild)
dialog: Poisoned, are they? Poisoned?
dialog: (rubs his seat)
dialog: Well, them canninbals'1l have poisoned stew for
dialog: dinner then ~ an! I hope it kills 'emt
text: A spear hits the ground at O'Doulls feet.
text: Angry, he yanks out the spear, hurls it
text: back into woods.
dialog: O'Doul . :
dialog: Two can play at that game, me buckos
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT = AT TRUCK
text: The whites now face village, their backs to
text: truck. The safari natives now show some
text: spirit. Several blacks are hit.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - VILLAGE
text: The savage horde advances.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE GROUP AT TRUCK
dialog: Medford
dialog: Let 'em have itl
text: The whites begin to fires
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - VILLAGE
text: The sudden fire drops advancing natives, halts
text: them an instunte The witch doctor exhorts the
text: savages. The ranks reform. The advance re-
text: sunos. The whitos contimie firings Their
dialog: shooting no longer stops savagese They ad-
dialog: vaneo utoadilye
dialog: 
dialog: -46=XS
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 39a
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - GROUP AT TRUCK
text: The whites continue to fire.
dialog: Medford (takes last look around -
dialog: speak grimly) .
dialog: Remember ~ with these Ubardi, it's better to be dead
dialog: when they take you.
dialog: .O'Doul (deadly serious)
dialog: It's better to be dead when ‘they kill ye - if you
dialog: want my opinion,
dialog: 
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE ~ VILLAGE
text: A triumphant roar goes up from savages, They
text: lift their spears exuitantly. They move to
dialog: charge,
text: Suddenly, Tarzents call comes ringing through
text: the jungle, The savages stop in their tracks,
text: The call comes again,
text: The savages hesitate, then throwing away their
text: spears and arrows, they flee.
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 148=X1
dialog: 149
dialog: 149-X1,
dialog: 
dialog: It's
dialog: 40
text: A SERIES OF CLOSE SHOTS
text: The Ubardi wildly fleeing, ‘Tarzan's call
speaker_heading: OVER SHOTS,
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT (STOCK) THE UBARDI (GIBEONI)
text: The savages vanish in woods, Tarzan's call
dialog: nearer.
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - AT TRUCK
text: Boy leaps out of truck,
dialog: Boy (screaming delightedly)
dialog: Tarzant It's Tarzant
text: All in safari stare at Boy. Boy gives his
text: imitation of Tarzan's call. Tarzan's call
dialog: answers, nearby now,
text: Boy looks up in trees near village, All
dialog: follow his gase, The natives of the safari
text: take to chattering, gesticulating, Some fall
dialog: to ground,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT (STOCK)
text: Tarzan swinging through trees.
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - VILLAGE
text: as Tarzan swings down inte village and lands
text: near Boy. Boy runs to Tari Cheeta comes
dialog: o
text: out of woods, following
dialog: 
dialog: Boy
dialog: Tarzan Tarzan}
scene_heading: MED, SHOL - GHOUP AT ‘LUCK
dialog: ALL are astonished at Targun, ‘Me blocks
text: cower with feur and awe.
speaker_heading: ELLiott (otarins:)
dialog: What's happening? Who is that?
speaker_heading: CONTAN UMD:
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: 149-21 CQ@ITINUZD (2)
dialog: Barmi
dialog: Tarzan - the boy called him --
dialog: 
dialog: Medford (with subducd excitement)
dialog: Tarzan? Then,there really is 4 Tarzan. for ycars
dialog: I've beon hearing about him from the natives - the
dialog: white ape-man they call him - the king of the
dialog: jungle. I always thought he was a myth.
scene_heading: 150 CLOSE ANGLZ - TARZAN AND BOY
dialog: 
text: As Boy and Tarzan came together. Tarzan sweeds
text: Boy up into his arms.
dialog: Tarzan {concerned - studies him
dialog: sharply)
dialog: Boy all right?
dialog: Boy
dialog: I'm fine. You cane just in time, Tarzm. ‘Where's
dialog: Mother?
text: Tarzan sets Boy down on ground.
dialog: Tarzan (sternly)
dialog: Jane wait.
dialog: Boy (carefully)
dialog: Is she going to - to punish me, Tarzan? ~
dialog: Tarzen (relaxed now - grins)
dialog: Boy wait. Boy find out.
text: Cheeta rushes to him, mkes a fuss over hin.
scene_heading: 150-X1 MED. SHOT ~ GROUP AT TRUCK
dialog: Elliott (watching Tarzan) a
dialog: He's magnificent.
dialog: Baroni
dialog: Net's a nagnifieent-Looking brute/
text: wv Medford (gestures toward cowering
dialog: “W safari nati ves)
dialog: ye Look at the blacks there! - tha aot as if he
dialog: “ea were sone sort of god.
dialog: ae \ pe 0 'Doul
dialog: Wo * A He's the spittin’ iwage of the anodent Irteh giant,
dialog: e Finn McCool,
dialog: ' ——e , CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: 150-X1 CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Elliott
dialog: Come along
text: Elliott moves toward Tarzan.
dialog: 151 our
scene_heading: 152 WIDER ANGLE - SQUARE
text: Elliott advances to Tarzan.
dialog: Boy (to Elliott)
dialog: This is Tarzan -- he's my father.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ETarzan 73
dialog: © Che 152
speaker_heading: pmpeewinnee
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2) I —" 43
dialog: Elliott (smiling - holds hens
dialog: hand)
dialog: How do you do, Tarzan? Hy name's Wlltott.
text: Tarzan does not take hand, looks men over.
dialog: Boy (quickly - in dialect)
dialog: (He explains what happened.)
text: As Tarzan listens, his expression softens.
text: fie takes Hlliott's hand.
dialog: Tarzan (as he takes hand}
dialog: Tarzan thank.
dialog: Elliott
dialog: And we thank you.
dialog: (nods toward woods)
dialog: -- You certainly saved our lives just now. It
dialog: looked for a while as though we were finished.
dialog: (then, smiling at Boy)
dialog: So, this is your father, eh?
dialog: (then to Tarzan)
dialog: You've a fine boy there.
dialog: Tarzan (nods)
dialog: Fine boy.
dialog: (affectionately rubs Boy's head)
dialog: Little Tarzan.
text: O'Doul steps forward.
dialog: O'Doul .
dialog: Me name's O'Doul, ir. Tarzan - Dennis O'Doul.
dialog: (Tarzan looks O'Doul 6 ~ CMDSur7
dialog: speaks with admiration)
dialog: You're a fine figure of a man, Mr. Tarzan.
dialog: wager you've some Irish in ye somewhere.
text: (Tarzan likes C'Doul, takes his hand.
text: O'Doul winces, nurses his hand)
dialog: I'm certain of it.
dialog: 
dialog: Til
text: Baroni and Medford step forward. O'Doul
text: backs away to truck.
dialog: Elliott
dialog: .This is Mri Baroni, Tarzan, and this gentleman here
dialog: is My. Medford.
dialog: Medford and Baroni (together)
dialog: How do you doe
dialog: Happy to moet you.
text: Tarzan glances at the machine guns, and makes
text: no effort to take their offered hands.
dialog: Obviounly, he doosn't Lika thom.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: farzen #3
dialog: ie
dialog: 17-41 152
dialog: 
speaker_heading: oe’
dialog: sph
dialog: 
dialog: 44s.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (3)
dialog: Tarzan (sharply)
dialog: Men not need guns now.
text: The three men laok surprised.
dialog: Boy
dialog: Tarzan doesn't like guns ~ they kill his animals.-
dialog: Elliott (quickly
dialog: (to Baroni and Medford)
dialog: Put the guns away, gentlemen.
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: (Baroni and Medford go to put arms
dialog: _in truck - Elliott turns to Tarzan)
dialog: You needn't worry, Tarzan. we're not hunters,
dialog: we're scientists. We're looking for an almost
dialog: forgotten tribe called the _Van-usi. They're a
dialog: people that wandered down from Asia@™into Africa
dialog: ages ago. Ever hear of them?
dialog: Tarzan (nods)
dialog: Vatl-usi live up Fyn Mano River.
dialog: . Elliott (with some excitement)
dialog: That's just where we figured to find tnaem. We
dialog: were trying to find a pass through the mountains
dialog: when we came across the village here.
dialog: . Tarzen
text: Safari cannot cross mountains. All ice and snow.
text: Baroni and Medford return.
dialog: Elliott
dialog: (his disappointment obvious,
dialog: turns to Medford)
dialog: Did you hear that, Medford?
dialog: . Medford (a little antagonistic)
dialog: Oh, I think we can make it over the mountains all
dialog: right. It'll be eight or ten weeks of tough going
dialog: but we can make it.
dialog: Tarzan (sharply - to Medford)
dialog: (to ELliott)
dialog: Tarzan take safari up escarpment - reach river
dialog: six days.
dialog: Men die.
dialog: Baroni
dialog: Six days!
dialog: Elliott (excited)
dialog: That'd be a tremendous help, Tarzant
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: Matearzan #3
speaker_heading: W=17-41 152 CONTINUED (3a)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan (matter~of-factly)
dialog: Men jhelp Boy. .Tarzan help men. Comes
text: Tarzan turns away.
dialog: Elliott (quickly)
dialog: I don't know how to thank you, Tarzan.
dialog: Medford
dialog: (in low voice to Baroni - sarcastically)
dialog: I'll be counting those six days.
text: Tarzan starts off. Boy grabs Tumbo who has
text: been standing wide-eyed watching Tarzan, and
text: runs after Tarzan.
dialog: Boy (to Tarzan)
dialog: This is Tumbo, Tarzan. He's my friend.
dialog: Tarzan (nods at Tumbo)
dialog: My friend.
text: The three move along together. Cheeta tags
dialog: along with them.
speaker_heading: 153° OUT
scene_heading: 154-155 * CLOSE ANGLE - NEAR TRUCK
dialog: Tarzan, Boy, Tumbo and Cheeta. As Tarzan
text: passes near truck, he stops suddenly. A
text: clicking sound comes from truck. Tarzan
text: strides over. Tarzan abruptly reaches into
text: truck, pulls out O'Doul as if he were a
dialog: rabbit.
dialog: O'Doul has been shooting pictures of Tarzan
text: with a fast-action camera.
text: ' Tarzan drops O'Doul and seizes camera, which
text: he is about to smash. Elliott comes into
dialog: scones
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 154-155
dialog: “157
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2) 45
dialog: Elliott (quickly - smiling)
dialog: That's not a gun, Tarzan. 0O!Doul was just
dialog: taking your picture. .
text: ‘Tarzan serutinizes camera - tumming it
text: upside down and over and over - obviously .
dialog: puzzled.
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: Picture?
dialog: O'Doul
text: (reaches into his pocket, brings out
text: a fistful of snapshots.)
dialog: Something like these, Mr. Tarzan - if you'd
dialog: care to squint an eye at ‘em.
text: Tarzan takes pictures, looks at them.
text: Cheeta jumps up on Tarzan's shoulder.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - INSERT - THE PICTURES IN TARZAN'S
text: HANDS AS HE RUNS QHROUGH THEM
dialog: The pictures: Action shots of the jungle -
text: giraffes, zebras, crocodiles, etc.
text: The last picture shows a dumpy but whole-
text: some looking middle-aged woman. She holds
text: a trowel, ond has evidently been working
text: in her backycrd garden.
text: Cheeta's paw comes into Shot, grabs the
text: woman's picture.
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - TARZAN, O'DOUL, CHEETA, AND
speaker_heading: GROUP
text: Cheeta flourishes picture, jabbers ex-
text: citedly. She likes what she sees.
dialog: O'Doul (to Cheeta)
dialog: Be careful now, me jack-a-dandy ~ that's a like~
text: ness of Meteo id and a precious possession.
dialog: Cheeta kisses picture - O'Doul shudders)
dialog: An’ it's just as well she's not here at the pre-
dialog: sent moment.
dialog: (screws up his face)
dialog: - just as well.
dialog: Tarzan (friendly)
dialog: Cheeta like picture.
text: Tarzan takes picture from Cheeta, returns it
text: to O'Doul. Cheeta jumps down frum Tarzan's
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: : COMTINUZD:
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: No.3.
dialog: A T=L7~41
speaker_heading: P Chg.
dialog: 
dialog: 157
speaker_heading: 157-X1
speaker_heading: 157--X1A
dialog: 157 ~-X2
dialog: 
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Tarzan (to 0'Doul)
dialog: O'Doul
dialog: Just as soon as I get the -
dialog: {nods to gasoline tank) .
dialog: ~ tank here fixed, ant bring up the other truck.
dialog: Come.
text: OtDoul takes out his bottle, takes a drink;
text: he smacks his lips.
dialog: O'Doul
dialog: (holds up bottle to Tarzan)
dialog: - the best, Mr. Tarzan - the best! Have a nip.
dialog: Ab -
text: Tarzan takes bottle, tries a sip. He spits
text: out the liquor and instinctively hurls the
text: bottle at a nearby boulder where it breaks
dialog: in a hundred pieces. ,
dialog: . Tarzan
dialog: Whiskey bad.
dialog: O'Doul (shaking his head)
dialog: Youtre the last man in the world I'd ever have
dialog: taken for a temperance worker, Hr. Tarzan -~
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - DAY = JUNGLE TRAIL :
text: The safari moves through the jungle. Tarzan,
text: and OfDoul head the safari on foot. Behind
text: them rumbles two trucks, and behind the
text: trucks the blacks are strung out.
scene_heading: CLOSE MEDIUM SHOT ~ FRONT OF TRUCK
text: Medford. drives first truck. In the seat with
text: him are Baroni and Boy. Tumbo stands in
text: truck just behind seat. Elliott drives second
dialog: truck, With him is M'thona.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~- MOVING
dialog: Tarzan and Q'Doul. ‘The horn from first truck
text: barks several times.
text: OfDoul (nodding back toward
dialog: truck - speaks to Tarzan)
dialog: You ladts havin' the time of his life with that
dialog: horn, Mr. Tarzan.
text: Tarzan looks back, grins.
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan No,3
dialog: 5-19-41 4a?
scene_heading: ches. 157=X2=1 CLOSE SHOT ~ (MOVING) FRONT SEAT OF TRUCK
dialog: (From Tarzan's angle)
dialog: 
dialog: Boy pounds horn,
scene_heading: 157-X2-2 BACK TO TARZAN AND O'DOUL - (MOVING SHOT)
dialog: Tarzan (grins)
text: Makes noise like small rhino.
dialog: O'Doul
dialog: And not as good a noise, I'll wager, There's no
text: -nechanical contraption. ¢an compare with the voice
dialog: of a livin' er'ature,
text: Tarzan (grins - slaps O'Doul on back,
dialog: almost breaking him in two)
dialog: O'Doul smart man,
dialog: O'Doul (rubbing his back)
dialog: Thankee, Mr, Tarzan - but another compliment like
dialog: that an! you'll have a smart corpse on yer hands,
dialog: (he gets himself together again)
dialog: Aye -- there's nothin!’ like nature, It's the
dialog: natural cr'atures -- the little birds an' the
dialog: beasties - it's them that touches the cockles
dialog: of yer heart --
text: O'Doul stops suddenly, looks off into
dialog: jungle, CAMERA STOPS? Tarzan continues
dialog: on trail, exits Shot, -
scene_heading: 157=X2A CLOSE SHOT - O'DOUL
text: A look of horror on his face,
scene_heading: 157=X2B WED, CLOSE SHOT ~ JUNGLE - (STOCK)
text: Hybird (Eckbird) comes out of brush, hobbles
text: grotesquely down toward O'Doul,
scene_heading: 157=X2C CLOSE SHOT =~ O'DOUL
text: He is rooted to the ground by his terror,
dialog: O'Doul (whispers a call for help
dialog: that can hardly be heard)
dialog: Mr, Tarzan -- Mr, Tarzan -- Mr, Tarzan -=
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 157-X2F
speaker_heading: 157=X2G
speaker_heading: 157-X2H
speaker_heading: 157=X2T
speaker_heading: 157 -X3
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ HYBIRD -(S'OCK)
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - O'DOUL
text: ‘Shuddering, he throws his arm across his
text: eyes, The auto horn, near at hand now,
text: sounds OVER SCENE,
scene_heading: “NED. CLOSE SHOT - HYBIRD. - (STOCK)
text: At sound of horn, bird runs for brush,
dialog: disappears, .
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ O'DOUL
text: He drops his arm cautiously, looks around.
scene_heading: HED, SHOT - CLEARING
text: No sign of Hybird.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT ~ O'DOUL
text: He is nervous a moment until he is sure bird
dialog: is gone,
dialog: O'Doul (brokenly)
dialog: -- I'll niver take another drink as long as I live
dialog: - niver!
dialog: (he turns and starts after Tarzan)
dialog: Oh, Mr, Tarzan{ -- Mr, fardan! -- Mr, Tarzan\ --
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MOVING - FRONT SEAT - TRUCK
text: Medford, behind wheel, Boy sits between hin
text: and Baroni, Tumbo stands. behind seat. Boy
dialog: pushes horn with grent enjoyment,
dialog: Medford (luughing - nods off)
text: O'Doul just saw a Hybird and he thinks he has the
dialog: horrors,
dialog: . Baroni (bored ~- disayreeably)
dialog: I don't know as T blame him, I think Ilia vetting
dialog: “the horrors myself,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan No.3
dialog: 5m19-41
dialog: Chgs.
dialog: 157=X3
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 48A
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Medford (grins )
dialog: Too much jungle?
dialog: Baroni (with cold sarcasm)
dialog: No - I'm just getting fed up with this tour of the
dialog: jungle we're making with -
text: (looks at Boy - then, nods off at Tarzan)
dialog: -- with the super-savage there, I had supposed we
text: were a scientific expedition - but it begins to lcok
dialog: as if we're collecting curiosities for the circus,
text: Boy blows horn, Baroni gives him a look of
text: annoyance, Boy, unaware of Baroni's look,
text: turns to Tumbe, indicates horn,
dialog: Boy (to Tumbo)
dialog: Here, Tumbo ~ you try pushing it.
text: Tumbo pushes the horn,
dialog: Baroni (to boys)
dialog: Haven't you -had enough of that?
dialog: Boy (seriously)
dialog: No, sir,
dialog: Baroni (irritated)
dialog: Well, I've had enough of it. Stop it.
text: Boy, surprised and hurt, slumps back in seat,
speaker_heading: - CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: » Tarzan No.3
speaker_heading: nee 157-X3
speaker_heading: Chgs
dialog: 4
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2) YB
dialog: Medford (after a while - to Boy)
dialog: When do we come to the escarpment, young fellow -~
dialog: have you any idea?
dialog: Boy
dialog: Pretty soon, now, sir, We'll be able to see it
dialog: when we get’ through the woods,
dialog: (boyishly)
text: It reaches almost to the sky.
dialog: Baroni (sourly)
dialog: That's a help. .
dialog: Boy
dialog: If we had an airplane, we could fly up there,
dialog: couldn't we -- couldnt we?
dialog: Medford (kidding)
dialog: Yes, indeed. I'd have brought one along if Tld
dialog: thought of it. .
dialog: Boy (boyishly)
dialog: I was going to buy an airplane when I got to civili-
dialog: zation, I was going to buy an automobile, too - a
dialog: big one, bigger than this one.
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: I was going to buy everything. Gold buys every-
dialog: thing, doesn't it?
text: Neither Baroni nor Medford reacts. He feels
text: a little flat.
text: Boy reaches into his loin cloth, fishes out a
dialog: pair of nuggets, Still neither man pays any
dialog: attention, :
text: Boy holds the nuggets up for Tumbo.
dialog: Boy
dialog: Here, Tumbo - take them - feel them - they buy every-
dialog: thing.
text: Tumbo takes one of the nuggets, looks at it
text: without much interest. He returns the nugget
text: to Boy. The nugget falls to the floor of the
text: car, Boy leans over, picks it up.
text: As he picks up nugget, Baroni notices the Bold
text: in the boy's hand.
dialog: Baroni
dialog: What's that?
dialog: . Boy
dialog: Gold, :
dialog: ” Baroni (curious)
dialog: Gold?
speaker_heading: CON TINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: Taraun No.3
dialog: 5-7-41
dialog: Chgs.
dialog: 157=X3
dialog: 
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (3)
dialog: Boy
dialog: Yes, sir, Gold, It buys everything.
text: Medford takes his eyes off the trail, sees
text: the gold, He almost loses control of the car.
text: Baroni and Medford exehange glances, ‘Baroni
text: puts out his hand for the nuggets.
dialog: Baroni (trying to be casual)
dialog: Let me have a look at those,
text: Baroni studies the nuggets. After a moment
text: Baroni passes them over to Medford who, divid-
text: ing his attention with the road, studies then
text: also, Medford passes nuggets pack to Boy,
dialog: Medford (friendly nov)
dialog: Where'd you get the gold, lad? :
dialog: Boy
dialog: In the river where we go swimming.
text: Baroni and Medford exchange looks again,
dialog: Baroni
dialog: I sce,
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Well, if I were you, little man, I wouldn't tell
dialog: anybody about that gold, It loges its value when
dialog: you talk about it,
dialog: Boy is puzzled,
dialog: Medford (taking up the iden + very
dialog: friendly also)
dialog: Gold is. tabu in civilization, lad = you don't sen-
dialog: tion it to anyone, You keep it a secret ~ see‘
dialog: 
dialog: Boy
dialog: Shouldn't I tell the profess sor, even?
dialog: Medford
dialog: No, no, It wouldn't be a secret, then. You better
dialog: not even tell anyone you told us,
dialog: Baront
dialog: I'll tell you something, - you keep the gold a real
dialog: seeret -= und tell nobody ee and welll buy you an
dialog: airplane all for yourself.
dialog: Boy
dialog: You will?
dialog: Barvond
dialog: Wetlt buy. you two of them,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: » Tarzor iu .8
dialog: 
dialog: | Ge5-41
speaker_heading: OES. 157-48
dialog: a
dialog: ss
dialog: 159-163
dialog: 164
dialog: 
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (4)
dialog: Boy (excited )
dialog: Gee = then, Tumbo can have one,
dialog: Medford (nods)
dialog: And we'll buy. you an automobile, too,
dialog: can't he?
dialog: Baroni
dialog: We'll buy you anything you want.
dialog: Boy (stirred )
dialog: Whee..., ;
text: (outs nuggets away) .
dialog: It's a secret, I won't tell anyone ever,
dialog: Medford
dialog: You're sure?
dialog: ‘Boy (solemnly)
dialog: I promise,
dialog: Baroni (pats Boy)
dialog: Go ahead, boy - blow the horn if you feel like it.
dialog: Medford ,
dialog: Sure = you go ahead and blow the horn all you want,
text: Boy goes after the horn, pounds it exuberantly,
text: Baroni and Medford exchange looks, As they do,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT. (STOCK) THE PRECIPICE OF THE
text: ESCARPMENT RISING DIGZILY AGAINST THE SKY
dialog: on
scene_heading: DISSCLYE TO.
speaker_heading: A SERIES OF DISSOLVES (STOCK)
text: showing the expedition elimbing the Escarpment.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - TOP OF ESCARPMENT - DAY
text: The safari reaches top. Tarzan and Boy are
text: first over rim, O'Doul and Tumbo follow.
text: O'Doul is panting from the climb, Tarzan
text: gives his call and turns back to guide rest
dialog: of safari over top,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: Chas «
dialog: 
dialog: 2/17 /%
dialog: arzan #3
dialog: 1.
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
speaker_heading: 5OA
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2):
text: Elliott comes over top, staggers. Tarzan _
text: grabs him, supports him. Boy puzzled, watches
dialog: Elliott. .
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - ELLIOTT, BOY AND TARZAN
dialog: Elliott (his nand across his eyes)
dialog: Thank you, Tarzan. Ly head was spinning there for
dialog: a moment.
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: Escarpment high up»
dialog: Elliott
dialog: Yes, it must be the altitude -
dialog: (brightens up - himself again)
dialog: But I'm fine now, thanks.
text: Tarzan carefully watches nim. dane's call is
text: heard OVER SHOT. All react. “Soy listens
text: rigidly a moment, then races out of scene.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - SHOOTING TOWARD WOODS
text: Jane swings down out of woods on virile. Soy
text: sees Jane; races toward her. dane waves
text: excitedly at sight of Soy. She races toward
text: soy. They meet, embrace.
text: Tumbb and O'Doul advance in beg., Tumbo
text: trotting on ahead.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CLO SHOT - JANE Ai BOY SL
dialog: Jane (deliriously happy)
dialog: Oh, darling....darling....where've you been?
dialog: where'd y you go? I've been so worriedt
dialog: Boy (trying to pull out of embrace)
dialog: Are you going to punish me, Mother?
dialog: Jane (has to smile)
dialog: No, dear -- not now - but you must never go away
dialog: again.,..never, What happened to you?
dialog: mon” (casually)
dialog: Oh, » nothing uct
dialog: me approaches)
dialog: ~ Here's Tumbot
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: . ore stops bashfully nearby. Buli approaches,
dialog: O'Doul, Tarzan, Cheeta, benind them, slliott,
dialog: Baroni and liea#ord appear sone distance 1n beg.
dialog: Boy (pulls Tusibo to Mother - still
dialog: excitedly)
dialog: This 1s Tubo, Nother! He's my best friend! He
dialog: can't talk very well yet, Uouch -
dialog: Jane (holds out hend - smiling)
dialog: Happy to meet you, Tunbo.
text: fumbo (hesitates - then, hooks his
dialog: little finger through Jane's)
dialog: Friend,
dialog: Boy
dialog: I met Tuubo just before the rhino was Joing to
dialog: kill him --
dialog: Jane (stunned)
dialog: A rhino! What rhino?
dialog: Boy (with a sway,‘er)
dialog: Oh, a big one, But IT rixed hiuh That wos before
dialog: we came into the plague: --
dialog: Jane (nearly passes out)
dialog: Plague!
dialog: Boy (to elepnant who has come up
dialog: besiue hin)
dialog: 'Lo, Bult!
speaker_heading: COWL INUED s
dialog: 
dialog: apg.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Jane (frightened)
dialog: Boyt What plague? Tell met
text: Boy (nonchalantly cocky) .
dialog: The plague in Tumbo's village. It didn't scare
dialog: me, though.
dialog: (O'Doul approaches)
dialog: Look = here's Mr. O'Doull He came just when I was
dialog: going to fight them --
dialog: _ dane ( in panic now)
dialog: Pight? Fight whom?
dialog: Boy (nonchalantly)
dialog: The Ubardi.e There were thousands of them.
dialog: (to O'Doul who is now beside them)
dialog: Wasn't ther:, lir. O'Doul? This is Mr. O'Doul,
dialog: Mothers
dialog: dane (bewildered, forcing a smile)
dialog: How do you do, Mr. O'Doul.
text: Tarzan and Cheeta enter scene.
dialog: O'Doul (bowing)
dialog: It's a great pleasure, indeed, Madam.
dialog: Jane (tries to get a grip on herself)
dialog: Please excuse me, hire Q'Dould At the moment I don't
dialog: know whether I'm coming or going. .
dialog: (to Tarzan)
dialog: Tarzan -~
text: Cheeta makes a grab for O'Doul's camera which
text: is strapped to his shoulder. O!Doul pushes
dialog: him aways
dialog: O'Doul
dialog: Glwan, ye little scalliwagl - an! don't be a-botherin!
dialog: yer elders,
text: O'Doul backs out of scene. Cheeta follows hin.
dialog: Jane (continuing with Tarzan)
dialog: ‘Tarzan == what-are these horriblo tales}. dre they
dialog: true? ,
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: Boy have Boe time.
dialog: grins - roughs up Bo
dialog: Little Tarzan. . P Boy)
dialog: Here's Mr, Elli tee (ox aries
dialog: I he: ° mother! - and lir. Baroni
dialog: Mr. Medfordl , ‘. 7 and
dialog: 
dialog: 167-X2
speaker_heading: 167-X3
speaker_heading: 167 -X4
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE - GROUP
dialog: Elliott, Baroni, and medford Approach.
text: O'Doul can be seen in beg.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - O'DOUL
text: He stands near tree, focusing camera,
text: CaMERa SWINGS UP INTO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CHEETA IN TREE ABOVE O'DOUL
text: Cheeta, on protruding limb, watches O!Doul
dialog: below.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: As Elliott and others enter.
dialog: Jane (smiling)
dialog: How do you do, gentlemen.
dialog: Baroni, Medford (together)
dialog: How do you do, Madam -
dialog: Pleased to meet you.
dialog: Boy (to Jene)
dialog: They came gust when the Ubardi set fire to me.
dialog: The fire was burning my feet, too - but I :
dialog: wasn't scared --
dialog: (to Zlliott)
dialog: »Was I, Mr. Elliott?
dialog: ho
text: Jeane, in panic again, looks from one to
dialog: the other.
dialog: Jane
dialog: (trying hard to force a smile)
dialog: lease, gentlemen, maybe before I lose my mind
dialog: you can tell me what happened -~
dialog: Elliott
dialog: Hets all right, Madam. You can see that he came
dialog: to no harm.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: 
dialog: Pltasel. All of yet Look this way, ni Look this
dialog: ways
text: All turn quickly, look. O'Doul is set with
text: camera to take picture of group.
dialog: O'Doul (grins)
dialog: Thankee, thankee all -- It's a veritable master=
dialog: piecel
text: He snaps picture. As he does, Cheeta, leaping
text: from the tree, lands on his back, knocking
dialog: O'Doul forwards O'Doul drops camerae Cheeta
text: picks up the camera and races for the woods
text: with it. Boy starts after her in chase.
dialog: Boy (as he runs)
dialog: Cheeta! Cheetat
dialog: Jane (trying to keep from laughing)
dialog: Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. O'Doul.
dialog: . O'Doul (with effort)
dialog: Think nothint of it, Ma'm - It's a playful little
dialog: ertature she is --
text: (then, sputtering under nis breath)
dialog: The little, hairy divil!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TOs
scene_heading: 167-X5 CLOSE UP = INSERT - NIGHT
text: O'Doul's hands shuffle a photo print about in
text: a pan of developer wash. The picture vaguely
text: takes form, and is seen to be Tarzan, Jane,
dialog: and groupe
dialog: 168-171 our ‘
scene_heading: 172 MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT - GROUP AROUND O!DOUL -
speaker_heading: SAFARI CAMP =
text: Boy and Tumbo, fascinated, watch O'Doul as he
text: develops picture in pan on camp table near
text: tent. Cheeta hops around on table. Tarzan
text: stands over them watching, but somewhat aloof.
dialog: CAMERA PANS ALONG safari camp tot
scene_heading: ° Mut.tuy CLOSE SHOT = JANE AND ELLIOTT
text: seated watching the others.
dialog: a came
dialog: (fie
dialog: slo.
dialog: ache
dialog: (19/41
dialog: 
dialog: 172
dialog: 172-4
dialog: 173
dialog: 
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Jane (smiling at group)
dialog: Boy's having the time of his life. Just think he's
dialog: never seen a photograph before. <=
dialog: Elliot (quietiy)
dialog: There doesn't seem to be any need for that sort of
dialog: thing in this beautiful private world you have here.
dialog: I feel almost like an intruder, here -~ .
dialog: Jane (interrupting) .
dialog: But you're not, Professor -- you're a friend and
dialog: welcome gucst.s We hope to have you stay with us
dialog: for a long time.
dialog: : Elliot
dialog: I'd like to -= indeed, I'd like nothing better than
dialog: to spend the rest of my days here but <= I'm afraid
dialog: we'll have to push on. We have a job ahead of us.
dialog: Jane (smiling) :
dialog: After youlre here a while, you'11 discover those
dialog: jobs aren't nearly so important as you thought they
dialog: weres
dialog: Boy's Voice (o«8. = excitedly)
dialog: Look! Everybody's lost their headst
text: Jane and Elliott turn to look, smiling.
scene_heading: CLOSE MEDIUM SHOT.- GROUP AT TABLE -
dialog: O'Doul ~
dialog: Yes, me lad, they're lostall right --
dialog: he glares at Checta)
dialog: -- and for that ye can thank your fine little furry
dialog: friend here.
text: He makes a face at Cheeta. Cheeta responds
text: by grabbing the picture and running off with
text: ite Boy chascs her. Checta scoots into a
text: nearby tent. .
dialog: O'Doul (shakes his head sadly)
dialog: If.she were mine, Mr. Tarzan, I'd have her examined
dialog: e- and I'd waste no timo about it oithor.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT ~ INTERIOR O'DOUL'S TanT -
dialog: Boy f ollows Cheata into tont, cornors hor on
text: table, tak.s picture and exits with it. Chccta
dialog: examines various articles on table = tries
text: O'Doul's hat on, pokes around a movie camera,
text: ate. until sho cones across a bottle
speaker_heading: CONTINUUDs
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 173-X1
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 
dialog: 55-A
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: of Irish whiskey.
text: Cheeta takes a swallow of the whiskey, sput-
text: ters ~ puts the bottle down. She turns away
dialog: from bottle as if she wants no part of it -
text: then, suddenly finding the taste to her lik-
text: ing, she turns back to the bottle and begins
text: to gurgle it Gown. Cheeta gets a bun on,
dialog: exits.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - EXTERIOR O'DOUL'S TENT +
text: Cheeta staggers out of tent, rolls around
text: on ground, looks up and sees -
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - BOY, BARONI AND MEDFORD -
speaker_heading: AT TELESCOPE
text: Boy is looking through telescope. Tumbo
text: stands just behind him,
scene_heading: CLOSE UP - INSERT ~ TELESCOFIC SHOT .
text: & full moon’ showing its mountains and craters.
dialog: Boy's Voice (over shot)
dialog: But I can't see the Man in the Moon now. Where is .
dialog: he gone to?
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT ~ GROUP AT. TELESCOPE
dialog: Baroni
dialog: (he likes destroying illusions)
dialog: There's no Man in the Moon ~ that's just an
dialog: illusion. The face you sce is only the shadows
text: of the mountains andcraters on the moon.
text: Boy pulls back from telescope. Tumbo
dialog: steps upe
dialog: Boy
dialog: (his excitement gone - speaks almost sadly)
dialog: Oht I used to dike htm. ew hy Looked wo friendly.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan #3
dialog: “Chgs« 177
dialog: 2-19-41
dialog: pryr
dialog: 
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Medford
dialog: (being very comradely)
dialog: You've got new friends now, sonny.
dialog: (pats him)
dialog: Ana, by the way, when are you going to show us the
dialog: place where you get the gold?
dialog: Boy
dialog: (looks carefully about camp)
dialog: You mean the secret?
dialog: (Baroni and Medford nod - Boy whispers)
dialog: Tomorrow morning - before anyone's up?
dialog: Baroni. (nods)
dialog: Good.
dialog: . Medford
dialog: Fines :
dialog: (Medford sees Jane and Elliott.
dialog: approaching - raises his voice)
dialog: How'd you like to look through a microscope to-
dialog: morrow? It's a machine that makes little things
dialog: rok big -- it'll make a hair look as large asa
dialog: Of +
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: L7é
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182-189
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2) 57-60
dialog: Boy
dialog: Whee -- I certainly would --
text: Jane and Elliott come to telescope.
dialog: Jane
dialog: I'm so happy Boy is getting a chance to see somo of
dialog: the wonders of science. I'll never be able to thank
dialog: you gentlomen.
dialog: Baroni and Modford
dialog: It's nothing matt, - Only too glad to do it. --
dialog: Jane (to Boy)
dialog: Professor Elliott has arranged another surprise for
dialog: you -~ movies,
dialog: Boy (puzzled)
dialog: Movies? What's that?
dialog: Jane (laughing)
dialog: You wait and soe.
dialog: Elliott (smiling)
dialog: I think O'Doul has the projection machine set up
speaker_heading: NOWs
dialog: . Jane
dialog: Come on Boy - and you, too, Tumbo.
text: Hlliott, Jane, Boy and Tumbo exit. Elliott
text: and Medford exchange looks.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT = BSRONI AND MZDFORD
dialog: Baroni (with a little smile)
dialog: It looks as though we'll be getting up early in the
dialog: morning.»
dialog: Medford (grins)
dialog: I'a be willing to stay up all night.
dialog: They exite
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CHHHTA - SIi# STANDS WAVERING Oi
speaker_heading: HER FUET -
text: Tha telescope off catches hor eye.
scene_heading: MEDIUL SHOT - TELESCOPE - AS SEEN BY CHAETA -
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT - CHEETA -
text: ‘She zigezags toward telescope.
dialog: out
dialog: 
dialog: | zs
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 196
dialog: 197
dialog: 
dialog: 6/
dialog: our
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - AT TELESCOPE
text: Cheeta enters, looks telescope over, Finally,
text: she puts her eye to the wrong end of the tele-
text: scope. What she sees, makes her jump erazily.
text: She takes her eye away from glass, tries to
dialog: find beyond what she saw through telescope,
text: then returns to glass, She jabbers wildly.
scene_heading: MED, LONG SIOT - BULI, THE ELEPHANT - GRAgING
speaker_heading: AT EDGE OF CAuP
text: just within circle of light of outpost lamp.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP - INSERT - WHAT CHEETA SEES. -
speaker_heading: (TELESCOPIC SHOT)
text: The elephant looks the size of a fly through
dialog: wrong end of telescope, . ,
text: Cheeta's jabbering continues OVER SHOT.
scene_heading: MED, CLOSE SHOT ~ AT TELESCOFE
text: Cheeta, baffled, spins the telescope about on
text: its pivot. She gets the right end, squints
dialog: through it, She is quict a moment,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - A DRAGON FLY IS BUZZING AROUND
text: IN AIR A FEW FRET BeYOND TL TELESCOPE
text: flirting with the flame of an oil lamp,
text: Suddenly, a wild jabbcring is hcard from Cheeta.
scene_heading: Mlb, CLOSH SHOT - CHESTA AT TELESCOPE -
text: She Jumps up and down, Jabbery crazily,
text: CLOSE UP + THE FLY AS CHEBTA SEES IT
text: The fly, looking like some terrifying prehis~
text: toric winged wonoter, approaches telescope,
text: growing larger as it does so, .
dialog: Cheota Lots go a acream of friynt.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 198
dialog: 199
speaker_heading: 201-X1
dialog: 202
dialog: 
dialog: 62
scene_heading: "WIDE ANGLE ~ AT TELESCOPE
text: Cheeta has seen enough, She covers her face
text: with her arms and stumbles away from telescope.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - CawiP - NEAR BULI
text: Cheeta, her face still hidden behind her arus,
text: stumbles into scene. Buli turns, looks her
dialog: over.
text: OFF SCENE, a locomotive whistle screams.
text: -Cheeta drops her guard, looks. Buli looks.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - FROM CHEZTA'S AND BULI'S ANGLE -
dialog: WHAT THEY SEE.
dialog: The movies have begun. The whites ara groupod
dialog: about a portable projoction wachine, its
text: curront supplicd by a small gas generator.
dialog: O'Doul operatcs machine. Safari blacks glido
text: in and out of darkness and huddle in groups on
text: grass, staring spollbound at scrocn.
dialog: 
dialog: The Locomotive of um Gxpress sours Qui tLagns
text: toward camera, its whistle shric«ing. Safari
text: blacks shako in fcar.
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - CHEETA AND BULI
text: Cheeta gives a screech of fright and streaks
text: for woods. Buli trumpets and rumbles after her.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - CLEARING BEFORE TARZAIN'S HOME
dialog: the movies and the. spectators - SHOOTING
speaker_heading: FROM BsHIND projoctor. :
text: The reactions of the crowd are many and mixed.
dialog: Bowildermont, pleasure, fear, all are given
dialog: expression.
dialog: 
dialog: 208
dialog: 209
dialog: 210
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 63
text: A SERIES OF CLOSE SHOTS OF IH SPECTATORS
dialog: illustrate the reactions: the blacks in
dialog: fear or awe; Tarzan, calm, aloof; Jane,
text: near Elliott, excited and pleased; Baroni
text: and Medford, bored; Boy and Tumbo bewil-
text: dered, amused, excited,
scene_heading: MED, CLOSE SHOT - JANE, TARZAN, MEDFORD,
speaker_heading: BARONI AND ELLIOTT
text: All faces intent on pictures.
dialog: Jane (vhispers to Tarzan)
dialog: Isn't it exciting?
text: Tarzan does not answer, continues to watch
text: screen with an impassive, brocding face.
dialog: Medford (nods toward screen)
dialog: There's speed for you, Tarzan --
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - SCREEN
text: An express train speeds out of distance and
text: roars by camera,
speaker_heading: BACK TO GROUF
dialog: Medford
dialog: That train goes a hundred miles an hour,
dialog: (Train mentioned to be deterriined by Shot used)
dialog: Tarzan (without expression)
dialog: Why?
dialog: Medford (amused at the silly ques~
dialog: tion)
dialog: It gets you there faster,
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: Why?
dialog: Medford (patiently)
dialog: You save time, of course,
dialog: : : Tarzan
dialog: What do with time?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 210
dialog: ell
dialog: 212
dialog: 213
speaker_heading: 214-£1E
speaker_heading: 220
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2) . be
text: Elliott laughs, Medford squirms, annoyed,
dialog: Elliott
dialog: I'm afraid he has you there, hiedford,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ JANE AND TARZAN
text: Affectionately, she puts her hand on his.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOY AND TUMBO
text: Their eyes fairly popping out,
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - THE CLEARING
text: On the sereen, various shots of cities with
text: its autos, ships, etc. A huge transport plane,
text: shining in the sun, glides toward camera,
dialog: Jane (pointing to screen)
dialog: Look, Boy -~ there's an airplane.
dialog: Roy (rising in his seat)
dialog: Look! Tumbo! Ah airplane, Tumbo! -~ that's what
dialog: Mr, Baroni's going to get us when we get the gold!
dialog: Look}
text: Ali turn, stare at Boy,
speaker_heading: 4& SERIES OF CLOSSUFS
text: Tarzan, alert; Jane, bewildercd; Elliott,
dialog: thoughtful; Baroni and Medford, annoycd;
dialog: O'Doul, curious, -
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOY AND TUMBO
text: They continue to starc excitedly at the screen,
text: Boy is completely unaware of what he's said,
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE ~ THE CLEARING
text: The movies come to a stop, Silence. O'Doul
text: turns on a work light. The safari blacks slip
dialog: away; the whites are alone, There is definite
dialog: 
speaker_heading: é5
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Jane (after a moment - very quickly)
dialog: Boy, I think you better go up to bed now, It's
dialog: long past your bedtime,
dialog: Boy (protesting)
dialog: But, Mother, I'm not a bit sleepy.
dialog: Bo ' Tarzan (sharply)
dialog: y got
text: There is. silence a moment.
dialog: Boy (finally)
dialog: Come on, Tumbo.
text: (the two boys move toward the house)
dialog: ‘Night, everybody.
dialog: Jane, Elliott and O'Doul
dialog: Good night. -
dialog: Good night, lad, -
dialog: See you tomorrow.
text: There is a moment's tense silence,
dialog: Jane (finally - she has to find out)
dialog: Mr, Baroni, my boy said something a minute ago about
dialog: you, and gold, and an airplane -- I didn't quite
dialog: catch what he meant --
text: Baroni stalls, lights ea cigarette.
dialog: Elliott
dialog: Yes, Baroni, what was that all 2bout?
dialog: Baroni (at ease now)
dialog: Nothing much,
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: It's just - well, the other day the little fellow
dialog: told me he'd found gold up here on the escarpment,
dialog: Naturally -- :
dialog: Elliott
dialog: Gold up here$
dialog: O'Doul
dialog: Glory be} ~- we'll all be rich}
text: Jane and Tarzan are stunned, Baroni notices
dialog: their reaction,
dialog: Baroni (going on = very casual)
dialog: -- So, naturally, I told him what a great picee of
dialog: luck that would be. I told him some of the things
dialog: he could buy with gold - like the uirplane --
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan No.3
dialog: 5-21-41
dialog: Chgs,
speaker_heading: 220
dialog: 
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (3)
text: Tarzan's face darkens - he is about to
text: speak, Jane, seeing this, breaks in,
dialog: Jane (quickly - with little too
dialog: much emphasis)
dialog: Oh, but that's such nonsense, Boys tell the most
dialog: fantastic tales -
dialog: Baroni (suspects they're covering
dialog: up = smiles )
dialog: Of course, and I wouldn't: have given it a second
dialog: thought, 1f =-
dialog: (makes his point coolly)
dialog: -- if the lad hadn't shown me several gold nuggets
dialog: he had with him --
dialog: . Jane (too quickly again)
dialog: Oh -
dialog: (recovers - forcing a smile)
dialog: Boy might have come across them on his travels --
dialog: (tries to joke)
dialog: -+ he was on his way to civilization, you know,
text: Baroni is aware of the truth now.
dialog: Baroni (after a pause)
dialog: Well, that's that, I'm afraid the Boy is going
dialog: to be disappointed,
dialog: Elliott (suspicious)
dialog: But, Baroni.= why didn't you mention this gold
dialog: business before?
dialog: Baroni. (easily - aniling)
dialog: It seemed a little hard to believe, Professor, I
dialog: was going to wait and dig around a Dit —
dialog: Tarzan (suddenly)
dialog: Not .
dialog: : Medford (flaring up)
dialog: Wait a minute, This is any man's country up here,
dialog: Tarzan, Nobody owns this part of the world.
text: Tarzan (advaneing fiercely on
dialog: Medford - who gives way before him)
dialog: Tarzan's country,
dialog: Jane
dialog: Tarzan, Please}
text: (Tarzan steps back a pace, but remains
dialog: tense)
dialog: This is not anybody's country, Mire Medford, It's
dialog: our home}
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: - CONTINUED (4) : “7
dialog: Elliott (quickly)
dialog: And we'd be very poor guests indeed if we repaid
dialog: your hospitality by doing anything to displease
dialog: Tarzan or yourself.
dialog: turning to Medford and Baroni)
dialog: I know you will agree with me on that point,
dialog: gentlemen,
dialog: Tarzan (suddenly)
dialog: Jane come, Go home,
dialog: Tarzan starts out,
text: O'Doul (sighs - turns back to
text: _ projector, shaking his head)
dialog: Ah, I'm afraid the O'Doul's were born to be poor to
dialog: the end of their days.
dialog: Tarzan (calls back)
dialog: Jane come!
dialog: Jane (trying to be offhand):
dialog: Coming! .
dialog: (she turns to follow Tarzan)
dialog: Good night, - and thank you very much for the films,
dialog: Elliott
dialog: Good night and slecp easily, We lcave tomorrow
dialog: morning, and you and your family will have your
dialog: home to yourselves again.
dialog: All
dialog: Good night.
dialog: It was our pleasure --
dialog: Good night --
dialog: Lite, :
dialog: Jane and Tarzan disappear,
text: There is silence, O'Doul is at projector,
text: goes about dismantling it, Z11iott looks
dialog: Baroni and Wedford over,
dialog: Elliott (finally - gravely)
dialog: I hope, gentlemen, we'll have no more talk of gold,
dialog: This ig a scientific expedition and I will not per-
dialog: mit it to- turn. into a gold hunt, .
dialog: Medford (sullenly}
dialog: Are you afraid of that savage?
dialog: . Elliott
dialog: No, it isn't that - though I don't believe we'd have
text: a chance aguinst him in the juntlo, Tt's sinply
dialog: we've been given to understand there's no gold to be
dialog: had hore, and I boliove it.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: Tarzan No.3
speaker_heading: 5a21—41
dialog: Ches. 920
dialog: eel
dialog: 222
speaker_heading: 223
dialog: 
dialog: 68"
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (5)
dialog: Elliott (continued)
dialog: I want to believe it, I like Tarzan, He's created
dialog: a beautiful home in this paradise here, and I
dialog: wouldn't. want to see it overrun and destroyed.
text: , (he pauses - when he speaks, he speaks
dialog: quietly)
dialog: I trust you gentlemen will feel the same way. Good
dialog: night.
text: He turns on. his heel and moves quickly toward
text: tents, Baroni and Medford, disturbed, look
text: after him, Suddenly, O'Doul staggers and col-
text: lapses, Bareni and Medford go quickly to him.
text: O'Doul is ill. He shakes his head to rid him-
dialog: self of his wooziness,.
dialog: O'Doul (weakly)
dialog: Thank ye, It's a little touch of vertigo that hit
dialog: me ==
dialog: (forcing a grin)
dialog: For a moment there, I thought maybe I'd been drinkin!-
text: O'Doul gets to his feet.
dialog: Medford (coolly)
dialog: You better get to bed.
text: Medford and Baroni exchange looks.
dialog: Baroni
dialog: You better get to bed and stay there,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: Yes.
dialog: out
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - BOY'S ROOM
text: Tarzan enters, Jane behind him, Tarzan
text: goes directly toward Boy's bed,
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE ~ AT BED
text: As Tarzan and Jane come to bedside,
text: Boy tosses, mumbles in his sleep.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED ¢
dialog: 
dialog: ae
speaker_heading: 223
dialog: 224
dialog: 225
dialog: 6o
speaker_heading: ' CONTINUED (2)
dialog: ‘ Tarzan (grimly)
dialog: Boyt
dialog: Jane (quickly)
dialog: Sh-heh -- don't wake him now, Tarzan, :
dialog: (she bends over him, listens) ~ \
dialog: Poor little fellow - he's mumbling about airplanes--
text: Boy stops talking, looks as if he is going '
text: to wake, Jane and Targan watch, Boy
text: settles back to sleep.
dialog: Jane (feeling Boy' s forehead, whispers)
text: He seems a little feverish.
text: (worriedly, shaking her “head)
dialog: I hope all this excitement hasn't upset him, Come --
dialog: (starts out)
dialog: You can talk to him in the morning when the excite-
dialog: ment's over,
text: As Jane and Tarzan exit,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - RIVER ~ EARLY MORNING
text: Baroni and Medford stand on bank watching
text: water, On ground, just behind them, is a
dialog: rifle,
text: After a moment, Boy pops out of water,
text: swims to shore.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE ~ BANK
text: as Boy climbs out of river. He has a single
text: gold nugget in his hand. He gives it to
dialog: Baroni,
text: Baroni and Medford are on edge with excitement,
dialog: Boy
dialog: That's the last one, Mr, Baroni,
dialog: Baroni (disappointed)
dialog: Are you sure?
dialog: Boy
dialog: Yes, Sir, I hunted all over the bottom, There's
dialog: no more,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 225
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: Medford (holding up a few nugcets
dialog: in his hand)
dialog: It's not much, is it?
text: Both men are disappointed.
dialog: Boy (timidly)
dialog: Is- it - is it enough to buy an airplane?
text: The men ignore the boy.
dialog: Baroni (shakes his head thought-
text: fully as he stares at river)
dialog: There must be more of it, There has to be more of
dialog: it.
dialog: Boy (trying to be helpful)
dialog: Tarzan knows where there's a whole mountain of it,
text: The two men wheel on Boy,
dialog: Medford and Baroni (together)
dialog: He doest - He knows where there's more}
dialog: Boy (nods)
dialog: That's what he said,
dialog: Baroni (to Medford ~ his eyes alight)
dialog: I knew it. I knew there was more of it.
dialog: (holds up nugget)
dialog: This isn't river gold! It's come from some vein of
dialog: almost solid metal -
dialog: (greed strains his face)
dialog: -- a great mother lode, perhaps.
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - BARONI ~ MEDFORD ~ AND BOY ON
scene_heading: BANK, TARZAN IN TREE
text: Tarzan swings out on vine, and drops preci-
text: pitately near party. He looks from one man to
text: the other, Boy. squirms a little, realizes some-
dialog: thing is wrong.
dialog: Baroni (trying to carry it off -
dialog: smiling)
dialog: Good morning, Tarzan, Do you know we were all wrong
dialog: last night? Your little lad here's much smarter than
dialog: we thought,
dialog: . Medford
dialog: sir, We've news for you, Tarzan, Look --
dialog: . (shows a lot of naygute)
dialog: - real gold,
dialog: Yes,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan. No,3
dialog: 5-22-41
dialog: Chgs.
dialog: 226
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: ‘Tarzan (burning)
dialog: Men lie last night!
dialog: Medford
dialog: Listen - will you, Tarzan -- |
text: During last speeches, Jane has come out of
text: woods, She runs directly te Boy, who stands
text: a short distance away from group.
dialog: Jane (to Boy)
dialog: Oh, here you are$ I've been looking everywhere for
dialog: you,
text: (then, to Tarzan - she’s puzzled by
dialog: their’ tension)
dialog: What's the matter, Tarzan?
dialog: Medford (quickly)
dialog: We were just showing Tarzan some gold the lad here
text: brought up from the river.
dialog: (gestures to Boy)
dialog: fe tells us Tarzan knows where there's a lot more of
dialog: te
text: Jane stiffens, looks at Tarzan,
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: Men got
dialog: Baroni (quickly)
dialog: Madam, there's great wealth here for ali of us, if
dialog: we're sensible about it --
dialog: Medford (appealing to her)
dialog: You ean be one of the richest women in the world --
dialog: vane
dialog: I've no wish to be. Last night I told you this is
dialog: our home here, I was hoping you'd consider it so -~
dialog: Tarzan (interrupts impatiently -
text: strides toward Baroni and Medford)
dialog: Tarzan say go}
dialog: Medford (rebelling)
dialog: Just a minute --
text: Medford leaps for gun, gets it, But before
dialog: he can use it, Tarzan tears it from him and
text: sends Medford’ sprawling, Tarzan breaks gun
text: over a rock, heaves it into river,
text: Tarzan turns to Jane and Boy,
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: Jane - Boy = homes
dialog: Got (to Baroni and Medford, pointing to woods)
dialog: joy
scene_heading: CONTINUED :. _ Sy :
dialog: 
dialog: 2
dialog: 2
dialog: 2:
dialog: 
dialog: 26
dialog: 28
dialog: Ubardi plague, Tarzan cure,
dialog: Vs
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (3)
text: Jane and Boy move along the river, Baroni
text: and Medford start off, Tarzan behind them,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE - CAMP
text: Medford and Baroni enter, Tarzan still behind
dialog: them, He has opviously driven them before
dialog: him from the river,
text: Elliott, puzzled, meets them by the tents,
dialog: Medford (quickly)
dialog: The man's a mad man, Frofessor., There is gold up
dialog: here -. just as the boy said,
text: Elliott (looks over Baroni and
dialog: Medford)
dialog: I see,
dialog: Baroni:
dialog: There's every indication of an extraordinarily rich
dialog: vein of it --
dialog: . Tarzan
dialog: Safari go}
dialog: Blliott (to Tarzan)
dialog: I'm sorry, Tarzan, I didn't know of this or it
dialog: wouldn't have happened,
dialog: (looks toward tent)
dialog: We'd be ready to start now, if O'Doul hadn't suddenly
dialog: been taken ill, He's a very sicK man at the moment.
dialog: We'll leave immediately he's well, :
dialog: At mention of O'Doul being ill, Tarzen steps
dialog: forward,
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: Little man sick?
dialog: Elliott (neds toward tent)
dialog: A touch of fever,
text: Abruptly, Tarzan strides into tent, Elliott
dialog: follows hin,
scene_heading: ULL SHOT - INTERIOR TiliWT - VARZAN BY O'DOUL
speaker_heading: ON COT .
text: O'Doul, stretched out. on cot, has a blanket
text: thrown over him, Vurzan vous to cot, examines
text: O'Doul, Elliott joins Tarzan beside O'Doul,.
dialog: Taraun (to klillott)
speaker_heading: CONTINUMD s
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: Tarzan swiftly exits, Elliott goes to
dialog: O'Doul'ts cot.
dialog: O'Doul (whispers)
dialog: Is - is Mr, Tarzan gone?
dialog: Elliott
dialog: Yes, but he'll be back soon, I'm pretty sure.
dialog: O'Doul .
dialog: Then, I want to tell ye somethin’ about him, I was
dialog: back in old Dublin just now --
dialog: Blliott (quickly - concerned)
dialog: Take it easy, Dennis, I wouldn't talk too much now,
dialog: O'Doul (weakly but clearly)
dialog: Me mind's not wanderin', Professor. Would ye kindly
dialog: let me have a sip of cool water?
dialog: (O'Doul drinks water Elliott gives him)
dialog: Yis, that's where I was just now, back in 014 Dublin
dialog: - ih a driftin' mist I was -- an! the mist was gettin!
dialog: thicker an' I was sort of driftin' with it, like I
dialog: was givin' up the ghost, JI was departin' herc,
dialog: Professor, I'm certain I was, -- 4n'then--
dialog: (takes a breath)
dialog: ~- ant then, Mr, Tarzan walked in, I stopped, I
dialog: couldn't go on, I couldn't, He put his hand on me
dialog: head, an' it yanked me back to life as sudden as a
dialog: rope aroun! me body,
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: 4h, he's a vital man, Mr, Tarzan is - a live an!
dialog: iivin' vital man, He's got life to spare, he has, -
dialog: Yis,
dialog: (shakes head weakly)
dialog: It's hard dyin' when Mr, Tarzan's about.
text: Tarzan enters, goes swiftly to table with a.
text: bunch of branches bearing a grape-like fruit.
text: Quickly, he squeezes juice into a cup. Elliott
dialog: watches hin,
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: Medicine cure,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
dialog: 230
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (3) . Gob
text: Tarzan goes to O'Doul's cot, gives him juice,
text: O'Doul makes a face after finishing the drink,
dialog: Tarzan (speaks almost gently)
dialog: Better soon,
dialog: “O'Doul (gratefully - with
dialog: whispered emotion)
dialog: Thankee, thankee, It's a fine Christian you are,
dialog: Mr, Tarzan,
dialog: He's
dialog: way
text: As O'Doul speaks, Cheeta comes chattering into
text: tent, Excitedly, she goes to Tarzan, jabbers
text: in his ear, Tarzan stiffens in sudden concern
text: and strides swiftly from the tent. Cheeta,
dialog: Jjabbering, follows hin,
text: Elliott, puzzled, walks to tent exit, looks
dialog: after him,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TOs
dialog: out
scene_heading: LIVING ROOM - TREE HOUSE
text: Tarzan strides across room to Boy's room.
speaker_heading: BOY'S RCOM -
text: Boy is in bed. Jane leans over him, spong~-
text: ing his face with cold water, Tumbo stands
text: in corner, looking on with wide, fearful eyus.
text: Boy is in’ a coma, Tarzan enters. dane turns
text: a worricd face toward Tarzan,
dialog: Jane (strained)
dialog: terribly sick, Tarzan, He collapsed on the
text: back from the’ river.
text: Tarzan quickly ‘examines Boy.
dialog: Tarzan (calmly)
dialog: Ubardi plague,
dialog: Not
dialog: Jane (panic begins)
dialog: Not
dialog: Targan
dialog: Tarzan cure, Get modieine,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 231
speaker_heading: 232-X1
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: Tarzan starts to go but Jane holds to him,
dialog: Jane
dialog: I'm afraid, darling - I'm terribly afraid ~-
dialog: Tarzan (gently)
dialog: Tarzan cure,
dialog: Jane (suddenly. - emotionally)
dialog: Oh, Tarzan -- Tarzan -- we should never have let
dialog: nin go out in the jungle by himself, It's my fault,
dialog: He'll - he'll die,
text: Tarzan pushes her away from him ~ gently.
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: Tarzan get medicine. Boy better soon,
text: Tarzan swiftly exits. Jane slowly turns
text: back to bed, She leans over Boy, sponges
text: his face again. A sob escapes her,
text: After a moment, Jane becomes aware of scared,
text: little Tumbo, érouching in corner, She stares
text: at him, gets’ an idea, Swiftly, she goes to
text: Boy's writing materials on table, begins to
dialog: write.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP - INSERT - JANE'S HANDWRITING
dialog: Professor Elliott: -
dialog: Boy is very ill, Would you kindly come --
dialog: As she writes,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: MED, CLOSE SHOT - AT ONE OF TRUCKS IN SAFARI
speaker_heading: CAMP
text: Baroni is strapping on a revolver. Medford
text: stunds at hand, holding a rifle,
dialog: Baroni (smiling)
dialog: ~~ You must remember that our Professor's turned out
dialog: to be a very pious man lately. He talks about this
dialog: jungle up hene as if it were actually Paradise -
dialog: and he already hud wings,
speaker_heading: CONTINULD ¢
speaker_heading: 232-X1
dialog: 238
dialog: 
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Medford (coldly)
dialog: Well, don't you think it's high time we brought hin
dialog: down’ to earth?
dialog: Baroni (finishes with revolver -
dialog: turns away)
dialog: Come on, We'll go over and talk to him,
scene_heading: INT. O'DOUL'S TENT
text: O'Doul, unconscious, is stretched out under
text: blankets on his cot. On a second cot across
text: tent, Elliott, fully dressed, relaxes, He
text: draw his hand back and forth across his
text: forehead, Apparently he is not well.
text: O'Doul stirs, mumbles unintelligibly, Elliott
text: gets up, goes to table, picks up cup of berry
text: juice and crosses to O'Doul with it. .
text: Elliott puts his hand on O'Doul's head, then
dialog: tries his pulse,
dialog: Elliott (finally - to O'Doul, still
dialog: unconscious)
dialog: Well, your fever's broken, Dennis, I don't think
dialog: you heed any more medicing for a while,
text: Elliott puts cup of juice back on table and
text: returns weakly to cot, Baroni and Medford
dialog: enter,
dialog: Elliott (looks them over)
dialog: I'm glad you've come, gentlemen.
dialog: (nods at other cot)
dialog: ol Doul's getting better, Tarzan's medicine did the
dialog: trick, :
dialog: Medford (studies him)
dialog: You look a little under the weather yourself,
dialog: Professor, How do you feel?
dialog: Elliott.
dialog: Oh, I'm all right - just a little rocky at the
dialog: moment, I'll come out of it,
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: We'll break camp the first thing tomorrow morning,
dialog: O'Doul will be able to travel then,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TT
speaker_heading: LL
speaker_heading: ‘LGPZEN 1090
dialog: 5-20-41
dialog: Chgs.
dialog: 233
dialog: 
speaker_heading: _ CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Baroni (coolly)
dialog: We've no intention of leaving .the escarpment,
dialog: Professor - not for a little while, in any event.
dialog: ‘ Elliott (with effort)
dialog: You're still members of this expedition, and I'm
dialog: still in charge.
dialog: Medford (almost casually)
dialog: We're not interested in the expedition at the moment,
text: Elliott looks up at the two men, Their
dialog: attitude is confident, superior, There
dialog: is a pause, The guns are obvious,
dialog: Elliott (finally indicating guns)
dialog: I see. So that's what the guns are all about.
text: (shaking his head slowly - smiles)
dialog: And you're the gentlemen who look upon Tarzan as
dialog: some sort of barbarian,
text: (he rises, shaky, he holds to a chair
dialog: for support)
dialog: Well, I'm sure of one thing, - I'm sure he'll know
dialog: how to deal with you.
text: He is weaker - he sits down on cot again,
text: There is silence as Baroni and Medford
text: watch Elliott. Elliott's head drops as
dialog: if he were going to pass out.
text: After a moment, Elliott looks up at the
text: two men, senses their attitude of triumph,
text: He tries to get up to reach the cup of juice
text: on the table and he cannot make it. Medford
text: reaches for cup to give to him, Baroni stays
dialog: his hand,
dialog: Baroni (to Medford)
dialog: Allow me = please,
text: Baroni reaches for the cup but his hand -
dialog: ' intentionally but apparently by accident =
text: knocks the cup over. Its contents spill
dialog: _ to the ground,
text: Elliott's pain-stricken face shows his rea-
text: lization of what has been done, He slumps
text: ‘back on hia cot, passes out, In the loaded
text: silence, Medford stares at Baroni, but Baronits
dialog: expression does not change.
text: Tumbo slips into tent. He looks over at
text: Elliott, then gives note he carries to Baroni
dialog: _ who reada it and pagsaa it to Medford, Ravonl
text: starts to walk out, Suddenly he stops and turns
dialog: back, :
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 
dialog: Yarzan wo,o0
dialog: 57-41
dialog: Chgs. 233
dialog: 234
dialog: 
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (3)
dialog: Baroni
dialog: Let me see that again,
text: Surprised, Medford hands him the papyrus,
text: Baroni reads note again and as he raises
text: his head and stares off, we see an idea
text: dawning in his eyes,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - BOY'S ROOM
text: Baroni and Medford enter, Tumbo slips in
text: behind them, Jane, at bedside, turns
text: Quickly toward them, She is chagrined at
dialog: not finding Elliott.
dialog: dane
dialog: On =~
dialog: Baroni
text: The Professor is down with the fever himself, Madam.
dialog: I've had some experience in medicine,
dialog: (a slight pause)
dialog: I thought perhaps I inight be able to help --
dialog: Jane (at a loss )
dialog: Boy's so ill, I don't know what to do.
text: Baroni goes to Boy, quickly examines him in
dialog: a professional manner - pulse, eyes, etc.
dialog: (nods) :
dialog: What have you done for himy
dialog: Baroni
text: Hets a very sick boy.
dialog: Jane
dialog: Tarzan's given him his medicine.
text: Tarzan enters unnoticed in b.g, Cheeta is
dialog: behind ine,
dialog: Baroni (shrugs )
dialog: I see, It's hard to tell much about thes se so-called
dialog: natural renee ty
dialog: (oases
dialog: O'Doul is worse,
dialog: dane (sharply concerned)
dialog: The medicine didn't help him?
dialog: Medford
dialog: No, Ma'm, He's much worse.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 234
dialog: ve
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: Tarzan steps forward, His dislike of
text: Baroni and Medford is obvious.
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: Men lies
text: Jane turns to Tarzan.
dialog: Jane (quietly)
dialog: Please, Tarzan - Wr, Baroni and Mr. Medford have
dialog: come here to help us.
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: Medicine cure, Boy better soon,
dialog: Jane (distraught)
dialog: I wish I could be sure, Tarzan -~-
dialog: (turns back to bed)
dialog: ~- but he's so very ill - and it's not ordinary
dialog: fever -- it's plague,
text: Tarzan steps forward, puts his arm affection-
dialog: ately around Jane,
dialog: Tarzan (gently)
dialog: Boy better. Tarzan know,
text: Jane sobs, - Baroni and Medford watch.
text: Medford swallows, Baroni remains hard,
dialog: cold,
dialog: Baroni (casual)
dialog: We have a medicine that might help, Madame, Sulfas
dialog: myradol, It's a new drug that works wonders in
dialog: “Gases Tike this. lr, Elliott's already sent a
dialog: runner for some.
text: Jane (spins around - faces him)
dialog: Where?
dialog: Medford
dialog: We foolishly left it with the truck at the foot of
text: the escarpment.
dialog: Baroni
dialog: The runner should be back in a day or two.
text: Jane (looks at Boy - her voice
dialog: strained)
dialog: A day or two? It may be too late,
dialog: Baroni (gravely)
dialog: Yes - it might,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED &
dialog: 
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: 204 CONTINUED (3)
dialog: Jane (suddenly)
dialog: Tarzan will go for it. He travels swiftly, He'll
dialog: be back by morning,
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: | Medford (quickly)
dialog: | . That's a good idea,
dialog: | Baroni (gravely)
dialog: ) Yes - it ig a good idea,
dialog: Tarzan (looks at Medford and Baroni)
dialog: No,
dialog: Jane (emotional)
dialog: But you have to go, Tarzan}
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: Tarzan's medicine cure,
dialog: Jane (goes to him = pleads)
dialog: Please, Tarzan. ~ we can't leave anything undone,
dialog: I've great faith in you, darling, always - but if
dialog: anything happened to Boy, we'd never forgive our~—
dialog: selves - never,
text: (throws her arms around Tarzan's neck
dialog: -- breaks) :
dialog: Oh, Tarzan - if you love me -- if you love Boy -
dialog: you must go, you must,
dialog: Tarzan (finally - quietly)
dialog: Tarzan go, :
text: Jane kisses him, .
dialog: Baroni (quickly)
dialog: The native guards at the truck will give it to you
dialog: Tarzan, It's a special medical kit - a small, white
dialog: tin box.
text: Tarzan moves quickly to bedside, touches Boy's
text: face, then exits, Jane follows him to door,
dialog: Jane (pleading - us he goes)
dialog: Hurry, Tarzan - hurry.
text: Jane turns back to’ Baroni And Medford,
dialog: Jane (gratefully)
dialog: Thank you, Thank you both,
text: Baroni and Medford move toward door,
dialog: Baroni
dialog: ¢ i) The sulfamyrodol will do the work if anything will,
dialog: b iy
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 234-X2
dialog: 235
speaker_heading: 235-X1
dialog: 236
dialog: 236--X1.
dialog: 236-2
speaker_heading: 236-X2a
dialog: out
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (4)
text: Jane, Medford and Baroni exit.
scene_heading: “CLOSE SHOT - TUMBO
text: He watches Medford and Baroni as they exit ~
text: a sharp look of suspicion on his face. He
text: looks over at Boy, then tiptoes toward door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVS TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - ZXPEDITION'S CAMP - NIGHT
text: Natives in moonlight noiselessly strike tents,
dialog: prepare for road. .
scene_heading: CLOSH SHOT - TUMBO IN ‘/OODS
text: He hides behind trees, sticks his head fur-
text: tively out of dark, watching clearing.
scene_heading: MED SHOT - CLHARING - AS SEEN ‘BY TUNBO
dialog: (Tumbo in Shot)
text: Baroni and Medford come out of a tent, move
text: away swiftly toward edge of clearing.
dialog: our
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - A GRASSY SPOT AT EDGS OF
speaker_heading: CLEARING =
text: In the moonlight, O'Doul is pushing a stake
text: into ground at one end of Hlliott's grave.
text: The grave. is covered with stones piled in a
text: rough oblong. O'Doul finishes with the stake
text: and picking up Elliott's helmet fro: the grass
text: nearby, places it on top of the low stake.
text: Having- done this, he steps back and reverently
text: removes his own helmet, holding it against
text: his breast in his two hands, as his head bows
dialog: in what might woll be a prayor.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2) Bla
text: As O'Doul bows there, Medford and Baroni come
text: into scene, stepping out of dark background
text: into moonlight. Ill at ease, they watch
dialog: O'Doul a moment.
dialog: 
dialog: \ AN . Baroni (finally - coldly)
dialog: \ All right, O'Doul - if you're finished there, you
dialog: d better get moving.
dialog: Medford
dialog: Right! and see to it the equipment is packed for
dialog: the road. We'll be back in half an hour.
text: Baroni and Medford continue on,. disappear in -
text: woods, O'Doul, with a last look at the grave,
text: moves back toward clearing.
scene_heading: 236-X2b. - ‘ MED. SHOT - TRAIN IN WOODS
text: Baroni and Medford move quickly through moon-
text: light and shade along trail in direction of
dialog: Tarzan's home.
scene_heading: 236=X3 CLOSZUP - TUMBO IN WOODS - WATCHING .
text: Fear on his face. He pulls back, darts away
dialog: into jungle, -
speaker_heading: DISSOLV=. TO:
scene_heading: 236-X4 -240 OUT.
scene_heading: 241 , CLEARING BEFORE TARZAN'S TREE TOP HOUSE -
speaker_heading: MO:NING
text: Sunny, tranquil. Tarzan's distent call is
text: heard from woods. It is repeated nearer.
dialog: 0h
dialog: 
dialog: sparzan #3
dialog: hange
dialog: /20/41
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 241-X1
speaker_heading: 241-xX2
speaker_heading: 241-X3
speaker_heading: 24l@X4
speaker_heading: tw
dialog: ~
dialog: 02
dialog: 
dialog: 82
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - CLEARING NZAR WOODS
text: Tarzan and Tumbo swing out on a vine ~
text: Tarzan holding Tumbo - and ake a landing.
text: Tarzan races across clearing.
text: CLOSE SHOT ~- IN WOODS aT HDCE OF CLSARING
dialog: Mthona, with sub-moachine ready, peers
text: .furtively out of woods, watching Tarzan.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - AT TARZAN'S HOUSE (STOCK)
text: Tarzan runs into scene, swings himself up to
dialog: lending.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CLEARING
dialog: Dumbo stands Locking up 2t house, anxiety
text: on his face.
scene_heading: TARZAN'S LIVING ROOK
text: Tarzen rushes in, goes to Jane's room.
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: (calling - as he senrches)
dialog: Jane! Boy! Janet Boyt Janet
dialog: 
text: Ile goes to living rooa, .s Barcni enters
dialog: from Boy's room.
speaker_heading: CONT TNUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 5-10-41
dialog: Chges.
dialog: Tarzan No +3
dialog: 242
dialog: 
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Baroni (evenly)
dialog: They're all right, Tarzan, ‘They're fine, Do you
dialog: know, you were right about your medicine? It cured
dialog: the little fellow -
text: (makes a vanishing gesture with one hand)
dialog: - just like that, Marvelous medicine, Really.
dialog: Tarzan (impatient)
dialog: Where Jane? Where Eoy?
text: Baroni puts the table between himself and
dialog: Tarzan,
dialog: Baroni
dialog: I tell you they're all right.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: There's something I'd like te talk to you about,
dialog: Tarzan -
dialog: (extremely casual) :
dialog: - I'd like to talk to you about that gold,
text: Tarzan suddenly hurls himself across table,
text: seizes Baroni's throat,
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: Where Jane? Where Boy?
text: Baroni is limp, is choking, unable to answer,
text: Tarzan realizes this, loosens. his grip.
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: Where take them?
text: Baroni recovers, massages his neck,
dialog: Baroni
dialog: That won't get you anything, It's no good to kill
dialog: ue,
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: You better quiet down or you'll never see your
dialog: family again,
dialog: Tarzan (striving to control himself)
dialog: Where Elliott?
dialog: Baroni
dialog: _ Elliott? Oh, he's gone, The fover fot him,
dialog: Tarzan (sharply)
dialog: Tarzun understand,
dialog: Baroni (continues quickly)
dialog: But your family's all right, Thoy're over with
dialog: Medford,
dialog: - (watchos Tarzan, carofuliy)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: [
dialog: @
dialog: ie
dialog: LarZan wo.
dialog: 5-10-41
dialog: Chgs,
dialog: 242
dialog: 243-244
dialog: 245
dialog: 246
dialog: 247
dialog: 247=X1
dialog: 
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (3)
dialog: Baroni (continued)
dialog: The idea's this - if you'll let me explain it, You
dialog: show me where that gold comes from, and your family
dialog: will be returned to you, safe and sound,
dialog: (Tarzan hesitates - he cannot bring
dialog: himself to realize defeat)
dialog: The sooner you show me where the gold is, the sooner
dialog: you'll -have your family back with you.
dialog: Targan (giving in)
dialog: How Tarzan know? :
dialog: Baroni (shrugging)
dialog: All we want is the gold, That shouldn't be hard to
dialog: understand,
text: Tarzan stands a moment - defeated, Then,
text: quickly, he straightens up.
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: -Come}
text: Tarzan strides out of room.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: our
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - EXTERIOR CHASM - TARZAN AND
speaker_heading: BARONI
text: A sparsely wooded slope rises up from a deep
text: chasm, Tarzan and Baroni ascend slope.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ (iOVING)
text: W'hona, with machine gun, follows ut a safe
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT (STOCK)
text: Cheeta swings along through trees near chasm,
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT - (MOVING)
text: Tumbo moves cautiously ulong through brush,
dialog: wan
dialog: 249
speaker_heading: 250-X1
dialog: 250-X2
speaker_heading: nD
dialog: 50
dialog: . ~ °
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - CREST OF SLOPE welt
text: Tarzan, Baroni enter. Tarzan points down
text: other side of sloze, intercut with small
text: crevassese Baroni leaps into a nearby
dialog: crevasses
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ BARONI IN CREVASSE
text: His face is agitated with greed, as ne looks
text: around hime There are hunks of gold-bearim
text: shale tumbled about. He fills a pouch he
text: carries with luaps of the shale.
scene_heading: MSD. SHOT - TARZAN aT ZDGE OF CREVASSE -
speaker_heading: BARONI BELOW
text: Tarzan has carried out his end of the bargain.
dialog: Tarzan (fiercely impatient)
dialog: Where Jane and Boy?
text: Baroni recalls himself to his surroundings
text: with @n effort. He climbs back up the side of
text: the rifte He points along the chasm.
dialog: Baroni
dialog: You know the little lake on the other side of the
dialog: cut, where the chasm ends?
dialog: Tarzan (nods)
dialog: -Tarzan knows
dialog: Baroni
dialog: That's where they are - with Medford.
text: Tarzan waits to hear nomore- he shoves
text: Baroni fiercely out of his way, toppling him
text: pack against a boulder and turning quickly,
text: races back down slope toward chasm.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BARONTI
text: Ile picks himself up, a grim look on his face.
scene_heading: ligD. SHOT - AT CREV4SSE
dialog: (Ed;,e of woods seen in beg)
text: Baroni looks quickly towards woods. M'hona
text: comes out furtively.. Laroni waves. M'hona-.
dialog: runs out quickly. -
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ iiMRONT
text: M'hona runs into Shot, gives Baroni machine
text: gun. Baroni whips it to his shoulder.
dialog: tarzan No.3
dialog: §-19-41
dialog: Ches, 252
dialog: 253
dialog: 254
speaker_heading: 254-X1
dialog: 255-X1~-255-X14
speaker_heading: '255-X1B
speaker_heading: 255-X1C
dialog: 86
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - TARZAN AT CHASH
text: Tarzan has seized a giant vine and has draw
text: it. back for a daring swing over chasm, The
text: chasm is an abrupt fissure in the earth such
dialog: as are left by great earthquakes. It is some
dialog: three hundred feet deep, some seventy or eighty
text: feet wide. A ribbon of river can be secn at
dialog: bottom,
text: Tarzan is considerable distance back from rim
text: when he starts his swing, He runs forward,
text: leaps, rises in air, The crackle of the ma-
text: chine gun breaks out sharply, Tarzan looks
text: back in surprise,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BARONI FIRING
text: M'hona tense beside him.
speaker_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT ~ (PROCESS)
text: Tarzan swinging out over chasm, Crackle of
text: “machine gun continues, The vine above Tarzan's
text: hands is cut by the bullets.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - TARZAN SWINGING OVER CHASM
dialog: (From Baroni's angle,)
text: One strand holds a moment - then breaks,
text: Tarzan falls out of Baroni's sight,
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT ~ CHASM
text: As Tarzan falls, The momentum of his’ swing
text: carries him across toward opvosite wall of chasm,
speaker_heading: OUT
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - LEDGE ON OPPOSITE WALI OF CANON
dialog: Tarzan falis toward ledge somo forty tact
text: below rim of canon,
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE ~ THE LEDGE
text: It juts out some fifteen feet and is about
dialog: twenty fout acrogs, Taraan ttalla inte thick
text: brush that breaks his fall and conceals his.
dialog: body,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 255~X1D
speaker_heading: 255-X1E
speaker_heading: 255~X1E1
speaker_heading: 255=-X1F
speaker_heading: 855-X1G
speaker_heading: 255~X1H
speaker_heading: 255-X1LI
dialog: 256
dialog: 
dialog: 87
dialog: out
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CHEETA AND TUMBO
text: They peer from behind boulders at the rim of
text: eanon, The chimp and the black boy look out
text: across canon with frightened faces,
scene_heading: LONG SHOT ~ LEDGE OPPOSITE
dialog: (as seen by Tumbo - Shot framed, if possible,
dialog: by space between boulders.)
text: No sign of Tarzan can be seen,
dialog: out
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - RIM OF CHASM
text: not far from boulders concealing Tumbo.
text: Baroni and M'hona run down to edge of chasm,
dialog: look over, search for sign of Tarzan,
scene_heading: “NED, CLOSZ SHOT — FROM BCULDERS
text: Cheeta and Tunmbo, concealed, peer out, see
text: Baroni and M!’hona looking into chasm for
dialog: Tarzan.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - BARONI AND M'HONA - AT RIM OF
speaker_heading: CHASM -
text: Baroni straightens up.
dialog: Baroni
dialog: ett ~- there's no sign of him, I think I. finished
dialog: in,
dialog: Mthona (still looking down river -
text: shakes his head in doubt
dialog: Tarzan juju man,
dialog: Baroni (coldly)
dialog: He'll need a lot of juju if he's broken his neck -
dialog: (taps gun)
dialog: -- or if one of these slugs caught up with him,
text: Baroni gives gun to Mthona und starts quickly
text: away from chasm, M'hona follows, looking buck
text: over shoulder as if expecting Tarzun to appear,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan No.3
dialog: 5-19-41 88
scene_heading: Chgs. 256-X1 - CLOSE SHOT ~ TUMBO AND CHESTA
dialog: 
text: They crawl cautiously out of boulder hide-out
text: -~ Tumbo on his hands and knees, Cheeta on her
dialog: belly.
scene_heading: 256-X2 WIDER ANGLE ~ AT CANON
text: Cheeta and Tumbo come to eiige, look off,
text: Cheeta jabbers mournfully. Tumbo stares
text: off with worried face,
scene_heading: 256X383 LONG SHOT - LEDGE ACROSS CANON - FROM Tk#IR
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Tarzan stirs ~ rolls out of brush into view,
text: He lies flat on his face, unconscious,
scene_heading: 256-X4 MED, CLOSH SHOT - CHHSTA AWD TUMBO
text: They react excitedly to sight of Tarzan,
text: after a moment, Tumbo turns and runs swiftly
text: back toward jungle, Cheeta continues her
text: vigil at edge, jabbering excitedly.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: Tarzan No.sd
dialog: Ches.
dialog: (5/20/41
speaker_heading: 2578273
dialog: 273=X1
dialog: 273=X2
dialog: 
dialog: . 89
speaker_heading: ouT
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE = CAMP ~ DAY
text: A fecling of heat and lassitude over. camp.
text: Several blacks move lazily in and out of
text: tents, Before one tent, a native guard on
text: a camp stool leans on his rifle, dozes.
text: Baroni appears, striding quickly out of
text: woods, M'hona trots along behind hin,
text: Natives stop, watch thom, O'Doul appoars.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE ~ NEAR TENTS
text: Medford. comes out of tent curious at oxcito-
text: ment. Ho sees Baroni, advances quickly to
text: moet him. O'Doul approaches them,
dialog: Medford (tensely)
dialog: How'd it go?
dialog: Baroni (restraining his cxcitemont)
dialog: Perfect - Just «s we planned it.
dialog: Medford (quickly - still tense)
dialog: You saw the gold? ‘
dialog: Baroni (nods) .
dialog: It's probably the richest lode on earth
text: O'Doul, near, cocks on ear.
dialog: Medford (overcome - repeats slowly)
text: The richest lode on oarth.
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: We'll bo multimillioneires -~
dialog: Baroni (realistically)
dialog: We will - when we get back with equipment to mince
dialog: it.
dialog: O'Doul (whistles)
dialog: Whow! Multi-millionairos$
dialog: (Medford and Baroni, annoyod, turn to
text: hin + Otpoul baring babbling obscquiously)
dialog: How'd yo Like to havo a cool shower, gintlemin?
dialog: Spruce yo up froshor'n a May mornin!, Yo mist bo
dialog: tired, Mr, Baroni,
dialog: Baroni (sharply)
dialog: Nevar mind tho binvrmoy, OfDowl,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED s
dialog: 
speaker_heading: mt
dialog: Tarzan No,3
dialog: 5-22-41
dialog: Chgs,
speaker_heading: 273-X2
speaker_heading: 89A
speaker_heading: CONTINUED ‘(1)
dialog: O'Doul (servilely)
dialog: Very well, sir,
dialog: (to a big black standing nearby)
dialog: Ctmon Colonel, We'll fetch some water for the
dialog: gentlemin.
text: O'Doul and the negro move toward tents,
dialog: (Note: Negro has. prominent sword scar across
text: his face to identify him later.)
dialog: Baroni (quickly to Medford)
dialog: Have the boys break camp at once.
dialog: Medford (hesitates)
dialog: What about -~ Tarzan?
dialog: Baroni (significantly)
dialog: I don't think we'll have to worry about him,
text: Medford (nods over to guarded tent)
dialog: What'11 we do with the woman and the kid? :
dialog: Baroni
dialog: We'll keep them as hostages, Just to make sure,
speaker_heading: CON TINUED +
dialog: |
dialog: -
dialog: Tarzan No.3
dialog: 5-10-41
dialog: Chgs.
speaker_heading: 273-X2
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Medford (startled)
dialog: You mean you're not sure ahout Tarzan?
dialog: Baroni |
dialog: Well - not altogether, I think I finished him but
dialog: I couldn't be certain, Let's get going.
dialog: (nods toward M'hona)
dialog: Tell Mthona we'll take the short trail down the
dialog: river,
text: Medford addresses lithona quickly in dialect.
text: M'hona replies excitedly.
dialog: Baroni |
dialog: What's the matter with him?
dialog: Medford
dialog: He says the river trail leads through the country
dialog: of the river people ~ the Jaconi ~ and the porters’
dialog: won't go that way. ne
dialog: Baroni (sharply)
dialog: Tell him to make them go}
text: Mthona jabbers again,
dialog: Medford .
dialog: The porters believe the Jaconi are water devils-
dialog: they torture their captives and --
dialog: Baroni loses his temper,
text: Baroni (turns on M'hona - his hand
dialog: goes to revolver on his nip)
dialog: Do as you're ordered}! Do you understand?
text: Medford adds a sharp speech in dialect.
dialog: Jane and Boy, hearing commotion, come
dialog: to door of tent,
dialog: Mthona (watching gun - beaten
dialog: limply)
dialog: Yes, Bwana, Yes, Bwana, Leave soon, now,Bwana,
text: M'hona moves back toward natives,
text: Jane rushes by guard to Baroni, Roy with her,
dialog: Jane
dialog: Where's Tarzan?
dialog: There is a pause, In b, Ye, O'Doul appears,
text: With him is the big neuro carrying two pails
dialog: of water, This negro has a great scar across
text: his face which immediately identifies him,
speaker_heading: CONTINUND ¢
dialog: Tarzan No. 3
dialog: 5/20/41
speaker_heading: Chgse
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 273-K2
dialog: 
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (3)
dialog: : Baroni
dialog: I'm sorry to have to tell you, Mada, but ~
dialog: Tarzan's dead.
dialog: Jane (stunned)
dialog: I don't believe it.
text: A pause. O'Doul, having heard Baroni's
text: announcement, stops in his tracks.
dialog: Baroni
text: He was swinging on a vine over the deep ravine
dialog: near your home when the vine broke. He fell from
dialog: a great height.
dialog: Jane (still stunned)
dialog: It can't be -~
text: Boy faces Baroni.
dialog: Boy (suddenly)
dialog: Tarzan'd never swing on a vine that'd break!
dialog: Baroni (levelly)
dialog: It was a very unfortunate accident.
dialog: Boy (defiantly)
dialog: It's a liel
text: dane tekes Boy's arm, draws him back.
dialog: Baroni (as they start away)
dialog: We're leaving in a few minutes, ladau, and we'll
dialog: expect the pleasure of your company.
dialog: {Jane turns in consternation)
dialog: We couldn't very well leave you behind here unpro-
text: tected in the juncle.
dialog: (nods to native guard who hrs come
dialog: forward)
dialog: Boy --
text: The porter goes toward Jane and Boy. They
dialog: move back towurd toute
dialog: O'Doul (involuntarily)
dialog: Poor hr, Tarzan - heaven fave inercy on his soull
text: Baroni and Medford turn quickly on O'Doul.
speaker_heading: SERRATE pay,
dialog: we.
dialog: 
dialog: ; Tarzan Now
speaker_heading: Ghg
dialog: 5/20/42
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: 273-X3
speaker_heading: 273-K4
speaker_heading: 273~-X5
speaker_heading: 273-X6
dialog: 
dialog: 92
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT = AT TINT
dialog: Jane and Boy turn, listen.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
dialog: Medford (sharply)
dialog: Why don't you mind your own business, O'Doul?
dialog: O'Doul. (quickly obsequious)
dialog: It's just I had a rush of syipathies to my head =»
dialog: an' old complaint ot mine.
dialog: (points to pails of water)
dialog: How about that shover, gintlemin?
dialog: Baroni
dialog: (studies O'Doul ~ speaks coolly)
dialog: Youfve suddenly developed great affection for us ==
dialog: havent t you, O'Doul?
text: Jane and Boy at tent, watch scenée
dialog: O'Doul (with an impish grin)
dialog: I haves I've always had a soft spot in we heart
dialog: for millionaires, gintlemin, if you want to know
dialog: the truth.
text: Medford grins =~ Baroni stays sullen.
text: O'Doul backs awaye
dialog: Baroni (annoyed)
dialog: Nevor mind the shower nowe ‘le've wasted too much
dialog: time as it is.
dialog: O'Doul (switching obscquiously)
dialog: Then, It1l go ant pack yer bags for you gintlomin,
dialog: ant aquickertn you could snecce Nebuchadnegzar --
dialog: (oeckons to big nocro) :
dialog: Ctmon, Colonol.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: They go off. Baroni and iledford look after
dialog: O'Doul.
dialog: Medford (grinning)
dialog: I can't quite figuro that monkoy oute
dialog: Baront (coldly)
dialog: Thero's nothing to figure out, if you want my
dialog: opinion. Wotll drop hin sowuwhoro alons tha wiye
dialog: * out
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: Now 3
speaker_heading: Chgse
dialog: 5/20/41.
speaker_heading: 2738X7
dialog: 273=X8
speaker_heading: 274-283
speaker_heading: 284
dialog: 93
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT = JANE AND BOY - AT ENTRANCE
speaker_heading: TO TENT
text: They watch O'Doul as he passeSe
dialog: : Jane (brokenly to Boy)
dialog: Tarzan used to call Mr. O'Doul his friend.
text: She turns, enters tente Boy follows.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT = INT. = BARONI'S TENT
text: OtDoul enters talking to big negro who
dialog: follows hime The black does not understand
text: a word OtDoul says.
dialog: O*Doul
dialog: ® Then, you never did hear of the corpus delicti
dialog: nor, did je? I stpose note I s'pose you havent?
dialog: got around yet to studyint Latin. It means,
dialog: Colonel, you don't wager on a man's bein' dead
dialog: till ye put the pennies on his cyes ~ do ye soe?
dialog: (gets out Baroni's bags, proceeds to pack}
dialog: Well, there's no doubt on one point ~ he was a man
dialog: who'd take a lot of killin', as they say in the old
dialog: countrye :
dialog: _ (shakes his head)
dialog: Yis - a lot of killint.
dialog: (cocks an ear = hears footsteps)
dialog: Ah, here are the wasters approachin', ==
dialog: (goes busily to work = baroni-and
dialog: Medford enter)
dialog: -- ant a fine pair of min they are, too. Yis,
dialog: indeed == :
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE 70:
dialog: our
scene_heading: LONG SHOT = JUNGLE TRAIL - DAY = TH® SAFARI
text: The trail winds through rough, wild country.
dialog: fedford and M'hona lwad safarie
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 285
dialog: 286
dialog: 287-288
speaker_heading: 288-X1
dialog: 288=X2
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: Jane and Doy in middle, Baroni and O'Doul,
text: bring up rears The men, except O'Doul, carry
dialog: gunse
dialog: 
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - THE GROUP
text: As they trudge alone, Jane stumbles, O'Doul
text: goes quickly to help her up.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JANE = O'DOUL AND BOY
text: Jane pulls away from O'Doul.
dialog: Jane (bitterly)
dialog: I want no help from you, Mr. O'Doul,
dialog: O'Doul (easily)
dialog: Well spoken, Matam. If your spirits are up, you'll
dialog: never be down,
text: Boy manfully gives O'Doul a shove, comes
text: between him and Jane. Boy glares up at O'Doul.
dialog: / O'Doul (grins) .
dialog: An! the same little compliment goes for you, me lad.
text: Boy helps Jane and they move on, The pace
text: is too much for O'Doul, Panting, laboring,
dialog: he lags behind,
dialog: our
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ (MOVING)
text: Tumbo crawling stealthily along in thick
text: jungle, He stops, peers through brush.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT ~ TH SAFARI AS TUMBO SEZS IT
speaker_heading: (TUMBO IN SHOT)
text: The safari plodding along difficult trail,
text: Tube waves cautiously, ‘trying to fot dinets
dialog: and Boy's attention. ‘They do not see hin,
text: Baroni throws a look in his dircetion and he
text: quickly pulls back into brush,
dialog: 1h
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Chgs.
dialog: % 7=7=41
dialog: & Tarzan No.3
dialog: 269~292
speaker_heading: 293
dialog: C'mone.
dialog: 95
dialog: our
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE = THE SAFARI IN JUNGLE
text: The trail grows still more difficult..
text: The first faint beat of a tom~tom comese The
text: Safari stops. The blacks tremble, look about
text: them fearfully for escapes Baroni moves up,
text: joins Medford.
dialog: Medford (quickly to Baroni) ©
dialog: The Jaconis
dialog: .. Baroni (looks about ~ listens)
dialog: They sound pretty closet
dialog: Medford . .
dialog: The riverts not far aheads We may be able to reach
dialog: it before they doe :
dialog: Baroni
dialog: All righte Let's not waste any time, then.
text: Baroni pushes on. Medford turns back, order
text: M'hona in dialect to continue, and goes on
dialog: after Baroni.
text: The safari starts - then, suddenly, all the blacks,
dialog: with the exception of M'hona make a break for
text: the woods, disappeary Baroni, wild, begins
dialog: firing after them. i
dialog: Baroni (firing)
dialog: The swine’ They've taken the ammunition with themé
dialog: . Medrord
dialog: Then quit wasting what we have left! The Jaconi will
dialog: take care of them.
dialog: . (he looks about him)
dialog: We better head back the way we came =
dialog: (sound of drums increases)
dialog: ~~ if we can.
dialog: Baroni
dialog: _ Noe Drive ahead?
dialog: (fiercely)
dialog: We've got to drive aheadt
dialog: (ne plunges on)
dialog: Come on! We'll beat them to the rivere
text: Medford hesitates. The sound of drums increasese
text: Medford starts after Baroni. .
dialog: Medford
dialog: (oalling Lack to O'foul and others)
text: Thev advances All the party is unnerved nowe
dialog: £93~X2
speaker_heading: 293-X3
speaker_heading: 293-XA
speaker_heading: 293-X5
speaker_heading: 293-X6
dialog: 293~-X8
speaker_heading: Q5A
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE ~- CLOSER - JUNGLE TRAIL
text: The party huddled together now,- with the ex-
text: ception of G'Doul who lags a few paces behind
text: - advances slowly through difficult country.
text: The beat of the drums is nearer,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT (MOVING) - TUMBO IN THICK JUNGLE
text: He moves cautiously along, stops, He opens a
text: place in the brush, peers out,
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - SAFARI - AS TUMBO SEES IT -
speaker_heading: (TUMBO IN SHOT)
dialog: They advance as before, The party close to-~ |
dialog: gether, O'Doul behind.
text: Tumbo again tries to signal Boy and Jane,
dialog: They de not see him, But O'Doul's wandering
text: gaze discovers him,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - O'DOUL
dialog: He does .a.double takem,.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - SAFARI
text: Medford looks around ~ eyes O'Doul suspiciously.
text: Tumbo disappears, O'Doul puts on as innocent
dialog: an expression as possible,
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - JUNGLE TRAIL
text: The safari advances, Drums nearer, inore ominous,
text: O'Doul looks in vain for Tumbe, He lets hime
text: self lag several paces farther behind,
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - O'DOUL SCANNING WOODS
text: Tumbo's face furtively appears again, 0O!'Doul
dialog: is very careful - aluost sly - in his reaction
dialog: this time,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TUMBO'S FAC
text: fumbo beckons to O'Doul with a forefinger,
dialog: 
dialog: A
dialog: © 5-12-41 , 96
scene_heading: iE Chgs. £93-X9 CLOSE SHOT(MOVING)O'DOUL SLYLY WATCHING TUMEO
text: . He winks at Tumbo.
scene_heading: 293-X10 CLOSE SHOT - TUMBO
text: There is a sudden, more immediate rattle of
text: ‘drums in the woods and Tumbo ducks back out
dialog: of sight.
scene_heading: 293-X11 WIDE ANGLE - THE TRAIL
text: The safari advances, O'Doul drops several paces
text: further toward the rear,
text: A shower of arrows falls, Several spears dro;
text: on trail, No Jaconi can be seen, Medford and
text: Baroni fire wildly into thick woods, M'hona,
text: panic-stricken, jabbers away hysterically, The
text: tom-tom grows louder, Jane and Boy crowd up
text: closely for protection, O'Doul, in rear, falls
text: with an arrow in his side. The party, unaware,
text: advances, Baroni and Medford continuing to fire
text: wildly into woods,
text: Jane first notices the fallen O'Doul, She
text: grabs Medford's arm, points back to O'Doul,
dialog: dane
dialog: Lir, O'Doul's been hit}
scene_heading: 204 MED, LONG SHOT ~ FROM MEDFORD'S ANGLE - O'DOUL
scene_heading: FALLEN IN BRUSH
text: All turn, look toward O'Doul.
dialog: Medford (over his shoulder)
dialog: We're not going to stop for him now,
text: A new shower of crrows and spears drops,
text: diverts attention from O'Doul, The party,
text: approaching panic now, moves on,
dialog: 0
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: a
scene_heading: close SHOT - O'DOUL ON GROUND - ARROW IN HIS
dialog: zm :
text: O'Doul looks cautiously about him - then care-
text: fully draws the arrow out of his armpit where
text: he has been holding it to ywive appearance of
text: being wounded, He then raises himself to his
text: elbow, looks around, Then, abruptly, he leays
text: to his feet and runs like a hare for the woods,
dialog: om
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan No.3
dialog: 5-20-41
dialog: Chgs.
speaker_heading: 296
speaker_heading: 297
speaker_heading: 298
dialog: 
dialog: : 97
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - GROUP ADVANCING THROUGH JUNGLE
text: Baroni and Medford shooting away at the un~
dialog: seen natives, The tom-tom louder, more ouiinous,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Baroni sees O0'Doul running for cover, He
text: wheels around, starts firing, O'Doul drops,
text: After a moment, he gets to his feet again and
text: scrambles into brush,
dialog: Medford (panic beginning)
dialog: Save your ammunition}. Wetll need it later!
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE ~- JANE AND BOY - OTHERS IN B.G,
text: Jane and Boy watch with taut faces the woods
dialog: where O'Doul disappeared.
dialog: Medford (in b.g. - cuts in harshly)
dialog: C'mon, you twol Get going’
text: Jane and Boy move toward others ~- Jane looking
text: back at woods with a thoughtful face,
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE «= THE PARTY ON TRAIL
text: They advance, A shower of arrows falls,
text: M'hona jabbers to Medford,
dialog: Baroni (firing into woods)
dialog: If they'd only show themselves!
text: Jane (tensely)”
dialog: They're not trying to hit us, They want to take us
dialog: alive. .
dialog: Baroni (firing wildly)
dialog: We'll shoot our way through!
dialog: Medford
dialog: Hold it, Baroni - we're almost out of ammunition,
dialog: Sate
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan No.3 :
dialog: h 5-6—41 98
scene_heading: ; Chas. = 299 : ANOTHER ANGLE -. JUNGLE TRAIL
text: Thick brush and crowded giant moss-hung trees,
text: A river can be seen in b.g.
text: A shower of arrows falls, Baroni and Medford
text: fire away, Jane and Boy hold closely together,
text: Baroni (suddenly pointing into woods)
dialog: Look, Medford! - Look\ -
text: A horde of grotesque faces, horribly smeared
text: with paint, seem to surround the two white
text: men, ‘they are masks, but in the dim light
dialog: under the trees they might be anything.
dialog: Medford
dialog: -Let them have it!
text: Medford and Baroni blaze away at the faces,
text: Some of the primitive masks are blown to
text: pieces, others fall, Medford finally stops
dialog: firing,
text: Baroni runs forward to the masks, He picks
text: one up. It is attached to a stick -
dialog: Medford (panie-stricken now)
dialog: I fired my last round,
text: Baroni frantically searches woods for sign
dialog: of Jaconi,
dialog: vmat!s th. Baroni (suddenly ~- in terror)
dialog: at's at?
text: He fires crazily at shadows, After a
text: moment, his gun clicks on empty chambers,
text: There is-an abrupt silence from the wocds,
text: The tom-toms are suddenly quiet. Bewildered,
text: the. members of the party look about them,
text: Then, the fury breaks, With a wild shrieking
text: and chattering -- end a roar of tom-toms
text: louder then before, the Jaconi close in on
text: the party from every side, ‘They seize the
text: useless guns, and prodding the party with
text: their spears, drive thom before them toward
dialog: the river, .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 300 Our
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 301-303 out 99
scene_heading: 304 : MED, LONG SHOT ~- A TRAIL WINDING THROUGH
speaker_heading: . JUNGLE : : :
text: O'Doul and Tumbo in SHOT. Tumbo jabbers
text: as he points at trail.
dialog: O'Doul (nods toward trail)
dialog: That looks like the trail to you, does it? -
dialog: (Tumbo nods vigorously - O'Doul
dialog: gives him a friendly shove)
dialog: Then, let's shake a leg, lad, C'mon,
text: The two start briskly off on trail.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 305 MED, SHOT - JUNGLE TRAIL - LATE AFTERNOCN
text: O'Doul and Tumbo plod along trail wnich now
text: climbs up a steep slope.
scene_heading: 306 CLOSE’ SHOT - A LION ON AN BLEVATION
text: Regally, the lion surveys the jungle. He
text: sees something off ~ then rushes down from
dialog: elevation,
scene_heading: 307 CLOSE SHOT - ON TRAIL
dialog: O'Doul and Tumbo climbing trail, Tumbo in
text: lead, Lion's growl comes over SHOT, O'Doul
text: stops in his tracks, looks up. Tumbo stops
dialog: beside O'Doul,
scene_heading: 308 WIDER ANGLE - O'DOUL AND TUMBO ~ LION ADVANCING
text: ©'Doul and Tumbo stand helplessly looking at
text: approuchiae Lion, The lion growls - roars,
dialog: O'Doul ani Tumbo shake,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: o'Doul (teeth chattering)
dialog: hememake a-a-t- rerun for it, ses-sonny = I+I-I
dialog: e-cecan't,
dialog: Neither can Tumbo, The two stand trembling
text: in their boots, The lion advances, veins
dialog: to. circle theni,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED’
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan No,3
dialog: 5-14~41 100
speaker_heading: chgs. 308 CONTINUED (2)
dialog: o'Doul .
dialog: Thth-the angels aud th-th-the saints pr-preserve
dialog: me --
dialog: (jerks an elbow toward Tusibo)
dialog: -- an! - an! the p-p-pickaninny here -- k-k-keep an
dialog: eye on him, t-t-too -- :
text: The lion ceases to growl ~ now circles in
text: silence, After a bit, O'Doul loses his fear
text: and proceeds to get angry. .
dialog: O'Doul :
dialog: ALL right, ye big bully - all right now} I'll take
dialog: no more of yer insults an' intimidations} All right
dialog: now! =
dialog: (spits)
dialog: Enough's enough.
text: Quickly O'Doul squares off at the lion, begins
text: furiously to shadow~box him ~-. jabbing Jerkily
text: with his left, the while flicking the end of
text: his nose. with the thumb of his right. O'Doul,
text: shadow-boxing, is a busy aan.
text: The lion stops circling - baffled, stares at
dialog: o'Doul, . %
scene_heading: 309 CLOSE SHOT ~ LICH BAFFLED
speaker_heading: O'Doul's Voice (OVER SHOT)
dialog: Tne King of the Jungle, ye are - are ye? =
scene_heading: 309-X1L WIDE ANGLES ~ O'DCUL,. TUMBO aD LION
text: The lion blinks at the shadow-boxing O'Doul,
text: then roars suddenly, O'Doul almest collapses,
speaker_heading: OM De.
dialog: 6 ja:
dialog: ing aside to Tumbo)
dialog: hg addie -- a slow ani
dialog: erunchin' Ce: iiar death, too--
dialog: (shoots u side glance at Tumbo)
dialog: ~ though I s'yose you and yer relatives are used
dialog: to it by now -- ,
dialog: il (in a groan
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: It's a horr
text: The dion mukes a sudden move = and O'Doul
text: jumps dack into his shadow-boxing again.
text: The lion, puzzled, begins to back aw a bit
dialog: for a better looks O'Doul stops boxing
dialog: .relaxes, ,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 3
dialog: Tarzan No.3
dialog: Chgs,
speaker_heading: Gf 2
dialog: 309 x1
dialog: 310
speaker_heading: 311
dialog: 312
dialog: 102
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: O'Doul (contemptuously)
dialog: I shovlda known it.
dialog: (snorts)
dialog: The King of the Jungle, You're a braggart, an!’ a
dialog: pretender, that's what you are ~~
dialog: (he spits)
dialog: ant - an' a windbag.
dialog: (goes through business of washing his
text: hands by rubbing his palms together -
dialog: cocky now)
dialog: I belittle myself - that's what I do - me a son of
dialog: the Irish kings -- me -- I belittle myself even by
dialog: standin' here an! lookin' at the likes of you.
dialog: (he swaggers)
dialog: ‘It's a barkin! dog that never bites -- and well an
dialog: Irishman knows it --
text: The lion lets loose a terrific roar and leaps
text: for O'Doul. O'Doul springs back and, turning
text: tail, heads like a bat out of hell for the
text: woods.on the other side of the trail, ‘umbo
dialog: is ahead of hin,
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - JUNGLE - O'DOUL AND TUMBO FLEEING
text: The lion's roar thunders in b.g. After a moment,
text: the lion himself appears, bounding in pursuit.
text: O'Doul and Tumbo look over their shoulders,
dialog: and, in panic, increase speed,
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE ~ RIVER BANK AT EDGE OF JUNGLE
text: O'Doul and Tumbo come racing out of woods, the
dialog: lion followiny, and without the slightest hesi-
text: tation, plucge into the river, They swim madly
text: away from Tho lion, stopped by the water,
text: stands rois nis fury at iis escaped quarry.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CLOSE Sti» CTDOUL AND TUMRO IN WATER
text: Now, a safe distanee from shore, they tread
dialog: water, Dihirg, to recover thelr breath, O'Doul
text: brandishes a defiant fist at the roaring lion,
dialog: eo
dialog: OfDoul (calling to lion)
dialog: Ctmon in, ye bragyart -- c'mon out here, ye barkin'
dialog: beast, an! I'll give you the thrashin'! of yer misur-
dialog: able tifes --
dialog: Aa O'Doul, saya this, ho swal'lows a mouthful of
text: the river, and as he flounders about, choking
dialog: very unheroicully --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
dialog: ordain
dialog: ‘ 5-12-41
dialog: » Chgs.
speaker_heading: INU oD
speaker_heading: 313-314-X3
speaker_heading: 314-K3A
speaker_heading: 314-¥83B
speaker_heading: 314-X3C
speaker_heading: 314-xX3D
speaker_heading: 314-K33
dialog: 
dialog: 102
dialog: our
scene_heading: YXDE ANGLE - AT CHASH
text: farzan, on ledge, is on his feet, calling out
dialog: orders in jungle language to Timba and Buli
text: who, on opposite side of chasm, labor to push
text: over a tall tree so it will land on ledge and
text: bridge chasm. The tree is stripped, scarred.
text: Cheeta hops up and down near elephants, jabber-
dialog: ing encouragement, -
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - ELEPHANTS PUSHING TREE
text: O'Doul, lead by Tumbo, comes running toward
text: rim of canon, As they appear the tree topples
text: over, Its tip strikes edge of ledge, holds an
text: instant, then snaps off. O'Doul and Tumbo stor,
text: watch, The tree gocs hurtling down into chasm,
scene_heading: lheD, CLOSE SHOT - TARZAN ON LEDGE
text: Behind him the canon wall rises steeply and
text: smoothly, Tarzan looks over ledge, watches
dialog: tree dvop into chasm,
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE TREE SPINNING DOW! INTO CHAS
dialog: 
dialog: (Tarzan's ledge in Shot, if possible) - Angle
dialog: to give feeling of dizzy height. ,
scene_heading: MED, CLOSE SHOT - G'DOUL AND TUMBO AT RIM
text: O'Doul has stretched his neck to watch tree
text: strike bottom, A faint crash is heard from
text: below, O'Doul straightens up, shakes his head
dialog: gloomily,
dialog: O'Doul (gravely to Tumbo)
dialog: 4h, but it's a bad spot for Ur, Tarzan to be in --
dialog: a very bad spot, indeed, I doubt if even Finn McCool
dialog: himself could hurdle it. It's a balloon wemecd, ©
dialog: O'Tumbo -- or a good, whoppin! miracle,
text: fTarzen is heard calling from other side,
dialog: Tarzan's Voice
dialog: Vinel Get vine!
text: O'Doul looks off,
dialog: 
dialog: odeau aver
dialog: 5-22-41
dialog: Chgs. = 314-x3f
speaker_heading: 314-X4
dialog: 314=x5
dialog: 
dialog: 103-104
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - CHASM
dialog: to include Tarzan - from O'Doul's angle,
dialog: O'Doul
dialog: What would you like, Mr, Tarzan?
dialog: Tarzan (points to trees)
dialog: Vine} Get vine, Tarzan catch,
text: O'Doul looks helplessly around at trees.
text: Tarzan calls out in animal. mumbo-jumbo to
text: Cheeta and Tumbo. He throws his knife
text: across ravine, It lands on its point near
text: Tumbo, Tumbo picks it up and serambles
text: - quickly up nearby tree, cuts away a half
dialog: dozen lengths of vines "that fall to earth,
dialog: O'Doul (watching)
dialog: Ye're a smart one, O'Tumbo - ye are, indeed,
text: O'Doul quickly picks up rope lengths, knots
dialog: ends together, He knots three,
text: Meanwhile, Tarzan calls out again in jungle
text: language,’ Tumbo scrambles down from tree,
text: grabs up end of a loose strand and quickly
text: climbs a slender sapling at edge of sand,
dialog: Po
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TOP OF SAPLING
text: Tumbo makes end of rope fast to tip end of
text: tree and descends.
scene_heading: “WIDE ANGLE - AT CHASM
text: Tumbo leaps to ground from sapling, takes free
text: end of rope hanging from sapling and pulls sap-
text: ling back, bending it slightly,
dialog: O'Doul
dialog: Ah, I see now ~ that's the idea, is it?
text: (O'Doul leaps to help’Tumbo, ‘Their
dialog: combined strengths succeed in bending
text: sapling very little ~ O'Doul, puffing,
text: looks around him, 0O'Doul spots elephant) |.
dialog: Let it go now, lad, I-have the solution,
text: ' Tumbo releases rope. O'Doul takes rope,
text: slips it under huge exposed tree root.
text: Then, carrying end of it to Timba, he
text: hooks it in his trunk,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED s
speaker_heading: LAPZal, 1005
dialog: 5-12-41
dialog: Cingr.
speaker_heading: “AES 314-X5
dialog: eo
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: O'Doul (to Timba) .
dialog: Come, now, Samson, pull back there, will ye - pull
dialog: back, —_—
text: Tarzan calls out from other side, Immediately,
text: Timba begins to pull back, drawing the tip of
text: the sapling down to the ground and holding it
dialog: there.
dialog: O'Doul
dialog: Ah, that's something like it, se bucko,
dialog: (calls across to Tarzan)
dialog: We'll have this workin' in no time ab all, lr,
dialog: Tarzan.
text: O'Doul takes long rope, makes a small bulk of
text: it on tip of bowed sapling. Holding free end
text: of long rope in one hand, he saws away (using
text: farzan's knife) at taut rope tying down sapling.
text: The rope is cut. The sapling springs up. The
text: rope is shot across toward Tarzan but it flor¢s
text: around in air and drops into chesm,
text: O'Doul quickly pulls rope back to him. He tics
text: the releasing rope together, loops it back
text: around tree limbs, and puts end into Timba's
dialog: trunk as before,
dialog: O'Doul (continued)
dialog: Come, now, Samson -- we'll give this invention
dialog: another opportunity.
text: Tumbo pulls sapling down to ground, Tarzan
text: calls out sharply in animal mumbo~jumbo,
text: Cheeta rushes to sapling, seizes end of rope,
text: and holding it tightly, straddles end of sapling.
dialog: O'Doul (in admiration)
dialog: Now, what do ye think of that? Ye're not such a
dialog: bad little divil after all, Good luck to ye Yep
dialog: ~ good luck to ye --
text: (O'Doul saws on rope that holds sapling
text: - sputters under his breath)
dialog: ie for, me fine-haired friend, you're goin! to need
dialog: it. .
text: The rope is cut. The sapling springs back, ~
text: saget* is catapulted across chasm to Tarzan's
dialog: side,
dialog: : O'Doul (eries out)
dialog: Holy woses an! he made it}
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: t Tarzan
dialog: foe 5°00 S14+E6
dialog: 6/27/41
dialog: “phen
dialog: ot:
speaker_heading: 314-X8
speaker_heading: 314-X8A
speaker_heading: 314-X8B
speaker_heading: 315-341
dialog: 342
speaker_heading: 343
speaker_heading: O-107
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TART ay t..7
dialog: "Tarzan quickly takes rope from Cheeta, dlls
text: back across to Tumbo.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - OPPOSITE SIDE OF CHASM -
text: Tumbo, holding his end of rope, scrambles into
text: sturdy tree nearby, makes rope fast to stout
text: limb half way up tree.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE - CHASM
text: Tarzan fastens his end of rope to rock jutting
text: ‘up from ledge. He then starts across chasm
text: moving hand over hand. Cheeta follows him.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - AT EDGE OF CHASM
text: O'Doul and Tumbo, strained, tense, watch
text: Tarzan as he crosses chasm,
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - CHASM
text: Tarzan makes crossing safely, leaps to ground.
text: Cheeta follows.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: our
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE RIVER
text: The fleet of Jaconi canoes in distance,
dialog: (There are twelve canoes - four large, each
text: carrying five natives; five medium-sized
text: canoes, each carrying four natives; and three
text: sulall canoes, cach with two natives.) The
text: savages paddle downstream, chant exultantly.
dialog: Tarzan nowhere visible,
scene_heading: .CLOSER ANGLE = FLEET OF CANOES
text: Jane, bound, sits in stern of large leading
dialog: canoe, oy is in second large canoe; baront
text: and Nedford in third large canoe; Mthona in
dialog: fourth, All are bound. CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: No. 3
dialog: Chase
dialog: 6/27/41
speaker_heading: 343
speaker_heading: 3434
speaker_heading: 343B
speaker_heading: 3436
speaker_heading: 343— X1
dialog: 343=X1$
speaker_heading: 343-X1la
speaker_heading: 543-X1B
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: 108
text: The canoes are decorated with masks and human
text: bones. Chanting, and the roll of a distant
text: drum is heard. All look downstream, There is
dialog: immediate excitement among
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JANE'S CANOE
dialog: the natives.
text: She listens tensely to: roll of drum,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOY
dialog: alert.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BAROI!I AND MEDFORD CANOE
dialog: Medford (grimly)
dialog: It sounds like the reception committee --
text: Baroni. stares sullenly downstream.
scene_heading: IONG SHOT - JACONI VILIAGE - A FLASH - (STOCK) |
text: Drums, chanting. A feeling of creat excitement,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - DRUMMER
text: He pounds madly away on gi
dialog: ant drum,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - VILLAGE - (STOCK)
dialog: The Jaconi seize one of a
text: hold in a pen.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - AT FIN
dialog: dozen captives they
dialog: The oaptives are identified as the safari de-
dialog: serters, The savage seize
dialog: d for execution is
dialog: + recognized as the "Colonel - tho big buck who
dialog: was with O'Doul at camp.
dialog: Colonol off.
dialog: They lead the
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan .
dialog: No. & 343-X10
dialog: Chgs.
dialog: 6/27/41
speaker_heading: 343-X1D
speaker_heading: 343-X2
dialog: 343=X3
speaker_heading: 343-4
speaker_heading: 345-X4A
speaker_heading: 543=X5
scene_heading: 543-X6~554—X5
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT - VILLAGE - (STOCK)
text: The Jaconi lead the Colonel to the execution.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - AT CROSSED SAPLINGS -
text: The Colonel is bound to saplings and the sap-
dialog: lings released, All action is accompanied by
text: loud beating of drums and chanting.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MED, CLOSE SHOT - FLEET OF CANOES
text: The chant and drum peats are clearly heard.
text: The natives in canoes look excitedly down
text: stream toward village, jubilently join in
dialog: chant.
dialog: our
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JANE
text: Tensely, she looks off in direction of village
text: downstream - then, looks back toward Boy in
text: second canoe, smiles encouragement,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOY
text: He smiles back bravely at Jane.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -.BARONI AND MEDFORD
text: Taut, they look off. Baroni, in sudden ©
text: panic, begins to struggle with his bonds.
text: He tries to leap overboard, The savages seize
text: him, subdue him.
dialog: our
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 355
speaker_heading: 355-X1
speaker_heading: 356
speaker_heading: 357
dialog: 357=X1
speaker_heading: 357-X2
speaker_heading: 357 -X2A
speaker_heading: 357-X2B
speaker_heading: 357=X2C
speaker_heading: 357=X2D
dialog: 
dialog: 110
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - THE CaNOES ,
text: Abruptly, one of the small canoes capsizes.
text: Other canoes stop, while bewildered natives
dialog: Look on.
dialog: our
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ WATERS NEAR CAPSIZED CANOE
text: The two natives from canoe flounder in water.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - CROCODILES (STOCK)
text: They dart down from river bank, slice through
dialog: watere
speaker_heading: ANOTHER SHOT ~ CROCODILES (STOCK)
text: They race from river bank.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - RIVER
text: The natives swim wildly for nearest canoe.
text: One of the natives is suddenly seized under-
text: water. He screams.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ STRUGGLING NATIVE
text: He is dragged down underwater,
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - UNDERWATER - TARZAN
text: Tarzan has native under, is strangling him.
text: Crocodile appears in beg. Tarzan releases
text: native, swims swiftly away.
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE ~- RIVER
text: “Natives in canoes discover Tarzan. They hurl
dialog: npeara, point, seronms Sovoral canoes, with
text: Medford canoe in lead, start for point where
text: Tarzan has been seen.
dialog: 
dialog: ? Tarzan
dialog: qi No. 3 :
scene_heading: i 6-27-41 3576X28
speaker_heading: _ 357-X2F -
speaker_heading: 357X3—
speaker_heading: 357X5A
dialog: 357-X6~7
speaker_heading: 3S7X7 A=
dialog: 360
dialog: 360-4
dialog: 360-A
dialog: 360=AL
dialog: It's
dialog: 111
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOY
text: Excitedly, he searches water,
text: Boy (shouts jubilantly to Jane)
dialog: Tarzan! It's Tarzant
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - TARZAN - (UNDERWATER)
text: He swims toward approaching canoe. Spears dart
text: down through water, missing him. :
dialog: our
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - RIVER - AT CANOES :
text: Medford's canoe is abruptly capsized. Medford,
text: Baroni, and natives are hurled into water. .
dialog: our
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT = UNDERWATER
text: Tarzan swims swiftly away from capsized canoe.
text: Floundering natives can be seen on surface
text: above him. A Grocodile appears in beg.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT ~ SURFACE
text: Three or four crocodiles race through water.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - RIVERBANK - (STOCK)
text: Crocodiles dart down bank, speed away in water.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: No. 3
dialog: Chge
dialog: 6-2:241
speaker_heading: 3S60B - 360-2
speaker_heading: 361
speaker_heading: 361X1
speaker_heading: 361X2
speaker_heading: 361X3
speaker_heading: 361X4
speaker_heading: 361X5
speaker_heading: 361LX6
dialog: 
dialog: our
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - RIVER SURFACE
text: Baroni and Medford sinking in water. Medford
text: screams suddenly, disappears beneath water.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JANE
text: In horror, she covers her face.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - BARONI
text: Screaming, he is dragged under water.
scene_heading: CLOSE. SHOT - UNDERWATER
text: A crocodile drags Baroni down, holding him
dialog: by legs.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE - CANOES
text: The natives paddle wildly about searching
text: for Tarzan. Several natives, still in water,
text: are seen to disappear, screaming. Crocodiles
text: dart about, churn water.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - LEAD CANCE
text: The Chief in panic at mysterious capsizing
text: of canoes orders drummer to beat out call for
text: help. Drwamer works drum.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - VILLAGE
text: Savages react to call of friction drum.
text: rush out of scene.
dialog: They
dialog: 113
scene_heading: 361x7 MED. SHOP - VILLAGH AT RIVER BANK
dialog: 
text: Savages reach canoes, leep in and paddle
text: wildly upstream.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: 361X8 MED. CLOSE SHOr - O'DCUL AND TUMBO
text: They ride downstream on their bellies ona
text: log, paddling with their hands.
dialog: Cur TO:
scene_heading: 36LxX9 FULL SHOT ~ CANOSS UPSTREAM
text: Two more canoes-have now been capsized.
text: Natives flouder in water, race for remaining
text: canoes. Crocodiles dart about, lash water.
text: Screaming natives are dragged underwater.
speaker_heading: 362-3782 (OUT.
scene_heading: 378-X3 MED. SHOT - RIVER NAR BOY'S CANOE
text: Boy anxiously looks around for Tarzan.
text: Abruptly, Tarzan breaks surface a short
text: distance away from canoes - out of spear
text: throw. Boy sees him.
scene_heading: 378-X3A CLOSE SHOT - BOY
dialog: Boy (excitedly)
dialog: Tarzant Tarzant
scene_heading: 378-X4 CLOSE SHOL + TARZAN
text: He treads water, looks quickly around him.
text: He is suddenly tense as he sees large flect
text: approaching from village.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan #3 . _ 114
scene_heading: Change 378-X5 LONG SHOT - CAIOBS DCWNSTREA!! (AS SBE
speaker_heading: 6/27/41 BY TARZAN) (ALL 7 VE)
dialog: 
text: The savages are paddling wildly, their canes
text: bristling with speais.
scene_heading: 378=X6 CLOSE SHOT - TARZAN
text: He gives his call.
scene_heading: 378-X7 WIDER ANGLE - THE CANOdS NEAR TARZAN
dialog: The savages ares tunned @ woment <t Tarzan's
text: sudden apearance and call. Several seveges
text: recover, hurl spears which fall short. The
text: chief orders the canoes to drive toward Tarzan.
text: They paddle wildly. .
scene_heading: 378-X8 FULL SIOT - KLEPHANTS GRAZING - (STOCK)
text: Tarzan's call arouses then. They luwnber off.
scene_heading: 378-X8A RED. CLOSE SHOT - SULIT
text: : She hears Tarzan's call, heads into jungle.
scene_heading: 378-X8B ANOTHER ALGLE - JUNGL&
text: Two small elephants graze. Buli charges in,
text: trumpets. They join Buli, races off. :
speaker_heading: 373-X9 -
dialog: 373-K12 our.
scene_heading: 878-X12A CLOSE SHOT - C'DOUL 4D TUNBO
text: Tarzan's call OVER SCENE.
text: They ride log downs trea, on their bellies. 2t
text: sound of Tarzan's call U'Doul excitedly stauds
dialog: uy on log. . 7
dialog: O'Doul (cries out)
dialog: I’m comin', hw. Tarzan} I'm on we wayl
text: As he cries he loses his balance, tips lq.
dialog: -Tunbo andhe are spilled tuto river.
speaker_heading: 378-X13 OUT.
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan #3
dialog: Change
dialog: 6/at /4l
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 378-Xi4
speaker_heading: 378-X14A -
speaker_heading: 378-X15
speaker_heading: 378-X16
speaker_heading: 378-X15 ABC
speaker_heading: 378~-K16D
speaker_heading: 3738-X E
speaker_heading: 378-X17
speaker_heading: 3878-X18
speaker_heading: 878-X15
dialog: 873=X20
speaker_heading: 878-X20A
speaker_heading: 378-X21
dialog: 
dialog: 115
scene_heading: MED, SHOT - RIVER “BAR. TARZAN
text: Canoes are now near him. Tarzan finishes hig
text: call, submerges. Several svears harmlessly nit
dialog: water near where he submerged.
dialog: 
dialog: out
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - RIVER AT BOY'S CATOE
text: Savages paddle toward rescue fleet.
scene_heading: A SERIES CF SHOTS OF ELEPHANTS - (STOCK)
dialog: racing tarough jungle. :
text: MED. SHOT - BULT and other two swall elephmts
text: pace through jungle.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - RIVEN AT BOY'S Cayos
text: Boy's canoe is abruptly lifted up, capsized as
dialog: the c thers weve, in water.
scene_heading: CLOS# SHOT - CROCODIIE S
text: Tyo on tueee crocodiles race throughw ater.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CLCSS SHOT - BOY,
text: vound, helpless, in iver.
scene_heading: CLOS#. SHOT - JANE
text: She sereans in horror.
dialog: ot -
scene_heading: MED. ORCL « Taka
text: in water. Tarzan swims toward boy. ‘vo aatives
dialog: ttack nine
speaker_heading: CLOS# SHOT - BOY
text: Bound Land and feet, he sinks slowly, disapye ars
dialog: - Under water,
dialog: *%
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: Yo. 8
dialog: 6/2? /41
speaker_heading: 573-c21e
speaker_heading: 378-X21b
speaker_heading: 378-X21e
speaker_heading: 378-X21d
speaker_heading: 378-X2le
speaker_heading: 378-X21f
speaker_heading: 378~X2lg
speaker_heading: 378+-X21h
dialog: 378-X%213
speaker_heading: 378-X21k
dialog: 
dialog: / 116
speaker_heading: GLOSS SicT - RIVER - (STCCK) -
text: & giant crocodile races through water,
text: submerges.
scene_heading: WED. SHOT - WATER ~
dialog: Tarzanovercomes savages. Tarzan looks an-
dialog: xiously around for Boy.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - UNDSRWATER
text: Boy, helplessly bound, sinks toward tangled
text: mass of river weeds.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER= (STOCK)
text: Giant crocodile swims in direction of Boy.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - SURFaC# - (STOCK)
text: Tarzan quickly submergese
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ UNDERWATER
text: Boy sinks inte river weeds, is tangled in
text: them. He struggles as best he can but is
text: unable to extricste himself.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER: - (STCCK)
text: Tarzan swims in direction of Boy.
speaker_heading: UNDE2UATER = (STOCK)
dialog: Tarzan fiznts crocodile.
scene_heading: CLOSE SULT = AT wsuDS = UiDur /iTaR
dialog: Boys helvinag in weeds. Air bubbles indicate «
speaker_heading: Y
dialog: fading strength.
speaker_heading: UND aR Tag
dialog: - Tarzan flaishes crocodile. (STOCK)
dialog: 
dialog: - Tarzan
speaker_heading: #3 378-X21L
dialog: Change
dialog: 7-3-41
speaker_heading: 378X22-386XL
speaker_heading: 386-214
speaker_heading: 38621 B-386X2
speaker_heading: 38623
speaker_heading: S86i3A8
speaker_heading: 3862BCD
speaker_heading: 386L3E
speaker_heading: 386435
speaker_heading: SBEXLEF~3B6K? -
dialog: UNDERVATER fed uO ~
dialog: Boy about to give up» Tarzan swims swiftly
text: into scene, grabs Boy, carries him up to
dialog: surface.
dialog: out
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TARZAN - RIVER SURFACE
text: Tarzan comes to surface with Boy in his arms»
text: Boy is limp, Tarzan quickly cuts Boy's bonds
text: and looks down river.
dialog: our
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - DOWN RIVER - FRO: TARZAN'S ANGLE
dialog: The village fleet and the remainder of the
text: origina’ dozen canoes, now joined, race down~
text: stream, natives paddling madly towards village.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TARZAN
text: Tarzan holds Boy in arms. Desperately, he
text: gives his call.
speaker_heading: A FLASH (STOCK) ~
text: of elephants charging out of jungle into
text: Giver. Call of Tarzan over scene.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - RIVER SANK
text: Buli and her two companions charge into
text: rivers Call of Tarzan over scene.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TARZAN AND BOY
text: Boy is now recovered. Tarzan rinishes his *
dialog: eall and starts off for canocs, swimming
text: swiftly. Boy follows him more slowly.
speaker_heading: OUT.
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan #3 . lis
scene_heading: reyes 386-X8 MED. SHOT - UPPER RIVER - O'DOUL AND TUMEO
speaker_heading: P/1Lfss
dialog: 
text: Soaking wet now, they are back on their bellies
text: on the log. They come into view of battle.
text: Tarzan's call over scene.
scene_heading: 386-X9 MED. LONG. SHOT - FLEET OF CANOES
speaker_heading: (AS SEEN BY 0'DOUL)
text: The combined canoes, now massed together,
text: move down stream with Jane in the thick of
dialog: them.
scene_heading: 386-X1L0 CLOSE ANGLE - O'DOUL - TUMBO
text: O'doul, in his rage, gets to his feet on log
text: again, waves limb he has broken off tree.
text: Tumbo clings to unsteady log.
dialog: O'Doul (waves club)
dialog: Defy 'em, Mrs. Tarzan! Defy ‘em till I get there
dialog: with me shillelagh!
text: ©'Doul loses his balance in the excitement,
text: tips log, and he and Tumbo are thrown into
dialog: water.
scene_heading: 386-X10%4 to 386-XLOG ouUT
scene_heading: 386-X10C1 CLOSE SHOT - TARZAN SWIMMING (stock)
text: He races through water.
scene_heading: 586-X1L0C2 ' CLOSE SHOT - BOY SWIMMING
scene_heading: 386-X10D WIDE ANGLE - RIVER DOWNSTREAM
text: A dozen elephants head into savage fleet,
text: blocking its progress. The chief waves,
text: shouts frantic directions. The fleet turns
text: at right angles, heads for shore.
scene_heading: 386-X1L0B MED.. SHOT AT SHORE
text: Another group of elephants charge out of
dialog: jungle, drive toword fleot - fleot in fore-~
text: ground of shot. Canoes stop, panic begins.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: ange
dialog: p/i/4l
speaker_heading: 386-10F
speaker_heading: 586-X106
speaker_heading: 386-X10G1
speaker_heading: 386-X10H
speaker_heading: 386-X10H1L
speaker_heading: 386-X10H2
dialog: 113
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JANE
text: Strained, anxious, but more hopeful now,
text: she locks about her.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT - TARZAN (STOCK)
text: He churyns downstream at top speed.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOY SWIMMING
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - CROCODILES
text: Three or four swim swiftly dornstrean.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - CANOES .
text: Confusion grows as elephants drive closer.
text: Natives see Tarzan coming, shout, wave their
text: spears in nis direction.
scene_heading: MED. SUOT - TARZAN SWIMMING (BOY NOT IN SCEXE)
text: He looxs at fleet seen in d.g., suddenly
dialog: submeryes
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 3886XL0H3
speaker_heading: 386X10H4
speaker_heading: 886X1LOHS
speaker_heading: - B8EXLCHE
speaker_heading: 8386X1L0H7
speaker_heading: 386X11
speaker_heading: 386X128
speaker_heading: 3886X13-
speaker_heading: 886X1.4
speaker_heading: 386X156
speaker_heading: 1194
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - CANOES
text: Chief shouts orders. A‘dozen natives leap into
text: water with drawm knives, submerge.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JANE
text: Her face is taut, strained.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TARZAN - UNDERWATER
text: He grapples natives who attack him, disposes
dialog: nf twos
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - BOY SWIMMING
text: He nears scene of battlo. He looks off, sub-
dialog: merges»
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - UNDERWATER
text: Tarzan disposes of two more nativés as last
text: two attack him. Boy swims into beg. Tarzan
text: is finishing off last two natives when a third
text: pops. up, attacks hin from rear. Bcy-swims up,
text: grabs native by hair, Tarzan turns and
text: finishes him off.
text: Tarzan and Boy swim swiftly away.
scene_heading: MEDe SHOT ~ FLEET
text: Savages in uproar now. Jano!s canoe is
text: suddenly capsized. All are spilled into water,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JANE . =
text: helpless, bound, she floundera in water.
dialog: out
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE ~ RIVER aT CANOES
text: Elephants attack, Natives now mill about in
dialog: somplete panics
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: No. : . :
scene_heading: Chg. 386X16 UNDERVATER SHOE - TARZAN AND BOT
dialog: 7-1-4 :
speaker_heading: 119B
text: Tarzan swims to Jane, draws her down, cut her
text: ponds. Boy helps. They swim off underwater,
scene_heading: 386X17 WIDE ANGLE - RIVER - FLASH OF GENERAL MELEE
scene_heading: 386X17A A CANOE - MED. CLOSE SHOE
text: An elephant swims toward canoc, Two natives in
text: canoe raise spears. Elephant disappears under
dialog: waters
scene_heading: 386X17B ANOTHER ANGLE - SAME CANOE
dialog: Canoe rises in water -'elephant's back under-
text: neath it, canoe is tumbled from elephant's back
dialog: into water.
scene_heading: 386X17¢ ‘MED. SHOT = NATIVES IN WATER
text: Crocodiles seize them, drag them down into water.
scene_heading: 386XL7D MED, SHOT - THE THREE SMALL ELEPHANTS ~ SWUMING
speaker_heading: TOGETHER
text: They butt canon, smashing it, and sending
dialog: natives spilling into water,
speaker_heading: 386X18- our
speaker_heading: 386X22
scene_heading: -886X23 MED. CLOSE SHOT - O'DOUL AND TUMBO
text: in battle now. Back on log, O'Doul stands,
text: balancing himself precariously. Loy moves
text: swiftly down toward a small canoe, manned by
text: two savages whe stand with spears poised rendu =
dialog: Tor O'Doule .
text: One savage lets his spear go. O'Doul ducks,
text: escaping spear but almost tumbling into water.
text: He recovers, brandishes his club in a new rare.
dialog: ‘or
dialog: Bpoar thra one mye vk
dialog: Humph} ‘= me pra sathor used to use atic ike
dialog: then to pick his teoth witht SButihGan:
speaker_heading: TK
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: No.3 .
speaker_heading: Chg» 386X23
dialog: 7m1-41
speaker_heading: 386X234
dialog: Now,
dialog: 
dialog: 11ec
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
speaker_heading: OtDoul (conttd)
dialog: - (second savage hurls spear ~ O'Doul
dialog: ducks it) . .
dialog: me littler chippers, I'm goin! to brain yo}
text: As he cries out, the log turns and he‘loses
text: his balance and is spilled into river, Tumbo
text: is spilled in with him.
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - FLASH - BATILE
text: Elephants have wrought havoc; are capsizing
text: canoes, A sforo of natives flounder in water,
dialog: Crocodiles go after natives.e Some natives are
text: seized, dragged under water.
dialog: gr
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Targan
dialog: “Ifo. 3
dialog: Che.
dialog: 7/1/41
dialog: 386-124
dialog: -390-X1
speaker_heading: 590-X2
dialog: 590-23
speaker_heading: 590~-X3A
speaker_heading: 390-X3B
speaker_heading: 590-x¢
speaker_heading: 390-X4
speaker_heading: 1l9D
dialog: our
scene_heading: MED. CLOSH SHOT - UNDERWATER - Jil, BOY,
speaker_heading: AND TARZAN
text: They svim underwater, rising toward surface.
scene_heading: MED SHOT - SURFACE OF RIVER
text: Jane, Boy, and Tarzan pop up on surface,
text: look around them. They see the battle is over.
dialog: our
dialog: 
scene_heading: LONG SHOf - RIVER aS S
speaker_heading: AND TARZAN
speaker_heading: BY JANZ, BOY,
text: She river is littered with wreckage. The
text: lust ov the savage canoes are seen fleecing
dialog: cown stream with: the elephants arter them.
dialog: our
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CLOSE ‘Su
speaker_heading: AND TALZAT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: = - JANE, BOY,
text: Tarzan, trcadin’, water, points excitedly un-
text: stream, dune looks in Givceetion indicated.
dialog: 1D.
speaker_heading: (AS GE
dialog: 
scene_heading: SOT - O'DOUL AND TUS
speaker_heading: Sz TARZAI)
dialog: 
text: @MDoul has olimbed back aboard his log.
text: ‘“uabo is uolding onto lo, Suddenly a
text: crocodile pops up owl of nownerc, coce
dialog: tor ‘uabo.
speaker_heading: . 119E
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE ~ O'DOUL AND TUMBO
text: O'Doul gets to his feet on log, waving
dialog: his tree limb.
dialog: O'Dovl (brandishing tree limb)
dialog: out o'here, ye - ye cowardly beast!
text: O'Doul in his excitement loses his bal-
text: ance, tips log, tumbles into water and
text: almost into crocodile's jaws. As O'Doul
text: pitches into water he shoves his club.
text: before him, It jams into open jaws of
text: erocodile, keeps jaws from shutting.
text: Crocodile, in helpless rage, lashes
text: water, disappears.
dialog: O'Doul (sputtering in water -
dialog: waves fist after crocodile)
dialog: Ye may be a monster to the local inhabitants
dialog: but yetre just another lizard to O'Doul!
dialog: (Bo. 3 390-X5
dialog: ~ Chgs.
dialog: | 7/1/41
dialog: Get
speaker_heading: 390-X6
speaker_heading: 391
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - TARZAN, BOY, AND JANE
text: Relaxed, happy, all laugh at O'Doul's
dialog: antics --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: our
dialog: i
dialog: Ty
dialog: ht
dialog: t
dialog: '
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Tarzan
dialog: No, 3..
dialog: Chgs.
dialog: 5-20-41
speaker_heading: 391-X1-xX2
speaker_heading: 391-X3
dialog: _be a sweet an' smilin' place. T'Ll never forget
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - HILLTOP - MORNING
text: Led by Timbé, Tarzan, Jane, O'Doul, Boy,
text: Tumbo, Cheeta and Buli come to stop at crest
text: of hill, Tarzan carries O'Doul's belongings
text: in a sack and also a huge melon, the size of
text: a watermelon, A long, beautiful valley stret-
dialog: ches before them,
text: Tarzan helps O'Doul upon elephant,
dialog: Jane .
dialog: Timba will take you to the edge of the jungle, Mr.
dialog: O'Doul. Your way will be easy from there on.
dialog: Tarzan passes up sack with O'Doul's belong=
text: ings; then the huge melon. The melon has
text: been split in halves, put together again, and
text: tied with thongs, O'Doul has a hard time
text: lifting it to elephant's back. .
dialog: O'Doul (as he struggles with melon)
dialog: Now what on earth may this be? It's a large an!
dialog: ponderous fruit, it is --
text: Jane (smiling) .
text: It's a bon voyage basket - jungle style.
dialog: O'Doul
dialog: Thankee, Ma'am, thankee.
dialog: dane (moved)
dialog: We're going to miss you, ifr. O'Doul.
text: Tarzan suddenly holds up his hand.
dialog: Tarzan (impressively)
dialog: Tarzan find frien.
dialog: . O'Doul (deeply moved ~ takes hand)
dialog: It's me that's found a friend - an' the best.
dialog: (to all)
dialog: If there were more folk like ye in te world, it'd
dialog: ye.
dialog: Tarzan = a3 if the seone's gettin too much
text: tor him - slaps Timba's flank. The elephant
text: dunibers off, heads down valloy.
dialog: / . O'Doul (choktms =-waves back)
dialog: Goodbye - ant heavin bless ye, all.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Tarzan No.3
dialog: 5-13-41
speaker_heading: Chgs. 391-X3
speaker_heading: 392-395
speaker_heading: 396
speaker_heading: 397
speaker_heading: 398
dialog: 3
dialog: 9
dialog: 121
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: Boy and Jane (waving) .
dialog: Goodbye, Mr. o'Doul, -
dialog: A safe journey and good luck - always,
text: Jane, Boy and Tumbo all have tears in their
text: eyes, Tarzan stands gravely erect beside
dialog: them, They wave, Cheeta, to see better
text: finds a smooth tree limb on ground, stands
dialog: it up, climbs it,
dialog: out
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CHEBTA
text: She balances herself on top of stick, waves,
scene_heading: WED, CLOSE SHOT. - GROUP WATCHING O'DOUL GO
dialog: Boy .
dialog: Wouldn't you like to see Mr, O'Doul's face when he
text: finds the melon is filled with gold.
dialog: . Tarzan
text: O'Doul laugh - then cry.
dialog: . Boy
dialog: Hetll be rich, won't he?
dialog: Jane (nods)
dialog: And he'll never tell where his riches came from.
dialog: You may be sure of that,
dialog: Tarzan (quietly)
dialog: Tarzan sure,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TUBBO
text: Tears down his cheeks, limply waving.
dialog: - Tumbo (brokenly)
dialog: F-friend,.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - FROM HILL TOP
text: O'Doul down the valley waves a last goodbye.
text: All on hil top wave back, O'Doul disappears
dialog: anong trecs, Tarzan, dane, Boy, Tambo und
dialog: Tuld turn avay from valley, quietly, they
dialog: start for home,
text: Cheeta tumbles down from stick, hops after then,
speaker_heading: FADE OUT,
speaker_heading: END
dialog: 
