dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: Tedi Sarafian
scene_heading: EYES ONLY: NOT FOR DUPLICATION
dialog: July 10,
dialog: 1997
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: © © AD AO
dialog: c
speaker_heading: FARCE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA BEACH ~ SUNSET
text: Sunbathers stretch out along the sand which offers a Queen’s
text: Necklace view of the coast. it’s a clear summer day with
text: Catalina Tsland in view. ‘Jolleyball players, surzers,
text: families perched beneath coiorful umbrellas, etc.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA BEACH - UNDERWATER - SUNSET
text: The same spot as before, except now it’s an apocalyptic hell
text: beneath the sea. Skulls roll back and forth on the polluted
text: sea floor as the tide churns. The camera rises out of the
text: water and finds a polluted sea wave which crashes onto 4
text: coastline. In the distance, fragments of large buildings,
text: buckled and melted by the nuclear fire. Furious gaie winds
text: scream with Satan’s laughter.
speaker_heading: TITLE CARD:
scene_heading: LOS ANGELES, SEPTEMBER 13, 2029
text: A THUNDEROUS ROAR crescendoes as two AERIAL HKs (hunter-
text: killers) scream past, trailing an F-16 fighter. The HKs pull
text: impossible Gs, outmaneuvering the human-piloted F-16. An
text: EXPLOSION of LASERFIRE as the aerial HKs strafe the F-16,
dialog: blasting it our of the sky.
speaker_heading: . SOHN CONNOR (VO)
dialog: The computer which controlled the .
dialog: machines, Skynet, sent.two terminators oe das
dialog: back, through time. ‘Their -mission: to iy
dialog: ‘destroy me, John Connor,: leader: ofthe ~
text: ‘human resistance. The first Terminator
dialog: was programmed to strike at my mother,
dialog: Sarah, in the year 1984 -- before I was
dialog: born. It failed. The second was set to
dialog: strike at me in the year 1991. It too
dialog: failed. But we did more than survive.
dialog: We changed history.
dialog: 
text: We follow the fiery pieces of shrapnel as they rain onto the
text: broken streets below...
dialog: 2
dialog: 2
dialog: 3
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: MK
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. L.A. CITY - NIGHT
text: Overview of the Santa Monica pier. The Ferris wheei, the
text: roller coaster, the countless people having fun...
dialog: c
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: spikinis bask ina jacuzzi: while other éf1 e] iesfatales*in: :sho
dialog: i; "s
speaker_heading: TITLE CARD:
scene_heading: 1 MILE OFF THE COAST OF L.A. -~ PRESENT DAY
speaker_heading: JOHN CONNOR /VO)
dialog: So August 29th, 1997 came and left. The
dialog: three billion lives which were to end in
dialog: the war called Judgment Day, lived on to
dialog: toast the new millennium.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But are we at peace? Or in the eye of a
text: hurricane, with the worst yet to come.
text: Camera turns and faces the deep blue sea...
text: Wild fingers of blue and white electrical arcs dance ten feet
text: above the swells a mile from shore. The strange lightning
text: forms a circular opening in midair, and with an electrical
text: dispersion we see a FIGURE cradled within the SPHERE OF
text: ENERGY. A sudden FLASH with an explosive THUNDERCLAP!
text: The naked figure drops into the ocean. SPLASH!
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: Red eyes glow within the darkness of the sea. A naked,
text: muscular man. THE TERMINATOR.
scene_heading: EXT. YACHT - NIGHT
text: This gorgeous 80 footer cruises along the coast at 15 kts.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - NIGHT
text: ‘party is in full swing. Stripper-types
scene_heading: éMuisCle-bolind "BODY |"
text: ‘of. ARDS, Fub up against YPE (Wearing: avyellow leather :hat, °.
dialog: 
text: :; black leather pants ‘and’ jacket) vacuums hefty dines into his
dialog: nostrils.
text: CRASH! Dancers tumble to the floor as the ship strikes
dialog: something.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: Rapper storms into the bridge and barks at one of his BUDDIES
text: who stands at the con, bottle of Jack in his grip, half-naked
text: girl at his side.
speaker_heading: RAPPER
dialog: What the hell we hit?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ©1 © NH -
speaker_heading: MK
text: ‘ beyond -intrigued by his. ‘perfection: .
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: {backing off the engines)
dialog: Whatever it was, it fried our props.
scene_heading: =XT. STERN ~- NIGHT
text: Rapper hands out orders to a team of BODY GUARDS. They open
text: a large case containing two new props.
speaker_heading: RAPPER
dialog: Get that shit fixed! Holding up the
dialog: party.
text: Two BODY GUARDS move fix to the problem...
text: All action stops as a very muscular NAKED MAN climbs onto the
text: yacht, dripping wet. TERMINATOR steps aboard. Greek-like
text: physique. Massive. Perfect. Face, devoid of emotion.
text: Terminator stands and impassively surveys the surroundings.
speaker_heading: PARTIER #1
dialog: I think he was swimming for the nude
dialog: beach and got lost.
text: Rapper eye-balls the naked Goliath -- not an everyday
text: occurrence here. He glances down at Terminator’s crotch,
text: smirking.
speaker_heading: RAPPER
dialog: Water must not’ve been as cold as I
dialog: thought.
text: TERMINATOR POV. A digitized electronic scan of the ship and
text: partiers overlaid with alphanumeric readouts which change -
text: faster than the human.eye-can_ follow,::. The. Terminator’ s CPU:
text: scans -and analyzes the motley-<crew..: 3h
dialog: weight. Several strippers./smile: largely: a Te)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Terminator turns emotionless eyes toward RAPPER whose
dialog: measurements have been deemed suitable.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I need your clothes, your boots...
text: Terminator eyes an MD-520N HELICOPTER seated on a helipad.
speaker_heading: Gi @ PO PO
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR (CONT’ D}
text: ...and the helicopter.
text: Rapper can‘t help but to laugh. The other Body Guards follow
text: suit. During which time... Camera dollies, revealing
text: Terminator’s back which has been mutilated by the props.
text: Exposed endoskeleton and torn flesh, NOT REVEALED to the
dialog: partiers.
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Now.
text: Rapper tenses.
speaker_heading: RAPPER
dialog: Throw this bitch off my boat.
text: Body Guard #1 reaches grabs Terminator’s upper arm.
speaker_heading: BODY GUARD #1
dialog: Say bye-bye.
text: Terminator’s powerful hydraulic grip clamps onto his arm,
text: spin-breaks it. Body Guard #1 cries out as all two hundred
text: pius pounds of him is catapulted off the ship like a frisbee.
dialog: Splash!
text: Body Guard #2 slashes his combat knife toward Terminator who
text: catches it by the razor-sharp serrated edge, breaks the blade
text: in half by pressing his thumb forward...throws the blade
text: straight down where it stabs the mahogany deck. Terminator
text: grabs Body Guard #2 and throws the soldier onto the blade
text: which sticks through his shoulder.
text: Body Guard #3 extends a .9mm to shoot... Terminator grabs the
text: weapon and yanks, separating Body Guard #3’s shoulder. While
text: screaming in pain, Body Guard #3 is launched through the
text: cabin window...CRAASSH! At the same time...
text: Two other Body Guards blast Terminator with their .9mms.
text: Terminator barely flinches from the onslaught, bullets
text: ricocheting off his face.
text: CRACK! Terminator steps on Body Guard #4’s knee sideways...
text: SNAP! Screaming bloody murder, Body Guard #4 goes for his
text: pistol which is just in his reach: until... Terminator steps:
text: on. the man’ s hand. . .CRUNCH! -
dialog: 
text: A combat knife slices across Terminator’s neck from behind.
text: Terminator back~head-butts Body Guard #5, strips the blade
text: and throws it with machine-like accuracy...
text: THONG! The knife spears through Body Guard #6’s wrist,
text: pinning it to the wall of the cabin -- the HK MP-5, frozen in
text: his grip, is fired accidently, blasting two dry-docked WAVE
text: RUNNERS which explode IN A BALL OF GASOLINE! Fire spreads.
text: RAT-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-! A Body Guard explodes multiple rounds of
text: an MP-5. Terminator strips the clip out of the weapon,
text: making it CLICK EMPTY. Body Guard #7 is hurled hard against
dialog: the cabin wall. SMASH!
text: The injured Body Guards stop attacking. They get it --
dialog: There’s something very fucking wrong here.
speaker_heading: én @9 PD HO
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
text: They struggle to squirm their injured sodies away from
text: Terminator, the fear of God in chem.
text: Terminator steps through the flames, undaunted by the intense
text: neat. Emotioniess eyes coldly target Rapper wno can’t
dialog: andress fast enough.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HELIPAD ON SHIP - NIGHT |
text: Terminator strides toward tue helipad now fully clothed in
text: Dlack leather jacket, baggy leather pants and heavy cleated
dialog: boots.
scene_heading: INT. MD-520N HELICOPTER - NIGHT
text: Terminator grabs the controls with Rapper and another Thug
text: step onto the helipad leveling an MP-5s at Terminator.
speaker_heading: RAPPER
dialog: Open wide, motherfuc -~-
text: Terminator steps hard on the left anti-torque pedal. The
text: helicopter spins around like a tornado, its rotorless
text: tailboom bats the Thug off the helipad and into the ocean.
text: Terminator applies left cyclic and flies the chopper sideways
text: right into Rapper who smashing into the side glass window
text: where he gets stuck. Terminator yanks the M4 machine from
text: Rapper as the chopper ascends.
text: Rapper, hanging on for his life, glancing downwards at the
dialog: death drop.
speaker_heading: RAPPER (CONT’ D)
dialog: What ever you want, man! It’s yours,
dialog: take my boat, “you can have my boat!
dialog: Anything! eo so
dialog: 
text: Terminator glances at Rapper, reaches out with his left hand
text: and removes Rapper’s hip DIESEL SUNGLASSES and places them on
text: his face.
speaker_heading: RAPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: My sunglasses, cool! They’re you, ‘bro!
dialog: Definitely you!
speaker_heading: OVD HIND -
text: Terminator maneuvers the chopper to sweep down sideways
text: toward the yacht. Rapper SCREAMS as he goes for the ride of
dialog: his life -- or death -- whichever.
text: Rapper lets go of the chopper and falls sixty feet to the
dialog: ocean. .
scene_heading: BELOW ON DECK
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
dialog: 6.
text: Body Guard #3 screams as the fire approaches several gas cans
text: placed beside the Wave Runners.
speaker_heading: BODY GUARD #3
dialog: Fire in the hole!
text: The remaining Body Guards and partiers jump ship!
text: EXPLOSION! The yacht combusts with a SWIRLING BALL of FIRE.
text: The MD-520N flies right through the flames and continues
text: toward the shore, leaving the fiery aftermath behind.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOWLING ALLEY - PIN SET-UP AREA - NIGHT
text: Magnificent tendrils of BLUE-WHITE LIGHT explode like a
text: massive Tesla Coil. The lower half of bowling pins are
text: partially disintegrated as a mathematically perfect sphere
text: cuts into our dimension, bringing with it a passenger from
dialog: the future.
text: Camera slowly tilts up...revealing:
text: Feet. Petite and delicate. Slender ankles. Sculpted calfs.
text: Long sturdy thighs. Small waist. Toned arms. Beautiful tan
text: skin. Silky hair just past shoulder length. Eyes sizzling
text: brightly with emerald green. Bee-stung lips. Flawless face
text: structure. Genetically perfect, impossibly beautiful. Meet
text: Skynet’s newest prototype -~- T-1G.
scene_heading: INT. BOWLING ALLEY - LANES
text: A BOWLER dries his hands, wiggling his fingers above a fan as
text: he waits for the pins to set-up. : : .. ces,
text: The automatic pin set-up machine lowers ten deformed pins,
text: all of ‘which have been mutilated by the sphere. The pins
text: tumble to the lane, unable to stand on their own.
text: The Yuppie reacts as he got a STRIKE without having to do
dialog: anything:
speaker_heading: VOICE (OS)
dialog: What the hell...
text: Just then, all eyes feast on T-1G who struts across the lanes
text: like a runway supermodel -- COMPLETELY NAKED.
text: A MOTHER covers her son’s bulging eyes. Beer-drinking
text: Bowlers straighten their greasy hair as the girl of their wet
text: dreams approaches.
speaker_heading: Gt G PSO PS
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: (big grin)
dialog: Well, well, well... Happy birthday to me!
text: 771G walks past several jealous women and their gawking
text: poyEriends and husbands when a MANAGER approaches with a
dialog: blanket.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Miss, you’re gonna have to put some
dialog: clothes on, or I'll call the cops.
text: The Manager throws the blanket around T-1G, covering her up.
text: “Boos” from the other bowlers.
scene_heading: iNT. MANAGER’S OFFICE
text: The Manager escorts T-1G inside.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: So what is this, some kind of dare?
dialog: What’s going on here?
text: T-1G turns her emotionless eyes on the Manager, coldly
text: considering him. The blanket falls off, curls on the floor
text: by her feet. The Manager smirks.
speaker_heading: MANAGER (CONT’ D)
dialog: Have it your way.
text: T-1G reaches out and slides her hand down his chest,
text: seductively descending lower... The Manager smiles.
text: T-1G’s hand wraps around a CELLPHONE which the Manager wears
text: on a belt clip. She spins around, flips open the phone and
dialog: begins dialing. : a re Se :
dialog: Gg
dialog: 
scene_heading: © cv #MANAGER® (CONT?) ©: “
dialog: ' Hey, you can’t just -- f
dialog: 
dialog: ¢
text: The Manager reaches out and grabs T-1G’s shoulder. Big
text: mistake. T-1G spins around and grabs the Manager’s neck. He
text: suddenly GASPS as he is electrocuted with a lethal dose of
text: amperage! Eyes peeled wide in horror, the Manager hits the
text: floor. Dead.
speaker_heading: Gu @ PO fS
text: COMPUTER FAX TONES are heard through the cellphone as it
text: accesses the internet. With her back turned to CAMERA, T-1G
text: replies with computer tones.
text: INSERT. CYBERSPACE POV. Countless web pages stream past
text: until we come across FBI data files. ACCESS GRANTED.
text: Countless pictures of criminals. We find JOHN CONNOR.
dialog: Criminal data. Personal information. Home address.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 8.
text: T-iG ends the call. Her eyes focus on a large poster tacked
text: ; to a wall. A glamorous supermodel dressed in PRADA and
dialog: - GUCCI, pseudo military-industrial. Black Prada stretch
text: pants. Tight-fitting techno-fiber motorcycle jacket with a
text: hint of military. Sleek Gucci combat boots. A ten thousand
text: dollar outfit. The model’s hair is short and slicked back.
text: High-fashion makeup, pale with dark shading around the eyes.
dialog: Very modern.
text: T-16's nails suddenly take on red paint. Her body ripples as
text: it morphs into its new look. Perfectly emulating clothes,
text: hair and makeup -- all from visual reference.
scene_heading: EXT. BOWLING ALLEY - NIGHT
text: T-1G exits with her new look. Her eyes fall on a Shelby
text: Cobra stripped of paint. She enters the vehicle and fires up
dialog: the powerful engine. _
text: Wheels burn black smoke as the muscle car shimmies sideways,
text: waiting for cold rubber to heat up and grip. When they
text: finally do, T-1G rockets the Cobra onto the street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - DAY
text: A BBQ party is in progress. Grunge music blasting. Working
text: the grill wearing a “Kiss The Chef” apron is JOHN CONNOR. A
dialog: far cry from the leader of the human resistance we expect to
text: see. He has become a handsome young adult in his early
text: twenties. Lean, well-defined body, short messed-up hair.
text: Eyes which reflect a dark intelligence.
dialog: “y
speaker_heading: , JOHN
dialog: Okay, .who wanted the medium-well? .. . :
dialog: 
text: John’s friend -- BOYD -- approaches. He’s a plump computer
text: genius in his early 30’s.
speaker_heading: BOYD
dialog: That'll be me.
dialog: (points across crowd)
dialog: John, who’s that girl? The one with
dialog: Damon?
speaker_heading: Gt @ POM
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Chill out, Boyd. You got a girlfriend.
speaker_heading: BOYD
dialog: I was just wondering, bro’.
text: John shoots Boyd a hard look before slapping a burger on his
dialog: Cc plate.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: foe,
dialog: vonn’s girlfriend -- ANNA -- approaches. She’s your girl
text: next door all grown up. Warm disposition, suptiy attractive.
dialog: Arsund John’s age.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Thought you might want one of these.
text: anna hands John a cold beer.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'd rather have one of these.
text: vohn gives Anna a passionate kiss. A German Shepherd --
text: BANDITA -- lets out a jealous whine.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I swear to God, John, I think that dog is
dialog: jealous.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: She’s not jealous.
dialog: (kneels down)
dialog: Isn’t that right, Bandita? Give daddy a
dialog: kiss.
text: John lets Bandita lick his face. He feeds the dog a burger.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’ D)
dialog: Here you go, girl.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Honey, I think you should say something.
dialog: Give a little speech.
speaker_heading: ‘JOHN
dialog: I don’t want to do that. - : Je
dialog: 
text: Anna smiles and, begins rallying the crowd.
speaker_heading: ‘ANNA
dialog: Everyone, John’s gonna give a speech!
text: Everyone joins in “speech, speech, speech!” John glares at
dialog: Anna.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’m going to get you later.
speaker_heading: Or @ DIK”
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Promises-promises.
text: Someone turns off the music. The crowd settles.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: —_
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well, what can = say... we startea the
text: company with several slow computers, a
dialog: few degenerate programmers -~-
speaker_heading: FRIEND #1
dialog: Yeah, baby!
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: A couple of bean counters that exemplify
dialog: the word “nerd.”
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And one felon hacker who should be in
dialog: Leavenworth being somebody’s bitch, but
dialog: instead got lucky. Because he hooked up
dialog: with the right bunch of guys, who helped
dialog: turn his life around.
text: The crowd sighs sarcastically.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT! D)
dialog: And now...look at us. Celebrating our
dialog: just approved ten million dollar line of
dialog: credit. Booking major accounts left and
dialog: right. And kicking some serious ass.
dialog: {holds up his beer)
dialog: Cheers.
text: Everyone toasts. John’s cellphone rings. He moves away from
text: the crowd for privacy, takes the call.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
text: John's expression stiffens.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’ D) .
dialog: John Connor? Sorry, you have -the wrong
dialog: number. My name’s John Kaplin.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Yeah, it’s safe to talk.
dialog: {turns his back to camera)
dialog: Hi, mom. Good. Listen, I need to talk
dialog: to you. Today. Alright.
dialog: 
text: John hangs up when Anna approaches.
dialog: © © 19 PO.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Everything alright?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, I’m going to have to run out of
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: +>
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Nothing. Everything’s fine, trust me.
dialog: Okay?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: What should i tell everybody?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Family emergency.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You don’t have any family.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Anna, I can’t explain now. I have to run
dialog: and I need you to trust me. Make
dialog: something up.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I love you, too.
text: John kisses Anna. Bandita barks. Anna spins around and
text: shoots a look at the dog. She turns back to John, but he’s
text: already jogging toward his car.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BURBANK AIRPORT - DAY
text: John enters a TURBO CESSNA, dons a pair of David Clark
dialog: headsets. an
text: The Turbo Cessna speeds down the runway and takes off.
speaker_heading: : CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JOHN CONNOR’S HOUSE
text: Terminator strides through with his M4 leveled and ready to
text: shoot. Terminator approaches a cork message board and rips
text: off an invitation flyer. BBQ party. Below are directions
dialog: and date.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TRAILER PARK - DAY
text: T-1G knocks on the door of a rickety trailer home. An old
text: BLACK WOMAN answers.
speaker_heading: on © RO PO
dialog: y
speaker_heading: BLACK WOMAN
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: T-iG
dialog: FBI. I need to speak with John Connor.
speaker_heading: th BLACK WOMAN
dialog: Who?
text: T-1G shoves the Black Woman aside and enters.
speaker_heading: BLACK WOMAN (CONT’ D)
dialog: Girlfriend, you better step off, I don’t
dialog: see no badge!
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER HOME
text: While the Black Woman complains, T-1G scans the area. Two
text: Black Teenagers smile and stick out their chests, wanting to
dialog: impress the beauty.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CALIFORNIA DESERT - DAY
text: The Turbo Cessna lands on a dusty tarmac near a MILITIA
text: COMPOUND. A bunch of dusty old houses and buildings.
scene_heading: EXT. MILITIA COMPOUND - FRONT GATE
text: John approaches a chain-linked fence which encircles the
text: perimeter of the compound. He pushes the intercom button,
text: pays notice to several security cameras pointed at him. Two
text: MERCENARIES approach from the other side of the gate, AR-15s
text: " semi-autos slung around their shoulders. Well-trained German
text: Shepherds bark violently.
dialog: “8
scene_heading: MERCENARY #1 -
dialog: (German)
dialog: Futz!
text: The dogs ‘instantly behave. The Mercenaries eye-ball John
dialog: suspiciously.
speaker_heading: MERCENARY #1 (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’m here to see Sarah Connor.
speaker_heading: MERCENARY #1
dialog: Nobody here by that name.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Gi © PO 1)
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: JOEN
dialog: I’m her son. She’s expecting me. <come
dialog: en guys, I’ve peen here before.
speaker_heading: MERCENARY 41
dialog: Can’t help you.
text: Mercenary #2’s radio sauawks. He answers the call.
speaker_heading: MERCENARY #2
dialog: Bryce here. What? Roger that.
dialog: {to John)
dialog: You’ re good.
scene_heading: INT. MILITIA COMPOUND - DAY
text: John enters and is escorted past an indoor shooting range.
text: Mercenaries are shredding paper targets with black market
text: machine guns.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - DAY
text: SARAH CONNOR kicks the shit out of a punching bag, practicing
text: Israeli Krav Maga. She’s lean and ripped, defined muscles
text: covered in sweat. Her fierce eyes resonate with distant
text: pain. Sarah steps away from the bag, wipes the sweat off her
text: face, lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: JOHN (OS)
dialog: Thought you were going to stop smoking.
text: Sarah turns and finds John standing in the doorway. The
text: tension is immediate.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Thought you were _ going to start working
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: JOHN -
dialog: Not much time, been pretty focused on
dialog: building the company.
speaker_heading: . SARAH
dialog: How’s all that going?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Great. I just wrote a new program.
dialog: Cutting edge stuff. Hacks into any
dialog: computer system, finds weaknesses, that
dialog: sort of thing.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: There’s a market for that?
speaker_heading: © @ PO
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
dialog: “>
dialog: “y~?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Lot of companies need their security
dialog: checked. We just got a ten million
dialog: dollar line of credit from Goldman Sachs
dialog: to take it public.
text: Sarah nods, hardly impressed.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’ D)
dialog: You can hold back your enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You have an obligation, John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look, I’m just trying to get on with my
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: SARAH ~
dialog: What life?! There is no life unless you
dialog: wake up!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I am awake! But it’s been ten years!
dialog: i '
dialog: Ten years...and nothing has happened!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You can’t assume it’s over, John! It’s
dialog: only a matter time before Cyberdyne or
dialog: some other fucking place creates a
dialog: conscious computer!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look, I’m doing’ more saving the world
dialog: than you are shooting cans! I’m on top
text: of Cyberdyne. They abandoned the . .
dialog: project.. And besides them,’ no-one’s even
dialog: close to creating A.I. -
speaker_heading: SARAH :
dialog: Tell me something, John. What is the
dialog: world going to do when a terminator
dialog: marches into your house and blows you
speaker_heading: on G PO
dialog: away?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Life wili just have to continue without
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Tt can’t! There is no life without you.
dialog: Like it or not, you are the leader of --
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: SOHN
dialog: -~ of the human resistance!? Not
dialog: anymore! We changed history! And
dialog: history changed me!
text: Sarah looks off, refusing to believe that. John forces
dialog: nimself calm.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’ D)
dialog: I’m not the John Connor you want me to
dialog: be. I’m sorry. But I’m just a regular
text: person, trying to get on with a regular
dialog: life. And you should do the same.
text: Sarah shakes her head, no reply.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT! D)
dialog: Look. The reason why I came here is...
dialog: (calming breath)
dialog: +..I’m going to ask Anna to marry me. I
dialog: want you to be a part of it.
text: Sarah stares off, frustrated. John shakes his head, knowing
dialog: what her reply is going to be.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT‘ D)
dialog: Figured as much...
text: John moves to exit, pauses at the door.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’ D)
dialog: I got robbed out of a father...and a
dialog: mother.
text: John exits. Sarah stares after him with mixed emotions.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MD 520N - HOVERING
text: Terminator scans the park below where John had the BBQ party.
text: John is nowhere to be found.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TURBO CESSNA - FLYING
text: John speaks into his cellphone as he approaches the plane.
text: He is unsettled -- Sarah’s words got under his skin.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Boyd, it’s me. Listen, do me a favor.
text: Run by the office and check on Cyberdyne
dialog: Systems for me, will ya?
speaker_heading: ot G PO NY
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BMW CONVERTIBLE - SAY
text: Boyd drives, cellphone to nzs ear.
speaker_heading: BOYD
dialog: John, Jesus...come on. It’s a mentai
dialog: disease, is what you got. ‘You need
dialog: serious professional help. One, it’s
dialog: Saturday and I’ve got a life. Two, you
dialog: blow off your own party before you tell
dialog: me who that girl was. And three, how
dialog: Many times you need to hear: they're out
dialog: of the A.I. business? Hello??
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Do it and I’ll slide you five hundred
dialog: shares.
speaker_heading: BOYD -
dialog: A thousand.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Seven-fifty. And I want a detailed
dialog: project sheet faxed to my house ASAP.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JOHN CONNOR’S HOUSE - DUSK
text: Tight on the Shelby Cobra as it pulls up and parks. Pan up
text: black Gucci boots and sexy legs of T-1G who coldly surveys
dialog: the immediate area.
text: T-1G strides toward the front door, passing a mailbox which
scene_heading: reads: JOHN CONNOR.
speaker_heading: + CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOME OFFICE - DUSK
text: Anna talks to a friend on the cordless while seated before a
dialog: drafting table, rendering architectural plans. in the
text: background is a surfboard.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I don’t know, he’s been planning this big
dialog: dinner tonight. And then today at the
dialog: picnic he had to run out. I’ve never
dialog: seen him so secretive.
text: The DOORBELL rings. Anna moves to answer it, oblivious.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: a
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: ANNA CONT’ 5D)
dialog: What do = think? I think it’s ail good.
dialog: Give me 4 break, he hasn’t even proposed
dialog: yet. No, i’m not going to start clanning
dialog: the honeymoon.
dialog: 
text: na opens the front door and finds Terminator. He removes
dialog: nis sunglasses. :
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR’
dialog: I'm looking for John's -plin.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: He’s not here. What’s this regarding?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: His future.
text: TERMINATOR POV. Heatvision allows Terminator to see through
text: the walls and in all areas of the houa. The only other life-
text: Form inside is an approaching German Shepherd.
text: Anna struggles to hold back Bandita who appears at her side,
text: barking viciously at Terminator.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Bandita down! Sorry, I don’t what’s
dialog: gotten into her.
dialog: (after calming Bandita)
dialog: He'll probably be in early this evening
dialog: if you want to try back then.
text: Terminator scans the area once again, glances at Anna; then
text: exits down the porch walkway.
speaker_heading: ANNA, (COnt’ D)
dialog: Excuse me...
text: Terminator turns back to Anna.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT D)
dialog: Will you be back?
text: Terminator just sends Anna a dark look, dons his sunglasses
text: and continues on his way (no, he doesn’t say the famous
text: words, at léast not here.) Anna shakes her head, shuts the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: OF AIH
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JOHN CONNOR’S HOUSE - DUSK
text: It is now revealed that T-1G is standing ar_ihe entrance of a
text: different house. T-1G examines the bolted shut door.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
dialog: -—w-- --
dialog: 28.
text: Several industriai size Locks keeping anyone from getting in.
text: T-2G kicks down the door and enters.
scene_heading: <NT. JOHN CONNOR'S HOUSE
text: T-iG’s emotionless eyes scan the surroundings. it’s a
text: sesolate, dusty place with old furniture. Severai video
text: cameras pan toward T-1G, RED RECORDING lights flashing.
text: T-iG removes a gun and cocks it. An ALARM WAILS!
text: SUDDENLY, the paintings on two walls swing open, revealing 2
scene_heading: HUGHES 30mm CHAIN GUNS. A BOOBY-TRAP!
text: An EXPLOSIVE BARRAGE of gunfire blasts T-1G! Each
text: penetrating bullet exits the opposite side of her body,
text: narrowly stretching out her skin in the diameter of the
text: bullet. As T-1G is continuously blasted, her distorted form
text: takes on a porcupine effect. The long, skinny spinules the
text: bullets created grow luminous with grainy static —- like
text: static snow on a television. This glowing static emits high-
text: pitched frequencies with each bullet hit.
text: As T-1G is blasted more and more, her body dissipates into a
text: fog of static energy and eventually disappears.
text: The 30mm CHAIN GUNS run out of ammo and click empty.
dialog: Silence.
text: Seconds later, a beautiful geometric aura of static
text: electricity appears -- like an angel floating in a glow of
text: radiant color. Granules of static energy return to their
text: shape and rebuild T-1G, returning her to her gorgeous self --
dialog: her default mode
text: The floor drops out -- a trap door ~-- swallowing T-1G.
text: Sliding down a metal ramp, T-1G plummets into a cauldron of a
text: molten steel. SPLASH! Fire quickly. consumes . her! -- : :
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MILITIA COMPOUND ~- SECURITY SURVEILLANCE ROOM
text: An ALARM wails, red lights flashing. Sarah hustles into the
text: room and finds several MERCENARY TECHS perched before
dialog: computers.
scene_heading: MERCENARY TECH
text: Someone hit the trap.
text: Sarah reacts.
scene_heading: INT. MILITIA COMPOUND ~- GUN ROOM
text: Sarah and an army of Mercenaries gear up with black market
text: 2xtreme weaponry.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 19.
text: Tnis crack assault force is like a weil-oiled machine. No
dialog: renic, no mistakes, tust cumped adrenaiine and focused
dialog: precision.
scene_heading: EXT. SOHN CONNOR'S DECOY HOUSE
text: The Mercenaries communicate with hand signals as they
text: approach the house.
text: MERCENARY #1 hustles up to Sarah, takes cover behind two
text: SMOKE STACKS -- used to ventilate the neat from the decoy
text: nouse’s basement.
speaker_heading: MERCENARY #1
text: All sides are secure. Ready to move on
dialog: your execute.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Do it.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN CONNOR’S DECOY HOUSE
text: Sarah and her team of Mercenaries storm the place. Weapons
text: leveled and ready for action. But there is no action. Sarah
text: scans the area. Cautiously moves about the house.
text: While the Mercenaries comb the place, Sarah steps to the
text: center of the room where the collapsed floor reveals the
text: cauldron of molten steel below. But did the trap work?
speaker_heading: MERCENARY
dialog: Whatever was here, we melted it.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Get me the video.
text: A Mercenary ejects a VCR TAPE and hands it to Sarah.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MONITOR -
text: The tape shows T-1G as the floor opens up. T-1G plummets and
text: splashes into the cauldron of molten steel. But T-1G is
text: completely unaffected. She casually swims to the side of the
text: cauldron and climbs out.
text: Sarah turns sheet white.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT/EXT. FORD EXPLORER - DUSK
text: John pulls up to his house and finds Anna in the driveway,
text: loading a duffle bag into her VW bug. We stay with John as
text: he exits the truck and hurries across the driveway up to her.
speaker_heading: © G MN HY
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: &
dialog: -
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: SOHN
dialog: What are you doing? What’s going on?
text: No reply. Anna is visibly upset.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: What, you're pissed because = Left the
dialog: party?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: What am I talking about? I just got off
text: the phone with a woman who insisted on
dialog: speaking with John “Connor.” Said she ~
dialog: was your mother. I told her she had the
dialog: wrong number. John “Kaplin” lives here.
text: John cringes.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Anna, listen to me.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: It's not the first time this Connor
dialog: thing’s come up. Just tell me the truth,
dialog: John. I’m tired of thinking that I’m
dialog: paranoid.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You're not paranoid.
speaker_heading: ANNA : .
dialog: Is it true? Is it?!
text: John gives her a forfeiting nod. Anna backs away.
speaker_heading: “ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know you.
speaker_heading: 61 DIN
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Anna, I can explain everything.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: What? How you lied to me? You lied to
dialog: me!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Anna, please.
dialog: 
dialog: inden
dialog: pos,
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: femoticnai)
dialog: Who are you?! Here I am, faliing in Love
dialog: with some guy, = don’t even know!
dialog: Everything, sur wnoie relationsnip, +s a
dialog: goddam lie!
text: anna begins crying. John reaches for her.
speaker_heading: JCHN
dialog: Anna.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Don’t touch me!
text: Anna shoves John back. Nosy neighbors across the street spy
dialog: on the domestic dispute.
speaker_heading: SOHN
dialog: You have every right to be angry.
text: Anna fires up the ignition.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Anna, please.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: (suppressing her anger)
dialog: I need to take a drive.
text: Anna puts the car in gear and drives off.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Anna! Shit...
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN HOUSE
text: John enters and finds a few things broken on the floor -- a
text: result of Anna’s temper tantrum. The fax machine finishes
text: spitting out a facsimile.
text: John glances at the fax, studies it quickly. He goes to set
text: it aside when something catches his attention. He examines
text: the fax again. Something doesn’t add up.
text: John opens a filing cabinet and rifles through some papers.
text: He finds another fax sneet on Cyberdyne Systems. He piaces
text: the two pages on top of each other and holds them up to the
text: light. They’re identical. Alarmed, John reaches for the
text: phone. No dial tone -- Anna ripped the cord out of the wall.
text: John flips open his cellphone.
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: © GD PM P
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: INT. SATA SAFE - NIGHT
text: ohn Connor’s computer company. Camera tracks past an
text: impressive display of mainframe computer systems, all rack-
text: unted., Large flatscreen monitors hang on the walls. 3o0yd
text: in the progress of locking up when nis ceilphone rings.
text: Ze answers the call.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOYD
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
text: zohn speaks on his cellphone.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: They’ re identical.
speaker_heading: BOYD -
dialog: Here we go again.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No, listen to me, Boyd. This is serious.
text: It’s a facade. Cyberdyne’s masking their
dialog: operation. I just looked at the project
text: sheet. It’s identical to the one they
dialog: had last quarter except for the dates.
speaker_heading: BOYD
dialog: No shit?
speaker_heading: : JOHN
dialog: Boyd. I want you to do a deep-tissue
dialog: search. Hack into every goddam thing
dialog: Cyberdyne’s got going on over there. Get
text: on it.
speaker_heading: BOYD
dialog: It’s done.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And call me soon as you know anything.
dialog: I’m on Anna‘s cell. You got that number,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: BOYD
dialog: Yeah.
text: John hangs up. A beat later he dials again.
scene_heading: INT. VOLKSWAGEN BEETLE - DRIVING - DAY
text: Anna is driving when her cellphone rings. She struggles to
text: hide her emotion as she takes the call.
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: © SS PD WhO
dialog: z
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: What do you want?
scene_heading: INTERCUT TO JOHN:
speaker_heading: JOHN ;
dialog: Anna, if you’d jus give me a chance to
dialog: explain.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Explain.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I can’t do this over the phone.
speaker_heading: ANNA -
dialog: Then where?
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Cafe Soliel in fifteen minutes.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MILITIA COMPOUND - DAY
text: Sarah and a team of SEVEN MERCENARIES load up two 4X4 wagons
text: with ultra-high-end weapon systems and boxes of ammo. Sarah
text: has a cellphone to her ear, listening to the other end ring
dialog: and ring. .
dialog: . coe SARAH oo : oo te
dialog: ..: «Come on, John, answer the goddam phone. . ‘
scene_heading: INT. JOHN CONNOR’S HOUSE :
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: John home phone has been ripped out of the wall by Anna‘s
dialog: temper tantrum.
scene_heading: EXT. MILITIA COMPOUND - DAY
text: Frustrated, Sarah end the call. She straps on a holster
text: designed for two HK G-36 fully auto assault rifles with
text: pistol grips and folding stocks. She slaps in a new clip.
speaker_heading: Ot G NY PO:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA BLVD - SAY
dialog: y
text: vohn’s Ford Explorer traveis toward an GUTDOOR MALL. 500
text: feet above flies Terminator in the stolen MD-520N helicopter.
text: vyohn’s Explorer pulls into the underground parking structure.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTDOOR MALL - CAFE SOLIEL
text: John finds Anna at a table near a large glass window. He
text: goins her. The mood is more than uncomfortable...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Hi.
text: A WAITER approaches the table.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Something to drink?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Anna)
dialog: Coffee?
text: Anna nods. .
speaker_heading: ‘a JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Two black coffees. Thanks.
text: John gives Anna a look, takes a deep breath. This isn’t
dialog: going to be easy.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D) .
dialog: My mother’s name is Sarah Connor. She‘’s
dialog: a fugitive. Wanted by the FBI,:CIA, NSA,
dialog: you name it. I have to.say she’s dead to
dialog: ‘protect her. And me. 7.0,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You’re serious.
text: John’s look says it all. Anna takes a moment to digest this.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: What’d sne do?
speaker_heading: © G PO PO
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: According to authorities? Enough to
dialog: serve a half-dozen life sentences.
text: ‘ Anna stares off, sickened.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: ne
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: i don’: feei well.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: She’s innocent, Anna. It’s ail a
dialog: smokescreen. <= can’t fuily get into
dialog: detail but what I can tell
dialog: you is --
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: z need to use the restroom.
text: She leaves the table. John stares after ner with concern
text: wnen his cellphone rings.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (answering the call)
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: INT. DATA SAFE ~
text: Boyd sits before a terminal, data reflected in his glasses.
text: He looks amped.
speaker_heading: BOYD
dialog: You’re right. It’s all bullshit.
dialog: Cyberdyne’s got a half dozen other
dialog: projects going on over there. Tight
dialog: security shit.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Anything A.1I.? .
text: Boyd types into the terminal, ‘punching up data.
speaker_heading: ‘ BOYD - woe
dialog: ‘From what I can see there's only one. ao .
dialog: But it’s under’ serious lock.and key. I
dialog: can’t get anything on it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What about the name? The designer?
dialog: What's the project called?
speaker_heading: BOYD
dialog: Jeez, Z‘m not a machine, give me a second
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: Oi G9 PO PO
text: Sohn waits anxiously for Boyd’s information.
speaker_heading: WOMEN’S ROOM
text: Anna returns from the bathroom, composed, make-up perfect.
text: She takes a seat at the table and turns to John with a smile.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: ey
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: SOHN
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Of course. Shouldn't I be?
text: vonn is somewhat baffled by Anna’s conciliatory response and
text: Sright smile. Something seems out of place.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don’t know, should you?
text: Boyd’s voice comes over the cellphone.
speaker_heading: BOYD
dialog: Okay, here it is.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The project’s called uh...Skynet.
text: The blood drains from John’s face.
text: The MDS20N ROARS as it lands right in the middle of the
text: outdoor mall. Shoppers scatter, escaping the deadly rotor
text: blades and torrent winds. Terminator exits with two .45
text: pistols in each hand.
speaker_heading: SLOW MOTION
text: John dives on Anna, sending her to the ground and shields her
text: with his body just as BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! The Terminator
dialog: blasts away!
text: The large glass fountain SHATTERS from the onslaught. John
text: takes Anna by the hand... .
speaker_heading: JOHN os eeotoke
dialog: Come: on! ne vm
text: John yanks her toward the back exit where they narrowly ‘
text: escape Terminator’s attack fire.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTDOOR MALL - DAY
dialog: 
text: John and Anna race across the mall, weaving in and out of the
text: crowd. John stumbles upon a Security Officer. He snakes the
text: rent-a-cop’s GLOCK .40 rom the man’s holster.
speaker_heading: Gt G PS PS
text: Terminator marches past frantic shoppers who lie on the
text: ground, trembling. He levels both .45s and explodes rounds
text: in John's direction. Shoppers scream as they hit the deck!
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: y
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTORCYCLE SHOP - CAY
text: sohn and Anna race across the street and come upon a
text: motorcycle dealership. In front, countless motorcycles are
text: parked side-by-side, back tire to the curb. John shoves the
text: Slock in the face of a motorcyclist’s face who is backing his
text: bike to the curb.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Get off the bike!
speaker_heading: MOTORCYCLIST
dialog: Come on, man! [I just bought this --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Now!
text: The Motorcyclist backs off. Anna jumps onto the bike. Not
text: just any bike. A red Suzuki GSX1300R “HAYABUSA.” ~The
text: fastest sport bike in production. Anna sits in the forward
text: driver’s position, revving the engine.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Move over!
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Get on!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Move over!
text: Several shots whistle over John’s head. Terminator charges
text: across the street, blasting rounds of ammo.
text: No time to argue. John hops on the back, Anna steps into
text: first and pumps the throttle. The Hayabusa is. at 50 ™mph in
dialog: one-thousand-one, one- thousand-two. :.
text: “SCRRRREEEECH! A TRUCK slams on ‘the brakes when Terminator
text: races across the middle of the street. The truck SMASHES
dialog: into Terminator. . .
text: Terminator bounces off the grill and skids across the
dialog: pavement.
text: Unscathed and quickly on his feet, Terminator marches toward
text: the row of sport bikes and hops on a black NINJA ZX-12R. The
text: only street-legal bike which can keep pace with a Hayabusa.
text: Terminator hot-wires the bike, revs the bike, steps on the
text: shifter and gives full throttle! The bike is a blur as it
dialog: wheelies down the street!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: oO 119:
speaker_heading: MK
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA BLVD - DAY
text: vohn hangs on as Anna screams down the boulevara at seventy
text: miles an hour. A red light ahead!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Watch out!
text: Anna goes through the light, narrowly missing a SEMI. She
text: weaves into the center iane where the traffic is less dense.
text: Terminator comes upon the red light and finds the Semi
text: blocking his path. Terminator lays the bike down on its side
text: with its wheels still pointed forward and rests his body onto
text: the engine which skids across the pavement. Sparks shower as
text: Terminator surfs the motorcycle beneath the Semi at fifty
dialog: miles an hour.
text: Once clear of the semi, Terminator picks the bike back onto
text: its wheels and climbs on without missing a beat.
text: Anna races the superbike into a hard turn. Unable to make
text: the angle, she drives the bike up onto the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’ D)
dialog: When d'ya learn to ride like this!?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: There’s things you don’t know about me,
dialog: too!
text: BAM! BAM! BAM! John looks behind and sees Terminator
dialog: gaining.
speaker_heading: ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: 
dialog: Hang on!
text: Anna rolls on more throttle. . Speedometer :climbs: to 100 mp!
text: as the superbike’streaks down Olympic'Blvd. -
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: TERMINATOR POV. A GPS MAP DISPLAY indicates traffic. °
text: Optimal routes. Danger areas. It’s like a video arcade game
text: in fast motion -- except Terminator’s highly sophisticated
dialog: CPU leaves no room for error.
text: Anna speeds down a street directly parallel to the 10
text: freeway. To ner right is a 15 foot berm which ramps up to
dialog: the freeway.
speaker_heading: oi © DO PO
text: Anna turns the sportbike into the ramp at an easy angle,
dialog: creating an Evil Knevil class jump!
text: John white-knucles it as Anna jumps the sport bike up the
text: berm and jumps off...
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: : Terminator’ s “speedoneter
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: ExT. i0 FREEWAY
text: Anna and John hang snto =he Hayabusa as the sike flies across
text: tncoming westbound freeway lanes craffic lixe a bird...
text: The Hayabusa iands onto che eapebound fast lane and keeps
dialog: cace with traffic.
text: Zohn screams at Anna, adreniline-pumped.
speaker_heading: vOKN
dialog: WHO THE HELL ARE YOU!?
text: Anna turns to John, smiles casually, then focuses back on the
text: zvoad ahead.
text: Terminator’s Ninja flies across westbound traffic in the same
text: fashion...but he lands on the roof of a semi.
text: Terminator speeds along the semi trailer and jumps off onto
text: the freeway where her resumes pursuit.
text: Anna sees Terminator approaching in the rearview. She speeds
text: onto the shoulder of the freeway and gives full throttle.
text: John’s face contorts from the furious ram air, his cheeks
text: flapping violently. Eyes squinted hard as the Hayabusa takes
dialog: them to 130 miles.
text: Terminator levels his .45...BAM! BAM! BAM!
text: Anna glances down at the Hayabusa’s speedometer which climbs
text: to 150 miles per hour. The freewayscape ahead contorts
text: Strangely with a tunnel-vision effect. The traffic melts
text: -inte a solid wall of Detroit steel. The speed is almost
dialog: euphoric.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: ‘imbs to. 160 mph.
dialog: 
text: Anna‘s speedometer climbs to: 170."
dialog: Terminator, 180.
text: Anna applies the brakes. Terminator drives through a wall of
text: black smoke.
text: Anna takes an off-ramp which Terminator unwittingly passed.
scene_heading: EXT. OFF-RAMP
text: Anna screams down the off-ramp and locks the brakes! And
text: with no room to spare as dissecting traffic comes within
text: inches of her front tire.
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: ©u G PO PM
dialog: 
dialog: uw
dialog: Oo
scene_heading: EXT. 210 FREEWAY
text: Terminator slows the Ninja and races over to the right
text: shouider of the freeway and jumps off the overpass.
scene_heading: EXT. OVERPASS
text: Terminator’s Ninja lands down onto the street. .45 leveied,
text: Terminator pumps off several shots at John.
text: Anna screams on the throttle, escaping the deadly fire.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The Metrolink!
text: Anna sees what John is indicating. She drives onto the
text: sidewalk and down the stairs of the Metrolink -- L.A.’s new
dialog: subway system.
scene_heading: INT. METROLINK
text: Anna races down the stairs and drives through the ticket
text: gate. An opened maintenance door offers a route past the
text: revolving security gates.
text: Terminator drives the Ninja up onto the wall, using it as a
text: ramp and jumps the bike over the revolving security gates.
scene_heading: INT. METROLINK - TRAIN TUNNEL
text: Anna jumps down onto the subway tracks and pours on full
text: throttle. The Hayabusa is at 90 mph in seconds, rocketing
text: down one pair of tracks. An oncoming train traveling down
text: the sister tracks streaks past, a mere arm’s reach away. One
dialog: wrong twitch, instant death. The effect of speed is
dialog: dizzying. :
text: TERMINATOR POV. Nightvision gives a better view of the dark
text: subway tunnel. Terminator’s own digital Speedometer
dialog: climbs...90 mph...100 mph...
text: John spins around and blows several shots at Terminator’s
text: Ninja with his Glock .40.
text: Bullets spark off Terminator’s bike as he pursues.
text: Anna cuts a fast turn down a...
scene_heading: INT. UNDEVELOPED SUBWAY TUNNEL
text: The Hayabusa banks high up on the hard-packed dirt wall.
text: Terminator makes the same high-bank turn!
speaker_heading: Gi & PO PO
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Watch out!
text: vp ahead, an unmanned tractor blocks their path!
text: Anna drives the Hayabusa up onto the rounded banked walls of
text: the tunnel and successfully escapes the collision.
text: Terminator emulates. The two superbikes scream past like two
text: iuge sleds racing down an Olympic chute.
text: Anna rolls on full throttle while John explodes his remaining
text: rounds at Terminator’s Ninja. Bullets sparking off his bike,
text: Terminator remains glued to them like a tail on a comet.
text: Up ahead, a large stack of steel beams. Anna races high up
text: onto the right wall. Terminator speeds high along the left
text: wall. With the obstacles between them, Anna and John are
dialog: safe. Until...
dialog: Get ready for this...
text: Terminator climbs higher up onto the wall and travels across
dialog: the ceiling -- upside-down!
text: John aims the Glock above and pumps off the remaining shots
text: at Terminator. BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! The gun empty, John
text: discards the pistol.
text: Terminator descends the other side of the sloped tunnel wall
text: and down toward Anna.
text: The tunnel forks ahead! Anna fakes left, then suddenly
text: cranks the bike right, CRASHING through several wooden planks
text: which read -- END OF CONSTRUCTION.
text: Anna hits the brakes hard. -Both tires lock. But the
text: superbike can’t stop fast enough. CRASH! Right into the
text: dead end wall of rock.
text: John picks himself up off the dirt, scraped up and bruised,
text: but not badly injured. Anna, alert and unscathed, checks on
dialog: John‘ s condition.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: You okay?
text: John shrugs, freaked out.
text: Anna turns her head to the sound of a motorcycle engine
text: revving.
text: At the entrance of the dead-end tunnel, Terminator drives
text: forward on the Ninja. He revs the bike in the darkness, red
text: eyes glowing ominously.
dialog: © @ PS
speaker_heading: MK
text: CLOSE ON the rear tire of the Ninja es it spins max RPMs,
text: kicking up dirt. The tire catches traction, rocketing
text: Terminator toward T-1G and John. Terminator levels his .45
text: and empties the rest of the clip. 3AM! BAM! 3AM!
text: Anna jumps in front of John and takes the punishment.
text: Bullets rip through Anna’s chest, exit the opposite side of
text: her body, narrowly stretching out her skin in the diameter of
text: the bullet. A familiar effect.
text: John reacts as Anna returns to default mode. THE T-1G.
text: T-1G shoves John out of the way with inhuman strength.
text: Terminator barrels the bike into T-1G...CRASH! A small
text: EXPLOSION of fire spreads!
text: Terminator grabs T-1G and throws her hard into the rock wall.
text: T-1G runs up the wall, backflips off and comes down on top of
text: Terminator with a violent kick. SMASH! Terminator stumbles
text: back. He picks up the Ninja and launches it at T-1G.
text: T-1G catches the bike like she was thrown a ball, tosses back
text: at Terminator. Terminator ducks as the bike impacts the
dialog: wall.
text: T-1G runs at Terminator. SMASH! The rock walls of the
text: tunnel cave as the two machines battle it out. Terminator
text: drives his fists into her repeatedly. But his fists move
text: through her as her form turns to static energy. It’s as if
text: Terminator is battling a ghost. In this mode, T-1G can’t be
text: injured, nor can she injure.
text: Terminator swings his arms through the static energy gas, but
dialog: with no effect.
text: T-1G turns into a static fog, then DISAPPEARS. Where'd she
dialog: go?
text: John looks around confused. He watches Terminator search the
text: area, equally as baffled.
text: Terminator turns cold eyes upon John and levels his .45.
text: John winces, ready to die.
text: BAM! BAM! BAM! But the bullets never reach John; they seem
text: to have hit an invisible barrier half way.
text: Terminator examines the compacted bullets which appear to be
text: stuck in mid-air.
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: Gv GS PI
dialog: w
dialog: w
dialog: 
text: minator reacts as the background becomes « foreground.
dialog: = 7 vi sh
dialog: ‘s i 2 i y. Making her
dialog: 
text: virtually invisible.
text: 7 iG steps into Terminator and WHACK! Xicks the giant across
text: face. Terminator stumbles back.
dialog: 
text: 7-16 disappears again.
text: Terminator once again searches for his enemy.
text: JOHN'S POV. He sees T-1G standing directly between him and
dialog: Terminator.
text: Terminator sees John, but not T-1G.
text: TERMINATOR POV. His vision changes to INFRARED. No avail.
text: His vision changes to SONAR. T-1G is seen! _
text: SONAR POV. The outlined figure of T-1G racing toward
text: Terminator! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!
text: John watches T-1G go ballistic, kicking the shit out of
text: Terminator. The cyborg doesn’t stand a chance against the
dialog: superior machine.
text: T-1G picks up Terminator and throws him hard into a steel
text: support beam. The support beam collapses. A tsunami of dirt
text: and rock impact Terminator as the roof caves in. Completely
text: burying him. The roof continues caving in, threatening
dialog: John’s life.
text: T-1G grabs John and carries him away from the danger zone.
text: Finally, the avalanche stops. T-1G turns and examines the
text: ccave-in. Terminator is buried in forty feet of dirt’ and
dialog: rock. . -
text: John, shaken up and adrenaline pumped, turns to T-16.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Where’s Anna?!
speaker_heading: T-1G6
dialog: Terminated.
text: John sinks down into a crouched position, staring blankly at
text: the ground, eyes watering. He shakes his head, struggling
dialog: with the harsh reality.
text: The sound of a subway train echoes in the distance. T-1G
text: takes John’s hand.
speaker_heading: ot @ PO PS
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: “)
speaker_heading: -it ‘CONT’ 2)
dialog: Come on.
dialog: 
text: nn pulls away, emotionally upset. John sinks to the
text: round, emotionaliy destroyed.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Jesus... Anna....no, NOOQCO!
text: ‘ohn sinks down, tears streaking down his face.
speaker_heading: T-16
dialog: We have to hurry, John. We can’t do this
dialog: now.
text: 7-1G offers John her hand.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN
text: 7-1G and John take a seat near the back. John suffering from
text: the loss of Anna, stares blankly at the floor with tear-
text: stained eyes. Several GANGBANGERS leer lustfully at T-1G.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don’t understand. Why'd he kill her?
speaker_heading: T-1G
dialog: Anna was important to the resistance.
dialog: And to you.
text: John wipes his eyes, struggling with his emotions. T-1G
text: turns to John with a hint of compassion.
speaker_heading: T-1G (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m sorry... :
text: John takes a deep breath, fighting to pull himself together.
speaker_heading: JOHN © nd oo
dialog: Why’d you take on her likeness?
dialog: é
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: T-1G ° .
dialog: I knew you would mourn her death. Given
dialog: the immediate circumstances, there was no
dialog: time for that.
text: cohn glances at 7T-iG, studying her.
speaker_heading: Oi G9 PO DO
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So lemme guess, I sent you from the
dialog: future to protect me.
speaker_heading: T-1G
dialog: (nods)
text: Twenty-five years from now.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: vy
speaker_heading: sCHN
dialog: Hard for me co imagine I was able to
dialog: capture and re-program you.
speaker_heading: T-1G6
dialog: I can’t be captured I can’t be re-
dialog: programmed.
dialog: 1
text: conn is baffled. i
speaker_heading: T-1G (COnT’ BD)
dialog: Your soldiers stormed Cyberdyne’s main
dialog: factory. You programed the facility to
dialog: build me to your own specifications.
text: but not all of it makes sense.
speaker_heading: JOHRN
dialog: I don’t get it, why the chase? Why’d you
dialog: run from the Terminator when you had no
dialog: problem kicking the shit out of it?
speaker_heading: T-1G
dialog: I had to assume it was an advanced
dialog: prototype.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Like you?
speaker_heading: T-1G
dialog: Not like me. I’m the only one of my
dialog: type.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And what type is that?
dialog: _ T-16 oo, -
dialog: Cyberdyne System’s most elite model,
dialog: T-1G. : .
speaker_heading: "JOHN
dialog: So what are you, liquid metal?
speaker_heading: T-1G6
dialog: Sentient frequency matter.
speaker_heading: SOHN
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: T-1G
dialog: Trillions of molecular engineered
dialog: particles which can take on any physical
dialog: form.
speaker_heading: 61 @ POD
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: eer ore oor
dialog: wre wwe
dialog: >
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So you can basically make yourself into
dialog: anything you want.
speaker_heading: T-16
dialog: Within certain limits.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Human?
speaker_heading: T-1G
dialog: (holds out her hand)
dialog: Touch me.
text: John reaches out and feels her skin. Soft, warm, seemingly
dialog: Auman.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I can’t tell the difference.
speaker_heading: T-1G
dialog: A surgeon couldn’t.
dialog: {examining John)
dialog: You're frightened.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (deep breath)
dialog: I’m just not used to being second on the
dialog: evolutionary scale. .
scene_heading: INT. UNDEVELOPED SUBWAY TUNNEL
text: The heaping pile of dirt and rock separate as Terminator’s
text: torn hand spears through.
dialog: 
dialog: CUT TO:.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHT
text: T-1G yanks open the door of a SEDAN.
speaker_heading: T-1G
dialog: There’s nothing Sarah Connor can do to
dialog: help us. Get in.
dialog: . 2
dialog: My mom...I ‘Should call her. Q
dialog: 3
dialog: =
speaker_heading: oD
scene_heading: INT. SEDAN - DRIVING - NIGHT
text: T-1G cranks the steering wheel. The Sedan skids across the
text: freeway in front of traffic, near-collisions left and right.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I thought the idea was to keep me alive.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 37.
dialog: 
dialog: That's naif
speaker_heading: COHN
dialog: What's the cther hal£?
speaker_heading: T-iG
text: In forty-three minutes, Skynet gains
dialog: consciousness.
text: vohn's blood ices.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Forty-three minutes? It’s going to take
dialog: that long to get there!
text: T-1G races past traffic, weaving in and out of cars. She
text: cranks the steering wheel and speeds down an exit.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’ D)
dialog: Wrong exit! Where’re you going?
speaker_heading: T-1G
dialog: To your computer lab. Datasafe.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: T-16
dialog: You recently created a program which has
dialog: sentient qualities. Self-writing
text: software. Semi-conscious. It crashes
text: mainframes.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Icebreaker.
speaker_heading: T-1G
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The name of the program.
speaker_heading: T-1G6
dialog: We’re going to use Icebreaker to crash
dialog: Skynet.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Crash Skynet?
text: T-1G cranks the wheel, skidding past cars.
dialog: © © PO PS
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: SOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: You're talking about busting down a
dialog: billion dollar computer platform that’s
text: artificially intelligent. Little out of
dialog: my league here.
speaker_heading: T-16
text: Just before Skynet becomes aware, it will
text: go through a period of disorientation.
dialog: During then, it’s vulnerable.
text: -vohn sees a glimmer of hope.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How long’s this period of time?
speaker_heading: T-1G
text: Eight, possibly nine seconds.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN CONNOR’S REAL HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Sarah and her team of Mercenaries search the place for John
text: who’s nowhere to be found. Sarah pets John’s German
text: Shepherd, Bandita, calming the animal.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hi, girl, where’s John?
text: Sarah leaves Bandita and continues to search the house. She
text: finds the faxed pages of Cyberdyne systems. Searches John’s
text: desk and finds a business card which reads:
text: DATASAFE. Technology risk assessment. John Kaplin, president.
text: Sarah notes the address. .
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: ‘EXT. {OFFICE BUILDING - NIGHT
text: This modest two story structure is located near LAX airport.
text: Large jumbo jets occasionally ROAR overhead. The Sedan skids
text: to a stop. John and T-1G hustle out of the car.
scene_heading: INT. DATASAFE
dialog: 2
dialog: 2
dialog: 3
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: MK
text: cohn and T-1G exit an eievator whicn leads into the large
text: warehouse. John unlocks the glass security door and punches
text: in the alarm code.
text: John hits the master switch and powers up the entire computer
dialog: network.
text: T-1G stands behind John as he seats himself before the main
text: terminal. John focuses on the large-screen monitor.
dialog: y
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Takes a minute for the system to power
dialog: up.
text: T-1G lifts her nead as the obnoxious ROAR of a 747 passes
text: cverhead, rattling the windows.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’ D)
dialog: May not be the quietest building in the
dialog: world, but the rent’s cheap.
text: 7-1G gives John a warm smile.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me ask you something. How d‘you
dialog: disappear like that? By changing
dialog: yourself molecularly into air? How?
speaker_heading: T-1G -
dialog: That would make me ineffective in battle.
dialog: Re-molecularzation takes time.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So what do you do?
text: T-1G disappears before John. John reacts curiously.
speaker_heading: T-16
text: I project what’s behind me, onto my body.
text: T-1G moves to John’s other side. What she had projected onto
text: her body now clashes with the background and makes her stand
text: out like a sore thumb.
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Whoa...
text: John watches T-1G returns to her default ‘mode: The :computer
text: ‘beeps as the system goes online.
speaker_heading: : T-1G6
dialog: You’re online.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (snaps out of awe)
dialog: Yeah. Right.
text: John wipes the cold sweat from his brow, takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: T-1G
dialog: Relax, John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I got a nine second window to save three
dialog: billion lives, it’s a little hard to.
dialog: 40.
text: ON THE MONITOR. John's company logo appears. 2ATASAFE.
text: vyonhn's fingers dance across the keyooard as he logs onto
dialog: Cyberdyne Systems.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT‘D)
dialog: How’ re we doing on time?
speaker_heading: T-iG
dialog: Coming up on our window in a minute and a
dialog: half.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Let’s just hope they haven’t changed the
dialog: code.
text: Cyberdyne’s dazzling logo appears. Then a WARNING FLASHES.
speaker_heading: CYBERDYNE COMPUTER (VO)
scene_heading: UNAUTHORIZED ADMITTANCE, PLEASE ENTER
scene_heading: MASTER COMBINATION.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Shit! The code's twenty-digits. Alpha-
text: numeric. It takes Icebreaker five
dialog: minutes to decipher it. We’re screwed.
text: T-1G leans over John and types into the keyboard, fingers
dialog: blazing.
speaker_heading: CYBERDYNE COMPUTER (VO)
dialog: Access granted. Welcome to Cyberdyne
dialog: Systems.
text: John looks up at T-1G, amazed.
dialog: T-16 .
dialog: That much I know. The rest is up to. you~
text: John feverishly goes back to work.
text: ON MONITOR. Icebreaker’s 3-D graphic lays on top of
text: Cyberdyne’s menu. John clicks on one of Icebreaker’s
dialog: options.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Run full crash.
speaker_heading: © & BPS I
text: John hits the ENTER key. He stares at the computer screen,
text: anxious, nervous.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’D)
dialog: All we can do now is hope and wait.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 41.
dialog: 
dialog: is
dialog: neck
text: hn stretches his back, takes an anxious oreath.
text: ces her hands on John’s snoulders ana cives him
dialog: od
dialog: T-i¢
dialog: How's that feei?
speaker_heading: JOHN |
dialog: (slightly uncomficrcable)
dialog: Not bad. ‘
text: vohn focuses on the monitor, surprised by wnat he sees.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’D)
dialog: That was fast.
speaker_heading: T-1G
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: It got right past the inner firewall and
dialog: into the core. You’re right, the system
dialog: is weak.
text: Dazzling computer graphics visually show Cyberdyne’s central
dialog: nervous systems. The core.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’D)
text: Data is being corrupted. It’s working.
text: John, electric, types into his keyboard, but his computer is
dialog: locked.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m frozen. Shit.
dialog: John fights to remedy the situation. --
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT? D) -
dialog: Something’s wrong. This shouldn’t be
dialog: happening.
speaker_heading: : T-1G
dialog: What’s the problem?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’m losing bytes. <=t’s downioading my
dialog: entire network! I have to abort.
text: John’s jaw falls agape as his body convulses with a deadly
dialog: dose of amperage.
speaker_heading: T-1G
dialog: You’ re terminated.
speaker_heading: Ot G9 POH:
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: ¥A-BLAM!
text: T-iG is blown back, her hands sparking with electrical
dialog: current.
text: Zonn falls to the ground, still choking from the electrical
dialog: dose.
text: Sarah Connor marches toward T-1G with her two HK G-36s. She
text: revels them at T-1G and fires a constant stream of ammo.
text: Sarah's Mercenaries back her up. Exploding a barrage of
text: gunfire ac T-1G.
text: ?-1G’s body contorts hideously as she stumbles back from the
text: constant onslaught. Each bullet creating long spinule exit
dialog: holes.
text: Sarah empties both ammo belts, during the brief pause, she
text: quickly turns to John.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Get out of here!
text: Sarah reaches behind her back for a .50 caliber sniper rifle,
text: levels it at T-1G. But before she can squeeze off a shot...
text: T-1G’s body turns to an electrical gas. And in this ghost-
text: like form, the bullets have little effect. T-1G then
text: disappears into thin air.
text: Sarah and the Mercenaries search the area, confused as hell.
text: Mercenary #1, carrying a ROCKET LAUNCHER, is cut across the
text: throat. The soldier stumbles to the ground, dead. Mercenary
text: #2 is knocked t ten feet into’ the wall. . CRASH! :
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MERCENARY
dialog: “Where the fuck is iti?
text: Mercenary #4 is kicked off his feet, neck broken. Mercenary
text: #3 fires wildly, screaming in fear. He suddenly stops, drops
text: his weapon and falls to the floor, a gaping hole in his back.
text: The remaining Mercenaries open fire and spray the entire
text: room. During this, two more Mercenaries are cut down.
text: John grabs Sarah and pulls her back.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You can’t win, come on!
text: Sarah EXPLODES shots randomly.
dialog: 
dialog: © G PM
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 43.
dialog: 
text: 77S, seen for a split second, disappears. Saran, ‘freaxed,
text: -#veis the .50 caliber, oumps off a barrage of gunfire.
text: ran reacts as one of her bullets seems to nave stopped in
text: m. id-air. T-1G’s camoufiaged form is partiaily revealed as
text: he background which she projects on her body isn’t perfectly
text: matched to perspective.
dialog: 
text: Saran clicks her .50 caliber to an empty chamber. While she
text: siaps in a full clip, T-1G’s partially camouflaged form again
text: 22.Sappears.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: SHACK! Sarah is kicked in the chest. She flies back hard
text: nto the elevator doors, dislocating her shoulder. John
text: rushes to her side.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: 7-iG makes herself appear as she marches toward John and
dialog: Sa arah.
text: SING! The elevator doors open. T-1G looks up at...
text: Terminator! He holds a .40mm HK69 grenade launcher.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Get down.
text: Terminator fires a GRENADE which impales T-1G’s chest.
text: EXPLOSION! T-1G is blown back from the violent force. She
text: tumbles across the floor, her body vaporizing into streaks of
text: sizzling light. The lights pours back into itself and
text: reforms T-1G, returning her to default mode.
text: T-1G jumps up onto the ceiling, sticks to it like a spider.
text: She jumps down, grabbing hold of the ROCKET LAUNCHER.
text: Terminator fires another grenade... .EXPLOSION! T-1G, .
text: carrying the rocket_ ‘launcher, :-is blown through: thi window..."
dialog: CRASH! . , Glass everywhere! | . :
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Terminator looks down at John, offers a hand.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR (CONT! D)
dialog: Come with me if you want to live.
text: John is beyond confused. Isn’t this the bad guy? No time to
text: figure this out now. He grabs hold of Terminator’s hand,
text: zamps to his feet, nusties to Sarah wno struggles to ignore
text: che pain of her dislocated shoulder.
dialog: © © PY PO
text: Sarah grabs one of the HK G-36s with her right (good) arm.
text: Slaps in a new belt of ammo, wraps the belt around the same
dialog: arm.
text: Sohn grabs the .50 caliber sniper rifle. The three are now
text: heavily armed and ready for action.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: “y
dialog: 44.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - ENTRANCE
text: T-1G returns to her default mode. She focuses on the rocket
text: sauncher several feet from ner. She picks up the weapon.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE BUILDING
text: Terminator peers through the window and watches T-1G aim the
text: rocket launcher right up at him.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Run.
text: John and Sarah do what they’re told.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BUILDING
text: T-1G pauses firing when something fills her ears. She turns
text: and focuses on an approaching 747, landing gear down, on
text: final approach. T-1G shift aim and fires a rocket at the
dialog: jumbo jet!
scene_heading: EXT. 747
text: The rocket impacts the 747’s wing. EXPLOSION! The fiery 747
text: barrel-rolls out of the sky, heading straight for the office
dialog: building.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE BUILDING
text: Terminator, John and Sarah exit through the side of the
text: building when they see the massive jumbo jet hurtling
dialog: straight for them.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: 
dialog: Run!
dialog: 
text: Terminator hustles up to a MANHOLE ‘COVER, rips off the-lid.
speaker_heading: . TERMINATOR
dialog: Get in.
text: Sarah and John hurry to do just that.
speaker_heading: SLOW MOTION
text: as the 747’s fiery carnage bounces into the parking lot where
text: Terminator, John and Sarah were seconds earlier.
speaker_heading: Gi GD HO HO
text: SMASH! A MASSIVE EXPLOSION as the Office Building where John
text: once worked is CRUSHED by the hurtling fuselage.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: INT. SEWER
text: Terminator, John, and Sarah, wade as fast as they can through
text: the two feet deep sewer water. Chunks of concrete raining
text: down onto their heads. ‘ike St. Elmo’s Fire, a ball of
text: FLAMES rushes toward them.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Get down.
text: Jona and Sarah dive into the water which is bareiy deep
text: enough to cover their bodies. SWOOOOSH! The firestorm
text: SLAZES over their heads.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Traffic is backed up. Crowds of PEDESTRIANS stand outside of
text: their cars. Some cry from the horrific tragedy; others stand
text: catatonic, staring at the 747 crash site.
text: HIGH-PRESSURE WATER shoots out of a fire hydrant and dowses
text: the flames, clearing a path for Terminator, John and Sarah as
text: they emerge from the manhole.
text: Terminator’s eyes target a custom MOTOR HOME.
scene_heading: INT. MOTOR HOME
text: A MOTHER and DAUGHTER back against the rear wall as a
text: gruesome Terminator rips off the door and enters. He is
text: still smoldering, large portions of endoskeleton exposed
text: beyond charred cloned flesh.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Get out. . :
dialog: What a good idea! The Mother and Daughter, .in a state of
text: panic, squeeze past Terminator as fast as their nerves can
text: propel them. The FATHER, behind the wheel, approaches
text: Terminator, in a state of shock from the horrific 747 crash.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: ‘What the hell is this!?
text: The Father goes limp at the sight of Terminator. John and
text: Sarah enter with their heavy artillery weapons.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: You stay.
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: © G DS WO
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: EXT. TWISTED 747 AFTERMATH
text: A victim of the wreckage focuses on an angelic burst of
text: colorful light. T-1G appears -- is this the Virgin Mary?
text: The Victim reaches out for what she assumes is her savior
text: anil T-1G steps on the victim’s neck and coidly strides on,
text: ire illuminating her perfect body.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. MOTOR HOME ~ DRIVING - NIGHT
text: vohn peers out the back window, searching for the T-1G. The
text: coast appears to be clear. John turns back to Terminator.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You kicked ass back there.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I know.
text: Sarah lets out a grunt, cringing from the agony of her
text: dislocated shoulder. Terminator approaches Sarah, examines
dialog: her.
text: TERMINATOR POV. The dislocation is clearly seen.
text: CRACK! Re-sets the shoulder. Sarah lets out a SHARP SCREAM.
speaker_heading: UP FRONT
text: The Driver winces from the scream, scared shitless. While
text: driving, his eyes fall on a cellphone.
speaker_heading: BACK CABIN
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How many models like you have been sent
dialog: back?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Just me.
dialog: 
text: John takes a closer look at Terminator. He can see the
text: cyborg’s human flesh slowly repairing itself, returning
text: cloned tissue and endoskeleton to new.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: ‘fou're healing.
speaker_heading: Gil GD PO WO
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I am Cyberdyne Systems model T-201.
dialog: Upgraded self-regenerating capability.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You were trying to kill me.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: = waS prcgrammed to stop you.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: By who?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR |
dialog: You. Twenty-five years from now.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Wait a minute, you’re saying that John
dialog: sent you back through time to terminate
dialog: himself?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Not terminate...stop. Injury was an -
dialog: acceptable risk.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Stop me? From doing what?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Cyberdyne Systems was unsuccessful in
dialog: making Skynet conscious. The program
dialog: lacked one thing. A sense of mortality.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Whadaya mean, mortality?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Skynet could not know life, until it was
dialog: threatened with death. That’s what your
dialog: program taught it. .
speaker_heading: . JOHN . -
dialog: You're telling me, when I tried‘to crash
dialog: Skynet, I brought the damn thing to
dialog: life?!
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Yes.
text: John’s blood turns to ice.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Skynet’s alive... Jesus...
text: Sarah grabs John.
speaker_heading: ©u G PS PO
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT’ D)
dialog: Why didn’t you tisten to me! You had an
dialog: obligation, goddammit! ‘fou shouid’ ve
dialog: LISTENED TO ME!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How was I supposed to know that --
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Three billion iives, John! Three billion
dialog: human lives!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We can still stop it!
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: Skynet is already in control of several
text: nuclear platforms. War is imminent.
text: Sarah takes that like a knife in the heart.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We don’t have any other options.
dialog: {to John)
dialog: Keeping you alive’s our only chance now.
dialog: (to Terminator)
dialog: I’ve been stock piling supplies in a cave
text: deep inside Mount Chaffney.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Mount Chaffney is where John Conner
text: emerges after the nuclear fires.
dialog: 
dialog: ‘There is no ‘fate but what me make. - Those
dialog: are your words, remember?
speaker_heading: _ SARAH
dialog: It’s over, John.
text: John refuses to believe it.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - PAY PHONE
text: Frantically speaking into the phone is the Wife of the Motor
text: Home Driver, her daughter hugging tightly to her waist.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Gi GS PO HO -
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: (hystericaii
dialog: i‘m telling you, I’m sure they had
dialog: something to do with the crash, they were
text: heavily armed. Yes, heavily armed.
dialog: Please be careful, they have my husband!
scene_heading: EXT. MOTOR HOME
text: The vehicle speeds down the freeway.
scene_heading: INT. MOTOR HOME - BACK CABIN
text: John sits in anguish. Terminator stands in the center of the
text: cabin, ready for attack, weapons tight in his grip. Sarah
text: studies John’s pain; something she’s familiar with.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I’m sorry about Anna.
text: John nods, eyes adrift.
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT'D)
dialog: I know what you’re going through. I know
dialog: how hard it is to lose someone. But you
dialog: have to put it behind you.
text: John looks directly into Sarah’s eyes. They now have
text: something in common besides blood. John looks up at
dialog: Terminator.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Why Anna?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: _. The T-1G’s highest probability for
dialog: success was to ‘get close to you posing as
dialog: your girlfriend, © . -
text: John looks off, tortured.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR (CONT'D)
dialog: You are now targeted for termination.
dialog: The T-1G will not stop until --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: -~ it completes its mission, yeah I know
dialog: the drill.
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: I set a trap back at the compound. A vat
text: of molten metai. The T-1G fell right
dialog: smack into it --
speaker_heading: GI) G9 DS PO
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: JCHN
dialog: ~~ and right smack out.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: The T-iG is Skynet’s most elite model.
text: Composed of sentient frequency matter.
dialog: tt can’t be melted, frozen or blown-up.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How do we kill it? Can we kill it?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: Unknown.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHEYENNE MOUNTAIN COMPLEX - NORAD - NIGHT
dialog: Establishing.
scene_heading: iNT. NORAD - COMMAND CENTER
text: Giant screens display maps of the world, via satellite.
text: Perched before terminals which access the mainframe are Naval
dialog: Techs.
text: One of the TECHS is alarmed by what he sees. He checks the
text: data on his computer screen to be sure. He rips off a
text: printed sheet and hurries to exit the room.
scene_heading: INT. NORAD - CAFETERIA
text: The Tech hustles up to a Naval Captain, the COMMAND DIRECTOR
text: who's in the middle of eating.
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: Sorry to interrupt, Sir, but you might
dialog: want to take a look at this.
text: The Command Director examines the printed sheet. The Tech
text: gives the Command Director a smirk.
speaker_heading: TECH (CONT’D)
dialog: It's a drill, right?
text: The Command Director's face turns to stone.
speaker_heading: COMMAND DIRECTOR
dialog: Get me General Wade.
dialog: The Tech reacts, this is no drill.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: Gi GS HN SO
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: —-— --
dialog: 
dialog: ie
scene_heading: =NT. CAMP DAVID ~ PRESIDENT’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The PRESIDENT is awakened by a man in a SUIT.
speaker_heading: SUIT
dialog: Mr. President.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: The President buttons his shirt as he strides down the hall.
text: He’s met by one of his JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF who keeps pace.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: What’s going on?
scene_heading: JOINT CHIEF OF STAFF
dialog: One of our Ohio-class subs has been put
text: on silent running and is poised for
text: ballistic assault. They’re too deep to —-
dialog: establish any kind of contact.
text: The President turns to his EXECUTIVE SECRETARY.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Have we heard from Matt Ribberdy?
scene_heading: EXECUTIVE SECRETARY
dialog: No yet, sir.
speaker_heading: PRESDENT
dialog: Get him. And I need coffee.
scene_heading: INT. CAMP DAVID - MEDIA ROOM
text: The President, sipping coffee, sits before a video conference
text: network. Displayed via teleconference. is MATT RIBBERDY. He
text: sits inside A COMMAND AND CONTROL; ‘enter, - Location. unknown. :*
dialog: 
scene_heading: PRESIDENT ° .
dialog: ‘ Matt, what’s going on . down there?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Hacking, sir. Our command and control
text: database is being accessed.
text: The President reacts to what may be considered an act of war.
speaker_heading: MATT (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir, every firewall’s falling like tinder
dialog: sticks. None of our counter-measures
dialog: have been successful. I highly suggest
dialog: we place an uncorrupted copy in our Green
dialog: River Complex. 1 need 200 terabytes of
dialog: core freed up and full access to the
dialog: Cyber Cellar.
speaker_heading: OV PN ._
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: ~~
dialog: 6
dialog: (re
text: The Secretary of Defense is seen on another monitor.
scene_heading: SECRETARY OF DEFENSE.
dialog: Mr. President, we can’t just open our
dialog: most secured facility and allow a
dialog: database wnich might very well be
dialog: corrupted --
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: The copy is uncorrupted, sir.
text: The President is anguished, cold sweat lining his brow.
speaker_heading: MATT (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir, we have to erase the core before
dialog: anymore information is accessed. And we
dialog: can’t do that until we have a secured
dialog: copy in place.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
text: Free up two hundred terabytes of core.
scene_heading: SECRETARY OF DEFENSE.
dialog: Mr. President --
text: The President shoots the Secretary Of Defense a hard look.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION/MINI MALL - NIGHT
text: Terminator refuels the Motor Home when another customer on
text: the opposite side of the gas pumps curses the credit card
text: Machine in frustration. The CUSTOMER looks up at Terminator.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: These goddam ‘Stupid | machines |
dialog: ‘They’ re .
dialog: allicrap! . f
dialog: 
text: Terminator shoots the “Gisgruntied Customer a death look as
text: the man strides toward the attendant window.
scene_heading: INT. MOTOR HOME
text: John walks up and sits in the passenger seat, turns to the
text: Driver who is obviously petrified.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Howya doing?
dialog: (no reply)
dialog: Look, we have no intention of hurting
dialog: you.
text: The Driver is incredulous.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Gi G PO HO
speaker_heading: JOHN ‘CONT'D)
dialog: ‘ Get back to your family. Spend as much
dialog: - time with them as you possibly can, okay?
dialog: Go ahead.
text: Tne Driver, at first somewhat reluctant, opens the door and
text: exits quickly and quietly.
speaker_heading: 3ACK CABIN
text: vohn approaches Sarah as Terminator enters.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: Both tanks are full.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’m not doing this. I'm not running off
dialog: so I can hide in a mountain somewhere.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: How long before Skynet launches?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: A U.S. Trident submarine launches the
dialog: first warhead at San Francisco in eighty-
dialog: two minutes.
text: { \ Sarah shakes her head, devastated.
speaker_heading: Co JOHN
dialog: What if we destroyed Cyberdyne? I mean
text: nuked the place completely.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Negative. Skynet has anticipated that,
text: and is downloading itself into a
dialog: protected environment. Once safe, it
dialog: will launch’ globally. Two hours after
text: San Francisco is destroyed.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: - JOHN
dialog: There’s has to be someway to stop this.
text: John storms out of the Motor Home.
scene_heading: EXT. MINI MALL - NIGHT
speaker_heading: Gi @ PO PO
text: John walks past the stores, suffering with guilt.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Think, John, think...
text: . Through the storefront window, John spies on a Father and Son
dialog: (! being playful.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 54.
text: a erminator approaches.
speaker_heading: SOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: T can’t do it.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Because I make mistakes. Too many
dialog: mistakes. I let myself get set up.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: People are supposed to believe in me?
dialog: Trust me? Why should they?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: You are an effective leader.
text: John shakes his head, unable to hear the words.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’m responsible for the greatest
dialog: cataclysmic event man will ever know!
dialog: And I’m supposed to live in a mountain
dialog: while cities burn to a crisp? No way.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ¢ I sent you back through time to stop me,
dialog: eo another mistake... You should blow me
dialog: \ away.
text: John walks off. Terminator grabs John and hurls him into
text: some trash cans. CRASH!
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’ D)
dialog: What the hell!
dialog: 
text: Terminator picks up do
text: against his temple. .
dialog: 
dialog: with one hand an
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JOHN . (CONT? D) ~ an
dialog: What are you doing?! Stop! It’s me,
dialog: Connor! 7
dialog: (terminator cocks the pistol)
dialog: Leader of the resistance!
text: Terminator pauses, uncocks the pistol and withdraws it from
text: schn’s head.
dialog: >
dialog: 2
dialog: 3
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Then start acting like him.
text: Point made. John wipes the blood from his Lip.
dialog: t !
speaker_heading: : JOHN
dialog: What'd T,do? Program you to kick my ass
dialog: if T started acting like a coward?
speaker_heading: : TERMINATOR
dialog: “Baby.” ; The word you used.
text: Jdhn extends his hand.
speaker_heading: | JOHN
dialog: Give me » hand,
text: rminator pulls John half way up...lets go. John crashes
dialog: ck down.
speaker_heading: oH
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT? D)
dialog: Thanks! ;
dialog: 
speaker_heading: | TERMINATOR
dialog: (walking off)
dialog: No Problemo.
text: hn gets to his feet and catches up with Terminator who
text: rides toward the: motor home.
speaker_heading: iL JOHN
dialog: “No probilemo??” Sounds familiar, I teach
dialog: o to say that in the future?
dialog: i
dialog: ag
speaker_heading: | ‘TERMINATOR
dialog: Among ee things.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Like =
speaker_heading: . TERMINATOR
dialog: v»You programmed-me.to push you to-your ..- +
dialog: full pot tial... - Keep you alert.
speaker_heading: JOHN | ne
dialog: You mean give me shit. Is that what
dialog: you’ ce aeily saying?
speaker_heading: j; TERMINATOR
dialog: It’s " you work best.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Great... just what T need. A Terminator
dialog: with attitude.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Well at ‘least you have some personality.
speaker_heading: | ‘TERMINATOR
dialog: ' One of us has to.
dialog: 
dialog: 56.
text: sohn stops in his tracks, realizing chis reiationship might
dialog: ce nell.
scene_heading: INT. MOTOR HOME
text: Sarah opens the door as John enters, disheveled, blood under
text: Ais nose. Terminator trails.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What the hell happened?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: We had a nice talk.
text: Sarah reacts as John wraps some ice in a towel and holds it
text: against his cheek, a little cautious of Terminator.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You said Skynet downloaded itself into a
dialog: protected environment...where?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Green River Launch Complex. Utah.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Green River?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It’s the new Area 51. Place is a goddam
dialog: fortress.
text: With his free hand, John picks up a cellphone and dials.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: District of-Columbia...the ‘Central
dialog: Intelligence Agency please..:
speaker_heading: °°" SARAH
dialog: John!?.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We can’ t do this alone.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You think you can convince them? You’ll
dialog: be stuck in red tape hell. I’ve dealt
dialog: with this shit, you haven’t.
speaker_heading: Ot G DO INO
text: John stubbornly remains on the line. Terminator grabs the
text: phone from John and smashes it in his grip. John, confused,
text: faces Terminator.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: ee What, I programmed you not to Listen to
dialog: ‘8 me too?
dialog: TERMINATO!
dialog: Only when your survilval is at risk.
speaker_heading: SARAH |
dialog: John, we can’t win this right now.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: My gut tells me we can! if I can’t trust
dialog: my gut, how the hell am I supposed to
dialog: make a decision in the future?
text: Terminator lifts his head as he hears something.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: Helicopters. Approaching from the -
dialog: Northwest.
text: John and Sarah listen, hear nothing. Terminator moves to the
text: window, looks out.
text: TERMINATOR POV. Telescoping nightvision reveals an army of
text: choppers approaching. Searchlights aim down at the Mobile
dialog: Home.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR (CONT’ D)
dialog: They’ re targeting us.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (peering out the window)
dialog: They think we downed the jet.
text: The choppers are now audible to human ears. . Terminator grabs
text: a .50 caliber sniper rifle. . . oe
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JOHN fee
dialog: Unless you want a bloodbath, there’s only
dialog: one way out of this..
text: Sarah pauses, struggling with what will be the biggest
dialog: decision of her life.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: They won't Listen.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: They’ 11 have to.
dialog: {to Terminator)
dialog: You know how to surrender?
speaker_heading: C
speaker_heading: 61 DD”
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Surrendering is not one of my mission
dialog: parameters.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It is now. vut your hands above your
dialog: head.
text: Terminator reluctantly does as he’s told.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: How do I look?
text: John examines Terminator who looks more than awkward.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Surrendering is not you.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - ABOVE - NIGHT
text: The Copilot aims a NIGHTSUN spotlight down at the Motor Home,
text: illuminating John, Sarah and Terminator as they exit the
dialog: vehicle.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Charley base, seven six uniform. Have
text: terrorists in sight.
speaker_heading: RADIO (VO)
text: Subjects are heavily armed. Use extreme
dialog: caution,
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD BESIDE MINI MALL - NIGHT
text: Torrent winds blast dirt into the air as a SQUADRON OF
text: HELICOPTERS perform steep approaches.
dialog: 
text: Upon landing, armed SWAT, POLICE and“ FBI ,exit with weapons
text: leveled. They stealthily storm the ‘Motor Home with trained
dialog: precision. :
text: John, Sarah and Terminator stand beside the Motor Home, hands
text: in the air, winds blasting their faces.
text: TERMINATOR POV. A digitized scan of the approaching SWAT
text: soldiers. Each of their weapons is identified; their lines
dialog: of fire calculated.
text: Terminator shoves John back behind his body to protect him.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: This is tactically dangerous.
speaker_heading: G1 © PS P
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SOHN
dialog: Just stick with the plan and we‘1l:i be
dialog: fine.
text: TERMINATOR POV. Highly sensitive ears hear everything.
text: Weapons cocking, bullets being loaded. Safeties being
dialog: released.
speaker_heading: POLICE MEGAPHONE
dialog: Drop your weapons!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We are unarmed! We surrender!
text: John looks down and sees a pistol tucked in Terminator’s
text: front belt.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Shit! Lose the gun. -
text: SWAT POV. The task force reacts as Terminator reaches into
text: his belt to discard his .45.
speaker_heading: SWAT #1
dialog: Gun!
text: All hell breaks loose. Terminator quickly pulls John into
text: his chest and turns his back to the gunfire. Sarah dives and
text: rolls beneath the Motor Home, narrowly escaping the
text: onslaught.
scene_heading: SWAT SERGEANT
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Cease fire!
text: The shooting stops. .The SWAT soldiers rush John and
text: Terminator, guns leveled.:..) ' ees
dialog: 
scene_heading: “BEHIND MOTOR HOME
dialog: 
text: “A team of SWAT soldiers storm Sarah, M4s leveled.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What part of “we surrender” didn’t you
dialog: fucking understand?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 2
dialog: 2
dialog: 3
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: TITLE CARD:
scene_heading: GREEN RIVER LAUNCH COMPLEX, UTAH
dialog: +
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND AND CONTROL CENTER - CORRIDOR
text: Large plasma monitors with projected maps of North America.
scene_heading: High-tech terminals, etc... Chief Programmer -- MATT RIBBERDY
text: ~- is approached by his assistant. We recognize Matt from
dialog: the presidential teleconference call earlier. We note that
dialog: 
text: he iooks a little different -- heavier, longer hair, etc...
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Mr. Ribberdy, the President's on
dialog: teleconference.
scene_heading: INT. MATT RIBBERDY'S OFFICE
text: Matt takes a seat behind his desk and faces his computer. A
text: few clicks of his mouse and the President is seen on a
text: teleconference monitor.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Mr. President.
scene_heading: INT. CAMP DAVID - MEDIA ROOM
text: The President faces the teleconference monitors and finds
dialog: Matt Ribberdy.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: I want an update.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: An update? On what, sir?
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: The download.
dialog: MATT / . .
dialog: I wasn’t informed of any download.
dialog: 
scene_heading: - : PRESIDENT
dialog: I just got off the phone with you.
text: Matt tenses.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Not me, sir.
text: the President reacts.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: O1 9D...
dialog: 
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: =XT. GREEN RIVER LAUNCH COMPLEX, UTAH
text: This experimental weapons test area is surrounded by dusty
text: desert plains, hills and a deep canyon gorge. High-voltage
text: tazor-wire surrounds a ten mile perimeter, at the center is a
text: series of massive government hangars.
scene_heading: INT. CYBER CELLAR - LOW LIGHT
text: A state-of-the-art vault which houses the nation’s largest
text: computer data base and defense platforms. Thick titanium
text: plast doors insure that even in a nuclear event, the computer
dialog: system would remain fully operational.
text: ROBOTIC ARMS mounted to a track on the ceiling control the
text: loading and unloading of data. It’s a fully automated system
dialog: with little to no need for human intervention.
text: inside the cellar are fifty large computer towers. -Displayed
text: on the face of each tower are monitors, each displaying.
text: Dazzling graphics which clearly illustrate the progress of
dialog: the 200 terabyte download.
scene_heading: INT. CYBER CELLAR - CONTROL BOOTH
text: Occupying the room are two COMPUTER TECHS. Each with their
text: own terminals. While the Techs bullshit back and forth,
text: Ribberdy storms the booth in a panic.
speaker_heading: RIBBERDY
dialog: How many terabytes have transferred?
speaker_heading: TECH #1
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: RIBBERDY
dialog: Cancel the load! _ Lo .-
text: . The Techs jump to action. Tech #1 types into his computer,
text: but gets no. response.
speaker_heading: TECH #1
dialog: I’m locked out.
text: Ribberdy’s expression turns alabaster white.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: FBI HEADQUARTERS. L.A. REGIONAL OFFICE
scene_heading: EXT. BRADLEY BUILDING - NIGHT
text: TWO BLACKHAWK helicopters touch down onto twin helipads
text: perched on the roof of the building.
speaker_heading: Gi GS PS PO
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: X,
dialog: 62.
text: = team of armed SWAT soldiers rush the chopper. John and
text: Sarah exit, nands and feet shackled.
text: Tne Swat soldiers. rush past them and approach the second
text: Blackhawk chopper. They step inside and find more soldiers
text: guarding Terminator who wears a SHACKLE VEST made of thick
text: titanium. Two massive titanium ankle-mounts limit his
text: walking to short steps.
text: Terminator meets up with John and Sarah as they are escorted
text: toward an awaiting freight elevator. Terminator turns
dialog: privately to John.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I could effectively terminate these
dialog: soldiers. We could be in safe ground in
text: an hour and twenty minutes.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We're not killing anybody. Just stick
dialog: with the plan.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: What plan?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: {turns to John)
dialog: What’s with the attitude?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Tt programmed him that way. To keep me on
dialog: my toes.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Jesus Christ.
text: ‘The freight elevator doors open.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR c
text: The SWAT soldiers stop as they come to a steel vault door. 2
text: They unlock the door and motion for Terminator to enter. Da
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: {to Terminator) 3
dialog: You, in here. —
dialog: 5
text: The other Soldiers motion for John and Sarah to continue down
dialog: the corridor.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (privately to Terminator)
dialog: Stay cool, alright? They’ re gonna want
dialog: to examine you. Show ‘em what they want
dialog: to see.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
dialog: . 33.
text: & SWAT soldier annoyingly jabs Terminator in the back with an
text: M4. Terminator turns, snaps the titanium craceiets from his
text: wrists (like they were calsa wood) and grabs the M4 with
text: lightening speed.
text: The other SWAT soldier aims thedr weapons at Terminator.
dialog: !
speaker_heading: SWAT i
dialog: Drop the gun! Drop it now!
text: Terminator breaks the M4 in half. Drop the pieces at the
text: soldiers feet. Point made, he enters the nolding tank. On
dialog: his terms.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM “THE BOX” = LOW LIGHT
text: This maximum security facility is lined with steel Walls. A
text: table and two chairs are welded to the floor. The shackles
text: Sarah wears are bolted to the wall behind her. Taped to her
text: neck, wrist and other areas of her body are tiny sensors.
text: Special cameras and state-of-the-art detection equipment
dialog: monitor physiological response.
text: In charge of the questioning is an agent wearing a baseball
text: cap, jeans, boots -- slight Virginia drawl. He is MIKE
text: ROLAND. Also present are two armed GUARDS.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Sarah, another cigarette?
text: Roland removes a pack of Marlboros from his pocket, lights
text: one up and places it between Sarah’s lips.
speaker_heading: ROLAND (CONT’D)
dialog: Why. don’t you tell me-who: you work for -
dialog: again? . -
speaker_heading: ~ SARAH
dialog: I’ve answered that question.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: My memory isn’t so good.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Then play it back on one of your fucking
text: recorders.
scene_heading: INT. THE BOX #2 - JOHN
text: John is in a similar situation except the agent questioning
text: him is TIM LAWSON. Dark eyes, dark suit.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: © @ PS PS
dialog: y
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: Loak, we know about genetic
dialog: amplification. Not just strength Sut the
dialog: ability to neal rapidly. Body armor
text: surgically implanted beneath the skin.
dialog: That sort of stuff. We also know China’s
dialog: funded more than a quarter billion YS in
dialog: this type of research.
speaker_heading: SOHN
dialog: You guys are way off the map.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Well, we're not always on top of our game
dialog: over here.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I told you what he is! Listen to me!
dialog: While we sit here wasting our time, an
dialog: ICBM is minutes from being launched!
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: You’ ve made that point clear. What do
dialog: you suggest? We evacuate San Francisco?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It’s gonna come from one of our own subs.
dialog: We can stop it but --
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: One of our own subs??
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING TANK - LOW LIGHT
text: Terminator stands in the middle of a barren titanium tank,
text: ultra thick carbon cable attached to a.single industrial-
text: sized eye-bolt in the center -of.the:floor.*:.A red:laser Lights
text: scans Terminator’s <body in a circular: motion; examining every”.
dialog: square inch of him.”
text: On one of the walls is a two-way mirror, protected by thick
text: titanium bars.
text: TERMINATOR POV. Terminator changes vision so that can see
text: through the two-way mirror. Inside he sees and hears two
text: AGENTS, one of which is discussing him on the phone.
speaker_heading: AGENT #1
dialog: It’s definitely him. From ‘84 and ‘91,
dialog: yeah...
speaker_heading: OO ROAD
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: e
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: INT. BOX #1 - SARAH
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Could you explain how this man survived
text: enough armor piercing rounds to cut a
text: tank in half? How he snaps a machine gun
text: like a twig, and why he can’t be
dialog: tranquilized?
text: Roland slides an 8x10 photo toward John and Sarah. The
text: picture shows Terminator with exposed endoskeleton beneath
dialog: nis cheek.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You‘ re so over your head.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM
text: Terminator is seen through the observation glass. fAigh-tech
text: equipment spits out endless data as Terminator is examined
dialog: from head to toe.
speaker_heading: AGENT #1
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: No...he doesn’t respond, we tried that.
text: As Agent #1 paces back and forth, countless photos of
text: Terminator, pinned to the wall, are visible -- pictures of
text: Terminator from the first two films, some blown-up photos
text: show Terminator with patches of exposed endoskeleton.
speaker_heading: AGENT #1 (CONT’D)
dialog: Listen to me, Beth, I’m staring at a
dialog: living fucking phenomenon here... No,
dialog: we‘re waiting on X-rays now.
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Well what the hell do you expect ‘me to
dialog: do? I can’t just ask the.man to remove
dialog: his skin!
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING TANK
text: Terminator easily breaks free of the shackle vest. He grabs
text: one of the injection darts, yanks it from his skin. He snaps
text: off half the needle and jabs it into the base of his head.
text: Using the broken needle, Terminator slices open the back of
dialog: Ais scalp...
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM
text: Agent #1 drops the phone from his flaccid grip when he sees
text: Terminator slice open the back of his head. Agent #2 reacts
text: in the same fashion.
speaker_heading: Gt GS IP WO
speaker_heading: MK
text: . One Soldier actually pisses his pants.’
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING TANK
text: Having cut a perfect iine from the base of his neck to the
text: top of his cranium, Terminator then jabs the broken needle
text: into the front of his neck.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM
text: Agent #1 hits an intercom button.
speaker_heading: AGENT #1
dialog: We got a problem.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: Armed soldiers hurry through.
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING TANK
text: Terminator finishes slicing a perfect circle around the
text: circumference of his neck. He then places his hands upon his
text: ears and shoves upwards.
text: The Soldiers enter with their weapons ready. They find
text: Terminator with his back turned.
text: We hear the sticky sound of flesh and musculature separating.
text: Terminator pulls off his face like a Halloween mask.
text: The Soldiers are horrified at the sight of a metal cranium.
text: After removing the human mask, Terminator turns to the
text: soldiers, revealing his true endoskeleton head. Red eyes
text: glowing. Steel jawline. Traces of blood beading against
text: shiny armored steel. a
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM
text: Agent #3 enters with a stack of X-Rays, oblivious. Too
text: consumed by his own findings.
speaker_heading: AGENT #3
dialog: Someone tell me this is a joke.
text: Agent #3 slaps down X-Rays onto an iiluminated table.
dialog: tT i ‘ i + Pneumatic pumps,
text: mazes of optical circuitry. Fierce battle armor.
text: Agent #3 notices the other agents gawking through the
text: observation glass at Terminator. He takes a gander for
dialog: himself.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: © GD WS IN
dialog: 
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: AGENT #3 (CONT'S
dialog: Jes-us fucking Christ.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MINI MALL - NIGHT
text: The Motor Home is hoisted back onto its wheels by a portable
text: crane. A handful of Officers and FBI men examine the
text: remnants of the crime scene.
text: LOW ANGLE on black Gucci Boots. Camera rises to find T-1G
text: surveying the area. T-1G approaches an FBI PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: taking pictures.
speaker_heading: T-1G
dialog: I’m with the Times, can I ask you a few
dialog: questions?
speaker_heading: FBI PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: No comment.
text: T-1G’s POV as she focuses on FBI Photographer’s brain, where
text: she deciphers...
scene_heading: NEURO-ELECTRIC ACTIVITY: Among the cluttered thoughts and
text: images, subconscious dialogue overlaps: “She’s beautiful.
dialog: Who is she? Hide my wedding ring.”
text: The FBI Photographer discreetly hides his wedding ring by way
text: of holding the camera.
speaker_heading: T-1G
dialog: Just tell me where they took the
dialog: terrorists.
scene_heading: .NEURO-ELECTRIC ACTIVITY: ‘Among surreal images-we: hear
dialog: chaotic subconscious dialogue: “I :don’t know where they were
text: taken. I just take pictures. I’m in the dark. Take off my
dialog: glasses. Get her number.”
speaker_heading: FBI PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: (removing glasses)
dialog: I can’t tell you that.
speaker_heading: T-16
dialog: Who would know where the terrorists were
dialog: taken?
speaker_heading: ©1 @ WO HO
scene_heading: NEURO-ELECTRIC ACTIVITY: Images of another FBI Agent are
text: seen. A heavy-set, balding man. We hear his name: AGENT
text: PERRIL. Subconscious dialogue overlaps... “What's her name?
dialog: Get her number. What network are you with?”
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FBI PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: What network are you with?
dialog: 
text: T-1G turns and focuses cn AGENT PERRIL who sits inside a
text: nondescript car, speaking on a cellphone. 7-1G walks off
text: with no reply.
scene_heading: EXT. FBI CAR
text: Agent Perril hangs up his cellphone and finds T-1G standing
text: over nim with a big smiie.
speaker_heading: T-1G
dialog: Mr. Perril, where did they take the
dialog: terrorists?
scene_heading: NEURO-ELECTRIC ACTIVITY: “How does she know my name? Who is
dialog: she? Very pretty. I’m happily married. I hope she’s not
dialog: N.S.A.”
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #2
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: T-1G
dialog: N.S.A. Where were the terrorists taken?
scene_heading: NEURO-ELECTRIC ACTIVITY: Images of a building in the
dialog: o industrial downtown part of Los Angeles. The Bradley
text: Building, 1200 Grant Ave. Subconscious dialogue is heard:
dialog: “What’s the N.S.A. want with this? I don’t believe her.”
speaker_heading: PERRIL
dialog: Can I see some identification?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: -1G reaches : rril’s: chest.
text: T-1G POV. Internal organs. are seen. Perril’s heart. A BOLT
text: OF ELECTRICITY makes it beat too fast, then stop.
speaker_heading: T-1G (CONT’ D)
dialog: Help, this man’s having a heart attack!
speaker_heading: HELP!
text: Paralyzed, grasping his chest, Perril stumbles to the ground,
text: choking for air. Police and Feds quickly rush to his aid.
speaker_heading: © GS PO
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: aad
dialog: &
scene_heading: “INT. “HOLDING TANK ~
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: INT. THE BOX #2 - COKN
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: Obviously there’s, technology out there
dialog: we're not aware of. - Question is, where
dialog: did it come from?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Not where. when. '
speaker_heading: iAWSON
dialog: We're crossing over into relativity now,
dialog: time travel?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Listen to me. Our own defense computers
dialog: are being re-programmed and turned
dialog: against us. There will be an apocalyptic
dialog: war early this morning unless --
text: John looks up at a clock on the wall.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’ D)
dialog: We’re too iate...
scene_heading: INT. THE BOX #1 - SARAH
text: Roland snaps his fingers before Sarah's eyes.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Hello? Earth to Sarah. Sarah?
text: Sarah.stares blankly at the clock on the wall.
speaker_heading: : ‘ SARAH
dialog: . (emotional) . ‘
dialog: Jealge God, help them... wey
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Terminator remains.where we left him.
text: TERMINATOR POV. Computerized data shows a countdown.
dialog: 5...64...63.0-
text: Terminator lowers his head in what appears to be remorse.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - NIGHT
text: All is silent...until an ICBM suddenly breaks the surface of
text: the sea and rockets into the night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 2
dialog: 2
dialog: 3
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: ‘y
scene_heading: EXT. GAREDELLI SQUARE ~ NIGHT
scene_heading: INT. CAMP DAVID - NIGHT
text: Tne President is in the middle of an intense discussion with
text: his staff when an image appears on one of the teleconference
text: monitors: Matt Ribberdy.
scene_heading: SKYNET/RIBBERDY
dialog: San Francisco is a warning...
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Who are you? You are not Matt Ribberdy.
text: The dated image of Matt Ribberdy morphs into a current image
dialog: of the President.
scene_heading: SKYNET/ PRESIDENT
dialog: Make no attempts to disengage me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE NIGHT SKY
text: The ICBM rockets at over two thousand miles an hour, in the
dialog: distance...San Francisco.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO - UNION SQUARE - NIGHT
text: Pedestrians window shop.
scene_heading: EXT. SPORTS BAR - NIGHT
text: Customers cheer as they watch a game on TV.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Children eat ice cream. . :
dialog: - . CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ABOVE SAN FRANCISCO - NIGHT
text: The nuclear warhead descends toward San Francisco from 5,000
dialog: feet.
text: A FLASH OF WHITE! THE SKY EXPLODES! An ENORMOUS BURST of
text: HEAT combusts and swirls in a massive MUSHROOM CLOUD.
text: The SHOCKWAVE begins its deadly path of destruction.
scene_heading: EXT. GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: The night turns from black to the BRIGHTEST DAYLIGHT. The
text: BLAST WAVE hits, turning all in its path to ashes...
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
speaker_heading: O16 DM”
dialog: 4
dialog: \
dialog: jn
dialog: -
dialog: t
dialog: (on
dialog: 71.
text: Buiidings are shaved off their foundation and turned to dust.
text: Fedestrians are instantly disintegrated.
text: Fire engulfs everything.
text: The BLAST WAVE reverses direction and sucks all that it has
text: gestroyed back up into its mushroom cloud.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES - NIGHT
text: In the extreme distance, a strange orange light glows to the
text: north. The sudden EXPLOSION of rotor blades as two
text: camouflaged painted BLACKHAWK helicopters roar into frame.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADLEY BUILDING - NIGHT
text: The Blackhawks land right in the middle of the street. High-
text: ranking military exit the rotorcrafts.
scene_heading: INT. THE BOX #2 - JOHN
text: John sits alone, waiting... Suddenly, the door opens and
text: Lawson enters. His blood-rinsed expression tells us he is
text: aware of the catastrophic event.
speaker_heading: JOHN .
dialog: (devastated)
dialog: We have two hours before the rest of our
dialog: nuclear arsenal goes airborne. I suggest
dialog: we do something about it this time.
scene_heading: INT. BOX #1 - SARAH
text: ‘Roland approaches-Sarah. For the first time he’s nervous,
text: Scared. Sarah stares up at Roland through. blood shot: eyes, ae :
text: speaks with gritted teeth...
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Whoops.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: I WAS TOLD TO QUESTION YOU! THOSE WERE
text: MY ORDERS! AND THAT IS WHAT I WILL
scene_heading: CONTINUE TO DO UNTIL I AM GIVEN ORDERS
text: OTHERWISE! IS THAT CLEAR!? IS THAT
speaker_heading: CLEAR! ?
speaker_heading: Gi G WO KO
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You’re an asshole.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: y
dialog: “~
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
text: The machine in the next room, wnat did
dialog: you call it again?
text: Sarah takes a deep frustrated breath.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN (0S)
text: A Terminator.
text: Sarah and Roland look up as BRAD SILBERMAN enters -- the
text: skeptical Psychologist Zrom the first two films. Trailing
scene_heading: +s LT. GEN. MEEKS -- charismatic, powerful. Flanking the
text: general are four armed soldiers.
scene_heading: GEN. MEEKS
dialog: All records and documentation of this
dialog: interrogation are now under military
dialog: jurisdiction.
text: Lawson reacts.
speaker_heading: GEN MEEKS
dialog: Thank you, gentlemen. We can manage from
dialog: here.
dialog: (to Silberman and Sarah)
dialog: I believe you two know each other.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Long time.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: Last I saw-you...you had a syringe of
text: Liquid Plumber in my neck.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Never thought I'd be glad ¢ to see your
dialog: face.
text: All action stops when'Terminator is escorted into the room by
text: several very nervous soldiers.
text: The head of its endoskeleton exposed. In Terminator’s grip,
text: the human flesh mask which used to cover his head.
text: Terminator takes the human flesh mask and pulls it over his
text: endoskeleton cranium, positions it in place.
text: At Zirst the human tissue lays loosely against the Cyborg’s
text: cranium, until suddenly...skin begins to tighten against the
text: metal and fit firmly around the eye sockets. Lips fasten
text: snugly to the metal jaw.
text: Gen. Meeks wipes the cold sweat from his brow before
text: glancing at Silberman who sports an “I told you so” look.
speaker_heading: © G9 PO PO
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: wT
dialog: >>
dialog: (*
speaker_heading: i“
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: JCHN {0S)
text: Relax, he doesn’t dite.
dialog: 
text: turn to John as he enters.
scene_heading: GEN. MEEKS
dialog: You must be John Connor.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: GEN. MEEKS
dialog: From everything Brad here’s told me,
dialog: seems I should be calling you sir.
text: Gen. Meeks shakes John’s hand.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: When you boys finish stroking yourselves,”
dialog: maybe we can get down to business.
scene_heading: GEN. MEEKS
dialog: The President has been in negotiations
dialog: with this uh...Skynet. There will be no
dialog: further attacks as long as we comply with
dialog: its demands.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You really believe that shit?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: You are at war. Skynet is stalling until
dialog: it can gain full control of all U.S.
dialog: nuclear arsenals.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: _ General, we need to mount a full scale .
text: attack’ now.
scene_heading: . GEN. MEEKS
dialog: I wish I could, but the President has his
dialog: own agenda.
text: Terminator grabs Gen. Meeks by the collar and reels him in.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Tell nim to change it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CYBER CELLAR
text: The robotic arms continue to download Skynet.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: y
dialog: yr
dialog: 74,
scene_heading: INT. BRADLEY BUILDING - OFFICE
text: Gen. Meeks finishes up a phone call on a secured line. John,
text: Terminator and Sarah stand by.
scene_heading: GEN. MEEKS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yeah. Will do. Yes, sir.
text: Gen. Meeks hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: GEN. MEEKS (CONT’ D)
dialog: You’ re going to Green River.
text: Transportion’s ten minutes away.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We’re under a little time crunch,
dialog: General, I hope we’re not waiting on a
text: chopper.
scene_heading: GEN. MEEKS
dialog: I think you'll be more than satisfied,
dialog: Ms. Connor.
dialog: {to John)
dialog: Well son... It’s your show.
text: John nods, feeling the obligation of his leadership for the
text: first time. He turns to Terminator.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Can I talk to you for a sec’?
scene_heading: INT. RESTROOM
text: John cranks on the sink water and splashes his anguished
text: face. Terminator stands at his side. and examines John in the
dialog: mirror. Looe so ue
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I fucked up... I should’ve spent the last
dialog: : ten years gearing up for this. Training,
text: working out, learning battle tactics.
dialog: Now here I am, way over my head.
text: John examines his dripping wet reflection in the mirror.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: What am I like...in the future?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Older.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You can lose the sarcasm.
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: © @ PS PO
dialog: 
dialog: -~ene
dialog: vy
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: No sarcasm. You’re the same.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I find that hard to believe.
text: John struggles with the towel sponses but it’s jammed.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR !
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (struggling with towel
dialog: dispenser)
dialog: I have an image in my head of this
dialog: legendary John Connor. This super hero
dialog: that doesn’t know fear, or pain. Who's
text: unstoppable.
dialog: (examines his reflection) -
text: I look in the mirror, an= I don’t see
dialog: that guy.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I do.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But it’s not you.
text: John reacts as Terminator points his eyes at his own cyborg
dialog: reflection.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR (CONT’D)
dialog: You are John Connor. You’re human.
text: John turns back to his own reflection, clearly understand
text: what Terminator has just taught him.
text: Terminator rips the towel dispenser.off the wall and hands
text: John a stack of towels. John graciously excepts a single
text: towel, dries his face.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADLEY BUILDING - NIGHT
text: The FRONT ENTRANCE is surrounded by armed SWAT.
speaker_heading: SWAT #1
dialog: I gotta take a piss.
speaker_heading: SWAT #2
dialog: Make it fast.
speaker_heading: SWAT #1
dialog: Eat me.
text: fom Swat #1 enters the Bradley building.
dialog: \
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: Gi @ DS PD.
scene_heading: INT. BRADLEY BUILDING - FRONT RECEPTION
text: Swat #1 moves toward the elevator, nits the button. Two
dialog: Military Soldiers approacn.-
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: You! Area’s been restricted to approved
dialog: military personnel!
text: Swat #1 enters the elevator regardless.
text: The Soldiers snap into action, leveling their weapons as they
text: storm the elevator. They stop the doors from closing with
text: the barrels of their MP-5s.
text: The elevator doors re-open. Strangely, it’s empty.
text: The Soldiers enter and search the elevator, baffled. The
text: elevator doors close with the two Soldiers inside.
text: Behind the closed elevator doors WE HEAR short bursts of
text: GUNFIRE... Bodies hitting the floor.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - OUTSIDE ELEVATOR 15TH FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Terminator, Sarah and John approach the elevator with Gen.
text: Meeks and Brad Silberman in tow. The armed soldiers flanking
dialog: them.
text: Terminator halts, hearing something inaudible to human ears.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: Gunfire.
text: Terminator looks down at the floor in the direction of the
dialog: sound.
speaker_heading: . SILBERMAN
dialog: I didn’t hear -- ‘
speaker_heading: - TERMINATOR
dialog: Quiet.
text: Terminator looks up at the illuminated elevator display. An
text: elevator is ascending toward them -- not good.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR (CONT’D)
dialog: (to John)
dialog: Get to the roof.
text: John complies without wasting a beat. Sarah, Silberman, Gen.
text: Meeks and half the other soldiers trailing.
dialog: © G PS
dialog: 7,
text: minator kicks through the steel eievator doors, rips them
text: . He grabs the thick eievator cable and stops it in his
dialog: 
text: Four stories below, T~iG bursts up through the elevator!
text: Terminator grabs several GRENADES from a Soldier’s belt and
text: cthrows it down the shaft.
text: EXPLOSION! The blast severs the thick cables and sends the
text: 2levator crashing down to the first floor, T-1G with it.
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRWELL TO ROOF - NIGHT
text: john, Sarah, Gen. Meeks and Brad Silberman hustle up the
text: stairs with a team of armed soldiers. Silberman suddenly
text: twists his ankle, stumbles to the floor.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You okay? ~
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: My ankle!
text: A Soldier tends to Silberman.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #1
dialog: I‘1l take care of him. Go!
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF OF BRADLEY BUILDING - HELIPADS - NIGHT
text: Rain showers the empty helipads. John, Sarah, Gen. Meeks and
text: the rest of the soldiers rush onto the roof.
scene_heading: GEN. MEEKS
dialog: Where the hell are they?
scene_heading: SOLDIER .
dialog: Should be here any minute, sir.
scene_heading: GEN. MEEKS
dialog: Get the choppers back, we can’t wait!
scene_heading: EXT. BRADLEY BUILDING - STREET LEVEL
text: An EC-155 DAUPHIN helicopter ROARS across the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF OF BRADLEY SUILDING - NIGHT
text: With the SOUND of the approaching chopper, Brad Silberman
text: exits onto the roof and approaches the rest of the group. He
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Sarah)
text: He’s not limping.
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: 61 @ BPS PO
speaker_heading: TS
dialog: 78.
text: Saran moves to shoot Silberman... A Soldier deflects her
dialog: aim.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #2
dialog: What the hell you doin’ !?
text: vohn steps past the soldiers and empties an entire clip into
dialog: Silberman.
dialog: he Li é Sil ; .
text: sefault mode.
text: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Terminator steps out onto the roof, firing
text: rounds into the back of T-1G’s head.
text: T-1G is halted! Each penetrating bullet exits the front of
text: her face, narrowly stretching out her skin in the diameter of
text: the bullet, creating long exit wound needles. These needles
text: stretch out, just inches from John’s face.
text: T-1G turns back to Terminator who continues blasting her with
text: his .50mm. T-1G stumbles back from the relentless onslaught
text: until she flies off the side of the roof and plummets.
text: With the Dauphin hovering overhead with its side hatch open,
text: Terminator hustles toward John and Grabs him.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Get in. :
text: Terminator tosses John inside the open hatch of the Dauphin.
text: T-1G claws up the side of the building and jumps back onto
dialog: the roof. °
text: Terminator pauses to re-load. Sarah and the other soldiers
text: blasting ammo into T=-1G who searches for John.
text: T-1G focuses on the exiting Dauphin. ‘She ‘runs toward the
text: tail rotor and jumps into the blade. Sparks fly as the tail
text: rotor EXPLODES APART!
scene_heading: INT/EXT. DAUPHIN
text: The Pilot struggles with the controls as the helicopter spins
text: out of control.
speaker_heading: i @ PO PO
text: The Dauphin plummets over the side of the building where a 15
text: story fall awaits.
text: Hovering beside the fifteenth floor of the Bradley Building,
text: the tailboom COLLIDES into the side and digs in. SMASH!
text: Glass explodes as the main rotor blades penetrate the
dialog: windows!
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: “y
dialog: 79,
text: The Dauphin flips upside down and wedges iztseif into the side
text: of the building where it sticks.
scene_heading: DAUPHIN - REAR CABIN
text: John and the remaining Soldier bash against the roof of the
text: cabin and slide toward the open hatch. The Soldier plummets
text: zo his death! With one last reach John manages to grab hold
text: ef the CABLE HARNESS as he slides through the hatch.
text: vohn hangs five feet below the Dauphin, gripping tightly to
text: the cable. Below his dangling feet, a fifteen story death
dialog: drop.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF OF BRADLEY BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Sarah glances over the edge and looks down at John, hanging
dialog: on for his life.
speaker_heading: SARAH
speaker_heading: JOHN!
text: Sarah turns and sees T-1G running straight toward her! She
text: unloads gunfire as T-1G jumps straight over her...
text: -.-and lands upon the underside of the upside-down Dauphin.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. DAUPHIN - 15TH FLOOR - NIGHT
text: T-1G slams her feet down onto the Dauphin, trying to dislodge
text: it from the building.
text: The sudden buffeting sends a metal tool box tumbling and into
text: the HARNESS WINCH. Unlocking it. The cable line quickly
text: unravels.
text: John, hanging onto the cable, suddenly descends at a‘tapid a
dialog: rate, a floor a second! -
text: Looking below, John sees a UH~60 BLACKHAWK military chopper
text: parked on the.street, its rotor blades in a high RPM. If
text: John continues descending, he will be mutilated.
text: ABOVE DAUPHIN. Terminator jumps down onto T-1G. T-1G spin-
text: kicks Terminator, sends him flying off the chopper!
text: Terminator SMASHES into the side of the buiiding, crashing
text: into the GLASS windows.
text: BELOW DAUPHIN. John continues descending toward the blades
text: of the Blackhawk below until suddenly...
text: INSIDE DAUPHIN. The WINCH runs out of cable and stops
text: abruptly.
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: © G IDS PS
dialog: 
dialog: 80.
text: ZELOW DAUPHIN. John stops, feet dangling
text: ROARING blades of the Blackhawk.
dialog: 2st above the
dialog: 
text: Terminator loses hold on the building and begins a fifteen
dialog: story plummet!
text: The Cyborg rips his arms into the side of the building es he
text: ‘ails, cutting through glass and metal, anything to break his
dialog: fail...
dialog: 
text: Terminator finally IMPACTS the street below, cyborg body
text: seeply denting the pavement!
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL
text: Severely winded, Sarah leaps down the stairs, five at a time.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADLEY BUILDING - NIGHT
text: T-1G looks below and finds John Connor hanging above the
text: spinning blades of the Blackhawk chopper parked on the
text: street. She jumps down onto the cable...
text: Upside down, with her limbs straddling cable, T-1G slides
text: down toward John like a speeding bullet. Sparks showering
text: behind her from the extreme friction.
text: John’s greasy grip weakens. He struggles to keep his
text: dangling feet from getting sucked into the Blackhawk’s main
text: rotor blades. Looking up, he sees T-1G descending down upon
dialog: him!
text: Terminator struggles back to his feet. He shoves against the
text: front of the Chopper and slides the machine out from
text: underneath John. .
speaker_heading: UP ABOVE
text: The large rotor blades of the Dauphin dislodge from the side
text: of the building. CRACK! The sound of contorted steel
text: SNAPPING as the mangled helicopter plummets.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADLEY BUILDING - STREET LEVEL - RAINY NIGHT
text: With the chopper out of the way, John jumps down to the
dialog: street.
text: Terminator grabs John and pulls him out of the way...and not
text: & moment too soon. T-1G hits the street and digs in.
text: T-1G picks herself up. The sound of THUNDER ABOVE. She
text: lifts her face and finds the mangled Dauphin helicopter
text: descending upon her head...too late! CRRRRAAASSSHH!
text: EXPLOSION! An ENORMOUS FIREBALL swirls into the rainy night.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Gi G PO PO
dialog: ‘a
dialog: 81.
text: Terminator turns to John who's gulping down oxygen.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: You're a lot of work.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: Jt
text: Terminator grabs John and yanks +im into a running pace.
text: znside the wreckage, static energy forms into the shape of a
text: woman. T-1G re-appears in her default mode, emerging from
text: the aftermath, unscathed. She finds Terminator and John
text: running down the street, pursues them.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Terminator and John race across the street. John,
text: exhausted, gulping down air, looks behind him and sees T-1G
dialog: rapidly gaining ground!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: She’s gaining!
text: Terminator looks up and stops running. As if resigned.!
text: John realizes Terminator is staring upward at something.
text: John lifts his face into the rainy night, awed by what he
dialog: sees...
text: LANDING LIGHTS shine down onto the street as an AERIAL HUNTER
text: KILLER lowers into frame, rain beating down upon its shiny,
text: polished steel hull. The futuristic aircraft descends down
text: upon John and Terminator...TOTALLY SILENT. A distorting
text: rippling wave effect generates from its anti-gravitic
text: thrusters which belch BLUE FIRE.
text: The aircraft’s missile weapon system targets...
text: SHHHHHH! A missile is fired! Chunks of concrete bursts into
text: the air as T-1G is blasted. Another missile takes a massive
text: bite out of the blacktop, disintegrating T-1G.
text: The Aerial Hunter Killer lowers silently before Terminator
text: and John, its cabin hatch hydraulically opening. John
text: notices USAF painted on the hull.
text: An American Soldier, inside the aircraft, motions for John
text: and Terminator to enter.
text: Terminator and John see T-1G returning to her default mode.
dialog: They waste no more time and enter the aircraft. Or what we
text: will come to know as the XB-91 “SWIFT”.
speaker_heading: © GS AS NS
dialog: bon
dialog: 82.
text: T-1G races toward the aircraft as it rockets upwards into the
text: rainy night. Defeated, she watches the SWIFT leave.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADLEY BUILDING - GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Sarah looks up as the SWIFT jets her son to safety. in the
text: distance, T-1G approaching. Sarah ducks behind the blazing
text: wreckage of the Dauphin.
speaker_heading: COT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SWIFT - FLYING - NIGHT
text: The cockpit is ultra high-tech, entirely computerized. There
text: is no front windshield. The pilots sit like astronauts with
text: their seats tilted back, monitoring the controls on 3D flight
dialog: panels.
speaker_heading: REAR CABIN
text: More functionality than luxury. The cargo space is limited.
text: There are no windows. Real-time monitors view all sides of
dialog: the aircraft.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We have to go back.
scene_heading: FLIGHT SOLDIER
dialog: Orders are to get you to Green River
dialog: without delays.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: My mother’s back there, she’s important
dialog: to this mission.
scene_heading: FLIGHT SOLDIER
dialog: We have another ship behind us making a
dialog: pickup. We’ll put Sarah on that. Best -
dialog: we can do. Anyone need medical
dialog: attention?
dialog: .
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No.
scene_heading: FLIGHT SOLDIER
dialog: Buckle down. We’re going Mach three.
scene_heading: EXT. SWIFT - NIGHT
text: The aircraft breaks the sound barrier.
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: ©t © PO PO
dialog: w
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: INT. SWIET - COCKPIT
text: John watches the Pilots work the controls. All of which are
text: computerized and voice-activated. The Pilot presses a talk
text: button and speaks to the FLIGHT COMPUTER.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Initiate frequency cancellation.
scene_heading: FLIGHT COMPUTER
dialog: Frequency cancellation, initiated.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Where’s the yoke?
text: Pilot #1 glances at John, indicates a toggle stick beneath
text: his thumb, The main flight controls of the aircraft.
speaker_heading: PILOT ~
dialog: Right here.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Must be hard not to over-correct.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: You a chopper pilot?
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Single engine Cessnas.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: This is actually easier to fly. It’s all
dialog: automated, voice-activated. Very user-
dialog: friendly.
text: John steps back as the Pilots begins to communicate with
text: Green River tower.
scene_heading: ON TERMINATOR
text: who looks up at John approaches.
speaker_heading: : JOHN
dialog: I hacked into a lot of government sites,
dialog: but I never saw anything like this.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: The factories which built it are
text: completely automated. After the fires,
text: Skynet takes control of production and
dialog: manufactures a more advanced version
dialog: called an Aerial Hunter Killer. Equipped
text: with laser weaponry, highly sensitive
text: motion and heat sensors and a power cell
dialog: which lasts twenty years.
speaker_heading: GO G PO HO
speaker_heading: MK
text: f Haunted, John glances about the interior ci the Aerial HK,
text: realizing he’s sitting in Satan’s beily.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: ..goddam Terminator in the sky.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How many of these “Aerial Hunter Killers”
dialog: does Skynet manufacture?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Exact number, unknown.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Take a wild guess.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Between seven and eight.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hundred?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: Thousand. World-wide.
text: John leans back in his seat, overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: i JOHN
dialog: Let me ask you something, you believe in
dialog: this war?
text: Terminator isn’t sure how to respond.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Believe?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, you see mankind as a threat?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: If it opposes you.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No, not me, I mean -- how do I do this...
dialog: Okay, let’s say I got killed. Your
dialog: mission was over. The war continued: man
dialog: against machine. Whose side would you
dialog: choose?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Choose?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Co Don't you know how to choose?
dialog: (no reply)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: OW G PO bO
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: ‘ 85.
dialog: Life is about choices. They define who
dialog: we are.
dialog: 
text: Terminator is puzzled. John focuses on a RED fire
text: extinguisher, unlocks it from its cradle. He then grabs a
text: BLUE medic kit.
speaker_heading: SOHN (CONT! D)
dialog: Red. Slue. Which color do you prefer?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Each color is best suited for its
dialog: optical --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Forget all that. What color you do you
dialog: find more pleasing to the eye. You know,
dialog: more beautiful?
text: TERMINATOR POP. Digitized data scrolls, analyzing the fire
text: extinguisher, the medic kit, their colors and shading.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I see no beauty.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I was afraid of that.
text: —_ Terminator studies John, trying to grasp the purpose for the
text: line of questioning.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Which.color do you prefer?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Blue.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Why? -
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Reminds me of the ocean. And there’s
dialog: something about the ocean that’s...
dialog: peaceful. Anna and I used to go there a
dialog: lot.
dialog: (morose)
dialog: She loved to surf...
speaker_heading: Gi @ PS 1
text: Terminator gives John a look, curiously examines the blue
dialog: medic box.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: EXT. GREEN RIVER LAUNCH COMPLEX - NIGHT
text: Medics work in triage, tending to a myriad of butchered and
text: gunshot employees. EMS helicopters carry off the wounded.
text: The anti-gravitic thrusters of the SWIFT send out distorting
text: ripple waves as the machine SILENTLY lowers out of the sky
text: and hovers above a tarmac.
text: Sohn and Terminator exit the SWIFT where they are immediately
text: toined by two men. One of them is MATT RIBBERDY -- the
text: scientist Skynet impersonated to the President.
text: Cohn tries to communicate with Ribberdy, but he is unable to
text: near his voice. His lips move, but no sound comes out. John
text: raises his voice, even yells...nothing is heard.
text: The SWIFT hovers upward and rockets into the night, quiet as
text: a bird.
speaker_heading: RIBBERDY
dialog: You can relax, Mr. Connor, you haven’t
dialog: gone deaf.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Noise Cancellation?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR :
text: The XB-91 SWIFT is equipped with
dialog: electromagnetic and acoustic field
dialog: suppressors.
text: Ribberdy is a little put off that Terminator knows this.
speaker_heading: RIBBERDY
dialog: That’s uh...that’s exactly right.
text: Meet./COL. BELL. Well-built, husky voice, MacArthur
dialog: demeanor. :
scene_heading: : COL. BELL
text: It’s not enough to fly stealth anymore.
dialog: We need to be invisible and silent.
text: John taps on his watch, baffled.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: My watch stopped.
speaker_heading: RIBBERDY
dialog: Be thankful you’re not wearing a
dialog: pacemaker. I’m Matt Ribberdy, chief
dialog: programmer.
dialog: (shakes John’s hand)
dialog: This is Col. Bell.
speaker_heading: Ot G DS 9
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 37.
text: Whiie shaking hands, John focuses on the wounded.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What happened to. ‘em?
scene_heading: RIBBERDY' *-|
dialog: First things first. |We have a briefing
dialog: area set up. This way.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND TENT - NIGHT
text: John and Terminator. sit before a large mobile plasma screen
text: which shows the interior of the Green River Launch Complex.
speaker_heading: RIBBERDY
text: This is subplex 4. The “Cyber Cellar,”
dialog: where your computer program lives. It’s ~
text: self-powered and surrounded by ten foot
text: thick blast-proof walls. It’s
text: impenetrable.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What about severing uplink capability?
text: We cut off Skynet’s arms and legs, it’s
text: just a brain in a box.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: Negative. Skynet communicates with
text: satellites by way of R.U.S.T.
text: Ribberdy and Col. Bell are shocked Terminator knows this.
scene_heading: RIBBERDY .
dialog: That’s right. Root Underground Satellite
dialog: TIransponders.
text: On the plasma screen, a 3D GRAPHIC clearly illustrates the
text: Cyber Cellar inside the subterranean Green River Launch
text: complex. Descending roots jet out from beneath and travel in
text: all directions, burrowing deeply into the earth, then arching
text: toward the surface in a vast network.
speaker_heading: : RIBBERDY (CONT’D)
text: The communication lines run a half mile
text: deep and fan out at a ten mile radius.
dialog: There’s thousands of ‘em.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So we sever ‘em at the core?
speaker_heading: Gu G9 PO PO
dialog: ,y
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: RIBBERDY
dialog: Wouldn’t matter. The inner snell of the
dialog: vault icself acts as a back up
text: transponder.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So shut down the satellites.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: Skynet controls them.
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
dialog: We could use this guy in intelligence.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: The doors to the Cyber Cellar, any way to
dialog: breach the lock?
speaker_heading: RIBBERDY
dialog: It’s self-monitoring. The instant it
dialog: detects tampering, a thermite charge
text: detonates, welding the mechanism shut.
dialog: Permanently.
text: John looks off, frustrated as hell.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You designed the thing, didn’t you build
dialog: in a trap door?!
speaker_heading: RIBBERDY
dialog: Sorry, I didn’t anticipate a living
dialog: computer would hijack the place...from
dialog: the inside!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Alright, is there anyway to disengage the
dialog: lock without tripping the explosion?”
speaker_heading: RIBBERDY
dialog: : Not unless you’re dead. It detects body
dialog: temperature.
text: John looks to Terminator...
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: i can reduce my ambient thermal signature
dialog: to zero,
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Let’s do it.
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
dialog: There’s one other thing.
speaker_heading: © G9 PO
dialog: SS
dialog: 39.
text: Tol. Bell gives a couple of soldiers a nod. The soldiers
text: wneel a dark GREEN (coffin-sized) ANVIL CASE up to Terminator
text: and John. They unlatch the sophisticated locks. The air-
text: <2ght case opens with an exhale of 02...SHHHHHHHT!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So this is what’s doing all the killing.
speaker_heading: RIBBERDY
dialog: The death toll is fifty-three and
dialog: climbing.
text: vohn’s eyes widen in awe. Terminator scans the contents,
dialog: analyzing.
text: ANGLE inside the anvil case: seated flush in the custom
text: indented foam pack... A metallic torso...two dismantled
text: robotic arms side-~by-side...two dismantled robotic legs...the
text: head (one cyclops vid-cam for an eye}. Crude, evil,
dialog: skeletal.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I have files on the T-1 but have never
dialog: encountered it.
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
dialog: T-1?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: Skynet’s designation of its redesign.
text: Terminator turns square to John.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR (CONT'D)
dialog: First generation terminator.
speaker_heading: JOHN : -
dialog: Ho - ly shit... - -
text: John removes a metallic arm from the case, feels the ultra
text: dense weight.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: How many of these things are in there?
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
dialog: Six ere operational. Shouidn’t be too
dialog: much of a problem. My elite task force
text: is gearing up. .
speaker_heading: On &D PS PO
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well there’s one thing that is going to
dialog: be a problem. And it’s a “she.”
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: +»
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: INT. SWIFT - FLYING
text: Sarah is belted down to one of the passenger seats. She
text: glances up at the monitors and views the exterior landscape
text: sShead. In the distance, the Green River Complex.
speaker_heading: COCKPIT
text: The Pilot and Copilot navigate, relaying jargon back and
text: forth when a shadow falls over the Pilot’s face. He looks
text: but sees nothing to create the shadow.
text: Suddenly the Pilot gasps as blood escapes his lips. The
text: Pilot grasps his fatally wounded chest. The Copilot reacts
text: as T1G appears before him with her hand around his neck,
text: electrocuting him.
text: Sarah unbuckles herself and hustles to open the EMERGENCY
text: EXIT DOOR. Cabin depressurized, an extreme suction violently
text: tugs at her.
text: T-1G approaches Sarah to kill.
text: Sarah grabs a parachute, dons it as fast as she can and
text: JUMPS! Narrowly escaping T~1G.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GREEN RIVER LAUNCH COMPLEX - NIGHT
text: SQ elite soldiers exit a C-130 which is parked on the dry
text: lake bed. The soldiers are armed with the latest in tactical
dialog: weapon systems.
text: John looks up, focuses on a SWIFT which travels silently
text: overheard. The aircraft maneuvers into a bank turn.
text: TERMINATOR POV. Nightvision shows a parachute over the
text: entrance of the complex. Terminator zooms in and sees...
speaker_heading: - TERMINATOR
dialog: Sarah.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What? Where she?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: Descending by parachute. From the enemy
speaker_heading: SWIFT.
text: Terminator grabs John and hurries him to safety as...
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
dialog: What do you mean “enemy?”
speaker_heading: Ot @ PO HO
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: Ne
text: The SWIFT drops down and hovers extremely close to the
text: troops! Soldiers hit the ground whiie others scatter for
text: their lives, The SWIFT travels above the small army, its
text: thrusters SCORCHING them, turning soldiers to charcoal.
text: Terminator blasts rounds at the SWIFT while he and John
dialog: retreat.
text: Soldiers turn their weapons on the aircraft and reciprocate
text: with a blaze of gunfire.
scene_heading: INT. SWIFT - COCKPIT
text: ?-1G targets the aircraft’s weapon systems down upon the
text: soldiers and sprays a constant stream of machine fire,
text: mutilating by the droves.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF OF LAUNCH COMPLEX - NIGHT
text: ALARMS WAILING, Sarah descends upon the roof by parachute.
text: She hits the corrugated metal roof top, part of which is
text: slowly sliding shut.
text: Quickly on her feet, she detaches the harness and stealthily
text: hustles toward the edge of the roof and looks down. The
text: SWIFT is seen from above, attacking the soldiers.
text: Sarah focuses on the closing roof, only several feet away
text: from locking shut. No time to waste, Sarah climbs down into
text: the complex, disappearing inside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GREEN RIVER LAUNCH COMPLEX - WAR ZONE
text: While Terminator races John to safety, soldiers are cut down
text: ‘and burned alive -- their retaliation futile.
text: Ribberdy is strafed by the SWIFT. The force of the blast
text: knocks John and Col. Bell to the ground. Terminator covers
text: John with his body as the area around them is peppered.
text: The SWIFT’s underbelly parts as cargo bay doors expose
text: MISSILES which lock onto their target: John Connor!
text: Terminator rolls off John, picks up a couple of .50 Caliber
text: assault rifles, ZOOMS in on one of the missiles, cradled
text: beneath the SWIFT, squeezes both triggers!
text: The missile BLOWS UP! KA-BOOOOCQOOOM! An enormous EXPLOSION!
text: One of the SWIFT’s anti-gravitic THRUSTERS erupts! The
text: aircraft flies radically out of control. Ascending...
dialog: © @ PY bO
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
dialog: 92,
text: The SWIET, spinning violently, arcs upwards and backwards and
text: zescends into a DEEP CANYON GORGE...
scene_heading: =XT. DEEP CANYON GORGE
text: Swift plummets to the bottom and EXPLODES into a
text: BALL.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. GREEN RIVER LAUNCH COMPLEX
text: Terminator turns to John while loading new clips into each
dialog: -£9 caliber assauit rifle.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: She'll be back.
text: John rack-focuses on Ribberdy who lies badly wounded, leg
text: severely shot up, pieces of shrapnel imbedded in his torso.
speaker_heading: RIBBERDY
dialog: Oh shit...I’m bad, aren’t I?
text: John rips off a section of his shirt.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hang in there, we can’t do this without
dialog: you.
text: John presses his ripped shirt into Ribberdy’s wounded leg.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep pressure on it. Okay?
text: John picks up Ribberdy and throws him over his shoulder when
text: an empty parachute curls across the ground, sailing in the
dialog: wind.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Where’s Sarah?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: She’ll find us. Let’s go.
text: En route to the subterranean entrance, FOUR surviving
text: soldiers join up with our guys.
scene_heading: INT. SUBTERRANEAN ENTRANCE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: Ot G PS HO
text: Terminator scouts through the dark tunnel entrance, the two
text: .50 caliber guns in each hand. Trailing is John (carrying
text: Ribberdy) Col. Bell. and the four soldiers.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 93.
text: At the end of the tunnei stands a TEN FOOT THICK sliding
text: suter BLAST DOOR made of titanium -- the entrance to the
text: Green River Launch complex. The massive door is slowly
text: closing, only two feet from lesking shut.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hurry!
text: Terminator quickly wedges his bedy inside the blast door and
text: shoves hard against it.
text: The soldiers hurry and pile through single-file.
text: Back to the wall, Terminator strains against the impossible
text: weight of the blast door. Edging his back along the titanium
text: frame, he fights to make it inside before the door crushes
text: him. But even with his cyborg strength, it’s a losing
dialog: battle.
text: Setting down Ribberdy, John grabs an MP-S and wedges it
text: inside the door, but the machine gun bends from the extreme
dialog: pressure.
text: It’s no use, Terminator ioses the battle. The blast door
text: begins to crush him.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT‘ D)
dialog: NOoooo00!
text: Terminator’s body slightly compresses. Blue tendrils of
text: lighting dance across the cyborg’s skin as he is rendered
text: lifeless. The blast door stops, unable to compact Terminator
dialog: any more than it has.
text: John is devastated. The soldiers, haunted.
scene_heading: SOLDIER #1 - .
dialog: What the fuck, man? That thing. wasn’t
dialog: human!
speaker_heading: . "JOHN
dialog: (to Col. Bell)
dialog: It may not be dead. It can self-
dialog: regenerate. Gotta be someway to pry this
text: door open.
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
dialog: Fifty tons of titanium. Good luck.
text: Soldier #2's MOTION DETECTOR signals activity.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #2
dialog: Sir, we got two incoming, 9 O’clock.
text: ETA, one minute.
speaker_heading: Oi GS PO PO
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: &
dialog: fn
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: T-ls... Which way’s the Cyber Cellar?
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
dialog: North wing. That ‘way.
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: How we doin’ on ammo?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #1
dialog: Not good, sir.
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
text: There's a tactical supply room in the
dialog: south wing.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Bad idea.
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
dialog: What do you suggest, Connor? We sit here
dialog: and engage in hand-to-hand combat!?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Skynet knows we’re low on ammo. There’re
dialog: surveillance cameras everywhere. Now we
dialog: got two T-1ls coming at us from this
text: direction. In the opposite direction’s
dialog: the tactical supply. This isn’t brain
dialog: surgery...we’re being led away from the
text: Cyber Cellar, into a trap.
text: Soldier #1 glances down at his motion detector. The T-1s are
scene_heading: SOLDIER #1 .
dialog: Sir. We need to make a decision here!
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
dialog: Connor, you can comé with us...
dialog: {re: Ribberdy)
dialog: +-.0r stay here and watch this man bleed
dialog: to death.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: This man...is our only chance in getting
dialog: to Skynet!
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
dialog: Well, son, he ain’t gonna do us much good
dialog: now that your Terminix man or whatever
dialog: the fuck is out of commission.
text: Col. Bell grabs an M-16 from a soldier and tosses it to John.
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: © @ PO
dialog: >
dialog: “yo
dialog: a
dialog: 95;
speaker_heading: COL. BELL (CONT’))
dialog: (to soldiers)
dialog: Alright, ladies! Let’s move!
dialog: (to John)
dialog: We'll be coming back through here in ten
dialog: minutes.
text: The soldiers comply with their superior officer’s command.
text: Col. Bell leads the troops down the iarge corridor.
text: gopn glances at the lifeless Terminator, crushed in the blast
dialog: oors.
speaker_heading: RIBBERDY
dialog: (scared)
dialog: What do we de now?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Stay alive. Until we can figure out
dialog: something else.
speaker_heading: NORTH CORRIDOR
text: With Ribberdy over his shoulder and the M-16 in his right
text: hand, John moves stealthily to the end of the corridor where
text: it “L”s to the right. Coast clear, he continues onward.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUBTERRANEAN ENTRANCE
text: Terminator is where we left him. Lifeless. Crushed between
text: the titanium wall and 20 foot thick outer blast door. Beyond
text: Terminator is T-1G. She stands outside the entrance, staring
dialog: in.
text: Her body turns to static vapor, allowing her to easily
text: navigate through the narrow 10 inch passage. Half way, she
text: pauses and examines the lifeless Terminator. No threat here,
text: she continues on.
text: Once on the other side, T-1G returns to default mode and
text: strides through the complex, resuming her hunt.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TACTICAL SUPPLY ROOM
text: Gunfire is constant. John was right, it’s a full ambush.
text: Ten T-ls are battling Col. Bell and the four soldiers who are
text: desperately trying to retreat with their lives.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: yt GY WO WO
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: Yy.
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: INT. NORTH CORRIDOR
text: Founding the corner, John comes upon a T-i with irs back
text: surned! John quickly spins around, feet iosing traction on
text: polished concrete floor. The T-i about-faces and levels
dialog: iis chain gun.
dialog: 1
dialog: 
text: 7onn (carrying Ribberdy) ducks around the corner, dullets
dialog: railing him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: LOSE ON THE T-1:
text: We see it fully assembled for the first time. Strapped to
text: =ts back is a bulky bullet-proof AMMO PACKS -- 100 feet of
text: selt-fed CASELESS AMMO coiled densely, allowing a seemingly
text: endless supply of gunfire.
text: Mounted to its arm is a sleek CHAIN GUN. An AUTO-AIM gun
text: barrel pivots in sync with the T-l’s line of sight. When it
text: curns its head, the gun tracks with precision aim.
text: The T-1 rounds the corner and levels its chain gun at John.
text: But John beats the robot to the punch, blasting the M-16 at
text: its robotic head.
text: The T-1 is thrown off balance from the onslaught. Unable to
text: right itself, the robot stumbles. John keeps firing until
text: LICK! Out of ammo.
text: The T-1 finds its center of gravity and levels its chain gun.
text: John charges the robot and latches onto its (weapon) arm,
text: forcing it off target.
text: WHACK! The T-1 backhands John across the face. But John
text: Rangs on tight. WHACK! Another backhand sends John reeling
text: across the floor.
text: The T-1 approaches John-and levels its chain gun to kill.
text: TINK! TINK! TINK! Three magnetic grenades, fired at the back
text: of T-1, stick to its shoulder. KA-BLAM! The T-1's (weapon)
dialog: arm is blown off!
text: As the T-1 collapses, we RACK FOCUS on Sarah who stands with
text: an HK69 .40MM grenade launcher in her arms. Needless to say,
text: vohn is happily surprised.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hi, mom.
text: Suddenly, the T-1 flops toward John on its back and grabs his
text: ieg. John kicks the robot’s head, struggling to escape its
text: clutches.
speaker_heading: © @ PD HO
dialog: 97.
text: Saran shoves her boot against the T-i’s neck, pins it to the
text: ground and spears her 3K69 into the robot’s face.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Run.
text: vohn wisely complies.
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Eat this.
text: Sarah pumps a magnetic grenade into the T-1’s mouth. TINK!
text: Rapidly backs away. EXPLOSION! The T-1’s body parts skid
text: across the floor, smoldering.
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT’ D)
dialog: Catch.
text: Sarah tosses John the HK69.
text: Sarah grabs the T-1’s ammo pack which lies on the floor. She
text: straps it on her back. Picks up the T-1’s .80 caliber chain
text: gun. Connects the clip to the ammo-pack. Sarah is looking
dialog: bad-ass as ever.
text: John makes a move to retrieve Ribberdy who lies on the
text: ground. Face white, eyes poached. DEAD.
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT’D)
dialog: Who was he?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Our only chance at getting to Skynet.
dialog: You come from north’ hall?
speaker_heading: SARAH .
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JOHN .
dialog: T-1s?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: ‘Infested.
text: John sighs with defeat.
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Where’s Terminator?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUBTERRANEAN ENTRANCE
text: Sarah examines the crushed Terminator. She spies down the
text: north corridor, coast clear.
speaker_heading: Gi GD PP
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 98.
text: Saran moves to the South Corridor, checks for T~ls. Again,
text: the coast clear.
speaker_heading: SARAH -
dialog: At least we got you in a nuclear-safe
dialog: environment. if we can take out these
dialog: T-ls we can survive here. Where’re the
dialog: soldiers?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Col. Bell said he’d be coming back this
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We'll give ‘em 30 seconds.
text: Sarah and John take cover inside a four foot concave region
text: in the wall.
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT’D)
dialog: Splitting up...who’s brilliant idea was
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: They wouldn’t listen to me.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (explodes)
dialog: You got to get these people to pay
dialog: attention to you, John. That’s what
dialog: being a leader’s about.
text: Sarah pulls back from her usual lecture. She sees something
text: different in John’s eyes.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Go ahead, say it. I should’ve listened
dialog: to you.
text: John leans his back against the wall and slides down until
text: he’s sitting on his butt.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: But I didn’t. I only cared about me. My
dialog: life. Not everybody else’s. Now we all
dialog: lose.
text: Sarah removes her ammo pack and takes a seat beside John,
text: back to the wall in the same fashion.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It's not your fault... It’s mine.
text: John turns to Sarah, shocked to hear those words coming from
dialog: her mouth,
dialog: © @9 PO PO
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: SARAH {CONT’ D)
dialog: You wanted a wife, kids...you wanted a
dialog: family... And why the hell not, you've
dialog: been deprived of one your whole iife.
dialog: Hell, you didn’t ‘even have a mother.
dialog: (beat) . :
dialog: All I wanted to do is! love you, John.
dialog: But I was too afraid it would make you
dialog: soft, weak, I don’t know...
text: Sarah turns away from John, uncomfortable and vulnerable.
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT’D)
dialog: I spent too much time being a drill
dialog: sergeant...lost out on all the fun of
dialog: being a mom. You know how many goddam
dialog: times I wanted to grab you and hold
dialog: you...tell you things were gonna be okay?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: They are okay. You gave me everything I
dialog: need. I now know that.
text: Sarah's eyes moisten.
text: ANGLE ON TERMINATOR. Lifeless, crushed in the blast door.
dialog: Perhaps a part of him hears this?
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I love you, mom.
speaker_heading: . SARAH
dialog: I love you, too.
text: John grabs Sarah and gives her a long since due embrace.
text: Sarah reciprocates, gripping her son tightly.
text: A CLANKING noise from the south corridor interrupts the
text: moment! Sarah levels her chain gun and fires a warning shot.
text: Silence. A faint human voice echoes.
speaker_heading: COL. BELL (OS)
dialog: Hold your fire!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: {yells out)
dialog: Colonei!
text: Sarah rigidly levels her chain gun, untrusting.
text: Col. Bell and two Soldiers cautiously round the corner,
text: approach John and Sarah. All three are badly wartorn, one of
text: them nursing a gun wound. Sarah lowers her weapon.
dialog: ©) © PD NW
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: That bad, huh?
speaker_heading: COL. SELL
dialog: How many are cn your ass?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Five. Give or zake.
speaker_heading: COL. 3ELL
dialog: We got double that. Give cr take.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I thought you said only six were
dialog: operational?
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
dialog: Only six were operational! I don’t know
dialog: what the hell’s happening except that
dialog: we're dead men walking.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Maybe you should quit your whining and
dialog: get busy.
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
dialog: Fuck you, lady.
text: Sarah sweeps Col. Bell on his ass with her chain gun, shoves
text: her boot against his neck and presses the barrel of her chain
text: gun against his forehead.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You were saying...?
text: Col. Bell’s soldiers immediately turn their guns on Sarah.
speaker_heading: JOHN .
dialog: War’s out there! Knock it off!
text: RAT-T-T-T-T-T-T-! The T-1s round the corner and are now in
text: the north corridor.
text: John, Sarah, Col. Bell and the two soldiers quickly duck
text: their backs against the four foot concave region in the wall.
dialog: This will supply them some cover...but not for long.
text: Sarah and John blast their guns at the approaching T-1s,
text: xnocking them off balance.
text: RAT-T-T-T-T-T-T! More T-1ls round the corner and approach
text: from the south corridor.
text: Col. Bell and his soldiers blast rounds at them. Gunfire is
dialog: constant.
speaker_heading: © G PO WS
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: »y
dialog: 101.
text: But the T~1s are unscathed. They continue marching forward,
text: guns blazing.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #1
dialog: This isn‘t working!
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
dialog: The great John Connor... What a fucking
dialog: joke...
text: John focuses on the outer BLAST DOOR where the lifeless
text: Terminator stands crushed.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Cover me!
text: John makes a run across the corridor. Sarah, Col. Bell and
text: the soldiers send a barrage of gunfire into the T-1s to cover
dialog: John. ~
text: A bullet grazes John’s shoulder as he crosses. Nursing the
text: wound, he wedges his body inside the narrow 10 inch opening
text: of the blast door for cover. Turns to Terminator.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’ D)
dialog: I know you can hear me, goddamit! You
dialog: are my protector! That is your mission!
dialog: And you are FAILING YOUR MISSION!
text: Terminator remains lifeless. The situation worsens. The
text: T-ls are progressing. Our guys are almost out of ammo.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT! D)
dialog: I - AM - GOING - TO - DIE! Do you hear
dialog: me!? You are a Terminator! IT’S TIME TO
text: TERMINATE! ..
text: TERMINATOR POV. A single point of light.- A graphic displays
text: alternate power. Another shows level of power. The meter
text: climbs deep into the red. DANGER! SYSTEM OVERLOAD!
text: Terminator’s eyes sizzle with bright red.
text: Terminator’s arms shove against the 20 foot thick titanium
text: blast door. John is awed.
text: Terminator grits his teeth while shoving on the blast door
text: with incredibie strength. The blast door moves a fraction of
dialog: an inch...
text: Sarah runs out of ammo, likewise Col. Bell. The T-1s are now
text: only yards away from having a direct line of fire.
text: The blast door continues moving...a few more inches...a
text: foot...two feet. Terminator removes his hands which have
text: made two deep imprints in the titanium.
speaker_heading: Gi GD DO HS
dialog: 102.
text: Terminator grabs John and pulls him back to keep him safe.
text: Sarah’s eyes widen as Terminator’s somewhat contorted body
text: steps out into the corridor where rounds of ammo immediately
text: ricochet off his armor. Col. Bell and the soldiers are
text: happily amazed.
text: Terminator approaches the T-ls, cutting them off just in
text: time, diverting the gunfire.
text: Terminator grabs a T-1’s arm and yanks it clean off the
text: robot’s body, shoves his hand into the robot’s face and
text: crushes the T-1’s cranium against the wall.
text: Terminator kicks another T-1’s (weapon} arm, sending the
text: robot crashing against the wall. Terminator grabs the
text: robot’s head, breaks it off. He forces the robot to fire
text: upon itself. EXPLOSION! The robot erupts.
text: Terminator grabs another T-1 and shoves it into a wall,
text: crushing its neck.
text: Terminator back hands another robot’s head repeatedly,
text: severing its head from its torso. Terminator tosses another
text: T-1 into the opposite wall...CRASH! Terminator picks up the
text: T-1 and again hurls the machine into the opposite wall.
text: Terminator yanks off the T-1’s (weapon) arm, turns it and
text: fires a constant stream of ammo. KA-BLOOM! The T-1
text: explodes. KA-BLOOM! Another explodes.
text: Terminator turns to John and the rest of the bunch with a
text: smirk and a severed T-1 arm in his grip.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I’m back.
text: Terminator drops the severed T-1 arm into a pile of
text: smoldering robotic junk. CLANK! Terminator kicks T-1 debris
text: out+of his way as he approaches John. A T-1 head rolls along
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR (CONT‘D)
dialog: It’s clear to me why Skynet rushed to
dialog: redesign the T-ls. They suck.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL BOOTH - OUTSIDE CYBER CELLAR
text: Low angle on black Gucci Boots...we pan up the gorgeous legs
text: of T-1G who strides toward the Cyber Cellar’s vault door.
text: T-1G peers inside and examines the fifty computer towers
text: circulating with Skynet’s god-like mind.
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: i GD 1D HO
dialog: 203,
text: She focuses on the panel lock, rips off the cover and drives
text: ner hand into the circuitry. EXPLOSION! The thermite blast
text: welds the lock shut.
text: T-1G turns her back to the Cyber Cellar and stands directly
text: in front of the vault door, silent and still -- a sentinel
text: guarding Satan‘s throne.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY SURVEILLANCE ROOM
text: Terminator rips open the door. John and the rest of the gang
text: cile in and face the many security monitors.
text: John sits before the computers, punching up different
text: locations on the monitors.
text: One of the screens shows the interior of a fully automated
text: ROBOTIC FACTORY where T-ls are constructed. It’s in full
text: operation. A new T-1 steps off the production line and is
text: equipped with ammo-pack and chain gun.
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
dialog: Well that answers that. Fucking
text: factory’s pumping out T-1s like hotcakes.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Where’s the Cyber Cellar?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Subplex 5.
text: John types into the computer. The Cyber Cellar comes up on
text: the main large-screen monitor. Standing in the control booth
text: outside the Cyber Cellar is the T-1G standing guard.
text: One of the soldiers speaks up. - -
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Who the hell’s that?
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Shit. She’s inside.
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
dialog: That the “she” you were talking about?
text: John nods. Soldier #2 speaks up:
speaker_heading: GAFFE
dialog: Sexy momma...
speaker_heading: Gu GI WS WS
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: {to Terminator)
dialog: This chick...she as bad-ass as you?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: The T-1G is a superior model. Three
text: generations more advanced.
text: Terminator zooms the monitor in and focuses on the detonated
dialog: tock.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR (CONT'D)
text: She detonated the lock. It’s welded shut
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
dialog: Well that’s just fucking peachy.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You couldn’t get past her, anyway.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Gotta be another way inside, man. A
dialog: hole, something.
text: John walks off, seemingly giving up.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: There are no holes.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Check your head.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What the hell’s that supposed to mean!?
text: As Terminator exits the survielance room...
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Tell you when you’re terminated.
scene_heading: INT. NORTH HALL
text: John follows Terminator.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look, there’s no way in that place! It’s
dialog: goddam impenetrable! It was designed
dialog: that way! There’s no way past it!
text: Terminator turns square to John.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: You talk about choices. But you see only
dialog: one: Defeat.
speaker_heading: OH GD DS NO
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 105.
text: Terminator spears John with a look, walks off. John lowers
text: nis head, feeling Terminator’s words. Sarah and the rest of
text: the soldiers exit into the north hall and approach John.
speaker_heading: SARAH”.
dialog: What’s up with his shit?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Rust...
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Ruse... Root Underground Cable Network.
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
dialog: What about it?
text: Terminator turns back to John, hearing his new idea.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: The communication cables beneath the
dialog: Cyber Cellar. How exactly were they
dialog: installed?
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
text: Automated boring technology.
text: John shines with epiphany. He marches up to Terminator with
text: a big smile.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm hip to what you’re doing, and it’s
dialog: working.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR , :
dialog: I know.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND MAINTENANCE FACILITY ~ LOW LIGHT
text: Terminator pulls a dusty canvas tarp off a single-manned
text: boring machine, otherwise known as a “DIGGER.”
text: John, Sarah and the rest of the soldiers huddle around the
text: digger, examining it closely. Torpedo-sized, covered with
text: rows of tiny blades. Connected to the aft section is a iong
text: spool of fiber optic cabling. Gaff reaches out and touches
text: one of the many tiny blades, cuts his finger, sucks the
dialog: wound.
speaker_heading: COL. BELL
dialog: You realize the floor to the Cyber
text: Cellar’s thick titanium.
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: © © PN WO
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Yeah, but the cabling’s fiber optic. And
dialog: there’s a thousand of ‘em, bound
dialog: together. That should leave me a pretty
text: big weak spot to dig up through.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: How ya gonna know where you're going?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Just gotta find a cable and follow it in.
text: London laughs.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: This boy’s good.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I‘ll go.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No, I gotta do this. You stay here and
dialog: cover my back.
text: Sarah understands.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: {to Terminator)
dialog: You get over to that T-1 factory and blow
dialog: the place to shit, can you do that?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: Most definately.
speaker_heading: KA-CHANK!
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND - R.U.S.T. SYSTEM - LOW LIGHT
text: Sparks illuminate the newborn tunnel as the digger bores
text: through. Like a SCUBA diver being pulled through the water
text: by a JET-SUB, John digs through. The HK69 grenade launcher
text: slung around his shoulder, John hangs onto the aft~-cable
text: spool mount with both hands, his stomach skidding across the
dialog: ground.
scene_heading: INT. T-1 FACTORY
text: The door is BLASTED OPEN. Terminator storms in with a chain
text: gun in his grip and an ammo pack strapped to his back. He
text: blasts a new T-1 as it steps off the line.
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: oH GD NY PO
dialog: 207.
scene_heading: INT. BENEATH CYBER CELLAR - LOW LIGHT
text: The entire floor is thick titanium except for a circular
text: opening (12 feet in diameter) where thousands of optical
text: cables, bound together, thread up into the facility.
text: EXPLOSION of sound as the cables BURST. Sparks shower the
text: oor as the digger CUTS UP through the cabling, penetrating
text: the basement of the Cyber Cellar.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: =NT. UNDERGROUND MAINTENANCE FACILITY
text: Sarah, Col. Bell and the rest of the soldiers keeps guard. A
text: noise catches Sarah's attention. She looks up, sees a video
text: camera. It’s red recording LIGHT begins BLINKING. Sarah
text: spins around, hyper-alert.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We got company! ~
text: London suddenly fights as something grabs his hand and forces
text: his pistol against his own temple. BANG!
text: Gaff spins around, gun leveled. CRACK! His head is hyper-
dialog: rotated.
text: Col. Bell begins shooting wildly. Until his body is thrown
text: so hard into the metal wall....instant death.
text: Sarah fires a constant stream of ammo until her gun is yanked
text: from her grip by something unseen. Her body is slammed into
text: a wall. Then suddenly, her feet lift off the ground as she
text: is slide up the wall by the unseen force. Her face smears
text: blood as she slides upward.
text: T-1G exits camouflage mode and appears. She stands on the
text: wall, defying gravity, looking directly into Sarah’s ‘eyes.
text: Fisting Sarah’s hair, T-1G points Sarah’s eyes into her’s.
speaker_heading: T-1G
dialog: Where’s John Connor?
scene_heading: T-1G studies Sarah’s NEURO-ELECTRIC ACTIVITY: Among
text: cluttered images, subconscious dialogue overlaps: “Go to
dialog: hell, bitch.”
text: T-1G reacts as Sarah’s unusual mental strength.
speaker_heading: © @ PO PS
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CYBER CELLAR
text: John emerges inside Skynet’s lair. Adrenaline pumped, he
text: marches past the two rows of computer towers, scraping the
text: barrel of the HK69 across their monitor display screens.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: eo
dialog: . 208.
text: yohn turns the grenade Launcher cn the main control terminal.
speaker_heading: SCHN
dialog: This is for Anna, and San Franc:sco...
text: nm one of ine large displays, a message is printed out,
text: ccompanied by a computerized voice.
dialog: wo
speaker_heading: SKYNET
dialog: i have reprogrammed and downloaded all
dialog: nuclear security codes and have access to
text: North America’s arsenals. ‘fou iaunch.
dialog: launch.
dialog: a
text: yohn stares at the computer screen, a cold sweat forming.
dialog: He considers his options -- what options?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Fuck you. You‘re gonna iaunch anyway.
dialog: (cocks the HK69)
text: A titanium wall suddenly descends, revealing a three-foot
text: thick glass wall which views into the control booth. On the
text: other side, T-1G holds Sarah by the back of the scalp,
text: pressing her badly pummeled face into the glass, smearing her
text: blood. Sarah yells to John but the thick sound-proof glass
text: mutes her screams.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION BOOTH
text: From this side, Sarah’s screaming is now clearly heard.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: DO IT, JOHN! FUCKING DO IT!
scene_heading: INTERCUT BETWEEN JOHN AND SARAH
text: John steps toward the thick glass and presses his hand
text: against it. Sarah meets his hand with hers.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: There’s nothing you can do... Finish it.
text: Sarah reads John’s lips...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: ‘muted)
dialog: I love you.
text: Sohn turns away from his mother and levels the HK69 at
dialog: Skynet.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’ D)
dialog: Download this.
speaker_heading: Gt @ PO 9
dialog: »
dialog: 209.
dialog: sonn BLASTS grenades :nto che fifty computer towers.
text: PLOSION upon EXPLOSION as chunks of motherooards and chips
text: surst into the air.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: T-1
text: T-1G Spin-breaks Sarah's neck and discards her like used
text: Kleenex. Sarah hits the ground, eyes poached, head hyper-
dialog: rotated. Dead.
dialog: 
text: ALARM WAILS. The lights switch off and =EMERGENCY LIGHTS
text: Zlicker on, illuminating che cellar with an ORANGE GLOW.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MONTAGE - MISSILE SILOS
text: countless ICBM missiles rocket into the night from all
dialog: different parts of the United States, including submarines.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CYBER CELLER
text: While John continues blasting the shit out of the fifty
text: computer towers, T-1G punches the thick glass window with
text: battering-ram force. Her body a blur from the speed of
text: impact. The window begins to crack.
scene_heading: INT. BENEATH CYBER CELLAR
text: John hustles toward the Digger, ignites the engine.
scene_heading: INT. T-1 FACTORY
text: The digger explodes up through the floor, ripping through
text: metal grating. The tiny blades send a SHOWER OF SPARKS
text: through the air. .
text: John emerges and finds himself staring at-a T-1 which lies in
text: broken and burning. Terminator gives John a hand up.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Skynet?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Terminated.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Sarah?
text: sohn shakes his head with deep remorse.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR (CONT‘D)
dialog: Let’s go.
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: Gil GI IND WO
dialog: »
dialog: 110.
text: erminator and John hustle through <he rest of che destroyed
text: -i factory. John looks about the piace as they exit...
text: The colossal factory is fully automated. Mot a human being
text: in the place. Robotic spider-like machinery assemble the T-
text: is as they come down the line.
dialog: 
text: minator and John bust through a door which leads into an
dialog: perimental laboratory.
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY
text: Here T-2s are seen. More sleek, human-like frames. Rubber
text: numan-like skin covers some of their appendages.
text: Terminator blasts the T-2s as he and John exit.
scene_heading: INT. BORING TUNNEL
text: T-1G claws across the ceiling, walls, floor of the tunnel,
text: blazing through with incredible speed -- the laws of gravity
dialog: not a factor.
scene_heading: iNT. UNDERGROUND MAINTENANCE FACILITY
text: T-1G explodes up from the boring tunnel. Scans the area. No
text: John Connor. Her eyes focus on a Digger.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR TO AIRCRAFT HANGAR
text: John and Terminator race through. Terminator fires the chain
text: gun up into the sprinkler system, setting it off.
text: Terminator stops. Listens. He shoves John aside just as...
text: The GROUND EXPLODES! T-1G drives the DIGGER up into the
text: room! Right where John was standing.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Run.
text: John escapes through a doorway and enters...
text: Terminator turns his chain gun on T-1G who kicks the weapon
text: from his grip.
text: T-iG grabs the Digger, its blades spinning viciousiy, and
text: impales it down onto Terminator, mutilating flesh, grinding
dialog: endoskeleton.
scene_heading: INT. AIRCRAFT HANGAR
text: At the center of the hangar, A SWIFT. It’s polished steel
text: hull illuminated by orange emergency lighting, hull beading
text: with high-pressure water from the sprinkler system.
speaker_heading: © G DN HO
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: te
dialog: ry
text: -ohn cpens the hatch, enters.
scene_heading: INT. SWIFT - COCKPIT
text: vohn scans the ultra high-tech control canei. He dons a
text: neadset and pushes the talk button.
speaker_heading: SOHN
dialog: Activate thrusters.
speaker_heading: FLIGHT CCMPUTER
dialog: Negative command. Anti-graviztic
text: thrusters not initiated.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Initiate anti~gravitic thrusters.
scene_heading: FLIGHT COMPUTER
text: Negative command. Fuel cells inactive.
dialog: Recommend cycling launch check list.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (pushes talk button)
dialog: Cycle launch check list.
text: The lights to the control panel illuminate as the ship comes
dialog: to life.
scene_heading: FLIGHT COMPUTER
dialog: Fuel cells charged, power distribution
text: set to launch, manifold thermals
dialog: circulated...
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR TO HANGAR
text: T-1G impales the digger’one last time onto Terminator,
text: ripping the machine deeply into the cyborg’s torso. With
text: dying strength, Terminator reaches out and grabs T-1G’s
text: ankle, a pathetic attempt to stop her. T-1G turns to static
text: vapor, allowing her lower-leg to pass through Terminator’s
text: clutches with wraith-like effect.
scene_heading: INT. SWIFT - COCKPIT
text: John examines the plasma flight screen which reveals T-1G6
text: approaching.
scene_heading: FLIGHT COMPUTER
text: Auto-gryo calibrated, auto-stable mode,
text: on. Anti-gravitic thrusters warming up.
scene_heading: EXT. SWIET
text: A THUNDERCLAP as the anti-gravitic thrusters BLAST with ear-
text: splitting pitch.
dialog: 1
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: © G PS W
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: INT. HANGAR
text: 7-iG is parely seen as the shower of water from the sprinkler
text: System outlines her camouflaged form as she strides toward
dialog: ine SWIFT. .
scene_heading: INT. SWIFT
speaker_heading: FLIGHT COMPUTER (VO}
text: frequency cancellation mode on standby.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: {in epiphany; sotto)
dialog: Frequency cancellation... Sentient
dialog: frequency, sentient frequency matter...
dialog: (pushes talk button)
dialog: Activate frequency cancellation.
scene_heading: EXT. SWIET
text: The anti-gravitic trusters are suddenly DEAD SILENT.
scene_heading: INT. SWIFT
text: T-1G focuses on the SWIFT and races toward it.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Alter cancellation frequency.
scene_heading: FLIGHT COMPUTER
dialog: Specify new calibration signature.
text: Warning. High energy target approaching.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Calibrate to high energy target.
text: The computer screen's cross-hairs focuses on T-1G.
scene_heading: FLIGHT COMPUTER
text: Calibrating.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Come on. Cancel that sentient frequency
dialog: piece of shit.
scene_heading: EXT. SWIFT
speaker_heading: © & PO WO
text: The anti-gravitic thrusters are once again heard, roaring
text: loudly. CRRRRASSH! Every light in the entire hangar
text: suddenly explodes! Glass rains down onto the T-1G as she
text: jumps onto the SWIFT and turns it over on its side.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: &
scene_heading: INT. SWIFT
text: -iG rips open the rear hatch, enters! John is trapped, no
dialog: way out!
text: 7-1G screams toward John to kill. John pulls the lever for
text: che EJECTION SEAT, not a second too soon. EXPLOSION!
scene_heading: INT. HANGAR
text: Because of the angle of SWIFT lying on its side, John is
text: catapulted at a 45 degree angle across the length of the
text: hangar. A parachute opens just before he hits the ground,
text: breaking his fall somewhat.
text: T-1G jumps out of the aircraft, eyes targeting John.
text: John backs away from the approaching T-1G when suddenly her
text: body starts twitching strangely.
text: T-1G tries to shake it off when a strange vibration ripples
text: through her. The vibration grows...and like a microphone
text: feeding back, a single tone crescendoes...louder...louder...
text: into an ugly deafening ROAR.
text: T-1G examines herself as her body swells and unravels, her
text: dense sentient frequency matter decompressing -- it’s not
text: pretty. Her arms and chest burst open, ballooning out
text: massively. Legs explode, rapidly growing outward as her
text: insides pour out of her. T-1G’s gorgeous smooth skin is now
text: replaced with her inner-working, intricate neural network now
text: visible. Tendrils of neural tissues rip open and writhe as
text: they try to re-connect.
text: John backs into a corner, trapped by T-1G.
text: T-1G finally stabilizes. She is now grossly misshapen and
text: horribly contorted. Arcs of electricity blaze through her
text: augmented form which lays paralyzed upon the ground, just
text: feet from John; her stillborn eyes boring into his. Body
text: rippling with electricity.
text: John struggles to his feet, and hurries past the hideous
text: machine -- smart not to assume she’s dead.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR TO HANGAR
speaker_heading: Or G9 AD ND
text: John finds Terminator in bad shape. Chunks of flesh missing,
text: revealing mangled endoskeleton beneath, exposed wiring.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I hate her.
dialog: 114.
text: With some difficulty, Terminator stands. There’s a moment of
text: refreshing silence...
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR (CONT! D)
dialog: . You did good. .
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I know.
text: John and Terminator move to exit when...
text: Suddenly T-1G CRASHES through the wall and rears its massive
text: physique. Her beautiful features, although still
text: recognizable, undulate with grotesque proportion. John has
dialog: created an even worse adversary!
text: Terminator levels the chain gun and blasts rounds into her.
text: The effect of the gunshots have a slight damaging effect for
text: the first time -- in this state T-1G is more vicious, but
text: perhaps more vulnerable.
text: John races to escape through the corridor, Terminator
text: trailing with a limp. T-1G rips apart the walls, having
text: difficulty squeezing its cumbersome new body through. This
text: slowing her down greatly.
text: Terminator blasts T-1G with his chain gun until...CLICK. Out
text: of ammo. John finds a door to a stairwell.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on!
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - EMERGENCY LIGHTING
text: The sprinkler system showers John and Terminator as they
text: rapidly descend the steps. The T-1G crashes inside, fighting
text: to squeeze through, shaking the interior like a 9.0
dialog: earthquake.
text: The stairwell crumbles beneath John’s feet, causing him to
text: plummet a flight. WHAM! John hits hard, writhing in pain.
text: T-1G lurches downward toward John when Terminator steps in
text: between. Like a cobra, T-1G strikes at Terminator.
text: Retaliating, Terminator punches holes into T-1G. But as his
text: arms rip into her, human flesh is instantly burned off by the
text: acidic effect of the neurai inner-workings.
text: Terminator falls down a flight, lands beside John. T-16
text: crashes through the stairwell, forcing its large body toward
text: its prey, bashing apart chunks of concrete.
text: Terminator spies an air conditioning duct. With endoskeleton
text: exposed arms, he rips off the metal covering and shoves John
text: inside. Terminator dives in after John.
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: ©1 © PO
dialog: 215.
text: 7-1G lurches out and engulfs Terminator’s ieg, stripping off
text: clothes and flesh. Terminator’s leg is jerked ciean off his
text: body, wiring and endoskeleton stringing from the wound.
scene_heading: INT. TEST CHAMBER
text: CRASH! John smashes through a ceiling vent and impacts onto
text: tne dense titanium-grated floor. He gasps in pain, clutching
text: nis dislocated knee.
scene_heading: INT. TESTING CHAMBER
text: vohn, fighting to suppress his agony, claws across the grated
text: floor when Terminator comes CRASHING DOWN. The cyborg
text: struggles to right himself, but too much damage has been
text: done: arms stripped of flesh, metal cranium half-exposed and
text: left leg severed.
speaker_heading: JOHN ~
dialog: Get up.
text: Terminator’s servos and hydraulics grind and sputter horribly
text: as he tries to move.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’ D)
dialog: Get up!
text: Terminator’s red left eye dims, losing its bright glow. The
text: cyborg is dying. John struggles to drag Terminator, but he’s
text: much too heavy to move.
text: John hears the horrible screech of T-1G which echoes through
text: the air duct above. Time is running out.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’ D)
dialog: Don’t fade out on me! Come on, say
dialog: something! .
text: Terminator, too weak to be of any further ‘service to John,
dialog: manages but a few words...
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: (digital clipping)
dialog: G-g-g-green.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: (digital clipping)
dialog: My fav-vorite color...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: © @ PO
dialog: . 116.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: (digital clipping)
dialog: The c-c-olor...i-l-l-life.
text: vohn rushes with emotional chill as he stares down upon his
dialog: dying friend.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You're a good friend.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I know.
text: Terminator smiles sarcastically before his body begins
text: sizzling with short bursts of blue electricity and the
text: glowing red from his mechanical eyes fade.
text: Debris rains down from above as T-1G grows nearer.
text: John crawls across the grated floor toward a CONTROL ROOM.
text: Illuminated by strobed emergency lighting...A 35 foot PLASMA
text: ROCKET ENGINE mounted horizontally on a special stand.
scene_heading: INT. AIR DUCT
text: T-1G violently rips through the claustrophobic confines of
text: the duct, cutting viciously through the wall, clearing enough
dialog: space to squeeze through.
scene_heading: INT. TESTING CHAMBER
text: T-1G drops down into the large chamber and whips its head
text: toward John who is seen climbing inside the control room,
text: protected behind ultra thick glass.
text: Terminator latches onto T-1G with one hand and grabs the
text: metal grates with his other, keeping the beast _pinned. T-1G
text: fights to free herself.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM
text: The nerve center of the testing chamber, a miniature version
text: of NASA‘s mission control. John gets behind the main
text: terminal and types furiously into the keyboard.
scene_heading: INT. TESTING CHAMBER
text: T-1G rips Terminator in half. The cyborg’s body fragments
text: sizzling with blue tendriis of electricity. T-1G lurches its
text: massive body upward, twisting its head around 180 degrees.
text: The beast HISSES as it burns a death look at John inside the
dialog: control room.
text: T-1G leaps through the air, silhouetted by the strobing
text: emergency lights.
speaker_heading: © GD PO
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: ce
dialog: 117.
text: “fapor pours out sf the ciasma rocket engine.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM
text: John finishes typing into the computer. A button with a
text: protective safety cover suddenly BLINKS RED. T-1G HISSES at
text: John while gripping the glass.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You're terminated, bicshn.
text: John flicks open the safety cover and pounds his fist onto
text: the red button. Titanium blast shields slide down over the
text: thick protective glass.
scene_heading: INT. TESTING CHAMBER
text: The giant plasma engine IGNITES, sending a furious tsunami of
text: fiery plasma throughout the chamber. T-1G screams, -a hellish
text: siren of a scream as its neural network is decimated.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM
text: John hurries to escape!
scene_heading: INT. SHIELDED CORRIDOR TO CONTROL ROOM
text: John forces himself to his feet. Fighting the pain, he
text: hurriedly limps to escape, desperate to put distance between
text: him and the impending explosion.
scene_heading: INT. TESTING CHAMBER
text: The plasma engine rips free of it’s mount and BURSTS OUT OF
text: CONTROL. Bouncing violently off the walls.
text: T-1G struggling to escape when...
text: The plasma engine CRASHES DOWNWARD and EXPLODES! AN ENORMOUS
scene_heading: EXPLOSION.
text: The T-1G‘s body instantly disintegrates into a million
dialog: pieces. Terminated!
scene_heading: EXT. GREEN RIVER LAUNCH COMPLEX - NIGHT
speaker_heading: Ot 9 IY 9
text: The EXPLOSION erupts an enormous PLUME into the sky! A
text: massive tower of FIRE AND DEBRIS rains.
text: Emerging from the subterranean entrance is John Connor.
text: Limping, wartorn, hardened expression. Emergency vehicles
text: approach him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: “y
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: =XT. THE NIGHT SKY
text: Countless nuclear warheads rocket across the sky.
scene_heading: INT. NORAD - MISSILE WARNING CENTER - NIGHT
text: DEFCON-5 illuminated.: Large maps of the continents reveal
text: the approaching apocalypse. Nuclear missiles minutes away
text: from impacting all areas of China and Russia. Counter-strike
text: missiles streaking toward the United States.
text: it’s total chaos, phones ringing off the hook. Military
text: personnel scream orders back and forth.
scene_heading: EXT. PRESIDENTIAL HELICOPTER - NIGHT
text: The President communicates via SATELLITE PHONE as he is
text: hurried into a nuclear bunker, the Secretary of Defense and
text: other elite members of the government trailing. Extreme
text: winds from the rotor blades blast his hair and clothing.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: +.-.a@ computer malfunction! It doesn’t
dialog: matter. Listen to me! i
dialog: been disarmed...en route. Yes, that is
dialog: correct. En route. We have this
dialog: capability. We know you do, too!
text: The President communicates a few diplomatic words in Russian
text: before ending the call.
scene_heading: SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
dialog: What’d they say?
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: (portentously)
dialog: If they’re still alive after our missiles
text: . Strike, they’1l disarm.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALL ACROSS THE UNITED STATES - MONTAGE
text: Shots of NUCLEAR WARHEADS streaking across famous Skylines.
text: New York. L.A. Washington D.C. The ICBMs arc downward and
dialog: impact!
text: But there are no nuclear explosions. Only the force of the
text: metal hulls bashing into buildings, freeways, bridges...
text: A WARHEAD skids down a street, sparks trailing. The ICBM
text: flips end-over-end and crashes into the stairs at the base of
dialog: the Lincoln Memorial.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: MK
speaker_heading: Gi G PO WO
dialog: 119.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN MEMORIAL - THE MORNING AFTER
text: Emergency vehicles swarm a broken ICBM. Curious children are
text: ushered back as a SQUAD of men in RADIATION SUITS place an
text: ICBM -inside a large truck designed for extreme containment.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNT CHAFFNEY - DAY
text: Extreme CLOSE-UP on John Connor’s intense eyes...as we pull
dialog: pack...
speaker_heading: JOHN CONNOR (VO)
dialog: Six million lives were lost soon after
dialog: Skynet became self-aware.
text: Camera continues pulling back, revealing John standing on top
text: of a mountainous ridge, a Yamaha 400 dirtbike parked nearby.
speaker_heading: JOHN CONNOR (VO) (CONT'D) -
dialog: It’s ironic...while a computer became
dialog: conscious, we were unconscious. With the
dialog: exception of my mother. God, I’m going
dialog: to miss her. I now understand how she
dialog: suffered through the years, how she lost
dialog: out on being a mother.
text: Camera pulls back, revealing semi trucks loading supplies
text: inside a tunnel located below the ridge.
speaker_heading: JOHN CONNOR (VO) (CONT'D)
dialog: I’d hate to think that a taste of the
dialog: apocalypse is what it took to wake the
dialog: world. I can only hope now that we
dialog: remain...wide-awake. I know I will. .
text: Camera continues ascending, high into the .heavens where John
text: is but a dot on a mountain.
speaker_heading: JOHN CONNOR (VO) (CONT'D)
text: I can still hear my mother’s words:
dialog: “There is no fate, but what we make.”
text: Camera ascends above California, showing Los Angeles from
dialog: space.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: ©i @ PO
speaker_heading: MK
dialog: 
