dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: "TERMINATOR 2: JUDGEMENT DAY"
dialog: a Screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: James Cameron
dialog: and
dialog: William Wisher
dialog: Revised final shooting script
scene_heading: 1 EXT. CITY STREET - DAY
text: Downtown L.A. Noon on a hot summer day. On an EXTREME LONG LENS the
text: lunchtime crowd stacks up into a wall of humanity. In SLOW MOTION
text: they move in herds among the glittering rows of cars jammed bumper to
text: bumper. Heat ripples distort the torrent of faces. The image is
text: surreal, dreamy... and like a dream it begins very slowly to
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 2 EXT. CITY RUINS - NIGHT
text: Same spot as the last shot, but now it is a landscape in Hell. The
text: cars are stopped in rusted rows, still bumper to bumper. The
text: skyline of buildings beyond has been shattered by some
text: unimaginable force like a row of kicked-down sandcastles.
text: Wind blows through the desolation, keening with the sound of ten
text: million dead souls. It scurries the ashes into drifts, stark
text: white in the moonlight against the charred rubble.
text: A TITLE CARD FADES IN:
scene_heading: LOS ANGELES, July 11, 2029
text: 3 ANGLE ON a heap of fire-blackened human bones. Beyond the mound is a
text: vast tundra of skulls and shattered concrete. The rush hour crowd
text: burned down in their tracks.
text: 4 WE DISSOLVE TO a playground... where intense heat has half-melted the
text: jungle gym, the blast has warped the swing set, the merry-go-round
text: has sagged in the firestorm. Small skulls look accusingly from the
text: ash-drifts. WE HEAR the distant echo of children's voices... playing
text: and laughing in the sun. A silly, sing-songy rhyme as WE TRACKS
text: SLOWLY over seared asphalt where the faint hieroglyphs of hopscotch
text: lines are still visible.
text: CAMERA comes to rest on a burnt and rusted tricycle... next to the
text: tiny skull of its owner. HOLD ON THIS IMAGE as a female VOICE speaks:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: 3 billion human lives ended on August 29th, 1997.
dialog: The survivors of the nuclear fire called the war
text: Judgment Day. They lived only to face a new
dialog: nightmare, the war against the Machines...
text: A metal foot crushes the skull like china.
text: TILT UP, revealing a humanoid machine holding a massive battle rifle.
text: It looks like a CHROME SKELETON... a high-tech Death figure. It is
text: the endoskeleton of a Series 800 terminator. Its glowing red eyes
text: compassionlessly sweep the dead terrain, hunting.
text: The SOUNDS of ROARING TURBINES. Searchlights blaze down as a
text: formation of flying HK (Hunter-Killer) patrol machines passes
text: overhead. PAN WITH THEM toward the jagged horizon, beyond which we
text: see flashes, and hear the distant thunder of a pitched battle in
dialog: progress.
scene_heading: 5 EXT. BATTLEFIELD - NIGHT
text: THE BATTLE. Human troops is desperate combat with the machines for
text: possession of the dead Earth. The humans are a ragtag guerrilla
text: army. Skynet's weapons consist of Ground HKs (tank-like robot
text: gun-platforms), flying Aerial HKs, four-legged gun-pods called
text: Centurions, and the humanoid terminators in various forms.
scene_heading: SEQUENCE OF RAPID CUTS:
text: 5A Explosions! Beam-weapons firing like searing strobe-light.
text: 5B A gunner is an armored personnel carrier fires a LAW rocket at a
text: pursuing Aerial HK, bringing it down in a fiery explosion.
text: 5C Another APC is crushed under the treads of a massive Ground HK.
text: 5D A TEAM OF GUERRILLAS in a intense fire-fight with terminator
text: 5E endoskeletons in the ruins of a building. Three terminator
text: 5F endoskeletons advance, firing rapidly. Another (complete cyborg),
text: with flesh ripped open and back broken, gropes for a rifle on the
dialog: ground.
text: 5G A Centurion overruns a human firing position. Soldiers are cut
text: down as they run. Fiery explosions light the ranks of advancing
dialog: machines.
text: 6 IN A BLASTED GUN EMPLACEMENT at the edge of battle, a man watches
text: the combat with night-vision binoculars. He wears the uniform of a
text: guerrilla general, and a black beret. He is still amid running,
text: shouting techs and officers.
text: C.U. MAN, pushing slowly in as the battle rages O.S. He lowers the
text: binoculars. He is forty-five years old. Features severe. The left
text: side of his face is heavily scarred. A patch covers that eye. An
text: impressive man, forged in the furnace of a lifetime of war. The name
text: stitched on the band of his beret is CONNOR. We push in until his
text: eyes fill frame, then...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FIRE. SLOW, BOILING, ENORMOUS. FILLING FRAME.
speaker_heading: VOICE (SARAH CONNOR)
dialog: Skynet, the computer which controlled the machines,
dialog: sent two terminators back through time. Their
dialog: mission: to destroy the leader of the human
dialog: Resistance... John Connor. My son.
text: The first terminator was programmed to strike at
dialog: me, in the year 1984... before John was born.
dialog: It failed.
text: The second was set to strike at John himself,
dialog: when he was still a child. As before, the
text: Resistance was able to send a lone warrior. A
dialog: protector for John. It was just a question of
dialog: which one of them would reach him first...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 7 EXT. TRUCKSTOP - NIGHT
text: Wild fingers of BLUE-WHITE ELECTRIC ARCS dance in a steel canyon
text: formed by two TRACTOR TRAILERS, parked side by side in the back lot
dialog: of an all-night truck stop. Then...
text: The strange lightning forms a circular opening in mid-air, and in
text: the sudden flare of light we see a FIGURE in a SPHERE OF ENERGY.
text: Then the FRAME WHITES OUT with an explosive THUNDERCLAP!
text: Through the clearing vapor we see the figure clearly... a naked man.
text: TERMINATOR has come through. Physique: massive, perfect. Face:
text: devoid of emotion. Terminator stands and impassively surveys its
dialog: surroundings.
scene_heading: 8 INT. TRUCK STOP DINER - NIGHT
text: On a back route to north L.A. A handful of local TRUCKERS hunch over
text: chili-sizes, CAT hats pushed back on their heads. Three BIKERS are
text: playing a game of pool in the back, their Miller empties lining the
text: table's rail. The dive's owner, LLOYD, a fat, aging biker-type in a
text: soiled apron, stands behind the bar. Nothing much going on...
text: Then the front door opens and a big naked guy strolls in -- that
text: doesn't happen every night. All eyes simultaneously swivel toward
text: Terminator. Its emotionless gaze passes over the customers as it
text: walks calmly through the room. Everyone frozen, not sure how to
dialog: react.
text: 8A TERMINATOR POV. A digitized electronic scan of the room, overlaid
text: with alphanumeric readouts which change faster than the human eye
text: can follow. In POV we move past the staring truckers, past the
text: owner and the awestruck WAITRESS, and approach a large nasty-looking
text: biker puffing on a cigar. His body is outlined, or "selected", and
text: thousands of estimated measurements appear. His clothing has been
dialog: analyzed and deemed suitable...
speaker_heading: 8B TERMINATOR
dialog: I need your clothes, your boots, and your
dialog: motorcycle.
text: The big biker's eyes narrow. He takes a long draw on this cigar,
text: the tip cherry-red hot.
speaker_heading: CIGAR BIKER
dialog: You forgot to say please.
text: He grinds the cigar out on Terminator's chest. Which produces not
text: the slight reaction of pain. Terminator calmly, and without
text: expression, grabs Cigar by his meaty upper arm...
text: Cigar screams from the hydraulic grip.
text: Terminator doesn't see Cigar's friend, behind him, holding his pool
text: cue by the narrow end like a Louisville Slugger. The heavy send
text: whistles in a powerful swing and CRACKS IN TWO across the back of
text: Terminator's head.
text: Terminator seems not to notice. Doesn't even blink. Without
text: releasing his grip on Cigar, he snaps his arm straight back and grabs
text: Pool Cue by the front of his jacket. Suddenly the heavyset biker
text: finds himself flying through the nearest window. CRAASSH!
text: Terminator hurls Cigar, all 230 pounds of him, clear over the bar,
text: through the serving window into the kitchen, where he lands on the
text: big flat GRILL. We hear a SOUND like SIZZLING BACON as Cigar
text: screams, flopping jerking. He rolls off in a smoking heap.
text: The third biker whips out a knife with a eight-inch blade and slashes
text: at Terminator's face.
text: Terminator grabs the arcing blade with his bare hand. Holding it by
text: the razor-sharp blade he jerks is from the guy's hand.
text: Ultra-fast here: He flips it. Grabs the handle like you're supposed
text: to hold a knife. Grabs the biker and slams him face-down over the
text: bar. Then brings the knife whistling down, pinning the biker's
text: shoulder to the bar top with his own steel.
scene_heading: 9 INT. KITCHEN
text: The doors BANGS OPEN and Terminator strides in.
text: The Mexican cook does a fast fade as Terminator walks toward Cigar,
text: who is cursing in pain on the floor.
text: With his deep-fried fingers he struggles to get out the .45 auto
text: tucked under his leather jacket. But he can't even hold onto it.
text: Terminator takes it from him. Instead of pointing it at him,
text: Terminator carefully examines weapon, analyzing its caliber and
dialog: operating condition. Terminator never threatens... that's a human
dialog: thing. He just takes.
text: Cigar senses what he must do when the emotionless eyes come back to
text: him. He slides the keys to his bike across the floor to Terminator's
text: foot. Then painfully starts getting out of his jacket.
scene_heading: 10 INT. TRUCK STOP
text: Terminator strides from the kitchen, fully clothed now in a black
text: leather jacket, leather riding pants, and heavy, clean boots. He
text: moves toward the moaning biker pinned to the pool table. Without
text: slowing his stride he jerks the knife out. The guy slumps to the
text: floor, groaning, behind him.
text: Terminator continues toward the front of the diner, passing Lloyd,
text: the owner. At the door, he comes abreast of two truckers who sit
text: frozen like a snapshot in mid-bite. One of the truckers finally
dialog: nods.
speaker_heading: TRUCKER
dialog: Evening...
text: Terminator impassively stares back. Then moves on out the door.
scene_heading: 11 EXT. TRUCK STOP
text: Terminator walks out, surveying the parked Harleys. Sticks the .45
text: in his belt and swings one leg over a massive CUSTOM ELECTRO-GLIDE.
text: He slips the dagger in his boot and the key in the ignition. Kicks
text: over the engine. It catches with a roar and he slams the heavy iron
text: into gear with a KLUNK.
text: Lloyd appears at the diner's door with a sawed-off 10-GAUGE
text: WINCHESTER LEVER-ACTION SHOTGUN. He fires into the air and jacks
text: around round in fast, aiming at Terminator's back.
speaker_heading: LLOYD
dialog: I can't let you take the man's wheels, son.
dialog: Now get off or I'll put you down.
text: Terminator turns and considers by coldly. He eases the shifter up
text: into neutral. Rocks the bike onto its kickstand. Swings him leg
text: over and walks calmly toward the guy.
text: Terminator strides right up to Lloyd, staring straight into the
text: shotgun's muzzle. Lloyd starts sweating, trying to decide is he's
text: going to kill a man in cold blood. He's still trying to decide when
text: Terminator's hand blurs out like a striking cobra and is somehow
text: suddenly holding the shotgun.
text: Lloyd gapes, knowing he's screwed. Then...
text: Terminator reaches toward him. Oh shit...
text: And slips the sunglasses out of Lloyd's shirt pocket. Puts them on.
text: Strides back to the Harley and roars off in a shower of gravel.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. FREEWAY - NIGHT
text: Terminator roars down the freeway, heading for L.A. Cold neon flares
text: across the chrome of the big bike. The 10-gauge is jammed through
text: the clutch and brake cables, across the handlebars. The lights flow
text: over Terminator's wrap-around sunglasses like the tracks of tracer
dialog: rounds.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 13 EXT. OVERPASS - NIGHT
text: The First Street Bridge. Rusting chain-link fence and graffiti-
text: covered walls. An L.A.P.D. BLACK-AND-WHITE cruises the empty street.
text: A TREMENDOUS BLUE-WHITE GLARE suddenly spills out between the columns
text: of the overpass. The young UNIFORMED COP in the car whips his head
text: around at the source of the light. He pulls over quickly, in time
dialog: to see...
text: 13A The powerfully arcing electrical discharge reaches its peak between
text: the columns. Lightning climbs the chain-link fence and light
text: standards, lighting up the night, and papers swirl in a blasting
text: whirlwind.
text: 13B The cop climbs from his cruiser as the glow fades.
text: He sees vapor dissipating as he approaches the spot where he saw the
text: strange light. He draws his revolver and cautiously moves into the
text: shadows between the rows of pillars.
text: A NAKED MAN glides from a shadowed doorway behind the cop. Nothing
text: special about him. Certainly not built like a terminator. The flash
text: of light and fact that he is naked are pretty good clues that he
text: just arrived from the future. His features are handsome bordering
text: on severe. His eyes are gray ice. Penetrating. Intelligent.
text: THE COP spins at a sound. Too late. Mr. X is already on him. The
text: blow is lighting fast and the cop drops like a bag of sand.
text: LOW ANGLE as the unconscious cop hits the deck, his BERETTA 9mm
text: AUTOMATIC clattering next to him. A hand ENTERS FRAME and picks up
dialog: this pistol.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: 13C HIGHLY POLISHED BLACK SHOES rounding the rear tire of the police
text: cruiser. FOLLOW THE SHOES to the cruiser's door then MOVE UP as
text: Mr. X, dressed now in LAPD blue, climbs behind the wheel. He
text: looks and acts exactly like a cop. Cool, alert, confident in his
text: power, his expression emotionless and judgmental.
text: Mr. X, now Officer X, puts the car in gear and drives into the night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 14 INT. SUBURBAN HOUSE/GARAGE - DAY
text: TIGHT ON YOUNG JOHN CONNOR, who at his moment is ten years old and
text: busy reassembling the carburetor on his Honda 125 dirtbike. He has
text: ripped Levi's and long stringy hair. A sullen mouth. Eyes which
text: reveal an intelligence as sharp as a scalpel. The Ramones' "I Wanna
text: Be Sedated" blasts from a boom box next to him.
text: A WOMAN, JANELLA VOIGHT, stands in the doorway of the garage,
text: yelling over the music.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: ...John? John! Get in here right now and
dialog: clean up that pigsty of yours.
text: John's friend TIM, a thirteen-year-old Hispanic kid, watches as John
text: replies by turning up the volume on the boom box.
text: Janelle gives up with a SLAM of the house's back door.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Your foster parents are kinda dicks, right?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Gimme that Phillips right there.
scene_heading: 15 INT. HOUSE - LIVING ROOM
text: Janelle storms into the room. TOD VOIGHT, her husband, watches
text: sports on the TV. They're both in their thirties. Middle-class
dialog: working stiffs.
speaker_heading: JANELLE
dialog: I swear I've had it with that goddamn kid.
dialog: He won't even answer me.
dialog: (neither does he)
dialog: Todd? Are you gonna sit there or are you gonna
dialog: do something?
text: He sighs. Throws down the TV's remote and heads for the garage.
scene_heading: 16 INT. GARAGE
text: John hops on the bike. Kick-starts it. Tim picks up John's nylon
text: bag, then climbs on the back. Todd ENTERS and shouts over the
text: engine, which John revs louder and louder.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: John! Get your ass inside right now and do
dialog: what your mother says!
text: John pins Todd with a defiant glare.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: She's not my mother, Todd!
text: He revs the engine and peels out of the garage, with Tim almost
text: falling off the back. They take off down the street.
scene_heading: 17 EXT. VACANT LOT/DRAINAGE CANAL
text: John cuts through a vacant lot to a trail running beside a fenced-in
text: drainage canal. He guns the bike through a hole in the retaining
text: fence. Tim's eyes go wide as they roar down the concrete embankment.
text: 17A IN THE DRAINAGE CANAL John zig-zags along, throwing up a
text: roostertail of muddy water. Tim shouts, pretending he didn't just
text: see his life flash before his eyes. He slaps John on the back.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Major moves, homes! So... where is your
dialog: real mom, anyway?
dialog: (John doesn't answer)
dialog: She dead or something?
text: It's hard to read John's expression.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: She might as well be.
text: John twists the throttle angrily and the bike lunges forward.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 18 EXT. PESCADERO STATE HOSPITAL - DAY
text: A SIGN on a chain link fence topped with concertina wire reads:
text: PESCADERO STATE HOSPITAL FOR THE CRIMINALLY INSANE. Beyond it
text: squats an imposing four-story building. Institutional brick.
text: Barred windows. About as inviting as KGB headquarters. Security
text: guards patrol the manicured grass.
scene_heading: 19 INT. HOSPITAL - MAXIMUM SECURITY WING
text: Sunlight is a barred slash on the bare institutional wall. The room
text: is empty of all furnishings save the bed, a stainless steel sink,
text: toilet, and a dented metal mirror. WE HEAR a rhythmic grunting,
text: small explosions of breath in perfectly-metered time.
text: PAN TO a bedframe leaned upright against the wall, legs facing
text: outward. A pair of sweaty hands grip one leg. Tendons knot and
text: release as SOMEONE does pull-ups. A man of tangled hair hides the
text: face that comes INTO FRAME, dips out, comes back.
text: WIDER. A WOMAN in a tank top and hospital pants in hanging from the
text: top leg of the vertical bedframe. Her body is straight and taut.
text: Knees bent so the feet clear the ground. The arms are lean and
text: muscular. The inmate, face hidden, pulls up, dips, pulls up. Like
text: a machine. No change in rhythm.
scene_heading: 20 INT. HOSPITAL/CORRIDOR
text: FIGURES MOVE TOWARD US down a corridor of polished tile and two-
text: tone walls. DR. PETER SILBERMAN, a smug criminal psychologist,
text: leads a group of young INTERNS. Following laconically, are THREE
scene_heading: BURLY ATTENDANTS.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
text: The next patient is a 29-year old female
dialog: diagnosed as acute schizo-affective disorder.
dialog: The usual indicators... depression, anxiety,
text: violent acting-out, delusions of persecution.
dialog: (the interns nod judiciously)
dialog: Here we are.
text: Silberman stops at one of the SOUNDPROOF STEEL DOORS. There is a two-
text: way speaker beneath a tiny window. Silberman flips the intercom
dialog: switch.
scene_heading: 21 INT. CELL
text: Silberman's scrubbed and cheerful face at cell window. HIS VOICE
text: comes over the tinny speaker.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: 'Morning, Sarah.
text: REVERSE ANGLE as she turns slowly into CLOSE UP.
text: SARAH CONNOR is not the same woman we remember from last time. Her
text: eyes peer out through a wild tangle of hair like those of a cornered
text: animal. Defiant and intense, but skittering around looking for
text: escape at the same time. Fight or flight. Down one cheek is a long
text: scar, from just below the eye to her upper lip.
text: Her VOICE is a low and chilling monotone.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Good morning, Dr. Silberman. How's the knee?
scene_heading: 22 INT. CORRIDOR
text: Silberman's smug composure drops a second. Then returns.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: Fine, Sarah.
text: (he switches off, speaks to
dialog: the interns)
dialog: She, uh... stabbed me in the kneecap with a
dialog: screwdriver a few weeks ago.
text: Sarah watches them talking about her through the glass, but can't
text: hear them. She feels like a lab animal. The interns look in at her
text: through the glass as Silberman talks. With her face drawn, eyes
text: haggard and hair wild, she looks like she belongs where she is.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
text: The delusional architecture is interesting.
text: She believes a machine called a "terminator",
dialog: which looks human of course, was sent back
dialog: though time to kill her. And also that the
dialog: father of her child was a soldier, sent to
dialog: protect her... he was from the future too...
dialog: (he smiles)
dialog: The year 2029, if I remember correctly.
dialog: (the interns chuckle)
dialog: Let's move on, shall we?
text: As the interns walk on, Silberman steps close to DOUGLAS, the head
text: attendant, and speaks low.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: Douglas, I don't like seeing the patients
dialog: disturbing their rooms like this. See that she
dialog: takes her thorazine, would you?
text: DOUGLAS is 6'4", 250 pounds and warm-hearted at a rattlesnake. He
text: nods, catching Silberman's meaning, and gestures for the other
text: attendants to hang back as Silberman moves on in his rounds.
scene_heading: 23 INT. CELL
text: Sarah looks up as the cell door opens. Douglas walks in slowly,
text: idly tapping his POLICE BATON against the door in a ominous rhythm.
text: The other two orderlies ease in behind him. One of them carries a
text: STUN BATON (like a sawed-off cattle prod). The other has a tray with
text: cups of red liquid-thorazine.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Time to take you meds, Connor.
text: Sarah faces him, weight centered. Feral eyes darting from one to the
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You take it.
text: Douglas grins, casual --
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Now you know you got to be good 'cause you up
dialog: for review this afternoon...
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'm not taking it. Now I don't want any
dialog: trouble...
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Ain't no trouble at all --
text: He whips the baton in a whistling backhand, which --
text: WHAP! Takes her square in the stomach. She doubles over and drops
text: to her knees, unable to breathe. Douglas tips the bed and it slams
text: down with a crash, right new to her. He takes her stun wand from
text: the other attendant and walks forward.
text: TIGHT ON SARAH, grimacing and struggling to breathe.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You... son of a... AAARRGH!!
text: The stun wand hits her between shoulder blades as she tries to rise.
text: It drives her to the floor, pinning her like a bug. Little
text: ELECTRIC ARCS CRACKLE as the baton makes her writhe in pain.
text: Douglas grabs her by the hair and jerks her up to her knees. Holds
text: the cup of thorazine in front of her lips.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Last call, sugar.
text: Gasping, she chokes the zombie juice down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 24 EXT. BANK PARKING LOT - DAY
text: John furtively hunches before a Ready-Teller machine at the rear of
text: a local bank while his friend Tim stands lookout. John slips a
text: stolen ATM card into the machine slot. It is something he's rigged
text: up, because trailing from the card is ribbon-wire which goes to
text: some kind of black-box electronics unit he's got in his ever-present
text: knapsack. He holds the pack between his knees and pulls out a
text: little lap-top keyboard, which is also connected to the black-box.
text: John enters a few commands and the plasma-screen displays the PIN
text: number for that account. He quickly enters the number on the Ready-
text: Teller's keypad and asks it for 300 bucks. The machine whirs then
text: begins dispensing twenty-dollar bills. Tim looks back over his
text: shoulder amazed.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Easy money!
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Where'd you learn all this stuff?
text: John collects the twenties as the machine kicks them out. A cool and
text: professional electronic-age thief at ten years old.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: From my mom. My real mom, I mean. Come on
dialog: baby...
dialog: (he grabs the last bills)
dialog: Let's go!
text: They sprint around the corner to an --
scene_heading: 25 EXT. ALLEY BEHIND BANK
text: They huddle behind the building as John counts out Tim's share.
text: He folds five twenties and palms them to the other kid. When John
text: opens his wallet to put in his money, Tim notices a picture in a
text: plastic sleeve.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: That her?
text: John reluctantly shows his friend the Polaroid. It is a shot of
text: Sarah. Pregnant, in a jeep near the Mexican border. John doesn't
dialog: know it now, but he will carry the photo with him for over 30 years,
text: and give it to a young man named Kyle Reese, who will travel back in
dialog: time to become his father. Yes, that photo.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: So she's pretty cool, huh?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Actually, no, she's a complete psycho. That's
text: why she's up at Pescedero. She tries to blow up
text: a computer factory, but she got shot and arrested.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: No shit?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, she's a total loser. C'mon, let's check
dialog: out the 7-Eleven, whatya say?
text: John has tried to sound casual, but we see in his eyes that is really
text: hurts. He slaps Tim on the shoulder and they jump onto his Honda.
text: John fires up and they whine off down the alley.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 26 INT. POLICE CRUISER - DAY
text: CLOSE ON COMPUTER TERMINAL, attached to the dash. A Juvenile
text: Division file. Subject: John Connor. Below his ARREST RECORD are
text: his vital stats. Mother: Sarah Connor. Legal Guardians: Todd and
text: Janelle Voight. And below their names, an address: 523 S. Almond.
dialog: Reseda, Ca.
text: OFFICER X stares at the screen for a moment. Then gets out the car.
scene_heading: 27 INT./EXT. VOIGHT HOUSE - DAY
text: TIGHT ON FRONT DOOR as Todd Voight opens it, revealing the unsmiling
text: face of Officer X beyond the screen door. Todd greets him with a
text: weary sigh.
speaker_heading: OFFICER X
dialog: Are you the legal guardian of John Connor?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: That's right, officer. What's he done now?
text: Officer X ignores the question. He casually scans the living room.
speaker_heading: OFFICER X
dialog: Could I speak with him, please?
text: Todd shrugs, showing the cop he's past his patience with the boy.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Well, you could if he was here. Be he took off
dialog: on his bike this morning. Could be anywhere.
dialog: You gonna tell me what his is about?
speaker_heading: OFFICER X
dialog: I just need to ask him a few questions.
text: Janelle appears in the doorway behind Todd, concerned.
speaker_heading: JANELLE
dialog: There was a guy here this morning asking about
dialog: him, too.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Yeah, big guy. On a bike. Has that got
dialog: something to do with it?
text: Officer X registers the significance of that. He realizes who the
text: big guy must be. He smiles. Reassuringly shakes his head no.
speaker_heading: OFFICER X
dialog: I wouldn't worry. Do you have a photograph
dialog: of John?
text: Todd stares unhappily at the cop. Turns to Janelle.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Get the album, Janelle.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 28 EXT. STREET
text: ANGLE THROUGH AN ALLEY from the main street. We see John and Tim
text: flash by on the Honda a block away. Hold a beat. Then...
text: A BIG CHROME WHEEL ENTERS FRAME. BOOM UP a leather-clad leg to
text: Terminator's implacable face. It surveys the area slowly as the
text: bike idles, then kicks it into gear and moves on, scanning in a
text: slow shark-like manner, not aware that it missed its prey by
dialog: seconds.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 29 INT. SARAH'S CELL - DAY
text: CLOSE ON SARAH. She is shackled, hands and feet, to the bed.
text: Sunlight falls across her pale face. A hand enter frame, gently
text: stroking her cheek. She wakes up to see --
text: KYLE REESE. Sitting on the edge of her bed, looking exactly the
text: same as we last saw him in 1984. Scruffy blonde hair and a long
dialog: raincoat.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Kyle..? You're dead.
text: He gives her a gentle smile.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: I know. This is a dream, Sarah.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Oh. Yeah. They... make me take this stuff...
text: He puts a finger to her lips. Then silently unfastens her restraints.
text: They gaze into each other's eyes. And in the look that his death
text: and the horror she has been through since hasn't touched their love
dialog: at all.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hold me.
text: She melts into Reese's arms. Pulls him to her.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: I love you. I always will.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Oh, God... Kyle. I need you so much.
text: She kisses him passionately. They are locked together in a timeless
text: moment. PUSH IN TIGHT on Sarah as she buries her face in his
text: shoulder. She shuts her eyes tight. Stay on Sarah as Reese speaks.
text: He voice is strangely cold.
speaker_heading: REESE (O.S.)
dialog: Where's John, Sarah?
text: Sarah opens her eyes and he is no longer in her arms. He is standing
text: across the room. Pinning her with an accusing gaze.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: They took him from me.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: It's John who's the target now. You have to
text: protect him. He's wide open.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I know!
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Don't quit, Sarah. Our son need you.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (struggling not to cry)
dialog: I know, but I'm not as strong as I'm supposed
dialog: to be. I can't do it. I'm screwing up the
dialog: mission.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Remember the message... the future is not set.
dialog: There is not fate but what we make for ourselves.
text: He turns toward the door.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Kyle, don't go!
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (turning back to her)
dialog: There's not much time left in the world, Sarah.
text: Reese goes out the door. Sarah jumps from the bed, frantic. Yanks
text: the door open. Follow her out.
scene_heading: 30 INT. CORRIDOR
text: Sarah staggers from her cell. Reese is already, impossibly, a
text: hundred feet away, striding down the dim corridor. A silhouette
text: in a long coat, disappearing around a corner.
text: Sarah runs after him, her bare feet slapping the cold linoleum.
text: Her hospital gown floats out behind her as she dream-runs along the
text: seemingly infinite corridor. She reaches the corner, slides around
dialog: it, and...
text: 30A Slams right into the arms of Douglas and his three helpers. They
text: grab her as she struggles and screams. The Silberman is there,
text: smiling soothingly. They force her down and she is pinned to
text: the floor, screaming. A new figure approaches... one even more
dialog: menacing.
text: TERMINATOR walks toward her, with heavy measured steps. Backlit,
text: eyes concealed by the sunglasses, it stands over her like the angel
text: of death itself. It reaches down and...
text: Takes her hand. Lifts her up. Leads her to a door. They go through
text: together. Emerging into...
text: 30B A BEAUTIFUL SUNLIGHT MORNING. CHILDREN are playing nearby... sliding
text: down slides, clambering through a jungle gym. Sarah knows this
dialog: dream know... it's is the worst of all her nightmares. She starts
text: to scream but no sound comes out.
text: 30C THE SKY EXPLODES into WHITE LIGHT. Everything is seared by the unholy
text: glare, hotter than a thousand suns. The children ignite like
text: match heads. Sarah is burning, screaming silently, everything silent
text: and overexposed. Terminator's flesh and clothing are burning,
text: silently. It grips her hand, Virgil to her Dante in this tour of the
dialog: nuclear-age Inferno.
text: 30D THE BLAST WAVE HITS... a near-solid wall of compressed air followed
text: by 250-mph winds. The children, charcoal statues frozen in positions
text: of play, explode into black leaves of ash and swirl away. SOUND
text: hit now, with a thunderous roar. Sarah's scream merges with the
text: howl of the wind as the blast hits her, exploding the flesh from her
text: bones. Beside her, Terminator is stripped of its burnt flesh,
text: becoming a smoking skeleton of steel.
text: 30E Then she wake up... in her cell, shackled to the bed. Sunlight hurts
text: her eyes. She looks desperate and defeated. She knows the war is
text: coming. It visits her every time she closes her eyes. Lost and
text: alone, Sarah feels all hope recede for herself and for humanity.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 31 INT. PESCADERO STATE HOSPITAL - INTERVIEW ROOM
text: TIGHT ON VIDEO SCREEN, playing a previously-recorded session.
text: Sarah is in a strait-jacket, talking softly.
speaker_heading: VIDEO SARAH
text: ... it's... like a giant strobe light, burning
text: right through my eyes... but somehow I can still
dialog: see. Look, you know the dream's the same every
dialog: night, why do I have to --
speaker_heading: VIDEO SILBERMAN
dialog: Please continue...
text: 31A The REAL SARAH dispassionately watches herself on the screen. Her
text: expression is controlled. Silberman watches her watching. They are
text: in a brightly-lit interview room. TWO ATTENDANTS stands nearby.
speaker_heading: 31B VIDEO SARAH
text: The children look like burnt paper... black,
text: not moving. Then the blast wave hits them and
dialog: they fly apart like leaves..."
text: Video Sarah can't go on. Real Sarah watches herself cry on tape,
text: her expression cold. We hear Silberman speak on the tape.
speaker_heading: VIDEO SILBERMAN
dialog: Dreams about cataclysm, or the end of the world,
dialog: are very common, Sarah...
text: Video Sarah cuts him off, her mood shifting to sudden rage.
speaker_heading: VIDEO SARAH
dialog: It's not just a dream. It's real, you moron!
dialog: I know the date is happens!!
speaker_heading: VIDEO SILBERMAN
dialog: I'm sure it feels very real to you --
speaker_heading: VIDEO SARAH
dialog: On August 29th 1997 it's going to feel pretty
dialog: fucking real to you, too! Anybody not wearing
dialog: number two million sunblock in gonna have a
dialog: real bad day, get it?
speaker_heading: VIDEO SILBERMAN
dialog: Relax now, Sarah --
speaker_heading: VIDEO SARAH
dialog: You think you're alive and safe, but you're
dialog: already dead. Everybody, you, him...
dialog: (she gestures are the
dialog: attendant)
dialog: everybody... you're all fucking dead!
text: She is raving, half out of her chair. The orderly moves to inject
dialog: her with something.
speaker_heading: VIDEO SARAH
dialog: You're the one living in a dream, Silberman,
dialog: not me! Because I know it happens. It
dialog: happens!
text: 31C Silberman pauses the tape... freezing Sarah's contorted face.
text: Real Sarah turns away from the screen, he expression stony.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I was afraid... and confused. I feel much
dialog: better, now. Clearer.
text: Silberman gives a calculated paternal smile.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: Yes. Your attitude have been very positive
dialog: lately.
text: Sarah looks up at him. Her voice is hopeful.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It has helped me a lot to have a goal, something
dialog: to look forward to.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: And what it that?
text: As she answers, WE PULL BACK, revealing that we have been looking
text: through a one-way mirror from an adjacent OBSERVATION ROOM. In the
text: shadows of the observation room we see that interns from the
text: earlier rounds, and a couple of STAFF PSYCHOLOGISTS. They smoke and
dialog: make the occasional note.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You said I could be transferred to the minimum
dialog: security wing and have visitors if I showed
dialog: improvement in six months. Well, it's been six
dialog: months, and I was looking forward to seeing my
dialog: son.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: I see. Let's go back to what you were saying
dialog: about these terminator machines. Now you think
dialog: they don't exist?
text: CLOSE ON SARAH. Her voice sounds hollow.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: They don't exist. I see that now.
text: Silberman leans back, studying her. Toying with her.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: But you've told me on many occasions about how
dialog: you crushed one in a hydraulic press.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: If I had, there would have been some evidence.
dialog: They would have found something at the factory.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: I see. So you don't believe anymore that the
dialog: company covered it up?
text: Sarah shakes her head no.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 32 EXT. CYBERDYNE SYSTEMS - DAY
text: The corporate headquarters of a mega-electronic corporation. As
text: imposing cubist castle of black glass.
scene_heading: 33 INT. SECOND FLOOR/ELEVATORS
text: The elevator doors slide open with a whisper and MILES DYSON strides
text: out. Black. In his early thirties. The star of the Special
dialog: Projects Division. He's brilliant, aggressive, driven. Dyson walks
text: down the corridor, swinging his arms... a man in a hurry. A man
dialog: with much to do.
text: He reaches a solid security door and zips his ELECTRONIC KEY-CARD
text: through the scanner. The door unlocks with a clunk.
text: The sign next to the door reads: SPECIAL PROJECTS DIVISION:
scene_heading: AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY.
scene_heading: 34 INT. SECURITY STATION
text: He nods to the guards as he passes through the security checkpoint.
text: They can see all activities on the floor on their bank of monitors.
text: He unlocks another service door with his card and enters --
scene_heading: 35 INT. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (A.I.) LAB
text: The lab is quite large, comprising banks of processors, disk drives,
text: test bays, prototype assembly areas. Extremely high tech.
speaker_heading: DYSON
text: Greetings, troops.
text: He is jokingly saluted by fellow members. Not a lab coat in sight.
text: This is strictly jeans and sneakers crowd. All young and bright.
text: They sit at their consoles drinking Coke and changing technology as
text: we know it. A young LAB ASSISTANT rushes over to Dyson. Name tag
dialog: says he's BRYANT.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: Mr. Dyson? The material teams wants to run
dialog: another test on the uh... on it.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Yup. Come on. I'll get it.
text: Dyson produces an unusual-looking KEY from his pocket as they stride
text: through the lab. Bryant has to hustle to keep up.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: Listen, Mr. Dyson, I know I haven't been here
dialog: that long, but I was wondering if you could tell
dialog: me... I mean, if you know...
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Know what?
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: Well... where it came from.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: I asked them that question once. Know what
dialog: they told me? Don't ask.
scene_heading: 36 INT. VAULT ROOM
text: Dyson enters with Bryant. Dyson and a GUARD stand together before
text: what looks like a high-tech bank vault. It requires two keys to
text: open, like the launch controls in a nuclear silo. The guard and
text: Dyson insert their keys and turn them simultaneously. Dyson then
text: enters a passcode at a console and the vault unlocks itself with a
text: sequence of clunks. The door swings open and Dyson enters. Bryant
text: stays outside with the guard, who notes Dyson's name and item on a
text: clipboard.
scene_heading: 37 INT. VAULT
text: Dyson walks to a stainless steel cabinet and opens it. Inside is a
text: small artifact in a sealed container of inert gas. IT -- a ceramic
text: rectangle, about the size of a domino, the color of liver. It has
text: been shattered, painstakingly reconstructed and mounted on a metal
dialog: frame.
text: Dyson removes the artifact, it its insert-gas, and sets it on a
text: specially-designed cart. He handles it like the Turin Shroud.
text: Dyson closes the cabinet. Turns to the one next to it. Opens its
text: door. In this cabinet is a larger object... an intricate METAL HAND
scene_heading: AND FOREARM.
text: At the elbow, the metal is twisted and crushed. But the forearm and
text: hand are intact. Its metal surface scorched and discolored, it
text: stands upright in a vacuum flask, as if saluting. This is all that
text: remains of the terminator Sarah destroyed. Dyson stares at it, lost
text: in thought. The he closes the cabinet, BLACKING OUT FRAME.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 38 INT. INTERVIEW ROOM/OBSERVATION ROOM
text: We can see through the one-way mirror into the interview room where
text: Sarah is still talking with Silberman. The OTHER PSYCHOLOGISTS are
text: still watching through the mirror. Reviewing Sarah's condition.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: So what do you think, Doctor? I've shown a lot
dialog: of improvement, haven't I?
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: You see, Sarah... here's the problem. I know
dialog: how smart you are, and I think you're just
dialog: telling me what I want to hear. I don't think
dialog: you really believe who you've been telling me
dialog: today.
text: We go tight on Sarah's reaction. And we see that Silberman is right.
text: She was playing him and it didn't work. And she knows she's fucked.
text: Her tone becomes quite pleading.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You have to let me see my son. Please. It's
dialog: very important. He's in danger. At least let
dialog: me call him --
text: Silberman pins her with his sweet reptilian gaze.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: I'm afraid not. Not for a while. I don't see
dialog: any choice but to recommend to the review board
dialog: that you stay here another six months.
text: Sarah's eyes turn cold and lethal in one second. She knows she's
text: lost. She knows this guy is just playing with her, and she --
text: LEAPS ACROSS THE TABLE AT HIM.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: YOU SON OF A BITCH!!
text: Silberman jumps back and the attendants dive on her. She is writhing
text: and twisting like a bobcat. Silberman whips open a drawer and pulls
text: out a syringe. He jabs it into her and she yells --
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Goddammit. Let me go!! Silberman! You don't
dialog: know what you're doing! You fuck! You're dead!
dialog: You hear me!!
text: Silberman signals and the attendants drag her out.
text: He looks at the doctors behind the glass. Shrugs.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: Model citizen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 39 EXT. 7-ELEVEN STORE - DAY
text: Officer X has stopped two young girls in front of a 7-Eleven. He is
text: leaning out the cruiser window and showing them the picture of John.
text: The first girl nods.
speaker_heading: FIRST GIRL
dialog: Yeah, he was here about fifteen minutes ago. I
dialog: think he said he was going to the Galleria.
speaker_heading: OFFICER X
dialog: The what?
text: The second girl points toward a massive complex visible about the
text: houses several blocks away. Officer X stares at it.
scene_heading: 40 EXT. STREET
text: Terminator cruises slowly on the bike. Scanning. He crosses an
text: overpass above a drainage canal and whips his head around at the
text: sound of a dirt-bike engine.
text: 40A TERMINATOR POV -- OF TWO KIDS ON A BIKE DOWN IN THE CANAL.
text: THE IMAGE SNAP-ZOOMS IN. FREEZES ON THE DRIVER'S FACE.
text: "IDENT POS" FLASHES NEXT TO THE BLURRY IMAGE OF JOHN.
text: 40B Terminator wheel the Harley around, cutting onto a street which runs
text: parallel to the canal. Terminator hauls ass at keep John in sight.
text: He catches glimpses of the kid through trees and houses. Loses him.
text: Catches one last glimpse of him heading into the parking lot of a
text: large SHOPPING MALL.
scene_heading: 41 INT. GALLERIA - DAY
text: John works his way through a crowded video arcade. Sees some guys he
text: knows. Stops to talk, striking a pose. Mall rats in the element.
dialog: We don't hear the dialogue.
scene_heading: 42 INT. GALLERIA PARKING LOT
text: TERMINATOR'S idling Harley shakes the parking garage walls. He stops
text: at a row of bikes near the escalators. John's little Honda sits
text: proudly with the big street bikes. Terminator parks.
scene_heading: 43 INT. GALLERIA
text: OFFICER X is moving through the flow of shoppers. The place is a zoo.
text: He stops some kids and shows them the picture. They shrug.
text: 43A IN A CROWDED VIDEO ARCADE JOHN is lost in an intense battle, going for
text: a new high score at "Missile Command". He parries deftly at the enemy
text: ICBMs deploy their MIRVs... the warheads stream down... it's more than
text: he can deal with. The world gets nuked. Game over. He slouches
text: away from the game, looking for another. Bored.
text: RACK FOCUS to Officer X passing the entrance of the store behind him.
text: The cop moves on, down the concourse, out of sight.
text: John gets in an "Afterburner" simulator game.
text: 43B ON TERMINATOR, walking through the crowd in slow motion. Scanning.
text: He moves with methodical purpose, knowing the target is close. We
text: see that he is, incredibly, carrying a box of LONG-STEM ROSES. Like
text: some hopeful guy with a hot date.
text: 43C THE COP is pointed toward the arcade by come kids hanging out at the
text: multi-cinema. He walks into the maze of kids engaged in synthesized
text: combat. Cheap electronic effects blare above the crowd noise.
text: 43D JOHN is shooting down MiGs at Mach 2. His friend Tim slides up next
text: to him. Taps him on the shoulder, trying to play it cool.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Some cop is scoping for you, dude.
text: John looks around the corner of the "Afterburner" ride. Sees the cop
text: showing a picture to some of the kids. The kids point his way.
text: John ducks just as the cop glances over. He slinks out the other side
text: of the ride and heads for the back of the store, instinctively
text: retreating. Sarah has taught him that cops are bad news.
text: THE COP scans the crowded arcade. Glimpses John, looking back as he
text: moves around a row of machines. Starts toward him.
text: JOHN sees the cop homing in and starts walking fast. Looks back.
text: THE COP is shoving through clots of kids. One of them is slammed to
text: the floor. As eddy of outrage behind the cop as he gains speed.
text: John breaks into run. So does the cop.
text: Kids scatter like ten-pins as the cop charges after John.
text: John sprints through the arcade's back officer and store-rooms.
scene_heading: 44 INT. SERVICE CORRIDOR
text: John emerges through a firedoor into a long corridor with connects
text: to the parking garage. He's running full out, when around the corner
text: ahead of him comes...
text: TERMINATOR. Time stretches to nightmarish crawl as John tries to
text: brake to a stop. Terminator reaches into the box of roses.
text: SLOW MOTION. The cold back steel of the SHOTGUN emerges at the box
text: falls open, the roses spilling to the floor. TERMINATOR'S BOOT
text: crushes the flowers as it moves forward.
text: JOHN, transfixed by terror, is trapped in the narrow featureless
text: shooting gallery of the corridor. THE SHOTGUN COMES UP. Terminator
text: expressionlessly strides forward. Jacks a round into the chamber,
text: slow and fluid.
text: John looks behind him for a place to run. Sees the cop coming toward
text: him, pulling his Beretta pistol. Incredibly, John realizes the cop
text: is aiming his gun at him!
text: John looks back at Terminator. He is starting into the black muzzle
text: of the 10-gauge now. Aimed right at his head. He realizes he's
dialog: screwed. Then something crazy happens...
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Get down.
text: John instinctively ducks. Terminator pulls the trigger. KABOOM!
text: THE COP catches the SHOTGUN'S BLAST square in the chest just as he
text: fires the pistol. The pistol's shot goes wild.
text: TERMINATOR pumps another round into him. The another. And another.
text: Advancing a step each time he fires, he empties the shotgun into the
text: cop, blowing his backward down the corridor. The sound is DEAFENING.
dialog: Then silence.
text: THE COP lies still on his back.
text: 44A Terminator is now standing right over John. They both watch as the
text: cop, incredibly, sits up unharmed and gets to his feet. Terminator
text: grabs John roughly by his jacket. Clutches the kid to his chest
text: then spins around at the cop opens fire with the Beretta.
text: 44B The "cop", who not only isn't a cop, he clearly isn't even human,
text: pulls the trigger so fast it almost seems like a machine-pistol.
text: ON TERMINATOR'S BACK, as the 9mm slugs slam into it, punching bloody
text: holes in the motorcycle jacket.
text: JOHN is bug-eyed with fear, but completely unscratched. Terminator's
text: body has blocked the bullets.
text: The Beretta CLACKS empty. Terminator turns at the sound.
text: Shoves John behind a Coke machine. Drops the empty shotgun. Starts
text: walking toward the "cop".
text: The empty magazine clatters to the floor.
text: The cop inserts another one. Snaps back the slide.
text: Terminator still has twenty feet to go.
text: He doesn't break his purposeful stride.
text: The cop opens fire. Bullets rake Terminator's chest. He doesn't
dialog: even flinch.
text: Ten feet to go. BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM! Neither the cop nor Terminator
text: show the slightest change in expression as the gun rips Terminator's
text: wardrobe to shreds.
text: CLACK. The pistol empties again. Terminator stops two feet in front
text: of the cop. The appraise each other for a second.
dialog: We realize now that the cop is a terminator too. We don't know the
dialog: details yet, but let's call him the T-1000 (since that's what he is).
dialog: A newer model than the one we've come to know so well (the 800
dialog: Series "Arnold"). This guy's a prototype... and he's got quite a
dialog: few surprises.
text: T-1000 AND TERMINATOR size each other up. Terminator moves first.
text: He grabs T-1000 in his massive hands but the T-1000 snaps back with a
text: counter-grip. After about two seconds of intense slamming, the walls
text: on both sides of the corridor have all the plaster smashed in, and
text: the two battling machines have blasted through the wall and
dialog: disappeared.
text: JOHN, totally stunned by all this, remembers to move. He staggers to
text: his feet. Stumble-runs toward the parking garage.
text: 44C THIRD LEVEL CONCOURSE. A plate glass window EXPLODES and Terminator
text: crashes through to the tile floor like a sack of cement amid the
text: screaming crowd.
text: 44D T-1000 turns without a word and heads back through the store after
text: John, accelerating slowly into a loping, predatory run.
text: 44E Terminator is totally still. A JAPANESE TOURIST cautiously steps
text: forward and takes a picture of the body. Suddenly, Terminator's
text: eyes snap open. The stunned tourist backs away.
text: He sits up and looks around. Gets his bearings. Rises smoothly to
text: his feet. All servos seem to be working fine. The tourist's camera
text: whirs as the motor-drive runs on by itself, taking shot after show.
text: The owner isn't even looking through the eyepiece, he's so shocked.
scene_heading: 45 INT. PARKING GARAGE
text: John is frantically pumping the kick-start of his bike, scared
text: shitless and the damned thing won't start. His hands are shaking so
text: badly he can't find the choke. He looks up to see --
text: The T-1000 running down the corridor toward him.
text: John fumbles with the choke. The bike catches. He slams it in gear
text: and spins the bike out into the main aisle of the garage.
text: John looks back... the T-1000 is behind him, running. He twists the
text: throttle and guns the little bike forward. Incredibly, the T-1000
text: is gaining. This nightmare isn't happening. John races out the exit
text: ramp, and charges right into the street.
scene_heading: 46 EXT. STREET
text: John shoots into the busy traffic. Cuts off a BIG-RIG TOW TRUCK.
text: The DRIVER swears. Hits his air horn. What the driver doesn't see
text: is the cop, running faster than O.J. Simpson at the airport, who
text: emerges onto the street and runs back at his truck.
text: 46A IN THE TRUCK. The driver hears a thump as something slams against his
text: door, then feels himself pulled right out. T-1000 slides in and
text: takes his place. The truck is still rolling along about 25 mph.
text: T-1000 accelerates after John without missing a beat. It can see him,
text: up ahead, weaving through traffic.
text: 46B Out of the garage entrance, Terminator roars onto the street on the
dialog: Harley.
text: He accelerates after the others.
scene_heading: 47 EXT. FLOOD CONTROL CHANNEL
text: John slides his bike down the service ramp faster than he's ever done
text: it before. He races along the bottom of the canal, turning into a
text: narrower tributary which has vertical sides.
text: He looks back. No sign of pursuit.
text: 47A Suddenly he sees the sun blocked out by a great shadow.
text: The Kenworth tow-truck... big as a house, all chrome and roaring
text: diesel engine... crashes through the fence and launches itself right
text: into the center of the canal.
text: It crashes down, 15 feet to the ground, going about 60, hits at an
text: angle and tears into the concrete wall with a hideous grinding of
text: metal. It ricochets back and forth between the walls then, bellowing
text: like a gunshot stegosaurus, it just keep on plowing forward, gathering
dialog: speed.
text: 47B John looks back and sees this wall of metal almost filling the narrow
text: concrete canal and he milks every last bit of throttle the little bike
text: has. The Kenworth is all muscle, tearing along the canal like a train
text: in a tunnel. Its big tires send up huge sheets of muddy spray,
text: backlit in the setting sun. It looks like some kind of demon. And...
text: it's gaining.
text: 47C ABOVE THEM, on the service road running parallel, Terminator is
text: fighting to overtake them. He looks down and sees John with the tow-
text: truck from Hell catching up to him. It is only about twenty feet
text: behind him and still gaining.
text: 47D ANGLE IN THE CANAL, looking back past a desperate John, at the wall
text: of metal filling frame behind him.
text: 47E ABOVE, Terminator cuts the bike suddenly hard to the left, leaving the
text: road. Hitting an earth embankment just right, he jumps the bike into
text: the air like Steve McQueen in "The Great Escape" and vaults the fence
text: bordering the canal. It slams down at the edge of the canal and tears
text: along, inches from the drop-off on a dirt path, accelerating past the
text: truck in the canal below.
text: 47F John hits some water and slews momentarily, loosing speed. The
text: massive push-plate on the front of the truck slams into his back
text: fender. Panicked, he pulls a little ahead. All this is happening at
text: about sixty miles and hour. Top speed for the little dirt bike.
text: 47G SLOW MOTION as Terminator jumps the bike again. This time the 700-
text: pound Harley sails out into space and drops into the canal. It arcs
text: down between the truck and John, hitting on its wheels. It bottoms
text: out, an explosion of sparks under the frame. Only the ultra-fast
text: reflexes of a machine could keep the bike upright. Terminator fights
dialog: for control.
text: 47H He guns the throttle and the powerful bike roars up beside John's tiny
dialog: Honda.
text: Terminator sweeps the kid off his machine with one arm and swings him
text: onto the Harley, in front of him. John's Honda weaves and falls,
text: smashing instantly under thundering tires.
text: The Harley roars ahead. It hits eighty. Ahead is an overpass, and
text: supporting it is an abutment which bisects the canal into two
text: channels. The Harley thunders into one channel, which is essentially
text: a short tunnel.
text: 47I The truck can't fit on either side. Neither can it stop, at that
text: speed. Tires locked, it slides on the muddy concrete and piles into
text: the concrete abutment at seventy.
text: 47J Terminator and John emerge from the tunnel, looking back to see a
text: fireball blasting through behind them as the truck's side-tanks
dialog: explode.
text: Terminator stops the Harley. John peers around his body to see the
text: destruction. A burning wheel wobbles out of the tunnel and flops in
text: the mud. Terminator revs the bike and they roar away, down the canal,
text: disappearing around a bend.
text: 47K ANGLE ON THE FIRE, as a column of black smoke rises from the overpass.
text: Smoke boils from the tunnel as well, and inside it is a solid wall of
text: flame. A figure appears in the fire.
text: Just an outline. Walking slowly... calmly.
text: The figure emerges from the flames.
text: It is human-shaped but far from human. A smooth chrome man. Not a
text: servo-mechanism like Terminator is underneath, with its complex
text: hydraulics and cables... this thing is a featureless, liquid chrome
text: surface, bending seamlessly at knees and elbows as it walks. It
text: reminds us of mercury. A mercury man. Its face is simple, unformed.
text: Unruffled by thousand-degree heat, it walks toward us.
text: With each step detail returns.
text: First the shape and lines of its clothing emerge from the liquid
text: chrome surface, then finer details... buttons, facial features,
dialog: ears...
text: 47K But it's still al chrome. With its last step, the color returns to
text: everything. It is the cop again... handsome young face, blond hair,
text: mustache. Icy eyes. It stops and looks around.
text: It is a perfect chameleon. A liquid metal robot. A killing machine
text: with the ultimate skills of mimicry for infiltration of human society.
text: 47L ANGLE NEARBY, as several police cruisers and a fire truck pull up.
text: T-1000 climbs out of the canal behind them. More cops arrive. T-1000
text: blends in perfectly. There are always cops at diasters and scenes of
dialog: violence. We now see why its choice of protective mimicry is so
dialog: perfect.
text: It walks among the other cops unnoticed.
text: Gets into one of the squad cars. Starts it and drives away.
scene_heading: 48 EXT. SIDE STREET - NIGHT
text: Terminator, with John in front of him on the Harley, roars down the
text: empty street. John cranes his neck around to get a look at the
text: person/thing he is riding with. The image is strangely reminiscent
text: of father/son, out for an evening ride.
text: John is still in shock from the experience of what just happened and
dialog: he's just a ten-year kid, but he's also John Connor who will someday
dialog: rise to greatness, and we see a bit of that in him even know.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Whoa... time out. Stop the bike!
text: Terminator immediately complies. He leans the bike into a turn.
text: They head into a nearby alley.
scene_heading: 49 EXT. ALLEY
text: Terminator and John rolls into the alley and come to a stop. John
text: slides off the gas tank. Terminator impassively stares at him. John
text: checks him out. Tentatively speaks.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Now don't take this the wrong way, but you are
dialog: a terminator, right?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Yes. Cyberdyne Systems, Model 101.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No way!
text: John touches Terminator's skin. Then the blood on his jacket.
text: His mind overloads as the reality of it hits him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Holy shit... you're really real! I mean...
dialog: whoah!
dialog: (stepping back)
dialog: You're, uh... like a machine underneath, right...
dialog: but sort of alive outside?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I'm a cybernetic organism. Living tissue over
text: a metal endoskeleton.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: This in intense. Get a grip, John. Okay, uh...
dialog: you're not here to kill me... I figured that part
dialog: out for myself. So what's the deal?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: My mission is to protect you.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah? Who sent you?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: You did. Thirty years from now you reprogrammed
dialog: me to be your protector here, in this time.
text: John gives him an amazed look.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: This is deep.
scene_heading: 50 EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: John and Terminator on the bike again, weaving through the side
text: streets. They blend into the evening traffic. In the darkness,
text: Terminator's wounds are not readily visible. John cranes his head up
dialog: and back.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So this other guy? He's a terminator too,
dialog: right, like you?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Not like me. A T-1000. Advanced prototype.
text: A mimetic polyalloy.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Liquid metal.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Radical.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: You are targeted for termination. The T-1000
dialog: will not stop until it complete its mission.
dialog: Ever.
text: John mulls that over.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Where we going?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: We have to leave the city, immediately. And
dialog: avoid the authorities.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Can I stop by my house?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Negative. The T-1000 will definitely try to
dialog: reacquire you there.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I would.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 51 EXT. PAYPHONE
text: John is quickly going through his pockets for change. He has plenty
dialog: of bills but no quarters.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look, Todd and Janelle are dicks but I gotta
dialog: warn them. Shit! You got a quarter?
text: Terminator reaches past John and smashes the cover plate off the
text: phone's cash box with the heel of his hand. A shower of change
text: tumbles out. Terminator hands one to John. John dials.
scene_heading: 52 INT. VOIGHT HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Janelle Voight picks up the kitchen phone and cradles it with her
text: shoulder which she continues to chop vegetables with a large knife.
text: She answers sweetly.
speaker_heading: JANELLE
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (filtered through phone)
dialog: Janelle? It's me.
text: In the backyard, John's German Shepherd is going bonkers, barking at
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: JANELLE
dialog: John? Where are you, honey? It's late. You
dialog: should come home, dear. I'm making a casserole.
text: AT THE PAYPHONE. John listens, an odd look on his face. He covers
text: the phone's mouthpiece and turns to Terminator.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Something's wrong. She's never this nice.
text: IN THE VOIGHTS' KITCHEN. Todd comes through the kitchen's back door.
text: Just home from work. He ignores Janelle and opens the fridge. Grabs
text: a carton of milk. Takes a sip. Frowns at the dog's barking.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: What the hell's the goddamn dog barking at?
dialog: SHUT UP, YOU MUTT!
text: TIGHT ON JANELLE as Todd growls around the kitchen behind her. He
text: passes OUT OF FRAME next to her. Janelle switches the phone to her
text: other hand then... THUNK! Her free hand seems to do something out of
text: frame. There is a gurgling, and the sound of liquid dribbling onto
dialog: the floor. (Don't go away. We'll find out what happened in a moment)
speaker_heading: AT THE PAYPHONE
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: The dog's really barking. Maybe it's already
dialog: there. What should I do?
text: Terminator takes the phone from John's hand. Janelle's voice is
text: floating through the receiver.
speaker_heading: JANELLE
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: John? John, are you okay?
text: Terminator speaks into the phone in a perfect imitation of John's
dialog: voice...
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: (in John's voice)
dialog: I'm right here. I'm fine.
dialog: (to John, a whisper)
dialog: What's the dog's name?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Max.
text: Terminator nods. Speaks into the phone.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Hey, Janelle, what's wrong with Wolfy? I can
text: hear him barking. Is he okay?
speaker_heading: JANELLE
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Wolfy's fine, honey. Where are you?
text: Terminator unceremoniously hangs up the phone. Turns to John.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Your foster parents are dead. Let's go.
text: Terminator heads for the bike. John, shocked, stares after him.
scene_heading: 53 INT. VOIGHT HOUSE/KITCHEN
text: Janelle hangs up the phone. Her expression is neutral. Calm.
text: PAN OVER along her arm, which is stretched out straight from the
text: shoulder. Partway along its length her arm has turned smoothly into
text: something else... a metal cylinder which tapers into a sword-like
text: spike. Now we see Todd Voight PINNED TO A KITCHEN CABINET by the
text: spike which has punched through his milk carton, through his mouth
text: and exits the back of his head into the cabinet door. His eyes are
text: glassy and lifeless.
text: The spike is withdrawn -- SWIISHHTT! -- so rapidly, Todd is actually
text: standing there a second before he slumps out of sight. THUMP.
text: 53A Janelle doesn't bat an eye as the spike smoothly changes shape and
text: color, transforming back into a hand, and then...
text: 53B JANELLE CHANGES rapidly into the COP we now know as the T-1000. The
text: change has liquid quality. T-1000 opens the back door.
scene_heading: 54 EXT. VOIGHT HOUSE/BACKYARD - NIGHT
text: T-1000 approaches the big German Shepherd, which slinks away from it,
text: barking in fear. T-1000 walk right into CLOSE UP. Reaches down, OUT
text: OF FRAME. We hear that sickening THUNK followed by a shrill YELP.
text: Then T-1000's hand snaps up INTO FRAME holding a bloody dog collar.
text: The tag reads "MAX".
text: T-1000 nods thoughtfully. Heads back to the house.
scene_heading: 55 EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Dark. Off a quiet street. Terminator stands near the Harley,
text: watching John pace before him. John's brain is calling time-out.
dialog: This is all too weird.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I need a minute here, okay? You're telling me
dialog: it can imitate anything it touches?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Anything it samples by physical contact.
text: John thinks about that, trying to grasp their opponent's parameters.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Like it could disguise itself as anything...
dialog: a pack of cigarettes?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: No. Only an object of equal size.
text: John's still reeling from meeting one terminator, which now seems
text: downright conventional next to the exotic new model.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well, why doesn't become a bomb or something to
dialog: get me?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: It can't form complex machines. Guns and
text: explosives have chemicals, moving parts. It
dialog: doesn't work that way. But it can form solid
text: metal shapes.
scene_heading: 56 INT. VOIGHT HOUSE - NIGHT
text: T-1000 walks down the dark hall. It passes the bathroom and we see
text: the real Janelle's legs through the half-open door. The shower is
text: running. Her blood mixes with water on the white tile floor.
text: 56A In John's bedroom the T-1000 begins searching methodically in the
dialog: dark.
text: Calmly and dispassionately ripping the room apart for any clues that
text: could lead it to its target. T-1000 finds a box of audio cassettes
text: marked "Messages from Mom". In it are some letters, and envelopes
text: filled with snapshots. It begins looking through some of the
dialog: photos...
text: SHOT OF JOHN AND SARAH during the missing years. Sarah in olive
text: cammos with an RPG 7 grenade launcher, teaching John how to aim.
text: Sarah with a group of military-clad Guatemalan men, standing next to
text: cases of Stinger missiles. John and Sarah in a Contra camp, deep in
dialog: the mountains.
scene_heading: 57 EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: John is now sitting on the curb, lost in stunned thought. Terminator
text: stands above him, watching the street like a Doberman. He glances
text: down at John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We spent a lot of time in Nicaragua... places
dialog: like that. For a while she was with this crazy
dialog: ex-Green Beret guy, running guns. Then there
dialog: were some other guys. She'd shack up with
dialog: anybody she could learn from. So then she
dialog: could teach me how to be this great military
dialog: leader. Then she gets busted and it's like...
dialog: sorry kid, your mom's a psycho. Didn't you
dialog: know? It's like... everything I'd been brought
dialog: up to believe was just made-up fantasy, right?
dialog: I hated her for that.
dialog: (he looks up)
dialog: But everything she said was true.
dialog: (he stands)
dialog: We gotta get her out of there.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Negative. The T-1000's highest probability for
dialog: success now would be to copy Sarah Connor and
dialog: wait for you to make contact with her.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh, great. And what happens to her?
text: Terminator's reply is matter-of-fact.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Typically, the subject being copied is
dialog: terminated.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: TERMINATED!? Shit! Why didn't you tell me?
dialog: We gotta right now!
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Negative. She is not a mission priority.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, well fuck you, she's a priority to me!
text: John strides away. Terminator goes after him and grabs him arm.
text: John struggles against the grip. Which doesn't do him much good.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hey, goddammit! What's your problem?
text: Starts dragging John back to the bike. John spots a couple of
text: collage-age slab-o-meat JOCK-TYPES across the street and starts
text: yelling to them.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Help! HELP!! I'm being kidnapped! Get this
dialog: psycho off of me!
text: The TWO JOCKS start toward him. John yells in outrage to Terminator.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Let go of me!!
text: To his surprise, Terminator's hand opens so fast John falls right on
text: his butt.
text: He looks up at the open hand.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oww! Why'd you do that?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: You told me to.
text: John stares at him in amazement as he realizes...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You have to do what I say?!
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: That is one of my mission parameters.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Prove it... stand on one foot.
text: Terminator expressionlessly lifts one leg.
text: John grins. He's the first on his block...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Cool! My own terminator. This is great!
text: The two guys get there and look at Terminator standing there calmly
text: with one leg up in the air. This big guy in black leather and dark
text: glasses, standing like a statue.
speaker_heading: FIRST JOCK
dialog: Hey, kid. You okay?
text: John turns to him. No longer needing to be rescued.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Take a hike, bozo.
speaker_heading: FIRST JOCK
dialog: Yeah? Fuck you, you little dipshit.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Dipshit? Did you say dipshit?!
dialog: (to Terminator)
dialog: Grab this guy.
text: Terminator complies instantly, hoisting him one-handed by the collar.
text: the guy's legs are pinwheeling.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Now who's the dipshit, you jock douchebag?
text: Immediately, things get out of hand. The guy's friend jumps behind
text: Terminator and tries to grab him in a full nelson --
text: Terminator throws the first guy across the hood of a car --
text: Grabs the second by the hair, whips out his .45 in a quick blur, and
text: aims the muzzle at the guy's forehead.
text: John grabs Terminator's arm with a yell as he pulls the trigger --
text: John's weight is just enough to deflect the gun a few inches. The
text: guy flinches, stunned by the K-BOOM next to his ear. He stares,
text: shocked. Pissing himself. John is freaking out, too.
text: He screams at Terminator.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Put the gun down! NOW!!
text: Terminator sets the .45 on the sidewalk. John scoops it up fast then
text: turns to the shocked civilians, who can't believe what just happened.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Walk away.
text: They do. Fast. John grabs Terminator by the arm and tugs him toward
text: the bike. John still holds the gun, reluctant to give it back.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Jesus... you were gonna kill that guy!
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Of course. I'm a terminator.
text: John stares at him. Having your own terminator just became a little
dialog: bit less fun to him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Listen to me, very carefully, okay? You're not
dialog: a terminator any more. Alright? You got that?
dialog: You can't just go around killing people!
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Whattaya mean, why? 'Cause you can't!
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You just can't, okay? Trust me on this.
text: Terminator doesn't get it. John just stares at him. Frightened at
text: what just almost happened. He gets a glimpse of the responsibility
text: that comes with power. Finally he hands the .45 back to Terminator,
text: who puts it away.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look, I'm gonna go get my mom. You wanna come
dialog: along, that's fine with me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 58 INT. VOIGHT HOUSE/BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: T-1000 finds an envelope... a letter from Sarah to John sent since
text: she's been at Pescadero State Hospital. It reads the return address
text: on the envelope. It has what it needs. It picks up a tape player
text: and the battered shoebox full of Sarah's tapes and exits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: 59 CLOSE ON A BLACK &amp; WHITE PHOTOGRAPH. The image is a nightmare from
text: the past. It is a surveillance camera still-frame from the L.A.
dialog: police station where the first terminator made such an impression in
text: 1984. We see the blurry forms of the cop frozen in the emergency
text: lights of a burning corridor.
text: A black-clad figure stands at the end of the corridor. The guy has
text: short-cropped hair and dark glasses. An AR-80 assault rifle in one
text: hand, and a 12-gauge in the other -- holding them both like toy
dialog: pistols.
text: ANOTHER PHOTO is slapped on top of the first. Another still-frame
text: blow-up is placed over the last. Terminator looms in CLOSEUP.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE WEATHERSBY (O.S.)
dialog: These were taken at the West Highland police
dialog: station in 1984. You were there.
dialog: WIDER. We're in --
scene_heading: 59A INT. INTERVIEW ROOM/PESCADERO - NIGHT
text: The photos are lying on the table in front of Sarah, placed there by
text: DETECTIVE WEATHERSBY. His partner DET. MOSSBERG, and Dr. Silberman,
text: sit at the table as well. Two uniformed cops, plus Douglas, stand by
text: the door. Sarah stares listlessly at the top photo. She's
text: withdrawn, haggard... drugged-looking.
speaker_heading: MOSSBERG
text: He killed seventeen police officers that night.
dialog: Recognize him?
text: Weathersby slaps another black-and-white eight-by-ten on the table.
text: A closeup of Terminator taken by the Japanese tourist at the mall.
text: It's the same face.
speaker_heading: MOSSBERG
text: This one was taken by a Japanese tourist today.
text: Sarah doesn't react. It's hard to tell she's thinking. Whether she's
text: up hope or is just in a drugged stupor.
speaker_heading: WEATHERSBY
dialog: Ms. Connor, you've been told that your son's
text: missing. His foster parents have been murdered,
dialog: and we know this guy's involved. Talk to us.
dialog: Don't you care?
text: Sarah stares up at him. A cold and empty stare. He glances at
dialog: Silberman.
text: Then at his partner.
speaker_heading: MOSSBERG
dialog: We're wasting out time.
text: One of the uniformed cops opens the door and Mossberg strides into
text: the hall. Weathersby and the two uniforms follow him out, with
text: Silberman right behind.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: Sorry, gentleman...
text: TIGHT ON SARAH, slumped under the bright lights. Totally out of it.
text: Then we see her hand, creeping along the edge of the table toward the
text: stack of photos. She slips off the paper clip binding the stills
text: together, and hides it between her fingers. Douglas jerks her up by
text: the arms and leads her out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 60 INT. SARAH'S CELL
text: Douglas inches up the last of Sarah's restraints. Then her leans
text: over her... looking down. Even wrecked as she is, we see the beauty
text: in her face. He bends down. We think he's going to kiss her.
text: Instead he runs his tongue across her face like a dog would. She
text: seems not to even see him. Her dull eyes past him. He can't
text: provoke a reaction. Even here, strapped down, the two of them alone,
text: she give him no superiority. He smirks and leaves. We hear the
text: sound of his night-stick tapping its way down the corridor, growing
dialog: fainter.
text: Sarah's eyes snap suddenly alert. There is intensity and resolve in
text: them. She slips the paper clip out from between her fingers and
text: awkwardly spreads it open into a straight piece of wire. With slow,
text: painful concentration she moves it toward the lock of the restraints
text: that bind her wrists to the bed at her sides.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 61 EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
text: Terminator and John charge through the night on the Harley.
text: Streetlights flare past them like comets. Two serious guys with a
text: mission. One a ten-year old kid, the other a half-man/half-machine
text: cyborg from the post-Apocalyptic future.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 62 INT. SARAH'S CELL
text: TIGHT ON RESTRAINT LOCK as it unlatches... successfully picked by
dialog: Sarah's paper clip. This is not an easy thing to do. But Sarah
dialog: taught herself a lot of things in her years of hiding.
text: SARAH, her hands free, sits up and releases the Velcro straps on her
text: feet. She rolls off the bed and we see her in a whole new light.
text: She is totally alert, almost feral in her movements.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 63 EXT. HOSPITAL ENTRANCE
text: GUARD SHACK. A bored security guard glances up as an LAPD black-and-
text: white pulls up. He raises the barricade and nods at the T-1000/cop
text: as it passes.
text: THE CRUISER pulls in next to the other police vehicles. The T-1000
text: walks toward the main entrance.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 64 INT. SARAH'S CELL/CORRIDOR
text: Sarah is using the paper clip on the door lock. She hears an echoing
text: tapping sound. It's getting louder, coming her way. She goes back
text: to work on the lock.
text: 65 IN THE CORRIDOR. Douglas the attendant is tapping his stick along
text: the wall like he does every night on his rounds. He shines a little
text: mag-light in the windows of the cells as he passes, barely slowing.
text: 65A He rounds the corner. His footsteps echo in the dark hallway.
text: The tip of the stick hits the wall.
text: Tap, tap, tap... getting closer to Sarah's cell. He stops at the
text: door. He is about to shine his light in when he notices that a
text: utility closet across the hall is open. He goes to shut it,
text: absently flicking his light into the dark closet. He notices
text: something strange among the buckets and cleaning supplies. A mop lies
text: on the floor, with its handle snapped off about halfway up. The
text: other half is missing.
text: Douglas ponders this for half a second, then hears a SOUND behind him
text: and spins around. The sound he heard was Sarah's cell door.
text: The missing two feet of MOP HANDLE fill his vision as it CRACKS
text: viciously across the bridge of his nose.
text: 250 pounds of doughy attendant hit the floor like a sack of cement.
text: Sarah slams the makeshift baton down expertly across the back of his
text: head, bouncing him off the linoleum. Lights out, Douglas.
text: She drags him into her cell and locks him in with his own keys. Then
text: swaps her mop-handle for his nice heavy night-stick.
text: 65B Sarah moves down the dark corridor, cat-stepping in her bare feet.
text: She holds the baton like a pro, laid back along the forearm, police-
text: style. She looks dangerous.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 66 INT. HOSPITAL ENTRANCE/CORRIDOR
text: A long corridor ends at a reception area, which is closed, and a
text: NIGHT RECEIVING DESK, which is a glass window where they can buzz you
text: in through a heavy door. A NIGHT NURSE types at a desk nearby. She
text: looks up at the sound of footsteps and sees a young cop (T-1000)
text: walking toward her.
speaker_heading: T-1000
dialog: You have a Sarah Connor here?
text: She assumes he's with the other cops. Smiles.
speaker_heading: NIGHT NURSE
dialog: Running late, aren't you?
text: She turns to the inner door to buzz him in and sees Silberman and the
text: cops coming toward the door from the other side.
speaker_heading: NIGHT NURSE
dialog: Your friends are on their way out now...
text: When she turns back to the window, T-1000's no longer there. She
text: goes to the counter and leans out to see if he's at the drinking
text: fountain or someplace. No. Reception is empty. And so is the long
text: corridor beyond. She frowns. Too weird.
text: 66A Silberman comes through the solenoid door with Mossberg and
text: Weathersby, the two uniformed cops, and the hospital security guard.
text: The guard retrieves his 9mm pistol from a lock-out box behind the
text: night desk. Silberman faces him.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: Lewis, see these gentleman out and them lock
dialog: up for the night.
text: The security guard nods. Silberman goes back into the secure area of
text: the hospital and the cops walk down the long corridor to the main
text: doors. No sign of T-1000. Mossberg and the other cops exit, and
text: the guard locks the door behind them.
text: 66B The guard walks slowly back along the long corridor. The hall is
text: dark, with the light at the night desk far ahead like a sanctuary.
text: His footsteps ring hollowly on the tile floor. His keys jingle.
text: 66C ANGLE ON FLOOR as the guard's feet pass through FRAME. An instant
text: later the floor starts to move.
text: It shivers and bulges upward like a liquid mass, still retaining the
text: two-tone checkerboard of the tile. It hunches up silently into a
text: quivering shadow in the darkness past the guard.
text: 66D Up ahead we hear typing. The night nurse has her back to us, working.
text: The guard stops as the drinking fountain. Bends to take a sip.
text: Behind him the fluid mass as reaches six feet of height and begins to
text: resolve rapidly into a human figure. It loses the color and texture
text: of the tile and becomes... THE GUARD.
text: T-1000's mass has been spread out a quarter of an inch thick over
text: several square yards of floor. The guard walked over the T-1000, and
dialog: his structure was sampled that instant. Now we see it drawing in and
text: pulling up to form the figure of the guard.
text: The T-1000/Guard's feet are the last to form, the last of the "liquid
text: floor" pulling in to form shiny black guard shoes. The shoes detach
text: with a faint sucking sound from the real floor as the T-1000/Guard
text: takes its first step.
text: 66E The real guard spins at the sound of footsteps to see... himself.
text: He has one deeply disturbing moment to consider the ramifications of
text: that. Then he sees his double calmly raise its hand and,
text: inexplicably, points his right index finger directly at the real
text: guard's face, about a foot away. In a split second, the finger
text: spears out, elongating into a thin steel rod which snaps out like a
text: stiletto, slamming into the guard's eye.
text: It punches into the corner of the eye, past the eyeball like a trans-
text: orbital lobotomy tool, and emerges from the back of the guard's skull.
text: Life quietly empties from the guard's face. He is dead weight,
text: hanging from the rod/finger with suddenly reacts -- SSSNICK. As the
text: guard slumps, the T-1000 takes his weight easily with one hand and
text: walks him, like it's carrying a suit on a hanger, back toward the
text: night desk. The wounds are so tiny, no blood drips onto the floor.
text: 66F ON THE NIGHT NURSE, glancing up as the T-1000/Guard walks past,
text: dragging something casually which she can't see because it's below
text: the countertop.
speaker_heading: NIGHT NURSE
dialog: Whatcha got, Lewis?
speaker_heading: T-1000/GUARD
dialog: Just some trash.
text: She nods, uninterested. Keeps typing. T-1000 moves past, dragging
text: the unseen guard toward a closet down the hall from the night
text: receiving station. T-1000/Guard removes the Browning High-Power
text: pistol and the keys from the real guard's belt, then stuffs the body
text: into the utility closet.
scene_heading: 66G INT. CORRIDOR/NIGHT RECEIVING DESK
text: T-1000/Guard comes back out and glances at the nurse.
speaker_heading: T-1000/GUARD
dialog: All set.
text: She glances toward it. Sees the Beretta in its holster.
speaker_heading: NIGHT NURSE
dialog: Gotta check the gun first, Lewis.
speaker_heading: T-1000/GUARD
dialog: Yeah, sorry.
text: T-1000 opens the locker and blocks it from her view with its body as
text: it mimes putting the gun in.
text: 66H CLOSE ANGLE ON T-1000'S CHEST, from inside the locker. Instead of
text: setting the gun in the locker, it inserts the pistol into it own
text: chest, where is disappears inside like it was dropped into a pot of
text: hot fudge. It withdraws its hand. The chest is once again a surface
dialog: that looks like cloth, buttons, name-tag etc. You'd ever guess it was
dialog: really an intelligent liquid metal.
text: T-1000 slams the locker door and waits as the nurse hits the button
text: unlocking the door with a BUZZ-CLACK. T-1000/Guard goes through.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 67 INT. ISOLATION SECURITY CHECKPOINT
text: A small room before a short SALLY-PORT corridor designed to prevent
text: violent inmates from making a run for it. There are doors at each
text: end. The first one is barred like a jail-cell door, and the second
text: is a steel fire door. The attendants have a video monitor with which
text: they can see the corridor on the other side of the doors.
text: The two bored attendants barely notice the T-1000/Guard as it
text: approaches. Looks briefly at a chart next to the door, seeing
text: SARAH CONNOR is in #19.
text: 67A IN THE ISOLATION WARD, the T-1000 passes a nurses' station which looks
text: a cage, walled in by heavy metal mesh. Silberman, leaning in the open
text: doorway, is talking to an attendant in the cage. He doesn't glance
text: twice at Lewis the Guard passing by.
text: 68 SARAH, moving like a ghost in the darkened corridor, hears footsteps
text: coming and quietly but quickly unlocks a cell next to her with
dialog: Douglas' master key.
text: 68A She slips into the cell and waits as the footsteps pass.
text: We glimpse the T-1000/Guard pass the window.
text: She waits as the footsteps fade away. She looks over. A female
text: inmate, strapped to a bed, watches her with bird-like eyes. She puts
text: a finger to her lips -- SSHHH. The inmate nods. Sarah exits.
text: 68B POV MOVING TOWARD nurse's station. We hear Silberman's voice,
text: reviewing medication with the night attendant.
text: ON SILBERMAN, yawning, looking at his watch.
text: He turns to go... Sarah is there.
text: She slams into him, hurling him through the door into the cage and
text: follows him in. The orderly jumps up, going for his stunner, but she
text: nails him with Douglas' baton. WHAP-WHAP-WHAP! You can barely see
text: the thing she's swinging it so fast. The guys goes down.
text: Silberman lunges for the alarm button and she cracks down hard on his
text: arm. He cries out and grabs his wrist.
text: She grabs him by the hair and slams him face down on the desk,
text: smacking him behind the knees expertly with the baton.
text: His legs buckle and he drops to his knees with his chin on the desk.
text: She pins him with one hand. He face is full of outraged disbelief.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: You broke my arm!
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: There's 215 bones in the human body, motherfucker.
dialog: That's one. Now don't move!
text: 68B Moving rapidly, she whips open a medication drawer and grabs a
dialog: syringe.
dialog: They keep a few of these handy for tranking unruly patients. She
text: jams it into the orderly's butt and fires the whole shot. Still
text: holding the empty syringe, she sees what she need next.
dialog: They keep the toxic cleaning supplies in here to keep the inmates from
text: drinking Drano. She grabs a plastic jug of LIQUID PLUM'R and slams
text: it down on the desk inches from Silberman's eyes.
text: She jams the empty syringe into the plastic jug.
text: Draws back the plunger. The syringe fills with blue liquid.
text: She whips it out of the jug and jams the needle into Silberman's neck.
text: His horrified eyes rack toward it. 10 cc's of blue death fill the
dialog: cylinder.
text: Her thumb hovers over the plunger.
text: She jerks him to his feet by the collar and gets a tight grip on him,
text: then hauls him through the door.
text: 69 IN THE CORRIDOR outside cell #19 the T-1000 stops and looks in the
text: window. Douglas, his face a bloody mess, yells to be heard.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Open the door! The goddamn bitch is loose in
dialog: the halls!
text: To Douglas' amazement, Lewis the Guard turns impassively and walks
text: away, leaving him shouting soundlessly at the window.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 70 EXT. HOSPITAL
text: Terminator and John are approaching the guard gate on the Harley.
text: They can see the guard inside looks up at the sound of the engine.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Now remember, you're not gonna kill anyone,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Right.
text: John looks at him. He's not convinced.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Swear.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Just say "I swear I won't kill anyone."
text: John holds his hand up, like he's being sworn in. Terminator stares
text: at John a beat. Then mimics the gesture.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I swear I will not kill anyone.
text: Terminator stops the bike and gets off.
text: The guard, sensing trouble, has his gun drawn as he comes out of the
text: shack. Terminator walks toward him drawing his .45 smoothly. BLAM!
text: He shoots the guard accurately in the thigh.
text: The guy drops, screaming and clutching his leg.
text: Terminator kicks the guard's gun away, then smashes the phone in the
text: shack with his fist. He pushes the button to raise the gate and walks
text: back to the bike.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: He'll live.
text: Terminator climbs onto the bike. They drive toward the hospital,
text: heading down an ambulance ramp to an underground receiving area.
scene_heading: 71 INT. ISOLATION FLOOR
text: The attendants at the security checkpoint look up at the monitor as
text: someone enters the corridor. They see Sarah, holding Silberman at
dialog: syringe-point.
text: Sarah speaks to them through an intercom on the wall. Her voice
text: comes through the speaker.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Open it or he'll be dead before he hits the
dialog: floor.
text: The attendants' adrenaline levels just went off the scale. The first
text: attendant shakes him head no. The amperage here is really high. The
text: second attendant keys the intercom switch.
speaker_heading: 2ND ATTENDANT
dialog: There's no way, Connor. Let him go.
text: Silberman's face is the color of suet.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: It won't work, Sarah. You're no killer. I don't
dialog: believe you'd do it.
text: Her voice is a deadly cold hiss.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You're already dead, Silberman. Everybody here
dialog: dies. You know I believe that. So don't fuck
dialog: with me!
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: Open the goddamn door!
text: The attendants looks at one another. One of them hits the solenoid
text: button. The far door unlocks.
text: 71A IN THE LOCKOUT CORRIDOR. Sarah pushes Silberman ahead of her.
text: The nearer, barred door must be unlocked manually.
text: One of the attendants cautiously approaches. Nervously unlocks it.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Step back!
dialog: 
text: He does. She faces both of them.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Down on the floor! Now!
text: They comply. She comes through with Silberman, giving them a wide
text: berth. Starts backing down the hall away from them, still holding
text: her hostage. She's actually pulling this off.
text: 71B ANGLE FROM BEHIND HER. What we can see, but she can't see, it a
text: third orderly waiting just around the corner. He's poised, ready to
text: jump her when she comes abreast of him.
text: ON SARAH backing up. She reaches the corner.
text: The third attendant lunges, grabbing her syringe-hand.
text: Sarah spins on the orderly and catches him across the throat with the
text: nightstick. He loses interest fast, dropping to his knees and
text: gagging. Silberman pulls away, screaming at the top of his lungs
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: Get her!
text: They scramble up as Sarah takes off like a shot around the corner.
text: One of them hits the panic button and ALARMS begin to sound.
text: 72 IN THE ISOLATION WARD, the T-1000 is looking in at a very stoned
text: attendant inside the nurses' station when the alarms shriek through
text: the halls. It reaches into its chest and pulls out the 9mm pistol.
text: Heads for the security entrance.
text: 73 IN ANOTHER CORRIDOR in the maze of the vast hospital, Sarah flies
text: past us, her bare feet slapping on the cold tiles. The orderlies
dialog: charge after her.
text: She's like an animal in a maze. She turns the corner, glancing off
text: the wall, and sprints on without slowing. She reaches a steel door.
text: Tries it. Locked.
text: Footsteps like a drum solo behind her.
text: She fumbles with Douglas' keys, breathing hard. Jams the master in.
text: The orderlies are bearing down on her at full tilt.
text: Sarah gets the door open. Dives through. Slams it.
text: She turns a deadbolt knob just as the first orderly grabs the latch
text: on the other side. He's too late.
text: Sarah sees them beyond the window, fumbling with their keys.
text: 73A Sarah is in another sally-port corridor. A jail-cell type barred
text: door is between her and the corridors of the ward beyond.
text: She sprints to the walls of bars, jams her key into the door.
text: She unlocks and pulls open this door just as she hears the latch of
text: the one she just came through being unlocked.
text: She flings herself frantically through the barred door as the first
text: orderly comes through behind her.
text: She slams the bars shut. CLANG.
text: Her keys are dangling from the lock on the other side from her.
text: The orderly is racing at her, white-lipped with rage.
text: She reaches back through the bars, turns the key, and purposefully
text: snaps it off in the lock. An instant later the big orderly slams
text: against the door, grabbing through the bars for her as she dances
text: back just out of reach.
text: He lunges against the steel bars, unbelievably pissed off.
text: Sarah takes off running, looking back at the frustrated orderlies.
text: They're shouting at each other, unable to fit their keys into the
dialog: lock --
text: The broken-off key tip makes it impossible to get their keys in.
text: Silberman shouts at them.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: Go around, goddamnit! Go around!!
text: The orderlies run back the way they came, and along a cross-corridor
text: to another set of doors.
text: 73B ON SARAH as she rounds a corner and sees the elevators ahead.
text: Now she's home-free. At a full-tilt sprint, she's nearly there when
text: the elevator doors part...
text: TERMINATOR steps out... his head swivels to face her.
text: Sarah reacts, stricken by the image from her worst nightmares.
text: Her eyes go wide as momentum carries her forward.
text: Her bare feet slip on the slick tile. She slams to the floor,
text: staring up at the leather-clad figure with the shotgun.
text: She loses all semblance of courage and some of her sanity.
text: She's not even aware that she is screaming, or what would be
dialog: screaming if she could get the breath to do it.
text: In slowed-down dream-time, Sarah scrambles back along the floor like a
text: crab, spinning and clawing her way to her feet along the wall.
text: She runs like the wind, like in her nightmare. If she looked back she
text: would have seen John step warily out of the corridor behind
text: Terminator. John, however, catches a glimpse of the fleeing Sarah and
text: figures out instantly what happened.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Mom!! Wait!
text: Sarah doesn't hear. She has clicked fully into her own nightmare.
text: They take off running after Sarah.
text: 73C She is pelting down the long corridor, back the way she came. As she
text: reaches an intersection with a cross-corridor a white-clad figure
text: blurs from that corridor. The orderly hits her in a flying tackle.
text: She skids across the floor, shrieking and struggling. The other two
text: orderlies leap into the fray.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No! Help me! Goddamnit, it's gonna kill us
dialog: all!!!
text: She is shouting, pleading, trying to get them to understand what is
text: coming. They grab her thrashing arms and legs. They don't even look
text: where the out-of-control woman is pointing... back along the corridor.
text: They have pinned her to the cold tiles, a ring of faces above her.
text: Silberman leans down to her, holding a syringe with a heavy dose of
text: trank. Sarah cranes her neck and sees the dark silhouette of
text: Terminator coming up behind them. It is exactly her nightmare.
text: She screams in utter hopelessness.
text: Terminator, holding the shotgun in one hand, reaches down and grabs
text: one of the orderlies with his other hand. He hurls the 200-pound
text: guys against the far wall of the corridor. SMACK! He drops to the
dialog: floor.
text: The other two orderlies react instantly, leaping onto the intruder.
text: Terminator seems to disappear for a moment under the two big guys.
text: Then there is an explosion of white-clad figures, as the orderlies are
text: flung outward like they stepped on a land mine.
text: One crashes through a window of safety glass and is caught before a
text: two-story fall by the outer steel bars. The other crashes through an
text: office door, splintering it into kindling.
text: Silberman has jumped to hold Sarah. He is grabbed by a roll of skin
text: at the back of his neck and lifted like a cat. The doctor feel his
text: feet pedaling above the ground. He looks into the expressionless
text: face. And it hit him. Sarah was right... this guy isn't human.
text: He feels the fabric of reality crumbling.
text: Then he feels himself flying through the air. The wall smacks him,
text: then the floor kicks him in the face. He decides to lie there a
dialog: second.
text: Sarah blinks, staring up at the figure looming over her.
text: John kneels next to her.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Mom, are you okay?
text: She looks from Terminator to John. Back to Terminator.
text: Is this a nightmare? Or has she finally gone truly bad?
text: Incredibly, Terminator politely reaches his hand down to her, offering
text: to help her up. The last thing she ever expected to see.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Come with me if you want to live.
text: The orderlies are stirring.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It's all right, Mom. He's here to help.
text: Sarah, is a daze, takes the huge hand in her shaking fingers.
text: Terminator lifts her to her feet.
text: 73D John sees a GUARD standing thirty feet away, on the other side of the
text: walls of bars. John doesn't know what we know, but he knows
text: something's not right with this guy. Terminator turns to follow
text: John's gaze.
text: The T-1000 had its pistol in its hand, at its side.
text: Terminator pushes John behind him. They start backing up.
text: 73E The T-1000 walks forward, reaching the bars. It doesn't stop.
text: Its body divides like jello around the bars. As it squeezes itself
text: through like metal playdough, its surface reforms perfectly on our
text: side. We see it deform and squeeze through like a viscous paste
text: forced past an obstacle.
text: Silberman has recovered enough to be sitting up and watching this.
text: That faint snapping sound is his mind.
text: There is a CLANK and we see that the guard's gun has caught against
text: the bars... the only solid object. The T-1000 turns its wrist and
text: tries again, slipping the gun endwise through the gap.
text: 73F Sarah is agape. Not reacting. It's been a heavy day for her.
text: Terminator grabs John by the seat of his pants and hooks him up onto
text: his back. John grabs him around the neck. Terminator raises the
text: shotgun and starts backing up.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Go! Run!
text: Sarah doesn't need to be told twice.
text: T-1000 walks toward them, opening fire with the Browning Hi-Power.
text: Terminator straight-arms the 12-guage like a pistol and FIRES.
text: The stunned orderlies flop face down on the floor as the corridor is
text: filled with high-velocity lead. One of them, stupidly running for the
text: cross-corridor, gets hit by the T-1000.
text: Terminator is hammered by several slugs, and the T-1000 is cratered
text: by two buckshots hits. It staggers, but comes on. In the craters
text: we see bright mercury before they close and reseal, disappearing in a
dialog: second.
text: 73G Terminator makes it around the corner and breaks into a run. Ahead,
text: Sarah is already at the elevator. Terminator and John pile in and
text: John slaps the button for "Garage Level".
text: The doors start to close. T-1000 clears the corner.
text: Terminator slams John and Sarah back against the side walls as the
text: T-1000 charges at them, rapid firing the Browning.
text: The rounds hit the steel doors as they close.
text: T-1000 keeps pumping them at the closing gap.
text: 73H Inside, they see the backside of the doors denting with the hits that
text: are punching holes in the other side.
text: 73I The Browning locks open, empty. T-1000 drops it without a glance
text: back. The doors close. K-WHAM! The T-1000 hits them a split second
text: later. The elevator hasn't moved yet. SSWWIKK!
text: 73J A sword-like blade rams through in between the doors, forcing them
text: open. Terminator jams the shotgun through the widening gap. Punches
text: the muzzle right INTO T-1000's face -- BOOM!!
text: 73K We get a glimpse of the T-1000's head blown apart by the blast. It
text: is hurtled back. The doors close. The car descends.
text: 73L ON THE T-1000, outside the elevator. Its head, which is blown apart
text: into two doughy masses lying on the shoulders, reforms quickly.
text: There is no trace of the injury. It sees the closed door and jams its
text: hands between them, its fingertips becoming pry-bars. It pulls the
dialog: doors apart with inhuman strength
text: 73M and LEAPS INTO THE OPEN SHAFT.
text: It falls two floors and...
text: 74 IN THE ELEVATOR. Out trio hears a loud THUMP on the roof.
text: Terminator, reloading the shotgun, looks up.
text: Sarah grabs the .45 from his waistband and aims it at the ceiling.
dialog: BEAT...
text: Then CLANGG!! a swordlike shaft punches through the ceiling and spears
text: down four feet into the elevator car.
text: It is inches from Sarah's face.
text: She opens fire, BAM-BAM-BAM -- right through the roof.
text: Lighting-fast the lance withdraws and thrusts down again, slashing
text: Terminator's jacket, and missing John by inches.
text: Terminator chambers a round and K-BOOM! the 12-guage opens a hole in
dialog: the ceiling.
text: Terminator rocks out in a fury of firing/cocking/firing as the metal
text: shafts slash down again and again. Sarah yells in pain as one of them
text: slices open her upper arm.
text: 75 The doors open. Sarah pulls John out as soon as the gap is wide
dialog: enough.
text: They emerge into the basement. We see the Harley parked nearby.
text: Terminator, in a rearguard action, fires another blast through the
text: ceiling and runs out. He throws his leg over the Harley, kicks it to
text: life with one powerful stroke and then whips something out of the
text: inner pocket of his jacket. He throws it to John. A road flare!?
text: 76 In the elevator, the T-1000 has bashed a hole in the ceiling big
dialog: enough to...
dialog: Pour itself through.
text: A massive blob of mercury extrudes from the opening. The mass drops
text: through the hole, down out of frame, then comes back up into frame
dialog: as Officer X.
text: It seems to need just a second to get its mental act together after
text: doing this king of taffy-pull with itself. It opens its eyes and
dialog: sees --
text: 77 TERMINATOR, the shot gun held in his teeth, astride the roaring
text: Harley twenty feet away. Terminator twists the throttle and pops the
dialog: clutch.
text: The back tire screams on the concrete. The front wheel lifts off the
text: ground and the heavy bike launches in a thundering wheelie.
text: Terminator gets off just before the bike hurtles into the elevator.
text: The Harley slams the T-1000 square and smashes it right through the
text: back wall of the elevator.
text: Terminator rolls to his feet.
text: Johns strikes the flare on the concrete. Tosses it.
text: Terminator catches the life flare with one hand.
text: Levels the shotgun with the other.
text: With his last round he blows a big hole in the bike's gas tank.
text: Gas splashes everywhere, covering the struggling T-1000.
text: Terminator tosses the flare. KA-VOOOM!
text: The explosion knocks Terminator backward off his feet, enveloping him
text: in the fireball. He gets up, smoking, and runs after John and Sarah
text: toward the exit ramp.
text: 78 AT THE EXIT RAMP. They are partway up when a blue-and-white hospital
text: security car comes screeching down the other way.
text: Without breaking stride Sarah runs right at the car. It skids to a
text: shrieking halt. She's in the guy's face with the .45 in both hands.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Out of the car!!
text: The patrol guy is thinking what he can try when BLAM! she puts a round
text: through the glass next to his head.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: RIGHT NOW!
text: The door opens and the guy is coming out with his hands up as
text: Terminator arrives. The cyborg flings the rent-a-cop out of the way
text: and slides behind the wheel. Sarah gets John into the back seat and
text: dives into the front passenger seat as --
text: 78A Terminator slams the car into reverse and punches it, lighting up the
text: tires on the slick ramp.
text: Terminator hands the shotgun over his shoulder to John and tells him
text: to reload. John pulls some shells from the pocket of his army jacket
text: and starts feeding them in.
text: Terminator power backward up the ramp, scraping along one wall, barely
dialog: in control. Because...
text: 79 The T-1000 is running at them out of the inferno below.
text: This guy won't quit. Shifting from chrome mode to cop-form as it
dialog: runs.
text: It sprints up the ramp after the retreating car. T-1000 is gaining.
text: 80 Terminator hands Sarah another magazine for the .45. She snatches
text: it, drops the other out, and slaps in the new one. Cocks the slide.
text: The car backs along the service driveway toward the security gate.
text: John hands the shot gun back to Terminator.
text: He leans out the window and takes aim at the pursuer.
text: The T-1000's face is right in the headlights.
text: 80A Terminator fires, blowing a hole in its shoulder. Shiny liquid metal
text: visible in the hole, which then closes.
text: 80B Sarah, half out the passenger window, opens fire.
text: The car crashes backward through the security barricade.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Hang on.
text: He cuts the wheel hard. The car slews into a reverse 180, swapping
text: ends with a screech.
text: T-1000 is almost on them.
text: Terminator punches it. The car accelerates forward.
text: 80C T-1000 leaps. Lands on the trunk.
text: Its hand is a metal crowbar slammed down through the trunk lid.
text: Feet dragging on the pavement, it slams its other hand down,
text: punching another metal hook into the trunk lid, pulling itself up.
text: Terminator turns to Sarah.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Drive.
text: Terminator heaves himself half out the driver's window. Sarah slaps
text: her foot down on the throttle and steers from the passenger side.
text: 80D T-1000, fully on the car now, holds on with one hook-hand while it
text: slams the other into the back window, sweeping away the glass and
text: missing John by inches as he ducks.
text: It draws back for another swing, lunging forward as --
text: 80E Terminator whips the shotgun over the roof of the car.
text: Fires point-blank.
text: Hits the T-1000's arm just above the "hand" which anchors it to the
text: car. The 12-guage blows the arm apart, severing the hook-hand.
text: 80F T-1000 tumbles backward off the accelerating car.
text: John looks out the back window, his eyes wide.
text: He sees the T-1000 roll to his feet and continue running.
text: But he's dropping way behind now. Sarah has the car floored and the
text: liquid-metal killer won't catch them on foot.
text: 80G John watches, in awe, as the "crowbar hand", stuck into the trunk
text: right in front of him, reverts to the neutral polyalloy... a kind of
text: think mercury. The gray metal slides off the trunk of the car and
text: falls onto the road to lie there in a quivering blob.
text: 80H The car speeds off into the night.
text: REVERSE on the T-1000, walking now, coming right up into closeup,
text: watching the tail lights recede. It looks down.
text: 80I ANGLE ON BLACKTOP, tight on the liquid metal blob. Next to it is the
text: T-1000's shiny cop shoe. The mercury blob crawls and rejoins the
text: main mass, disappearing into the "shoe".
scene_heading: 81 INT./EXT. SECURITY CAR
text: A GHOST CAR blasts out of the darkness on a long stretch of moonlight
text: highway. Headlights off, the hospital security car punches a hole in
dialog: the wind.
text: 81A INSIDE THE SPEEDING CAR the energy is still high. The air is blowing
text: in the shattered windows as Terminator drives the car easily by
text: electronic night-vision. His eyes glow faintly red.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Can you see anything?
text: 81B TERMINATOR'S POV. A monochrome image of the highway lit bright as
dialog: day.
text: 81C Terminator replies in a matter-of-fact tone.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Everything.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Cool.
text: Sarah looks at Terminator, still not quite believing this is
text: happening. But this is a different Sarah than the waitress of 1984.
text: She spends only a second or two dealing with the unbelievable.
text: Then she turns to John in the back seat.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You okay?
text: He nods. She reaches for John and we think she's going to hug him.
text: She starts to rub her hands over him and we realize she's checking for
text: injuries, very clinically the way a vet checks a dog for broken bones.
text: He pulls away from her. He hates her always checking him, treating
text: him like he might break, like some piece of rare china.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I said I was okay.
text: Sarah looks at him, exasperated and stern.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It was stupid of you to go there.
text: John stares at her, surprised.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Goddamnit, John, you have to be smarter than
dialog: that. You're too important! You can't risk
dialog: yourself, not even for me, do you understand?
dialog: I can take care of myself. I was doing fine.
dialog: Jesus, John. You almost got yourself killed.
text: We see his chin quiver. He's a tough kid, but all he really wants is
dialog: for her to love him. He hasn't had enough years on the planet yet to
dialog: be the man of steel she demands.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I... had to get you out of the place... I'm
dialog: sorry, I...
text: His face crumples. He starts to cry. Sarah gives him a cold stare.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Stop it! Right now! You can't cry, John.
dialog: Other kids can afford to cry. You can't.
text: He's trying to be brave, he really is. Terminator turns and sees the
text: water leaking from his eyes. It doesn't make and sense to him.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: What is wrong with your eyes?
text: John turns away, ashamed. Sarah lets her breath out, realizing how
text: keyed up she is. She turns to Terminator, giving him a wary once-
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: So what's your story?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 82 EXT. MENTAL HOSPITAL
text: The cops have shown up, as they always do. There are black-and-whites
text: everywhere, and ambulances are arriving. Two cops and an orderly are
text: required to subdue poor Doctor Silberman, who is raving at the top of
dialog: his lungs.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: ... it was all true and we're all going to die
dialog: and the changed, I saw him change!!
dialog: It's quite pathetic.
text: A nurse shoots him up with a sedative. They lead him away.
text: 82A T-1000 walks unperturbed among the milling cops. No one notices him.
text: It slips into its cruiser and drives off into the night.
scene_heading: 83 INT. CAR
text: Terminator drives steadily into the black night.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: This T-1000... what happens when you shoot it?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: Ballistic penetration shocks it, but only for a
dialog: few seconds.
text: Sarah thinks about that. Then:
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Can it be destroyed?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Unknown.
text: They ride along in silence for a few seconds.
text: Sarah sees something up ahead, some lonely neon in the blackness.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Pull in here. We have to ditch this car.
scene_heading: 84 EXT. SERVICE STATION - NIGHT
text: A rundown gas station with a buzzing neon sign and no one around.
text: They pull into the drive and slowly cruise past the empty office. A
text: sign in the window says CLOSED SUNDAYS. They continue around the
text: building to the garage's back door.
text: AT THE GARAGE DOOR. Terminator breaks the lock on the roll-up door
text: and raises it. Sarah pulls the security car in out of sight.
text: Terminator rolls the door down behind them.
scene_heading: 85 INT. GAS STATION
text: Dark. Sarah switches on the single drop-light. She and Terminator
text: look at each other. Terminator is shot-up and bleeding, and Sarah
text: has a vicious slash in her upper arm which was soaked her sleeve with
dialog: blood.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You look like handmade shit.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: So do you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: 86 TIGHT ON FIRST-AID KIT from the office, plus some not-so-oily rags, a
text: bottle of rubbing alcohol, a few small tools, and other makeshift
text: odds and ends. Terminator's hand comes into shot. Sets down a bloody
text: rag. Picks up a clean one.
text: WIDER. Sarah sits on an empty crate. Terminator's is beside her,
text: suturing her wound with some fine wire from the winding of an
text: alternator. Using a pair of needlenose pliers he draws the wire
text: through her pale skin with a delicate hand.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I have detailed files on human anatomy.
text: Sarah stares into his face, inches away, fighting the pain. She
text: doesn't like him being this close to her to begin with, let alone
text: carving on her.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'll bet. Makes you a more efficient killer,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Correct.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: 87 TIGHT ON TERMINATOR'S BACK. The leather jacket is riddled with bullet
text: holes. Sarah and John help pull it off, revealing Terminator's
text: broad, muscular back beneath.
text: WIDER. John and Sarah stare in amazement. There are at least twenty
text: bullet holes in him. Back. Arms. Legs. Fortunately they're all
text: 9mm. The holes are small and the damage cosmetic.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Does it hurt?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I sense injuries. The data could be called
dialog: pain.
text: TIGHT ON SARAH AND TERMINATOR. Sarah starts washing the bullet holes
text: in his broad back with alcohol.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Will these heal up?
text: Terminator nods. She reaches into the bloody wounds with pliers and
text: finds the copper-jacketed bullets, flattening against the armored
text: endoskeleton. Pulls them out. They CLINK one by one into a glass.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: That's good. Because if you can't pass for
dialog: human, you won't be much good to us.
text: She concentrates on removing the slugs. CLINK. CLINK.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How long do you live? I mean, last?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: A hundred and twenty years on my existing
dialog: power cell.
text: Sarah nods, pulling out another slug. CLINK. The glass nearly full
text: of flattened bullets. She begins to sew the holes closed with a few
text: wire sutures. John watches in quiet amazement, the two warriors
text: calmly fixing each other.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Can you learn? So you can be... you know.
dialog: More human. Not such a dork all the time.
text: Terminator turns towards him.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: My CPU is a neural-net processor... a learning
text: computer. But Skynet presets the switch to
dialog: "read-only" when we are sent out alone.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (cynical)
dialog: Doesn't want you thinking too much, huh?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Can we reset the switch?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: 88 E.C.U. OF AN X-ACTO KNIFE cutting into Terminator's scalp at the base
text: of his skull. His voice calmly directs Sarah as she spreads the bloody
text: incision and locates the maintenance port for the CPU in the chrome
text: skull beneath.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Now open the port cover.
text: She wipes away the blood and uses the garage-mechanic's air tools to
text: unscrew the port cover.
text: 88A TERMINATOR POV (DIGITIZED) as he watches her work in a mirror they've
text: taken from the washroom. Sarah and John are standing behind him.
text: Her hands are covered with blood, like a surgeon's.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: Hold the CPU by its base tab. Pull.
text: Following the instructions, she reaches in with a pair of tweezers and
text: PULLS -- there is a BURST OF STATIC and the screen goes BLACK.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: 89 TIGHT ON JOHN AND SARAH looking at what she has removed. A reddish-
text: brown ceramic rectangle with a connector on one end. About the size
text: and shape of a domino. On close inspection it appears to be made up
text: of small cubes connected together. It is identical to the shattered
dialog: one in the vault at Cyberdyne Systems. Now we know it is that that
text: Miles Dyson values so highly. The brain of a terminator.
text: 89A WIDER. John walks around Terminator and looks at his face.
text: Eyes open, he is completely inert. Dead.
text: John lifts his huge hand. The dead servos whine sullenly as he forces
text: them. It's like rigor mortis. He releases the hand and it stays in
text: the lifted position. Sarah examines the CPU chip.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Can you see the pin switch?
text: She ignores him. See looks at Terminator.
text: The back at the chip.
text: Then she sets it on the work table and picks up a small sledge hammer.
text: John realizes what she is about to do. Dives at her as the sledge is
text: whistling down.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No!!!!
text: He slaps his hand down over the chip.
text: Sarah barely stops the sledge before smashing his fingers.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Out of the way, John!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No! Don't kill him!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It, John. Not him. It.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Alright, it! We need it!
text: John keeps his hand right where it is.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We're better off by ourselves.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: But it's the only proof we have to the future...
dialog: about the war and all that.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I don't trust it! These things are hard to
dialog: kill, John, believe me, I know. We may never
dialog: have this opportunity again.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look, Mom, if I'm supposed to ever be this great
dialog: leader, you should start listening to my
dialog: leadership ideas once in a while. 'Cause if you
dialog: won't, nobody else will.
text: Smart kid. He's got her. She nods, reluctantly. He palms the chip
text: and studies it minutely.
text: 89B John takes a pin and moves the almost invisible switch to the other
dialog: position.
text: It is now in "write" mode. Then he grimaces as he inserts the wafer
text: back into the slot in Terminator's skull.
text: 89C TERMINATOR VISION flares back to life in a burst of static. The image
text: forms. Sarah and John stands behind him in the mirror.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Was there a problem?
text: John glances sheepishly at Sarah, Then smiles at Terminator.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No problem. None whatsoever.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: 90 JOHN SLEEPING, lying on a pile of rags next to a stack of tires.
text: The lights are off. Sarah sits nearby, cross-legged, he back against
dialog: the wall.
text: The .45 is cradles in her lap. She looks weary, but she won't allow
text: herself to sleep with Terminator present.
text: By the office windows, in a slash of moonlight, is Terminator. He
text: stands silent and still, watching the night. Only his eyes move,
text: tracking with the occasional car passing on the road. He figure
text: silhouetted and still.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: 91 SAME IMAGE. Now DAYLIGHT streams in the dusty windows.
text: Terminator has not moved. Faithful machine sentinel. He turns at a
text: sound. John stirs, waking up. He squints into the sunlight. Sarah
text: is still awake. She gets up, wincing at the pain in her arm.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 92 EXT. GAS STATION - DAY (LATER)
text: John and Terminator walks to an old Chevy pickup parked behind the
text: garage. The day is clear but windy. Dust devils chase themselves
text: behind the place. The pickup is locked but Terminator breaks the side
text: window with his fist and opens the door. He and John climb in.
dialog: 92A IN THE PICKUP. Terminator has this trick (which you could do too if
text: you had servo-driven steel fingers) where he smashes the cowl around
text: a steering column with one blow from the palm of his hand. When it
text: shatters he strips it away with a single move, and then turns the stub
text: of the lock-mechanism with his fingertips. This starts the vehicle.
text: It takes about three seconds.
text: In fact, he does it so quickly, the truck is running by the time John
text: flips down the sun visor. A set of keys drops out and John catches
text: them. Dangles them in front of Terminator's eyes.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Are we learning yet?
text: 92B Sarah comes out. She's found a mechanic's coverall inside, used but
text: fairly clean. It doesn't fit her too well, but it's better than the
text: stuff from the hospital. She's still barefoot.
text: The sun, which she hasn't seen in months, hurts her eyes,
text: Terminator and John pull up in the pickup. She gets in.
speaker_heading: 92C TERMINATOR
dialog: We need to get as far from the city as possible.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Just head south.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 93 INT./EXT. PICKUP TRUCK/HIGHWAY - DAY
text: THE OPEN ROAD. The pickup roars through light traffic down a long
text: stretch of highway. They set three abreast on the bench seat, John
text: in between, like some improbable family on a car trip.
text: Sarah leans over to get a look at the speedometer.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Keep it under sixty-five. We can't afford to
text: be pulled over.
text: Terminator backs off the throttle slightly.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Affirmative.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No, no, no. You gotta listen to the way people
dialog: talk. See, you don't say like "Affirmative" or
dialog: some shit like that. You say... no problemo.
text: Terminator nods, filing away the information. Sarah is ignoring the
text: lesson, lost in thought.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It someone comes off to you with an attitude,
dialog: you say "eat me"... if you wanna shine them on,
dialog: it's "Hasta la vista, baby".
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: "Hasta la vista, baby"?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, or "later, dickwad." Or if someone gets
dialog: upset you say "chill out." Like that. Or you
dialog: can do combinations.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Chill out, dickwad.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That's great! See, you're getting it.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: No problemo.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 94-95 OMITTED
scene_heading: 96 EXT. ROADSIDE STAND/GAS STATION - DAY
text: There's a gas pump and a sleazy fast-food stand. Picnic tables are
text: set up at the side of the food stand. A family sits at one, children
text: playing and running about.
text: 96A The pickup truck pulls into the lot. Stops at the gas pump.
text: Sarah turns to John.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You got any cash?
text: John pulls what's left of his Ready-Teller money from his pocket.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Only a couple hundred bucks. I'll give you
dialog: half.
text: Sarah grabs all of it. Peels off a twenty, hands it to John.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Get some food.
text: She opens the truck door and steps out. John turns to Terminator.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No sense of humor.
text: 97 THE ORDERING WINDOW as John and Terminator approach.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And that's another thing. You could lighten up
dialog: a bit, yourself. This severe routine is getting
dialog: old. Smile once in a while.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Smile?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah. Smile. You know. People smile, right?
dialog: Watch.
text: Goes to the order window.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (smiling broadly)
dialog: Hi. Nice place you got here. How's business?
speaker_heading: WINDOW WOMAN
dialog: (stone-faced)
dialog: Gimme a break.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Terminator)
dialog: Okay. Bad example. Over there, look.
text: John points at THREE TEENAGE GUYS standing at a drinking fountain
text: nearby. One of them has said something funny and the others are
text: laughing, grinning.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Like that.
scene_heading: TERMINATOR POV (DIGITIZED) The real-time image continues while a
text: replay of one of the guys grinning runs in a window. It expands, so
text: that the guy's mouth fills the window. Replays again in slow motion.
text: A vector-graphic of the lips smiling appears, along with an array of
dialog: symbolic data.
text: Terminator tries it. The result is dismal. A rictus-like curling of
text: the lip. Terminator's next effort is a marginal improvement.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't know, maybe you could practice in front
dialog: of a mirror or something.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 98 EXT. REST STOP/PICKUP TRUCK - DAY (LATER)
text: Sarah and John are eating cheeseburgers and fries, sitting in the
text: truck and on the curb respectively. They are parked away from the
text: other families, at the end of the gravel parking area. Terminator
text: is pouring coolant into the radiator. Sarah is deep in through,
text: turning and turning the whole thing in her brain. John, unable to
text: deal with her silence, goes around to where Terminator is working.
text: 98A John sees two kids playing with machine-gun water pistols nearby,
text: viciously squirting each other.
speaker_heading: FIRST KID
dialog: You're dead!
speaker_heading: SECOND KID
dialog: Am not!
speaker_heading: FIRST KID
dialog: Are so!
text: John and Terminator watch them rolling on the ground in a fight to the
text: death. Sarah rounds the front of the truck, and sees the kids. John
text: sighs, solemn. He looks up at the cyborg.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We're not gonna make it, are we? People, I
dialog: mean.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: It is in your nature to destroy yourselves.
text: John nods, depressed.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah. Drag, huh?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I need to know how Skynet get built. Who's
dialog: responsible?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: The man most directly responsible is Miles Bennet
dialog: Dyson, Director of Special Projects at
dialog: Cyberdyne Systems Corporation.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Why him?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: In a few months he creates a revolutionary
dialog: type of mircoprocessor.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Then what?
text: 98B Terminator closes the hood and gets into the truck as he speaks.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: In three years Cyberdyne will become the largest
dialog: supplier of military computer systems. All
text: stealth bombers are upgraded with Cyberdyne
text: computers, becoming fully unmanned, Afterward,
text: the fly with a perfect operational record.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (getting behind John)
dialog: Uh huh, great. Then those fat fucks in
dialog: Washington figure, what the hell, let a computer
dialog: run the whole show, right?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Basically.
dialog: (starting the engine, backing
dialog: out)
text: The Skynet funding bill is passed. The system
dialog: goes on-line August 4th, 1997. Human decisions
dialog: are removed from strategic defense. Skynet
text: begins to learn, at a geometric rate. It becomes
text: self-aware at 2:14 a.m. eastern time, August 29.
text: In a panic, they try to pull the plug.
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: And Skynet fights back.
text: They accelerate back onto the highway.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: Yes. It launches its ICBMs against their
dialog: targets in Russia.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Why attack Russia?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Because Skynet knows the Russian counter-strike
dialog: will remove its enemies here.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Jesus.
dialog: (beat, then)
dialog: How much do you know about Dyson?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I have detailed files.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I want to know everything. What he looks like.
dialog: Where he lives. Everything.
scene_heading: 99 INT. DYSON HOUSE - DAY
text: Miles Dyson sits at the huge desk in his study. He is deep in
text: thought, tapping away at the keyboard of his home computer terminal.
text: Next to desk are racks of sophisticated gear. On a Sunday morning,
text: when most men are relaxing, spending time with their families, Dyson
dialog: is hard at work.
text: IN A PROFILE CLOSEUP we see him in deep concentration, his mind
text: prowling the labyrinth of his new microprocessor.
text: A WOMAN'S FACE ENTERS FRAME soundlessly behind him. He doesn't hear
text: her. His wife, TARISSA, extends her tongue and traces it down the
text: back of his neck. He smiles and turns to kiss her good morning.
text: She's still in her bathrobe, holding coffee. He's been up for hours.
text: He turns and goes back to work, forgetting instantly that she is
text: standing there.
text: She watches him work, the arcane symbols moving across the screen.
text: We see her frustration, her inability to truly enter the magic box
dialog: of his world.
speaker_heading: TARISSA
dialog: You going to work all day?
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: I'm sorry, baby. This thing is just kicking my
dialog: ass. I thought we had it with this one...
text: He points to a metal box on his desk, about two feet long. As
text: assembly of small cubes. It looks like a dinosaur version of
text: Terminator's CPU.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: ... but the output went to shit after three
dialog: seconds. I'm thinking now it's the way I'm
dialog: matrixing the command hierarchies...
speaker_heading: TARISSA
dialog: You need a break. You'll see it clear when you
dialog: come back.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: I can't
speaker_heading: TARISSA
dialog: Miles, it's Sunday. You promised to take the
dialog: kids to Raging Waters today.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Oh. I can't, honey. I'm on a roll here.
text: He takes her hands. We see a childlike excitement in his face. He
text: wants so badly to share the almost orgasmic thrill of discovery,
dialog: the satisfaction of creation.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Baby, this thing is going to blow 'em all away.
dialog: It's a neural-net process --
speaker_heading: TARISSA
dialog: I know. You told me. It's a neural-net
dialog: processor. It thinks and learns like we do.
text: It's superconducting at room temperature.
text: Other computer are pocket calculators by
dialog: comparison.
dialog: (she pulls away from him)
dialog: But why is that so goddamn important, Miles?
dialog: I really need to know, 'cause I feel like I'm
dialog: going crazy here, sometimes.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: I'm sorry, honey, it's just that I'm thiiis
dialog: close.
text: He holds up his thumb and index finger... a fraction of an inch apart.
text: She picks up the prototype. It doesn't look like much.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Imagine a jetline with a pilot that never makes
dialog: a mistake, never gets tired, never shows up to
text: work with a hangover.
dialog: (he taps the prototype)
dialog: Meet the pilot.
speaker_heading: TARISSA
dialog: Why did you marry me, Miles? Why did we have
dialog: these two children? You don't need us. Your
dialog: heart and your mind are in here.
text: (she stares at the metal box
dialog: in her hands)
dialog: But it doesn't love you like we do.
text: He takes the anodized box from her hands and sets it down. Then he
text: puts his hands on her shoulders and kisses her gently. She acquiesces
text: to his kiss.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Tarissa glances over his shoulder. She nods her head toward the
text: doorway to the study. Dyson turns and sees their two kids standing
text: there. Danny (6) and Blythe (4) look rumpled and adorable in their
text: PJs. Dyson wilts at their hopeful expressions.
speaker_heading: TARISSA
dialog: How about spending some time with your other
dialog: babies?
text: Dyson grins. The forces of darkness have lost this round. He holds
text: out his hands and his kids run to him, cheering.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A100 EXT. DESERT/COMPOUND - DAY
text: The desert northwest of Calexico. Burning under the sun like a
text: hallucination. Heat shimmers the image, mirage-like.
text: Terminator turns the pickup off the paved road and barrels along a
text: roadbed a sand and gravel, trailing a huge plume of dust.
text: A sign at the turnoff says: CHARON MESA 2 MI
speaker_heading: CALEXICO 15 MI
text: A101 AHEAD is a pathetic oasis of humanity in the vast wasteland, a couple
text: of aging house-trailers, surrounded by assorted junk vehicles and
text: desert-style trash. There is a dirt airstrip behind the trailers, and
text: a stripped Huey helicopter sitting on block nearby.
text: The truck rolls to a stop in a cloud of dust. The place looks
text: deserted. The door to the nearest trailer bangs in the wind.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (to Terminator and John)
dialog: Stay in the truck.
scene_heading: A102 ANGLE FROM INSIDE ANOTHER TRAILER, NEARBY.
text: A DARK FIGURE in the F.G. has an AK-47 trained on the pickup as
text: Sarah gets out.
text: ON SARAH peering through the backlit dust.
text: The sound of wind. She approaches the trailer.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Enrique? You here?
text: She hears KACHANK! behind her and spins, whipping out her .45 in one
dialog: motion.
text: ENRIQUE SALCEDA stands behind a rusting jeep, a 12-gauge pump trained
text: on her. He is mid-forties, a tough Guatemalan with a weathered face
text: and heavy mustache. He wears cowboy boots and a flak vest, no shirt.
speaker_heading: SALCEDA
dialog: You pretty jumpy, Connor.
text: His fierce face breaks into a broad grin. The shotgun drops to his
text: side as he walks toward her. When he reaches her he hugs her, then
text: steps back.
speaker_heading: SALCEDA
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Good to see you, Connor. I knew you'd make it
dialog: back here sooner or later.
text: He grins at John as he steps from the truck, and then clocks
text: Terminator getting out.
speaker_heading: SALCEDA
dialog: Oye, Big John! Que pasa? Who's your very large
dialog: friend?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (perfect Spanish)
dialog: He's cool, Enrique. He's... uh... this is my
dialog: Uncle Bob.
dialog: (to Terminator, in English)
dialog: Uncle Bob, this is Enrique.
text: Terminator smiles. Sort of. Salceda squints at him,
speaker_heading: SALCEDA
dialog: Hmmm. Uncle Bob, huh? Okay.
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Yolanda. Get out here, we got company. And
dialog: bring some fucking tequila!
text: A thin Guatemalan KID, FRANCO, eighteen or so, comes out of the
text: trailer with the AK-47, followed by Salceda's wife, YOLANDA. She has
text: THREE younger children with her, from a five-year-old GIRL, JUANITA,
text: to a year-and-half-old BOY. She waves at John. They exchange
text: greetings in Spanish. They seem like nice people.
text: Terminator looks down at John, next to him. He says quietly...
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Uncle Bob?
speaker_heading: SALCEDA
dialog: (to Sarah)
dialog: So, Sarahlita, you getting famous, you know
dialog: that? All over the goddamn TV.
text: Salceda rips the cap off the tequila bottle. The two-year-old toddles
text: to Terminator and grabs his pants, sliming them with drool.
text: Terminator looks down at the tiny kid, fascinated. What is it?
text: He picks up the child with one huge hand. Looks at it. Turns it
text: different ways. Studying it. Then sets it down. The kid waddles
text: off, a little dizzy.
speaker_heading: SALCEDA
dialog: Honey, take Pacolito. Thanks, baby.
text: She hands him the tequila and takes the child. Salceda takes a long
text: pull from the Cuervo bottle.
speaker_heading: SALCEDA
dialog: (to Terminator)
dialog: Drink?
text: Terminator gestures "no" at the proffered bottle, but Sarah grabs it
text: and takes a long pull. She lowers it without expression. Her eyes
dialog: don't even water.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I just came for my stuff. And I need clothes,
dialog: food, and one of your trucks.
speaker_heading: SALCEDA
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Hey, how about the fillings out of my fucking
dialog: teeth while you're at it?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Now, Enrique.
dialog: (turns to Terminator and John)
dialog: You two are on weapons detail.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A103 EXT. COMPOUND/BEHIND THE TRAILERS
text: There is an aging and rusted Caterpillar sitting behind one of the
text: trailers. John expertly backs it toward Terminator who is holding
text: one end of a piece of heavy chain which disappears into the sand.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hook it on.
text: Terminator hooks the chain onto the towhook on the back of the
text: tractor. John hits the throttle and the Cat churns its treads,
text: pulling some massive load. A six-by-eight foot sheet of steel plate
text: moves slowly under six inches of sand.
text: John drags it far enough to reveal... a rectangular hole in the
text: ground. Like the mouth of a tomb. The kid drops down from the
text: tractor and walks to the hole.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: One thing about my mom... she always plans
dialog: ahead.
scene_heading: A104 INT. WEAPONS CACHE
text: From inside the "tomb". Sunlight slashes down into a cinder-block
text: room, less than six feet wide but over twenty long. Sand spills down
text: the steps. The walls are lined with guns.
text: John precedes Terminator into Sarah's weapons cache. Rifles, pistols,
text: rocket launchers, mortars, RPGs, radio gear. At the far end, boxes
text: containing ammo, grenades, etc. are stacked to the ceiling.
text: Terminator gets real alert. Scanning, wondering where to begin. He
text: picks up a MAC-10 machine pistol. Racks the bolt.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Excellent.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, I thought you'd like this place.
scene_heading: A105 EXT. COMPOUND/NEARBY
text: Sarah emerges from a trailer. She has changed. Boots, black fatigue
text: pants, T-shirt. Shades. She looks hard.
text: Salceda is nearby, packing food and other survival equipment with
text: Yolanda. He looks up as Sarah approaches, and slaps the side of a
text: BIG FOUR-BY BRONCO next to him,
speaker_heading: SALCEDA
dialog: This is the best truck, but the water pump is
dialog: blown. You got the time to change it out?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Yeah. I'm gonna wait till dark to cross the
dialog: border.
text: (she pulls him away from
dialog: Yolanda)
dialog: Enrique, it's dangerous for you here. You get
dialog: out tonight, too, okay?
speaker_heading: SALCEDA
dialog: Yeah, Saralita. Sure.
dialog: (he grins)
dialog: Just drop by any time and totally fuck up my
dialog: life.
text: She slaps him on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A106 INT. WEAPONS CACHE
text: Terminator returns from carrying out several cases of ammo. John is
text: selecting rifles from a long rack.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: See, I grew up in places like this, so I just
dialog: thought it was how people lived... riding
dialog: around in helicopters. Learning how to blow
dialog: shit up.
text: John grabs an AK-47 and racks the bolt with a practiced action.
text: Inspects the receiver for wear. Doesn't like what he sees. Puts is
text: back. His movement are efficient. Professional. Uninterested.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Then, when Mom got busted I got put in a
dialog: regular school. The other kids were, like,
dialog: into Nintendo.
text: Terminator has found a Vietnam-era "blooper" M-79 grenade launcher.
text: A very crude but effective weapon. He opens the breech and inspects
dialog: the bore.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Are you ever afraid?
text: Terminator pauses for a second. The thought never occurred to him.
text: He searches him mind for the answer...
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: No.
text: Terminator slings the M-79 and starts looking for the grenades.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Not even of dying?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You don't feel any emotion about it one way
dialog: or the other?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: No. I have to stay functional until my mission
text: is complete. Then it doesn't matter.
text: John is idly spinning a Sig Saur 9mm pistol on his finger... backwards
dialog: and forwards like Bat Masteron.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah. I have to stay functional too.
dialog: (sing-songy)
dialog: "I'm too important".
text: Terminator pulls back a canvas tarp, revealing a squat, heavy weapon
text: with six barrels clustered in a blunt cylinder. Chain-ammo is fed
text: from a canister sitting next to it. A G.E. MINI-GUN. The most
text: fearsome anti-personnel weapon of the Vietnam era.
text: Terminator hefts it. Looks at John as if to say "Can I? Please?"
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It's definitely you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A107 EXT. COMPOUND - DAY/LATER
text: Sarah and John have their weapons and supply selections laided out on
text: two battered picnic tables for cleaning and packing. Maps, radios,
dialog: documents, explosives, detonators... just the basics. Sarah is field-
text: stripping and cleaning guns, very methodical. There is no wasted
dialog: motion.
text: Not far away, John and Terminator are working on the Bronco. They're
text: greasy up to their elbows, lying on their backs under the engine
text: compartment, ratcheting bolts into places on the new water pump.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: There was this one guy that was kinda cool.
dialog: He taught me engines. Hold this a second. Mom
dialog: screwed it up, of course. Sooner or later she'd
dialog: always tell them about Judgment Day and me being
dialog: this world leader and that's be all she wrote.
text: John thinks he's being causal, but his longing for some kind of
text: parental connection is obvious.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Torque wrench please.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Here. I wish I coulda met my real dad.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: You will.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah. I guess so. My mom says when I'm, like,
dialog: 45, I think, I send him back through time to
dialog: 1984. But right now he hasn't even been born
dialog: yet. Man, is messes with your head. Where's
dialog: that other bolt?
dialog: (Terminator hands it to him)
dialog: Thanks. Mom and him were only together for one
dialog: night, but she still loves him, I guess. I see
dialog: her crying sometimes. She denies it totally,
dialog: of course. Like she says she got something in
dialog: her eye.
text: They crawl out from under the truck into the bright sunlight.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Why do you cry?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You mean people? I don't know. We just cry.
dialog: You know. When it hurts.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Pain causes it?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Uh-unh, no, it's different... It's when there's
dialog: nothing wrong with you but you hurt anyway. You
dialog: get it?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: No.
text: Terminator gets into the Bronco and turns the ignition key and the
text: engine catches with a roar.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Alriight!! My man!
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: No problemo.
text: John grins and does a victorious thumbs up.
text: Terminator imitates the gesture awkwardly.
text: John laughs and makes him get out of the truck, to try the move again.
text: A108 SARAH, across the compound, pauses in her work to watch John and
dialog: Terminator.
text: A109 SARAH'S POV... we don't hear what John and Terminator are saying. It
text: is a soundless pantomime as John is trying to show some other gestures
text: to the cyborg. Trying to get him to walk more casually. John walks,
text: then Terminator tries it, then John gestures wildly, talking very
dialog: fast... explaining the fundamental principles of cool. They try it
text: again. Continued ad lib as we hear:
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
text: Watching John with the machine, it was suddenly
dialog: so clear. The Terminator would never stop, it
dialog: would never leave him... it would always be
dialog: there. And it would never hurt him, never shout
dialog: at him or get drunk and hit him, or say it
dialog: couldn't spend time with him because it was too
dialog: busy. And it would die to protect him. Of all
dialog: the would-be fathers who came and went over the
dialog: years, this thing, this machine, was the only
dialog: one who measured up. In an insane world, it was
dialog: the sanest choice.
text: Sarah clenches her jaw and goes grimly back to work... a strong woman
text: made hard and cold by years of hard choices.
speaker_heading: CUT TO;
scene_heading: A110 EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: A police cruiser is parked off the side of a quiet, empty road on the
text: outskirts of Los Angeles. A ribbon of traffic moves steadily by on a
text: freeway in the distance. Nothing stirs around the cruiser except some
text: pump-jacks sucking the earth on the hill behind it.
text: A111 IN THE CRUISER. The T-1000 sits inside. John's notes and letters are
text: spread out on the seat beside it. Sarah's voice speaks from a
text: cassette deck. John's tapes. Her voices mixes with the static filled
text: chatter of the radio that T-1000 monitors for any signs of its
dialog: targets.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: ... if we are ever separated, and can't make
dialog: contact, go to Enrique's airstrip. I'll
dialog: rendezvous with you there.
text: T-1000 whips around and rewinds the tape, replaying the last section.
text: It then snaps up the envelope of photos we saw earlier.
text: ECU on envelope. We see the postmark: "Charon Mesa, Calif."
text: TIGHT ON T-1000 staring at the postmark on the envelope. It glances
text: up at the sound of crunching gravel. In the rear-view it sees a BIKE
text: COP pulling onto the shoulder behind it. The big KAWASAKI 1100 idles
text: up next to the T-1000, still seated in the cruiser.
speaker_heading: BIKE COP
dialog: Howdy. I saw you pulled over here earlier.
dialog: Everything okay?
speaker_heading: T-1000
dialog: Everything's fine. Thanks for checking.
dialog: (it gets slowly out of
dialog: the car)
dialog: Since you're here, though, can I talk to you
dialog: a second...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A112 EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY/MINUTES LATER
text: The T-1000 thunders along on the Kawasaki 1100, doing about a hundred
text: and twenty. PAN WITH IT until it recedes toward the horizon.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A113 EXT. COMPOUND - DAY (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: Sarah sits at the picnic table. The weapons are cleaned and her work
text: is done. She hasn't slept in twenty-four hours and she seems to have
text: the weight of the whole world on her shoulder.
text: She draws her knife from its belt sheath.
text: Idly starts to carve something on the table top... the letter "N".
text: A114 NOT FAR AWAY, John and Terminator are packing the Bronco for the trip.
text: A115 ON SARAH, AT THE TABLE as she looks up from her carving, thinking.
text: She watches Salceda's kids playing nearby... wrestling with a mutty
text: dog and loving it. Sarah watches Yolanda walking her toddler by her
text: hands. Backlit, stylized. She looks over at John. Loading guns and
dialog: supplies.
text: A116 ANGLE ON kids playing.
text: A117 SARAH'S HEAD droops. She closes her eyes.
text: A118 TIGHT ON small children playing. Different ones.
text: Wider now, to reveal a playground in a park. Very idyllic. A dream
text: playground, crowded with laughing children playing on swings, slides,
text: and a jungle gym. It could be the playground we saw melted and frozen
text: in the post-nuclear desolation of 2029. But here the grass is vibrant
text: green and the sun is shining.
text: 118A Sarah, short-haired, looking drab and paramilitary, stands outside the
text: playground. An outsider. Her fingers are hooked in a chain-link
text: fence and she is staring through the fence at the young mothers
text: playing with their kids. A grim-faced harbinger.
text: 118B Some girls play skip-rope. Their sing-song weaves through the random
text: burbling laughter of the kids. One of the young mothers walks her
text: two-year-old son by the hands. She is wearing a pink waitress
text: uniform. She turns to us, laughing.
text: It is Sarah. Beautiful. Radiant. Sarah from another life,
text: uncontaminated by the dark future. She glances at the strange woman
text: beyond the fence.
text: 118C Grim-faced Sarah presses against the fence. She starts shouting at
text: them in SLOW MOTION. No sound comes from her mouth. She grabs the
text: fence in frustration, shaking it. Screaming soundlessly.
text: Waitress Sarah's smile falls. Then returns as her little boy throws
text: some sand at her. She laughs, turns away, as if the woman at the
text: fence were a shadow, a trick of light.
speaker_heading: 118D-118F OMITTED
text: 118G THE SKY EXPLODES. The children ignite like match heads. Sarah is
text: burning, screaming silently, everything silent and overexposed.
text: 118H THE BLAST WAVE HITS... devouring the cowering mothers and children.
text: Sarah's scream merges with the howl of the wind as the shockwave rips
text: into her, blasting her apart and she...
text: 119 Wakes up.
text: All is quiet and normal. The children are still playing nearby. Less
text: than fifteen minutes have gone by.
text: Bathed in sweat, Sarah sits hunched over the table.
text: Every muscle is shaking. She is gasping.
text: Sarah struggles to breathe, running her hand through her hair which is
text: soaked with sweat, She can escape from the hospital, but she can't
text: escape from the madness which haunts her.
text: She looks down at the words she has carved on the table, amid the
text: scrawled hearts and bird-droppings. They are: "NO FATE."
text: Something changes in her eyes. She slams her knife down in the table
text: top, embedding it deeply in the words. Then gets up suddenly and
dialog: we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A120 LONG LENS on Sarah walking toward us, striding across the compound
text: with grim purpose. She carries a small nylon pack and a CAR-15
text: assault rifle. Her face is an impassive mask. She has become a
dialog: terminator.
text: A120A JOHN LOOKS UP from his work in time to see Sarah throw the rifle
text: behind the seat of their stolen pickup, jump in and start it. She
text: slams it in gear. Salceda walks up to John.
speaker_heading: SALCEDA
dialog: She said you go south with him...
dialog: (he points at Terminator)
dialog: ... tonight, like you planned. She will meet
dialog: you tomorrow in...
text: But John is moving, running after her.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Mommm!! Wait!!
text: A120B MOVING WITH SARAH as she leaves the compound. We see John running
text: after her... yelling. Can't hear his words. She looks in the rear-
text: view mirror but doesn't slow down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A121 EXT. COMPOUND - DUSK/MINUTES LATER
text: John and Terminator ponders the message carved into the top of the
text: picnic table. Sarah's knife is still embedded there.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: "No fate." No fate but what we make. My father
dialog: told her this... I mean I made him memorize it,
text: up in the future, as a message to her --
dialog: Never mind. Okay, the whole thing goes "The
dialog: future is not set. There is no fate but what
dialog: we make for ourselves."
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: She intends to change the future somehow.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I guess, yeah --
dialog: (snaps his fingers as it hit him)
dialog: Oh shit!!
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Dyson.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, gotta be! Miles Dyson! She's gonna blow
dialog: him away!
text: John motions to Terminator and breaks into a run.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Come on. Let's go. LET'S GO!!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A122 INT./EXT. SARAH'S JEEP - DUSK
text: Sarah speeds through the darkening desert. Expressionless. In her
text: dark glasses, she looks as pitiless as an insect.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: A123 EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: TRACKING WITH THE BRONCO, Terminator and John heading toward L.A.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: This is tactically dangerous.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Drive faster.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: The T-1000 has the same files that I do. It
dialog: could anticipate this move and reacquire you
text: at Dyson's house.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't care. We've gotta stop her.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Killing Dyson might actually prevent the war.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't care!! There's gotta be another way.
dialog: Haven't you learned anything?! Haven't you
dialog: figured out why you can't kill people?
text: Terminator is still stumped.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look, maybe you don't care if you live or die.
dialog: But everybody's not like that! Okay?! We have
dialog: feelings. We hurt. We're afraid. You gotta
dialog: learn this stuff, man, I'm not kidding. It's
dialog: important.
text: PANNING as they pass, revealing the lights of the city ahead.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A124 EXT, DYSON'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The house is high-tech and luxurious. Lots of glass. Dyson's study
text: is lit bluish with the glow of his computer monitors. He is at the
text: terminal, working. Where else? We see him clearly in a long shot
text: from an embankment behind the house.
text: A DARK FIGURE moves into the foreground. Rack focus to Sarah as she
text: turns into profile. She raises the CAR-15 rifle and begins screwing
text: the long heavy cylinder of a sound-suppresser onto the end of the
dialog: barrel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: A125-A125K OMITTED
speaker_heading: 129 OMITTED
scene_heading: 129A INT. DYSON HOUSE
text: Dyson's kids, Danny and Blythe, are playing in the halls with a radio-
text: controlled off-road truck. Danny drives and Blythe scampers after it,
text: trying to catch it. They stop in the hall outside Dyson's study and
text: sees him working at his terminal. Danny puts a finger to his lips,
text: shushing Blythe. His expression is mischievous.
text: 129B With the silencer in place, Sarah eases back the bolt and then slips
text: it forward, chambering a .223 round. Then she lies down on the
text: embankment.
text: He cheek pressed against the cool rifle-stock, she slides one hand
text: slowly forward to brace the weapon, taking the weight on her elbow.
text: Her other hand slips knowingly to the trigger.
text: Her expression is cold, impassive. She looks through the scope at the
text: man in the house. She feels nothing as she raises the rifle.
speaker_heading: 130 OMITTED
scene_heading: 130A INT. DYSON'S HOUSE
text: DYSON, in deep thought. The rhythmic sounds of keys as he works.
text: Symbols on the screen shift.
text: ON HIS BACK we see the glowing red dot appear. It is the target dot
text: of Sarah's laser designator. It moves silently up his back toward
text: his head.
scene_heading: 131 EXT. DYSON HOUSE/EMBANKMENT
text: IN EXTREME CLOSEUP we see Sarah's eye at the night-scope.
text: TIGHT INSERT on her finger as it tightens on the trigger, taking out
text: the slack. She takes a deep breath and holds it. Adjusts her
dialog: position minutely.
scene_heading: 132 INT. DYSON HOUSE
text: The laser dot jiggles on the back of Dyson's neck and then rises,
text: centering on the back of his skull.
text: 132A LOW ANGLE as Danny's Bigfoot truck roars toward us -- FILLING FRAME.
text: Thump. It hits Dyson's foot. He jerks, startled, and looks down
dialog: as --
dialog: POP!!
text: 132B His monitor screen is BLOWN OUT spraying his with glass. He jerks
text: back, utterly shocked... and spins to see the huge hole blown through
text: the window behind him. This saves him as K-THUMP! -- the second shot
text: blows the top of his high-backed chain into an explosion of stuffing
text: an inch from his head.
text: Instinctively he dives to the carpet as --
text: BLAM BLAM BLAM -- rounds blast through the window, tearing into his
text: desk and computer, blowing his keyboard into shrapnel.
text: 132C With the monitor screen blown out, the room is in darkness. Sarah
text: can't see Dyson now, down behind his desk. She puts round after round
text: into the heavy desk, blasting one side of it into kindling.
text: 132D Dyson, scared out of his mind, has his face jammed against the carpet,
text: terrified to move. He sees his kids in the hall.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Run, kids! Go! Run!
text: 132E IN THE HALL, TARISSA rounds the corner at a dead run. She sees the
text: kids running toward her and grabs them in her arms. Down the hall,
text: in the dark study, she sees Dyson on the floor amid the splinters and
text: shrapnel of the continuing fusillade.
speaker_heading: TARISSA
dialog: Miles! Oh my God!!
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Stay back!!
text: 132F ON THE FLOOR, Dyson flinches as chucks of wood and shattered computer
text: components shower down on him. He looks desperately toward the door,
dialog: but knows he'd be totally exposed. He'd never make it.
text: 133 SARAH's rifle empties with a final CLACK!
text: She throws it down and draws her .45 smoothly from a shoulder base.
text: She starts toward the house, snapping back the slide on the pistol,
text: chambering a round. She is in a fast, purposeful walk, keeping her
text: eyes fixed on the target. She is utterly determined to kill this man.
text: 134 FROM UNDER THE DESK Dyson can see a sliver in the backyard. He sees
text: Sarah's feet as she strides toward him. He tenses to make a break for
dialog: the door.
text: Sarah raises the pistol, eyes riveted ahead, controlling her
text: breathing. Dyson springs up in a full-tilt sprint. She tracks him.
text: He hooks a foot on the cord of a toppled disk drive.
text: BOOM! Her shot blows apart a lamp where his head was.
text: He hits the floor hard, but keeps moving, scrambling forward.
text: Crunch of glass behind his as Sarah's dark form is framed in the
text: blown-out floor-to-ceiling window. Dyson leaps toward the hall.
text: BOOM! Her second shot spins him. He hits the floor in the hallway.
text: Tarissa is screaming. Dyson struggles forward, stunned. There is a
text: .45-caliber hole clean through his left shoulder. He smears the wall
text: with blood as he staggers up. Looking back, he sees the implacable
text: figure behind him, coming on.
text: He topples through a doorway as --
text: BOOM! BOOM! Shots blowing away the molding where he just was.
scene_heading: 135 EXT. DYSON HOUSE/STREET
text: Terminator and John leap from the jeep, sprinting toward the house.
text: The shots sound muffles from outside.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Shit, we're too late!
scene_heading: 136 INT. HOUSE
text: Advancing with Sarah we enter the living area. Tarissa has Blythe and
text: she's screaming at Danny, who has run back to his collapsed father.
speaker_heading: TARISSA
dialog: Danny! DANNY!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Daaaaddddeeee!
text: Danny is pulling at Dyson, crying and screaming, as his father tries
text: to stagger forward. Tarissa drops Blythe and runs back for Dyson,
text: grabbing him. Sarah looms behind them with the pistol aimed.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Don't fucking move! Don't FUCKING MOVE!!
text: (she swings the gun on
dialog: Tarissa)
dialog: Get on the floor, bitch! Now!! Fucking down!
dialog: NOW!!
text: Sarah is crazy-eyed now, shaking with the intensity of the moment.
text: The kill has gone bad, with screaming kids and the wife involved...
text: things she never figured on. Tarissa drops to the knees, terrified
text: as she looks into the muzzle of the gun. Blythe runs to Dyson and
text: hugs him, wailing.
speaker_heading: BLYTHE
dialog: Don't hurt my father!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Shut up, kid! Get out of the way!!
text: Dyson looks up, through his pain and incomprehension. Why is this
text: nightmare happening? The black gun muzzle is a foot from his face.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: Please... let... the kids... go...
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Shut up! SHUT UP!! Motherfucker! It's all
dialog: your fault! IT'S YOUR FAULT!!
text: We see her psyching herself to pull the trigger... needing now to hate
text: this man she doesn't know. It's a lot harder face-to-face. She is
text: bathed in sweat, and it runs into her eyes. Blinking, she wipes it
text: fast with one hand, then gets it back on the gun. The .45 is
dialog: trembling.
text: TIGHT ON SARAH as we see the forces at war behind her eyes.
text: She looks into the faces of Dyson, Tarissa, Blythe, Danny.
text: Sarah takes a sharp breath and all the muscles in her arms contract
text: as she tenses to fire.
dialog: But her finger won't do it.
text: She lowers the gun very slowly. It drops to her side in one hand.
text: All the breath and energy seems to go out of her.
text: She weakly raises her other hand in a strange gesture, like "Stay
dialog: where you are, don't move". As if, should they move, the fragile
dialog: balance might tip back the other way.
text: She backs away from them slowly, panting. It's as if she's backing
text: away in terror from what she almost did. She reaches a wall and
text: slumps against it. Slides down to her knees. The gun falls limply
text: from her fingers.
text: She rests her cheek against the wall.
text: 136A The front door is kicked in.
text: Terminator steps inside. John grabs his sleeve and pushes past him.
text: He scopes out the situation in two seconds... Sarah, the gun, the
text: sobbing family. John moves to Sarah while Terminator checks Dyson.
text: John kneels in front of his mother. She raises her head to look at
text: him. He sees the tears spilling down her cheeks,
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Mom? You okay?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I couldn't... oh, God.
dialog: (she seems to she him for
dialog: the first time)
dialog: You... came here... to stop me?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Uh huh.
text: She reaches out and takes his shoulder suddenly, surprising him...
text: drawing him to her. She hugs him and a great sob wells up deep inside
text: her, from a spring she had thought long dry. She hugs him fiercely
text: as the sobs wrack her.
text: John clutches her shoulders. It is all he ever wanted.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It's okay. It'll by okay. We'll figure it
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I love you, John. I always have.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I know, Mom. I know.
text: TARISSA looks around at the bizarre tableau. Terminator has
text: wordlessly ripped open Dyson's shirt and examined the wound.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: Clean penetration. No shattered bone.
dialog: Compression should control the loss of blood.
text: He takes Tarissa's hands and presses them firmly over the entrance and
dialog: exit wounds.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Do you have bandages?
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: In the bathroom. Danny, can you get them for
dialog: us?
text: Danny nods and runs down the hall.
text: John disengages from Sarah. She wipes her tears, the instinct to
text: toughen up taking over again. But the healing moment has had its
dialog: effect, nevertheless.
text: John walks toward Dyson and Terminator.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Who are you people?
text: John draws the Biker's knife from Terminator's boot. Hands it to him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Show him.
text: Terminator takes off his jacket to reveal bare arms.
text: John takes Blythe by the hands and leads her down the hall, away
dialog: from what is about to happen.
text: 136B TIGHT ON TERMINATOR'S left forearm as the knife makes a deep cut just
text: below the elbow. In one smooth motion, Terminator cuts all the way
text: around his arm. With a second cut, he splits the skin of the forearm
dialog: from elbow to wrist.
text: TERMINATOR grasps the skin and strips is off his forearm like a
text: surgeon rips off a rubber glove. It comes off with a sucking rip,
text: leaving a bloody skeleton.
text: But the skeleton is made of bright metal, and is laced with hydraulic
text: actuators. The fingers are as finely crafted as watch parts... they
text: flex into a fist and extend. Terminator holds it up, palm out, in
text: almost the exact position of the one in the vault at Cyberdyne,
text: HOLD ON DYSON reacting to the servo-hand in front of him.
dialog: He's seen one of these before.
text: Tarissa is screaming now, but he doesn't hear her.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: My God.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Now listen to me very carefully.
scene_heading: 137 INT. HOUSE/KITCHEN - LATER
text: Sarah puts out her fifth cigarette. She's sitting on the counter.
text: John, Terminator, Dyson, and Tarissa are at the kitchen table, under
text: a single overhead light.
text: Dyson looks like that guy on the Sistine Chapel wall, the damned
text: soul... eyes fixed and staring with terrifying knowledge. His
text: shoulder is bandaged. Terminator's arm is wrapped with a blood-soaked
text: bandage below the elbow. The steel forearm and hand gleam in the
text: harsh kitchen light. TRACKING AROUND THE TABLE as Terminator
text: speaks... we don't hear the words.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
text: Dyson listened while the Terminator laid it all
dialog: down. Skynet. Judgment Day... the history of
dialog: things to come. It's not every day you find
dialog: out you're responsible for 3 billion deaths.
dialog: He took it pretty well, considering...
text: Terminator finishes speaking.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: I feel like I'M gonna throw up.
text: He looks around at them, clutching the table like he's about to blow
text: away. His face, his posture, his ragged voice express soul-wrenching
text: terror. This is a man ripped out of normal life into their grim
text: world. His voice is pleading.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: You're judging me on thing's I haven't even
dialog: done yet. Jesus. How were we supposed to know?
text: Sarah speaks from the shadows behind them. Dyson turns to find her
text: looking right at him.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Yeah. Right. How were you supposed to know?
dialog: Fucking men... all you know how to do is thrust
dialog: into the world with your... fucking ideas and
dialog: your weapons. Did you know that every gun in
dialog: the world is named after a man? Colt, Browning,
dialog: Smith, Thompson, Kalashnikov... all men. Men
dialog: built the hydrogen bomb, not women... men like
dialog: you thought it up. You're so creative. You
dialog: don't know what it's like to really create
dialog: something... to create a life. To feel it growing
dialog: inside you. All you know how to create is
dialog: death... you fucking bastards.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Mom, Mom, we need to be more constructive here.
dialog: I don't see this as a gender-related issue.
dialog: (to the Dysons)
text: She's still tense.
dialog: (to Sarah)
dialog: We still have to figure out how to stop it all
dialog: from happening. Right?
speaker_heading: TARISSA
dialog: But I thought... aren't we changing things? I
dialog: mean... right now? Changing the way it goes?
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: (seizing on that)
dialog: That's right! There's no way I'm going to
dialog: finish the new processor now. Forget it. I'm
dialog: out of it. I'm quitting Cyberdyne tomorrow...
dialog: I'll sell real estate, I don't care,,,
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: That's not good enough.
text: Dyson's voice is pitiful.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Look, whatever you want me to do, I'll do. I
dialog: just want my kids to have a chance to grow up,
dialog: okay?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: No one must follow your work.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: (thoughts racing)
dialog: Alright, yeah. You're right. We have to
dialog: destroy the stuff at the lab, the files, disk
dialog: drive... and everything I have here. Everything!
dialog: I don't care.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: 138 FIRE ROARING IN A METAL TRASH BARREL.
text: Stacks of files are dumped onto it.
dialog: WIDER reveals we are in --
scene_heading: 138A EXT, DYSON'S BACKYARD - NIGHT
text: Terminator dumps lighter fluid liberally over the fire, which flares
text: up, lighting his face demonically. Sarah, Dyson, Tarissa, and John
text: return from his office with more stuff -- files, notes, optical disks.
text: Even his kids are carrying stuff. It all goes into the fire. Dyson
text: drops the prototype onto the fire... his eyes hollow and distant.
text: He stares into the fire, watching his world burning. The has a
text: sudden thought.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Do you know about the chip?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What chip?
speaker_heading: DYSON
text: They have it in a vault at Cyberdyne...
dialog: (to Terminator)
dialog: It's gotta be from the other one like you.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: (to Sarah)
text: The CPU from the first terminator.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Son of a bitch, I knew it!
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: They told us not to ask where they got it. I
dialog: thought... Japan... hell, I don't know. I
dialog: didn't want to know.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Those lying motherfuckers!
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: I was scary stuff, radically advanced. It was
dialog: shattered... didn't work. But it gave us ideas,
dialog: It took us in new directions... things we would
dialog: never have thought of. All this work is based
dialog: on it.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I must be destroyed.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (to Dyson)
dialog: Can you get us in there, past security?
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: I think so, yeah. When?
text: Dyson looks at her, Terminator, then John. Sees his answer.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Now?
dialog: (he takes a breath)
dialog: Yeah, right.
text: He turns to his wife. Her face is streaked with tears, but her eyes
text: are strong and clear. Tarissa puts her hands on his arm. She is
text: stunned by what she's heard, but dealing with it. She believe them.
speaker_heading: TARISSA
dialog: Miles, I'm scared. Okay. But the only thing
dialog: that scares me more than you going... is you
dialog: not going.
text: He nods. She's right.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (to Terminator)
dialog: Is it safe for them here?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: (to Tarissa)
dialog: Take your kids. Go to a hotel. Right now.
dialog: Don't pack.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 138B EXT, HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: Pavement rushing at us, lit by headlights. Beyond, darkness.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: The future, always so clear to me, has become
text: like a black highway at night. We were in
dialog: uncharted territory now... making up history
dialog: as we went along.
text: TILT UP to reveal a rectangle of light ahead. The Cyberdyne
dialog: Building...
scene_heading: 139 INT. CYBERDYNE SYSTEMS BUILDING/LOBBY - NIGHT
text: TIGHT ON A CARD-KEY SCANNER as Dyson's hand zips his security card
text: through a slot in one motion. There is the sound of a servo-lock,
dialog: and --
text: 139A DYSON enter the spacious lobby, followed by Sarah, John, and
text: Terminator last of all. In a frontal angle, the others block
text: Terminator from view.
text: THE GUARD at the front desk, GIBBONS, looks up as Dyson moves toward
text: him. Dyson is pale and sweaty, but smiles warmly at the guard,
text: speaking well before he reaches the desk.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Evening, Paul. These are friends of mine from
dialog: out of town, I just thought I'd take them up
dialog: and show them around.
speaker_heading: GIBBONS
dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. Dyson. You know the rules about
dialog: visitors in the lab. I need written authoriz --
text: K-CHAK! Gibbons is staring down the barrels of Sarah's .45 and
text: Terminator's MAC-10.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I insist.
text: The guard is too stunned to move. We see that Terminator is wearing
text: his jacket and one black glove.
text: Gibbon's eyes go to the silent alarm button on the console.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Don't even think about it.
text: Gibbons nods. He stays frozen. Terminator circles quickly and gets
text: the guard out of the chair. John pulls a roll of duct-tape from his
text: knapsack and tears off a piece.
scene_heading: 140 INT. SECOND FLOOR CORRIDOR
text: ELEVATOR DOORS OPEN and Terminator leads the group warily into the
text: corridor. They have a cart piled high with gear in nylon bags.
text: Dyson motions down the corridor to the right. As they walk, he
dialog: continues to fill them in --
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: The vault needs two keys to open. Mine...
dialog: (holds up key)
dialog: ... and one from the security station. It's in
dialog: a locker but my card should access it. Here
dialog: we go.
text: They stand in front of a wide security door. A sign above reads
scene_heading: SPECIAL PROJECTS DIVISION: AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY. Dyson zips
text: his key-card through the scanner and the door unlatches.
speaker_heading: 141 OMITTED
scene_heading: 142 INT. FIRST FLOOR CORRIDOR/LOBBY
text: A ROVING GUARD, MOSHIER, strolls down the long corridor from the
text: first-floor office block. A punch clock swings at his hip, and he's
text: just completed his circuit of the building. He passes the back of
text: elevators and rounds the corner to the front desk, calling out --
speaker_heading: MOSHIER
dialog: Honey, I'm home...
text: He sees the desk is deserted and frowns. Figures Gibbons must be in
text: the can, so checks that first before getting alarmed.
text: TRACKING WITH HIM to the restroom around the corner,
speaker_heading: MOSHIER
dialog: Hey, man, you shouldn't leave the --
text: 142A OVER HIS SHOULDER we see past the door as he pushes it open, revealing
text: Gibbons handcuffed to the urinal. Moshier spins on a dime and sprints
text: to the desk where he slams down on the silent alarm button.
scene_heading: 153 INT. SECURITY STATION
text: The security station is a pass-through area with a counter, behind
text: which are desks and a bank of monitors, showing boring movies about
text: empty corridors. Dyson crosses quickly to a locker behind the
text: monitor area. He swished his card repeatedly through the scanner on
text: the locker. Nothing happens. The light on the locker is blinking
text: red. Sarah notices Dyson's alarmed expression.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: What? WHAT IS IT?
text: Dyson whips around, staring at a light flashing on the console behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DYSON
text: Silent alarm's been tripped. It neutralizes
dialog: the codes throughout the building. Nothing'll
text: open now.
text: We see his nerve snapping.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: We should abort.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: NO!! We're going all the way! You got that,
dialog: Dyson?
text: She's right in his face. Somehow, it works for him. He nods, getting
text: some resolve from somewhere.
scene_heading: 144 INT. LOBBY
text: Moshier's gotten Gibbons loose. He's on the phone to the cops.
speaker_heading: GIBBONS
dialog: ... multiple armed subjects. Look, I think
dialog: it's the guy from that mall shootout, and the
dialog: woman... yeah, her. Pretty sure. Just send
dialog: everything you've got in the area --
scene_heading: 145 INT. SECURITY STATION./LAB
text: John jumps up on the desk next to the wall-mounted locker. Dyson
text: stares in amazement as John starts pulling his counter-electronics
text: gear out of his knapsack. It's just another Ready-Teller to him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You guys get started on the lab... I can open
dialog: this.
text: 145A Dyson leads Terminator and Sarah to the main lab doors. Another
dialog: servo-lock.
text: He tries his card. Nothing.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: No good.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Let me try mine.
text: He unslings the M-79, pulling it over his shoulder in one motion.
text: Sarah grabs Dyson and drags him back down the hall.
text: Terminator opens the breach and slide in one of the fat 40mm H.E.
text: grenades. He flips the thing closed with a snap of the wrist.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (yelling as she runs)
dialog: John! Fire-in-the-hole!
text: John drops what he is doing, and covers his ears.
text: Terminator fires at inhumanely close range.
text: 145B The door EXPLODES into kindling. The concussion blow his jacket
text: open, and flying shrapnel whizzes all around him. Before the
text: thunderclap has faded Terminator walks into the fire and smoke.
text: John goes back to work without missing a beat.
text: Sarah and a stunned Dyson walk through the burning doorframe into the
dialog: Artificial Intelligence Lab.
text: A SIREN is sounding. The HALON FIRE-CONTROL SYSTEM has been
text: triggered. The invisible gas roars in, putting out the flames.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Fire's set off the halo system! Here...
dialog: hurry!
text: Dyson runs to a wall cabinet and pulls out some BREATHING MASKS. He
text: hands one to Sarah and dons the other. Then he reaches out to hand
dialog: one to Terminator.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Here!
dialog: Terminator doesn't need a mask, since is oxygen requirements are so
text: low. He ignores Dyson as he removes his massive backpack and opens
text: it. Dyson shrugs and tosses the mask on a desk. He turns to Sarah.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: (yelling through the mask)
dialog: We'll have to keep these on a couple minutes,
text: till the gas clears.
text: Terminator pulls two five-gallon jerry-cans of gasoline from his
dialog: pack.
text: Sarah starts pulling out book-sized, olive-grab CLAYMORE MINES,
text: stacking them next to the gasoline. Dyson stares. Part of him can't
dialog: believe they're really doing this.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 146 INT. DYSON HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The T-1000 moves slowly though the ravaged office, analyzing what has
text: happened here. It walks down the dark hallway. The place is
text: deserted. The police-walkie clipped on its belt (real, not simulated)
text: blares to life.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (V.O.)
text: All units, all units. 211 in progress at 2144
text: Kramer Street, the Cyberdyne building. Multiple
text: suspects, armed with automatic weapons and
text: explosives. SWAT unit is en route...
scene_heading: 147 EXT. HOUSE/STREET
text: The T-1000 sprints up and throws its leg over the big C.H.P. Kawasaki.
text: Fires it up. It smokes an arcing scorch-mark on the pavement as it
text: spins around and roars away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 148 INT. CYBERDYNE BUILDING/LAB
text: TIGHT ON A LARGE DISK DRIVE. State-of-the-art. Very expensive. A
text: FIRE AXE smashes down through the housing, shattering the disk.
text: 148A WIDER, revealing a scene of high-tech pillage. Terminator beats the
text: disk drive into junk and steps to another. WHAM. Same routine. He's
text: already demolished half a dozen.
text: Sarah topples a file cabinet, scattering files.
text: Dyson staggers up with an armload of heavy M-O (magnetic-optical)
text: disks and drops them on a growing stack in the middle of the floor.
text: He and Sarah have their breathing masks hanging down around their
text: necks, since the halon gas has dissipated.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: (to Sarah, panting)
dialog: Yeah, all that stuff! And all the disks in
dialog: those offices. Especially my office...
dialog: everything in my office!
dialog: (to Terminator)
dialog: These, too! This is important.
speaker_heading: (SMASH!)
dialog: And all this here... that's it.
text: 148B Sarah goes into Dyson's office and starts hurling everything out the
text: door onto the central junkpile... books, files, everything on the
dialog: desk.
text: A FRAMED PHOTO of Dyson's wife and kids lands on top of the heap.
text: Tarissa, hugging Danny and Blythe, all grinning. The glass is
text: shattered.
text: 148C Terminator cuts a swath, under Dyson's direction, exploding equipment
text: into fragments with his inhuman swings.
text: SMASH! It's carnage. Millions in hardware, and all irreplaceable
text: fruits of their years of research... shattered, broken, dumped in a
text: heap for the big bonfire of destiny.
text: Dyson stops a second, panting.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Give me that thing a second.
text: Terminator hands him the axe. Dyson hefts it one-handed. He turns to
text: a lab table... on it is another prototype processor.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: I've worked for years on this thing.
text: Swinging awkwardly but with great force he smashes the axe down onto
text: the processor prototype, exploding it into fragments. His shoulder is
text: agony, but he looks satisfied.
scene_heading: 149 INT. SECOND FLOOR SECURITY STATION
text: John taps away at his little lap-top, which is running code
text: combinations into the card-key lock. Suddenly, the green light on
text: the lock goes on and it unlocks with a clunk.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Easy money.
text: He whips it open, revealing a rack of keys. But the VAULT-KEY is
text: distinctive, a long steel rectangle on a neck-chain. John grabs it
text: and runs toward the lab.
scene_heading: 150 INT. LAB
text: Sarah and Terminator are working like a crack team, rigging the
text: explosives. She is taping the claymores to the gas cans with duct
text: tape to create powerful incendiary bombs. Terminator is attaching
text: claymores and blocks of C-4 plastic explosive to the large MAINFRAME
text: COMPUTER cabinets nearby. All the claymores are wired back to one
text: detonator with has a RADIO-CONTROL RELAY switch.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: How do you set them off?
text: Terminator shows him a REMOTE DETONATOR, a small transmitter with a
text: red plunger.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Radio remote.
text: He makes a plunger-pushing motion with his thumb and an accompanying
text: "click" sound. Dyson nods.
text: Just then John comes running in, holding up the key.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I got it. Piece of cake.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (to Dyson and Terminator)
dialog: Go! I'll finish here.
text: They run out as the SOUND OF SIRENS grow louder outside.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I'll deal with the police.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Remember what I said, you can't...
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Trust me.
scene_heading: 151 EXT. CYBERDYNE BUILDING
text: The security duo of Moshier and Gibbons cowers behind cars in the
text: parking lot in front of the building. They turns as L.A.P.D. BLACK-
text: AND-WHITES pour into the lot, turn the area into a disco of whirling
text: blue and red lights.
speaker_heading: 152 OMITTED
scene_heading: 153 EXT. CYBERDYNE BUILDING
text: The cops are jumping from their cars and ducking behind them.
text: Emphasis on small arms here. Behind them an ugly BLACK SWAT VAN
text: screeches into the lot.
text: 153A We hear the THUMP OF ROTORS as a POLICE CHOPPER arrives and swings in
text: close to the building. It rakes its XENON SPOTLIGHT through the
dialog: second floor offices.
scene_heading: 154 INT./EXT. SECOND FLOOR OFFICE
text: Terminator crosses the office toward the floor-to-ceiling windows.
text: He is outlines starkly by the spotlight as it rakes through the dark
text: offices. Without breaking stride he kicks an executive desk toward
dialog: the window.
text: 154A Glass explodes outward and the desk topples, falling to the sidewalk
dialog: below.
text: 154B Terminator, standing at the edge, FIRES A LONG BURST with strafes the
text: police cars lines up below. Cops duck as glass flies. Terminator,
text: with his superb aim, hits no one. But noticed is served.
text: 154C The cops (surprise) FIRE BACK. Terminator turns and is walking
text: calmly from the window as glass, office furniture, drapes etc. are
text: riddled by return fire. A few rounds hit his back, but he doesn't
text: notice. He reloads as he walks.
scene_heading: 155 INT. VAULT ANTECHAMBER
text: TIGHT ON A KEY inserted into one of the vault locks.
text: WIDER as John and Dyson stand poised, hands on keys.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And let's see what's behind door number one.
text: Dyson nods and they turns the keys together. The vault grumbles to
text: itself, withdrawing it locking bolts with a final KLONK!
text: Together Dyson and John swing the door open.
scene_heading: 156 EXT./INT. LOBBY
text: The varsity takes the field as the SWAT TROOPERS sprint forward by
text: squads. They flank the lobby and work their way inside, deploying
text: rapidly. They move and freeze, behind cover, quivering with
dialog: adrenaline. They have all that great SWAT equipment: body armor,
text: gas-masks, M-16s, tear-gas launchers, ropes. The works. They make
dialog: a lot of hand signals and keep their mouths shut. They're well-
dialog: trained and deadly.
text: 157 OUTSIDE we see cops firing TEAR GAS grenades through the broken
text: windows into second-floor offices.
scene_heading: 158 INT. VAULT
text: John and Dyson are isolated from the world in this silent steel womb.
text: Dyson opens the cabinet containing the terminator relics. It's John
text: turn to stare with uneasy deja-vu as he sees the terminator hand and
dialog: CPU.
text: Then in one vicious move he sweeps his arm behind the inert-gas flasks
text: and hurls them to the floor. They SHATTER. John snatches the CPU
text: and the metal hand out of the broken glass.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Got ol' Skynet by the ball now, Miles. Come
dialog: on, let's book!
text: Clutching the steel hand and pocketing the chip like it's a Mars bar
text: he just bought, John runs out. Dyson follows.
scene_heading: 159 INT. FIRST FLOOR CORRIDOR/STAIRWELL
text: We see the advance squad of SWATs make it to one of the stairwells.
text: They start up, two at a time, covering each other ritualistically by
dialog: the numbers.
scene_heading: 160 INT. LAB/HALL
text: John pelts into the lab with Dyson stumbling along behind him.
text: Sarah is just finished wiring all the charges to the central
dialog: detonator.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Ready to rock?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Ready.
text: John tosses her the metal hand. She catches it and bends to put the
text: hand in her empty back-pack. Sarah zips the pack and starts to shuck
dialog: into it.
text: Dyson's running out of steam. The bandages at his shoulder are soaked
text: with seeping blood. He stands in the middle of the lab, saying
text: goodbye in his mind, looking weak and empty.
text: Terminator strides into the lab.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Time to go. Right now.
text: He and John head back the way they came, through security.
text: Sarah sees that in her work, she has set the detonator down twenty
text: feet away, near where Dyson is standing.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Dyson, hand me the detonator. Let's go --
text: He gingerly picks up the detonator. Starts toward her. Then --
text: 160A CRASH!! THE DOORS AT THE BACK END OF THE LAB ARE KICKED OPEN.
text: SWAT LEADER and two others OPEN FIRE.
text: Their M-16s rake the room. Sarah dives behind a computer cabinet.
text: Dyson is HIT. He is slammed to the floor by the impacts.
text: 161 IN THE HALL, John hears the firing and spins to run back.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Mommm!!!
text: Terminator grabs him as bullets slam into his broad back. He makes
text: it around the corner with John, out of the line of fire.
text: 162 IN THE LAB, bullets rake over Sarah's head, smacking all around her,
text: clanging into the machine protecting her. She can see Dyson, slumped
text: on the floor. Debris and flying glass rain on her as the SWATs pour
text: on the fire. The detonator is clutched in his hand. He rolls to face
text: her, his eyes bulging from the pain of his torn-up guts.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: Go.
text: 162A Sarah hesitates a split second. Then she snap-rolls and fast-crawls
text: through broken glass and debris into the hall where --
text: TERMINATOR grabs her by the jacket and hauls her roughly to her feet.
text: Bullets rake the walls behind them as they sprint forward. They
text: round the corner. John does a fast take that she's not hit and they
text: run together through the security checkpoint.
scene_heading: 163 INT. SECURITY STATION/CORRIDOR
text: John reaches the first door, and tries it. Locked.
text: Terminator unslings the M-79 blooper smoothly, opening the breach.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Get back.
text: He pulls a grenade from the bandolier over his shoulder, and slides
text: it into the bore. Flick his wrist. The breech snaps shut. Sarah
text: and John have a split second to duck and cover.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Cover you ears and open you mouth.
text: 163A They do. KABOOM!!! Twenty feet away the door, and half the wall
text: around it, EXPLODES outward. The backblast hits Terminator full
text: force, but he strides through the smoking hole before the debris has
dialog: even hit the floor.
speaker_heading: 164 OMITTED
scene_heading: 165 INT. LAB
text: SWAT LEADER moves cautiously through the lab. Cat-stepping, he
text: circles around a desk which block Dyson's body from his view. His
text: M-16 is leveled crisply. We look over his shoulder as he rounds the
dialog: desk, revealing --
text: MILES DYSON is not dead. He will be very soon, but at this moment he
text: is conscious. He has propped himself up against the desk, and holds a
text: BOOK in one hand. A heavy technical manual.
text: Below the book is the detonator, upright on the tile floor.
text: The message is clear. "Shoot me, the book drops on the plunger.
text: Adios." Dyson wheezes, trying to draw enough breath to talk.
speaker_heading: DYSON
dialog: I don't know... how much longer... I can...
dialog: hold this thing...
text: SWAT Leader seems to see the wires, the claymores, the gas cans all
text: around him for the first time. His eyes, visible through his gas-
dialog: mask, go very wide.
text: He spins and motions his squad back.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Fall back!! Everybody out! Move it! OUT
dialog: NOW!
text: They retreat so fast they crash into the next group coming up the
dialog: stairs.
scene_heading: 166 INT. CORRIDOR
text: Terminator reaches the main elevators. Hits the button. Sarah and
text: John are coughing and stumbling in the choking darkness, buddy-
text: breathing with the single mask. The doors open. They get in the
text: elevator and head down.
scene_heading: 167 INT. LAB
text: Dyson is lying amid the ruins of his dreams. Sprawled on the floor,
text: he has his back propped up against the desk. He is bathed in his own
text: blood, which runs out in long fingers across the tiles. His breathing
text: is shallow and raspy. He still holds the book, trembling, above the
dialog: switch.
text: In his lap is the picture from his desk. He has pulled it from the
text: debris next to him. A tear trickles from his eye. His wife and
text: children smile up at him through broken glass.
speaker_heading: 168 OMITTED
text: 169 CUT TO THE PUPIL OF HIS EYE, at the moment of death, the instant the
text: light fade from his eyes and he is gone --
text: His arm drops and the book his the switch --
scene_heading: 170 EXT. BUILDING
text: As the face of the building EXPLODES in an eruption of glass and fire.
text: Remains of the second-floor windows shower the parking lot and a huge
text: fireball rolls out, leaping into the sky.
text: The cops look up, stunned. The helicopter banks away from the heat.
text: Burning debris falls among the cop cars and a number of officers
text: break ranks, pulling back.
text: 171 ONLY ONE OF THEM seems to be moving with purpose. A BIKE COP who has
text: just arrived drives through the disorganized crowd, directly toward
dialog: the building.
text: 171A T-1000 guns the bike up a ramp to a pedestrian bridge which crosses
text: from a parking structure to the Cyberdyne building. It enters on the
text: second floor, which is now a burning maze.
scene_heading: 172 INT. SECOND FLOOR/OFFICE/CORRIDOR
text: T-1000 drives into the smoky wreckage. It draws a Hoechler and Koch
text: MPK machine pistol and cruises slowly into the firelit offices,
dialog: scanning.
text: 172A IN THE CORRIDOR the bike skirts flaming wreckage as it idles forward.
text: T-1000 scans the leaping shadows for its prey.
scene_heading: 173 INT. GROUND FLOOR/ELEVATOR/LOBBY
text: The elevator doors part and Terminator eases a look out into the
text: corridor. The walls on either side of him ERUPT WITH BULLET HITS.
text: The SWATs have the lobby end of the corridor blocked off. They're
text: totally trapped, cut off and screwed.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Sarah)
dialog: Don't forget. It's always darkness right
dialog: before... you're totally fucked.
text: 173A The SWATs fire a tear-gas grenade toward the elevators. It spews the
text: vicious CS gas out in a swirling cloud which envelops Sarah and John,
text: who are pressed against the back wall of the elevator.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Keep your eyes closed. Don't move.
text: (they nod, eyes squeezed shut)
dialog: I'll be back.
text: He slings the grenade launcher over his shoulder and walks out into
dialog: the corridor.
text: 173B BLAM. A tear-gas grenade ricochets from wall to wall as it flies down
text: the corridor. It skids to rest in front of Terminator, throwing out
text: a white cloud which quickly fills the corridor.
text: 173C In the elevator, Sarah and John are choking, handing the breathing
text: mask back and forth desperately. They're scarred. This looks like
dialog: it.
text: 173D ANGLE ON THE SWAT TEAM, gripping their weapons at the mouth of the
text: corridor. They watch the boiling cloud, waiting.
text: 173E THEIR POV -- on the wall of boiling smoke. A FIGURE APPEARS. Walking
text: Totally unaffected. Terminator emerges from the smoke. Not even
text: misty-eyed. Not what they expected.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: (through megaphone)
dialog: Stop where you are. Lie down on the floor,
dialog: face down. Down on floor, now!
text: He continues to stride toward them.
text: The SWATs tense up. They've never seen anything like this. They're
text: not sure what to do. Closer and closer.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Drop him.
text: They OPEN FIRE. The corridor is filled with CRACKING THUNDER. The
text: rounds tear into Terminator's chest. Stomach. Face. Thighs. His
text: leather jacket leaps and jerks as the rounds hit him. The SWATs
text: think the guy's wearing body armor or something. They keep firing.
text: The rounds tear into him, staggering him slightly, but he keeps
dialog: moving.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: You're not hitting him!
speaker_heading: SWAT #1
dialog: (getting scared)
dialog: Yes I am!
text: Terminator draws his .45 smoothly. Unhurried. He shoots the nearest
text: man in the left thigh. As he screams and drops, Terminator shoots
text: him in the right thigh. Terminator bends down and picks up the
text: shrieking man's weapon... the TEAR-GAS LAUNCHER.
text: It is one of those new rotary jobs that hold 12 rounds in a big drum.
text: Terminator shoots the next SWAT in the chest with the tear-gas
text: launcher. The gas canister hits the guy's body armor and doesn't
text: penetrate. But it's like getting slugged in the stomach with a full-
text: swing from a baseball bat. The SWAT fold double and hits the tiles,
dialog: gasping.
text: Terminator is an image from Hell, a tall figure in shredded black
text: leather, streaked with blood. One eye is a bloody socket, the metal
text: eye-servo glistening. The flesh of one cheek hangs down in tatters,
text: revealing the chrome cheekbone beneath. The whole front of his
text: jacket is blown open, revealing his metal armor chest.
text: The remaining SWATs start to fall back. One turns to run and --
text: KPOW! A gas canister nail him in the back, sending him sprawling.
text: 173F Terminator fires three gas canisters into the lobby. It fills
text: rapidly with the white gas, cutting the visibility to a few feet. It
text: is total pandemonium. SWAT LEADER crouches in the fog, white-
text: knuckling the rifle. Terminator looms suddenly out of the mist right
text: in front of him. POOM! Terminator drills him in the leg with the
text: .45. As the guy screams and drops rifle to clutch his leg, Terminator
text: rips his gas mask off. The SWAT leader drops writhing to the floor,
text: choking and gagging, clutching his bleeding thigh.
text: Terminator walks up to two SWATs at the front doors. POW-POW. Leg
text: and leg. He snatches their masks as they fall. The gunfire has
text: stopped. Nobody an see anything. Screams and whimpers echo in the
dialog: smoke.
scene_heading: 174 EXT. BUILDING
text: Smoke boils out of the front door as a figure emerges. Firing the
text: tear-gas launcher with one hand, Terminator launches all remaining
text: rounds among the cop vehicles. Unprotected officers run, choking
text: and half-blind, slamming into cars and tripping over each other. It
text: is a total rout.
text: 175 AT THE SWAT VAN on of the SWATs is rapidly handing out the remaining
text: masks to unprotected cops. A FIGURE appears out of the smoke beside
text: him. He looks up. His mask is ripped off and he is handed the empty
text: launcher. Instinctively he catches it. Terminator grabs his flak
text: vest with one hand and sails him out into the mist.
scene_heading: 175A INT. SWAT VAN
text: Terminator strides the length of the van and climbs into the driver's
text: seat. No keys in the ignition. He flips down the sun visor. The
text: keys fall into his hand. He starts the van and slams it into gear.
scene_heading: 176 INT./EXT. LOBBY
text: The tear gas has cleared to a thin haze. The uninjured SWATs are
text: tending their wounded. They look up at the sound of shouts and a
text: roaring engine.
text: 176A THE SWAT VAN CRASHES INTO THE LOBBY in an explosion of glass and
text: debris. Cops scatter as the van screeches across the lobby in a
text: smoking one-eighty, sliding to a stop across the corridor which leads
text: to the bank of elevators. Terminator backs up until -- crunch -- he
text: seals the corridor with the back of the van.
text: 176B Sarah and John stumble along the corridor, coughing.
text: They leap into the back of the van and Terminator hits the throttle.
text: The van roars across the lobby and exits through blown-out windows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 177 INT./EXT SECOND FLOOR
text: T-1000, astride the Kawasaki, looks down from a second-floor office
text: and sees the van tearing across the parking lot with the remaining
text: cops firing at it. It knows. It looks around. Analyzing options.
text: It sees the helicopter hovering outside the building at the end of
dialog: this corner office block...
text: It twists full throttle on the powerful bike.
text: Roars through the office, accelerating fast, straight at the
dialog: windows --
text: 178 T-1000 BLASTS OUT THROUGH THE GLASS, airborne on the motorcycle. It
text: rockets across the gap to the hovering chopper and --
text: 178A SLAMS into the canopy. The impact of bike and rider pitches the
text: chopper radically. The startled PILOT fights to regain control as the
text: bike tumbles to the pavement below.
text: 178B The T-1000 doesn't. It clings to the shattered canopy.
text: Nightmarishly, the pilot watches as the T-1000 smashes its head
text: through the plexiglass canopy and rapidly POURS ITSELF through the
text: jagged hole. It reforms instantly into its previous self on the
dialog: passenger seat.
text: 178C It hurls the pilot out of the chopper and slides into the driver's
dialog: seat.
text: The chopper is auto-rotating, spinning out of control. It drops
text: toward the parking lot. T-1000 recovers control ten feet above the
dialog: ground.
text: 178D Cops hits the deck as the tail-boom swings around, going over them by
dialog: inches.
text: The chopper lifts out in a power climb, roaring away across the
text: parking lot toward the fleeing SWAT van.
dialog: OKAY, BUCKLE YOUR SEATBELTS, HERE IT COMES...
scene_heading: 179 INT./EXT. SWAT VAN/HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: Terminator looks back at his two passengers as he turns the boxy van
text: onto a divided highway. Sarah and John are catching their breath,
text: still coughing from the CS gas. Terminator look to the rear-view
text: mirror. He sees the xenon searchlight of the chopper behind them,
dialog: gaining.
text: Sarah looks around the inside of the SWAT van. It is a rolling
text: armory. There are rifles, ballistic vests, all manner of equipment.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: John, get under these. Hurry!
text: He sits against the front bulkhead of the van and she pile bullet-
text: proof vests on top of him, completely covering him. Then she grabs
text: two M-16s from the wall-rack and loads them. She starts on a shotgun
dialog: as --
text: 180 The SWAT van weaves through sparse traffic at high speed.
text: Terminator slews the unstable van around cars and trucks which seem to
text: be crawling. The van hits it top speed of eighty. They swerve to
text: miss the back end of A WHITE 18-WHEEL TANKER.
text: 180A The chopper swings in behind them, closing fast.
text: 180B T-1000 reaches through the shattered canopy with the MPK machine
text: pistol and FIRES. The back of the can CLANGS WITH HITS. The door
text: windows are BLOWN IN.
text: Terminator weaves the van, trying to throw off the T-1000's aim.
text: The unstable vehicle screeches and wobbles on the edge of control.
text: One of the doors is kicked open. Sarah, wearing a ballistic vest,
text: crouches in the doorway, whipping up the M-16. SHE OPENS FIRE.
text: 180C Bullets riddle what's left of the chopper's canopy as the T-1000
text: returns fire.
text: The van is stitched with hits.
text: 180D INSIDE THE VAN holes are punched through the thin sheet-metal walls,
text: ripping up the interior. The vests covering John are hit repeatedly.
text: We see that Sarah has hung two Kevlar vests on the inside of the back
text: door and she ducks behind these as bullets hit around her. She pops
text: back out and fires in controlled bursts. The M-16 empties and she
dialog: grabs another.
text: 180E Terminator serves around a car which is changing lanes, hitting it
text: and knocking it skidding.
speaker_heading: 181 OMITTED
text: 181A Sarah reloads and keeps firing. The van swerves around a Toyota. A
text: moment later the helicopter passes it, the rotor just clearing the top
dialog: of the car.
text: 181B T-1000 FIRES the machine pistol.
text: 181C Sarah has popped out to fire. She takes a HIT in the thigh, and
text: several rounds hammer into her Kevlar vest. She is thrown back onto
text: the floor of the van. She lies there, an exposed target...
text: 181D Terminator sees the T-1000 preparing to fire again.
text: He locks up the van's brakes. Tires scream as the vehicle shimmies.
text: Sarah is thrown forward, sliding up to the bulkhead next to John.
text: 182 And the helicopter SLAMS RIGHT INTO THE BACK OF THE VAN.
text: The rotor disintegrates. The back doors of the van are crushed in as
text: the canopy, the whole front of the fuselage is HAMMERED INTO JUNK,
text: trapping the T-1000 inside the twisted metal. The chopper hits the
text: pavement, flips, sideways, and cartwheels... smashing itself into a
text: shapeless mass of twisted metal.
text: It falls away behind the van, tumbling end over end.
text: 182A Terminator fights to control the van, which is fishtailing violently
text: from the impact. It smashes up against the center divider, screeching
text: along the concrete, and then pulls away. Terminator puts the hammer
text: down and the van accelerates. He swerves to avoid an UGLY PICKUP
text: crawling like a snail ahead.
text: THE RIGHT FRONT FENDER of the van, crumpled by slamming the wall, is
text: sawing into the tire. The tire blows and peels off the clean rim.
text: The steel wheel grinds across the pavement, striking trails of sparks,
text: and the van slides sideways and topples --
text: STEEL SCREAMS on pavement as the van grinds to a stop on its side.
text: 182B INSIDE THE VAN, John crawls to Sarah, who is groaning and holding her
text: bleeding leg. She is white and shocky. Terminator starts to
text: extricate himself from the crumpled driver's seat.
text: 183 BACK DOWN THE ROAD, THE HELICOPTER wreckage is a crumpled ball of junk
text: metal, unrecognizable. Behind it, the TANKER TRUCK brakes hard,
text: shuddering and groaning, trying to stop. The big tires lock up in
text: clouds of tire-smoke. The rig comes to a shuddering stop just short
text: of the wrecked chopper.
text: 183A The shaken DRIVER jumps down.
text: The behind the wreckage a cop emerges, walking toward him.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Goddamn, are you alri --
text: 183B SSSHHCK! T-1000 drives a blade through the man's abdomen and walks
text: on past without slowing, or even looking at him.
text: 183C It climbs into the open cab of the tanker. Releases the brake.
text: As the truck bellows are rolls forward we see the large blue letters
text: on the side which say "CRYOCO INC. LIQUID NITROGEN SUPPLY'.
text: 184 AT THE SWAT VAN John and Terminator are carrying Sarah out of the
text: wreck. Terminator has the M-79 slung over his shoulder, the
text: bandolier of grenades, and his .45 stuck in his waistband. John has
text: borrowed a 12-GAUGE RIOT GUN from the SWATs.
text: 184A The pickup they passes seconds earlier pulls up to them. The DRIVER,
text: A Hispanic guy in his 50's, is getting out to help them. Terminator
text: and John hear a CRASH and look back as the
text: 185 helicopter wreckage is knocked aside by the accelerating tanker truck.
speaker_heading: 186 JOHN
dialog: Holy shit. Come on, Mom... we gotta keep
dialog: moving... come on --
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: (to the pickup owner)
dialog: We need your truck.
text: The guy seems to know better than to try and stop him as Terminator
text: slides Sarah into the front seat and climbs in behind the wheel. John
text: runs to the passenger side.
text: 187 THE TANKER ROARS, spewing smoke from its chrome stacks as it shifts
text: up through the gears.
text: 188 Terminator slams the pickup in gear, checking the rear-view. The
text: tanker is a hundred feet behind them now, and really moving.
text: Terminator puts the throttle down, but the pickup is and old slug
text: loaded down by a heavy home-made wooden camper-shell. It accelerates
dialog: slowly.
text: 189 THE TANKER slams into one end of the SWAT van, spinning it out of the
text: way with a roar and screech of twisting metal. The 18-wheeler shifts
text: to a higher gear, still accelerating.
scene_heading: 190 INT./EXT. PICKUP TRUCK
text: With the tanker right behind them, Terminator cuts the wheel, swerving
text: the pickup back and forth across the lanes.
text: The big rig stays right on them, it tanker whiplashing violently.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Faster! He's right on us!
text: Terminator doesn't reply. He rapidly unslings the blooper, still
text: around his neck, and reaches for a grenade.
text: 191 LOW ANGLE ON THE TRACTOR-TRAILER as it roars right up to the lens,
text: filling frame with chrome and lights.
text: 191A K-WHAM!! It rams the backs of the pickup, sending it skidding.
text: 191B Then the T-1000 pulls the tractor trailer up alongside the pickup and
text: crabs over, sandwiching it against the center divider. The spinning
text: chrome hubs tear into the passenger side door and the guard rail
text: screeches along the other side.
text: The pickup bucks and shakes insanely. It ricochets violently between
text: the big-rig and the divider
text: Horrible SCREECH of tortured steel.
text: Sparks pour in sheets of fire from both sides.
text: The windshield shatters as the door-posts buckle in.
text: Metal and glass shower in through the side windows.
text: The frame twists and buckles. John feels like the fillings are being
text: shaken right out of his teeth.
text: The wooden camper disintegrates, falling away as kindling behind
dialog: them.
scene_heading: 191C INT. TANKER CAB
text: T-1000 holds the wheel hard over, mercilessly grinding the pickup.
text: The whole rig jerks and shakes with the violence of the sustained
text: hammering.
scene_heading: 191D INT./EXT. PICKUP
text: Terminator slides toward the passenger side. Keeping his foot on the
text: gas he lifts John over him and puts him in the driver's seat.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Drive for a minute.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Where you going?!
text: Terminator slams the shattered windshield with the palm of his hand.
text: Held together by the plastic laminate, the windshield flops out of its
text: frame. It flies over the top of the truck.
text: 191E Terminator pushes his upper body out over the dashboard and stands up.
text: He turns and aims the M-79 one-handed.
text: 191F POOM! The grenade misses the T-1000 by less than a foot. It EXPLODES
text: against the front bulkhead of the tanker, almost at the top. Liquid
text: nitrogen pours from the opening, swept back by the 60-mph windstream.
text: 191G The big-rig swerves as T-1000 regains control. The tanker swings like
text: a pendulum behind the cab.
text: 191H The pickup accelerates, getting back out in front by a few yards.
text: Behind it the big-rig is trailing a swirling comet-tail of nitrogen
text: vapor. It is gaining again.
text: Terminator, still standing, opens the breech and starts to reload.
text: 191I John cuts across the highway and takes an OFF RAMP.
text: 191J T-1000 swerves the smoking behemoth across the lanes and down the
text: ramp after him, still accelerating. It is twenty feet behind them
text: and closing when Terminator closes the breech and FIRES.
text: 191K The grenade hits the front grill and EXPLODES.
text: The radiator is destroyed, along with half the hood. Steam blasts
text: out, obscuring the whole front of the truck.
text: 191L The semi rams the back of the pickup again. Spewing smoke and vapor
text: like some demon locomotive, the tractor-trailer pounds into the back
text: of the pickup. Driving it right through the intersection at the
text: bottom of the ramp, and straight toward --
scene_heading: EXT. STEEL MILL
text: The chase has led them to an area of heavy industry.
text: 192 THE GATES are blasted off their hinges as the semi rams the pickup
text: right through them. Terminator struggles to reload amid the chaos
text: and impacts. He has THREE GRENADES LEFT on the bandolier.
text: John isn't even steering. They are just being pushed. There's
text: nothing he can do. They are rocketing down the broad thoroughfare
text: which leads directly to the MAIN BUILDING of the plant.
text: 192A Terminator pulls himself onto the roof of the pickup.
text: He leaps to the bed, takes two powerful strides and --
text: Leaps onto the semi. He climbs rapidly onto the hood.
text: 192B And FIRES POINT BLANK THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD.
text: Right into T-1000's face.
text: The EXPLOSION blows out all the glass and fills the cab with smoke
text: and fire Terminator grabs onto the air-horn as the truck starts to
speaker_heading: SHUDDER AND
scene_heading: 192C SCREAM. IT IS JACK-KNIFING.
text: Almost dream-slow the cab begins to swing sideways, until its tires
text: are shrieking over the pavement. The tractor is smashed back at
text: right-angles to the tanker-trailer which begins to slide broadside.
text: 192D The juggernaut bucks and shudders as the tires and smoke sideways
text: across the pavement.
text: It begins to topple.
text: Terminator hold on as the side of cab becomes the top.
text: With an unholy scream, like the unoiled hubs of Hell, the whole rig
text: slides on its side at 60 mph toward the steel mill. A sheet of sparks
text: sixty feet wide trails behind it on the pavement.
text: 192E John sees what's behind him, then snaps around to see the building
text: looming right in front. The huge rolling doors are partly open.
dialog: No choice.
text: He steers right through them into the mill, as --
text: 192F Terminator, with one second to go, leaps from the cab --
text: He flies through the open doors as --
text: The tanker hits the building and --
scene_heading: 193 INT. STEEL MILL/MAIN AISLE
text: Terminator slams to the floor of the mill and rolls, as --
text: The tanker-trailer smashed into a massive concrete support at one side
text: of the doors. Thunderous carnage of twisting metal. o
text: 193A It splits wide open. A river of liquid nitrogen pours out at -230.
text: 193B John hits the brakes, sliding out of control. He slows almost to a
text: stop but hits a steel support column head-on. He and Sarah are
text: slammed forward, hard.
text: 193C Terminator, still clutching the M-79 blooper, rolls and slides across
dialog: the floor.
text: He smashes through a railing and slams up against the base of a
text: massive machine.
text: 193D The semi cab swings about the trailer wreckage, into the building, and
text: shudders to a stop. Liquid nitrogen sprays over the cab, flooding out
text: around it in a HISSING WAVEFRONT OF ULTRACOLD.
text: Freezing vapor swirls everywhere, obscuring the wreck.
text: 193E TERMINATOR lies still. A beat. Then he rolls weakly, rising on one
text: elbow to survey the scene.
text: 193F IN THE WRECKED PICKUP, John stirs. He is stunned, and blood runs from
text: his nose. Dazed, he realizes he is in a steel mill. There are
text: sirens, and he can see men running... shouting. He turns and sees
dialog: what they are running from...
text: 193G The wall of nitrogen vapor spreads from the demolished tanker. It is
text: a strange vista of fire and ice. The huge SMELTERS pour out orange
text: light and fire from the sides of the huge galley, while the freezing
text: vapor rolls down the center.
text: 193H TIGHT ON THE WRECK. A billowing gray cloud. Deep inside, the shape
text: of the cab in visible. A FIGURE emerges, pulling itself out. It
text: drops to the floor. The hissing, boiling river of liquid nitrogen
text: flows around its feet.
text: 194 The T-1000 staggers, moving slowly, painfully. It has finally been
text: affected by something. Its feet are freezing to the ground as it
dialog: walks...
text: 194A CLINK! One of its feet breaks off at a glassy angle. It stumbles
dialog: forward, and --
text: 194B Its other foot snaps off. As it catches its balance on the stump of
dialog: its other ankle,
text: 194C the whole lower leg shatters at the impact. It topples forward to its
dialog: knees.
text: Catches itself on one hand. Liquid nitrogen flows around the hand.
text: Now the hand is stuck to the pavement.
text: 194D The T-1000 pulls and... CLINK! The hand snaps off at the wrist.
text: It looks stupidly at the glassy stump of a wrist. For the first time
text: we see an expression on its face we know to be a true one...
text: The expression is pain. Agony. Its mouth opens in a soundless
text: scream as the hoar-frost races up its legs, across its body.
dialog: 194E And that's the position it freezes in.
text: It has become a statue, kneeling in the frozen vapor, that surprised
text: look of agony frozen on its face.
text: The liquid nitrogen stops flowing and begins to evaporate.
text: 194F Terminator, just beyond the boundary of the cold, can see the T-1000
dialog: clearly.
text: He draws his .45 and aims.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Hasta la vista, baby.
text: 194G K-POW! The single shot blows the T-1000 into a million diamonds
text: spraying up into the air. They shimmer across the ground for twenty
text: feet in all directions.
text: Terminator lowers the gun, satisfied.
text: He looks like he needs a vacation.
text: 195 JOHN AND SARAH have seen it from the pickup. She is in bad shape.
text: Conscious but very weak. He tries the door. It's jammed. He kicks
text: it open.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Okay, Mom, we gotta get out now, come on.
dialog: That's it.
text: He helps her slide down from the seat of the truck. Her knees give
text: way. John has to take a lot of her weight. He reaches in and picks
text: up the riot gun off the seat. They hobble toward --
text: 195A TERMINATOR. On his knees, he looks into the dissipating cloud of
text: vapor. The heat of the furnaces has evaporated all the liquid
dialog: nitrogen.
text: 196 INSERT, TIGHT ON THE FLOOR - the T-1000 shards are melting,
text: liquefying. Hundreds of drops of mercury, spattered across the floor.
text: Orange light of the enormous black-furnaces dances on liquid metal.
text: 197 TERMINATOR struggles to rise. One arm is shattered, the hand smashed
text: and useless. And some leg-servos are damaged. He can barely stand.
text: John and Sarah arrive.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: We don't have much time.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What?
text: Terminator points. John and Sarah watch as --
text: 198 INSERT, T-1000 DROPLETS are creeping together. Fusing into larger
text: blobs. These pools shiver and run together, soon forming a central
dialog: mass.
text: 199 ON JOHN AND SARAH, realizing it's not over.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Come on! Let's go!
text: Terminator gets one of Sarah's arms over his shoulder and they go.
text: BEHIND THEM, something is moving.
text: 200 A HEAD is forming up out of a pool mercury. it rises, as shoulders
text: form. hunching up from the liquid mass. Half-formed, it turns to
text: look straight at them.
text: John looks back in new terror as --
text: The T-1000 rises to man-height. It is still in mercury form, but its
text: features are forming rapidly. It takes its first step after them.
text: Sarah stumbles and they pull her up.
text: 201 Terminator himself has a pronounces limp, dragging one leg with a
text: shattered ankle joint. John's the one pulling, straining, driving
text: them forward. They round a corner into --
scene_heading: 202 INT. AISLE BETWEEN FURNACES
text: It is a maze of monstrous machinery. The heat is tremendous.
text: The air shivers with a pounding roar.
text: Sarah cries out in pain and stumbles again.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Come on, Mom, you can do it! Come on!!
text: They drag her up, and stagger on. Her leg is bathed in blood and she
text: is deathly pale. He looks back.
scene_heading: 203 INT, MAIN GALLERY
text: The T-1000 steps INTO FRAME. Fully formed. The hell-fire light
text: glints on its impassive cop face. It walks forward. At first it
text: seems unaffected by its crystallization but --
text: 203A ANGLE ON ITS HAND as it touches a railing in passing. The railing is
text: covered with O.S.H.A. yellow-and-black safety tape.
text: The hand turns yellow and black, the color fading to normal by about
text: the elbow. It rips the hand from the railing with difficulty. There
text: is a sound like adhesive tape ripping off a surface.
text: 203B The T-1000 looks at its yellow-and-black striped hand. It wills the
text: hand back to normal. We see ripples of "static" or system noise
text: moving subtly over the surface of its body. It's starting to
dialog: "glitch".
text: 203C TRACKING WITH THE T-1000'S FEET. With each step, the pattern on the
text: tile floor "invades" its lower legs. Fades as the foot is lifted.
text: Returns as it is set down. The foot is trying to meld with the floor.
text: The chameleonic function is out of control.
text: The T-1000 is losing it. It moves forward, searching. It rounds the
text: corner, entering the aisle between the furnaces.
scene_heading: 204 INT. AISLE
text: Terminator sees the SILHOUETTE closing on them through the smoky
text: gleam. The T-1000 breaks into loping run when it sees them,
text: Terminator turns to Sarah over John.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Keep going.
text: John shakes his head no. The T-1000 is almost on them.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: RUN!
text: John runs, dragging, half-carrying Sarah as best he can.
text: She can barely stay conscious. Half-running, delirious, she stumbles
text: and drops to her knees. John pulls but she can't rise.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (crying, shouting)
dialog: Come on, you gotta try... please, Mom. Get up!
text: John looks back to see --
text: 204A TERMINATOR trying to load the M-79. With his shattered hand, he can
text: barely maneuver is last grenade into the breech.
text: T-1000 smacks the weapon out of his hands. It clatters to the floor.
text: The grenade spins across the floor, rolling under some machinery.
text: Terminator lunges, slamming the T-1000 against a wall with all his
text: weight. The battle is joined.
text: 204B JOHN AND SARAH have reached the back of the aisle. It is a cul-de-
text: sac, blocked on the end by the base of an IMMENSE SMELTER CRUCIBLE.
text: They turn to watch the titans battle in silhouette, backlit by the
text: molten sparks falling from the furnaces above. The battle which will
dialog: decide their fate.
text: 204C Terminator grabs the T-1000 and hurls it with awesome force against
text: the opposite wall of the narrow alley. In less time than it would
dialog: take to turn, the
text: 204D T-1000 morphs trough itself, front to back... face emerging from the
text: back of its head.
text: 204E It comes off the wall straight at Terminator, who smashes his good
text: fist into its face. The pile-driver blow buries Terminator's fist
text: almost to the elbow.
text: 204F But the T-1000's head morphs in a split-second into a hand which grips
text: Terminator's wrist, and the head "emerges" somewhere else, the
text: geometry shifting faster than we can follow.
text: 204G The T-1000 slams Terminator into a large machine, jamming his arm into
text: the moving works. A massive sliding bar SCISSORS HIS ARM, smashing it
text: into junk at the elbow, pinning him in the machine.
text: Terminator strains against the machine pinning him. We hear his
text: servos whining with overload. The T-1000 turns and lopes toward Sarah
dialog: and John.
text: Sarah screams and hurls John into a gap between the machines. He
text: falls into a maze of pipes and girders.
scene_heading: 205 INT. MAZE OF MACHINES
text: JOHN turns to see her in the entrance of the narrow gap. She could
text: follow him but she doesn't. SUDDENLY a dark mass moves toward him.
text: John gasps as a huge steel counterweight, driven by a chain 6 inches
text: thick, slides toward him. He rolls out of the way. When he looks
text: back, he cannot see the opening.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Mom! MOMMM!!
scene_heading: 206 INT. AISLE BETWEEN FURNACES
text: TERMINATOR strains to reach a 6-foot steel bar lying near him. Steel
text: workers use them to move the red-hot ingots around. He gets hold of
text: the end and uses it as a lever. With titanic effort he spreads the
text: massive components which are holding him, and withdraws him arm, which
text: is severed at the elbow. Dangling junk hands from the crushed joint.
text: 207 SARAH has lost sight of John. It is much of a goodbye as they will
dialog: have.
text: She turns as the T-1000 closes on her. She is half-slumped against
text: the sooty machines, looking barely conscious. She struggles to load
text: a shell into the empty weapon. At the last instant she whips up the
text: RIOT GUN and FIRES.
text: A207 T-1000's face is blown open, but quickly reforms as it closes on her.
text: She fumbles to get another shell into the magazine but --
text: A208 THUNK! A steel needle slams through her shoulder, pinning her.
text: The polymorphic killer cocks back its other hand. The index finger
text: extends as a gleaming needle, toward her eye --
speaker_heading: T-1000
dialog: Call to John. Now.
text: 207C WHAM!! SOMETHING whistles down on the T-1000 with such force that is
text: cleaves it head and body in two down to the naval. The 6-foot steel
text: bar is imbedded in its body. Terminator hurls the killer off Sarah.
text: 207D The T-1000 pulls the steel shaft out of itself and attacks him with
dialog: fury.
text: Swinging again and again. Hammering Terminator back. Terminator
text: falls back against the wall.
text: Behind the T-1000 is an enormous I-beam, hanging from two chains. It
text: is used to lift ingots into the smelters, and it runs on a linear
dialog: track.
text: 207E The T-1000 grabs the I-beam and rolls it down the track. Straight at
text: Terminator. The two-ton girder smashes into his chest, crushing the
dialog: armor.
text: The T-1000 pulls the I-beam back, and then heaves it forward again.
text: Terminator turns and takes the second blow on the shoulder. We hear
text: metal crush and break inside him. He sags, turning to grip the
dialog: wall...
text: The third blow slams into his back, smashing his spine and pelvis. We
text: hear servos ratcheting and failing. He drops to his knees, crucified
text: on a wall of machinery.
text: The fourth blow is centered between his shoulder blades. Sound of
text: crushing metal. His skull is partially caved in.
text: He slides to the floor.
text: 207F ON THE T-1000, emotionless as it walks forward.
text: 207G TERMINATOR is a pathetic shape on the floor. He is trying to crawl,
text: feebly.
text: Dragging his malfunctioning legs behind the crushed spine. His arm
text: stump screeches on the tile floor as he inches himself forward. His
text: exposed machine eye burns red with determination.
text: We see his prize. He has the M-79, with the breech still open,
text: cradled in the crook of his ruined arm. He good hand, the exposed
text: steel one, is reaching for the last grenade, which is visible under
text: the skirt of the massive smelter base. His metal fingers reach out
dialog: for it as --
text: 207H The T-1000 raises the heavy steel bar over his head and stabs it down
text: with unbelievable force. It punches into Terminator's back, through a
text: gap in the shattered armor. The T-1000 levers it back and forth,
text: widening the hole. Then is raises the pointed bar again and slams it
dialog: down.
text: It punches right through. Emerging from Terminator's chest.
text: And into the floor. He is pinioned. The cyborg sags face down and
text: stop moving. The light goes out of his eye.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 208 INT. MAZE OF MACHINERY
text: John scuttles like a rat through the gut of the smelter. Above him,
text: vast machines churn untended. He hears a voice... SARAH'S
text: Calling low and urgent to him.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: John? John? Can you hear me? Where are you?
text: 208A He crawls out of the shadows.
text: Onto a landing next to one of the SMELTER CRUCIBLES. Molten steel
text: glows bright orange in the crucible of the furnace. Heat shimmers
text: the air, giving everything a hallucinatory quality.
text: John sees Sarah nearby, limping toward him. She can barely move, her
text: leg bathed in blood. He runs toward her.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: Help me, honey...
text: TIGHT ON SARAH, her stoic face, as she hobbles forward, reaching out
text: to him. Something rises behind her, OUT OF FOCUS.
text: 209 ANOTHER, IDENTICAL, SARAH... but this one has a shotgun.
text: Aimed right at us.
text: 209A JOHN freezes. Which is which? He looks down. The first Sarah's
text: feet are melded with the floor, sucking and fusing with the tiles as
text: she walks. They have the color and pattern of the tiles up to the
dialog: knee.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: John, get out of the way!!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: SHOOT!!!!
text: 209B John dives aside. The Sarah-form spins, changing into you-know-who.
text: Sarah starts unloading the shotgun into it. BOOM! It staggers back.
text: K-CHAK. She chambers another round. BOOM! It staggers again.
text: K-CHAK. BOOM! And again. And again.
text: 209C The T-1000 is blown back a step and Sarah advances with each shot.
text: The craters in the T-1000's body "heal" slowly. Its power is waning.
text: She FIRES again. And again. Her eyes blazing with feral intensity.
text: She walks it back, right to the edge of the pit of MOLTEN STEEL.
text: K-CHAK... CLICK. She's empty. The T-1000 is right at the edge. In a
text: second it will recover its composure, as its crater hits close slowly.
dialog: She has failed. Now it will kill them both,
dialog: Except...
text: 210 CLOSEUP TERMINATOR, as the chain drive brings it into view.
text: Half human flesh, half chrome steel.
text: His red eye gazes right at us as he --
speaker_heading: FIRES.
text: 210A The T-1000 takes the round in the belly. The grenade EXPLODES inside
text: its body. A huge hole is blown clean through it, and it is ripped
text: open and peeled back, half inside-out. It topples into the molten
dialog: steel and --
text: 211 The T-1000's head and upper body reappear above the molten steel.
text: It is screaming. A terrifying, inhuman siren of a scream.
text: It is changing, morphing, transforming into anything and everything
dialog: it's ever been so rapidly the eye can barely follow it --
text: We catch a glimpse of Janelle Voight checkered with the linoleum tile
text: colors, Lewis the Guard with knives exploding from his face, other
text: faces, switching at a stroboscopic rate now... a face every two frames
text: until they merge into one face --
text: The T-1000 screams and slips beneath the surface of the molten steel.
text: We see liquid silver running in dissipating whorls over the
text: superheated surface... until it vanishes, swirling into nothing.
text: 212 JOHN runs to Sarah. She stands staring into the pit. The empty
text: shotgun slips from her fingers. Clatters to the floor. He sees that
text: she's okay and he runs to the fallen Terminator.
text: 212A The crippled cyborg is trying to rise. Its servos whine and stutter.
text: It pathetically lifts itself to a kneeling position, collapses...
dialog: tries again.
text: John lifts for all he's worth. Sarah joins them, helping.
text: The help the crippled machine get on its feet. It can barely stand.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I need a vacation.
text: They walk to the edge of the pit. Terminator looks down and sees
text: that it is over.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Terminator)
dialog: Is it dead?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Terminated.
text: John unzips Sarah's backpack and takes out the hand of the first
dialog: terminator.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Will it melt in there?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Yes. Throw it in.
dialog: 
text: He does. It sinks into the lava. Vanishes.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: And the chip.
text: John takes it out of his pocket. Looks at it. Tosses it into the
dialog: smelter.
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: It's finally over.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
text: No. There is another chip.
text: He touches a metal finger to the side of his head.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: And it must be destroyed also.
text: John suddenly understands what he means.
text: Terminator looks at Sarah. They both know what must be done.
text: John shakes his head.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I'm sorry, John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No, no no!! It'll be okay. Stay with us!
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I have to go away, John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Don't do it. Please... don't go --
text: Tears are streaming down his face.
text: TIGHT CLOSEUP TERMINATOR, turning toward John.
text: The human side of his face is in shadow, so we see mostly the chrome
text: skull and the red eye.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: It must end here... or I am the future.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I order you not to!
text: Terminator puts his hand on John's shoulder. He moves slightly and
text: the human side of his face comes into the light.
text: He reaches toward John's face. His metal finger touches the tear
text: trickling down his cheek.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I know now why you cry. But it is something I
dialog: can never do.
dialog: (to both of them)
dialog: Goodbye.
text: Sarah looks at Terminator. Reaches out her hand to shake it.
text: They lock eyes. Warriors. Comrades.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Are you afraid?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Yes.
text: He turns and steps off the edge.
text: 213 They watch him sink into the lava.
text: He disappears... the metal hand sinking last... at the last second it
text: forms into a fist with the thumb extended... a final thumbs up.
text: Then it is gone.
text: 214 HOLD ON JOHN AND SARAH, watching through the heat ripples as we --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: 215 THE SUN, PURE IN A CLOUDLESS SKY
text: Tilting down reveal that we are in a park, very green. People are
text: casually dressed, having fun. Cycling, reading... children are
text: playing in a playground.
text: Beyond the line of tree we see the skyline of Washington, D.C., with
text: the Capital Building and the Washington Monument. The skyline is
text: subtly changed, with a lot of new buildings, advanced high-rises.
speaker_heading: A CARD APPEARS
dialog: July 11, 2029
text: WE BOOM DOWN AND TRACK LATERALLY through a playground in the
text: foreground. Children swinging on swings. Sliding down slides.
dialog: Timeless things that 4 decades of technical advancement will not
dialog: change. As we track we hear:
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: August 29th 1997 came and went. Nothing much
dialog: happened. Michael Jackson turned forty. There
dialog: was no Judgment Day. People went to work as
dialog: they always do, laughed, complained, watched
dialog: TV, made love.
text: We pass a jungle gym, neither melted nor burned, but full of kids
text: swinging and yelling raucously. Past it we drop down to see a boy
text: pumping the pedals of a tricycle.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: I wanted to run down the street yelling... to
dialog: grab them all and say "Every day form this day
dialog: is a gift. Use it well!" Instead I got drunk.
text: STILL TRACKING we come to rest on an elderly woman seated on a bench.
text: It is SARAH, now 64 years old. The world has aged her, but she seems
text: at peace in this moment. She speaks into a microcassette recorder.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: That was thirty years ago. But the dark future
dialog: which never came still exists for me, and it
text: always will, like the traces of a dream lingering
dialog: in the morning light. And the war against the
dialog: machines goes on. Or, to be more precise, the
dialog: war against those who build the wrong machines.
text: There is a man in is forties playing with two small children
text: nearby. He turns. It is John Connor. Through he has the same stern
text: features in adulthood, there is no eye-patch, no scarring. He is far
dialog: from the haggard man on grim destiny we saw in the world that might
dialog: have been. But there is still penetrating intelligence, even wisdom,
text: in his eyes.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: John fights the war differently than it was
text: foretold. Here, on the battlefield of the
dialog: Senate, the weapons are common sense... and
dialog: hope.
text: A FOUR-YEAR-OLD GIRL runs to her to have her shoelace tied.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Tie me, grandma.
text: Grandma Sarah smiles. It is the only time we have seen her smile so
text: far. She bends as the little girls puts her foot up on the bench.
dialog: She ties as we hear:
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: The luxury of hope was given to me by the
dialog: Terminator. Because if a machine can learn
dialog: the value of human life... maybe we can too.
text: Sarah ruffles the kids's hair as she runs off to play with her dad.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
