scene_heading: TERMS OF ENDEARMENT
dialog: A Screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: James L. Brooks
dialog: Based on the novel by
dialog: harry McMurtry -
speaker_heading: REVISED Second Draft
dialog: March, 1982
dialog: rw
speaker_heading: OPEN ON: i
text: A black screen at the lower left hand corner of which
text: shines a small clown's face. It is barely noticeable
text: as we BEGIN TITLES.
text: The music is bright but not so full that we don't
text: discern with ever increasing awareness the off-screen
text: voices of a man and a woman, AURORA and RUDYARD GREENWAY.
text: We hear the downstairs front door close as AURORA arrives
text: home and shouts upstairs to her husband. "I can't stand
dialog: being a mother." "Give it a chance. It's only been a
dialog: week." "Are you still in that tub?" "The dector says
dialog: I'm supposed to soak.” “Have you gotten out to check
dialog: her?" “Yes, she's fine. How was your evening?"
dialog: “Everybody was having fun tonight and all I got te do
text: was worry about the baby." Her footsteps approach;
text: her conversation continues. We hear one more exchange
dialog: between husband and wife. “Aurora, you've just got to
dialog: stop imagining that something terrible is happenings to
dialog: her all the time." "I know, I know." The door at
text: screen right opens and we now can recognize from the
text: light flowing in from the hall that we are in a baby's
text: room--the clown's face a small nicht light. The
dialog: infant is in a hand worked, excellent and therefore
text: memorable crib. AURORA'S back is to the camera--her
text: rear end a larse one, perhaps tempting to some--ané
text: her back-lit outline is round and cushy. She tosses
dialog: eft one more comment to her husband. "She is just
dialog: about a week old. How endless is the fascination
text: supposed to be?" And now she turns towards the room
text: and is facing the camera still illuminated from behind--
dialog: the mother's form we may all remember framed in the
text: doorways of our rooms as we lay helpless and needing.
text: AURORA stands still for a beat and then, in a tone
text: fearful but firm, says her first on screen words.
speaker_heading: AURORA
text: Rudyard, she's not breathing.
speaker_heading: RUDYARD'S VOICE
dialog: Oh, not again.
text: The lump under the pink blanket behind the licht
text: wooden bars of the crib is not budging.
speaker_heading: AURORA
text: No, this time she's dead.
speaker_heading: RUDYARD'S VOICE
text: She's asleep.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 1
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: i
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: It's crib death.
speaker_heading: RUDYARD'S VOICE
dialog: : (annoyed) -
dialog: . Aurora, it's just that she hasn't
dialog: Slept today.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Maybe.
text: The thirtyish mother pads quietly to her infant
text: daughter's crib and coos softly.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Emma... Emma?
text: The infant lies still. AURORA leans over...then
text: hixes herself up by placing her foot on the mattress
text: so she fully leans over the bars--gracelessly to place
text: her ear almost atop the infant's chest. She hac heard
text: something but doubt still lingers. Very deliberately
text: AURORA pinches the infant who instantly begins wailing.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (now more hersel?)
dialog: There, that's better.
text: She moves swiftly from the room and exits without a
text: thought of pacifying the crying baby. As she closes
text: the door.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GREENWAY HOME - EIGHT YEARS LATER
dialog: ie]
text: A two-door, dark car arrives. From the driver's seat
text: steps a man of 40 in a dark blue suit and cowboy boots.
text: He was RUDYARD'S employer. He holds a hand out to
text: assist ROSIE DUNLOP, AURORA'S maid for years and, though
text: she doesn't know it, the last white maid in Houston.
text: She refuses the hand and concentrates on the next one
text: out, folding back the front seat for EMMA GREENWAY--
text: misshapen for a child of eight--her legs too short,
dialog: her hands too thick--that sort of thing--hair, unusually
text: stringy, is even worse after the sweaty and emotional
text: funeral, a black ribbon hangs lifeless in her tresses.
text: She too refuses help and indicates that the man should
text: instead help the next cecupant. That's AURORA, who
text: emerges in black, one hand held by the man, the cther
text: by her maid. The first thing she does on emerging from
text: the car is to remeve her shoes. She has her arm around
text: her young daughter as she moves barefoot across the lawn.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 2
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Thank you, Rosie.
dialog: (then to man)
dialog: Thank you.
text: AURORA is totally composed. The man stands there granite
dialog: strons, West Texas' best.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Glad to help. He was about the
dialog: most dependable man who ever
dialog: worked for me.
text: She starts for the house holding EMMA by the hand as
text: ROSIE goes on ahead.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: It was nice knowing you.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (to man)
dialog: Bye.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I'm real sorry about your daddy.
speaker_heading: EMMA .
dialog: Me too. I loved him. He stuck
dialog: up for me sometimes.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Rey.
dialog: (Emma turns)
dialog: Take care of your momma.
text: EMMA shifts uncomfortably as her mother looks at her,
text: wanting the man's words to register.
text: As they enter the house, AURORA walks straight to the 3
text: mantle over the never used fireplace where there is a
text: framed picture of EMMA as a baby with her mother and
text: a framed picture of RUDYARD. AURORA takes down the
text: picture of RUDYARD. Then suddenly AURORA reacts
dialog: having just thought of something.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I just remembered Rudyard wanted
dialog: *o be cremated.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 3
text: AURORA sighs briefly and shakes her head at her
dialog: forgetfulness.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (entering scene)
dialog: What are you going to do with
dialog: Daddy's picture?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I don’t think we should leave it
text: on the mantle. There comes a time
dialog: when we have to stop living in
dialog: the past.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Can I have it?
text: AURORA hands it to her daughter. RCSIE loving the
text: child from the doorway cf the dining room where she
text: is already setting the table for lunch. We follow
text: EMMA past the stairs to the first floor room that
dialog: is hers.
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S ROOM - DAY 4
text: There is a zoo's worth of stuffed animals, a cheap
text: record player, an original cast movie soundtrack of
text: "Wizard of Oz" in evidence, very little free space.
text: EMMA stands over the table next to her bed containine
text: a lamp and several of the stuffed animals. She removes
text: two of her favored ones, a dog and a panda bear, ané
text: puts her father's picture in their place. She must
dialog: remove one more animal to make room.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA'S BEDRCOM - NIGHT 5
dialog: So feminine it's hard to believe a man shared this room
text: until this evening. A small, original Renoir hangs
text: prominently over the dresser. The bed is larce and
text: soft. A window seat, also cushy, overlooks the back
text: garden. AURORA sits in her nightgown at the window
text: seat. Her bed has been turned down but she cannot
text: quite bring herself to go to it; she is angry at being
text: upset. She rises and goes to the door.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA'S HOUSE - STAIRWELL . 6
text: As she marches down and enters her daughter's room.
text: She sces directly to the child, turns on the lights.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Emma...Emma, wake up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ae
dialog: 6
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 6
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I just feel so tense. And I
dialog: wondered how you felt. Do you
dialog: want to sleep in my bed?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No, thank you.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (a beat, then)
dialog: Do you want to sleep in my bed
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Yes. All right.
text: As EMMA makes room and AURORA slides in next to her
text: ¢Griping about the number of stuffed animals, she
text: glances at her daughter's limp, stringy tresses.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: What will we ever do with your hair?
text: She turns cut the lights.
scene_heading: EXT. AURORA'S BLOCK - DAY (EIGHT YEARS LATER)
text: EMMA, her hopeless hair, unaided by the style of the dav,
dialog: is the kind of high school girl whose near dumpiness
dialog: seems only a minor hindrance because she so totally
text: accepts it. She is walking with her best friend,
text: PATSY CLARK. PATSY is a bright, blonde Bayou Club
text: beauty. She is athletic, warm and sensitive, seemincly
dialog: perfect in every way with even the good ¢race to have a
text: bit of a tortured soul. As they arrive at the house,
text: there is some activity next door.
speaker_heading: PATSY ,
dialog: Hey, Emma, what's that?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: We have an astronaut moving in
text: next door.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Which one?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Garrett Breedlove.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Judy has one on her block too. I'11
dialog: wait for you. I don't feel up to
dialog: handling your mother today.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: It would be nice to have a mother
dialog: somebcdy liked.
text: She enters the house.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA'S HOUSE - DAY
text: As EMMA enters, ROSIE is cleaning.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: (matter of factly)
dialog: She's out back with that old fart
text: who's tryinc to get into her pants.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Thank you, Rosie.
text: She exits.
scene_heading: EXT. AURORA'S BACKYARD - DAY
text: A good lawn--a garden AURORA cares for, trees to give
text: her privacy from her River Oaks neighbors--another
text: aspect of AURORA'S perfect nest.
text: AURORA can now be fully and clearly seen for the first
text: time without veil or shadews. She is nearing 40 and
text: she has a rather simple method for appearing younger.
text: She allows herself to be courted by much older men.
text: Standing over her as she reclines in her chaise is
text: EDWARD JOHNSON. He's S6 years old. He's here to
text: assert himself but once more AURORA is putting him
text: through some trying paces.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Iomight not be able to get away
dialog: later--Tahiti might make a difference
dialog: for us. Why don't you face up to the
dialog: fact that you have certain biological
dialog: needs?
speaker_heading: {CONTINUES )
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: ({absently)
dialog: Because I don't. I might have
dialog: romantic ones, though.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Well, I might not be a poetic man,
dialog: but I know that...
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Don’t be so sure.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Suh?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: How long since you've tried to
dialog: “be romantic? If you could manage
dialog: She rises
dialog: it, I might think about things
dialog: like Tahiti.
text: from her chaise and leans over to examine
text: her flowers. Even with her back to a man, there is
dialog: something
text: ON EDWARD.
text: flirtatious about her.
text: He's suspicious of the offer but decides to attempt
dialog: collaring
text: a muse for the first time in his life.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Aurora?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Hmmm?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
text: The breeze just caught a wisp of
dialog: your hair. It was lovely to see.
text: AURORA smiles sightly~-at least he tried.
speaker_heading: AURORA is
speaker_heading: EDWARD
text: (emboldened as he lcoks at her ass)
dialog: I imagine if I could see your eyes
dialog: now, the sunlight would be reflecting
dialog: their color.
text: puzzled by this one. She turns to question it
text: and sees that EMMA has been standing there watching.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 9
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 9
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Hi. Hello, Mr. Johnson.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (to Emma) ;
dialog: You're not getting hair on your lip?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Nooe.
speaker_heading: AURORA -
dialog: Oh, good...It was just a shadow
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (worried)
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Yes. It's fine.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I wanted to borrow the car. I got
text: invited over to the Bayou Club.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: {to Edward)
dialog: We'll be right back.
text: As they walk away, EMMA anxiously checking her lip with
text: her finger.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Don't worry. I'll just wait here
text: in the lush and heavy air.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I can't believe how you tease
dialog: these men. They've got feelings, too.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Oh, you always make too much of the
dialog: wrong things.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDAL SALON = DAY - FIVE YEARS LATER 10
text: EMMA (now 21) posing in a bridal dress. She is flushed,
text: tickled to the core that the dress is so fantastic. She
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: io
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 10
text: has never looked so beautiful. PATSY is wearing a new
text: maid of honor dress while AURORA sits observing. She
dialog: is trying to be a good sport and not dampen the spirits.
text: It is a difficult chere for her.
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: - EMMA
dialog: . Well, isn't it something how much
dialog: fun this is?
dialog: (neting cap)
dialog: «+. enobody will see my hair.
speaker_heading: AUROPA
dialog: You lock very nice.
dialog: (to saleswoman)
dialog: How much is it?
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: Four hunéred and eighty dollars.
text: AURORA groans so loudly it jolts the sales¢irl.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: It is too much, isn't it?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Well, Neiman's isn't the only place
dialog: to look for a wedding dress. And it
dialog: isn't like we're having a lot of people.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (accepting)
dialog: Yeah, I guess, and just to wear once.
speaker_heading: . PATSY
dialog: (suddenly to Emma)
dialog: Emma, it's my wedding gift to you.
dialog: (to salesgirl)
dialog: She'll take it.
text: AURORA and PATSY exchange a look. PATSY will not be
dialog: cowed.
scene_heading: EXT. AURORA'S HOUSE ~ NIGHT 11
text: Two lit windows. One upstairs where we can make out
text: the figure of AURORA'S pacing--through the other window,
text: we can see two young women.
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S ROOM - NIGHT 12
text: PATSY and EMMA are in pajamas, the stuffed animals still
text: in evidence. "King and I" is playing as EMMA ties
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 12
text: together a stack of original cast albums, some blues,
text: some jazz vocals. EMMA'S a mark for a good lyric.
text: PATSY is rubbing a Marlboro back and forth between her
text: fingers, the tobacco running out into an ashtray. She
text: now begins to stuff the empty cigarette with marijuana.
text: The wedding gown and maid of honor's dress hang
text: prominently in the background.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: You getting nervous vet, Emma?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No. It feels so natural. Is
dialog: something wrong with me?
scene_heading: INT. AURORA'S ROOM - NIGHT 13
text: She sits at her window seat eating from a box of
text: checolates. She is troubled. She sighs, rises and
text: Starts downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S ROOM 14
text: The cirls are smoking their revised Marlboro. Mary
text: Martin is singing "Cockeyed Optimist" from “South Pacific."
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: I feel a little foolish cetting
text: stoned to hear Ethel Merman.
speaker_heading: : EMMA
dialog: Mary Martin. You're crazy if you
dialog: smoke these in a car, Patsy. The
text: Texas troopers have gone crazy. Flap
dialog: knows this one fella in the English
dialog: department where a trooper was
text: following him so he swallowed his
dialog: grass--so they scraped his tongue
dialog: and used that as evidence. He's going
dialog: to get five years.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: (Patsy has not been listening)
dialog: This is the last time we'll be like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I just plain refuse to get into that
dialog: kind of thinking. Oh, God, this is
dialog: the last time we'll be like this,
dialog: isn't it?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ii.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 14
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: (hugging)
dialog: But we'll always love each other
dialog: and our babies will be best friends.
text: As they hug.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: It's always meant so much to me
dialog: that someone as nice as you loved me.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: Oh, Patsy, give me a break.
text: There is a knock on the door.
speaker_heading: AURORA'S VOICE
dialog: Emma?
text: Instantly the two girls part and grab four aerosol cans
text: and spray the room, a can in each hand.
speaker_heading: AURORA'S VOICE
dialog: Open the door.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You can't come in.
speaker_heading: AURORA'S VOICE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (to Patsy)
dialog: What the hell? I'm getting married.
text: She opens the door. The marijuana cigarette in her
text: mouth. PATSY hysterical in the background.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What is it, Mom?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Oh, really. I need to talk to you.
text: We hear her walk away. EMMA is curious and a bit
text: apprehensive.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Maybe she's going to tell you how
dialog: to have sex.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 14
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: She's only an expert on how to
dialog: avoid it.
dialog: {Patsy laughs)
dialog: - Oh, I shouldn't say things like
dialog: . that. I didn't mean it.
text: She bites her tongue.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS AREA - NIGRT 15
text: To show EMMA a bit wobbly, pause near the living room
dialog: getting the small pulse of pleasure she always receives
text: from taking in the original Klee painting which han¢s
text: prominently there--a few sharply angled lines, some
text: black, some grey and some red.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA'S ROOM 16
text: AURORA sitting under her favored painting--that small
text: Renoir of two handsome women wearing hats and gowns.
text: She looks grim.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Would you want me to be silent
dialog: about something that's for your
dialog: own good even if it might hurt
dialog: a little?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Yes, ma'am, I sure would.
text: She dashes out, closine the door behind her. We hear
text: her lauching, giddy--hich on life, Texas weed and her
text: own wit. AURORA is thrown by the totally unexpected
text: behavior. She starts after EMMA who reappears, still
dialog: havine a creat time.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What is it, Momma? I really would
dialog: like to get some sleep so I can
dialog: look halfway decent tomorrow.
text: AURORA can't say what she has to in this atmosphere.
text: Sulky and beleaguered, she retreats to the comfort of
text: her window seat. I+ looks out on her garden; it is
text: soft and well-cushioned and safe.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (babyingc her)
dialog: Come on, what is it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16
dialog: 4
dialog: uw
dialog: .
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 16
text: She moves to join her. AURORA looks at her examining
text: her daughter's face, liking the eyes, the round cheeks,
text: distressed with the limp hair.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I was sitting here trying to
dialog: concentrate on what wedding ¢ift
dialog: to get you...
dialog: (Emma waits her out)
dialog: For a second, I thought of my
dialog: mether's Renoir...
dialog: (Emma waits)
dialog: So I've been trying--trying to
dialog: ignore tke truth.
dialog: (launching in)
dialog: I am totally convinced that your
dialog: getting married to Flap Horton
dialog: tomorrow is a mistake of such
dialog: proportions that it would eripple
dialog: your destiny and make wretched
dialog: your lite.
text: EMMA doesn't know what hit her.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Flap is limited, he has no
dialog: imagination. Even at this ace,
dialog: all he wants is a secure teaching
dialog: job. He's not that attractive...
dialog: his teeth...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You don't know anything about me.
dialog: Shut up...just shut up or I'll get
dialog: you back. Just how can you do this
dialog: to me now? How can you? How can
dialog: you? How can you? How can you?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Because I'm your mother and I know
dialog: you're not special enough to
text: overcome a bad marriage.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (shocked--crazy mad)
dialog: Oh. Oh. Occoccoe. I'm going to
dialog: get you back.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Will you stop taking what I'm
dialog: saying personally? Use your brain.
dialog: I'm telling you the truth.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: 16 CONTINUED: (2) 16
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I can get you on your looks. You're
dialog: so worried about aging--well?...
dialog: You know your neck's losing shape...
dialog: EURORA'S remarkable gifts for self preservation come
dialog: into play. With muscles never before needed nor
text: flexed she moves to stifle her daughter's rage.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: No. You will not do this.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'm not that scared of you. You
dialog: know, your rear end...
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: No. I mean it. This is a crossroads
dialog: for us. Don't make a mistake. Do
dialog: you want to stay my daughter or not?
text: Almost literally AURORA is shoving her daugher's words
text: back down her throat. Wills lock only briefly before
text: EMMA'S gives way.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (calmer)
dialog: You're just so awful to me.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: That's more like it.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Thank God for Flap Horton for
dialog: getting me out of here.
text: She starts out then wheels on her mother.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: If this is your attitude, I don't
dialog: think you should bother to come
dialog: to the weddinc.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I think you're right. The hypocrisy
dialog: was bothering me too.
text: EMMA exits in disbelief.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: My own mother's not coming to my
dialog: wedding.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Now I suppose you're mad at me.
dialog: i7
dialog: 18
scene_heading: EXT. AURORA'S STREET - DAY 17
text: A yellow '69 XKE convertible, it's top down, is forced
text: to move slowly behind a beer delivery truck. In the
text: truck are ROSIE and her husband, ROYCE. In the car are
text: GARRETT BREEDLOVE and an 18-year-old girl. GARRETT is
dialog: a once famous astronaut for the United States of America.
text: He is in his mid 40's and sexy. He's an easygoing over-
dialog: achiever who truly believes that life can be simple and
text: fun. GARRETT and his date are hung over from a night
text: of carousing.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON AURORA. 18
text: In a housedress as she stands barefoot on her front
text: lawn, a garden tool in hand. She is looking with
text: undisguised contempt at the former national hero as he
text: pulls into the driveway immediately adjacent to her own,
text: as ROYCE steers his truck into AURORA'’S driveway. It
text: conceals BREEDLOVE'S car from our view. AURORA quickly
text: shifts her attention to ROSIE as she steps from the truck.
speaker_heading: ROSTE
dialog: No matter what my kids do to me,
dialog: I hope I'm never such a stump as
dialog: to not be at their wedding.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: They don't seem to have weddincs--
dialog: they just have christenings, don't
dialog: they?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Den't get me pissed at you. You're
dialog: having a hard enough time.
text: AURORA nods, a bit downcast.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Just do me a favor and give me a
dialog: while before I have to feel sorry |
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: How was it?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Let me get changed and I'll tell
dialog: you everything.
text: “ROYCE has gotten down from the truck and hovers into
text: view. His beer belly is fabulous-~the buckle of his
text: belt pointing straight down to the ground.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 18
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: Oh, Rovce wanted you to see
text: him dressed up.
text: she looks at him.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (loving Aurora's attention)
dialog: I just wanted to say congratulations
dialog: and that the bride looked almost as
text: pretty as her momna.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Thank you. I'm pleased you dropped
dialog: by.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: I'm pleased that I did, too. Gooc-
dialog: bye, then.
text: ROSIE starts for the house, loathing ROYCE for finding
text: AURORA so attractive. ROYCE backs the truck up
text: revealing GARRETT'S XKE. He and the young woman have
text: passed out in the car, their heads laying together, the
text: girl's hand resting on his crotch. There is a NASA
text: sticker in the window shield. AURORA takes in this
text: picture post card from the second level of heli ané
text: then advances on the car. She taps the young bicnde
text: girl gently on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Miss...Miss...
text: The hungover girl mumbles incoherently--the chain
text: reaction to AURORA'S pushing her shoulder is to have
text: the girl's hand jiggle the man's privates.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (shaking harder)
dialog: Young woman...young woman...?
dialog: (to man)
dialog: Chile molester?
speaker_heading: GIRL
text: {mumbling sexily as she feels him)
dialog: Uh-oh, here goes the rocket.
text: AURORA, shocked, shakes her violently. The ¢irl's eyes
dialog: open and focus on this angry woman old enough to be
dialog: her mother.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 18
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Listen carefully! You've passed
dialog: out in a good neighborhood this
dialog: time. Wake him up and get him
dialog: inside! But give me a second.
dialog: So far I've avoided meeting him
dialog: and I'd like to keep it that way.
text: As she moves to her house.
scene_heading: EXT. FLAP AND EMMA'S HOME - THAT NIGHT 19
text: This is a garage apartment in the area around Rice
dialog: University--poor housing to some--a “find" to graduate
text: students of which FLAP HORTON is one. There are stairs
text: leading up to the door and an area at the top of the
text: stairs with just enough room for a somewhat rusty
text: porch swing. Houston is built on a swamp. It is
text: tropical; the air is extraordinarily sensual and, for
text: EMMA, sitting outside on one of those humid, fragrant
dialog: summer nichts is part of what being Houstonian is all
text: abeut. So she sits here now with her new husbande, still
text: halt dressed in the clothes they were married in, a bit
text: drunk from champagne, with their belongings inside
dialog: awaiting the setting up of housekeeping if energy ever
text: strikes. Their clothes are dirty from the porch. They
text: are somewhat sweaty as they eat from a Kentucky Colonel
text: carton. FLAP finishing off some corn-on-the-cob. FLAP
dialog: is 23 and looks like a nice guy.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'm glad we didn't try to do a
dialog: honeymoon.
text: The phene begins ringing.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: She's going crazy. I'll make
dialog: her wait till noon tomorrow.
dialog: That's about all she could take.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: You're totally justified to stay
text: clear away from her forever.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Oh, she just came apart because I
dialog: was leaving and she was feeling
dialog: more alone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: ig
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: (as if to a simpleton)
dialog: Emma, your mother boycotted your
dialog: wedding. She hates your husband and
dialog: she only holds you in medium esteem.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: "Medium esteem"=--you're so cute.
text: FLAP stands and helps her up, finishing some corn-on- 20
text: the-cob. She gives him a little kiss and hand-in-hand
text: they walk across their threshold. Books are stacked
text: in piles, most of them paperbacks. As they move
text: past the stacks.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Wouldn't it have been strange i=
dialog: one of us married someone who
dialog: ' @idn't like to read? And there
dialog: must be millions of interesting
dialog: people in the world who just don't
dialog: like to read. I feel so totally
dialog: good about us. I hope I get
dialog: pregnant tonight.
speaker_heading: PLAP
dialog: It would be nice. I love the
dialog: way you look. You're so nice
dialog: and round.
text: Now FLAP tosses his corn away and embraces her in
text: good-natured sexuality and moves her towards the
text: mattress lying on the floor without boxspring.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (between kisses)
dialog: The only thing I don't like
dialog: about sex is that it always
text: means the end of a conversation.
text: Now they go at it on the mattress, the windows open,
text: lamps on at the other end of the room provice illumi-
dialog: mation. When FLAP gets horny, it would never occur
dialog: to him to close doors or shut out lights. Sut he
text: pauses for some atypical foreplay, kisses her body,
text: touches her, they grin at each other.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (impressed with his foreplay)
dialog: Well, aren't we being leisurely
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 20
text: She holds his head to her chest, gives it a sudden
text: squeeze. Then a wave of tenderness as he begins to
text: kiss her friendly buds. The phone, finally after
text: some 35 rings, stops.
speaker_heading: . EMMA
dialog: It's just a shame that my mother's
dialog: too arrogant to ever admit how
dialog: ‘wrong she was about you and how
dialog: levely and wonderful you are.
text: But now she pauses because the SOUND of FLAP sucking
text: the corn from his teeth between kisses of her breast
text: is distracting her.
speaker_heading: ON FLAP 221
text: Pausing over the breast, making the noise that's
text: somewhere on the graph between annoying and plain
text: disgusting. His nose wrinkled in concentration as
text: he tries to suck loose another kernel. He finally
text: goes and busies himsel£ once more with EMMA'S breast,
text: then feels her staring down at him.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (swatting him)
dialog: What are you dcing?
text: He realizes suddenly ané they both laugh.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: (embarrassed and pleased
dialog: with himsel£)
dialog: Come on, it's not that terrible.
text: He picks at his teeth. A kernel of corn falis to
text: EMMA'S breast as she flicks it away.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Flap, for God's sake. What's
dialog: the opposite of romantic?
scene_heading: EXT. EMMA'S APT. - MORNING 22
text: From the record player, we hear Ethel Merman and
text: Russell Nype singing "I Hear Music” from "Call Me Madam”.
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S APT. - DAY 23
text: EMMA and FLAP have just finished having sex again.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 23
speaker_heading: PLAP
dialog: That is the strangest music to
dialog: have sex to.
speaker_heading: . EMMA
dialog: : I know.
text: He smiles and reaches next to him for a paperback book.
text: The phone starts ringing from the kitchen. FLAP makes
text: a sour face. EMMA decides to answer it. Scampering
text: from the bed, she is wearing one of FLAP'S T-shirts and
dialog: nothing else.
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S KITCHEN - NIGHT 24
text: EMMA picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I'm not ready to forgive you.
dialog: I'm happy--leave me alone. I
dialog: don't want to talk now.
text: She starts to hang up, then reconsiders.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Oh, did you see the table cloth
dialog: Rosie made me? Oh, it's beautiful.
dialog: No, not yet. I thought omelettes.
dialog: No, I'll do them sort of Tex-Mex.
dialog: I don't feel like talking now. No,
dialog: I mean it. That was the worst thing
dialog: you ever did to me.
text: FLAP comes padding in shirtless, zipping up his jeans
text: as EMMA sees him.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: {continuing into phone)
dialog: Well, I think you owe my husband an
dialog: apology. Well, until you do tell
dialog: it to my husband, I'm not going
dialog: to listen to any of your gossip.
dialog: He's right here.
text: FLAP gestures he wants no part of the phone. EMMA mimes
text: that he must do this. He shakes his head. finally she
text: wins the silent debate, FLAP taking the phone. EMMA'S
text: concentration on his end of the conversation is
dialog: extraordinary.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: nN
dialog: uw
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello, Mrs. Greenway...No, ma'am,
dialog: I'm not enjoying your predicament.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (shouting towards phone)
dialog: Momma, be nice. I'm not kidding.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: (overriding her)
dialog: As a matter of fact, I don't need
dialog: or desire an apology. All I want is
dialog: for you to understand and appreciate
dialog: my position, to respect our marriage
dialog: and to maybe wait another 15 minutes
dialog: before you call in the morning.
dialog: (he grins)
dialog: Yes, I guess I've said my piece.
dialog: Okay. I'll put her on.
text: EMMA gives him a big kiss. Takes the phone.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Hi. Isn't he great?
scene_heading: INT. AURORA'S BEDROOM - MORNING - ONE YEAR LATER 25
text: The legend ONE YEAR LATER appears on the screen. AURORA
text: is still asleep though the sun is shining in and from
dialog: the television set, left on from the night before, we
text: can see the TODAY SHOW with Hugh Downs as host. There
text: is noise outside--vulgar, male “walla". She gets up
text: and walks to the window.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - AURORA'S POV 26
text: An all night party breaking up at GARRETT'S house. A
text: motley group of spent revelers saying goodbye to him
text: at the door. He accepts their embraces while holding
text: a waste basket full of empty liquor bottles in the
text: other hand. Now he restrains one girl, bidding her
text: to stay; she nods acquiescence. She waits for him
text: while he happily goes around to the side of the house--
text: the driveway adjoining AURORA'S--removes the lid from one
text: of his main garbage cans to empty his container into it.
text: He misses. The bottles crash. He looks at the mess,
text: then does some twinkle-toed broken glass running back
text: to the girl. She laughs.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA'S BEDROOM 27
text: As she looks at him with diseust. Her attention is
text: once more arrested.
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - AURORA'S POV 23
text: ROYCE'S truck pulls to the curb. ROSIE gets out one
text: door, ROYCE the other. He reaches into the cab and
text: loads her with some shopping cartons, then looks up.
speaker_heading: ROYCE'S POV 29
text: AURORA in her nightgown, pink folds of satin, white
text: lace straps, the goddess of middle-age come to haunt
text: his next erotic beer dream.
scene_heading: ON ROYCE AND ROSIE 30
text: As she follows his glance while burdened with packages,
text: then looks back at AURORA, still visible. She gestures
text: for AURORA to step away from the window, which AURORA
text: does. She nudges ROYCF sharply.
speaker_heading: ROYCE
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: Even a priest can look.
speaker_heading: ROSTE
dialog: Is that why you drove me today--
dialog: to catch a glimpse ef your dreamboat?
text: She marches off towards the house.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KITCHEN DOOR. 31
text: ROSIE can see AURORA dialing the phone. ROSIE balances
text: the carton and struggles with the key, all within plain
text: sight of AURORA who makes no effort to help her.
text: Finally AURORA hangs up and busies herself with breakfast
text: rather than open the door fer ROSIE.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY 32
text: As ROSIE enters.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hi, it's me. I don't want to
dialog: rive in this rain. Would you
dialog: pick me up?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Why don't you just show Royce your
dialog: bosoms and get it over with?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 32
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (fuming)
dialog: Instead of being upset with me,
dialog: why don't you realize that this is
dialog: apparently how desperate I've gotten
dialog: for a little male approval?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: (guiltily)
dialog: I didn't think of that.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSTON SHOPPING MALL - DAY . 33
text: Sheets of rain are falling. Women waiting in the slim
text: shelter of the department store awning for men to
text: pick them up in the car...Traffic is heavy-~the pick-up
text: area three and four cars deep.
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S CAR - DAY 34
text: As she maneuvers towards the area--four cars from the
text: curb. She beeps. AURORA gestures for EMMA to get
text: her car closer.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Iean't. You're just going to
dialog: have to get a little wet.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSTON STREET - DAY 35
text: Pouring rain--EMMA'S old, clearly run-down car in late
text: afternoon rush hour traffic.
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S CAR - DAY 36
text: AURORA, her packages in her lap, notes a bit of water
text: running into the car from the top of her window.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Look at this--it's raining in.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (broadly sarcastic)
dialog: Well, heavens.
text: She is straining to see out, wiping at the fogged
text: windowshield with her hand.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSECTION - DAY 37
text: As the light changes, EMMA'S car entering.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 37
speaker_heading: AURORA'S VOICE
dialog: Emma, stop!
text: fhe car's brake locks and it hydroplanes as it spins
text: in a wide arc.
speaker_heading: , EMMA'S VOICE
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: Oh, Goddammit!
speaker_heading: AURORA'S VOICE
dialog: We don't need language like that now.
text: The car comes to rest blocking two lanes.
scene_heading: INT. CAR ~ DAY 38
text: The engine is silent. EMMA takes a breath of relief,
text: tries to start the car; it will not turn over. AURORA
text: shakes her head in disapproval. EMMA crimaces at her
text: mother's attitude then puts her hand on the door handle.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: We'd better get out of here.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Why do I have to?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: It's too easy for another car
dialog: to plow into us.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR - DAY 39
text: EMMA gingerly getting out the driver's side, no protec-
text: tion from the rain, the cars rushing by. A hand reaches
text: through the passenger's window, an umbrella opens;
text: AURORA steps out being ever so careful as she switches
text: the umbrella to the other hand, steps gingerly to the
text: street, is startled by a passing car and falls face
text: down into the street. As EMMA rushes around the car
text: towards her, the spray from the wheels of a passing
text: truck drench AURORA, the packages she was carrying moisten
text: and open showing the garments she purchased. As EMMA
text: struggles with her mother, they look up and react:
speaker_heading: THEIR POV 40
text: A short man in a cowboy hat and boots expertly and
text: calmly setting down flares, his car parked a few feet/
text: behing them. Already the flares are having a good effect
text: as the passing vehicles give wider berth. He walxs over
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 40
text: to them now, a shy Texan named VERNON DAHLART. Right
text: now he helps her to her feet; she is dirty and wet and
text: staggered by her fall, but, even so, the muddy mess of
text: a woman flashes a smile, laughs at herself, pulls the
text: wet dress a bit more snug against her breast.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: You're not hurt or anything, are you?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Thanks for stopping. What's your
dialog: name? .
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: Vernon Dahlart. So you ain't hurt?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: No. I'm very grateful. My name's
dialog: Aurora Greenway and this is my
dialog: daughter, Emma, and I won't blame
dialog: you if you don't forgive us for the
dialog: way we look.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: I'm just glad you weren't hurt.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I just don't know what we do now.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: Well, I own some garages, so let me
dialog: phone from my car. I'll have your
text: car picked up and fixed up and arrange
dialog: for a loaner for you and I’11 run you
dialog: on home and there's some blankets in
text: the back and a thermos of hot pea
text: soup and one of vegetable.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (overwhelmed)
dialog: Thanks.
text: AURORA takes VERNON'S arm. EMMA following, they walk
text: to his car. He tugs nervously at his ear.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Don't tug at your ears like that.
dialog: You'll stretch your earlobes.
speaker_heading: VERNON
text: I get the fidgets around ladies.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 40
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: So you're in the garage business?
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: I got eight or nine businesses that
dialog: I look after when I'm in Houston.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Where else do you go?
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: Alberta.
text: A car comes by. VERNON ducks AURORA down and takes 41
text: the spray full in his face. She didn't get it,
dialog: however, prompting him to say with sincerity:
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: That was close.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: What's in Alberta?
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: Oil.
text: She turns to see EMMA to see if she heard.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I guess we're dropping me off first.
scene_heading: INT. VERNON'S CAR - DAY 42
text: As EMMA gets in the back seat, AURORA in the front.
text: While VERNON circles the car, they have the oppor-
text: tunity to take in the two phones, the TV set built in
text: the back, the safe between the two front seats, the
text: front dashboard of cowhide, the kind with the hair
text: still on it. VERNON gets into the car.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What a car.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (touches cowhide)
dialog: Except for this--how'd that happen?
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: . . (chagrined)
dialog: My idea.
text: They move off.
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: EXT. EMMA'S APT. 43
text: As they drop her off. And drive off.
scene_heading: INT. VERNON'S CAR 44
text: AURORA, a blanket around her, sipping soup.
speaker_heading: . AURORA
dialog: Where do you live?
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: Right here mostly when I'm in town.
dialog: The seat becomes a bed and I own a
dialog: six-story parking lot so I just park
dialog: up top. I keep a hotel room for
dialog: clothes and cleaning up but I'm on
dialog: the go out of state a lot. I have a
dialog: pack of nieces and nephews down here,
dialog: though, that I get fun out of. That's
dialog: my family and my top men work out of
dialog: Houston...I might change that though
dialog: because of...whew...what's happening
dialog: here?...I never talked so much about
dialog: myself in my life.
scene_heading: EXT. AURORA'S HOUSE - DAY 45
text: As VERNON'S car pulls up.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: This it?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Yes. Why do you look so upset?
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: I guess I wish we weren't strangers.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I'm giving a dinner for some family
dialog: on Wednesday. Are you free?
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: Lord, yes.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: Let’s walk a little. I'll show vou
dialog: my garden while there's still some
text: light.
text: He pops a knuckle.
speaker_heading: AURCRA
dialog: Iwish I didn't make you so nervous.
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S APT. - NIGHT 46
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: My mother gave me money to shop so
dialog: I wouldn't look poor next to Patsy.
dialog: I got you something.
speaker_heading: FLAP'S VOICE
dialog: Oh, is Patsy going to be there
dialog: tonicht?
speaker_heading: EMMA.
dialog: (annoyed how this pleases him)
dialog: Yesss. You want to dress better?
text: FLAP enters. He is dressed for the dinner. A sport
text: coat and slacks. FLAP enters the bedroom as EMMA
text: snips the tags.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Aw, come on.
text: She hands him a box. He opens the cover and finds a tie.
text: He is annoyed.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: How often do I wear a tie?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Tonight you are.
speaker_heading: PLAP
dialog: You didn't get that tie for me.
dialog: You were worried about how I'd
dialog: look to your mother. I wish
dialog: you'd stop being such a quisling
text: where she's concerned.
text: —MMA is hurt as she looks at him.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Every time I feel really happy,
dialog: you turn perverse on me.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: (disbelief)
dialog: And buying that tie made you happy?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Yes. Yes. I wish you would under-
dialog: stan@ that because you really don't.
dialog: It made me very happy describing your
text: jacket to the salesman, thinking how
dialog: it would go absolutely perfectly with
dialog: what you're wearing...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 46
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT'D)
text: (she picks it up and holds
dialog: it against his outfit to see)
dialog: .«..which, by the way, it certainly
dialog: does. It was a goddamned Mardi Gras
dialog: buying you that tie and you're tco
dialog: dumb to understand that kind of
dialog: happiness.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: I'm sorry. I was terrible. Going
dialog: to your mother's always makes me a
dialog: little irrational.
text: A car horn sounds from outside. FLAP moves towards the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: (calling)
dialog: We're coming, Dad.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Do you like the tie?
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: I knew you would.
scene_heading: INT. AGRORA'S HOME - NIGHT 47
text: As she opens the door to admit the three HORTONS--FLAP,
text: EMMA and FLAP’S father, CECIL. He's wearing a good suit
text: that doesn't look like it belongs on him. AURORA is
text: wearing a long green gown and some silver jewelry. In
text: a series of quick cuts they go through a ritualistic
dialog: inspection.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON AURCRA 48
text: As she quickly checks out her daughter's hair.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON EMMA 49
text: Catching her mother's disapproval.
speaker_heading: ON AURORA 50
text: Looking at the dress, nodding that she likes it.
dialog: 51
dialog: $2
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: ON EMMA 51
text: Acting like her mother's opinion doesn't matter.
speaker_heading: ON AURORA $2
text: As she notes FLAP'S tie.
speaker_heading: ON FLAP 53
dialog: Uncomfortable because despite his own considerable
text: independence, he always feels cowed by his mother-in-law.
speaker_heading: ON AURORA 54
text: Her well-cared-for hand swallowed by CECIL'S.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Come in. How are you, Cecil?
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: I always look forward to being here.
dialog: I never know what I'm eating but
dialog: you can't beat it for tasty.
text: As AURORA closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT s5
text: ROSIE is passing a tray with goodies. She's smoking.
text: AURORA is guiding CECIL through the room. VERNON enters
dialog: with a drink in each hand. Never, at any moment, do his
text: eyes leave AURORA. At one point PATSY stares at him as
text: he drinks in AURORA.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: You like her, huh?
text: He doesn't hear her. Because at that moment AURCRA
text: laughs at something. VERNON loves her laugh, his eyes
text: shine, he shakes his head in utter wonderment at how
dialog: perfect the laugh is.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Lord, she's somethin’.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: (louder)
dialog: You like her?
text: VERNON is startlec. He turns to face PATSY.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: (a bit mortified)
dialog: Does it show?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 55
scene_heading: ANGLE ON AURORA AND CECIL AND FLAP.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (to Cecil)
dialog: I'm making shrimp creole and I'm
dialog: not serving bread. I don't think
dialog: it will be possible for you to sop
dialog: the plate clean the way you always do.
speaker_heading: cECIL
dialog: I'm too good for you to stop with
dialog: any meal.
speaker_heading: . AURORA
dialog: Well, we'll see.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Don't make fun of him.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Really, every time you get two
dialog: sips of a drink in you, you start
dialog: looking for a way to confront me.
dialog: Don't do it in my house.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Whut's going on? Leave her alone.
dialog: She's fine to me.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Let's sit down--Patsy, Vernon.
dialog: Patsy, find Emma.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - NIGHT : 56
text: ROSIE, smoking, has a tray of drinks beside her as she
text: and EMMA sit with feet up on the back porch. They are
dialog: drinking.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: So he stays away four whole days
text: and when he comes back, he doesn't
dialog: even stay awake long enough to rub
dialog: my back.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Want me to rub it?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Would you?
text: EMMA gets up, stands behind ROSIZ and rubs her back as
text: PATSY comes up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 56
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: He used to give me such a good
dialog: lovin'--wild but polite. Remember
dialog: how I used to tell you when you
dialog: was young?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: My favorite stories.
speaker_heading: ROSIE.
dialog: You was always the best child I
dialog: knowed. I always feel bad inside
dialog: that I love you more than my...Own.
dialog: Anyways, after he fell asleep, my
dialog: throat just closed on me. I got
dialog: the choking feeling. You know what
dialog: I'm talking about?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Oh, good.
text: PATSY now decides she can interrupt.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: You mother's serving.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Let's go.
text: She walks briskly inside. PATSY and EMMA walking in
text: behind her. EMMA feeling natural. For her the episode
dialog: with ROSIE was not particularly special but PATSY, as
text: happens to her with some frequency in this friendship,
text: feels shallow next to EMMA. There is a half-beat of
text: alienation as PATSY walks alongside her.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Yes.
text: She puts her arm around PATSY'S shoulders as they walk in.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT 87
text: FLAP is feeling faizly wanton as he looks at PATSY. When
text: she becomes aware of this:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 57
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: {to Patsy)
dialog: Emma says you helped her pick out
dialog: the tie for me. I really like it.
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: ON AURORA 58
text: Seated at the head of the table, VERNON and CECIL on
text: either side. She catches VERNON staring at her intently
text: and pushes his face a bit so it is pointing in another
text: Girection. She, in turn, is fixed on the spectacle of
text: CECIL using a prawn to mop up the very last traces from
text: his plate. He is really into it, dipping the prawn in
text: the gravy and slurping it dry, then re-dipping it.
speaker_heading: cEcIL .
dialog: (mouth full)
dialog: And you thought I couldn't do...
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I'm sorry but I just can’t understand
dialog: you if you talk with your mouth full.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: Sorry.
text: He takes the food from his mouth and holds it in his hance.
speaker_heading: CECIL
dialog: {continuing}
dialog: Now I was saying...
dialog: (breaks into laugh)
dialog: Just wanted to see your face.
text: He chuckles and replaces the food in his mouth.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT 59
text: As EMMA and AURORA, some thousands of clean-ups to their
dialog: eredit, work with smooth precision on this one. Sut
text: AURORA keeps a steady eye on her daughter since they
dialog: are handling the good china.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Careful. Did Vernon say a word?
dialog: Isn't it just my luck to get someone
dialog: who has no idea how to handle me? I
dialog: don't like being worshipped until I
dialog: earn it. What's wrong with you?
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED)
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 59
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: It does get my goat that my husband
dialog: lusts after my best friend.
dialog: (calming)
dialog: : Maybe my temper is due to nature.
dialog: - (she turns te her)
dialog: There is some good news. I'm
text: unofficially pregnant.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I didn't get the test back but
dialog: you know me, I'm never late.
dialog: (on Aurora's look)
dialog: I'm going to get so mad if you're
dialog: not happy for me. I mean it.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: And what abcut meee? What about
dialog: my being a grandmother?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What's wrong with that?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (suffering)
dialog: Nothing. It's wonderful. It
dialog: just might not be true.
speaker_heading: EMA
dialog: I think it is so you might as well...
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: {angry but clenched)
dialog: But maybe it's not. So let's not
text: start the celebration prematurely.
text: She stalks out the side door leading to the front vard.
text: AURORA walks the lawn barefooted under the stars. 60
text: This moment staggers her. She moves into a darker
text: area so that we can just see her, but we hear her
text: sighing, collecting herself. Suddenly she is illumi-
text: nated by headlights as a long Lincoln pulls in the
text: bordering driveway.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CAR
text: As it steps. We see that GARRETT is in the passencer
text: Seat sitting beside two beautiful and beautifully
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 60
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 60
dialog: dressed youne women. They are almost as young as the
dialog: girls we've seen him with earlier but there is a great
dialog: difference. They are privileged, upper strata young
dialog: women. The world owes them a living and it has shown
dialog: every intention of paying up.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: Do you need some help?
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: I'll let you know after I stretch
dialog: my legs.
text: Ke opens the car door and falls flat on his face. He
text: laughs. DORIS leans out the window. She has obviously
text: had her hands full with him for a good part of the evening.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: (leaning out the window)
dialog: You're bleeding.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: That's okay. Come inside.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: No, thank you.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Safety in numbers.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: No, thank you.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: What is there to be afraid of?
text: AURORA has almost forgotten herself and her probiems to
text: take a few steps closer where she stands taking every-
dialog: thing in.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: Afraid???
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Well then, Doris, why not come in?
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: Because you're much older than the
dialog: boys I date, because you're drunk,
dialog: because when I went there tonight
dialog: to see a United States astronaut
dialog: give a lecture, I didn't expect him
speaker_heading: {MORE}
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: DORIS (CONT'D)
dialog: to prowl after us all night long.
dialog: I expected a here, not some silly
text: flirt who has to keep his jacket
dialog: open because his belly's getting
dialog: too bis.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: (hopefully addressing other girl)
dialog: Lee Anne, would you like to come in?
speaker_heading: LEE ANNE
dialog: You'd better tend to that cut.
text: The car moves of2. He grovels about trying to get tc
text: his feet.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: {mumbling a judgement)
dialog: This wasn't a good time.
text: He tries to pull himself up by grabbing a full garbac
text: can. Instead it tips over. Garbage is on him, he is
text: bleeding considerably, grunting in genuine pain that
text: has sobered him instantly as the heavy metal cans
text: crashed against his head. Now AURORA steps out. He
text: sees her.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Will you give me a hand?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Give you a hand? It's all I can
dialog: do not to step on your face.
text: She steps over him and crosses to the house.
speaker_heading: GO TO BLAC
scene_heading: INT. LARGE COLLEGE AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: The entire audience is made up of young women. They
text: being addressed by a somewhat older, but decidedly
dialog: Eastern, woman.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: And what we're talking about today
dialog: is not just for women who do their
dialog: shopping on Fifth Avenue or Rodeo
dialog: Drive...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUE.
dialog: 61
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 61
text: ANGLE ON EMMA AND PATSY.
text: EMMA is holding an adorable infant, her first born,
text: TOMMY. PATSY sits alongside her, somewhat intent.
speaker_heading: . EMMA
dialog: Where's Rodeo Drive?
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Beverly Hills.
text: EMMA nods.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Don't make the mistake of thinking
dialog: this movement is for those women
dialog: eut there. This will impact on
dialog: your lives.
text: TOMMY starts crying. EMMA attempts to shush him. She
text: is embarrassed.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Tommy--sssshhh.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: The final tyranny is not how the
dialog: established order views us but how
dialog: we can be made to view ourselves.
text: TOMMY'S crying is now so pronounced that EMMA excuses
text: herself, stepping over several other women.
speaker_heading: SEATED GIRL
dialog: Be's sweet looking.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Thanks. Wish he was quietez.
text: And now she reaches the aisle.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: I said before there are three things
dialog: you can do immediately and easily
dialog: to improve the quality of your life.
dialog: Now I'll tell you what those three
dialog: - things are. Number one...
text: EMMA is at the head of the aisle. She pushes open the
text: door with one hand, steps out and the door closes behind
text: her and her squalling baby.
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: EXT. AURORA'S BACK YARD - DAY ~ TWO YEARS LATER 62
text: Where we can see TOMMY, now a toddler, moving after
text: ROSIE, who darts away from him.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Come on, run harder.
speaker_heading: AURORA'S VOICE
dialog: He's so fat.
speaker_heading: EMMA'S VOICE
dialog: No. His legs will grow a lot this
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: AURORA'S VOICE
dialog: That won't make much difference if
dialog: you keep stuffing him with food.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA'S LAUNDRY ROOM : 63
text: Where EMMA is doing her clothes. Her mother looking
text: out the window at her grandson. The SOUND of a phone
dialog: ringing.
dialog: She hangs
text: EMMA picks it up.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: If it's Vernon, tell him...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: »e-that you're out.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: ...that I'm resting.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hi, Flap...Oh--where? No, I don't
dialog: want to wait to hear. Tell me.
dialog: (suddenly down)
dialog: My. Oh, you did not expect I'd be
dialog: happy--let's be honest with each other
dialog: before we have to start: pretending.
dialog: Look, my mother's right here trying
dialog: to look disinterested. So I'll see
dialog: you later. I know. Everything will
dialog: be fine.
text: up. The phone is barely on the cradle, then:
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: How long are you going to keep this
dialog: a secret?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 63
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: The only school that's accepted
text: Flap as an associate is in Des Moines.
dialog: We're going to have to move there for
dialog: the fall semester.
text: AURORA has a dark moment, then mutters to hersel<.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: He can't even do the simple things--
dialog: like fail locally.
text: EMMA is briefly pissed at her mother.
speaker_heading: (OMIT SCENE) 64
scene_heading: EXT. EMMA'S APARTMENT - DAY 65
text: The U-Haul is filled and attached to the rear of the
text: HORTON'S car. Stacks of books and records as always.
text: PATSY'S car and AURORA'S Cadillac are in evidence as
text: are the two women and ROSIE.
text: FLAP holds TOMMY by the hand as they look with curiosity
text: at the women doing their leave-taking. AURORA is waiting
text: with growing impatience for ROSIE to finish hugging and
text: kissing EMMA goodbye. Just as they seem to have finished
dialog: their last squeeze, one of them gets the need for just
text: one mere; it’s almost an informal reception line with
text: the reception growing colder as they move from EMMA
text: to TOMMY to his father.
text: ROSIE and EMMA are locked in still another embrace.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Rosie.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: (taking orders)
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (to Emma)
dialog: Be sweet, honey.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Okay. And make Momma drive you
dialog: home when you work late. Have
dialog: some fun sometimes, too.
text: PATSY steps up to EMMA and they embrace.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Well, Ems...I didn't expect to be
dialog: this devastated.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65
dialog: I ~~
dialog: - 66
dialog: 1
dialog: '
dialog: a
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 65
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I sure dic.
dialog: They hus.
text: ROSIE kisses TOMMY who tries to avoid the kiss. She
text: grabs his heaé in both her hands and gives him one
text: on the mouth.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: He's got himself the sweetest lips.
text: PATSY hugs the child--ROSIE nods to FLAP--AURORA leans
text: her face towards FLAP; he kisses her once, leaning
text: forward to barely brush her cheek with his lips;
text: they don't touch. PATSY gives him a hug; he squeezes
dialog: a might too hard.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Be good to her or we'll set you.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Not you too, Patsy.
speaker_heading: ON AURORA 66
text: Poised before her daughter.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: Don't act brave. I know you're
dialog: going to go to pieces without
dialog: me to nag.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Well, I'm glad somebody's able to
text: be in a joking mood.
text: She gives her daughter a hug as EMMA moves back.
dialog: =MMA
dialog: That's the first time I stopped
dialog: hugging first.
text: She hugs her mother again. They break and she looks
text: at her--then shakes her head in disapproval.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Get yourself a decent maternity dress.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: You had to get one in.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66
dialog: 68
dialog: 4l.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 66
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: She thinks it's me. It's not.
dialog: (turning to others)
dialog: You're her friend, Patsy, tell her.
text: She moves to her grandson. He stares at her. They
dialog: are not close.
speaker_heading: - AURORA
dialog: Well, Tom.
text: She pats his head absently.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Goodbye, Aunt Aurora.
text: TOMMY gets in the back of the car. FLAP and EMMA in
text: front. ROSIE starts to cry. AURORA looks at her with
text: d@isapproval so ROSIE moves off to enter AURCRA'S car
dialog: and cry in private.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Write as soon as you get there
dialog: so I know your adéress and all.
text: EMMA nods, not able to speak.
scene_heading: EMMA'S POV FROM INSIDE CAR 67
text: PATSY and AURORA standing just a few feet apart. AURORA
dialog: s a bit more vulnerable than we might have imagined anc
dialog: a bit less than we'd hope.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (to Emma)
dialog: The phone bill is going to be enormous.
text: EMMA smiles at her mother. AURORA backs off, but before
text: the car pulls out, EMMA beckons PATSY over to the car
dialog: for a private word.
speaker_heading: ON AURORA 63
text: Overhearing what EMMA is saying.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Do me a favor. Look in on my mother
dialog: once in a while.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: I think she's glad she finally
dialog: deesn't have to see me anymore.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: 68 CONTINUED: 68
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No. You interest her.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Okay. Be happy. I love you.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Me, too.
text: They kiss through the open window.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Can we go now?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: _ (wanting a last, long look)
dialog: Okay. But go slow.
text: FLAP hits the accelerator, burning rubber. They move
text: quickly out of sight.
scene_heading: 69 AURORA AND PATSY 69
text: Standing several feet apart. Their first moment ever
dialog: tosether without EMMA as intermediary. From the look
text: on AURORA'S face, it is obvious to PATSY that she has
text: overhearé. An awkward pause, then:
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: I really would like to come see
dialog: you from time to time.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (nicely, even warm)
dialog: I think we both know I'm not old
dialog: enough to need a welcome wagon
dialog: and you've got too much going
dialog: for you to be one.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Oh, Mrs. Greenway.
text: She shakes her head and walks. We can almost see the
text: minute beat where AURORA decides not to linger and look
text: back at the apartment her daughter lived in as a bride
text: and young mother.
scene_heading: 70 EXT. BUS STOP =~ DAY 70
text: As AURORA'S car comes to the curb to drop ROSIE off.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY
text: ROSIE erying, AURORA can't bear it. She leans
text: ROSIE to open her door.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: - Here's your bus stop. Will you
dialog: . get out?
text: she shoves at her.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Den't push me when I'm erying.
speaker_heading: - AURORA
dialog: It's not the end of the world.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: It's the end of your world. Emma's
dialog: the only one who can take ya.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: That's right, I don't have a devoted
dialog: husband like yours to comfort me.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: fiercely mad)
dialog: Oh, you shit-head.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Just get cut.
text: ROSIE gets out of the car, gathering hersel=.
text: shouts at AURORA as she drives away.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Locks like we're going to get alon¢c
dialog: wonderful without Emma, don't it?
scene_heading: INT. FLAP'S CAR = NIGHT
dialog: EMMA looking for the right radio station, FLAP
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Honey.
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: I think it's going to be good
dialog: for us to be away from your--
dialog: our families.
text: EMMA nods, edges closer to him.
dialog: 71
dialog: across
dialog: She
dialog: 72
dialog: driving.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72
dialog: a at
dialog: |
dialog: a
dialog: i
dialog: ' 73
dialog: '
dialog: 74
dialog: i
speaker_heading: ’
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: o~
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 72
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I miss Houston.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You don't know how lucky you are.
dialog: Everybody wants to go to Des Moines.
dialog: People come from all over the world
dialog: to get one look at Des Moines before
dialog: they die. Some people think it's
dialog: the best city in Iowa.
text: FLAP grins at her.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I know you're teasing. Texas is
dialog: the best.
text: EMMA gets on her knees and begins to fix up a bed for
text: TOMMY in the back seat. As she does so...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Stop worrying. We're going to see
dialog: terrific new things.
text: As she turns back, her eye is caught by something
text: out the window.
speaker_heading: EMMA'S POV 73
text: A sign lit by a billboard lamp. It reads “You are
dialog: now leaving Texas."
scene_heading: BACK TO EMMA 74
text: Her eyes filling with tears. She is surprised and a
text: bit embarrassed by her reaction. She turns to FLAP,
text: pointing at the tears in her eyes, feeling foolish.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Well, look at me.
scene_heading: EXT. AURORA'S HOUSE - EVENING 75
text: AURORA upset--barefoot. Walking her backyard, working
text: the garden. We hear a man running, whooping, then the
text: splash of water, then swimming, then a man emerging
text: from a pool. AURORA does not approve.
speaker_heading: . AURORA
dialog: (yelling for quiet)
dialog: Will you please...If you will...?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 75
text: GARRETT, toweling himself, naked to the waist, at least
text: from what we can see, comes to the fence separating the
dialog: property.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Sorry. I just took a sauna and
dialog: you can't help yelling when you
dialog: hit that cold water.
dialog: 7
text: She nods and continues putterinc, unnerved by his near
dialog: presence.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: . (continuing)
dialog: You're not going to ignore me
dialog: when I speak directly to you?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I'm not ignoring you. What amTi
dialog: supposed to say? Okay. I suppose
dialog: it is hard not to yell when you
dialog: hit that cold water.
text: He grins, muses whether to confess something tc her.
text: She has turned away.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Hey?
text: She almost looks straight at him but is unable to and
text: busies herself again.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Well, what is your name--Aurora?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: You want a shock?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Not especially.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: They were going to have this NASA
text: dinner at the White House. Some
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75
dialog: 4é.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 75
speaker_heading: GARRETT (CONT'D)
dialog: cosmonauts and all of us and I was
dialog: thinking there was nobody I could
dialog: take. Because everybody I flew
dialog: : with, their wives would have given
text: . me bitch bites up and down my back
dialog: if I showed up with one of my regular
dialog: girls and I don't know anyone their
dialog: age. And then I thought, I could
dialog: ask my next door neighbor.
text: She looks at him with astonishment.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: (continuing easily)
dialog: Then they canceled the evening. But
dialog: I was really going to ask you out
dialog: for a minute there. In spite of
dialog: everything. Isn't that a shocker?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Sure. Imagine you having a date with
dialog: someone where it wasn't necessarily
dialog: a felony.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: (having fun)
dialog: What would you have said if I'é
dialog: asked you--seriously?
text: AURORA--just a bit unnerved--thinks for a beat, then:
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I would have said I'd like to see
dialog: the White House.
speaker_heading: . GARRETT
dialog: So you would have gone. Well,
dialog: Aurora, I'm the one who ended up
text: shocked.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (smiling despite hersel=)
dialog: Goode night.
text: She starts in.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: What the hell? You want to have
dialog: @inner out sometime?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 75 CONTINUED: (3) 75
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: ~~ (too fast)
dialog: No. No, thank you.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Luneh. Don't ladies like you have
dialog: lunch a lot?
text: She turns, suspecting she's being teased, ready to be angry.
text: 76 AURORA walks to her shoes and picks them up. She 76
text: wiggles her toes in the grass, looks at the attractive,
text: grinning man.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: You know, your manner isn't--there's
dialog: something like you think you're
dialog: toying with me.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Yes, I'm playing with you, Aurora.
dialog: Want to play? Have Lunch.
text: ' She crosses to him, then stopping a few feet away.
speaker_heading: _~ AURORA
dialog: See, that's just the element I mean.
dialog: . If you want to have lunch at some
dialog: ! restaurant to have a more pleasant
text: atmosphere around the neighborhooc,
dialog: I'm not going to say nc, but...
speaker_heading: ' GARRETT
dialog: Okay, then. We'll try it.
speaker_heading: | AURORA
dialog: : But first, let's...
dialog: , (on his grin)
dialog: I'm not fooling, first, let's clarify...
text: ’ ' GARRETT gestures to her.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Come here. We're too far apart
dialog: ' to talk.
text: She moves closer to the fence trying to seem amused and
text: patronizing when she actually feels terrified and 16
dialog: years old.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 76
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: (dripping sex)
dialog: Now, since you've agreed, let's save
dialog: the rest of it. I know how you feel.
dialog: There were countdowns when I had
dialog: second thoughts. But I figured
dialog: ence you've said you'll do it and
dialog: they strap you in an@ you're in the
dialog: hands of something bigger and more
dialog: powerful than yourself, you might as
dialog: well look forward to the ride.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I’m not going. There’s really
dialog: something wrong with you.
text: She half-runs to the house. GARRETT chuckles.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL PARK - SMITH COUNTY, KANSAS - CLOSE ON SIGN 77
text: Ite fills the screen and tells us that we are at the exact
dialog: epicenter of the United States--the middle of it all. We
text: ARM UP and BACK from the plaque embedded in the ground
text: ané see the three HORTONS posing for a picture being
text: saken by a young Japanese. TOMMY is biting his fingers
text: te the quick. EMMA and FLAP have their arms around each
text: other. They look young and frightened anc lost.
dialog: On this image, we:
dialog: GO TO BLACK.
scene_heading: EXT. HORTON HOUSE - DES MOINES - SIX A.M. 78
text: We are looking through bug splattered glass--the wind-
text: shield of the HORTON'S car, the bug bodies so prominent
text: that they lend irony to EMMA'S first comment on her new
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: It locks pretty.
scene_heading: INT. HORTON ROUSE - DAY 79
text: The house is simple, close set on either side by very
text: gimilar homes. FLAP begins toting the many boxes inside
text: while EMMA struggles to manage TOoMMY'S absolutely dead
text: weight out of the rear seat of their two-door car. Finally.
text: she gets him on her shoulder and moves on wobbly legs
text: towards the front door of her new home while her husband
text: carries in two stacks of books. There is in her a growing
text: excitement. This far away from her mother, there comes
text: a vague feeling of extra power, a kind of maturity.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 79 CONTINUED: 79
text: EMMA'S happy. As they get into spoon-style sleeping
text: position. Even though the shade is down, the sun is
text: rising and the room is fairly well illuminated.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: God, I'm exhausted.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: You ever made love in Iowa?
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: (turning to him; she's tickled)
dialog: Even after all that driving.
dialog: (a few kisses then)
dialog: It's great that Tommy's room is all
dialog: the way in the back, and we can get
dialog: ‘ noisy when we want to.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: You get to do that little high
dialog: pitched squeak of yours.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (swatting him)
dialog: Fonestly...how about you?
text: (imitating him, she shouts)
dialog: Oh my God--here I go again. Yes!
dialog: Yes! Yes!
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: (sexy, soft)
dialog: Oh, God, here I go again. Yes--yes--yes.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (surprised, shy)
dialog: You know your voice just made me wet.
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: How come you know how to make your
dialog: voice like that all of a sudden?
dialog: {sudden flash)
dialog: You know we can't hear Tommy either.
dialog: I'll check him.
text: She gets out of bed. He scowls at her. Before he can
dialog: say a critical word...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: - I'll just be a second. Don’t get
dialog: pissy.
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: ON EMMA 80
text: As she moves through the house made maze-like by cartons
text: and boxes. She stops at TOMMY'S door, then deliberately
text: catches herself and stops herself from entering. As
text: she walks back to her own room.
scene_heading: r DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: SAME HOUSE - SIX MONTHS LATER 81
text: Some furniture has been purchased, the place homey.
text: Notably different from Houston as FLAP has moved
dialog: from poor student to poorer teacher, his furnishings
text: have kept pace. We are looking at TOMMY who is taking
text: on the sophistication of an aging toddler. We HEAR
text: FLAP and EMMA'S conversation from their bedroom, as
text: does TOMMY, who is not especially interested. They
text: are talking in loud whispers.
speaker_heading: FLAP'S VOICE
dialog: I have eight or nine papers left
dialog: to grade--this isn't love; it's
dialog: selfishness.
speaker_heading: EMMA'S VOICE
dialog: It's been almost a week since we've
dialog: been together. We've never gone @
dialog: whole week.
scene_heading: INT. HORTON'S BEDROOM 82
text: EMMA in bed pulling her dressed husband's arm. Even
dialog: though they each have conflicting priorities at this
dialog: moment, this is more fun than argument. The reason
text: they are whispering is apparent in the back¢round
text: where we see EMMA'S old crib holding her baby, TEDDY.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Sure, we've gone a week.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (releasing him)
dialog: Only during the real pregnant months.
dialog: Forget it. Just do me a favor. Don't
dialog: make me feel silly and I won't make
dialog: you feel guilty.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Fair enough. I have to hurry.
scene_heading: INT. HORTON'S OUTER ROOM 83
text: As FLAP gives his son a kiss on the way out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83
dialog: uw
dialog: e
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 83
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Be a good boy.
text: TOMMY watches his father leave, then watches his mother
text: enter from the bedroom. She is blowing her nose, having
text: just cried a bit. TOMMY is about to speak then HEARS the
text: noise of his father returning. FLAP takes EMMA by the hand.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Let's hurry.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (gleeful)
dialog: I absolutely love that you came
dialog: back. I absolutely love it, you
dialog: have no idea. I feel like you've
dialog: saved our lives.
dialog: (to Tommy)
dialog: We'll have breakfast in a minute,
dialog: honey.
text: The bedroom door closes behind them. TOMMY walks to
text: the door and outside.
scene_heading: EXT. HORTON'S HOUSE - DAY 84
text: As TOMMY sits on the steps we HEAR the faint sound of
text: a woman's squeak.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: SAME SCENE - FIVE YEARS LATER 85
text: ToMMy is now ten. TEDDY is five and wearing at least
dialog: part of the outfit we saw on TOMMY in the previous
text: scene. They are sitting in front of the house and
text: HEARING the off-stage argument their parents are having.
speaker_heading: FLAP'S VOICE
dialog: I don't know why you don't get a job
dialog: if you're so worried about money.
speaker_heading: EMMA'S VOICE
dialog: What am I going to do with the boys?
speaker_heading: FLAP'S VOICE
dialog: It's supposed to be a great day when
dialog: you get tenure. -
speaker_heading: EMMA'S VOICE
dialog: We don't have enough money to pay
dialog: the bills now. All tenure means is
dialog: we won't have enough money forever.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85
dialog: 87
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 85
text: TOMMY begins to walk off.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Mommy said to wait right here.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You stay if you want.
text: TEDDY is tern, reluctant to G@isobey his mother but
text: unable to resist scurrying after his brother.
text: As they move down the block.
speaker_heading: FLAP'S VOICE
dialog: Then I don’t see why you can’t
dialog: ask your mother for money.
text: The beys are both upset, TEDDY seeking camaraderie,
text: TOMMY withdrawn.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Tommy?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I don't want to talk.
speaker_heading: . TEDDY
dialog: What do you want to do?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (flaring out)
dialog: How about punching each other in
dialog: the stomach and seeing who can hit
dialog: harder? You want to do that?
text: TEDDY looks at him, disappcinted. There is a half-
text: second attempt to stare him down, then:
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Maybe later.
text: EMMA comes out of the house in the distance, distraucht, 87
text: looks up and down, spots her kids and comes marching
text: towards them. TEDDY sees her and runs towards her,
text: hugging her hard. She hugs him back. She is 30 years
text: old and obviously distraught. She comforts TEDDY and
text: eyes TOMMY who has refused to budge.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'm sorzsy we had a fight but it's
dialog: over now.
text: TOMMY nods.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUEL)
dialog: 87
dialog: o
dialog: a
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 87
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I told you to wait out front though.
dialog: Why'd you go down here? Answer me,
dialog: Tommy.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (challenging)
dialog: I didn't want people to think we
dialog: lived there.
text: EMMA is made more angry than guilty by the remark.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Okay. We'll let you say one really
dialog: mean thing to your mother each year.
dialog: So that'll do till you're eleven.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You're driving Daddy away.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Don't make me hit you on the street.
text: They walk to the car.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMARKET - DAY 88
text: EMMA pushing a full basket, her sons in tow. She
text: pauses at the frozen food bin.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (to Teddy)
dialog: You have never eaten Texas style
dialog: gumbo.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: No, can we?
text: He nudges TOMMY to join in the lobbying but TOMMY,
dialog: though dying for anything with the word "Texas"
text: attached, remains aloot.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Why not? It's a good time for a treat.
text: She takes some frozen shrimp, reacts to the high price,
text: and drops it in her basket.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Yay!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: S4.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 88
text: TOMMY gestures he should take it a bit more calmly.
text: His brother's exuberance embarrasses him.
scene_heading: OTHER ANGLE - CHECKOUT STAND 89
text: As the checker rings up the sale, a few people
text: waiting in line behind the HORTONS. The checkout
text: girl rings up the total.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Forty-four dollars.
text: EMMA digs at her purse, stalls for a time while
dialog: @igging for additional money.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (mortified)
dialog: You don't have enough money?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (to girl)
dialog: I have thirty-eight dollars and
dialog: forty cents. I guess I'll have
dialog: to leave some things here.
text: The girl rolls her eyes. =MMA surveys what she's
text: bought. As she does, the girl addresses her colleague
text: at the next counter.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: {loudly}
dialog: Could I have the recister key?
dialog: She deesn't have enough money.
text: TOMMY stands a few steps off. TEDDY clings to her.
text: He suspects he's supposed to be mortified.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (to sons)
dialog: There's nothing wrong with this.
dialog: I just took the wrong purse.
text: She hands back the TV Guide. The girl deducts 25 cents.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Forty-three dollars and
dialog: seventy-five cents.
text: EMMA feels at her hair, gives back the conditioner.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Forty-one dollars and thirty-five
dialog: cents.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 89
text: EMMA examines the remainder. She needs the meat and
text: produce. She gives back a package of miniature candy
dialog: bars.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: - You promised I could get something.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: r'm not giving back real food.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Give her this.
text: He indicates a box of Mydol.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No way.
text: EMMA hands back the candy bars. She has just taken
text: candy from her baby.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Forty dollars and thirty-five cents.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (squawking)
dialog: Mommy !
text: EMMA quickly takes a single bar from the rack and hands
text: one to TOMMY.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Forty dollars and forty-five cents.
text: She looks at TEDDY who does not complain. EMMA takes
text: another candy bar from the rack and gives it to TEDDY.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Forty dollars and fifty cents. We're
text: going in the wrong direction.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (to girl)
dialog: Will you please stop being so goc-
dialog: damned nasty? That's not going to
dialog: make this any easier. We're both
dialog: people, you know.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (somewhat muted)
dialog: Forty dollars and fifty cents.
text: TEDDY offers his mother his candy bar.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 89
text: EMMA looks up. She has just been deeply touched by
dialog: her son's action. There's something wrong with you
dialog: if you don't want to hug her just now.
speaker_heading: : MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Mrs. Horton.
text: SAM BURNS, a man in his early 50's, stands there, 90
text: a bottle of ginger ale sticking out of the paper
text: bag he carried under his arm, with a great desire
dialog: to rescue EMMA from embarrassment. It's not the
dialog: sort of thing he does well.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: I'm Sam Burns from the bank.
dialog: (jogging her memory)
dialog: I turned you down on the second
dialog: on your house?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Qf course. I knew who you were.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: Could I help make up the difference
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Sure. I'll get it back to you
dialog: tomorrow. Thanks.
text: He starts to hand the girl some money. There is the
text: merest of hints that he may have had a few drinks.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: (to girl)
dialog: You're a very rude young woman. I
dialog: know Douglas from the Rotary and I
dialog: can't believe he'd want you treating
text: customers badly.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: I don't think I was treating her
dialog: badly.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: Then you must be from New York.
text: She hanés him his change.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: Thank you, miss.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 90
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (mumbling, broken)
dialog: .-- welcome.
text: He hefts her bundles and they exit.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPERMARKET - DAY 91
text: As the four of them walk towards the car.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: It was starting to feel like the
dialog: worst time I ever had. I wouldn't
dialog: have thought it was possible to get
dialog: cheered up so fast. I'm grateful.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: No problem.
text: They smile, eyes meet. They shy from the contact,
text: then resume it. Two people who never flirt are
text: Giscovering what they've been missing.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Mommy. Mommy!
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Just give us a second. Wait over
dialog: by the car, honey.
dialog: (Tommy starts to speak)
dialog: Wait over by the car, honey.
dialog: (He starts to speak acain)
dialog: (Emma loudly)
dialog: Wait over by the car, honey.
text: (He opens his mouth; Emma ups
dialog: her volume)
dialog: Wait over by the car, honey!!!
text: (Before he can speak, Emma
text: goes full out to assert her will)
text: Over by the car. Over by the car.
dialog: Now! Now! Now!
text: Throughout this confrontation TEDDY has been trying 92
text: to cet TOMMY moving and now he finally does. SAM
text: smiling after them.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Nice boys. You're great with them
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 92
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I think all three of us are going
dialog: through a stage...
dialog: (a beat then)
dialog: : Hey. Thanks again.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No thanks required. I've had a
dialog: lovely time.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Me too.
dialog: They seem to have just had a retroactive date. There
text: is enormous reluctance to draw apart before confirming
dialog: the contact.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'll get the money back to you.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Don't bother yoursel£. You could
dialog: just drop it in the mail.
dialog: =MMA
dialog: To the bank?
speaker_heading: : SAM
dialog: Sure. You could even use a check-by-
dialog: mail envelope...
dialog: (a daring moment)
dialog: «..0r you could come in. Whichever.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Maybe I'll just come in sometime.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That would be fine.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA'S BEDROOM - MORNING , 93
text: AURORA enters bearing a tray--coffee, fresh rolls anc
text: small chocolate cakes. She sets the tray down near
text: her window seat, plumps a pillow, gets in position ané
text: picks up the phone.
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S HOUSE - DAY 94
text: Tt is quite early. She is looking out her front window.
text: The alarm clock goes off in the bedroom. Almost
text: simultaneously, the phone starts to ring.
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 37
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: INT. BOYS' ROOM ~ DAY 95
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Tommy, Teddy, move it. I have
dialog: no time to fool with you.
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S ROOM - DAY 96
text: Only one side of the bed looks slept in. She picks up
text: the phone so that it stops ringing and then before
text: saying anything puts it down, turns off the alarm
text: clock, then returns to the phone.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (anxiously)
dialog: Hello...Oh, hi, Mother. Could we
dialog: talk later? I've got the boys to
dialog: get off. It's not a good time for
dialog: me to be on the phone.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA'S BEDROOM - DAY 97
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Don't be so inconsiderate.
text: There is a splash. She looks and can -see to next door
text: where GARRETT is doing energetic laps. She closes
text: the window to shut out the sound.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I've gotten myself all set for a
dialog: good talk with you. You have
dialog: almost an hour to get the boys
dialog: eff. What's wrong?
speaker_heading: EMMA,
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Will you stop this and just tell me?!
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (sudééenly)
dialog: Okay, Mother. I'd like you to loan
dialog: me some money. JI really and truly
dialog: need it. Will you?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: - EMMA
dialog: Don't you be quiet. You know how
dialog: hard that was for me to ask. Say no
dialog: if you want; just don't be quiet.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: €c.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (tenderly compassionate)
dialog: I'm sorry, Sweetheart. I was just
dialog: thinking.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (softening)
dialog: Thinking what?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: How much I hate to part with money.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I wouldn't ask if...well, don't yell,
dialog: but I really think I may be pregnant
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: ' Oh, no. And I suppose you're going to
dialog: go ahead and have it.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Yes, of course. What's happening
dialog: to you, anyway?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Don't act like it's so terrible.
dialog: t keep hearine about bright young
dialog: women who are having simple abortions
dialog: and getting wonderful jobs. You can
dialog: go right next door to Colorado and
dialog: get one.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I don't know why I tell you anything.
dialog: I seem to like you less and less.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: That's because I'm the only one who
dialog: tells you the truth. How is your
dialog: life going to get better if you
dialog: keep having children with that man?
dialog: How? What miracle is gcing to take
dialog: place to rescue you?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Leave me alone.
dialog: (then mad)
dialog: I need money. Why not just give me my
dialog: painting to sell? You always promised
dialog: me the Klee.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97
dialog: 97
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 61.
dialog: (2) 97
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: That's your security. I'm not going
dialog: to let you use it for rent.
text: We hear the sound of the front door close.
dialog: She hangs
dialog: She walks
text: sniffs at
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (beaten)
dialog: Mom, let's not do this. I'll speak
dialog: to you later.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: If the money really...
speaker_heading: ‘EMMA
dialog: No. Don't give me the money.
dialog: It would make you crazy.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (realistically)
dialog: Yes, it would.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Call me tonight if you want...
dialog: Goodbye...
text: up as FLAP enters--unshaven. 98
text: to him, studies him. He is scared. She
dialog: his fear.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: * EMMA
dialog: Where've you been all night?
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: I'm sorry, Ems. I fell asleep on
text: that big sofa at the library again.
dialog: I don't know what's wrong with me.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Okay.
text: FLAP walks to her, pats her belly, trying to avoid her gaze.
speaker_heading: EMMA .
dialog: (low)
dialog: I'm on to you.
dialog: .
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: I'm not doing anything.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: $8 CONTINUED:
dialog: They look
dialog: He starts
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You are too.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: I hate seeing you this unhappy.
dialog: You don't know how much I...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Don't change the subject.
speaker_heading: PLAP
dialog: What's the subject?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (ominous)
dialog: That I'm on to you.
text: at each other.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You wouldn’t try to look so
dialog: innocent unless you were guilty.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: You alwavs get paranoid during
dialog: your first months.
text: to walk away. She blocks his path.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (quietly to him)
dialog: If you are doing something and you're
dialog: trying to make me feel like I'm crazy
dialog: because I am bearing our child, then
dialog: you may have just sunk to a point so
dialog: low you may never recover. You may
text: have just panicked, Flap, and trying
dialog: to save yourself, you have thrown out
dialog: your character and principles. The
dialog: only way you can possibly redeem
dialog: yourself and be the man God intended
dialog: you to be is to take the responsibility
dialog: and admit anything that you may have
dialog: been doing tonight. If you don't do
dialog: that nowe-right now--you are a lost
dialog: man. a shell, a bag of shit dust.
text: FLAP is uncertain. EMMA'S gaze is unwavering, then
dialog: the phone
text: RINGS. FLAP grabs it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: : 98
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: (happily)
dialog: Oh, hi--Aurora. How are you? Yes,
dialog: she's right here. It was nice
dialog: ? hearing your voice again.
text: He hands her the phone and exits. EMMA looks after him.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. AURORA'S DINING ROOM ~ NIGHT 99
text: Gathered around the table, a birthday cake in the center,
text: are AURORA, VERNON, the BANKER who wanted to take AURORA
text: to Tahiti on Page 6, and a new face, the newly widowed
text: DR. DOUGLAS RATCHER, a family physician--he delivered
text: TOMMY. The BANKER is finishing, reading a poem he
dialog: wrote especially for the evening while AURORA busies
text: herself licking the icing from some of the burnt out
dialog: candles. :
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: And so another birthday for a gal
dialog: named Aurora Greenway.
dialog: Even though 50, she stiil takes my
dialog: breath away. :
text: Mere mortals just gaze as she lights
dialog: up their sky.
text: A heavenly object--a siren's cry.
text: The poem has come from his heart. He looks at her.
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: You're the best...Happy Bizthday.
scene_heading: DR. RATCHER
dialog: You're not lying about your age,
dialog: are you?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Of course not!
scene_heading: DR. RATCEHER
dialog: I thought you were 52. Come on,
dialog: Aurora, how do you expect to fool
dialog: the family doctor?
text: She stares at him.
scene_heading: DR. RATCHER
dialog: (xindly voice of reason)
dialog: I'm just saying it's better for you
dialog: emotionally to tell everyone your ace.
dialog: We'll all still like you just as muck.
dialog: 100
dialog: Lol
dialog: 64.
text: She looks at him, staggered that he's pursuing it. 100
text: ROSIE has entered with more coffee. She is enjoying
text: AURORA'S predicament.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: It seems to me she said her age.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Thank you so much, Vernon. Now...
scene_heading: DR. RATCHER
dialog: My point is the number doesn't
dialog: matter, but the effort to conceal
dialog: it does.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (to Rosie)
text: He's still talking about it.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Dr. Ratcher...
scene_heading: DR. RATCHER
dialog: Damn it--I'm trying to do some
dialog: good here. The way to adjust to
dialog: old age is...
text: AURORA is on her feet. She flees towards the kitchen.
text: RATCHER coes after her. ROSIE grabs RATCHER in a
text: bear hu¢ from behind.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Doctor, you're a might confusec
dialog: now because of being recently
dialog: widowed. So let me go after her.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT 102
text: As ROSIE enters.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (agitated)
dialog: He wants me to accept old ace--
dialog: that man's a lunatic.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: I thought it was good he only
dialog: caught you on two years.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: . (considering)
dialog: Yes, there was that. Sut Rosie, I'm
dialog: starting to go. That's why I have
dialog: such a miserable lot of suitors.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101
dialog: ray
dialog: o
speaker_heading: tu
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Vernon's nice.
dialog: on
speaker_heading: AURORA
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: (babying her)
dialog: 65.
dialog: He never even thinks about touching me.
dialog: Come on, you don't want to be touched
dialog: that much anyways.
dialog: Don't pretend you're not worried
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (enjoying spooking Rosie)
dialog: about some of the same things--veins
text: and sunken eyes and shuffling along
dialog: on tiny footsteps. Admit it. It's
dialog: my birthday. Let's be close.
dialog: Okay,
dialog: woman you are.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: let's. It's a sin before God
dialog: that you don't know how lucky a
dialog: And if you don't start
dialog: showing some gratitude soon, you're
dialog: going
dialog: straight to hell.
text: - She takes a pitcher of coffee and exits to the living
text: room. AURORA sits for another beat,
text: ané exits through the kitchen door leading outside.
scene_heading: EXT. AURORA'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: In her stocking
text: feet she walks her lawn.
dialog: In the back-
text: ground we can see her guests gathered at the window
text: staring at her.
speaker_heading: AURORA'S POV
text: The three male faces in the window--VERNON, the IDIOT
text: DOCTOR, the PATHETIC BANKER--slim pickings.
speaker_heading: ON AURORA
text: As she looks across at the astronaut's house, through
text: the side window, we get a glimpse of his moving from
text: view, apparently cooking.
dialog: Now with sudden and
text: extraordinary purpose, she runs across the lawn to
text: his door where she rings the bell. Waits,
dialog: nervously backs
dialog: Yeah?
text: up several steps.
speaker_heading: GARRETT'S VOICE
dialog: Be right there.
dialog: then
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101
text: takes off her shoes
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: 104 CONTINUED: 104
text: She backs up some more so that she stands her ground
text: strangely in the shadows a good ten feet away when
text: GARRETT opens the door. He's in his 50's now. His
text: face and body show it. His blessing is that he's
text: hlissfully unaware of that fact. He is wearing one of
text: those short velour bathrobes with nothing on underneath.
scene_heading: 105 ON GARRETT 105
text: At first he doesn't see her, then does.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I was curious whether you still
dialog: wanted to take me to lunch.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: I doen't remember when we were
dialog: supposed to...
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (argumentative)
dialog: A few years back you asked me to...
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: (incredulcus)
dialog: A few years...
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (overriding)
dialog: ...lunch and I wanted to know if
dialog: the invitation still exists.
text: GARRETT pauses. She stares dacgers from the dark. He
text: then takes the easiest out.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Tomorrow?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: All right.
text: She walks back to her house, GARRETT locking after her.
scene_heading: 106 EXT. RIVER OAKS CORNER - EARLY MORNING 106
dialog: You'd have to be a native to spot the bus stop--hardly
text: a marker--just countrified roads where the buses know
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: 106 CONTINUED: 106 ~
text: to wait. Now a crowded bus stops. Nine black women
text: get off, then ROSIE. As she walks past one house, a
text: black maid is in front picking up the morning paper.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Hi, Etta.
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: My youngest got knifed right in
dialog: his leg at school yesterday.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Royce found himself a new slut and
dialog: he's saying this time he might not
dialog: be back. :
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: You know something? I'm gettin’
dialog: to hate days like this.
text: ROSIE nods in agreement.
scene_heading: 106A INT. AURORA'S HOUSE LO6A
text: As ROSIE enters. She hears some noise from the kitchen.
text: AURORA is in a slip talking on the phone to EMMA. The
text: breakfast table is covered with make-up items anc a
text: mirror has been set up. She is almost wildly energetic,
text: perhaps even happy.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Emma, don't be an idiot. Of course
dialog: he's seeing someone else. Catch him,
dialog: confront him and leave him. Well, —
dialog: are you happy the way things are?
dialog: (to Rosie)
dialog: Good morning.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Rosie just came in. I'm going to
dialog: have to move.
dialog: (to Rosie)
dialog: I can't be late for the beauty
dialog: parior when they finally agreed
text: to open early.
text: She hands the phone to ROSIE and charges out.
speaker_heading: . . ROSIE
dialog: (inte phone)
dialog: ai, honey, how's the baby doing?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 6§.
speaker_heading: 106A CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Oh, no kidding. Well, when we going
dialog: to see you all?
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: Really? Well, I'll keep my fingers
dialog: crossed. Oh, big deal. So she's
text: having lunch with the astronaut.
dialog: I've got better things to worry
dialog: about. It will serve her right
dialog: if she loses Vernon.
scene_heading: 107 INT. AURORA'S LIVING ROOM - DAY - HOUSTON
text: GARRETT waiting at the bottom of the staircase. She
text: comes down. She is clearly giving this her best shot,
text: dressed just so, her hair a tribute to its dresser,
text: delicately and perfectly done.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Hello, Garrett. Let's get going.
dialog: I'm starving...
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: ...and there are no hidden meanings
dialog: in that.
scene_heading: ice INT. EMMA'S OLD STATION WAGON - DAY - DES MOINES
text: As it moves into a parking place at a shopping center
text: in Des Moines. She gives herself a quick onceover
text: in the cracked rear view mirror. This is interrupted
text: by the horn beep from the next car. An incredibly
text: brief beep, like a man coughing ever so slightly to
text: let someone know he's there. EMMA looks over.
speaker_heading: 109 EMMA'S POV
speaker_heading: LO6A
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
text: SAM BURNS getting out of his car trying net to show the
dialog: strain of being more nervous than he's been in...ever.
text: His grin is too wide. He is shrugging with his face,
text: a sort of helpless gesture of raising his eyebrows
text: and ears. He's a Lucky man for he is approaching one
dialog: of the few women around who would find his machinations
text: endearing.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: We both got here the same time.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: How are you? Nice to see you.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: It's always so nice to see you.
dialog: I can hardly believe it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 109
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (touched)
dialog: You too.
text: In an attempt to seal this romantic juncture, SAM BURNS
text: Yooks away and pats her on the back. They move towards
dialog: the restaurant.
scene_heading: EXT. GARRETT'S DRIVEWAY - DAY : 110
text: As GARRETT opens the door of his yellow Corvette and
text: AURORA slides in, with some difficulty. The top is
text: down. Now GARRETT gets in, puts on his seat belt,
text: glances at her as she pats at hersel?.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: -~If you mind the open air, I can...
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: No, don't worry. Grown women are
dialog: prepared for life's little emergencies.
text: She removes a scarf matching her outfit. As she ties it
text: in place, they pull out.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSTON HIGHWAY - DAY lil
text: An eight track playing loudly to override the force
text: of wind in the open car. GARRETT is relaxec. He
text: shouts over the wind to her.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Us going out together. Not bad.
text: AURORA is trying to be inconspicuous as she holds onto
text: her scart. She turns to give him a tight returning smile.
text: The scarf flies off and her carefully created mane whips
text: wildly in the air.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Would it be too much trouble to put
dialog: the top up?
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: The top's home in my garage.
text: She takes this in. The CAMERA shows the huge, expansive
text: sweep of road yet still ahead of them.
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: 112 INT. RESTAURANT LADIES ROCM - DAY 1i2.
text: AURORA using every muscle in her arm to brush the knots
text: out of her hair while overhearing two apparently young
text: women converse with each other from behind two adjoining
dialog: closed toilet stalls. ”
dialog: : \
scene_heading: F WOMAN NUMBER ONE oo
dialog: . I know two girls who use it. They ~
dialog: say it's 96 percent safe, better
text: than a diaphragm but not as good
dialog: as the pill. It should work; it
dialog: was invented in Germany.
speaker_heading: WOMAN NUMBER TWO
dialog: But what do you do with it?
speaker_heading: WOMAN NUMBER ONE
dialog: You push it in and it sort of melts.
dialog: It gets real hot, but...
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: Just quiet, please, until I leave.
text: The girls are shocked into silence, AURORA exits.
speaker_heading: WOMAN NUMBER ONE
dialog: Well, who was talking to her, anyway?
scene_heading: 113 INT. RESTAURANT - DAY 113
text: As she slips inte her chair across from GARRETT. He
text: grins at her politely.
text: Four younger women are seated at a nearby table.
text: GARRETT glances over.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (explaining)
dialog: That's very rude--to look at other
dialog: women when you're with me.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: I think we're going to have to get
dialog: d@runk.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I don't get drunk and I don't care
dialog: for escorts who do.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: You suggested this, so trust me cn
dialog: this one thing. You just got to have
dialog: some drinks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: 113 CONTINUED: 113 -
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (mulling)
dialog: To break the ice?
speaker_heading: r GARRETT
dialog: . fo kill that bug you have up your ass.
text: She starts to take offense but he is grinning at her,
text: perhaps giving her some test.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (to passing waiter)
dialog: I'll have some bourbon, preferably
dialog: Wild Turkey.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: (enormously pleased)
dialog: Aurora, you're not fun by any
dialog: chance, are you?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I don't think you should worry about
dialog: that yet. Impatient boys sometimes
dialog: miss dessert.
scene_heading: 114 INT. COFFEE SHOPPE ~ DES MOINES OUTSKIRTS - DAY 114
dialog: The lights are brighter than the restaurant we just
dialog: left. This place is not designed for leisurely dining
text: or mid-day rendezvous. It is fast-order functional,
text: kids with ketchup on their faces, but there is a knotty
text: pine bar in the back which is where we find SAM BURNS
text: and EMMA. They are holding hands in the shy manner of
text: decent people preparing for mortal sin. SAM is being
text: overwhelmed by both his good fortune and inner guilt.
text: He is between a rock and a soft place.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: You know, the thing I didn't expect
dialog: was that there would be moments where
dialog: I forget to be scared someone will
dialog: see us together.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Don't be so scared. Contemplating
dialog: sin is all we've done.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: I'm glad that you've been contem-
dialog: Plating it too. I @idn't know that.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: 114 CONTINUED: ll4 -
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: After all these lunches...all this
text: hand holding.
speaker_heading: . SAM BURNS
dialog: . Emma, I’m not going back to the bank
dialog: this afternoon. I have to go out
dialog: and inspect a new home. It's pretty
text: far out and it's empty.
text: A silence.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I have to pick up the kids at five.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: Ohe-okay. I understand. Don't give
dialog: it a thought.
dialog: (then)
dialog: It's only about a 25 minute ride
dialog: each way. I could get you back
dialog: here at 4:30 for sure...I'm
dialog: really badgering you. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (touched/amusec)
dialog: You're not badgering.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: Emma, I haven't made love to a
text: woman for almost three vears.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: My wife has a dise problem in her
dialog: back and she can't take having...
text: any weight on her.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (puzzled then)
dialog: I hope you don't mind my asking
dialog: this. Well, have you ever thought
dialog: of her getting on top?
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: Oh, she wouldn't do that.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: She might surprise you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: - 73.
scene_heading: 114 CONTINUED: (2) 114 ©
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: I don't think so. That would be
dialog: so unlike her.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Did you ever ask her?
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: (ruefully)
dialog: Ask her? About six hundred times.
text: EMMA laughs out loud.
scene_heading: 115 EXT, IOWA HIGHWAY - DAY 115
text: As SAM BURNS' Fairlane moves along between rows of
text: corn fields. It is being routinely passed by other cars.
scene_heading: 116 EXT. HOUSE = DAY - LONG SHOT 116
text: As EMMA gets out of her side of the car and moves up
text: the walk, then waits. SAM finally getting out from
text: behind the steering wheel and walking towards her.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: This might be terrible to ask, are
dialog: you thinking about your husband at all?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I was a little.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We can go back right now.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No, stop it, Sam. I want to do
dialog: this. I'm glad I don't know for
dialog: sure whether or not Flap's Seen
dialog: with somebody else. I'd hate tc
dialog: worry whether I was just doing
dialog: this to get even.
scene_heading: 117 EXT. HOUSTON HIGHWAY - DAY 117
text: As GARRETT'S convertible at about 30 mph sways along the
text: waterside roadway connecting Galveston and Houston.
text: Large ships in the background. GARRETT is sitting atop
text: the driver's seat steering with his feet. AURORA,
text: reluctantly playing his accomplice, one of her feet
text: on the gas pedal, an awkward reach from her side of
text: the car. She must shout to make herself heard over
dialog: the wind.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: 117 CONTINUED: 117 |
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I'm not enjoying this.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: : Give it a chance.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I'm stopping.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: What?
text: She puts on the brake. He falls over the windshield,
text: flipping onto the hood of the car, then bouncing off
text: to the side onto the grassy shoulder of the road. He
text: lies there. AURORA runs toward him, a bit panicked.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: How are you?
text: He moves. There are some bruises. She is bending over him.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: It's not my fault, but I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: If you wanted to get me on my back,
dialog: vou just had to ask.
text: 118 He grabs her and pulls her down. Kissin¢e her, she 118
text: begins to come close to relaxing in the embrace, then
text: GARRETT sticks his hand inside her blouse and into
text: her bra. She pulls quickly away but his hand is stuck
text: there at an awkward angle.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: My hand! My hand!
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Get it out of there.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: I can't! 2 swear it's breaking.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: We were almost having a good time.
dialog: Why did you have to do this? -
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: I'm sorry. Please, God, anything.
dialog: Bend down.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: 118 CONTINGE=D: 118
text: She bends over and he extracts his hand. The wrist is
text: severely sprained.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: : Why did you have to get drunk?
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: I'm not drunk any more. The pain
dialog: sobereé me up. Let's go.
text: He starts back towards the car rubbing his wrist. He
text: keeps walking. AURORA, vulnerable, realizing if she
text: doesn't hurry, he'll actually leave her alone, hurries
text: te catch up. It is striking to see her, for the first
text: time, tagging after a man.
scene_heading: 11g INT. EMPTY HOUSE - IOWA - DAY 119
text: In the corner of an empty room between their two over-
text: coats lie SAM BURNS and EMMA. They are squeezing each
text: other making squeezing noises, a happy energized afterglow.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: Geé bless you, Emma.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: You look so nice and happy.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: God bless you, Emma. I just feel
dialog: so wonderful. I just feel so...
dialog: (sudden yelp)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Be laughs. Then again fervently.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: God bless you, Emma.
dialog: {back to earth)
dialog: Oh, I shouldn't-use the Lord's name.
dialog: I guess he made us all sinners thouch.
dialog: I'm so afraid we'll get caught. But
dialog: it's not right to say that, is it?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (anconvinciag)
dialog: No, it's okay.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: Because I am afraid someone will
dialog: catch us.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: 119 CONTINUED: 119 -
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: —_ Sam, we're out here where even I
dialog: don't know where. Who's going to
dialog: see us?
speaker_heading: : SAM BURNS
dialog: I éidn't mean today. I meant next
dialog: time. I was thinking Thursday.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Ch, I guess I ama fool, honey.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Give me a kiss.
text: They kiss. EMMA hugs him, her face pressed against his coat.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: It felt so good being with you.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: (wonderment)
dialog: “oo I wanteé to hear you say that
dialog: and was ashamed of myself for
dialog: wanting something like that--
dialog: then you say it. .
scene_heading: 120 EXT. EMPTY HOUSE - DAY 120
text: As EMMA and SAM exit the house and walk towards the
text: car, arm in arm.
scene_heading: ' 122 EXT. AURORA'S HOUSE - DAY 121
text: As GARRETT, still pissed, walks her tc her door.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Would you like to come in?
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: I'd rather stick needles in my eyes.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Everything would have been fine
dialog: if you hadn't gotten drunk. -
text: ~~ He locks at her contemptuously.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 121 -
speaker_heading: : AURORA
dialog: I didn't want you to think I was
dialog: like your other girls.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Not mach danger in that unless
dialog: you curtsy on my face real soon.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: What is it that makes you try so
dialog: hard to shock and insult me? I
dialog: really hate that way of talkinc
dialog: which you must know, so why do
dialog: you do it?
text: She has a point. He considers it.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: I tell you, I don't know what it
dialog: is about you, Aurora, but you
dialog: bring out the devil in me.
text: He smiles. She looks at him--she's flustered.
text: Be starts to go.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I suppose just because I'm not
dialog: Little Miss Round Heels, you're
dialog: not going to call.
text: He turns.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Little Miss Round Heels?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Well, what do you call a woman
text: who falls over and has sex after
dialog: a first date?
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Sweetheart.
text: She laughs despite herself. He is pleased at his joke.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Oh, look at you. You're so
dialog: proud of yourself.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: See you around.
dialog: 122
dialog: 122
dialog: 78,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) lal
text: He keeps walking across the lawn to his house. AURORA
text: walks towards her own, sneaking a few coy looks that
text: ave wasted for GARRETT never breaks stride, entering
text: his house and closing the door leaving AURORA awash
text: with uncertainty sighing with the impossible thrill
dialog: of it all.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S HOUSE - NIGHT 122
text: EMMA is warming formula in the kitchen. We can see the
text: boys through the doorway leading to the living room
text: when the telephone rings.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello. What? What?
dialog: (to Emma)
dialog: It's for you, Mommy.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Ask who it is.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Who is it?
dialog: {to Enna)
dialog: It's the bank.
text: EMMA takes the formula out.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Tommy, feed this to Melanie.
text: Ee enters.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Could I...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Let him.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Give this to Melanie.
dialog: (louder before he can squawk)
dialog: Tommy, give this to Melanie.
text: (still louder before he can squawk)
dialog: Tommy, give this to Melanie.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: 122 CONTINUED: 122
text: He takes the formula. EMMA walks through the living
text: room, picks up the phone and takes in into the bathroom.
scene_heading: INTERCUT BETWEEN:
scene_heading: 123 INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT 123
text: She sits on the side of the tub.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello? I can hardly hear you.
scene_heading: 124 INT. LAUNDRY ROOM - NIGHT 124
text: SAM BURNS stands with washer-dryer working.
speaker_heading: : SAM
dialog: I'm in the laundry room so nobody
dialog: could hear me.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: But I can't hear you either.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh...Wait a minute, we're setting
text: a quieter cycle.
text: The spin cycle stops and now he lowers his voice.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Can you hear me now? Good. Is
dialog: it bad to call?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No, I am definitely in the market
dialog: for sweet talk.
text: TEDDY starts knocking on the bathroom door.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Mom, I have to go. Really.
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: Just a second.
text: She opens the door. TEDDY enters and starts to pee
text: while looking over at his mother.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 80,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 124°
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (to Teddy)
dialog: Ssh. Ssh.
text: He looks confused as to how to make pissing quieter.
text: Then, seeing she means it, he aims for the side of the
text: bowl. From the muted sound, we know he has succeeded.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (into phone, continuing)
dialog: What were you saying?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Just how absolutely good I feel.
dialog: And even though I'm scared--and
dialog: we've committed adultry--no matter
dialog: what happens, I'm just so grateful
dialog: to God or the devil for letting me
dialog: feel this way again.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'm sure glad you told me.
text: TEDDY reaches to flush. EMMA gestures him away, 125
text: fearful the noise of the flush will break the mood.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: But you told me always to...
text: She moves him out.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Can I hold Melanie?
speaker_heading: . EMMA:
dialog: Yes.
text: EMMA picks up the phone asain.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Sam?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Is everything okay? Can you talk?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I've just been thinking how great
dialog: it would be if we could be with
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: gl.
speaker_heading: 125 CONTINUED: 125
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: each other sometimes--or just once
dialog: even--in a real room with a real
dialog: bed and...
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: {cutting in)
dialog: I have an emergency call from
dialog: Mrs. Aurora Greenway in Houston,
dialog: Texas for Mrs. Emma Horton.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh, no...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: It's okay, Sam, she always does
dialog: that when the line's busy.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Will you release?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yes, of course, operator. We
dialog: were just talkinc.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Speak to you later.
text: She hanes up and the phone rincs immediately.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Hi. How'd it go?
scene_heading: 126 INT. AURORA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 126
text: She is wearing a bathrobe and eating a chocolate eclair.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: The astronaut's impossible. An
dialog: arrogant, self-centered, and, yes,
dialog: somewhat entertaining man--who has
dialog: realized his ambition and is at
dialog: last forever a spoiled child.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Talk about your match made in heaven.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: You'd think so, wouldn't you? But
dialog: I really think he's just not going
dialog: to have any more to do with me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 126 -
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Aw, why?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: . I don't want to tell you.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Is it because you won't go to bed
dialog: with him?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: On a first date.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Well, it's hardly a first date, Mom...
text: He's been living 10 feet away for 20
dialog: years. I mean why don't you at least
dialog: talk about the real reason?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I don't know what you mean.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: That it's been about that long
dialog: since you've done it.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Shut up! I mean it!
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Oh, come on.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: No, come on.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: It's just us.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I'll hang up.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (giving in)
dialog: Okay.
text: There is an uncomfortable silence. EMMA, taking the 127
text: phone and re-entering the living room. TOMMY is on
text: the sofa reading. TEDDY is holding MELANIE HORTON.
dialog: She is an extraordinary beauty. Her looks commané
text: tribute. She is a living aesthetic.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You want to say hi to the kids?
speaker_heading: (CONTINTED)
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: o
dialog: ww
dialog: .
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 127
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Well, I'm not exactly in the mood
dialog: to play granny right now.
speaker_heading: . EMMA
dialog: . Okay. Sorry I upset you. So long.
text: She hangs up.
text: AURORA stands there in the middle of the room. She
text: walks to her window and opens it...
speaker_heading: HER POV 128
text: Over the fence she can see GARRETT doing laps in his pool.
speaker_heading: AURORA - 129
text: Taking a bit of her eclair and then throwing it into a
text: waste basket. She is experiencing the first gnawing
text: staces of an anxiety threatening to escape and ravage
text: her after decades of quiet. She crosses to a dresser
text: and searches for a particular nightgown, finds it.
text: She sits, nightgown on her lap, anc goes through the
text: phone book. She writes down a number which she finds,
text: all the while throush the open window we HEAR GARRETT
text: doing his laps. She takes off one earring and tosses
text: her head a bit to get the receiver just right before
text: Gialing. The phone rings until eventually we hear
text: the SOUND of laps stop. We hear the muffled voice of
text: GARRETT at the other end saying, "Hello".
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (her voice not behaving)
dialog: Hello, Garrett. I was just sitting
dialog: here realizing that I'd never shown
dialog: you my Renoir. Would you care to
dialog: come over and see my Renoiz? Oh,
dialog: stop it. You know Renoir's a painter.
dialog: Sometimes it's really stupid to pretend
dialog: you're stupid. JI am saying what I mean.
dialog: I'm inviting you to lock at my Renoir.
dialog: Yes, it happens to be in my bedroom.
dialog: Don't cackle. Do you want to see it?
dialog: Whenever you like. You could come
dialog: right now or be a fool. See you in
dialog: a bit then.
dialog: (suddenly uncertain)
dialog: - If I don't answer the bell, the back
text: door's open.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: 123 CONTINUED: 129 -
text: She hangs up, holds herself briefly. The excitement so
text: great that it's unwelcome. She stands and crosses to
text: the bathroom, more frightened than she expected.
text: We remain in the bedroom area where we HEAR the rustle
text: of satin and then the doorbell ring.
speaker_heading: AURORA'S VOICE
dialog: Oh, my--he ran it?
text: She rushes from the bathroom dressed in her nightgown
text: and carrying a largish mirror which she sets up near the
text: door GARRETT will soon enter. Now she turns off the
text: light, moves quickly back to the doorway of the bathroom
text: and poses, backlit, in the doorway trying to make out her
text: image. The nightgown is simple and sexy. Then we HEAR
text: GARRETT on the stairs. She rushes across the room,
text: takes the mirror back inside the bathroom. There is
text: a knock on the bedroom door. AURORA enters wearing a
text: bathrobe over her nightgown.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Garrett?
speaker_heading: GARRETT'S VOICE
dialog: Sure.
text: She opens the door. He is wearing wet swimming trunks.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: (apelogetically)
dialog: I was doing laps when you called.
dialog: Lucky for you I'd only done eight.
text: He grins at her. She turns her back on him and looks
text: up at the painting as he approaches from behind. He
text: puts his hands on her shoulders.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: I like the painting. I like
dialog: everything in here.
dialog: (into her ear)
dialog: Relax, baby, it's going to be great.
text: She wheels on him, sputtering in indignation, feeling
text: genuinely and deeply reduced and insulted.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Just who do you think you're talking
dialog: to like this? Don't you realize
dialog: I'm a grandmother!
text: Ané with that she takes his face and gives him a stunning,
text: open-moutheé, expert kiss. They break. He is staggered.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: 129 CONTINUED: (2) 129°
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: It's not flattering if you look
dialog: too surprised. Just give me a
dialog: minute.
text: Her self-image buoyed by her own actions, she moves
text: towards the bathroom pausing to scoop up & perfume
text: atomizer from her dresser.
text: GARRETT waits, a hand reaches around to turn off the
text: light and then we see AURORA as she posed earlier,
text: backlit and intriguing.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: I like the lights on.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Then go home and turn them on.
text: He accepts her conditions and stands waiting in the
text: shadows. She moves towards the bed. In the darkness
text: we can see him stepping out of his elasticized swim
text: trunks, hopping a bit as he fails to release the
text: second leg smocthly while AURORA turns back the covers
text: and slips inside. He joins her under the covers.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: This is the softest mattress I've
dialog: ever been on!
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Well, coming from you...
dialog: (then a whispered secret)
dialog: I always like to splurge on bedding.
text: we hear a rustle and see him start to move with enormous
dialog: enercy.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: No.
dialog: {a small kiss)
dialog: Let's lie still for a while.
dialog: All right?
scene_heading: 130 INT. EMMA'S BEDROOM - NICHT 130
text: EMMA and FLAP asleep, her arm over his chest. TOMMY
text: and TEDDY enter. TEDDY begins to move towards his
text: mother's side of the bed to wake her. TOMMY restrains
text: him and leads the way to FLAP. In the b.g. now that
text: the door is open, we hear a fierce, barking cough.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 130
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Dad? Dad?
text: He awakens terrified, making noises of fear for a
text: gecond so that the boys, alarmed, back off. EMMA
text: remains asleep.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: (soft)
dialog: Melanie's sick--hear her?
text: FLAP listens for a second, then jostles EMMA vigorously.
speaker_heading: FLAP
text: The baby's sick.
text: EMMA is sleepily but nonetheless quickly on the move.
text: In the instant before she's awake she has already
text: covered a good deal of floor space and mumbled some
text: comforting words. Now, awake, she turns the lights on
text: at the door, turns to FLAP, sitting in bed.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You coming?
text: FLAP gets out of bed.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT 131
text: Which has been turned into a nursery. As EMMA turns the
text: lights on and hears MELANIE'S seal-like couch and notes
text: the baby's limbs are geing.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I need a thermometer.
text: FLAP, standing in the doorway, starts to think about
text: where the thermometer might be. TEDDY dashes to a
text: drawer, tearing at things inside.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (to Teddy)
dialog: Den't get frantic.
text: He brings the thermometer. TOMMY, an old hané, gives
text: her a nearby bottle of Vaseline. .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 131 ~~
text: FLAP walks to her, his manner suggesting that it is
text: she who is in danger of becoming unglued. He takes
text: the baby; EMMA sticks the thermometer in. She stands
text: there holding it. TEDDY is patting the baby consolingly.
text: TOMMY is loitering in the doorway.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Teddy, she doesn't even feel that
dialog: hot. You go ahead to bec.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: I won't be able to sleep, so why
dialog: can't...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Please. I'll come in scon...
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Come on, boys, it's bad enough we’re
dialog: making this a drama. It's not going
dialog: to qualify as high drama.
text: The boys exit.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I’m sure it's the croup.
dialog: (on Flap's expression)
dialog: Remember Tommy had it twice...
dialog: (on Flap's expression)
dialog: ...a throat infection and we had
dialog: to steam him...
dialog: (on Flap's expression)
dialog: .~..Maybe you were at the library.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM = NIGHT ; 132
text: EMMA sitting on the toilet seat, MELANIE in her lap,
text: gorgeous even in sickness. FLAP turns on the hot
text: water full blast as the steam begins to gather.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: How long do we keep her here?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What are you going to do--
dialog: go back to sleep?
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: I just asked how long.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 132
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Until her throat clears or I lose
dialog: four pounds, whichever comes first.
dialog: About twenty minutes. I don't
dialog: . know. We'll see how she sounds...
text: FLAP leans against the sink...
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: I've been offered a job.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Why didn't you say something?
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: I wanted to think about it. It's
dialog: head of the English department at
dialog: Kearney State College at about the
dialog: Same money.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Where is that?
speaker_heading: PLAP
dialog: Nebraska.
speaker_heading: . EMMA
dialog: I want to stay here.
dialog: FLA?
dialog: You don't like it here. Why do you
dialog: want to stay all of a sudden?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: The kids, school, the housing thing,
dialog: the baby, the cars, pediatricians,
dialog: the kids...I just want to stay here.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: It's head of the department.
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S KITCHEN - MORNING 133
text: The boys going off to school. EMMA, not having slept
dialog: all night,
text: kettles boiling on the stove to provide some
text: mist for MELANIE, whose cough sounds better. EMMA
text: picks up the phone.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA'S BEDROOM - MORNING 134
text: She lies there staring at the far wall, her body alcng-~
text: side one cf this nation's herces. Her arm rests on
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 134
text: her sleeping lover. She seems to be smiling. The
text: phone rings. She picks it up before it finishes a
text: single sounding and talks in a whisper.
speaker_heading: : AURORA
dialog: : (into phone)
dialog: Yes, operator. I'l] accept the
dialog: eharses if it's important.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: EMMA'S KITCHEN : 135
text: Steam and MELANIE and croup.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What do you mean if it's important?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I'm running a little behind schedule.
text: She lauchs atypically, then stops herself.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You Gon't know the night I had.
text: AURORA smiles a bit, wondering whether to confide her
dialog: own night.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Melanie has the croup. Naturally
dialog: it happened about two a.m. I still
dialog: haven't been to sleep and I don't
dialog: know whether he means it or not, but
dialog: Flap's talking about moving us to this
dialog: small college in Nebraska. And I tell
dialog: you, Mom, I think Sam's become someone
dialog: I...well, that I at least need a little,
dialog: you know?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I'm lying here next to the astronaut.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GARRETT 136
text: His face turned towards us and away from AURORA. His
text: eyes click open at the mention of his occupation.
text: While in Des Moines EMMA forgets her own life on
dialog: hearing this awesome news.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: 136 CONTINUED: 136
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Are you really?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: By Um-hmm.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (boldly)
dialog: How was it?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I'll speak to you later.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Okay, I'll let you go. So leng.
dialog: I feel so good for you.
text: EMMA hangs up. Her spirits buoyed. She checks out
text: her baby daughter, sees that she’s looking better,
text: says some words of encouragement, i.e., "Well, we're
dialog: bouncing right back, huh, Melanie?" Turns off the
text: kettles, wipes away some perspiration and resumes
dialog: her own day.
scene_heading: 137 EXT. RIVER OAKS BUS STOP - DAY 137
text: The bus stops--ROSIE gets off. A bit lifeless as she
text: begins her day. There is a beep; she looks over to
text: see VERNON and brightens?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: When did you get back from Odessa?
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: Just.
text: She gets in the car.
scene_heading: 138 INT. VERNON'S CAR - DAY 138
text: She pats his hand, happy to see him. She luxuriates a
text: bit. This brief ride in the expensive, gadget-filled
dialog: car is a high point.
speaker_heading: 139 THEIR POV _ 139
text: AURORA and GARRETT, their backs to VERNON, walking
text: slowly arm-in-arm. ROSIE looks over to VERNON to
dialog: see how he’s taking it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: gl,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 139 -
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: (simply)
dialog: Whoever it is is one lucky bastard.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: . Oh, you are the best little man,
dialog: Vernon.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSTON NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY 140
text: AURORA and GARRETT walking.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: You understand that I see other
dialog: women, don't you? :
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I didn't think we were engaged.
dialog: Your ego, really.
speaker_heading: OTHER STREET 141
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Should we eat in?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: You're saving a fortune on me.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: I'll cook...three weeks anc you
dialog: haven't seen my place.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: My best instincts had me avoiding it.
scene_heading: EXT. AURORA AND GARRETT'S HOUSES - NIGHT 142
text: We can see GARRETT cooking through the side window. A
text: beat and the front door to ADURORA'S house opens and
text: she moves across the lawn. She knocks, GARRETT'S
text: @oor opens, she enters.
scene_heading: INT. GARRETT'S KITCHEN 143
text: Steak, fries and a bottle of wine.
scene_heading: INT. GARRETT'S LIVING ROOM 144
text: AURORA aglow, the living room filled with astronaut
text: memorabilia--pictures, a piece of rock, a NASA flag, a
text: model of a missile. AURORA now stares at a moon globe
text: with raised surfaces denoting the craters of the moon.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: 144 CONTINUED: 1440
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: : AURORA
dialog: (easily)
dialog: Well, I think it's sad that you
dialog: think you need this to impress
dialog: girls.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Need it? Sometimes it isn't enough.
dialog: I don't think there's a thing wrong
dialog: with using all your assets.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Except it turns your profession
text: into a sex trap.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Oh, come on. We all use whatever
dialog: we have. TI earned it. It's as
dialog: much a part of me as anything
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I didn't realize I was tripping
dialog: over such a deeply felt principle.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: (agitated)
dialog: Man, how many men have you hac to
dialog: step on to get on that high a
dialog: horse? But you're not so different,
dialog: believe me, you're going to ask me
dialog: very soon what it was like out in
dialog: space just like every dolly does
dialog: and I'll give you my stock answer
dialog: an@ you'll love it. You'll see.
dialog: You'll ask. So don't act like
dialog: it's nothing to you.
text: A silent beat. He a bit perturbed at himself for letting
text: her get under his skin.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (flustered--backing down)
dialog: Well, of course, I'm curious about
dialog: what it was like out there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 144
dialog: re
dialog: vy
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 144 -
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: . (immediately)
text: It's a long, long, long way away
dialog: and when you're there you feel that
dialog: : you've got a long, long, long way
dialog: . to get back. It's not much different
dialog: than being out in a field in west
text: Texas except the sky is black and
dialog: you keep thinking how far away you
dialog: are from people.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: That's your stock answer.
speaker_heading: . GARRETT
dialog: And it’s true.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: And you always leave it at that.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: I wouldn't know what else to say
dialog: and that happens to be all they
dialog: require.
scene_heading: INT. GARRETT'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 145
text: He is in AURORA'S arms, the moonlight filtering throuch
text: the windew. GARRETT, for now anyway, feels understood,
text: challenged, loved. He is talking about himself in
text: the manner of a hungry man having his first meal in
dialog: months. She is, as he will later comment, a girl you
dialog: can really talk to.
scene_heading: . . GARRETT
dialog: You know what bothers me? None of
dialog: us ever got together one night, closed
dialog: all the doors and compared notes on
dialog: the experience. You'd swear there
dialog: was a rule that we had to pretend
dialog: it wasn't the fun that it was--that
dialog: if we started saying just how much fun
dialog: it was they wouldn't let anybody go
dialog: up anymore. I even got a little
text: talking to for laughing through a
dialog: transmission once.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (fascinated)
dialog: Keep talking.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: 145 CONTINUED: 145
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: And you do sense the speed. Tf
dialog: remember looking out the window...
dialog: (catching himsel£)
dialog: . I'm like somebody with a belly
dialog: . telling stories about Korea...
dialog: AURORA makes a motion that he should stop that stuff
dialog: and continue.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Anyway,.at this one point, I could
dialog: see part of the spacecraft and tell
text: that it's whistling across the ground,
text: but it doesn't make a sound so that
dialog: the one thing you can hear, the only
dialog: noise in the world, is your heartbeat.
dialog: It's indescribable, or 2 just can't
dialog: tell it better--but that was my moment-~
dialog: the one that doesn't go away. You
dialog: know what I mean?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Yes. This is my moment.
text: He shifts uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Don't get nervous.
text: He lauchs.
scene_heading: 146 EXT. PARM - DAY 146
text: It is sunny, warmth returning. Iowa cornfields in the
text: near distance. EMMA is driving SAM this time as her
text: old station wagon moves along the lengthy dirt road
text: to this empty farm house and barn.
text: The car stops, SAM BURNS opening the door for EMMA.
text: As they move around to the back of the wagon and tug
text: at an old child's mattress of EMMA'S which they have
dialog: packed for love making.
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: It's so strange not having her call.
dialog: - You sort of get into the habit of
text: the phone ringing at 8:00 A.M. sharp.
text: It's almost as if the things happening
dialog: to me now aren't official because she
dialog: hasn't given me the business over them yet.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: 146 CONTINUED: 146 -
text: SAM hefts the mattress on his shoulder and they walk
text: towarés the house. SAM is also carrying a briefcase.
text: As they pass the barn, they look over at it...
scene_heading: 147 INT. BARN - DAY : 147
text: EMMA looking inside, then up at the hay loft. SAM
text: comes up behind her. She locks at hin, he grins,
text: puts down the mattress and they both move up to the loft.
scene_heading: 148 LOFT AREA - DAY . 148
text: The romance of Iowa--sun, hay, shadows, legends of
text: farmers’ daughters and plow boys dance in our couple's
text: thoughts. EMMA lies down on the hay.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I just love it when I get to do
dialog: something I always wanted to and
dialog: never figured to.
text: As he takes a radio from his briefcase and hanger with
text: pants-holder. EMMA has becun to undress.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: That's how I feel every time
dialog: we're in each other's company.
text: EMMA moves towards him...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I've just got to grab your ears
dialog: when you say things like that.
text: She grabs his ears holding his blushing face.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Because you're so cute.
text: SAM laughs heartily.
text: 149 OTHER ANGLE, leoking up to the loft 149
text: The radio playing some music. SAM'S suit and shirt
text: and ties neatly hung from the rafter.
scene_heading: 150 ANGLE ON OPENING 150
text: EMMA and SAM BURNS emerge scratching like crazy, leaning
text: against a post to seratch spots, then seratching
dialog: each other's backs.
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 156
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: EXT. EMMA'S HOUSE - DAY 151
text: The wagon in the @riveway. She puts the kids' mattress
text: inside the garage.
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S HOUSE - DAY 152
text: Empty. She goes from room to room, then exits.
scene_heading: EXT. DES MOINES STREET - EVENING 153
text: EMMA walking and searching near the English building
text: of FLAP'S college. She stops.
text: FLAP, his back to her and us, but we recognize the
text: winter jacket. He is talking with what appears to
text: be intimacy to a tall, attractive woman in her late
text: 20's, a colleague. They are under a street light.
text: The girl has her hand up to PLAP'S face. They are
text: clearly lovers. Her name is JANICE.
speaker_heading: EMMA i54
text: Her suspicions confirmed. The truth jolts her and
text: turns her mean. She advances on the couple with the
text: stealth of Indians and wronged, plump women.
speaker_heading: EMMA'S POV 155
text: Now she is close enough to make out mezmured voices.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: Will you please, please, please,
dialog: please stop telling me this is
dialog: just a crush?
scene_heading: FLAP'S MURMURED VOICE
dialog: {a little chuckle)
dialog: Janice, the whole fun in getting
dialog: mixed up with somebody unavailable
dialog: and a little older is that sometimes
dialog: you get to hear what's really going on.
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: (amused)
dialog: That's wonderful, Flap, you are such a...
text: EMMA leans forward from a few feet away and shouts in 156
text: a wild rush.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: ...ineredible asshole.
text: She turns away. He reacts.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 156
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: (to Janice)
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: ON FLA? 157
text: As he turns and begins to run after his outraged wife
dialog: and we SEE for the first time that he has their beautiful
text: baby in a pouch over his chest. The baby is making it
text: enormously difficult for FLAP to catch up with EMMA
text: because he has to keep his hand on MELANIE to keep her
dialog: from bouncing around too much. Though net long--this
dialog: is our chase scene.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Emma--Emma. Goddamn it, you're
dialog: going to ruin us.
speaker_heading: ON EMMA 158
text: Fleeing but listening.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: (more calling)
dialog: You're a spectacle, Emma.
scene_heading: ON FLAP AND MELANIE 159
text: FLAP, a bit over the edge with guilt, shame and fear.
text: MELANIE having the best time she has ever had in her life.
speaker_heading: ON EMMA 160
text: As she rounds a corner, breathing hard, she sneaks a
text: Little look back at her husband and child. She slows,
text: looks again, stops and faces FLAP.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Stop jiggling her. She's going
dialog: to throw up!
text: FLAP slows to a walk, catches his breath. EMMA walks
text: quickly and ignores FLAP while checking out the baby
text: strapped to his body.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Your timing was great. You caught
dialog: us before we did anything.
text: EMMA looks at him briefly and contemptuously. He has
dialog: insulted her intelligence.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 160
dialog: ~~
dialog: 162
dialog: ~~
dialog: 162
dialog: o~
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 160
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Give me the baby!
text: She starts yanking at the pouch straps.
speaker_heading: : EMMA
dialog: (@ifficulty with straps)
dialog: I'm taking the car. I'm taking
dialog: the kids ané goinc to Houston.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: You don't know if I did anything.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I know what you did and why. You
dialog: did it to forget you're a failure.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: That's your mother talking.
text: EMMA, overwrought, now holds MELANIE in both hands and 161
text: gestures with the infant as if it were her hand.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (pointing baby at hersel‘)
dialog: That's me talking!
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: You don't know what I did with her.
dialog: (slyly)
dialog: I don't know what you do when you're
dialog: out on your afternoon drives.
text: EMMA rolls her eyes as if having heard the most
dialog: preposterous sentence she has ever suffered.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (almost friendly)
dialog: You're lucky I'm going off. I'd
dialog: sure make your life heli if I
dialog: stayed around right now.
text: With that she walks off and FLAP wisely lets her go.
scene_heading: EXT. SMITH COUNTY, KANSAS - DAY 162
text: EMMA driving, the baby in a car seat, the boys in back
text: wearing seat belts, and the junk attendant to traveling
text: with three kids scattered about them. =MMA is wearing
text: her old, faded "U. of T." tee-shirt.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: That's the middle of the country.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 162
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: an
dialog: a
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 162
text: The boys turn to look. So, by coincidence, does the baby.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY 163
text: The car moving along.
scene_heading: INT, CAR - NIGHT 164
text: Junk food wrappers abound.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: (to Tommy)
dialog: Hey, look. Isn't that great?
speaker_heading: HIS POV 165
text: An illuminated sign--"WELCOME TO TEXAS". With some
text: billboards and motels and blackness beyond.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Sc that's what it looks like.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA'S HOUSE - EARLY EVENING 166
text: ROSIE peering out the window.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: (low)
dialog: I think this is them.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: You say that every two seconds.
text: ROSIE dashes out the side door. EMMA begins beeping 167
text: ‘the horn. GARRETT'S door opens. By the time she
text: comes into the driveway ROSIE is right alongside the
text: car looking at MELANIE.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Well, talk about your beautiful.
speaker_heading: ON AURORA 168
text: Pausing in the driveway separating her house from GARRETT'S.
text: AURORA is flushed, excited, trying to contain it.
speaker_heading: AURORA -
dialog: Come see Emma and her children.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: No. You don't need an outsider
dialog: richt now.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 168
dialog: ~~
dialog: 169
dialog: oo
dialog: ~~ 170
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: EMMA is cut of the car several feet away.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: You're not an outsider.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: I'll see them later.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (calling)
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (torn)
text: Just a second.
dialog: This is Garrett--you remember.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Oh, sure.
dialog: (trying to help her
dialog: It's very good to see ycu,
dialog: GARRETT waves. He would like not to
dialog: Your mother's been looking
dialog: to this.
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: (uncomfortably)
dialog: (to Aurora)
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Anything wrong?
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I'll be over later.
dialog: tired anyway and want to get to sleep
dialog: early.
dialog: 100.
dialog: I'll be right there.
dialog: mother's cause)
dialog: very good.
dialog: be here.
dialog: They're probably
dialog: {suagestively)
dialog: And I'd like to get to bed early.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Grandma!
dialog: Grandma!
dialog: Grandma !
text: AURORA shushes TEDDY while maintaining a tisht smile.
text: She senses GARRETT'S discomfort but this is no time
dialog: to deal with it.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED)
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: to.
scene_heading: “170 © CONTINUED: 170
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: {to Garrett)
dialog: See you later.
text: She starts towards her family. ROSIE is just finishing
text: her first round of emotional embraces. She is on
text: TEDDY and in the process of making a discovery which
text: delights her and she announces to the world.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: This one likes to squeeze.
text: AURORA goes to TOMMY. She kisses him and TEDDY and
text: they have a none-too-geod embrace.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Where's the baby?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (ironically)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (hugging half-heartedly)
dialog: Well, I talk to you every day.
text: 171 . EMMA takes her mother over to the passenger's side of i171
text: the station wacon where MELANIE is still strapped in
text: her car-seat.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: She loved the drive.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: She didn't cry once.
text: They open the door, AURORA feasting her eyes. EMMA
text: reaches for her.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: You have your hands full. I'll
dialog: take her.
text: As AURORA lifts the gorgeous infant.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I keep thinking she looks a littie
dialog: like you.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: A little? It's like looking in
text: the mirror.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: 172 INT. EMMA'S OLD BEDROOM - NIGAT 172
text: Where a rollaway has been added to EMMA'S old bed.
text: TOMMY and TEDDY are in bed, AURORA and EMMA alternating
text: tucking and kissing. They turn the light out and then
text: stand together framed in the doorway saying their
dialog: goodnights.
scene_heading: 173 INT. AURCRA'S BEDROOM - NIGET 173
text: The two women in flannel nightgowns sharing the window
dialog: seat having milk and cookies.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Yau know, you just look wonderful.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: You look. terrible. No one wants
text: _a girl whe looks washed out and
dialog: tired all @ time.
dialog: Well, Sam Likeseme the way I am
text: and Flap doesn’t notice, so it
dialog: really doesn't matter.
speaker_heading: XN
speaker_heading: AURORA *
dialog: It's just your pattern that you
dialog: finally take this small Step away
dialog: from Flap and it's towards. this
dialog: unavailable, married, colder, Iowan.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: How's it with you and the astronaut?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: He has a name.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: No, I tell you it's so strange
dialog: to find out relatively, relatively
dialog: late in life that sex is...
text: EMMA waits anxiously. Her mother looks at her a beat--
text: then a somber flash of confession.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Emma, I'm moth to flame. This affair
dialog: is just going to kill me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: 173 CONTINUED: 173
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (touched)
dialog: Maybe not. Why do you think that?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (tears showing; her voice breaking)
dialog: I didn't know I'd start to need him.
text: EMMA moves to embrace her mother and in hugging ji¢gles
text: the milk she is holding. It spills on them. The
text: tender communion ends with AURORA returning to her role.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Honestly, Emma.
text: (looking at nightgown).
dialog: I just got this. You're too old
dialog: to be this clumsy.
scene_heading: 174 EXT. PATSY'S HOUSE - BACK YARD - DAY : 174
dialog: Top River Oaks stuff this house. The back yard is
text: lush and deep. It has a swimming pool with a 12~-foot
text: slide and decking and a rather substantial tree house.
dialog: PATSY, some seven years older than when we last saw
text: her, is sitting next to EMMA in a cushy chaise lounge,
text: holding and marveling over MELANIE while, in the back-
text: ground, TOMMY and TEDDY are having a terrific time
text: swimming with PATSY'S daughter, MEG, who is just between
text: the two boys in size and age. TOMMY is notably more
text: animated and joyous than we've seen him. PATSY is
text: still a knockout, though no longer a natural one.
text: EMMA watches with pleasure as her blonde friend cudéles
text: her blonde daughter.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You look more like her mother: than
dialog: I do.
text: 175 MEG runs up to PATSY, shivering from swimming. EMMA 175
text: grabs a towel for her.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (to Patsy)
dialog: Mommy, can we have lunch?
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (ealling to boys)
dialog: What do you want to eat?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Anything I want?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 175
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 175
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: : TOMMY
dialog: | (quickly)
dialog: Gumbo?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I always promise to make it for
dialog: them but you just can't get the
text: fish back home.
text: As the two women continue towards the house, PATSY
text: carrying MELANIE.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Do you miss Los Angeles? Was it
dialog: great to be there?
scene_heading: INT. PATSY'S KITCHEN 175
text: MELANIE playing on the floor, PATSY slicing fresh shrimp.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: It was interesting dating Jews
dialog: after the divorce. They are so
dialog: different.
text: EMMA is nibbline as she helps prepare the gumbo ingredients.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I haven't noticed that.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: In Los Angeles they were so anxious
dialog: to make you feel as if they under-
dialog: stood your secret thoughts better
dialog: than anybody. Damned if they didn't
dialog: sometimes.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: That does sound good. I do that
text: with Sam and he gets such a kick
text: out of it.
text: The phone rings, PATSY answers it.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello? Oh, hi, Flap. I'm fine.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 176
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: She hands
dialog: 105.
dialog: 176
speaker_heading: PATSY (CONT'D)
dialog: God, it's been so long. Oh, I
dialog: guess I look older like ail of us.
dialog: Yes, I have a whole new daughter
dialog: and husband you haven't met.
text: (she laughs and then glancing
text: at Emma changes her laugh to
text: a look of disapproval over
dialog: what Flap has said)
dialog: You sound the same and I'm not sure
dialog: that's such a good thing. Yes,
dialog: she's right here. Oh, she has not.
dialog: We have other things to talk about
dialog: besides you.
dialog: the phone tc EMMA.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (coldly into phone)
dialog: Hello. Pine. They're fine. She's
dialog: fine. I've told everybody in Houston
dialog: that you're terrible and nobody wants
dialog: to see you again. Oh, don't worry.
dialog: I'm half-kidding. What's up?
dialog: Feeling contrite?
text: EMMA'S expression darkens. She is shaken.
dialog: She wipes
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I can't believe you did that to us.
text: some sudden tears from her eyes. PATSY moves
text: closer, questioning.
dialog: She hangs
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: {continuing)
dialog: I think you're spiteful, Flap, and
dialog: I don't know when in hell that
dialog: happened to you. Goodbye.
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: He accepted the job in Kearney,
dialog: Nebraska. So we have to go on
dialog: back and move by next week.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: I dgon't know why you don't leave him.
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: (gathering her thoughts).
dialog: Me neither. Honestly!
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: 177 EXT. AURORA'S HOUSE - NIGHT 177—
text: The station wagon packed, the kids saying their last
text: goodbyes solemnly entering the car. ROSIE handing them
text: packages of food for the trip. EMMA and AURORA kiss
text: on the cheek, ROSIE hugs EMMA.
speaker_heading: . ROSIE
dialog: Raising kids in Nebraska, my God.
text: EMMA gets in, tears in her eyes, drives away. ROSIE
text: stands there with AURORA.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: I thought Flap was just dumb
dialog: but he might be a son-of-a-bitch.
text: AURORA sighs. ROSIE follows her gaze to the house
dialog: next door. -
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: (with disapproval)
dialog: See you tomorrow.
text: She starts off towards her bus stop. AURORA waits a
text: beat then takes off her shoes and heads across the
text: iawn to her house.
text: 178 GARRETT comes out of the house. He is subdued, 178
dialog: ill-at-ease.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Aurora?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Well, hello, stranger. Has it only
dialog: been two days?
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Can we go someplace and talk?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: My garden.
text: They stroll back towards the garden--AURCRA feeling
text: that "choking feeling"-=she keeps looking, waiting
text: for him to notice that she's anxious and lighten
text: the mood. When she does catch his eye, he breaks
dialog: eff the contact.
speaker_heading: 179 GARDEN AREA 179
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: You probably know what I'm going
dialog: to say.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: 179 CONTINUED: 179 —
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Maybe not. I hope not.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: You're some kind of woman, but I'm
dialog: the wrong kind of man and it doesn't
dialog: look like my shot at being the right
dialog: kind is as good as I was hoping.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Are you intentionally sounding like
dialog: an idiot to make this easier for me?
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Well... .
text: Several beats, she looks at him, he shifts embarrassed.
text: Some code insisting that he can't leave until she
text: dismisses him.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (continuing low)
dialog: You don't even know that you're
dialog: going to miss me.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Look, I don't want to blow smoke
dialog: up your ass.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: What a relief.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: It's just that I'm starting to feel
dialog: an obligation here that makes it rouch,
dialog: especially when I live right next door.
dialog: I started to feel like I had to watch
dialog: what I was doing in my own house. I
dialog: hope you know that my feelings for
dialog: you are...
text: She looks at him hard--he breaks off.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You really don't like me.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I just wish you'd go take a
dialog: flying screw for yourself.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 179
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: (utter sincerity)
dialog: I am going to miss you. I do feel
dialog: bad.
speaker_heading: : AURORA
dialog: . You're lucky. I feel humiliated.
text: She is nakedly pained and angry as she looks at him.
text: It's unsettling and there is a trace of real anguish in
text: GARRETT as he awkwardly exits. We hold on AURORA
dialog: for a beat then:
scene_heading: -EXT. EMMA'S HOUSE - DES MOINES 180
text: As her car pulls up, the kids run to see their father.
text: FLAP emerges from inside and embraces the boys, moves
text: over to greet MELANIE, all the while avoiding contact
text: with EMMA.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: {conciliatory to Emma)
dialog: I've been packing for us all week.
text: FLAP kisses MELANIE who reacts with delight.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: She sure remembers her daddy.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: You going to stay mad?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (ironically)
dialog: Yes, I thought being uprooted with
dialog: my children without my consent was
dialog: at least worth a pout.
text: She walks towards the house, loaded down.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: It's the head of the department.
speaker_heading: OMIT SCENE 181
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - COFFEE SHOP - NIGHT 182
text: The setting for their first nervous meeting. We see
text: EMMA'S car arrive at the spot next to SAM'S car, the
text: area illuminated by the coffee shop and adjacent
text: stores. SAM gets out of the car. de looks at EMMA
text: sitting behind the wheel. She's a little jumpy about
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 182
dialog: 183
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 182,
dialog: getting started because there's last minute packing
text: to do. He walks over to the car, leans in.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Don't cry, Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: I'm sorry, honey. Just give me a
dialog: second.
text: She digs into her purse and hands him some Kleenex
text: which he uses with his back to her.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Don't know what I'll do.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Oh, my.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I bought a going away thing for
dialog: you ane I forgot to bring it.
dialog: Dottie's right. I'm a born bumbler.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Oh, you are not.
speaker_heading: SAM BURNS
dialog: Can I have a picture of you?
text: Wiping away some tears, she goes through the junk of
text: her glove compartment hurriedly, opens her wallet.
text: And removes a picture.
speaker_heading: “EMMA
dialog: This is all I have--Flap's in it.
speaker_heading: , SAM BURNS
dialog: I don't mind.
text: She hands it to him, drives away.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVING SHOTS - NEBRASKA 183
text: The HORTON family, overloaded U-Haul behind their
dialog: overloaded station wagon going through Nebraska. We
text: see them stop for gas at a filling station and HEAR
text: the play~by-play of the University of Nebraska football
text: game. ‘Then from every roadside inn they pass, fast food
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: 183 CONTINUED: 183
text: restaurant they stop at, roadside home, other auto--
dialog: from every place where people gather, eat at or reside
dialog: in on a Saturday afternoon in the fall, we continue
text: to HEAR the radio commentary of the "Big Red" football
text: team. After SEVERAL CUTS showing the cksession of
dialog: the state with its football team.
scene_heading: 184 EXT. KEARNEY STATE COLLEGE - DAY 184
dialog: A campus which would consider "functional" a compliment.
text: EMMA is walking with MELANIE, now aged two, toddling
text: alongside wearing her best dress. They turn into
text: ene of the older buildings, the English department.
scene_heading: 185 INT. ENGLISH DEPARTMENT = DAY 185
text: A perfect older, white-haired ELDERLY SECRETARY is
text: seated behind a desk. She is genuinely delighted to
dialog: see the new arrivals.
scene_heading: ELDERLY SECRETARY
dialog: Good morning, Emma. Hi, baby.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Hi, Evelyn.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: She wanted her daddy to see her
text: dressed up for the doctor.
scene_heading: ELDERLY SECRETARY
dialog: Fe should be here any minute.
text: The door opens and a familiar looking woman enters.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Will you please tell Mr. Horton...
text: But now EMMA has turned and seen her. The woman
text: reacts quickly.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Never mind.
text: She exits. But EMMA breaks after her, MELANIE
text: following as best she can.
scene_heading: 186 INT. LONG HALLWAY - DAY 186
text: It is heavily trafficked with students and faculty.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 186
dialog: iil.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 186 ~-
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Don't make me run after you.
text: The young woman turns, the same young woman EMMA caught
text: FLAP with in Des Moines, JANICE. EMMA looks at her,
text: now certain who she is.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: How long have you been here or
dialog: are you the reason we moved to
dialog: Nebraska?
speaker_heading: JANICE
dialog: I think Flap should talk to you.
dialog: I've been telling him sc. I
dialog: shouldn't say anything before he
dialog: does, except that I don't think
dialog: there's an emotion you're having
dialog: that I couldn't validate.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Well, if he wants to talk, just
dialog: tell him his wife and his baby
dialog: will be at the doctor's getting
dialog: their flu shots.
scene_heading: INT. DR. BUDGE'S OFFICE - DAY 187
text: DR. BUDGE is an overweight version of a Norman Rockwell
text: G.P. He has just finished giving MELANIE her shot and
text: she is erying and screamins.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Come on, Melanie. It's all over.
dialog: If it makes you feel better, I
dialog: have to get a shot now myself.
text: MELANIE calms and smiles. The doctor swabs her arm
text: and then begins moving it, looking underneath. EMMA
text: indicates a box of lollypops.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (to doctor)
dialog: Can I give Melanie one of these?
text: The dector nods and continues to examine her. Then stops,
text: his attention focuses on her arm. EMMA leans to give
text: the lollypop to MELANIE.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: il2.
speaker_heading: 187 CONTINUED: 187
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: If my husband calls, they'll let
dialog: us know, won't they?
speaker_heading: DR. BUDGE
dialog: You have a lump in your armpit.
dialog: How long has it been there?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I don't know. Melanie, stop
dialog: kicking that cabinet.
text: MELANIE gives the metal file cabinet one more little
text: kick, then stops.
speaker_heading: DR. BUDGE
dialog: There are two of them, not very
dialog: big though. I have to be out of
dialog: town for a week and I hate to
dialog: leave them that long because
dialog: they're going to have to come
text: out and be looked at.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Goodness. Do I have to be scared?
speaker_heading: DR. BUDGE
dialog: All it means if you're scared is
dialog: that you'll be that much happier
text: when it turns out to be nothing.
text: EMMA nods, managing a smile. She takes MELANIE by
dialog: the hand.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Mommy should get a pop too. For her
dialog: shot.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: That's richt.
text: The doctor hands her one. She unwraps it and puts it
text: in her mouth.
scene_heading: 188 INT. AURORA'S KITCHEN - NIGHT 188
text: AURORA sitting at the table alone, the light on.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I know what it is. You don't keep
dialog: yoursel£ up so your sweat glands
text: have stopped up. It's a cyst.
dialog: i113.
scene_heading: 189 INT. PHONE BOOTH - NIGHT 189
text: EMMA in the booth with MELANIE.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: He says he could almost do the
dialog: operation in his office but
dialog: I'll go in overnight.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Do they have good hospitals in Nebraska?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Sure. So I shouldn't worry, right?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: It’s a cyst--it's right where your
dialog: oil glands are and they've stopped
dialog: up because you've never learned
dialog: what to eat or how to wash.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Okay, thanks. Oh, say hi to Melanie.
text: She hands MELANIE the phone.
scene_heading: 190 INT. FLAP AND EMMA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 190
text: FLAP standing there taking in the news.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What's her name?
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Janice. What did the doctor say?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I told you. The scariest thing
dialog: was that he wanted to do it so fast.
dialog: Janice--straight hair.
dialog: (imitating Janice)
dialog: ®I can't say anything until he does."
dialog: I'm going to get myself one of
dialog: Patsy's Jews if you don't watch out.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: But that thing he said about feeling
text: good when it turns out to be nothing.
dialog: I think that's a good indication,
dialog: don't you?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (scolding)
dialog: I'm not going to make you feel
dialog: better, Flap. I'm just too mad.
dialog: 191
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
scene_heading: EXT. AURORA'S BACK YARD - DAY
text: VERNON sitting outside, fidgeting.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA'S HOUSE - DAY
dialog: 114.
text: AURORA looking out at him. She has just finished
text: dialing the phone.
speaker_heading: . AURORA
dialog: Bello, Flap. Have you heard anything?
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S KITCHEN - DAY
text: FLAP cooking hamburgers for the kids, sheltering the
dialog: phone so he has privacy.
speaker_heading: - FLAP
dialog: No. Then Emma hasn't called you
dialog: either?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: No. How are the children?
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: I wish I was so carefree.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Yes, well, they have nothing to
dialog: feel ashamed about.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: You always seem to lose your
dialog: manners around me, Aurora.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Oh, stop. Let me know if you hear.
text: She hancs up.
scene_heading: EXT. AURORA'S HOUSE - DAY
text: As she walks out to the garden. And finds GARRETT and
dialog: She stands
text: VERNON talking over the back fence.
text: for a moment then decides to walk over to them.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Do you two know each other?
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: . We was just seeing to that.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: frozen
dialog: 191
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: 194 CONTINUED: 194 -
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Vernon was just telling me that
text: Emma's in the hospital for tests.
dialog: What kind of tests?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (ignoring him)
dialog: vernon, why don't we go inside?
text: VERNON leans forward to give her some sotto advice,
text: pulling at her arm some to get her ear down to his range.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: I think you'd feel better if you
dialog: talked to nim about it.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (to Garrett)
text: They're taking a biopsy.
text: GARRETT grimaces broadly as if just suffering an
text: incredibly sharp stomach pain.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: What's wrong with you?
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Sorry.’ Nothing. I'm squeamish
dialog: about words like "biopsy". It's
dialog: just a thing with me. Go ahead.
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: But his expression remains enormously strained. VERNON
text: looks at him with distaste.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: Let's go inside.
text: He starts to escort her away, then turns to GARRETT.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: I don't know why you'd feel squeamish
dialog: about anything. Didn't you fellas
dialog: have to piss and dump down a tube
dialog: in your leg?
text: AURORA laughs, pats VERNON on the back. He grins broadly
text: and modestly. AURORA looks at GARRETT with challenge.
text: But GARRETT, damn him, endures justified ridicule with
dialog: some grace.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
dialog: 196
dialog: 197
dialog: 198
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 194
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: I'm sorry you're going through this,
dialog: Aurora.
text: She nods and starts back towards the house.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - NEBRASKA - NIGHT 195
text: EMMA lying there, playing with her hair, looking at
text: THE WALTONS. DR. BUDGE enters. He sits on the bed.
text: For the merest beat EMMA avoids dealing with him,
text: then looks his way.
speaker_heading: DR. BUDGE
dialog: Dear, you have a malignancy.
text: We hold several beats to study EMMA'S reaction.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA'S KITCHEN - DAY 196
text: AURORA hangs up the phone. ROSIE is busy nearby.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (to Rosie)
dialog: Our girl's in trouble. She has a
dialog: sort of cyst that turned out to be
text: malignant. She has to go to a
dialog: hospital in Lincoln.
text: The two women embrace. ROSIE does with ease something
text: she has never done befcre. She kisses AURORA on the
dialog: cheek.
speaker_heading: ROSTE
dialog: You're not leaving me here. Some-
dialog: body's got to take care of those
dialog: kids of hers.
scene_heading: EXT. WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN HOSPITAL - LINCOLN 197
dialog: Shot establishing perhaps the only hospital in the
text: country with a presidential loser buried on the premises.
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR'S OFFICE AT HOSPITAL - DAY 198
text: PATSY sits alongside AURORA. PATSY is wearing a fur
text: coat and locks dazzling. This is a new doctor,
text: DR. MAISE. He is too calm. He also cannot seem to
text: eontrol his eyes from clicking over to PATSY occasionally.
text: AURORA not missing this aspect of the interview.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED)
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: 198 CONTINUED: 198
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: We'll release her in a few days.
dialog: We do more and more on an cut
dialog: patient basis. We won't need to
dialog: take her back here at all unless
text: the illness escalates.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: But you're not telling me anything.
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: I think I am. I'm trying to.
dialog: What are you confused about?
speaker_heading: . AURORA
dialog: How is she?
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: I always tell people to hope for
dialog: the best and prepare for the worst.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (dumb founded)
dialog: And they let you get away with that?
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: (dealing with her)
dialog: Look, this is a serious condition.
dialog: The chances of a response are ¢ecing
dialog: to be about one in three. That's
dialog: net as good as we'd like, but if you
dialog: do get a response, it could be quite
dialog: meaningful.
scene_heading: 199 INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - DAY : 199
text: MAISE, AURORA and PATSY walking aionc.
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: (to Patsy) .
dialog: Are you going to stay in Nebraska long?
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: I don’t think so.
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: (daring a witticism)
dialog: It's too bad. I was thinking of
dialog: marching you through the wards to
dialog: give some of our male patients
dialog: the will to live.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 199
dialog: 200
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 199 ©
text: He snickers at this but not until AURORA wheels and
text: stares at him.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I keep on telling mysel* your
dialog: personality has nothing to do with
dialog: your abilities. That is true, isn't it?
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: I'm sorry. It might have been a bad
dialog: joke but you're wrong to take the
dialog: attitude that everything is so
text: desperate and serious now and it's
dialog: mot going to do your daughter any
dialog: good to get those signals.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: I think he's right--Aurora.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (giving in)
dialog: Well, we're not with Emma right now.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: But when we are?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Of course.
text: They enter her room.
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY 200
text: She's reading the kids’ letters and enjoying hersei‘.
text: AURORA and PATSY enter with broadly fixed smiles on
text: their faces.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What's wrong now?
text: PATSY and AURORA smile with some sincerity at their
dialog: ransparency.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (sitting on the bed)
dialog: I just get so frustrated with the
dialog: @octor. But it all boils down to
dialog: you're getting out of here tomorrow
dialog: and you won't have to stay here again.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Unless it spreads more. But I tell
dialog: you I don't feel sick.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: 200 CONTINUED: 200
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: I think you can tell more about
dialog: your condition yoursel£ than
dialog: they can. Hey, I want you to come
dialog: to New York for a visit. My treat.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Well, we'll see. You have to read
dialog: the kidas' letters. Teddy says he
text: can't sleep but Melanie can. Tommy
dialog: says he doesn't think there's any~
dialog: thing to be “really concerned about".
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: I mean it. You have some time before
dialog: you have to see the doctor again.
dialog: Spend a few days in New York. -
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I don't think it's a bad idea for
dialog: you to have a vacation by yourself.
dialog: With Rosie and I here, you might
dialog: as well take advantage of the
dialog: freedom.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'm not like one of those kids they
dialog: take to see Disneyland before the
dialog: end, am I?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Oh, stop it?
scene_heading: 202 EXT. 59TH STREET BRIDGE - NIGAT 201
text: A lovely evening.
scene_heading: 202 INT. LIMOUSINE ~ NIGHT 202
text: PATSY in the back seat with EMMA, who looks strange in
dialog: this setting.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Look, Emma.
speaker_heading: 203 THEIR POV 203
text: New York City lit up.
speaker_heading: 204 oN EMMA , 204
text: Delighted.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I can't believe I'm here.
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: INT. RIVER CAFE - DAY 205
text: PATSY and EMMA and three other women in their late 20's
text: or early 30's are being seated at a large round table.
text: The East River traffic just a few feet away, the
text: Brooklyn Bridge overhead, the city beyond, a piano
dialog: player at work on the atmosphere. There isn't a Welsh
dialog: coal miner who wouldn't instantly guess which of the
text: five women was the rube. EMMA is out of her element,
dialog: but there is enough inner security to make her only
text: vaguely uncomfortable in the midst of these well-groomed,
text: seemingly-sure-of-themselves contemporaries.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: (making introductions)
dialog: Emma, this is Lizbeth.
dialog: Hi, Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: LIZBETH
dialog: Hi. It's Lizbeth.
speaker_heading: EMMA,
dialog: Isn't that what I said?
speaker_heading: LIZBETH
dialog: You said Elizabeth with an "E".
text: It's Lizbeth.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Two names-~Liz Beth?
speaker_heading: LIZBETH
dialog: No, one name--Lizbeth. It doesn't
dialog: matter.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: And this is Jane.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Thank heavens.
text: She gets a nice littie laugh.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: And this is Victcria.
speaker_heading: MOVING SHOT t 206
text: Following waiter to the table some 60 minutes later.
text: He lays down coffee for all but EMMA whe has also
dialog: ordered an incredibly gooey dessert. There is a good
text: deal of intelligent, though nonetheless chirpy, chatter.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 206
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 206
text: The women are just finishing examining two photegraphs--
text: EMMA'S of her kids and LIZBETH'S of hers.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: : (to Lizbeth)
dialog: - I love the uniform their school
dialog: gives them.
speaker_heading: LIZBETH
dialog: Well, yours are wonderful. They
dialog: make me feel like I'm going
dialog: through one of those old Saturday
dialog: Evening Posts--the little girl's
text: ineredible.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: And don't think she doesn't know it.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Patsy and her...have a real thing...
dialog: (thinking then)
dialog: Well, with the boys too.
text: PATSY nods calmly.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: (to Emma)
dialog: You going to wait till she's in
dialog: school before you go back to work?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I've never really worked.
text: A half-beat cof silent, shocked reaction.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (firmly and democratically)
dialog: Well, that's okay.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Thanks.
text: EMMA starts to eat her dessert and then feels all eves
text: on her. She stops a spoonful of the stuff and sees
text: her diet-conscious table mates looking on ravenously.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Anybody want some?
dialog: They all say “no”.
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
dialog: 122.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER CAFE PARKING LOT - DAY ~ LONG SHOT 207
text: Breezy, right on the water. PATSY talking to her three
text: New York friends as they wait for taxis. The mood
text: seems different. Two of the women genuinely aghast,
text: and then the conversation stops abruptly with the
text: exclamation, "Oh, that poor thing" hanging in the air.
speaker_heading: ON EMMA 208
text: Ks she approaches the taxi uncertain with the three
text: of.them staring at her.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: LIZBETH
dialog: Nothing.
text: A cab approaches. Suddenly, the women are pressing
dialog: toc hard to seem natural.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: (shaking hands)
dialog: It was a great honor meeting you,
dialog: Emma. I hope you have a wonderful
dialog: time here.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I think those beautiful children
dialog: are lucky to have you for a mommy.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Go ahead. You girls take the
dialog: first one. We're not in a hurry.
speaker_heading: LIZBETH
dialog: (eo Emma)
dialog: You sure?
text: EMMA nods, a bit down. PATSY is embarrassed. Their
text: cab pulls away.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You just told them, huh?
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: (nods)
dialog: You don't mind, do you?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No, of course not.
dialog: 209
dialog: She walks
text: to the water's edge. EMMA starts to cry. 209
dialog: This young Texas woman, this midlander, standing on
text: an alien coast simack in front of one of the world's
text: sophisticated cities, feeling sorry for herself for
dialog: the first time.-
dialog: She walks
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Emma. , Please, no...why?
text: quickly after EMMA.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Oh, it's not you, Patsy. I like
dialog: people knowing. I mean why not?
dialog: But, oh, I'm getting tired all
dialog: the time and sometimes I get pains
dialog: in different places...
dialog: (now agitated)
dialog: And why do your husband and those
dialog: women have to walk on eggs like
dialog: that when they know?
text: EMMA is getting mad.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Can you just tell them it's okay to
dialog: talk about cancer? I mean it's not
dialog: so terrible. In less than two hours
dialog: they were saying how two of them had
dialog: had abortions and three of them had
dialog: been divorceaé and how one of them
dialog: hasn't spoken to her mother in four
dialog: years and how one of them has her
text: “little Natalie” at boarding school
dialog: because she has to travel for her job--
dialog: well, hell, Patsy--hell!! If that's
dialog: okay to talk about...
dialog: (suddenly remembering)
dialog: Oh, and there was the one with the
dialog: yeast disease that was afraid it was
dialog: vacinal herpes at first...If all
dialog: that's fit conversation for lunch
dialog: and everyone is still thought to
dialog: be perfectly all right, then what
dialog: is so God awful unspeakable about
dialog: my little tumors?
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Sure, of course. What do you want
dialog: me to do?
speaker_heading: EMMA .
dialog: Well, tell them it's not so tragic.
dialog: Pecple do get better. Tell them it's
dialog: oxay to talk about the cancer.
dialog: 210
scene_heading: INT. PATSY'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 220
text: A few couples, well dressed but casually seated around
text: PATSY'S living room. MEG, PATSY'S daughter, kissing
text: her mother and father good night. PATSY'S husband,
text: JACK, is a good looking, well-connected, young partner
text: at Solomon Brothers. They are drinking and eating little
text: chili canapes that PATSY'S made. One of the women
text: fills a silence.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (brightly and conversationally)
dialog: Patsy tells us you have cancer.
text: PATSY laughs so suddenly she spits out her little chili
text: dog. It virtually flies across the room. EMMA breaks
text: up laughing with her.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: We should really talk later. I'm
dialog: a nutritionist and my husband's
dialog: with Ticketron.
text: EMMA nods and exits to terrace.
scene_heading: EXT. PATSY'S TERRACE - NIGHT 2il
text: An attractive, 5'5", intense man, PHIL, who's often
text: told he looks like Rick Dreyfuss, is standing close
text: to her smoking a joint.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Want a hit--maybe to help with the
dialog: nausea?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No. I think that's only if you're
dialog: having chemotherapy.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Were you feeling anything tonight?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Sick, you mean?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: No. Between us.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Not really. But I liked that you
dialog: sit forward in your chair like
dialog: you're very interested in what
dialog: people are saying but it's really
dialog: so your feet will touch the floor.
dialog: It's sweet.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 125.
scene_heading: 211 CONTINUED: 211
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I wouldn't be bringing up the cancer
dialog: but Patsy said it was okav.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: It is okay.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I work for her husband. My older
dialog: brother had cancer and now he's fine.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What kind did he have?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Skin cancer.
text: Before she can say anything.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (continuing defensively)
dialog: I knew. That's the best kind.
dialog: {a beat)
dialog: I'd really like to take you out
dialog: sometime.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'm sorry. I have to go back very
dialog: scon and Patsy has a lot planned--
dialog: Broadway shows and things--and I'm
dialog: married and have three kids--and
dialog: there is the cancer.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Yeah, I figured it was a long shot.
text: They stand for a beat.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Excuse me.
text: She walks in. PATSY is standing with her husband.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: You don't feel like meetine somebody
dialog: right now who had a mastectomy, do you?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: . (polite)
dialog: Maybe in a bit.
dialog: 126.
scene_heading: 212 INT. MEG'S ROOM - NIGHT 212
text: MEG, PATSY'S daughter, is sitting up in bed reading.
text: EMMA walks in.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: How you doing?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Fine.
text: EMMA picks up the phone and begins to dial.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Will you tell Tommy I said hi?
speaker_heading: EMMA .
dialog: I'll do better than that. I'll
dialog: tell him you have a crush on hin.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Aunt Emma, you wouldn't.
text: EMMA laughs, then hangs up the phone, thinks for a
dialog: beat, then:
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Mec?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Uh-huh?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: From your point of view, having
dialog: lived in three or four places,
dialog: how is it being in New York?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Well, I think it’s my favorite
dialog: because no matter what you're
dialog: fond of, they have it.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Not if you like nature.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Yes. Because we “ave a house in
dialog: East Hampton that's right on the
text: ocean and has woods out behind.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: And you have fun here as a kid and
dialog: all?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 212
dialog: 215
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Oh, yes.
text: EMMA takes this in and dials.
speaker_heading: . EMMA
dialog: (inte phone)
dialog: Hi, Mom...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Well, you know how Tommy is.
dialog: 127.
dialog: Look,
dialog: they're having this party for me so
dialog: I can't talk long but I'm thinking
dialog: of coming back a couple of days early.
scene_heading: EXT. SHOT - BRYANT HOSPITAL - LINCOLN
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: EMMA and her mother enter carrying a little suitcase
text: containing personal toiletries, a radio, etc.
text: a few years younger than EMMA is in one of the room's
text: two beds. Even in bed, with the covers
dialog: up, she seems
text: a bit too big and gawky. Her name is MELBA.
speaker_heading: MELBA
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Hi.
text: AURORA nods.
speaker_heading: MELBA
dialog: (to Emma)
dialog: You going to be in here?
speaker_heading: - EMMA
dialog: Uh-huh. My name's Emma.
speaker_heading: MELBA
dialog: I'm Melba Lanke. My husband,
dialog: is the high school basketball
text: DR. MAISE walks in. He nods to AURORA,
text: the curtain separating EMMA'S area from
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: Excuse us a moment.
speaker_heading: ON MELBA'S AREA
text: AURORA and EMMA now shut off from view.
dialog: Dick,
dialog: coach.
dialog: then draws
speaker_heading: MELBA'S.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: A woman
dialog: 212 -
dialog: .213
dialog: 214
dialog: 215
speaker_heading: 2i5
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 128.
dialog: 215
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: Melba, there are certain options
dialog: you have to consider on the kind
dialog: of treatment we'll be following.
dialog: We need to decide whether to operate.
speaker_heading: MELBA
dialog: What do you think, Dr. Maise?
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: Well, the problem is that if we
dialog: don't operate, the chances are
dialog: one in four of achieving a cure.
dialog: But if we operate, the chances
dialog: of a cure become one in two.
speaker_heading: MELBA
dialog: (heartened)
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: But the chances of survivine
dialog: the operaticn are two in three.
speaker_heading: MELBA
dialog: Oh. So if we just keep on doinc
dialog: what we're doing, my chances are
dialog: one in three.
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: (correcting)
dialog: One in four.
speaker_heading: MELBA
dialog: One in four--sorry.
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: That's okay.
speaker_heading: MELBA
dialog: What's one in three?
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: There is no one in three. The
dialog: chances of surviving the operation
dialog: are two in three.
speaker_heading: MELBA
dialog: (trying)
dialog: One in three if we don't do any...
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: (patiently correcting)
dialog: One in four.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 215
dialog: 217
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 215
speaker_heading: MELBA
dialog: Why do I keep getting that wrong?
dialog: One in four if we don't do anything...
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: MELBA
dialog: (encouraged)
dialog: Two of three if I have the operation...
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: (coaching)
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: MELBA
dialog: {she knows this one)
dialog: «the chances of surviving the
dialog: cperation are one in two.
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: That's right.
text: MELBA laughs a bit flushed with her success at having
text: gotten it down. DR. MAISE opens the curtain separating
text: the two areas. EMMA and AURORA agape. MELBA looking
text: over at them as soon as the doctor exits.
speaker_heading: MELBA
dialog: I should have written it down.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLIDAY INN - LINCOLN, NEBRASKA - NIGHT 216
text: As a cab leaves AURORA off at her hotel. The sion
text: contains a provocative message: “Home of the Pleasure
dialog: Dome."
scene_heading: INT. HOLIDAY INN + NIGET. 217
text: As AURORA walks past the reception desk where first by
text: din and then by actual sight we see:
scene_heading: INT. PLEASURE DOME - NIGHT ‘ 218
text: A monument to a certain type taste. It has a giant
text: indoor area with a sweating indoor pool, some matted
text: and torn artificial turf serving as a miniature golf
text: course, ping-pong tables, shuffleboard and scores of
text: pinball machines, all of it covered by a plastic top
text: creating an eerie translucence. Most of the rooms at
text: this Holiday Inn have balconies facing out on the
text: Pleasure Dome. So it is a weary AURORA we see climb
text: up to the balcony and open the door to one of these
dialog: rooms.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 219
dialog: 220
dialog: 222
dialog: 222
dialog: 130.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 219
text: She closes the door but still there are the chorus of
text: pinball bells which cannot be shut out. She sits
text: on the bed.
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY 220
text: AURORA, dressed colorfully, is supervising the two men
text: hancing AURORA'S Renoir and Klee. She also squeezes
text: her armpit periodically. EMMA is in bed. She is
text: genuinely cheered by the additions.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (leoking at paintings)
dialog: I can't believe you did this.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Sure.
dialog: (to men)
dialog: Be careful. Those paintings are
dialog: worth more than you'll make in your
dialog: lifetime.
text: The men turn and react.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: You treat them like that, they're
dialog: going to start pissing in my soup
dialog: to get even.
scene_heading: INT. HOLIDAY INN COFFEE SHOP ~ NIGHT 221
text: AURORA eating a desultory meal with VERNON. There is
text: so little to say. He is concerned for her. She
text: catches him looking at her at one point as she
text: unconscicusly squeezes her armpit. She stops anc
text: pats his hand in reassurance.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL HALLWAY - NIGHT 222
text: AURORA at the nurse's station. There is a large clock
text: rominent in the background which reads seven minutes
text: past eight. AURORA is extraordinarily agitated, hyper,
text: manic.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: It's after eight. Give her the
dialog: pain shot.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Mrs. Greenway, I was going to.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 222
dialog: 223
dialog: 131.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 222
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Then go ahead. It's after eight.
speaker_heading: NURSE
text: Just a few minutes.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Why should she have to have the pain
dialog: right now? It's time for her shot.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: You act like...
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: She only has to hold out till
dialog: eight. Give her the shot.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Your attitude isn't...
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: We'll talk later. Give her the shot.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: If you're going to behave like...
speaker_heading: AURCRA
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Give her the shot.
text: The nurse looks wide-eyed. AURORA too did not anticipate
text: her outburst. The nurse scurries towards EMMA'S room.
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S ROOM - DAY 223
text: EMMA lying in bed, the doctor sitting at her bedside.
text: EMMA looking intelligent and relaxed despite the
text: doctor's words. His manner is not the least bit
text: emotional. A professional rendering facts.
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE
dialog: The response to the drugs we've
dialog: tried isn't what we'd hoped. But
dialog: there are investigatory drugs which
dialog: we are willing to utilize. However,
dialog: if you become incapacitated or it
dialog: becomes unreasonable for you to
dialog: handle your affairs for a block of
dialog: time, it might be wise to make some
dialog: decisions now so that your areas of
dialog: responsibility don't become notably
dialog: disordered.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 223
dialog: 224
dialog: 225
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DR. MAISE (CONT'D)
text: (he looks at her for half a beat)
dialog: Any questions?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No.
text: She looks off, lost in the fact that she will not
text: survive her illness. The doctor hesitates, not sure
text: she's gotten the message. She senses this.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I know what you're saying. I've got
dialog: to decide what to do with the kids.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - HOLIDAY INN - LINCOLN - NIGHT
scene_heading: INT. HOLIDAY INN - LOBBY
text: Following AURORA into the Pleasure Dome.
scene_heading: INT. PLEASURE DOME + NIGHT
text: She stands watching TOMMY and TEDDY swim in the indoor
text: pool. They are having a fine time. TEDDY hops out
text: and, gicgling, pretends he's going to push AUROPA in.
text: TOMMY calls to his brother from the pool.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Pushing Grandma in isn't a half
dialog: bad idea.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (to Tommy)
dialog: You'd better not. I'm not kidding.
dialog: Push your father in if you want.
text: TOMMY gets out of the pool and advances ominously on
text: AURORA. She fixes him with a look, but just then there
text: is a call from the balcony surrounding the Pleasure Dom
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Aurora.
text: AURORA looks up.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: There, near the pinball machines, a flight bag beside
dialog: him, is GARRETT.
dialog: 224
dialog: 225
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
dialog: 230
dialog: 232
dialog: 133.
speaker_heading: ON AURORA 228
text: She walks towards the stairway, GARRETT down the
text: stairs. They embrace. .
scene_heading: AURORA AND GARRETT 229
dialog: ghe is trying very hard and with noteworthy success
dialog: not to cry.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Well, whoever expected you to be a
dialog: nice guy?
text: They embrace.
speaker_heading: CTHER ANGLE 230
text: Showing VERNON watching them, suffering, at the very
text: least, enormous discomfort, since PATSY and ROSIE are
text: looking at him and actually verbalizing their feelings
text: as they say softly and almost in unison.
speaker_heading: ROSIE, PATSY
dialog: Awww.
text: He looks around and walks off in the opposite direction.
text: ROSIE makes a simple statement of fact to PATSY.
speaker_heading: ROSTE
dialog: I have a real shot at him now.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR ~ DAY 231
text: As AURORA and GARRETT walk.
scene_heading: ON GARRETT.
text: Getting the willies in the hospital.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: You can wait in that little reception
dialog: room. She said she really loved that
dialog: you came and the way you did it.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION ROOM - DAY 232
text: As GARRETT lights up, visibly more relaxed and sits
text: down next to an older working man wearing a sports
text: jacket over his house painting togs.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: How you doing?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 232
dialog: 233
dialog: 134.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 232
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Fine. They just opened up my wife's
dialog: neck.
text: GARRETT blanches. AURORA enters the background but
text: Stands silently watching. She is amused.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: It turned out to be a big tumor--the
text: size of a crenshaw melon but benign.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: (woozy)
dialog: Well, great.
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY 233
text: ROSIE and MELANIE visiting. EMMA is caressing MELANIE'S
text: long, thick, blonde hair. ROSIE, awkward, out of her
text: element, and still trying to postpone fully dealing
dialog: with EMMA'S condition.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: God, how I miss washing this mane of
dialog: hers. Wherever did she get it from?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: {downcast)
dialog: Oh, you and your thing about hair.
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: The other day Melanie was asking
dialog: about where she came from and I
dialog: told her to ask her momma.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Who told you?
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: I came from in there.
text: She points to EMMA'S stomach.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Teddy told you, the blabbermouth.
text: ROSIE cets up and walks towards the exit. As she does
text: so she hears EMMA say to MELANIE.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You love your Aunt Patsy?
speaker_heading: MELANIE.
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 234
dialog: 235
dialog: 236
dialog: 135.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR = DAY 234
text: As ROSIE steps into the corridor. She stands for a
text: moment, then BEARS EMMA and MELANIE singing a song
text: together and begins to cry.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN AIRPORT - DAY 235
text: Where AURORA sees GARRETT off. They embrace and as
text: Part of the embrace, he grabs a good handful of her
text: rear end.
scene_heading: . . GARRETT
dialog: Take care of yourself. I'll cali
dialog: you. I'm glad I saw Emma.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I'm sure your being there meant a
dialog: lot to h...
dialog: (catching herself, then directly)
dialog: It meant a lot to me.
dialog: (now briskly)
dialog: I'm at the hospital all the time or
dialog: I'll call you. No, then if you're
dialog: with someone, you'll have that funny
dialog: sound in your voice. Oh, I don't care.
dialog: Who cares? Thanks for coming. I love you.
text: They hug again holding each other's rears.
text: AURORA starts away from him, stops. 236
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Garrett.
text: He stops, she walks to him.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I can't help being curious. Do you
dialog: have any reaction to my telling you
dialog: that I love you?
speaker_heading: GARRETT
text: IT was just inches from a clean getaway.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Well, you're stuck now so you might
dialog: as well face up. You're old enough
dialog: to tell and I'm old enough to hear
dialog: your reaction to my saying "I love you".
dialog: (he hesitates)
dialog: Tell me. Really.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 136.
speaker_heading: 236 CONTINUED: 236
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: (distressed, then honestly)
dialog: All I can think of is my stock answer.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Which is?
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: (with style)
dialog: I love you too, kid.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: {enjoying him)
dialog: Why is it the most fun you have
dialog: is always at my expense?
text: He hefts his flight bag, grins, musses her graying hair
text: a bit and exits.
text: 237 INT.
scene_heading: LONG DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EMMA'S HOSPITAL ROOM = DAY 237
text: AURORA and EMMA each in their own thoughts. A trace of
text: a smile on AURORA'S face. Now AURORA looks at her daughter.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Why are you always looking out
dialog: the window? Is it to avoid me?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Oh, everything isn't always about
dialog: you. I have a lot to figure out.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Let's not fight so much.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (honestly)
dialog: What do you mean? When do we fight?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: You amaze me. I think of us as
dialog: always fighting.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No, that's just from your end,
dialog: because you're never satisfied
dialog: with me.
text: AURORA looks at her. EMMA goes back to mulling.
dialog: 137.
scene_heading: 238 INT. HOSPITAL CAFETERIA ~ DAY 238
text: AURORA going through the line, looking with extraordinary
text: distaste as people in front of her have food plopped
text: into their plates, wet glops covered with thick syrups.
text: She addresses the black woman behind the counter.
speaker_heading: . AURORA
dialog: You don't put any gravy on the
dialog: cottage cheese, do you?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: You crazy?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I'll have some cottage cheese and
text: some whole wheat toast.
speaker_heading: WOMAN -
dialog: You want gravy on the toast?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: No, thank you.
text: The woman hands her the food. AURORA walks with her tray.
text: She sees PATSY with the three kids just finishing a meal.
text: PATSY looks tanned ané gorgeous. They are all wearing
text: ski clothes. They greet each other. TOMMY, a perfunctory
text: huc; TEDDY, a squeeze; MELANIE, utterly kissable. TOMMY
text: puts down a different water glass in front of AURORA.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Can we go back to the shop?
text: PATSY nods.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Wouldn't you know? I take them
text: away skiing and the most excited
dialog: they got is when they found this
text: novelty section in the gift shop.
dialog: De you think they should see
dialog: their mother today?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I'd wait.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: I told Emma I thought Melwnie should -”
dialog: be with me, and the boys too if she
dialog: wants. She didn't want to discuss
dialog: it until she'd had a chance to go
text: over it with poor Flap.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I'm going to raise the children.
dialog: 238
dialog: 240
dialog: 242
dialog: 242
dialog: 243
dialog: 138.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 238
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: We'll see, I didn't want to do
dialog: anything behind your back. That's
dialog: why I wanted you to know I've
dialog: spoken with Emma.
text: AURORA just looks at her. It is not a friendly lock.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: It's silly for us to dislike
dialog: each other now, isn't it?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Maybe not.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Well, I'm not mad at you.
text: She exits.
speaker_heading: OTHER ANGLE 240
text: TEDDY and TOMMY spying on AURORA'S table from afar.
scene_heading: ON CASEIER'S DESK 242
text: FLAP, a huge tray of food and two bocks under his arm,
text: is just about to set himself dewn'at an empty table for
text: respite. He sits, props up the book, savoring 15
text: minutes of ease and peace but now he icoks up.
speaker_heading: FLAP'S POV 242
text: His mother-in-law. She is looking at him.
speaker_heading: ON FLAP 243
text: As reluctantly and dutifully he folds his book, hefts
text: his tray and walks to AURORA'S table. FLAP is wearing
text: the distinctive tie EMMA bought for him with AURORA'S
dialog: money years ago.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: PLAP
dialog: Did you see her yet today?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: I was with her most of last night
dialog: and today--as usual.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 139.
speaker_heading: 243 CONTINUED: 243
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: : She wants to die~-and sometimes I
dialog: - do too.
text: AURORA sips some water; it dribbles down her chin.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: I haven't talked to the kids yet.
dialog: I'm not sure how much they realize.
dialog: They know something bad is happening.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Patsy wants to raise Melanie and
dialog: maybe the boys. Don't you think
dialog: they should be with me?
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: What can you be thinking? I'1l1
dialog: raise them. They are mine.
text: AURORA did not expect this. She sips her water. rt
text: dribbles down her chin. Absently, she wipes the water away.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: You don't have the resources,
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: You can't make an argument out of this.
text: She is growing angry and trying not to. She sips some
text: water; it rung down her chin. The problem of getting water
text: to stay in her mouth is beginning to vie for her attention.
speaker_heading: AURORA
text: Raising three children and working
dialog: full time and Tunning after women
dialog: requires a lot more energy than you
dialog: have. You've always had a knowledge
dialog: of your own weakness--don't lose that
dialog: quality now that you need it most.
text: She sips and dribbles. FLAP rises, watches AURORA dab
text: at her chin.
speaker_heading: FLAP -
dialog: You have no right nor any invitation
dialog: to discuss where or how my children
dialog: live...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 140.
speaker_heading: 243 CONTINUED: (2) 243
speaker_heading: FLAP (CONT'D)
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: That's a...what do you call it?...
dialog: a dribble glass. You're drinking
text: : from a dribble glass.
text: He looks around along with AURORA.
speaker_heading: 244 THEIR POV ‘ 244
text: The kids looking on. AURORA is pissed; FLAP is proud
text: of his brood.
scene_heading: 245 INT. EMMA'S HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT - 245
text: FLAP is seated beside her bed.
speaker_heading: EMMA w
dialog: From what the doctor says, I think
dialog: we have to have...
dialog: (ruefully)
dialog: +e. "the talk” now.
text: FLAP looks at her, then away. Some quality he doesn't
text: have may be expected of him. But now he turns back
text: and nolds her gaze.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: (paring his soul)
dialog: Do you know how much I hate the
dialog: idea of lesing you?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: frustration venting)
dialog: Nobody seems to know that but you...
text: Ke calms, sits down, starts to speak, almost doesn't.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: . (encouraging)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Oh. Just thinking about my identity
dialog: and not having one anymore.
dialog: (bittersweet irony)
dialog: I mean who am I if I'm not the man
dialog: who's failing Emma?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 245
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He crins.
dialog: 141.
dialog: 245
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You didn't fail me.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Let's not talk about this. I feel
dialog: like I'm sucking after forgiveness--
dialog: which I probably am.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You weren't any more terrible than me...
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Except for the cheating.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Oh, let's not do this. We had our
dialog: problems, Flap, but it wasn't over
dialog: whether we loved each other...
dialog: Oh, look, I didn't even notice...
text: (she fingers his tie, moved
dialog: by the gesture he made in
dialog: wearing it)
dialog: Honestly. Oh, gosh. And it was
dialog: really buried away. I know the
dialog: mess it must have been for you
dialog: finding it.
text: There is a strange but uncommonly easy intimacy.
text: between them. As they relax, this visit becins to have
text: some of the elements of a good time.
speaker_heading: FLAP
text: The house still isn't in one piece.
dialog: It was in the last box I looked in.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'll bet.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: (loving her)
dialog: You're so easy to please. I don't
dialog: know why I couldn't do more of it.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (a beat then)
dialog: I feel so sorry for you. What are
dialog: you going to do?
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: I love teaching English. I'll be
dialog: all right.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 245
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: She grabs
dialog: 142.
dialog: (2) 245
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'm so glad we're talking. I just
dialog: am. It just means so much to me that
dialog: we can still feel like this--so much.
dialog: Honest. Wow. Thank heavens.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: (amazed at her)
dialog: I swear.
text: one of his ears and holds it affectionately.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Listen, I am getting tired. Just
dialog: tell me, hon, do you really want to
dialog: raise them?
text: He looks down, thinks, then at her.
dialog: He thinks.
dialog: She takes
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: I never thoucht I was the sort of
dialog: man who'd give up his kids.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I don't think you want that much
dialog: work. You have no idea what it takes.
dialog: As hard as you think it is, you'd end
dialog: up wishing it were that easy.
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: Patsy and Momma can afford help.
dialog: That makes a very big difference.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Where do you want them?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I don't want them living with Janice.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: She's not so bac.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Oh, yes she is--for my kids she is.
text: his hand.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I think they'd better not stay with
dialog: you, honey.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 143.
speaker_heading: 245 CONTINUED: (3) 245
text: FLAP is scared and ashamed.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: I'll really miss them.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: . Yes, you will.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: Maybe we should let Patsy take them.
dialog: It would be easy for me to work
dialog: research summers in New York.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No. Patsy only really cares about
dialog: Melanie. I want them with Mother.
dialog: I'll make sure she lets you see
dialog: them and have them and help decide
dialog: things fer them.
text: FLAP sighs.
speaker_heading: FLAP
dialog: (ruefully)
dialog: I guess they should be with your
dialog: mother. I probably have that cominc.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Bring the boys to see me tomorrow,
dialog: will you? That one's been waitine
dialog: there for me. It's time I did it.
scene_heading: 246 INT. EMMA'S HOSPITAL ROOM - THE NEXT DAY 246
text: PATSY is putting some make-up on EMMA, getting her
dialog: spruced up for her boys.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Is it terrible to say that I just
dialog: ean't stand seeing your mother get
dialog: her hands on that little girl? I'd
dialog: just love to raise that little girl.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'd let you. But Teddy can't spare her.
text: PATSY pauses. She always adores the way EMMA thinks.
text: She is heavy~hearted but is working asainst the emotion,
text: trying to supply energy to her friend's hospital room.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: I suppose Melanie will manage all by
dialog: herself no matter who takes care of her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 246
dialog: 144.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 246
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Keep an eye on Teddy, though. Okay?
dialog: He's going to take this so damn
dialog: personally. Tommy's been trying
dialog: not to need me for years but Teddy's
dialog: going to be so scared without me.
text: Téars come. PATSY dries them, does some patch work
text: with the make-up. Then she patches herself.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Be's so like you, Teddy. A real
dialog: innocent.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I wasn't so innocent.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: I really wish you wouldn't use the
dialog: past tense. Anyway, I'm having the
dialog: kids visit a lot. She can't fight
dialog: me on that.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: T’ll make sure she doesn't. Thanks
dialog: for helping me stall but you'd
dialog: better send them in.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Do I get to say somethine ever?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Oh, we don't have to...
text: PATSY starts for the'door, turns.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: There's just this. Sesides loving
dialog: you, I don't think you realize how
dialog: I've depended on you. You're my
dialog: touchstone, Emma.
text: She exits. EMMA sits there alone preparing to tackle
text: the final task she has set for herself, her farewell to
text: her children. At this moment she is thinking hard,
text: concentrating on how she will deal with this. She
text: is at work. We HEAR the door open. She looks over
text: towards it.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Hi, boys.
dialog: 145.
speaker_heading: 247 BER POV 247
text: As TOMMY and TEDDY enter their mother's room. TOMMY
text: steeling himself, his younger brother already in tears.
text: He moves quickly to his mother and buries his head in
text: the covers. TOMMY is enormously uncomfortable and rigid.
text: TEDDY is a bit out of control because suddenly, here
text: with his mother, he feels comfortable enough to say
text: what he's been thinking since she was hospitalized.
speaker_heading: : TEDDY
dialog: I love you and I miss you. And,
dialog: oh God, I want you to come home.
text: He lifts his head and takes seme breaths; EMMA pets
text: him, looks almost a bit stern at TOMMY and gestures
text: him to come closer.
scene_heading: 2468 ON TOMMY 248
text: As he hesitates for half a beat, then walks to the
text: bed. She touches his face.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You both look so gigantic to me.
dialog: And I must look pretty bad to you.
text: TEDDY is so shocked with her appearance he can't
text: answer, just look embarrassed. TOMMY shows a small
dialog: measure of grace.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Not so bad.
speaker_heading: 249 ON EMMA 249
text: Strangely she feels deep appreciation for TOMMY'S words.
speaker_heading: -EMMA
dialog: You both need a haircut. You have,
dialog: both of you, beautiful eyes and I
dialog: want people to see them. I don't
dialog: care how long it gets in back but
dialog: clip those bangs. They're too long.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: That's a matter of opinion.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Just keep the hair out of your eyes.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Are you getting well?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Uh-uh.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED),
dialog: 146.
speaker_heading: 249 CONTINUED: 249
text: TEDDY'S eyes dart, as if looking for escape.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: «e-I'm sorry about this. But I can't
dialog: help it. And I can't talk to you too
dialog: much longer or else I'll start to
dialog: get real upset. But we had lots of
dialog: years and we did a lot of talking--
dialog: and some people don't get that...
dialog: Listen, I want you to make a lot of
dialog: friends. And don't be afraid of
dialog: girls--they're going to be so much
dialog: help to you, I swear.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: We're not afraid of girls. What
dialog: makes you think that?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Well, you micht be later on.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I doubt it.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: (sobbing to Tommy)
dialog: Why don't you just shut up?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (hal f-heartedly)
dialog: You shut up.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Shhh. Come on. Teddy? Give me
text: a kiss.
text: They kiss on the lips. TEDDY kisses her a few extra
text: times and so does she. She does the last extra
text: kisses in a way which makes him smile. She gestures
text: to TOMMY who kisses her cheek cuickly. He is tortured
dialog: and somehow being stiff and foul is simpler for him
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Tommy, be sweet. Be sweet, please.
dialog: Don't keep pretending you dislike
dialog: me. That's silly.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (strained)
dialog: I like you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 147.
speaker_heading: 249 CONTINUED: (2) 249
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Then will you listen to me especially
dialog: hard?
speaker_heading: . TOMMY
dialog: . What?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You'll listen close?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I said, what?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (petting his arm)
dialog: I know that you like me. I know it.
dialog: But for the last year or two you've
dialog: been pretending you hate me. I love
dialog: you a let, as much as I love anybody,
dialog: as much as I love myself. And in
dialog: a few years when I haven't been
dialog: around to be on your tail about
dialog: something or irritating you, you're
dialog: going to remember my buying your
dialog: baseball glove when you thought
dialog: we were too broke, and how I read
dialog: you these stories and let you goof
text: off instead of mowing the lawn...
dialog: lots of things. You're soins to
dialog: realize you loved me. And maybe
dialog: you're going to feel badly because
dialog: you never told me. Don't. Because
dialog: I already know you love me. So you
dialog: must not ever do that to voursels.
dialog: Okay?
text: TOMMY pauses. His brother looking at him with hope
text: and urging that he says "I love you". He doesn't.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Good. You'd both better run alone
dialog: now. Take care. I was scared of
dialog: this, but I think it went really
dialog: well, don't you?
text: The boys nod.
scene_heading: 250 INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - DAY 250
text: AURORA seated with MELANIE on her lap as the boys
text: enter the scene.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED) -
dialog: 250
dialog: 251
dialog: 252
dialog: 253
dialog: 146.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 250
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Come on, your father's back at the
dialog: hotel.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CLOSE ON TOMMY 251
text: As he moves along, glancing back occasionally.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL GROUNDS - DAY 252
text: AURORA making conversation to soothe TEDDY who keeps
text: lapsing unexpectedly into tears or sniffling. TOMMY
text: lags behind, pausing, looking back at the hospital,
text: then catching up.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: You know, I was speaking to this
dialog: boy back in River Oaks where I live
dialog: and@ he was telling me how great the
dialog: Cub Scouts are in Houston, just
dialog: about the best there are.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (simply)
dialog: We never were Scouts. Our mother
dialog: was too lazy to check it out.
text: AURORA'S hand hits him so hard that he is knocked down
text: ané several feet away by the blow. MELANIE giggles
text: nervously. TOMMY starts to scamper away. AURORA
text: goes after him. He almost runs for it. She has him
text: by the arm. Finally, he stops strucgling; he starts
text: crying. AURORA comforts him. Gentler than we've
dialog: seen her.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: That's a boy. I just can't have
dialog: you criticize your mother around me.
scene_heading: INT. EMMA'S HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT 253
text: One light on. FLAP dozing in a chair. AURORA seated
text: across the room, looking at EMMA, who is on even more
text: life support systems, and now EMMA looks back. Her
text: mother smiles at her with quiet and mystic reassurance--
text: their final communication. EMMA turns; AURORA looks
text: out the window. The door opens, a nurse enters. She
text: ehecks EMMA. This is the same nurse who had the run-in
text: with AURORA. She's a bit reluctant to approach her.
text: She touches FLAP, who awakens.
speaker_heading: NURSE
text: Mr. Horton. She's gone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 253
dialog: 254
dialog: 255
dialog: 256
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 253.
text: FLAP gets to his feet. He looks at AURORA, who rises.
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: i'm so stupid. After all she's been
dialog: through, “I thought I'd feel relief
dialog: when she went...0h, my sweet little
dialog: thing..-
dialog: (a wail)
dialog: Oh, Emma...please.
text: She catches herself, looks at FLAP, sadness flowing
text: again. He stands quite still, something approaching
dialog: dignity.
text: . AURORA .
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: There's nothing harder, is there?
text: She looks at FLAP again, a step and they are in each
text: other's arms, AURORA kisses his brow, he kisses her
text: pack. They look towards the bed. Then:
speaker_heading: AURORA
dialog: Let's go.
text: FLAP opens the door, waits for her; she gestures that
text: he should go first. An instant where she looks back
text: from the doorway.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: {TO END TITLES OVER:
scene_heading: EXT. AURORA'S HOUSE - DAY 254
text: As the last of the three limousines return from EMMA'S
dialog: funeral.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA'S KITCHEN - DAY 255
text: ROSIE, PATSY and AURORA preparing some food. They argue
dialog: with AURORA and each other about who should not be
dialog: doing this.
dialog: ‘
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 256
text: GARRETT, VERNON, the BANKER, the DOCTOR, TOMMY, TEDDY,
text: MELANIE, FLAP, PATSY'S husband, MEG, CECIL HORTON and
text: SAM BURNS, off by himsels, lost until PATSY comes up
text: and begins to tell him how much EMMA cared about him.
text: The casual, mournful, unstructured conversation of our
text: characters, as they drink, eat and talk about EMMA and
dialog: inevitably about her mother as well. This to continue
dialog: as we finally...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
