speaker_heading: YOUTH
dialog: written by
dialog: Paolo Sorrentino
dialog: May 2na 2014
dialog: Translated from the Italian by Virginia Jewiss
dialog: ® Indigo Film s.r.1.
dialog: All rights reserved
speaker_heading: US Copyright Registration / Italian Copyright registration SIAE
dialog: disclosure, copying, distribution or use of this content is prohibited
scene_heading: 1. EXT. HOTEL GARDEN. DAY
text: A terribly English face, its pale skin flushed in the crisp
text: springtime sun. Short, fair hair. Jacket and tie. A highly
text: intelligent face, persuasive too. The face of a fifty-year-
text: old man who is sitting, legs crossed, in the pretty garden of
text: a hotel.
text: Slightly behind him sit two younger assistants.
text: And behind them, a beautiful swimming pool. Only a few
text: bathers, all of them wrapped in identical, soft white robes.
text: A lazy, early morning, vacation atmosphere.
text: Jacuzzis dot the flawless lawn around the pool.
text: In the background, a magnificent hotel. Welcoming, dignified,
dialog: and luxurious all at once.
text: And framing the hotel, reigning over it, are the mountains.
text: The fifty-year-old man takes out a pack of cigarettes and is
text: about to light up when a calm, uncritical voice warns him.
speaker_heading: CALM VOICE
dialog: You can’t smoke here.
speaker_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD
dialog: Not even outside?
speaker_heading: CALM VOICE
text: Not even inside.
text: The calm voice belongs to the man sitting across from him.
text: English, about eighty years old, in a soft beige jacket and
text: trousers, and eyeglasses with imposing black frames, behind
text: which nest watery, light blue eyes, laden with melancholy and
dialog: cunning. We’re talking about Fred Ballinger.
text: There’s a small table between them. An open newspaper in
text: front of Fred. He is calm, placid, serene, but a vague
text: disenchantment hovers in his eyes. In what we realize is a
text: habitual gesture, he unwraps a candy and pops it in his
text: mouth. He’s clearly a regular consumer of such candies.
speaker_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD
dialog: Pardon me, Mr. Ballinger, or may I
dialog: call you Maestro?
text: Fred Ballinger shrugs his shoulders. It really doesn’t matter
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD (CONT’D)
dialog: And may I ask how your holiday is
dialog: going?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Very well, thank you.
speaker_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD
dialog: Have you been coming here long?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: For more than twenty years. I used
dialog: to come with my wife. Then I kept
dialog: coming on my own, I have many
dialog: friends here.
speaker_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD
dialog: Why Switzerland, Maestro?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: It's close to Italy. And I directed
dialog: the Venice orchestra for twenty-
dialog: four years. After London and New
dialog: York, of course.
speaker_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD
dialog: But of course, how silly of me!
dialog: This must also be a very good place
dialog: to relax.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: It’s only a place to relax.
text: The fifty-year old smiles. Fred doesn’t.
speaker_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD
dialog: Are you still directing or
dialog: composing, Maestro?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: No, I’m retired.
speaker_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD
dialog: It goes without saying, of course,
dialog: that I, like everyone else, ama
dialog: great admirer of yours.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Thank you.
text: The fifty-year old smiles.
speaker_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD
dialog: Maestro, as I indicated to you in
dialog: my letter, I work for the
dialog: Ceremonies and Events Office at
dialog: Buckingham Palace.
text: Fred stirs slightly when he hears this.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: You work for the Queen?
scene_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD EMISSARY
dialog: Well, in a sense, yes!
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Good. Monarchies are always so
dialog: endearing.
scene_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD EMISSARY
dialog: (surprised) If I may, Maestro, why
dialog: exactly do you find the monarchy
dialog: endearing?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Because it’s so vulnerable.
dialog: Eliminate just one person and all
dialog: of a sudden the whole world
dialog: changes.
dialog: Like in a marriage.
scene_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD EMISSARY
dialog: Her Majesty the Queen would be
dialog: honored to confer a knighthood upon
dialog: you this coming June, Maestro.
text: A little smile darts across Fred's face.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Do you know what Satie said when he
dialog: was offered the Legion of Honor?
dialog: “It’s not enough simply to refuse
dialog: it, you also have to not deserve
dialog: it.” But I am not Satie. And you
dialog: must excuse me, I have the most
dialog: dreadful habit of quoting other
dialog: people.
scene_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD EMISSARY
dialog: Her Majesty will be delighted to
dialog: learn you have accepted.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Her Majesty has never been
dialog: delighted about anything.
text: Embarrassed, the Queen’s emissary skates over Fred’s remark.
scene_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD EMISSARY
dialog: What is more, your investiture just
dialog: happens to coincide with the
dialog: birthday of His Royal Highness The
dialog: Prince Philip, and the Queen would
dialog: very much like to give hima
dialog: concert with the London
dialog: Philharmonic Orchestra at the New
dialog: Wimbledon Theatre, to which the
dialog: Prince is deeply attached, for
dialog: reasons unknown to me. Her Majesty
dialog: would be delight-- honored if you
dialog: would agree to conduct, your own
dialog: compositions of course.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: I haven’t conducted for a long
dialog: time.
scene_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD EMISSARY
dialog: (smiles) I’m sure you haven't
dialog: forgotten how it’s done.
text: Fred Ballinger ponders this.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: No, I haven’t forgotten how it’s
dialog: done.
text: The Queen’s emissary’s smiles radiantly.
scene_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD EMISSARY
dialog: Prince Philip and Her Majesty will
dialog: be simply ecstatic to hear you
dialog: conduct your famous “Simple Songs.”
text: In a remarkably calm, resigned voice, Fred says:
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Ah, but I will not conduct any of
dialog: my “Simple Songs.”
scene_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD EMISSARY
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Personal reasons.
scene_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD EMISSARY
dialog: The great soprano Sumi Jo has
dialog: agreed to sing.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Sumi Jo won't do.
scene_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD EMISSARY
dialog: Well then, tell me which soprano
dialog: would do, and you shall have her.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: No one will do.
text: Fred Ballinger’s refusal seems irrevocable. He goes back to
text: reading the paper, all the flattery already behind him. The
text: emissary is devastated. He lowers his head.
text: Silence. Only a slight noise. The camera moves to discover
text: what it is. Fred is rubbing the plastic-coated candy wrapper
text: between his fingers at regular intervals. Without a doubt,
text: the quick, alternating tempo creates a distinct musical
dialog: rhythm.
text: The Queen’s emissary puts a cigarette between his lips and is
text: about to light it when he remembers that smoking is not
text: permitted. He stammers out one last, lame attempt.
scene_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD EMISSARY
dialog: If I may, Maestro, the Queen might
dialog: take your refusal rather poorly,
dialog: she’s not used to being told no.
text: Fred Ballinger, who is reading the paper, interrupts ex
text: abrupto rubbing the candy wrapper.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: I’m sure she will come to terms
dialog: with it. There are far more
dialog: important things in life than my
dialog: Simple Songs.
text: The emissary is disconsolate.
scene_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD EMISSARY
dialog: Well then, I shall relay our
dialog: conversation to the Queen. Good
dialog: day, Maestro.
text: The emissary takes his leave. His two assistants follow him.
text: When they get up, we see that there is a man sitting behind
text: them, who looks as if he has overheard the whole
dialog: conversation.
text: His name is Jimmy Tree. He’s thirty-four years old,
text: Californian, drop dead handsome, a Hollywood star. Though
text: it’s still early, he’s eating a steak and French fries.
text: Hiding behind sunglasses and a few days' razor stubble,
text: wearing an unflattering baseball cap and sloppy clothes, he
text: looks undone.
text: The three Englishmen are circumnavigating the pool on their
text: way out of the garden, when someone suddenly catches the
text: emissary’s attention.
text: This someone is floating in the pool: a man about fifty, only
text: his face above water. A puffy, South American face, hair dyed
text: a surreal yellow, full lips, tired features, dark,
text: intelligent eyes, and furrows far too deep for a man his age.
text: He stares blankly into space.
text: The emissary gazes at the South American and whispers to one
dialog: of his assistants.
speaker_heading: FIFTY-YEAR OLD EMISSARY (CONT’D)
dialog: Do you see that man? Could it
dialog: really be him?
text: His two assistants turn to look at the man in the pool, and
text: recognize him immediately. They get all excited.
speaker_heading: FIRST ASSISTANT
dialog: Why yes, it is!
speaker_heading: SECOND ASSISTANT
dialog: Good god, it really is him.
text: The three Englishmen keep walking, but they can’t keep from
text: glancing furtively at the South American who, with the help
text: of a woman in her forties and three lifeguards, whom he leans
text: on like a dead weight, is getting out of the pool. He
text: struggles up the low stairs, which to him seem
dialog: insurmountable.
text: As he slowly emerges from the water, we see how
text: extraordinarily obese he is, and how much trouble he has
text: walking. Panting, this cumbersome yet charismatic creature
text: settles himself at the edge of the pool. His arms are
text: swarming with tattoos: faces of famous heroes from famous
dialog: revolutions.
text: The lifeguards withdraw.
text: The forty-year-old woman with a kindly, patient face is his
text: companion, apparently. She sits next to him and lovingly rubs
text: his hair with a towel, caring for this immense whale.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: 2. EXT. VENICE. NIGHT
text: Guitar notes - irregular, sporadic, imploded, muffled sounds
dialog: that seem to come from the deepest depths of the sea or your
text: own conscience - surface now and then during the scene.
text: What we see next is like a vision.
text: A breathtakingly beautiful vision: high water in a deserted
text: Saint Mark’s Square. That vast space, with its unforgettable
text: porticos and palaces, is now a square lake, water lapping at
dialog: the columns.
text: A narrow, raised walkway intersects the Square. But there’s
text: no one on it, at least not right now.
text: Then, in the dead of night in this most mysterious city, Fred
text: Ballinger appears at the far end of the long walkway. Like
text: all old people, he looks vulnerable as he shuffles along,
text: taking tiny, trying steps.
text: Fred looks up and espies a statuesque female figure coming
text: toward him from the other end of the walkway. They move
text: toward each other, the only human beings in this surreal,
text: submerged Venice. They’re closer now, they’re about to meet.
text: With ill-concealed amazement, Fred fixes his eyes on the
dialog: woman: she’s 6/1".
text: An impossible beauty, with black hair and eyes so green they
text: seem fake, wearing a one-piece bathing suit and a sash that
text: says MISS UNIVERSE.
text: She’s even closer now, approaching him with the solemn,
text: inhuman gait of a top model in a big-time fashion show.
text: They're about to meet. But the walkway is only three feet
text: wide, so they both move aside to let the other pass without
text: falling in the water. It’s inevitable that they touch. Miss
text: Universe's plentiful decolleté brushes against Fred’s scrawny
dialog: chest.
text: He gazes up at her from below, as if he were beholding a
dialog: benign tragedy.
text: Like all beauty queens, she stares coldly into space, not
text: even noticing her perfect body's fleeting contact with Fred.
text: Having avoided a mishap, they each proceed on their way. The
text: beauty queen sways off into the full moon, surrounded by that
text: expanse of water, like in some debatable Dolce & Gabbana
dialog: dream.
text: Fred shuffles along the walkway. He’s afraid now, and with
text: good reason: the water is rising quickly, flooding the
text: walkway and swirling around his feet, his ankles, his knees.
text: Fred tries to hurry, but he’s old and the water tugs at his
text: legs. He turns and cries out in a suffocated voice, as if
dialog: begging Miss Universe for help.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Melanie, Melanie!
text: But Miss Universe is no longer there, it’s as if she
dialog: evaporated.
text: Fred keeps going, but not for much longer. The water is up to
text: his chest now, his neck, his chin, he’s panicked, a stifling
text: guitar note sounds, when, luckily...
scene_heading: 3. EXT. HOTEL GARDEN. NIGHT
text: .+. he wakes up. Fred quickly regains his composure. He
text: struggles up from his chair. It’s late. No one’s around.
text: Except for a small crowd of guests in the distance, real
text: night owls.
text: The guitar notes flow now, crisp and real.
text: Fred takes tiny steps toward them, the underwater pool lights
text: providing a shadowy glow.
text: As he shuffles across the deserted lawn, the OPENING CREDITS
text: start to roll, and a voice joins in with the guitar, it’s
text: coming from the little group of people.
text: The song is “Onward,” a magnificent, somber, American folk
text: ballad. Fred instinctively heads toward the music.
text: Fred hovers near the edge of the gathering, where Mark
text: Kozelek, guitar in his lap, is singing “Onward.” Three women,
text: a twenty-year-old kid, and Jimmy Tree are there as well. The
text: little group, all mellow and relaxed, listens contentedly to
dialog: the great American folksinger.
text: The OPENING CREDITS continue to roll as Fred Ballinger,
text: standing slightly apart, listens to the beautiful ballad.
text: Mark Kozelek notices him and is unable to conceal his emotion
dialog: at having such a distinguished spectator.
text: Mark gives a reverential little bow with his head and then,
text: during an instrumental break, says to Fred.
speaker_heading: MARK KOZELEK
dialog: Maestro.
text: Fred smiles slightly.
text: The OPENING CREDITS are over.
text: Jimmy Tree is stretched out on the grass, eyes closed. He
text: opens his eyes and sees Fred. They nod hello to each other;
text: then Jimmy gestures aimiably to him to join him. Fred goes
text: over and sits near Jimmy, perching on the edge of a chaise
text: lounge. Jimmy offers him a mug.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: I slipped a bit of gin and tonic
dialog: into the herbal tea. Interested,
dialog: Mr. Ballinger?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: No, thanks. I'd prefer a bit of
text: herbal tea slipped into a gin and
dialog: tonic.
text: They both smile.
text: Fred takes out a cloth handkerchief, quickly blows his nose,
text: expertly folds his handkerchief and, in a habitual gesture he
text: has clearly done a million times, quickly wipes his nose four
text: times, then puts his handkerchief back in his jacket pocket.
text: Jimmy Tree, an irresistible smile on his face, has observed
text: Fred’s handkerchief routine with utmost attention.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: I was thinking today that you and I
dialog: have the same problem.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Is that so.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: We've been misunderstood our whole
dialog: lives because we allowed ourselves
dialog: to give in - just once - toa
dialog: little levity.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Perhaps. Because levity is an
text: irresistible temptation.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: I’ve worked with all the great
dialog: European and American directors,
dialog: but I’1l be remembered forever for
dialog: Mister Q, for a fucking robot. I
dialog: had to wear a suit of armor that
dialog: weighed two hundred pounds, you
dialog: couldn’t even see my face. But
dialog: every five minutes someone has to
dialog: come up and remind me that I did
dialog: Mister Q, the same way they remind
dialog: you that you did those “Simple
dialog: Songs.” And they forget that you
dialog: also composed “The Black Prism,”
dialog: “The Life of Hadrian,” and all the
dialog: rest.
text: Fred Ballinger smiles and so does Jimmy. They’re accomplices
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Because levity is also a
dialog: perversion. What are you doing in
dialog: Europe?
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: I’m doing a new film, in Germany,
dialog: starting in a month. I’m developing
dialog: the role.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Is it a lighthearted role?
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: That depends on your point of view.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Is it coming along well?
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: We'll see.
text: Mark Kozelek breathes the last note of “Onward.” The little
text: group claps languidly. Fred doesn’t join in. Then, struggling
text: to get up, he takes his leave of Jimmy.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: It’s late for me.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: Not for me.
text: Fred smiles. Jimmy salutes him playfully, two fingers to his
dialog: temple.
text: Fred moves off with the uncertain gait of an old man. Jimmy
text: drinks and observes Fred's slow walk.
scene_heading: 4. INT. HOTEL RECEPTION/ELEVATOR. NIGHT
text: Fred Ballinger stands immobile in the lobby, across from the
text: reception desk. He’s waiting for the elevator.
text: A young night doorman stares blankly at a small, silent TV.
text: A very petite, dignified-looking woman, who looks older than
text: her sixty years, rings the doorbell. The doorman, without
text: taking his eyes off the TV, presses a button and buzzes her
text: in. The woman enters and sits on a bench. Melancholy and
text: resigned, she stares into space. Fred Ballinger, still
text: waiting for the elevator, has watched all this, his face
text: expressionless.
text: Finally, the elevator. An old contraption with a metal grate.
text: Fred steps inside. The elevator ascends. We see his
text: silhouette rising.
scene_heading: 4A. INT. HOTEL ELEVATOR/CORRIDOR. NIGHT
text: It stops at his floor. A chubby, unattractive young woman,
text: about twenty, is waiting to take the elevator down. Her face
text: is pocked here and there with pimples, an adolescent
text: peculiarity that clashes with her sharp, aggressive look. We
dialog: can safely assume that she’s a hooker, but a hooker sui
dialog: generis.
text: Fred forgets to look at her, and she pays no attention to
dialog: him.
text: Alone, Fred Ballinger makes his way down the hallway, taking
text: tiny, slow steps. Next to every door are pairs of hiking
text: boots, neatly arranged, which the guests have put out to be
dialog: aired.
text: In the silence of the night, an old man in an electric
text: wheelchair overtakes Fred and vanishes around a corner.
text: The sound of a violin comes from one of the rooms, stopping
text: Fred in his tracks. He turns, searching for the source. It
text: starts up again, from the beginning: only two notes, played
text: poorly. Someone’s obviously practicing, one of those really
text: tedious exercises.
text: Fred takes a step in the direction of the sound, but it stops
dialog: again.
dialog: 11.
text: He is about to keep walking when he encounters his reflection
text: in a mirror. He touches a sunspot on his temple, which he
text: notices for the first time there in the mirror.
scene_heading: 5. INT. MICK BOYLE’S SUITE. NIGHT
text: Those same violin notes start up again, but extra-diegetic
text: now, and perfectly executed. They give life to a soft,
text: melancholic music.
text: We're in a room where confusion reigns: papers and notes
text: spread all over the place, laptop computers left open and
text: forgotten. Five kids - four guys and a girl - all under
text: thirty, are sleeping, curled up in armchairs scattered here
text: and there, and on the bed. They are sleeping the sleep of the
dialog: just.
text: Fred Ballinger and another elderly man are standing in the
text: room, he too about eighty years old, still attractive, his
text: hair a little long, his bright, sparkling eyes omnivorous and
text: full of life. His name is Mick Boyle.
text: The two old men silently observe the sleeping kids. The
text: violin vanishes. After a while.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Did you take a piss today?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Twice. Four drops. You?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Same. More or less.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: More or less?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Less.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Look how beautiful they are.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Beautiful, yes.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: If you only knew how moving it is
dialog: to see them working on the
dialog: screenplay. They’re so passionate.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: They've caught your passion.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: And have you lost yours?
dialog: 12.
text: Fred just shrugs.
text: Mick, with what is clearly a habitual gesture, smooths his
text: hair across his forehead with the palm of his hand, and then
dialog: changes the subject.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT'D)
dialog: See those two?
text: He points to the girl and one of the guys, who are sleeping
text: on opposite sides of the room.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Of course I see them.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: They're falling in love, but they
dialog: don't know it yet.
text: The girl, her eyes still closed, gives a smile that no one
text: sees. Because she’s not asleep.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: (xreflects)I know because I know
dialog: everything there is to know about
dialog: love.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Then you'll have to give me lessons
dialog: one of these days.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: It's late now.
dialog: Have you heard the latest? Joyce
dialog: Owens, Miss Universe, is coming to
dialog: stay. Apparently one of her prizes
dialog: is a free week in our hotel.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Yeah, I heard. But it seems more
dialog: like a punishment than a prize to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Which is just how it should be.
dialog: Some forms of beauty have to be
dialog: punished, to make life bearable for
dialog: the rest of us.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: How’s the screenplay coming along?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: It’s going to be my masterpiece. My
dialog: testament.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT'D)
dialog: And Brenda is going to make an
dialog: unforgettable leading lady. We hit
dialog: on the title today: “Life’s Last
dialog: Day.” What do you think?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: (reflects) It’s good. I’m going to
dialog: bed.
text: Fred heads out while in the background Mick shakes one of the
dialog: kids.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Come on, guys, wake up, it's time
dialog: to go back to your hotel.
scene_heading: 6. INT. FRED BALLINGER’S SUITE. NIGHT
text: A beautiful woman, about forty, sleeps soundly in the bed.
dialog: Her name is Lena.
text: A sweeping shot of the room. We see the night stand, with a
text: framed photograph from ten years ago, of Fred being hugged by
text: a woman his age. They smile happily in the photo. We can
dialog: assume it’s his wife.
text: The sweeping shot ends on Fred, sitting in a chair. He’s
text: staring bright-eyed at the sleeping woman.
text: Lena opens her eyes and sees Fred. She’s surprised.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: Aren’t you sleeping, Daddy?
text: Fred, trying to hide his tears, smiles sadly.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: No, I’m looking at you.
text: Lena notices her father’s tears.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: But Daddy, you're...
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: (anticipates what she is going to
dialog: say) Don’t worry. Old people cry
dialog: all the time. And for no good
dialog: reason.
scene_heading: 6A. EXT. HOTEL GARDEN. DAWN.
text: Early morning dew. The extensive hotel grounds, punctuated
text: here and there by beautiful, centuries-old trees.
dialog: 14.
text: The chubby hooker and the petite, sixty-year-old woman we saw
text: earlier at the reception desk appear, seen from behind.
dialog: They’re probably mother and daughter.
text: They walk hand in hand, sad and forgotten by the world.
text: With a awkward, inelegant gesture, the girl adjusts her very
text: short shorts, which have annoyingly worked their way in
text: between her buttocks.
text: Mick Boyle is sitting on a bench, looking over his work
text: notes. He senses the presence of the two women and looks up.
text: His eyes immediately grow melancholy when he sees the mother
text: and daughter walking hand in hand.
text: The sky beyond the high mountain peaks begins to brighten,
text: while the dew vanishes from the leaves of the garden's
dialog: beautiful plants.
scene_heading: 7. INT. FRED BALLINGER’S SUITE. DAY
text: Fred is on his stomach on a massage table. An eighteen-year-
text: old girl, incredibly timid, slight, with delicate features,
text: is giving Fred a massage.
text: Lena looks out the window and sees an Asian man sitting at
text: the far end of the garden.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: That guy who levitates is out
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: I’ve been coming here for years.
dialog: He’s never levitated. So, where is
dialog: it you decided to go?
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: Polynesia. For two weeks. Julian
dialog: went overboard, as usual.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: (smiling) You'll be glad to have
dialog: the room all to yourself now. I was
dialog: in your way.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Not at all. You kept me company.
dialog: Mick is working and I get bored.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: You won’t be bored now. I arranged
dialog: the full treatment for you.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: LENA (CONT'D)
dialog: Massage and sauna every day, check-
dialog: ups with the doctor... to help you
dialog: get back in shape.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: At my age, getting back in shape is
dialog: merely a waste of time. I’m going
text: to be even more bored now.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: You're a victim of your own apathy,
dialog: Daddy. Why don’t you go to Venice
dialog: one of these days? You could bring
dialog: flowers to Mummy.
text: Fred doesn’t answer.
text: The masseuse is very discreet, it’s as if she weren’t
dialog: listening.
speaker_heading: LENA (CONT'D)
dialog: By the way, the French write to me
dialog: every day. They’re really insisting
dialog: that you write your memoirs. What
dialog: should I do?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Let them insist.
text: Lena stares at her naked father being massaged. His body is
text: worn with age. A wave of tenderness washes across her face.
text: Sad now, she takes her leave.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: Bye, Daddy, I’1ll call you when we
dialog: get there.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Have fun.
text: Lena wheels her carry-on out of the room.
speaker_heading: MASSEUSE
dialog: (Swiss accent) Would you mind
dialog: turning over on your back, please?
text: Her voice is that of a young girl, which makes her even more
text: charming. Fred turns over, though not without difficulty. The
text: masseuse starts rubbing his arms.
text: His eyes are closed, but he opens one slightly, on the sly,
text: to look at the girl’s face.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: 7A. INT. HOTEL.(VARIOUS SETTINGS). DAY
speaker_heading: 7A/1
text: The day begins at this enormous compound, which is at once a
text: hotel, a spa, a medical center, a sports complex, and a
dialog: physical rehab facility. With established rhythms and well-
dialog: defined schedules.
text: In fact, antique bells ring throughout the hotel, so that the
dialog: guests will not be late for their appointments.
speaker_heading: 7A/2 7A/3
text: Nurses and masseuses, all in uniform, emerge from sterile
text: changing rooms and head to their work stations.
speaker_heading: 7A/4
dialog: Doctors don white coats.
dialog: 7A/5 7A/6 7A/7
text: The guests, most of them elderly, and all of them wearing
text: identical hotel bathrobes, form orderly lines and head to
dialog: their check-ups, or to the swimming pools, saunas, and
dialog: massage rooms.
text: The silent, serene, and sparsely attended activity of a world
text: just set in motion.
speaker_heading: 7A/8
text: The waiters, backlit, clear tables in the breakfast room.
speaker_heading: 7A/9
text: An anorexic cook heads out behind the kitchen. Enjoying the
text: first drag on his cigarette, he stares at the clear blue sky
text: above the mountains.
scene_heading: 8. INT. MASSAGE ROOM. DAY
text: Soporific, new age music pervades the room.
text: In the darkness, relieved only by a sea of candles, Fred is
text: lying on an enormous straw crib, like an eighty-year-old baby
dialog: Jesus.
text: A little Thai man, about fifty, is placing burning black
text: stones on Fred’s body. Fred moans lightly in pain each time
text: one touches his skin.
text: The masseur smiles, then says in halting English.
speaker_heading: MASSEUR
dialog: After pain come pleasure.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
text: And then pain again.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: 9. INT. HOTEL INFIRMARY. DAY
text: A nurse is drawing Fred’s blood.
text: A doctor, about sixty, comes in. He has a nice, kindly face.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: How’s it going, Mr. Ballinger?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: It’s going. I don’t know where, but
dialog: it’s going.
text: The doctor smiles. Then he stops and looks at Fred’s face. He
text: puts his glasses on and examines Fred more attentively.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER (CONT’D)
dialog: My daughter says I’m apathetic. Is
dialog: it that obvious?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (smiles) Would you like to have
dialog: those sunspots removed? We could
text: take them off with a laser.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: No, why?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Because they’re unsightly.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: But they remind me of something
dialog: fundamental.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: That my life is full of spots.
text: The doctor smiles. Fred smiles. The nurse has finished
text: drawing his blood. Fred looks out the window, which frames a
text: spotless mountain peak set against an unbelievably blue sky.
text: Fred is serious now.
scene_heading: 10. INT. MICK BOYLE’S SUITE. DAY
text: The young screenwriters are in the middle of an argument.
text: Mick, immersed in a sea of papers, listens but doesn’t
dialog: intervene.
text: Fred comes in, but no one pays any attention to him. They’re
text: all too embroiled in their argument. So Fred listens
text: impartially.
dialog: 18.
text: They're all talking at once, it’s impossible to make out
text: everything they’re saying, but two of them, arguing fiercely,
text: are louder than the others.
text: Naturally, it’s the boy and the girl who, according to Mick,
dialog: are falling in love.
scene_heading: SCREENWRITER IN LOVE
dialog: You've been watching too many
dialog: movies, you idiot, you’ve forgotten
dialog: what life’s about!
scene_heading: FEMALE SCREENWRITER
dialog: Movies are life! All you know how
dialog: to do is criticize. If you only had
dialog: some inspiration for once.
text: He laughs and claps sarcastically.
text: A shy screenwriter, sitting next to Mick, comments under his
text: breath on their argument.
scene_heading: SHY SCREENWRITER
dialog: Exactly!
scene_heading: SCREENWRITER IN LOVE
dialog: Inspiration?! Didn’t they teach you
dialog: at film school that inspiration
dialog: doesn’t exist? Inspiration’s a lie.
dialog: There’s no such thing as
dialog: inspiration, only fermentation.
scene_heading: SHY SCREENWRITER
dialog: Exactly!
scene_heading: FEMALE SCREENWRITER
dialog: Inspiration exists, alright, you
dialog: just don't recognize it, because
dialog: you have zero talent.
scene_heading: SHY SCREENWRITER
dialog: Exactly!
text: Mick, hearing the contradictory remarks coming from the shy
text: screenwriter sitting next to him, addresses him harshly.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
dialog: Agreeing with everyone?
scene_heading: SHY SCREENWRITER
dialog: Of course! I'm timid and insecure.
dialog: My parents never gave me any
dialog: encouragement. My brother's
dialog: favorite sport was beating me up.
dialog: My sister called me "the failure".
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: SHY SCREENWRITER (CONT'D)
dialog: I've never had a girlfriend, and I
dialog: also have serious doubts about my
dialog: sexual orientation.
text: Mick stifles a laugh.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Stop it! You’re not going to move
dialog: me.
scene_heading: SHY SCREENWRITER
dialog: My aunt has polio.
text: Mick laughs.
scene_heading: SCREENWRITER IN LOVE
dialog: (furious) Don't you dare accuse me
dialog: of having no talent ever again, you
dialog: idiot.
scene_heading: FEMALE SCREENWRITER
dialog: Now’s not the time for
dialog: fermentation, you untalented
dialog: parasite.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: That’s enough, you’re really
dialog: getting on my nerves. We have to
dialog: come up with an ending, and you’re
dialog: wasting time talking philosophy and
dialog: big ideas.
text: Fred joins in.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: But they’re right, Mick. It’s the
dialog: big ideas that give rise to all the
dialog: little ones.
text: Only now do the others realize Fred is there.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Oh, Fred, you’re here. Listen, I
dialog: still have a couple of hours to go
dialog: here, and then I have to talk to
dialog: the doctor. I'll find you after
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Okay.
text: Sad, and also a bit disappointed because no one even
text: commented on his observation, Fred leaves the room, while
text: Mick hounds his screenwriters.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Well? Come on, who’s got an idea
dialog: for the ending?
dialog: 20.
text: Another screenwriter, who hadn’t taken part in the argument,
text: speaks up. He has a long beard and tousled hair: the epitome
text: of a well-educated, ironic young man. As if having a vision,
text: he says dreamily.
scene_heading: INTELLECTUAL SCREENWRITER
text: So he’s on his deathbed, he can
text: barely talk, and he whispers to his
dialog: wife: “Don’t cry, honey. You know
dialog: I’ve always found women who weep
dialog: frivolous and repulsive.”
text: The two who had been fighting exchange a conspiratorial look
text: and start to laugh.
text: The timid, insecure screenwriter thinks for a moment and then
text: says with confidence.
scene_heading: SHY SCREENWRITER
dialog: Nice!
text: Mick throws him a disgusted look, then says.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: What a totally asinine idea. What
dialog: else?
scene_heading: 11. EXT. HOTEL GARDEN. DAY
text: A deep torpor has settled over the hotel guests, as if they'd
text: been anesthetized. The silence is numbing. In the early
text: morning light, we watch a slow swarm of rich Russians drop
text: onto chaise lounges to sunbathe, and a handsome black
text: American family, immobile in the pool.
text: Off to one corner, outdoor massages are available, in the
text: shade of a beautiful canopy. Two teenage boys, in the swirl
text: of a hormonal tempest, are hanging around there, furtively
text: eyeing a beautiful woman who is getting an gentle, oriental
dialog: style massage.
text: Few guests, all of them wealthy.
text: We can make out a pair of parachutists in the distance, set
text: against the crisp, imposing mountains.
text: An elderly couple has dozed off in their electric
dialog: wheelchairs.
text: Their Asian caregivers are as discreet and invisible as mice.
text: A fifty-year old son does gymnastics with his decrepit
dialog: father.
dialog: 21.
text: At the far end of the garden, near the hedges that act as a
text: fence, the obese South American is leaning on a cane and
text: signing autographs for a whole mix of people, all of whom
text: seem bewitched by their hero. His companion at his side. In
text: eternal apprehension, she regulates how much time each person
text: gets with her husband. Someone takes out a cell and snaps a
text: photo on the sly. She is furious and orders a complete
text: moratorium on photos of her husband.
text: Fred Ballinger, wrapped in a white robe and lying on a chaise
text: lounge, sucks on a candy and watches, with resigned interest,
text: the autograph-signing ritual. One hand dangling off the
text: chaise, he rubs the candy wrapper between his fingers, the
text: irregular tempo creating a clear rhythm.
text: Jimmy Tree is stretched out on a chaise lounge next to Fred.
text: He too is studying the South American, but seems more
text: interested in his cane. It’s of briarwood, made to look old,
text: all twisted and full of knots.
text: Jimmy looks around and something else catches his eye: a
text: mother is rubbing suntan lotion on her thirteen-year-old
dialog: daughter.
text: The girl, so pale you can almost see through her, stares at
text: the ground, as if overcome by a pathological timidness. Then,
text: for no apparent reason - she must have gotten nervous - she
text: starts biting her fingernails, practically devouring them.
text: After a while, the mother apparently tells her to stop,
text: because she gets all pissed off, screams at her mother, then
text: gets up and storms off.
text: Jimmy, an unlit cigarette dangling from his lips, studies her
text: like an entomologist.
text: The South American, leaning on his cane and his wife, is
text: coming across the garden. They skirt a deserted tennis court.
text: But his attention is drawn to a particular: a forgotten
text: tennis ball lies in the middle of the court.
scene_heading: 11A. INT.PHARMACY.DAY
text: Fred and Mick stand next to each other at the counter of the
dialog: pharmacy.
text: Fred waits impassively while Mick, glasses perched on the tip
text: of his nose, checks to make sure that the pharmacist is
dialog: getting everything right.
text: The pharmacist places a whole range of drugs on the counter
text: in front of Mick, creating a veritable "mountain" of
dialog: medicine.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST'S VOICE
dialog: That's everything.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Good.
text: Mick turns to Fred, and only now does he realize that his
dialog: friend hasn’t asked for any medicine for himself. We can hear
text: the puzzlement in Mick’s voice as he asks.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t you need anything?
text: So Fred, faking uncertainty, looks around the pharmacy and
text: fixes his gaze on the first shelf he happens to see, which
text: contains a full selection of Bandaids.
text: Fred grabs a random box of Bandaids and puts it on the
text: counter in front of the pharmacist.
text: Mick has observed Fred's actions closely.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT’D)
dialog: What do you need Bandaids for?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: I don’t. I’m getting them out of
dialog: solidarity with you.
text: Mick turns back to his mountain of medicine and speaks in a
text: voice that is halfway between serious and humorous. Barely
text: opening his mouth, he says to himself, but as if he were
text: speaking to Fred.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Fuck you.
text: A wry smile appears on Fred Ballinger's face.
scene_heading: 12. EXT. COUNTRY LANE. DAY
text: Fred and Mick stroll through a meadow in a beautiful valley,
text: with an expanse of trees to the right, and the mountain
text: village to the left.
text: The two friends are chatting.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Why do you think we come here on
dialog: holiday every year?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Because you always want to go back
dialog: to the places that made you happy.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: (smiles) That’s the screenwriter in
dialog: you talking.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: I wish! Actually, it’s John
dialog: Cheever.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Do you remember Gilda?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: The film?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: No, Gilda Black. The Gilda we both
dialog: were in love with.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Gilda Black???
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Gilda Black.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: (laughs) What are you going and
dialog: remembering her for? That was a
dialog: hundred years ago.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: To me it seems like yesterday. I
dialog: would have given twenty years of my
dialog: life to sleep with her.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Well that would have been a pretty
dialog: stupid thing to do! Gilda Black
dialog: wasn’t worth twenty years of your
dialog: life. She wasn’t worth a single
dialog: day.
text: Fred is suddenly incredibly disappointed and also somewhat
text: apprehensive.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: How would you know? Did you sleep
dialog: with her?
text: Mick stammers, he realizes he has put his foot in his mouth.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: What? What did you say?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: You heard me. Sixty years ago you
dialog: swore you never slept with her, out
dialog: of respect for my love for her. But
dialog: now you’ve changed your tune.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Look, I have to confess something.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Fine, go right ahead!
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: The real tragedy -- and believe me,
dialog: it really is a tragedy -- is that I
dialog: can’t even remember if I slept with
dialog: Gilda Black.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Are you serious?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Unfortunately, yes. I swear.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Well then, that changes things.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: If you were sure you'd slept with
dialog: her, our friendship would be over
dialog: right this second. But if you're
dialog: not sure, well, let’s just say...
dialog: that I can live with the
dialog: uncertainty.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Anyway, if I did go to bed with her
dialog: and don’t remember it, that means
dialog: she wasn’t worth twenty years of
dialog: your life, wouldn’t you say?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Well yes, I guess you’re right. So
dialog: Gilda Black is a closed book
dialog: between us.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Good. Have the kids left?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Your son wanted to do it up in
dialog: style: Polynesia.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: I know, he’s a real spendthrift,
dialog: that one. Who knows where he gets
dialog: it from.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Not from you, obviously.
text: Mick laughs. Silence. All of a sudden, Fred seems anxious. He
text: sighs. Mick notices.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: What? Are you still thinking about
dialog: Gilda Black?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: No. I’m thinking about the things
dialog: you forget over time. I don’t
dialog: remember my parents any more. What
dialog: they looked like, how they talked.
dialog: Last night I was watching Lena as
dialog: she slept and I started thinking
dialog: about all those little things,
dialog: thousands of them, that I did for
dialog: her as her father. I did them
dialog: deliberately, so that she would
dialog: remember them when she grew up. But
dialog: in time she won’t remember a single
dialog: one.
text: Mick looks at him but doesn’t know what to say. It’s a
dialog: beautiful moment.
text: Fred meets Mick’s gaze and, with a quickness and vigor that
text: is unusual for him, he grabs his friend’s arm and hisses
dialog: angrily.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER (CONT’D)
text: Tremendous efforts, Mick.
dialog: Tremendous efforts, and all for the
dialog: most modest results. That’s the way
dialog: it always is.
text: Mick is surprised, stunned even.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: This conversation’s getting
dialog: interesting. I need a cigarette. I
dialog: left mine in the hotel, though.
dialog: Wait here, I’m going to go buy
dialog: another pack.
text: Fred nods sadly, as if defeated.
text: Mick heads off toward the village.
text: The silence is broken by a cicada singing. Fred turns toward
text: the sound and, as if in a trance, heads toward it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 12A. EXT. WOODS. DAY
text: Fred is in the middle of the woods, where hundreds of cicadas
text: are singing. Then a strange bird chimes in, making an odd
text: sound, a sordid chirping that can be heard above the cicadas.
text: Fred forgets about the cicadas and heads off in search of the
text: bird, drawn to this new noise.
dialog: 26.
text: He stares up at the trees, hoping to see the mysterious bird.
text: He crosses the woods, is almost at the other side, when a new
text: constellation of sounds is added to the others: cowbells.
text: Fred comes out of the woods and is greeted by a sunny, gently
text: rolling hill. Scattered across it are fifty or so grazing
text: cows, randomly ringing their bells. Fred’s eyes light up at
text: the sight. He sits on a rock and stares.
text: He listens to this superimposition of sounds: cows, bird,
dialog: cicadas.
text: Fred closes his eyes, concentrating now, as the camera slowly
text: zooms in on him.
text: Fred begins to move his hand - gently, gracefully, just like
text: an orchestra director - and, as if by magic, some of the
text: cowbells fall silent. Others keep ringing, but no longer in
text: anarchic fashion. Now they play in some clearly melodic
text: manner. Fred moves his hand again and silences more bells, so
text: that only two keep ringing, sounding alternate notes. Next
text: Fred waves his arm behind him, and the bird comes in. Then he
text: sweeps both arms wide, inviting the chorus to join in:
text: hundreds of cicadas accompany the bird solo and the cowbell
text: countermelody. A symphony of nature. Fred’s eyes are still
text: closed, he is smiling to himself.
text: The camera has zoomed in to a close-up of Fred’s face. For
text: the first time, he looks happy.
text: Mentally selecting the sounds nature offers him, he is doing
text: something amazing. He is composing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 12B. EXT. MEADOW. DAY
text: Mick returns to the spot where
text: but there’s no sign of him. He
text: As he does so, his eye catches
text: fence in the distance. A white
dialog: So Mick does the only thing he
text: he left Fred. He looks around,
text: lights a cigarette.
text: something moving behind a
dialog: horse.
dialog: knows how to do: he makes a
text: frame with his hands, the way directors do, to simulate the
text: viewfinder of a movie camera. He closes one eye and with the
text: frame of his hands he follows,
text: in a panoramic shot, the
text: movement of the beautiful white horse.
scene_heading: 13. INT./EXT. HOTEL. DAY
text: A pedestrian bridge leads from the back of the hotel to the
text: mountains. About a dozen staff
text: - waiters, cooks, and nurses —
text: have congregated here, enjoying their break.
dialog: 27.
text: They're all smoking, chatting, horsing around; this is their
text: time to relax. All except for one girl, who keeps to herself.
text: She smokes too, but doesn’t talk to anyone. She seems
text: melancholy. She is leaning over the railing, staring down
text: below, but without really seeing anything. It’s the masseuse
dialog: we saw in Fred's room.
text: Fred is a hotel hallway, standing at a window that looks out
text: onto the bridge. His face too is veiled in melancholy as he
text: stares at the lonely masseuse who smokes and stares.
text: The sound of that violin, still practicing that same
text: exercise, catches Fred’s attention. Off he goes, searching
dialog: for the source.
scene_heading: 14. INT. HOTEL HALLWAY / ROOM. DAY
text: Fred moves cautiously down the deserted hallway. The violin
text: can be heard more clearly now. He runs into the sixty-year-
text: old doctor with the kindly face, followed by two nurses. Fred
text: and the doctor nod in greeting.
text: Fred comes upon a room, the door open. The chambermaid is
text: just finishing tidying up, and at the far end, standing in
text: front of a mirror with a musical score open in front of him,
text: a twelve-year-old boy is practicing those same two notes,
text: over and over and over.
text: The chambermaid leaves, pushing her cleaning cart through the
dialog: door.
text: Fred instinctively steps into the room. He watches the boy
text: play. The child senses someone's presence and turns to look
dialog: at Fred.
text: Fred smiles at him. The boy smiles back.
text: Fred is a little worked up.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Do you know who composed the piece
dialog: you're practicing?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: No, who?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Me.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: I don’t believe you. What’s it
dialog: called?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: It’s called “Simple Song No.3.”
text: The boy checks the title on the cover of his score.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: You're right. And what’s the
dialog: composer’s name?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Fred Ballinger.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: And you, what’s your name?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Fred Ballinger. You can check at
dialog: the front desk. I’m staying here.
text: The boy is surprised now.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Incredible.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Yeah, it is incredible.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: My teacher makes me play it, he
dialog: says it’s a perfect piece to start
dialog: with.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: He’s right. Because it’s simple.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: But it’s not merely simple.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: It’s not?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: No, it’s also really beautiful.
text: Fred, cold and impassive, instinctively lets something "hot"
dialog: slip.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Yes, it is beautiful. Because I
dialog: composed it when I still loved.
text: The boy seems not to understand what Fred means, so simply
text: starts practicing again.
text: Fred listens for a while, then interrupts him.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER (CONT’D)
dialog: May I do something while you play?
text: The boy nods uncertainly.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (doubtful) Okay.
dialog: 29.
text: He starts playing again.
text: Fred steps timidly into the room and shuffles over to the
text: boy, who keeps on playing. Fred stretches out his hand and
text: touches the boy’s arm, the one holding the bow. He raises the
text: boy's elbow an inch, correcting his position.
text: That’s all. Fred is relieved.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: There.
scene_heading: 15. INT. HOTEL RESTAURANT. EVENING
text: The lugubrious silence of the rich as they dine. The only
text: sound is the tinkling of silverware.
text: The Russians are there, the black family, and droves of
dialog: elderly guests.
text: Many eyes are irresistibly drawn to the table where the
text: famous, obese South American dines in silence with his wife.
text: At another table, a twenty-year-old kid can’t resist the
text: temptation to take a picture. He discreetly positions his
text: iPhone. The obese South American, who realizes what the kid
text: is doing, merely nods wearily to his wife. She understands
text: immediately, gets up, and goes to get a screen from behind a
text: column. She places the screen between her husband and the
text: rest of the room, angling it so as to block the young man’s
text: view. Then she disappears behind it.
text: Jimmy Tree is eating alone and has followed the scene that
text: has just unfolded with utmost concentration.
text: Another guest is observing the scene too, a giant of a man,
text: about fifty, with a thick beard, disheveled hair, and dressed
text: in trekking gear. He looks like a belated hippy. Tucking his
text: cloth napkin into his shirt, he tackles a bowl of broth.
text: The obese South American has finished eating, and now crosses
text: the dining room. He moves with considerable effort, leaning
text: on his cane and his companion. As he goes by, all the guests
text: look at him again out the corners of their eyes.
text: But Jimmy’s attention is still focused on his briarwood cane.
text: At another table, Fred and Mick.
text: They obsessively observe a very distinguished, German-looking
text: couple, around sixty years old: husband and wife are dressed
text: alike, in brown and beige, clearly not by chance. They both
text: look incredibly bored and stare into space, not exchanging a
dialog: single word.
text: Fred and Mick chat, but never take their eyes off the silent
dialog: couple.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: So where did you disappear to
dialog: today?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: I got lost following the sounds in
dialog: the countryside.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Didn’t you used to get lost in your
dialog: music too?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Everything one hears is music.
dialog: Stockhausen. What did you get up
dialog: to?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: I couldn't find you, so I went to
dialog: see my doctor friend. They’re going
dialog: to talk tonight, you’ll see.
text: The married couple still hasn’t said a word.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Thirty Swiss francs says they won’t
dialog: say a word the entire dinner.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: I’m so sure they’re going to talk,
dialog: I'll raise you to fifty.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Done.
text: The couple is about to leave. He graciously pulls her chair
text: out for her. She takes his arm. They leave the dining room,
text: and Fred and Mick follow them with their gaze all the way to
text: the door. The couple still doesn’t speak.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER (CONT’D)
dialog: Including your losses these past
dialog: few days, we’re up to 250 Swiss
dialog: francs that you owe me.
text: Fred blows his nose, then rubs the tip four times with his
text: handkerchief, folds it, and puts it back in his pocket.
text: Mick Boyle runs his hand over his hair.
text: Jimmy Tree has been studying their every move from his
dialog: solitary table.
scene_heading: 16. EXT. HOTEL GARDEN. NIGHT
text: A swing band is trying to liven up the evening with an upbeat
text: number that only ends up making people feel sentimental.
dialog: 31.
text: Four old men in electric wheelchairs are gathered around a
text: small table, absorbed in a card game.
text: A handful of energetic types sway awkwardly on the dance
dialog: floor.
text: A Russian and his wife twirl around in a sweat, as if they
text: were in a dance competition. He dips her and she laughs.
text: Jimmy Tree, incongruous in his sunglasses, is in a corner,
text: chatting with a small group of people, including Mark
dialog: Kozelek.
speaker_heading: MARK KOZELEK
dialog: When did you go to dinner?
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: Pretty early.
speaker_heading: MARK KOZELEK
dialog: I would have joined you if you'd
dialog: called me.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: Just as well. I didn’t just eat at
dialog: dinner.
speaker_heading: MARK KOZELEK
dialog: What else did you do?
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: I worked.
text: Mick and Fred, at another table, gaze distractedly at the
text: gloomy evening.
text: The upbeat song ends and the band starts in on a slow number.
text: Couples form.
text: The eternally mute couple makes its way to the dance floor.
text: They dance with conviction, but still don’t say a word, don’t
text: even look at each other. She keeps her inexpressive eyes on
text: Jimmy Tree. He realizes it, lowers his sunglasses and smiles
text: courteously at her. She doesn’t return the smile. She doesn’t
dialog: react at all. Her husband has followed the whole thing, a
text: severe, jealous expression on his face.
text: The hippy mountaineer, sad and solitary, watches the swing
text: band and sips his herbal tea. It’s so hot it burns his lips.
text: He lets out a quick but intense groan, which no one hears.
text: Mick and Fred give in to a brief, tragic exchange.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Today?
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Nothing today. You?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Let’s hope we can piss tomorrow.
text: With enormous effort, the obese South American makes his way
text: to the center of the dance floor, leaning on his cane. He
text: smiles and holds out his hand, inviting his wife to dance.
text: She beams and runs to join him. They dance for all of ten
text: seconds, during which he struggles against his own body, his
text: legs ruined by his weight. Then he stops, completely
text: exhausted. His companion grows anxious and gestures for
text: assistance. Two dutiful waiters carry a chair onto the dance
text: floor, and the South American collapses in it, as if finally
text: able to breathe again.
text: Everyone observes the happenings with a grave air.
text: Fred and Mick watch as well. Fred blows his nose in his
text: ritual fashion. Mick, referring to the South American, says:
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: That man is the last true authentic
text: myth on the face of the planet.
dialog: Like in ancient Greece. If it were
dialog: anybody else, we would have laughed
text: at this little scene. But not him.
dialog: No one is laughing. And do you know
dialog: why?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: No, why?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Because a myth leaves no room for
dialog: the ridiculous.
scene_heading: 17. INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR. NIGHT
text: Fred walks down the hallway, away from us. He is overtaken by
text: an old man in an electric wheelchair. When the man gets to
text: the far end of the hallway, he crashes into another
text: wheelchair, which emerges from the hallway to the right. A
text: minor wheelchair accident. An altercation ensues over matters
dialog: of priority, who has the right of way, and what determines
text: careless driving.
text: Fred watches the whole thing without batting an eye. He puts
text: his key in the door and disappears into his room.
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: 18. INT. FRED BALLINGER’S SUITE. NIGHT
text: Fred is in his room, getting undressed. He’s taking off his
text: shirt when he hears an inexplicable, muffled lament coming
text: from the bathroom. He shuffles over to the bathroom door and
text: opens it. His daughter Lena is sitting on the edge of the
text: tub, drowning in tears.
text: It goes without saying that Fred is surprised and, at least
text: for a second, speechless. Then:
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: Lena doesn’t answer, she just goes on weeping.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER (CONT’D)
dialog: Aren’t you supposed to be on a
dialog: plane to Polynesia?
text: She cries some more.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER (CONT’D)
dialog: Where’s Julian?
text: Whatever it is she says sounds like the cry of some strange
text: animal. Impossible to understand. She goes back to crying.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER (CONT’D)
dialog: Well, aren’t you going to answer
dialog: me?
text: But she doesn’t answer him. She can’t. Because she needs to
dialog: cry.
scene_heading: 19. INT. MICK BOYLE’S SUITE. NIGHT
text: Mick Boyle, fully dressed, is lying on his bed, which is
text: covered in papers and computers, talking merrily on the
dialog: phone.
text: His young screen writers are all pacing the room, eyes
text: trained on Mick, eager to know the outcome of his phone
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: That’s great, Nick. I’m glad you
dialog: like the second draft... Sure,
dialog: we'll work some more on the ending,
dialog: we're not totally happy with it
dialog: either... I talked to Brenda.
dialog: Everything’s all set... Yes, of
dialog: course, she can’t wait. When is she
dialog: ever going to get offered a part
dialog: like this again, at her age!...
dialog: Yeah, I know she’s capricious, but
dialog: she behaves with me.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT'D)
dialog: She always says I’m the best when
dialog: it comes to actresses, that I’m the
dialog: only one in the world who knows how
dialog: to direct her. So, if it’s okay
dialog: with you, I'd like to start
dialog: scouting out locations next
dialog: month... perfect. Great... yeah,
dialog: bye.
text: The screenwriters, pleased with what they hear, grin and pat
text: each other on the back.
text: Mick puts down the phone and looks up.
text: Only now do we discover the presence of Fred Ballinger
text: sitting impassively in a chair.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT’D)
dialog: What happened to you? You look like
dialog: you just came from a funeral.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Your son left my daughter.
scene_heading: FEMALE SCREENWRITER
dialog: Fuck!
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
text: They were boarding the plane for
dialog: Polynesia, and right there in the
text: tunnel he stops and tells her he’s
text: fallen in love with another woman.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Nothing like being in a tunnel to
dialog: make you feel you're in a tunnel.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: (ironic) How profound! You're quite
dialog: the magician of metaphor.
text: The screenwriters snigger.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: And then he took this other woman
dialog: on vacation?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: It seems he at least had the good
dialog: taste not to do that. At least not
dialog: yet.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: And Lena?
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
text: Lena’s in my room, crying her eyes
dialog: out. I’ve never seen anybody cry so
dialog: much my whole life. I didn’t think
dialog: it was possible to cry that much.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: I read in some magazine once that
dialog: tear ducts can produce tears for
text: three days without stopping.
scene_heading: SHY SCREENWRITER
dialog: I heard that too, but on a BBC
dialog: documentary.
scene_heading: INTELLECTUAL SCREENWRITER
text: He’s on his deathbed, and he says
dialog: to her, "Let's watch one last BBC
dialog: documentary together, darling."
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Knock it off, guys.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: I don’t know if it’s true, though,
dialog: this thing about the tear ducts. It
dialog: was in one of those popular
dialog: magazines, they have a tendency to
dialog: exaggerate, you know, better for
dialog: sales.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: I think we’re getting off track.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: I think you’re right. Julian’s such
dialog: a shit. Just like his mother.
dialog: Remember? I idolized her, but she
dialog: was busy idolizing electricians and
dialog: grips.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: She idolized everyone, Mick.
scene_heading: FEMALE SCREENWRITER
dialog: (smiling) Ecumenicalism is a noble
dialog: ideal.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: (with staged anger)
dialog: Ecumenicalism??? My best friend is
dialog: telling me that my ex-wife was
dialog: sleeping with everyone, and all
dialog: these years he never said a word!
dialog: Do you get how serious this is?
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: And you never told me about Gilda
dialog: Black.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Ok, I get it. Now that you’ve had
dialog: your little revenge, can we be
dialog: serious? I’m going to call that
dialog: shithead son of mine.
text: Mick grabs the phone again and dials.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: What are you going to do? You
dialog: really think you can convince him
dialog: to get back together with Lena?
dialog: It’s hopeless.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: No, but I want to at least know
dialog: what happened.
text: His son must have said “hello” on the other end of the line,
text: because Mick starts in on him, his tone severe.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT’D)
dialog: Julian, this is your father, even
dialog: though at this point, based on the
dialog: evidence, I’m not so sure you are
dialog: my son.
text: The intellectual screenwriter gestures to the shy one to take
dialog: notes.
scene_heading: INTELLECTUAL SCREENWRITER
dialog: Take notes. We can use this in the
dialog: film.
scene_heading: 20. INT. DINING ROOM. HOTEL. DAY
text: It’s late for breakfast. Some of the waiters are already
text: setting up for lunch.
text: The only guests at this hour are the eternally silent couple.
text: They finish their breakfast, then get up and leave,
text: maintaining their strict silence the whole while.
text: Mick and Fred follow them with their eyes, and when they
text: disappear from view, Mick, with a mechanical gesture, hands
dialog: Fred fifty Swiss francs.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: How are you always so sure they’re
dialog: not going to speak?
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Because I know something about
dialog: them, the waiter told me.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: I can’t tell you, it’s my advantage
dialog: over you.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Tell me right this minute. Besides,
dialog: I can always get the waiter to tell
dialog: me too, a little bribe... I’ve
dialog: thrown so much money away over this
dialog: story already...
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Alright then, I’11 tell you:
dialog: they’re mute.
text: Mick starts.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: You little shit! Give me back my
dialog: money, all of it. You’re a cheat.
text: All bets are off.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: You are so gullible! I was joking,
dialog: Mick, they’re not mute.
text: Their conversation is interrupted by a silent apparition at
text: the far end of the dining room: a forty-year-old man,
text: impeccably dressed in jacket and tie, followed by a plump
text: woman who is, by all appearances, his secretary, an anonymous—
text: looking woman of about forty, unkempt, hair pulled back any
dialog: old way, no makeup, decent but inexpensive clothes.
text: Mick and Fred glare at the man who makes his way toward them.
text: Without even looking at her, he hands his secretary his cell
text: phone, and she slips it into a men’s leather briefcase.
text: They cross the dining room together. The man stops at Fred
text: and Mick's table. The secretary keeps a few feet back and
text: starts fiddling with her phone, checking e-mails.
text: Mick looks at the man. By now it’s clear that this is his son
text: Julian. Stunningly handsome, classic good looks, perfect.
text: Confident and proud, Julian holds his father’s gaze. Fred's
text: eyes ping-pong from one to the other.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: What the hell is going on?
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: It’s really rather banal, dad. I
text: fell in love with another woman.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Who's all of eighteen, right?
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: No dad, she’s not eighteen. She’s
dialog: thirty. A reasonable age.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Well, however old she is, you’ve
dialog: really fucked up.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: That’s your opinion.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Yes, that is my opinion. Lena is an
dialog: extraordinary woman. At this point
dialog: I realize, of course, that she’s
dialog: wasted on you. She’s far too
dialog: intelligent for you.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: Perhaps. But why did you make me
dialog: come? I’m not about to change my
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: That’s what everyone says, at
text: first. Then they end up begging
dialog: their spouse to take them back. I
dialog: can’t tell you how many times I’ve
dialog: seen it...
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: Mom left you and she never begged
dialog: you to take her back.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: (to Fred) What did I tell you? You
dialog: see now where he gets it from, this
dialog: asshole?
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: So in your opinion, a man’s an
dialog: asshole because, even if he didn’t
dialog: want to, even if he tried like
dialog: crazy to stay with his wife, even
dialog: if he booked them a dream vacation,
text: he realizes he just can’t go
dialog: through with it because he has
text: fallen hopelessly in love with
dialog: another woman?
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Just like your mother!
text: Melodramatic, hyperbolic, and
dialog: completely idiotic.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: Thanks, Dad.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: (explodes) Well then, are we
dialog: allowed to know who this whore
dialog: you've fallen in love with is?
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Me.
text: Fred and Mick go white. They lean forward. We’d nearly
text: forgotten about the nondescript secretary standing behind
text: Julian, but it was she who spoke. She takes a step forward
text: and reaffirms in a dignified manner:
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: I am the woman Julian has lost his
dialog: head for. We’re getting married as
text: soon as his divorce is finalized.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: Precisely.
text: Fred's and Mick’s jaws drop. Stunned in disbelief, they just
text: gape at her, at a loss for words.
text: The woman stands close to Julian. They put their arms around
text: each other. He is gorgeous, as handsome as George Clooney.
dialog: She just the opposite.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: And who the fuck are you?
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: My name is Paloma Faith. And I’m
dialog: not a whore. I’m a singer.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: (proud) We work together. I'm
dialog: producing her next album.
text: Mick recovers a grain of sense and says:
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Excuse me, Miss, but could you
dialog: leave us alone for a moment? My
dialog: son’s father-in-law and I need to
dialog: have a word in private with Julian.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: PALOMA FAITH
dialog: Okay, but not for long. We can't
dialog: stand being apart from each other
text: for more than five minutes.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Very kind of you, dear, but don't
dialog: worry, I'll only need a minute to
dialog: fathom my son's psychology.
text: The woman walks away, her gait ackward and ungainly.
text: Fred and Mick follow her with their eyes and wait until she
text: has left the dining room before they turn to meet Julian’s
text: proud, impassive gaze.
text: Mick seems sincere now. He truly wants to fathom the mystery
dialog: of the human condition.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT’D)
dialog: Forgive me, Julian, but I’m trying
dialog: to understand. It may be banal, and
dialog: maybe I’m too old to understand,
dialog: but you have to explain something
dialog: to me: Lena is a beautiful woman, a
dialog: dream. And this one here is the
dialog: most insignificant woman on the
dialog: face of the planet. In short, I
dialog: mean, but you, what the fuck do you
dialog: see in her?
text: Julian is ill at ease for the first time. He sighs, looks
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: You really want to know?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Yes, Julian, I really want to know.
text: Julian takes his time. He checks to make sure his secretary
text: is not in the room, then turns and looks at his father and
dialog: says all in one breath:
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: She's really good in bed.
text: Mick and Fred are really at a loss for words now.
scene_heading: 21. EXT. COUNTRY LANE. DAY
text: Fred and Lena walk through that beautiful valley.
text: Proud and serious, she stares into the distance.
dialog: 4l.
text: He is ill at ease and doesn’t know what to say. He’s
text: distracted by the sound of a bird that suddenly starts to
text: sing when Lena calls him back to reality.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: So who is this bitch?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Somebody by the name of Paloma
dialog: Faith.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: And what does she do?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: The most obscene thing in the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: She's a prostitute?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Worse. She’s a pop star.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: And what did Julian say?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: I already told you.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: Not really. All you did was babble
text: incomprehensibly.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Julian was the one who was
text: babbling. He’s not all there in the
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: It doesn’t seem that way to me. He
dialog: must have made twenty decisions in
dialog: two hours. He moved out. He rented
text: an apartment. He spoke with a
dialog: divorce lawyer. That doesn’t seem
dialog: like a confused man to me. You keep
dialog: telling me this woman is ugly and
dialog: insignificant, so what does he see
dialog: in her that he didn’t in me?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: How should I know?
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: You told me Mick asked him.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Did I?
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: Yes, that’s what you said. So what
dialog: was Julian’s response?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: You know, Lena, I don’t remember.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: You're really pissing me off,
dialog: daddy. You remember perfectly well,
dialog: and you’re hopeless at telling
dialog: lies. What did he say?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: I really don’t remember, I swear.
text: He must have mumbled something
dialog: idiotic.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: If you don’t tell me, I swear I'll
dialog: scream right here and now. What did
dialog: he say? What the fuck does this
dialog: woman have - at least according to
dialog: Julian - that I don’t? I want to
dialog: know what he said! I want to know.
text: Fred stops. He can’t stand it any more. He sighs deeply. And
text: decides to tell her what she wants to know.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: He said she’s good in bed.
text: Lena turns to stone. Her face tightens, sours nastily. With a
text: savage coldness, she says to her father.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: You didn’t have to tell me.
text: And she storms off, leaving her father alone in the middle of
text: the valley as the two notes the little boy had played return,
text: not on a violin now, but on a gloomy double bass.
scene_heading: 21A. INT. WELLNESS CENTER (VARIOUS SETTINGS). DAY
speaker_heading: 21A/1
text: Those two gloomy notes hover in the steam of the Turkish
text: baths and saunas, where backlit, naked bodies of all ages
text: look lifeless, abandoned to the heat and sweat.
text: Toned, gleaming bodies, ample, round bodies, old, worn-out
dialog: bodies. This is the work of wellness. This is how some people
dialog: try to prolong the future or awkwardly pursue a youthful
dialog: past.
speaker_heading: 21A/2 21A/3
text: And then, more bodies, eyes closed, buried in tubs, wrapped
text: in herbs and mud. Like living meadows.
dialog: 43.
text: Motionless still lifes, while the double bass plays
text: discreetly, without ever moving away from those two simple
dialog: notes.
scene_heading: 22. INT. MASSAGE ROOM. DAY
text: Candles, incense, shadows.
text: And the two double bass notes, to which is now added a slight
dialog: variation.
text: Fred and Lena are lying on their backs on marble benches.
text: Naked, but completely covered in dark mud.
text: They look like they’ve been petrified in some volcanic
text: eruption. Their eyes are the only part of them not covered in
text: mud. They stare lifelessly at the ceiling, on which a soft
text: and hypnotic light plays.
text: Fred, rather awkwardly, is trying to be fatherly.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Believe me, Lena, I can understand
dialog: you, really, I can.
text: Silence. Lena doesn’t respond. But when she does, she is
text: lucid, furious, and ruthless.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: You can understand me, Daddy? Like
dialog: hell you can! Mummy would have been
dialog: able to understand me. Mummy found
dialog: herself with you in the same
dialog: situation I'm in now, not once but
dialog: dozens of times. And she always
dialog: pretended not to know. You had a
dialog: stream of women, but she just kept
dialog: going. Not just for us children,
dialog: but also, above all, for you. She
dialog: loved you and so she forgave you.
dialog: No matter what happened, she still
dialog: wanted to be with you. But who were
dialog: you? Who? That’s what I always
dialog: asked myself. You never gave
dialog: anything, not to her, not to me,
dialog: nothing. You gave everything to
dialog: your music. Music, music, music!
dialog: There was nothing else in your
text: life. Only music. And aridness.
dialog: Never a caress, never a hug, a
dialog: kiss, nothing. You never knew
dialog: anything about your children. You
dialog: never knew if we were suffering, if
dialog: we were happy. Nothing. Everything
text: was on mummy’s shoulders.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: LENA (CONT'D)
dialog: At home, all you’d ever say to her
dialog: were two words: “Quiet, Melanie.”
dialog: And mummy would explain to us,
dialog: “Quiet, daddy’s composing,” “Quiet,
dialog: daddy's resting, he has a concert
dialog: tonight,” “Quiet, daddy is talking
dialog: on the phone with someone
dialog: important.” “Quiet, daddy has
text: Stravinsky coming to the house
dialog: today.” You wanted to be
dialog: Stravinsky, but you didn't have a
text: single drop of his genius.
dialog: "Quiet, Melanie!", was all you knew
dialog: how to say.
dialog: You never knew the first thing
dialog: about my mother!
dialog: You never bothered to take care of
dialog: her. And even now, you haven’t
dialog: brought her flowers for ten years.
dialog: And then that letter! You think
dialog: mummy never read it? Well, you're
dialog: wrong. She found it and she read
dialog: it. And I read it too. You probably
dialog: don’t even remember that letter,
dialog: but we do. The letter in which you
dialog: declared your love for another man.
dialog: Mummy had to endure that
dialog: humiliation too. “My necessary
dialog: experimentation in sexual matters,”
dialog: as you put it. So your musical
dialog: experimentation wasn’t enough for
dialog: you, you had to experiment with
dialog: homosexuality too! And you didn’t
dialog: give a fuck about all the anguish
dialog: you caused her. So don’t come
dialog: telling me that you can understand,
dialog: because you don’t understand a
dialog: fucking thing.
text: She's done. Silence. Fred doesn’t say a word. They just lie
text: there, buried in mud, staring at the ceiling.
text: The double bass notes are done as well.
scene_heading: 23. INT. HOTEL GYM. DAY
text: One entire wall is set up for free climbing.
text: The hippy mountaineer is at the top of the wall, thirty feet
text: up, hanging by one hand, dangling in the air without a safety
text: rope, with an admirable casualness.
text: He addresses that pale, thirteen-year-old girl we saw
text: earlier. She stands down below, near the base of the wall.
text: She hasn't even climbed an inch. The mountaineer speaks
text: sweetly from up above.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: MOUNTAINEER
dialog: Come on, Frances, give it a try.
text: The girl looks up at him but doesn’t say a word. She’s still
text: biting her nails.
speaker_heading: MOUNTAINEER (CONT’D)
dialog: Wouldn’t you like to come see what
dialog: the world looks like from up here?
text: The girl looks at him and nods.
speaker_heading: MOUNTAINEER (CONT’D)
dialog: Good, now give it a go.
text: The girl shakes her head no.
speaker_heading: MOUNTAINEER (CONT’D)
dialog: Ok, wait there.
text: In three swift moves, the mountaineer is back at her side.
speaker_heading: MOUNTAINEER (CONT’D)
text: Climb on my shoulders.
text: The girl gets onto his huge shoulders. He starts climbing
text: confidently, easily, as if he were carrying a knapsack
text: instead of a human being.
speaker_heading: MOUNTAINEER (CONT’D)
dialog: Ok, now, as we climb, look down.
dialog: See how beautiful the world is from
dialog: up here?
text: The girl, clinging to his shoulders, turns and looks down.
text: And from high up on the wall she spots someone standing at
text: the door to the gym, looking up at them. It’s Lena.
text: So the girl “knocks” on the mountaineer’s shoulder, inviting
text: him to turn. He looks down, but Lena’s not there. She has
dialog: already disappeared.
scene_heading: 24. EXT./INT. HOTEL GARDEN/MASSEUSE’S ROOM. DAY
text: We're in a different garden now, more isolated, further away
text: from the hotel, one that abuts the building where the staff
text: lives. Guests never come here. The main hotel seems far away.
text: In the center of the garden are abundant rose bushes,
text: fountains, even a fake little stream. All laid out - rather
text: clumsily - to resemble a lush, lyrical garden of Eden.
dialog: As we said, there’s no one here. No, wait - there’s Fred.
text: He’s sitting on a bench staring at the fake little stream,
text: sucking on a candy. His eyes are so laden with melancholy it
text: would be impossible for them to look any sadder. He seems
text: dazed, absent, lost in thought.
dialog: 46.
text: All of a sudden he rouses himself. He blows his nose, quickly
text: rubs the tip four times with his handkerchief, folds it, and
text: puts it back in his pocket.
text: As he puts his handkerchief away, his eye is drawn to
text: something in a ground-floor window: his tiny, timid masseuse,
text: in shorts and a T-shirt, is dancing, moving gracefully in
text: front of a TV. She’s playing a Kinect game. A stylized female
text: figurine on the TV screen demonstrates the moves for her.
text: It’s marvelous and moving to see this petite girl dance. And
text: with such incongruous intensity. She’s all sweaty, her hair
text: plastered to her forehead and temples.
text: Fred watches her while his hand instinctively, rhythmically
text: rubs a candy wrapper.
text: Fred doesn’t notice that there’s another man there, behind
text: him, wrapped in a white robe. He’s watching the girl dance
text: too. It’s Jimmy Tree, the American actor.
scene_heading: 25. INT. HOTEL RESTAURANT. EVENING
text: Lots of people at dinner. Still that cavernous silence.
text: Fred and Mick stare at the silent German couple, in matching
dialog: tonalities today too, a blue theme this time.
text: Lena enters the dining room. She has abandoned her simple,
text: sober look and is wearing a highly provocative dress and has
text: a new, very flattering hairstyle.
text: A wave of nostalgia floods Mick’s heart.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: You remind me of Brenda Morel when
dialog: she was thirty. When she made "At
dialog: James' house" with me. You should
dialog: dress this way all the time, Lena.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: From now on that's exactly what I’m
dialog: going to do.
text: Fred follows Lena with her eyes, but she deliberately avoids
text: looking at him and takes her seat at the table.
text: The mountaineer, seated at another table, can’t help but
text: notice how beautiful Lena is. His eyes light up, but then
text: grow dull again, as if he’s been defeated even before he
text: begins. Dejected, he puts down his spoon and stops eating.
text: Mark Kozelek and his other friends have joined Jimmy at his
text: table. They’re all talking, in groups of two, all except for
text: Jimmy. He’s fixated on the mountaineer and Lena, and doesn’t
text: miss a thing of what is unfolding between them.
dialog: 47.
text: Then, all of a sudden, something unbelievable happens.
text: The German woman gets up calmly and slaps her husband so hard
text: he nearly falls out of his chair.
text: It goes without saying that everyone turns and gapes in
dialog: astonishment.
text: The woman walks out of the dining room in the most dignified
dialog: manner imaginable.
text: Mick’s, Fred's and Lena’s jaws drop. Stunned, they follow the
dialog: whole thing.
text: Everyone at Jimmy Tree's table starts snickering. All but
text: Jimmy, that is. He too follows the scene open-mouthed.
text: The slapped husband seems indifferent to their stares. He
text: simply returns to his meal, calmly eating his cream of
dialog: mushroom soup.
text: The obese South American, supported by his wife, gets up from
text: his table and slowly makes his way toward the dining room
text: door. But when he gets to the table of the slapped husband,
text: he stops. The elderly German lifts his eyes to the obese
dialog: South American, who does two things: first he smiles
text: slightly, and then he caresses the German’s cheek with his
text: pudgy hand. The elderly man looks at him gratefully, and
text: tries to return the smile. The South American walks away amid
text: the deadly silence that has descended over the room.
text: The camera finds Jimmy Tree. He has followed everything,
dialog: naturally, and is really moved.
scene_heading: 26. EXT. HOTEL GARDEN. NIGHT
text: One of those little stages has been set up in the garden,
text: opposite the pool. A local singer - an elegant woman, about
text: fifty years old - is performing, accompanied by three
dialog: musicians.
text: The hotel guests are scattered about on lawn furniture,
text: enjoying the beautiful concert.
text: Fred, Mick, and Lena are at one table, listening to the
text: singer's splendid rendition of “Lili Marleen.”
text: Jimmy Tree stands and listens too, completely enraptured. A
text: serious, concentrated look on his face, he whispers the
text: German lyrics, which he knows by heart.
text: Then he senses a presence to his left. Jimmy turns. The
text: silent German woman is looking at him, her hand extended, as
text: if inviting him to dance. He smiles at her and steps closer.
text: They begin to dance slowly.
dialog: 48.
text: The German woman’s husband, sitting at a table, is a bundle
text: of anger, he is devoured by jealousy.
text: Fred and Mick are dying of curiosity. They stare at Jimmy and
text: the woman as they dance.
text: Jimmy murmurs something in her ear, not trying to be
dialog: seductive though.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: What lovely perfume you’re
dialog: wearing... What is it?
text: Mick and Fred wait for the woman to speak.
text: The German woman, embarrassed, doesn’t respond, but holds him
text: a little tighter. Jimmy holds her tighter too and, as he
text: dances, he lets himself go, closing his eyes.
text: From their table, Kozelek and his friends stare intently at
dialog: Jimmy.
text: The hippy mountaineer pretends rather awkwardly that he just
text: happens to be passing by, but it’s clear that he is taking a
text: tortuous path in order to look at Lena. She doesn’t even
text: notice him. He is so overcome with emotion that, despite
text: being an expert climber, he trips on a table leg, but doesn’t
dialog: fall.
text: “Lili Marleen” is over. The German woman smiles at Jimmy and
text: he smiles back. They move apart.
text: She returns to her husband’s table. He glares ferociously at
text: her. She feels his eyes on her but avoids his gaze.
text: Jimmy approaches Fred carrying a herbal tea. He sits down
text: next to him. Their smiles convey a shared warmth.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Is that straight herbal tea or is
dialog: it mixed with a gin and tonic?
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: Straight tea. I'm trying to be
dialog: good.
text: Fred smiles.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Too bad!
text: He blows his nose in his usual manner. Jimmy observes him.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER (CONT’D)
dialog: How’s the work on your character
dialog: going?
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: So so... pretty well, actually.
dialog: I’ve come up with some interesting
dialog: details.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: This morning, that girl dancing all
dialog: by herself. I saw her too. It
dialog: was... it was....
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: ... unforgettable.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: Yes. That’s exactly the word:
text: unforgettable.
text: Jimmy finishes his herbal tea and takes his leave with a
text: playful military salute. Fred smiles at him. But Lena wipes
text: the smile off his face when she says.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: Maybe the problem is that Julian
dialog: and I never had children.
text: Fred turns and looks at her. Serious now.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: I don’t know what the problem is.
dialog: I’m not going to try and cheer you
dialog: up by telling you lies or talking
dialog: about things I’ve never understood.
dialog: You're right: all I understand is
dialog: music. And do you know why? Because
dialog: music doesn’t need words or
dialog: experience to be understood. It
dialog: just is. Your mother would have
dialog: understood you. I can’t.
dialog: But your mother's not here.
text: They look at each other without saying another word.
scene_heading: 26A. INT. HOTEL RESTAURANT. NIGHT
text: The elegant woman who sang "Lili Marleen" is the only person
text: in the otherwise deserted restaurant. Wearing an evening gown
text: and showing us her ancient and noble profile, she is sitting
text: at one of the tables. Eyes lowered, with the concentration of
text: a starving animal, she devours a chicken leg with her hands.
text: Suddenly she stops eating and looks up, gazing vacantly into
text: space. A fixed, sterile stare. At that very moment a verse
text: she had sung from "Lili Marleen" echoes in her head, a
text: cappella. She lowers her eyes to the chicken leg and the song
text: stops. She starts eating again, as voracious as before.
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: 26B. EXT. HOTEL GARDEN. NIGHT
text: It’s late. The garden where the little concerts are held is
text: deserted. Only Fred Ballinger is still there. He has fallen
text: asleep in a chair, as in the opening scene of the film. The
text: lights are low and the wind is blowing. Fred opens his eyes
text: and sees that a dozen rocking chairs, scattered around the
text: garden, are moving in unison in the wind. Everything else is
dialog: still.
scene_heading: 26C. INT. HOTEL LOBBY. NIGHT
text: The deserted lobby. Only one person is there, sitting on a
text: couch: the young and eternally ungainly hooker.
text: Mick Boyle crosses the deserted lobby on the way to his room.
text: His eyes fall on the chubby girl.
text: She gives him an awkward but alluring, knowing look.
text: He smiles at her, but with the smile of a father, which seems
text: like a tender refusal. He walks away.
text: The girl looks sad and serious again.
text: But after a few steps Mick stops, as if he’s had second
dialog: thoughts.
text: The girl realizes this, but she deliberately keeps from
text: looking at him again.
text: Mick turns and observes her from afar. He is serious. And
text: tempted. He reflects. He stares at the girl.
text: She decides to look at him now, but it’s too late: Mick is
text: already gone.
scene_heading: 27. INT. FRED BALLINGER’S SUITE. NIGHT
text: Fred and Lena are asleep in the double bed.
text: Then, through the windows, a theatrical light slowly comes
text: on, illuminating ten women on the balcony, all dressed in
text: black. Somber, immobile.
text: Slowly, slowly, the violin starts up again, playing those
dialog: same first notes of “Simple Song No.3.”
text: The women on the balcony join in with the violin and begin to
text: sing in the most splendid soprano voices.
text: Fred opens his eyes and says.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Enough.
dialog: 51.
text: Then, all of a sudden, as if he were possessed, he throws off
text: the covers and hurls himself at the window.
text: But there’s no one there. The balcony is empty and dark. Fred
text: shouts and punches the glass.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER (CONT’D)
dialog: Enough! Stop singing, now! Enough!
text: Lena wakes up with a start. She is worried.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: Daddy, stop, that’s enough! You
dialog: were dreaming.
text: Fred composes himself. He stops shouting, but still clings to
text: the glass, in a daze. Lena looks behind him, now she’s the
text: one who doesn’t know what to say.
scene_heading: 28. EXT. COUNTRY LANE. DAY
text: Parachutists twirl gracefully, silently just below the craggy
dialog: mountain peaks.
text: Fred and Mick are taking a walk.
text: Out of nowhere, a little dramatically, as if choosing a topic
text: at random, Fred says.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: This morning I took a long,
dialog: powerful piss. And while I was
dialog: doing it, I was thinking, Jesus,
dialog: when is this going to stop? When? I
dialog: just kept pissing and pissing. And
dialog: I was so happy! I haven’t been that
dialog: happy in months.
text: Mick hides his displeasure.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Good, I’m happy for you.
text: But Fred realizes his friend is upset.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: I was joking, Mick. It didn’t
dialog: happen like that.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Don’t joke about these things,
text: Fred. Prostate is serious.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: You always fall for my jokes.
dialog: You've been believing every word I
dialog: say for the last sixty years.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: I invent stories, Fred. I have to
dialog: believe everything in order to make
dialog: things up. Do you remember the
dialog: other day? When you told me you
dialog: don’t remember your parents any
dialog: more?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: No, I don’t remember.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Of course you do. Well, you made me
dialog: realize that not only do I not
dialog: remember my parents, but my
dialog: childhood, for example, I don’t
dialog: remember a thing about it. There’s
dialog: only one thing I still remember.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: The precise moment when I learned
dialog: to ride a bicycle. I know it sounds
dialog: banal, but oh, what joy! It was
dialog: sheer joy. And this morning, as if
dialog: by magic, for the first time, I
dialog: also remembered the moment right
dialog: after I learned to ride a bike.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: The moment in which you fell.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: How the fuck did you know?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Because that’s how it was for
dialog: everyone, Mick. You learn to do
dialog: something, you're really happy, and
dialog: then you forget to brake.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Isn't that a terrific metaphor for
dialog: life?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Let’s not go rushing to
dialog: conclusions, Mick.
text: And then something amazing happens. A boy, about eleven years
text: old, comes toward them on the country lane. He’s riding a
text: mountain bike, and, with astonishing self-confidence, is
text: doing a wheelie. Mick and Fred watch him, speechless. The boy
text: peddles past them, still up on one wheel. He races all the
text: way to the end of the lane, as silent as a ghost, balanced on
text: one wheel.
dialog: 53.
text: Mick and Fred turn to watch him, ecstatic.
text: Fred thinks for a minute, then says:
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER (CONT’D)
dialog: You know something, Mick?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: You and me, we’re never going to
dialog: die.
text: Mick turns to his friend. He smiles and then adds:
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Now let’s not go rushing to
dialog: conclusions, Fred!
text: But then something catches his attention: the silent German
text: couple, dressed in matching green, is about to enter the
text: dense woods. Mick gestures to Fred, who turns and sees them
text: too, right as they disappear among the trees. Fred doesn’t
text: need to think twice. He turns to Mick and in a serious voice
dialog: says:
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Let’s follow them.
scene_heading: 29. EXT. WOODS. DAY
text: Fred and Mick crouch behind some bushes, perfectly still.
dialog: Watching. And what do they see?
text: They see the silent German couple leaning against a tree,
text: their clothes half off. He is penetrating her with a passion
text: worthy of an teenage boy dying to screw.
text: They are really enjoying it. He is in a frenzy, she’s about
text: to climax. They come, both of them, together. The myth of the
text: simultaneous orgasm, right there in the woods. They moan with
dialog: pleasure.
text: So in their own way, they have spoken.
text: Impassive, Fred merely takes out his wallet and hands Mick
dialog: fifty Swiss francs.
scene_heading: 30. INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR. DAY
text: Fred walks down the hallway. Lena is waiting for him at the
text: door to their suite. She seems restless, short of breath,
text: anxious to talk with her father. In fact, she says to him
dialog: right away.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: Where have you been, daddy? This
dialog: man’s been here for an hour, he
dialog: says he’s Queen Elizabeth's
dialog: emissary.
text: Fred snorts, as if this was the last thing he wanted to hear.
speaker_heading: LENA (CONT'D)
dialog: I told him to make himself
text: comfortable in the living room.
scene_heading: 31. INT. FRED BALLINGER’S SUITE. DAY
text: Lena pours a coffee for the Queen’s emissary, whom we met
text: earlier. He and Fred sit facing each other, one on a love
text: seat, the other in an easy chair, a small table between them.
text: Lena goes and sits on a chair behind her father.
text: The emissary nervously taps his pants’ pocket, where we can
text: see clearly the bulge of a packet of cigarettes. Fred notices
dialog: his agitation.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: You can smoke here, if you want.
text: The emissary can’t believe his ears. He’s as astounded as if
dialog: there’d just been an earthquake.
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: Are you serious?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
text: The hotel manager is a music lover.
dialog: So he grants me some small
dialog: privileges.
text: The emissary’s smile is one of infinite gratitude.
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: You have no idea how much pleasure
dialog: this gives me.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Are you feeling tense?
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: I’ll say.
text: He says, taking a deep, restorative drag on his cigarette.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: There’s no ashtray, though.
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: That's fine, I’1l cope.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: I don’t have much time, so let’s
dialog: skip the formalities. I have to do
dialog: a thorough cleansing of my
text: intestines soon.
text: The emissary’s expression instinctively looks pained and
dialog: says.
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: Will it hurt?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: No, it's just embarrassing.
text: The emissary sighs and starts in.
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: I wasn’t able to convince the
dialog: Queen. I relayed your reticence
dialog: about the songs to her. I proposed
dialog: an alternative repertoire. An
dialog: alternative musician. An
dialog: alternative sort of evening. She
dialog: doesn’t want alternatives. She
dialog: wants you and only you and only
dialog: your “Simple Songs.” She says it’s
text: all that Prince Philip listens to.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: I’m sorry. I don’t want to seem
dialog: rude. But I’m afraid it’s
dialog: impossible.
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: But why?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: I explained why, the last time we
dialog: met. Personal reasons.
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: And is there no way to resolve
dialog: these personal reasons?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Unfortunately not.
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: I’m begging you, Maestro. I have a
dialog: difficult job. I simply must return
text: to London with a positive answer.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: But my answer is negative.
text: Lena follows every word.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: I simply don’t understand. What is
dialog: it that doesn’t work? The date? The
dialog: location? The orchestra? The
dialog: soprano? The Queen?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Please, don’t insist. Personal
dialog: reasons.
text: The emissary drops his diplomatic demeanor and shows a flash
dialog: of anger.
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: And what exactly are these bloody
dialog: personal reasons?
text: Fred doesn’t respond.
dialog: Lena is beginning to understand. We're not, but she is. She
text: starts to cry quietly, inwardly.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Personal means that I’m not obliged
dialog: to explain them.
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: Let’s see if we can resolve these
dialog: personal problems then. What is it
dialog: that is wrong?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: (at random) The soprano.
text: The emissary beams. He thinks they have arrived at a
dialog: solution.
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: We'll get a different one, then, no
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: It wouldn’t make any difference.
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: Even though Sumi Jo is the absolute
dialog: best, and she has already expressed
dialog: her enthusiasm at being directed by
dialog: you. She’s ecstatic! In seventh
dialog: heaven!
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: I’m not interested.
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: What is it you have against her?
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Nothing! I don’t even know her.
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: And so?!
text: Fred loses his patience for the first time. He raises his
text: voice, practically shouts.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: So enough already!
text: Lena cries more openly now, her eyes brimming with tears.
text: She tries to hide them, but she can’t.
text: The emissary notices Lena’s tears and is dumbfounded. He’s
text: trying to understand, but doesn’t know what to say. He throws
text: open his arms in defeat.
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: I just do not understand. What
dialog: exactly is the problem?
text: Fred shouts at him again. His words come tumbling out,
text: unplanned.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: The problem is that those Simple
dialog: Songs were composed for my wife.
dialog: And only my wife performed them,
dialog: only my wife recorded them. And as
dialog: long as I live, my wife will be the
dialog: only one to sing them. The problem,
dialog: my dear sir, is that my wife can’t
dialog: sing any more. Now do you
dialog: understand? Do you?
text: Lena has buried her face in her hands, trying to stifle her
dialog: sobs.
text: Fred is beside himself. He looks exhausted, drained.
text: The emissary is struck dumb. He gets to his feet and stubs
text: out his cigarette in the pack. He is deeply dismayed.
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: Yes, I do understand now, and I beg
dialog: your pardon. Maestro.
text: He walks quickly to the door.
text: Fred and Lena just sit there, he staring into space and she
text: weeping behind him.
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: 31A. INT/EXT. CORRIDOR + HOTEL BRIDGE. DAY.
speaker_heading: 31A/1
text: In close-up, the bells in the corridors trill merrily.
speaker_heading: 31A/2
text: On the bridge where the staff goes to smoke, they all put out
text: their cigarettes and, like a flock of sheep, head back inside
dialog: the hotel to work.
scene_heading: 32. INT. MASSAGE ROOM. DAY
text: The young masseuse is rubbing oil on her hands.
text: Fred Ballinger, lying on his stomach on the massage table,
text: his head stuck in the hole, looks down at the floor, right at
text: the girl’s tiny sandals.
text: The masseuse places her hands gently on Fred’s naked back.
text: She begins massaging him, but stops after a minute.
speaker_heading: MASSEUSE
dialog: I’m going to give you a different
dialog: type of massage, because you are
dialog: stressed. No, to be precise, you're
dialog: not stressed, you're emotional.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: You understand everything with your
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: MASSEUSE
dialog: We can understand all sorts of
dialog: things by touching. Who knows why
dialog: people are so afraid of touching.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Maybe because they think it has
dialog: something to do with pleasure.
speaker_heading: MASSEUSE
dialog: Which is another good reason for
text: touching instead of talking.
text: Fred is silent. He stares at the floor for a while. Then he
dialog: says:
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Don’t you like to talk?
speaker_heading: MASSEUSE
dialog: (frank) I never have anything to
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: We forget sometimes, but sincerity
dialog: is beautiful, isn’t it?
dialog: 59.
text: But the masseuse has changed the kind of massage she is
text: doing. She has nothing more to say, so she doesn’t say
dialog: anything.
text: Fred relaxes and closes his eyes.
scene_heading: 33. EXT. MOUNTAIN PEAK. DAY
text: Mick and his young screenwriters are climbing up a steep
dialog: mountain path.
text: They meet a young family coming down the mountain. The father
text: is wearing a toddler backpack carrier, in which his three-
text: year-old son is sleeping peacefully. Mick looks at the
dialog: sleeping child.
text: Dressed for trekking, Mick and his young screenwriters are
text: ascending an impassable mountain trail. They reach the summit
dialog: - what a view! We can sense that suspended silence, the
text: clean, crisp air, and appreciate the magnificent panorama of
text: the mountains and the valley below.
text: There is a telescope at the lookout point, one of those
dialog: tourist ones you have to put a coin in to make it work.
text: They admire the panorama in silence. Mick breaks away from
text: the group and puts a coin in the telescope. Then he calls his
text: young screenwriters over.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Come look.
text: The girl goes first. She peers into the telescope. Mick
text: instructs her as the others listen in.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT’D)
dialog: Now listen. Do you see that
dialog: mountain over there?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Yeah, it seems really close.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Exactly. That’s what you see when
dialog: you're young. Everything seems
dialog: really close. That’s the future.
dialog: Now come with me.
text: She takes the girl by the hand and invites her to look
text: through the telescope from the other direction.
text: The girl looks from the other side and sees the faces of her
text: friends. They look really far away even though they’re only
text: six feet away from her.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT’D)
dialog: And this is what you see when
dialog: you're old. Everything seems really
dialog: far away. That’s the past.
text: The girl looking in the telescope is moved. He’s too far away
text: in the inverted lens, so she can’t see that the boy she’s
text: always fighting with is moved as well.
text: They’re all at a loss for words.
text: Mick crouches over a knapsack and pulls out a bottle of
text: spumante and some plastic cups, talking all the while.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT’D)
dialog: When I was young, I used to say to
dialog: myself: if I grow old I’m not going
dialog: to make the same mistake all old
dialog: people make, I’m not going to
text: become boring and pedantic. But
dialog: that’s exactly what I have become.
dialog: So, forgive me.
dialog: Now for the serious stuff: Brenda
dialog: can’t wait to get started. And I am
dialog: so proud of having written this
dialog: screenplay with you. I have to
dialog: confess something. I’ve made twenty
dialog: films, but they’re all irrelevant.
dialog: This is the only film that means
dialog: anything to me. This film has...
dialog: yes, well, it’s my sentimental,
dialog: intellectual, and moral testament.
dialog: This film is the only thing that
dialog: matters to me. Nothing else. And
dialog: so, let’s toast to the completion
dialog: of the third draft of “Life’s Last
dialog: Day.”
speaker_heading: SCREENWRITER 1
dialog: What about the ending, Mick?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: The ending... We’ll come up with
text: one, sooner or later. Cheers.
scene_heading: 33A. EXT. GARDEN WITH CANOPY. DAY
text: The beautiful garden with its centuries-old trees and
text: canopied paths is deserted until a stocky, big-bellied man,
text: completely covered in mud, appears. He looks like a statue
text: that has turned out wrong. He’s clutching a cell phone,
text: yelling in Italian with a heavy Neapolitan accent.
speaker_heading: MUD MAN
dialog: You gotta realize, baby, you're
dialog: asking me to deliver 24,000
dialog: mozzarel in two days.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: MUD MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: We're not even in the same
dialog: universe, capisc? Now listen good:
dialog: don’t you go stressing me during my
dialog: relaxing vacation, cuz the last guy
dialog: who did that never managed to relax
dialog: again... Ciao.
dialog: I'll send you a WhatsApp tomorrow.
scene_heading: 34. EXT. HOTEL POOL. DAY
text: Jimmy Tree and Fred Ballinger float serenely in the pool.
text: Side by side, their shoulders resting against the edge of the
text: pool, they let themselves be cradled by the powerful jet of
text: water hitting their backs.
text: Fred opens one eye and spots Mick walking with the doctor not
text: too far away. They are speaking intently. Fred closes his
dialog: eye.
text: Fred and Jimmy float in silence, eyes closed.
text: «+. until the arrival of the boy violinist makes them open
dialog: their eyes.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Hello, Fred Ballinger.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: I wanted to tell you that I checked
dialog: at the front desk, and you really
dialog: are Fred Ballinger.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Good, I’m glad you set your mind to
dialog: rest on that score.
text: Jimmy Tree smiles.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: There’s something else I wanted to
dialog: tell you too.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Go right ahead.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: I wanted to tell you that ever
dialog: since you corrected the position of
dialog: my elbow, I play better. The sounds
dialog: comes more naturally.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Very good. Do you know why? Because
dialog: you're left-handed.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER (CONT'D)
dialog: And left-handed people are
dialog: irregular, so an irregular position
dialog: helps.
dialog: Now we see - we didn’t before - the South American’s fat face
text: looming close to ours. He has been listening in on the
text: conversation, and, in a strong Spanish accent, says candidly
dialog: to the other three:
speaker_heading: OBESE SOUTH AMERICAN
dialog: I’m left-handed too.
text: Fred, Jimmy, and the boy are astounded and look at him
dialog: excitedly.
text: Jimmy flashes him a beautiful smile and says:
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: Christ! The whole world knows
dialog: you're left handed.
scene_heading: 35. INT. HOTEL POND. DAY
text: Lena, wearing only a towel, sits at the edge of a beautiful
text: pond. Her long wet hair falling on her shoulders, she seems
text: even more beautiful than she really is.
text: The hippy mountaineer, all excited, is facing her. He too in
text: only a towel. With his hairy shoulders, hairy chest, shaggy
text: beard, and long hair, he looks like a giant bear, like some
text: large, peaceful beast.
text: Lena keeps her eyes closed. The mountaineer can’t take his
text: kindly eyes off of her.
text: He swallows, musters his courage, starts to say something,
text: changes his mind, too timid to speak, then tries again. This
text: is his chance. He has a heavy Tyrolean accent.
speaker_heading: MOUNTAINEER
dialog: I’m Luca. Luca Moroder.
text: Embarrassed, he lets out a moronic laugh that sounds like a
text: thunderclap.
text: Lena opens her eyes, expressionless, and simply says:
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: MOUNTAINEER
dialog: I’m a mountaineer. And I teach
dialog: climbing. I give lessons at the
dialog: hotel.
text: And he produces another laugh, so moronic it makes us doubt
dialog: his intelligence.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: MOUNTAINEER (CONT’D)
text: This is a Forerunner 620, it has a
dialog: color touch display, it estimates
dialog: vo2max values - the maximum rate of
dialog: oxygen consumption during maximum
dialog: exertion. I'd like to give it to my
dialog: cousin for Christmas. We always go
dialog: climbing together. He was supposed
dialog: to be here too, but he slipped in
text: the bathtub and broke his femur.
text: Lena smiles politely.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: The bathtub is more dangerous than
dialog: Mount Everest.
speaker_heading: MOUNTAINEER
dialog: How true. (hesitates) Do you know
dialog: what I found once, on the K2
dialog: summit?
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MOUNTAINEER
text: A bedside table.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MOUNTAINEER
dialog: Yes, I did. I opened the drawer,
dialog: but it was empty.
text: He’s quiet for a moment but then starts in again.
speaker_heading: MOUNTAINEER (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s an amazing feeling, climbing,
dialog: you know? A real sense of freedom.
text: Yet another moronic laugh, as if he’d never be able to
dialog: confirm what he just said.
text: Lena closes her eyes again and comments somewhat ironically:
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: All I would feel is fear.
speaker_heading: MOUNTAINEER
dialog: That’s an amazing feeling too, you
dialog: know.
text: And he laughs again.
text: Lena opens her eyes but doesn’t look at him.
dialog: 64.
text: Overlooking the little pond is a glass cube that houses the
text: indoor pool. With an expressionless face, Fred Ballinger
text: looks out the window at his daughter down below.
scene_heading: 36. EXT. HOTEL SOLARIUM. DAY
text: Fred, Mick, and Jimmy Tree, in white robes, are sunning
text: peacefully on chaise lounges. Eyes closed. Fred has a
text: newspaper open on his lap. Mick and Jimmy are chatting.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: So who’s the most talented actress
dialog: you've ever worked with, Mr. Boyle?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Brenda Morel. Without a doubt. A
dialog: genius. She can’t have read more
dialog: than two books her whole life, and
dialog: one of them was her autobiography,
dialog: written by a ghost writer
dialog: naturally, but still, Brenda’s a
dialog: genius.
text: Jimmy chuckles.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: A genius in what sense?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: If you know how to steal, you don’t
dialog: need training. Stealing becomes
dialog: your education. That’s how Brenda
dialog: is. Even when, thanks to my films,
dialog: she’d become a diva, she never
dialog: forgot where she came from, her
dialog: home was really the street. And
dialog: that’s where she stayed, on the
text: street, stealing everything.
dialog: Everything. Which is how she
dialog: created such unforgettable
dialog: characters. And won two Oscars.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: What would she steal?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: We were filming “The Crystal
dialog: Woman.” And in the middle of a
text: scene, an electrician walks by,
text: toward the back of the set. He’s
dialog: got this limp, real slight.
dialog: Whenever he steps with his shorter
dialog: leg, it makes a noise, real faint
text: though, barely noticeable. No one
text: even hears it, no one but Brenda,
dialog: that is.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT'D)
text: She’s reciting her lines and all of
text: a sudden she yells “stop.” So I
dialog: yell back, “What the fuck are you
dialog: doing, Brenda? Only I can say
dialog: stop.” “Fuck that, Mick,” she says
dialog: to me, “if my character is wrong,
dialog: then I’1l say stop.” She looks at
text: the electrician. He’s dying, but
text: Brenda lights up and says, “Mick,
dialog: my character has to have one leg
text: shorter than the other. She limps.”
text: I practically fall off my chair.
dialog: “Are you out of your mind, Brenda?”
dialog: I say to her. “Your character can’t
dialog: limp. Your character is the most
dialog: desirable woman in the whole world,
dialog: every man on the planet wants to
dialog: get her into bed, she’s a dream.”
dialog: And you know what she says? She
dialog: says to me, “Even dreams have their
dialog: problems, Mick.”
text: Jimmy laughs.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT’D)
dialog: And she was right. That little limp
dialog: won her her second Oscar.
text: A muffled, intermittent sound, which at first only Fred
text: hears, makes him open his eyes. But the sun is shining right
text: in them, so all he can see is a small black circle that rises
text: up to the sky and then falls again. The sound, and then the
text: black circle again.
text: It’s enough to make Fred want to get up and take a look.
text: Curious, he shuffles toward the tennis court, and Jimmy Tree
text: and Mick Boyle decide to go with him.
scene_heading: 37. EXT. TENNIS COURT. DAY
text: At the tennis court, Fred, Mick, and Jimmy are struck dumb by
dialog: what they see.
dialog: That obese South American is doing something out of this
text: world: with his left foot he sends a tennis ball flying high
text: in the air, and when it comes down, he kicks it up again,
text: without ever letting it touch the ground, sending it sixty,
text: seventy feet in the air. The tennis ball against the blue
text: sky. It falls, he kicks it again, with a naturalness -
text: despite the inhuman effort it takes for that massive body to
text: move - that sparks admiration and horror at the same time.
text: Mick, Jimmy, and Fred can’t believe their eyes. Rightly so.
text: After five or six feats of such amazing acrobatics, he stops,
text: completely exhausted. He has trouble catching his breath.
dialog: 66.
text: Jimmy spots his briarwood cane, leaning against the fence. He
text: grabs it and rushes over with it.
text: The South American thanks him, eyes brimming with gratitude,
text: body dripping with sweat. Without saying a word, he slowly
text: walks away, leaning heavily on his cane.
text: Two guitar notes, melancholy and discreet, accompany the
text: South American’s broken, belabored gait.
text: Jimmy, Fred, and Mick just stand there, scattered around the
dialog: tennis court, and watch the best ex-soccer player in the
text: world leave the field.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: 38. INT. ROOM. AFTERNOON
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: The two guitar notes float in here, without developing
dialog: further.
text: A flowered wall, English style. In front of it is a small
text: table with a magnificent silver tea service.
text: A women’s purse, flung by who knows whom, crashes into the
text: tea set. Everything ends up on the floor. The purse tumbles
text: open. It’s empty.
text: After a moment, the Queen's emissary enters the frame. He is
text: very distraught. He says in a whisper.
speaker_heading: QUEEN’S EMISSARY
dialog: Your Majesty, you nearly hit me!
scene_heading: QUEEN ELIZABETH’S VOICE
dialog: Yes, Mr. Bale, I nearly hit you.
text: The devastated emissary sighs. It’s as if the whole universe
text: were going to hell in a handbag.
scene_heading: 39. INT. HOTEL RESTAURANT. EVENING
text: The two guitar notes die softly during this scene.
text: The German couple is silent again. They eat serenely, their
text: eyes never meeting.
text: The hippy mountaineer looks dejected, as if all his hopes
text: have been dashed as he steals glances at Lena, sitting with
text: Fred and Mick. She doesn’t even notice him.
dialog: 67.
text: Jimmy Tree is dining with Mark Kozelek and other friends.
text: They're laughing at Jimmy's perfect imitation of Marlon
dialog: Brando.
text: Sushi tonight. Everyone’s using chopsticks.
text: Fred, Mick, and Lena dine in silence.
dialog: Lena says routinely.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: The French called again. They
dialog: really want to do that book with
dialog: you... your memoirs, everything
dialog: about your work, your life. What
dialog: shall I tell them?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: (reflects) Tell them...
text: He doesn’t know what else to say. Silence. Lena and Mick
dialog: wait.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: To forget me! Tell them that. I'm
dialog: retired! I’m done! With work and
dialog: life.
text: Mick raises his eyes heavenward, as if he knew this "song"
text: all too well and can’t stand it anymore.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER (CONT’D)
dialog: I have nothing to say, and what’s
dialog: more, I'm not interested.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Will you cut the crap? Your music
dialog: conveyed surprising, new emotions.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: But emotions are overrated too,
dialog: Mick.
text: Mick throws his chopsticks onto the table. He’s really pissed
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: You're really unbearable when you
text: play the depressed cynic, Fred.
dialog: It’s a mystery how I managed to be
dialog: your friend all these years.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: You're a man of much patience,
dialog: Mick.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: And you're an idiot.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: That's for sure!
text: Lena is about to say something but Mick cuts her off.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: A book about your work, life your
dialog: experiences - it would last
dialog: forever. It would be a help to
dialog: young musicians, to everyone. It's
dialog: important...
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: (interrupts him) Important!...
dialog: Preserve your memory for posterity,
dialog: pass on your knowledge. I've been
dialog: hearing the same old tune for years
dialog: now, but it’s just an excuse, Mick,
dialog: a way of ignoring the real problem.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: And what’s the real problem, Fred?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Death, Mick! Death, it’s so close.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: So, instead of living you're
text: thinking about death coming closer.
dialog: Even though you’re still alive.
text: Mick nods vigorously. He addresses Lena.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Do you see why it pisses me off?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Yes, Lena sees.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: But doesn’t the idea of reliving
dialog: your life, your work, fascinate
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: No. It only hurts me. Can’t you see
dialog: that? And besides, there's nothing
dialog: more to say. Stravinsky already
dialog: said it all. He composed simple
text: music and everyone attacked him.
dialog: “He’s abandoned modernism! He’s not
dialog: respecting tradition!” the critics
text: thundered. But he was merely
text: rediscovering the past, his mirror.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s when he uttered that
dialog: beautiful phrase: "You may respect,
dialog: but I love." What more can I add?
text: Lena and Mick have nothing else to say. Fred picks up his
text: chopsticks and holds them in the air, not eating. Lena stares
text: at him.
text: Out of the blue, the boy violinist comes over. Fred doesn’t
text: even notice him.
text: The child gently adjusts Fred’s hand - the one holding the
text: chopsticks - raising it an inch. As if correcting his
dialog: position.
text: Fred gazes at the boy and smiles sadly.
text: The boy simply smiles back at him, and then runs off, the way
dialog: children do. Always running, they are.
scene_heading: 40. EXT. HOTEL GARDEN. NIGHT
text: A fakir is lying on a bed of nails on the stage.
text: Lena, Fred, Mick, and Jimmy Tree are sitting together at one
text: of the tables, impassively watching the show.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: These shows are really pathetic.
text: All that’s missing is a mime.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: We usually get one of those by the
dialog: end of the summer as well.
text: The fakir levitates, rising above the bed of nails.
text: The audience applauds.
text: The fakir's back is very red. He spits fire from his mouth
dialog: and says.
speaker_heading: FAKIR
dialog: Thank you, everyone. And now, I
dialog: hope you will enjoy some
text: traditional horn music, played by a
dialog: local ensemble.
text: Eight old men carrying long horns come onto the stage. They
text: begin a gloomy litany.
text: A man whom we assume to be the hotel manager comes over to
text: our characters’ table. He addresses Jimmy Tree, but Fred,
text: Mick, and Lena listen in as well.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: Excuse me, Mr. Tree, but a new
text: guest has arrived. Her name is
dialog: Joyce Owens, she has just won the
dialog: Miss Universe pageant. She’s a
dialog: great admirer of yours and would
dialog: like to meet you.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: Ok, here I am.
text: The manager gestures, and Miss Universe appears from a dark
text: corner of the garden.
text: Our characters wait for her to arrive, their hearts aflutter.
text: But Miss Universe turns out to be an unbelievable
text: disappointment. She’s wearing a cheap, oversize track suit
text: that ruins her figure and makes her look plump, and - even
text: though it’s dark - a pair of violet-tinted sunglasses with
text: vulgar frames that are too big for her face. Her skin is bad,
text: her hair stringy and dirty. What’s more, she has an awful
text: voice, which we hear when she shakes Jimmy’s hand.
speaker_heading: MISS UNIVERSE
dialog: It’s such a pleasure to meet you.
dialog: I’m a huge fan of yours. I
dialog: literally went crazy when you
dialog: played Mister Q.
text: Jimmy Tree raises his eyes heavenward. He’s had more than
dialog: enough of Mister Q.
speaker_heading: MISS UNIVERSE (CONT’D)
dialog: I never miss a robot movie, but
dialog: that one’s my favorite.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: (teasing) Thank you. And do you
dialog: ever watch any other kinds of
dialog: movie, other than robot movies?
speaker_heading: MISS UNIVERSE
dialog: Of course! I’ve got my whole life
dialog: ahead of me, and I want to be an
dialog: actress. I don't want to just rely
dialog: on my beauty.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: (chuckles) What else do you watch?
dialog: Cartoons?
text: Miss Universe stiffens a little.
speaker_heading: MISS UNIVERSE
dialog: Whatever I want.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: Brava, Miss Universe!
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: MISS UNIVERSE
dialog: (now very serious) You know
dialog: something, Mr. Tree?
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MISS UNIVERSE
dialog: I appreciate irony, but when it is
text: drenched in poison, it is drained
text: of its force and reveals something
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: What does it reveal? Tell me.
speaker_heading: MISS UNIVERSE
dialog: Frustration. Yours, in this case,
dialog: not mine.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: (leaning forward, nervous) I'm
dialog: frustrated, Miss Universe?
speaker_heading: MISS UNIVERSE
dialog: I'm happy I took part in the Miss
dialog: Universe pageant. Are you happy you
dialog: played Mister Q?
text: Jimmy Tree has no answer for her.
text: Embarassment washes over the whole group.
text: Jimmy extends a hand to Miss Universe, as if to acknowledge
text: defeat. But Miss Universe doesn’t shake it. She walks away.
text: Mick smooths his hair with the palm of his hand as Jimmy
text: looks on.
text: Watching Miss Universe as she quickly disappears, Mick, to
dialog: break the chill that has descended...
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: How unbearable the insolent
dialog: ostentation of youth is.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: In particular if the person
text: listening is no longer young.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: (laughing) That woman should be
dialog: stabbed to death, I mean stabbed!
text: Fred turns to look at Jimmy who has gone back to watching the
text: horn ensemble. And he says a touch of irony.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: She's not at all stupid, Miss
dialog: Universe.
text: Jimmy, without looking at him, replies immediately.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: Not at all!
text: They both break out in big smiles.
text: Lena watches Miss Universe walk across the garden, that
text: peculiar look in her eye that women have when watching
text: another woman. And when Miss Universe disappears from view,
text: Lena does something: she turns ninety degrees and looks
text: squarely at the mountaineer, who, naturally, is looking at
text: her. His eyes are sparkling like never before.
scene_heading: 41. EXT./INT. (MUSIC VIDEO) CAR. DAY.
text: (The whole scene is shot and edited in the style of a music
dialog: video).
dialog: Music so funky it would make a corpse dance:"Can't rely on
dialog: you."
text: A luxury car - a Maserati - races along a sun-kissed mountain
text: road. Julian is driving. A splendidly made-up Paloma Faith
text: appears in the backseat. She is the one who is singing. She’s
text: wearing sexy lingerie and moving her body in the most
text: sinuous, sensual manner. A totally different Paloma from the
text: dull, anonymous woman we saw earlier. She flicks her tongue
text: in Julian's ear and he howls with pleasure. Down on all
text: fours, she moves like a panther in the back seat, upping the
text: eroticism with every gesture. Slithering like a snake, she
text: slips out the open window and climbs gracefully onto the
text: roof, singing the whole time. She gets to her feet and dances
text: on top of the car, as sensual and sexy as before.
text: The only reason she doesn’t fall off the roof of the moving
dialog: car is because we are very clearly in the unreal world of
dialog: music video.
text: Julian leans out of the window and watches her from below,
text: turned on and moaning like a fool. He leans so far out of the
text: car trying to grab her that he has to hold the steering wheel
text: with his foot.
text: The car swerves, but there’s no danger: we’re in a music
dialog: video.
text: Julian climbs back into the driver's seat to avoid an
dialog: accident.
text: He fixes his eyes on the road, but is not for long: Paloma
text: now appears on the front windshield.
dialog: 73.
text: Slowly, she slithers down the windshield onto the hood.
text: Pressing her body against the glass, she winks at him, makes
text: eyes at him, shows him her tongue and everything else as she
text: rolls onto the hood, the car still tearing along at 120mph,
text: the wind in her hair.
text: With an acrobatic move, Paloma finally climbs through the
text: window again and is back in the car.
text: She sits next to Julian. He wants to touch her, but she coyly
text: prevents him, increasing his desire. She’s been singing the
text: whole time, but now she pauses the song for a moment and
dialog: says.
speaker_heading: PALOMA FAITH
dialog: Now watch what I'm going to do for
dialog: you!
text: She opens the glove compartment and produces a sex toy the
dialog: likes of which has never been seen before.
text: A huge black rubber ball studded with menacing metal,
text: luminescent stingers. It’s impossible even to imagine what
dialog: you could do with it.
speaker_heading: PALOMA FAITH (CONT’D)
dialog: Watch this, honey.
text: And the spiked, luminescent ball slowly disappears beneath
dialog: her body, but just then...
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: Holy shit!
scene_heading: 42. INT. FRED BALLINGER’S SUITE. NIGHT
text: ... DARKNESS.
text: A woman's scream shatters the music and everything else.
text: Alarmed, Fred Ballinger switches on the lamp on the night
text: stand. Lena awakens with a start, as if from a nightmare.
text: She's sweating, panicked. She can’t breathe.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Lena, what’s wrong?
text: Lena is gasping for breath. She slowly comes back to reality,
text: her breath returning to normal. She reassures her father.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: Nothing, nothing. It was just a
dialog: dream.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: A nightmare?
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: Let’s say somewhere between the
text: two. It’s over now.
text: Fred turns off the light. Half-light. Lena slowly settles
text: down, but she can’t fall asleep. They have their backs to
text: each other. After a while she asks.
speaker_heading: LENA (CONT'D)
dialog: As a man, how did Miss Universe
dialog: seem to you?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
text: An unbelievable disappointment.
text: Lena is greatly cheered by her father’s remark. Then, after a
dialog: pause.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: Daddy, I have to tell you
dialog: something... personal.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Tell me, Lena.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: Julian's an ass. Because I’m really
dialog: good in bed.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: What do you mean... you know?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: You're my daughter. And, in all
dialog: modesty, I was a wonder between the
dialog: sheets myself.
text: Slowly but surely, once their embarrassment has faded, they
text: start sniggering in the dark, each on his own side of the
dialog: bed.
scene_heading: 43. INT. CRAFT SHOP. DAY
text: A shop full of souvenirs and local crafts made of wood.
text: Fred roams around, glancing at the stuff on the shelves, but
dialog: without much interest.
text: Jimmy Tree goes over to the cash register and - proud at
text: having found it - presents a briarwood walking stick, very
dialog: similar to the one we saw the South American using. The sales
text: clerk starts wrapping it.
dialog: 75.
text: Jimmy is waiting when the pale, thirteen-year-old girl from
text: the hotel appears at his side. Pink circles around her eyes,
text: making her seem not scary exactly, but vaguely pained.
text: She bites her nails nervously as she stares at Jimmy, who
text: senses her presence and so turns to her.
text: She stares unabashed at him, long and hard enough to make
text: Jimmy feel embarrassed, and then says confidently.
speaker_heading: PALE GIRL
dialog: I saw you in a film once.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: So you liked Mister Q as well?
speaker_heading: PALE GIRL
dialog: No, I saw you in that film where
dialog: you play a father who never knew
text: his son and meets him for the first
dialog: time in a highway diner when the
dialog: son’s already fourteen.
text: Jimmy turns to stone. He mutters.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: But nobody saw that movie!
speaker_heading: PALE GIRL
dialog: There was a bit of dialog I really
dialog: liked, when your son says, "Why
dialog: weren't you a father to me?" and
dialog: you say, "I didn't think I was up
dialog: to it." At that moment I understood
dialog: something really important.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PALE GIRL
dialog: That no one in the whole world
dialog: feels up to it. And so there's no
dialog: reason to worry. Bye. See you at
dialog: the hotel.
text: And the girl walks away, her stride natural and easy.
text: Jimmy just stands there, immobile, at the counter, staring
text: into space. He’s stunned. Instinctively, he puts on his
dialog: sunglasses.
text: Fred, standing still behind him among the shelves, must have
text: heard everything, because he merely stares at Jimmy's back.
text: He is as overcome as Jimmy is, and doesn’t say a word. He
text: just looks at back of the actor who is probably deeply moved
dialog: right now.
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: 44, EXT. COUNTRY LANE. DAY
text: Jimmy and Fred walk along the beautiful lane that skirts the
dialog: mountain village.
text: They walk in silence, wrapped in perfect sounds: cicadas and
text: distant cowbells.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: What do you do all day, Fred?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: They tell me I’m apathetic. So I
dialog: don't do anything.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: Don’t you miss your work?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Not at all. I worked far too much.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: So what do you miss?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: My wife. I miss my wife Melanie.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: I read on Wikipedia that you hung
dialog: out with Stravinsky for a while
dialog: when you were young.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: True.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: What was he like?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: He was a very placid man.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: Placid? That’s all? Be generous
dialog: with me, Fred. I need a generous
dialog: friend. Tell me about Stravinsky.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: One day he said to me,
dialog: “Intellectuals don’t have any
dialog: taste.” So from that day on, I did
dialog: everything I could not to be an
dialog: intellectual. And I succeeded.
text: Jimmy doesn’t say anything. They walk on in silence.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER (CONT’D)
dialog: And you? What do you miss?
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: Nothing, I’d say. Luckily.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Be generous with me, Jimmy.
text: Jimmy smiles, as if caught red-handed.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: What I missed I discovered four
dialog: months ago reading Novalis.
text: Fred is surprised.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: You read Novalis?
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: (playful) Even actors from
dialog: California, when they’re not
text: getting drunk, snorting coke, or
text: hanging out with anorexic models,
dialog: occasionally read Novalis.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: You're right, sorry. I'm an old man
dialog: and full of prejudices. And what
dialog: does Novalis say?
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: "I'm always going home, always
dialog: going to my father's house."
scene_heading: 45. EXT. GARDEN HOTEL. NIGHT
text: Mark Kozelek presses play on an iPod, and the sweet notes of
text: a synthesizer float out the speakers. It’s a slow, hypnotic
text: track. The camera moves slowly around the room; it takes in
text: Kozelek and Jimmy Tree's friends, who are listening
text: seriously, attentively to the music. The camera glides out
text: onto the terrace and takes in Jimmy Tree, lying on a chaise
text: lounge and listening very intently to the music. He smokes a
text: cigarette, which he then puts out in a cup of herbal tea.
text: Mark Kozelek comes out and joins him. He lies down on the
text: chaise lounge next to Jimmy’s.
speaker_heading: MARK KOZELEK
dialog: How do you like it? I wrote it
dialog: yesterday. It’s called “Ceiling
dialog: Gazing.”
text: Jimmy listens and then says sincerely.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: It’s fabulous, Mark.
dialog: 78.
text: On the track, Mark’s voice joins in and blends with the
text: synthesizer. A voice so romantic it gives you the chills.
scene_heading: 46. INT/EXT. REAR GARDEN HOTEL/ MASSEUSE’S ROOM. NIGHT
text: The beautiful music continues, extra-diegetic now. It’s
dialog: really moving.
text: Softly, as if in slow motion, the tiny, timid masseuse comes
text: into the camera’s eye. In close-up now, she’s dancing. She’s
text: playing with Kinect again, but a different dance now.
scene_heading: 47. INT./EXT. SOUTH AMERICAN’S SUITE/REAR GARDEN HOTEL. NIGHT
text: The beautiful music can be heard here as well.
text: The South American is on the terrace, in his underwear. He’s
text: half-reclining on a chaise lounge. His wife is at the foot of
text: the lounge, massaging his massive, aching legs.
text: He stares out across the valley. And then, suddenly, it’s
text: like he has a vision. Bright lights come on, like the
text: floodlights at a soccer stadium, and he sees twenty-two men,
text: divided into two rows of eleven. One row is wearing the
dialog: Argentina national team jersey, and the other that of
text: England. The twenty-two players clamber up the steep field
text: and arrive at the hotel garden. They merge into a single row
text: and wave to a crowd that is not there. It seems like the lead
text: up to an important soccer match.
text: Overcome with emotion, the South American stares at this
dialog: vision.
text: His wife looks up at him sadly. She sees he is moved and asks
dialog: in Spanish.
speaker_heading: SOUTH AMERICAN’S WIFE
dialog: What are you thinking about?
text: The stadium floodlights suddenly go out.
speaker_heading: SOUTH AMERICAN
dialog: The future.
scene_heading: 48. INT. FRED BALLINGER’S SUITE. NIGHT
text: Kozelek’s music dies down here. It’s instrumental now, which
text: makes it seem remote and discreet.
text: Lena is asleep in the bed. Half-light.
text: Fred is in the little living room, sitting in the middle of
text: the couch. From here he can see Lena asleep in the distance.
text: He looks away, and stares into space.
dialog: 79.
text: He’s thinking, his thumb and index finger rubbing a candy
text: wrapper imperceptibly at irregular intervals, creating a
text: beautiful, elementary melody.
text: And that slight sound is what awakens Lena. She opens an eye.
text: Without moving, she studies her father from the bed as he
text: sits motionless on the couch.
scene_heading: 49. INT. HOTEL RECEPTION. NIGHT
text: The lights are dimmed for the night. Two concierges are
text: checking in a group of six guests who have just arrived.
text: They’re all about forty years old, four women and two men,
text: normal faces. But they have some unusual baggage: rigid metal
text: suitcases. Two other women arrive, wheeling metal racks from
text: which hang dozens of outfits, covered in garment bags.
text: They all seem really tired. Kozelek’s music caresses them...
scene_heading: 50. INT. SALINE GROTTO. NIGHT
dialog: .-. and flows here.
text: A fake underground grotto with papier-maché walls made to
dialog: look like the Alps.
text: A long spiral staircase in the center goes down and down,
text: finishing right in a large round pool full of dark water with
dialog: so much salt that you can do the dead man’s float without the
dialog: least effort.
dialog: And in fact, Mick Boyle and his five screenwriters are
text: floating naked on their backs in a studied darkness.
text: They're brainstorming about the ending of “Life’s Last Day.”
scene_heading: FUNNY SCREENWRITER
text: He’s on his deathbed, and murmurs
dialog: to her, “I should have devoted
dialog: myself to you, and to our love,
dialog: instead of wasting my life trying
dialog: to become the king of insurance
dialog: policies.”
scene_heading: SCREENWRITER IN LOVE
dialog: Or maybe he just says something
dialog: banal to her, real simple, like
dialog: “Take care of yourself.”
scene_heading: INTELLECTUAL SCREENWRITER
dialog: No, we have to stay with the
text: physical pain right up to the end.
dialog: How about if he says, “Not even
dialog: morphine can help me now.”
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: FEMALE SCREENWRITER
dialog: What if he focuses on some
dialog: insignificant detail? If he said
dialog: something like, “I wonder whatever
dialog: happened to that key ring you gave
dialog: me twenty-five years ago, the one
dialog: shaped like a horseshoe?”
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
text: No. He doesn’t say anything on his
dialog: deathbed.
text: Silence on the part of the screenwriters. They’re waiting.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT’D)
dialog: She’s the one who talks. Brenda.
dialog: She says, “I lost so much time
dialog: because of you, Michael. I lost the
dialog: best years of my life.”
text: Silence. Then the shy screenwriter.
scene_heading: SHY SCREENWRITER
text: He’s lying on his deathbed, and she
text: slaps him, just like that.
text: An icy stare from Mick and the others. The shy screenwriter
text: tries to make eat his words.
speaker_heading: SHY SCREENWRITER (CONT’D)
dialog: I was just kidding!
scene_heading: 51. INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR. NIGHT
text: Kozelek’s sweet music follows us here, in the stillness of
text: the hallway of this mountain hotel. The group of people who
text: recently checked in are coming toward us, wheeling their
text: metal racks and cumbersome metal suitcases.
text: The group passes a room, the door slightly ajar, without even
text: noticing it.
text: But the camera notices and peeks inside. On the bed sits a
text: elderly, bare-chested man, exhausted and sweaty. He stares at
text: the floor and drinks a glass of water. The unattractive,
text: plump hooker is putting on her overcoat. She exits the room
text: and makes her way awkwardly and gracelessly to the elevator.
scene_heading: 52. INT. PANORAMA HALL. NIGHT
text: The Ipod again, Mark Kozelek’s music again, diegetic now.
text: A man gently combs Jimmy’s hair and pulls it back, as Jimmy
text: looks at himself in the mirror, a serious expression on his
dialog: face. One of those dressing room mirrors, with all those
text: little lights around it.
dialog: 81.
text: The hairdresser uses a razor to layer the hair on the back of
text: Jimmy's head. He cuts it really short. A tense, somber mood.
text: The other members of the group are watching Jimmy and his
dialog: hairdresser.
text: Then, with a quick, expert move, the hairdresser moves a lock
text: of Jimmy’s hair to the right.
text: He sticks his fingers in a jar of brilliantine.
text: A middle-aged woman carefully unzips one of the garment bags
text: and we get a glimpse of a green outfit.
scene_heading: 53. EXT. HOTEL POOL. DAWN
text: Kozelek’s music swells slightly, moving us even more.
text: The lights in the pool are on, creating a marvelous blue
dialog: glow.
text: We see Jimmy Tree from the back, his hair quite short. He’s
text: slowly doing the breaststroke. He gets out, his movements
text: tired, limited, like an old man’s. He drys himself off and
text: starts getting dressed. We still haven’t seen his face.
text: In the distance, behind the mountains, dawn is breaking.
text: Kozelek's music vanishes.
scene_heading: 54. EXT. HOTEL GARDEN. DAY
text: Adolf Hitler, in military uniform, is attempting to strut
text: across the garden, beneath a long canopy. He manages in part
text: thanks to the briarwood cane. His steps are short, uncertain:
text: in other words, an older Hitler, in his sixties, full of
text: aches and pains.
text: He marches past the camera. It’s not Hitler, it’s Jimmy Tree,
text: in a perfect character reconstruction.
text: He walks slowly, almost prudently, but with an austere,
text: dictatorial demeanor that erases the distinction between
text: Jimmy's character and the real Hitler. He looks around, but
dialog: no one’s there.
text: Then, all of a sudden, Hitler stops. He puts his palm on his
text: forehead to smooth down his hair, just as Mick Boyle does all
text: the time, and then, with a certain pomposity, gives the Nazi
dialog: salute.
text: He has saluted Frances, the pale thirteen-year-old girl who
text: stands before him. Jimmy keeps his arm raised, waiting for a
text: reaction. She merely looks calmly at him and smiles, not in
text: the least frightened by this unusual performance.
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: 55. INT. COVERED POOL. DAY
text: Mick Boyle is lying on a chaise lounge near the pool, wrapped
text: in a robe.
text: Lena swims languidly, without much effort.
text: Other than Mick and Lena, there’s no one there.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: I’ve never told you how sorry I am
dialog: about how things ended between you
dialog: and Julian.
text: Lena stops near the edge of the pool.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT’D)
dialog: I mean, I want to apologize for his
dialog: behavior.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: “Apologize?” What do you have to do
dialog: with it?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Let's face it, as a father, I could
dialog: have done more.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: Julian did what he wanted to,
dialog: without worrying about the
dialog: consequences. He picked up the
dialog: scent. I'm starting to smell it as
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: What scent?
speaker_heading: LENA
text: (smiling) The dizzying scent of
dialog: freedom.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: (smiles) Oh right, I know that
dialog: scent.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: But Daddy really didn’t tell you
dialog: anything about the Queen, about the
dialog: Simple Songs he was supposed to
dialog: conduct in London, and how he
dialog: refused?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: No. He didn’t tell me a thing.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: What a strange friendship you two
dialog: have.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Strange? No, it’s a good
dialog: friendship. And in a good
dialog: friendship, you only tell each
dialog: other the good things. He must have
dialog: thought that the Queen’s concert
dialog: wasn’t one of them.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: He says he can’t conduct his
dialog: “Simple Songs” because the only
dialog: person who could sing them was my
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: (surprised) He said that?
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: Yes, that's what he told the
dialog: Queen's emissary.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: It took him eighty years to finally
dialog: say something romantic, and who
dialog: does he go and say it to? The
dialog: Queen's emissary.
text: Lena smiles. And so does Mick.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: He watches me at night, while I
dialog: sleep. And tonight, for the first
dialog: time in my life, he caressed me as
dialog: I was asleep. Only I wasn’t asleep,
dialog: I was pretending.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Parents know when their children
text: are pretending to be asleep.
text: Lena’s eyes are bright now, and she turns her back to Mick so
text: he can’t see how touched she is.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT’D)
dialog: Are you worried about him?
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: No, I’m not worried about him.
scene_heading: 56. INT. HOTEL DINING ROOM. DAY
dialog: We're well aware that this hotel is a quiet place, but it has
dialog: never been this silent before.
dialog: 84.
text: Everyone is looking in the same direction: at the table where
text: Adolf Hitler, indifferent to all those around him, is digging
text: in to a hearty breakfast.
text: And the astounding thing is that they’re all looking at him
text: deferentially, in awe, as if this were actually the real
dialog: Hitler, sixty years later. So much so that some of them,
text: passing by him on their way out of the dining room, end up
text: bowing ever so slightly, respectfully, to the fuhrer and
dialog: saying “Good morning.”
text: Hitler returns their greeting with the hint of a haughty
dialog: salute.
text: Then Jimmy/Hitler takes a handkerchief out of his pocket,
text: blows his nose, rubs the tip quickly four times, just as he
text: had always seen Fred do, folds it, and puts it back in his
dialog: pocket.
text: Fred Ballinger observes Jimmy from his table and, on seeing
text: his own habitual gesture reinterpreted by Hitler, smiles
dialog: strangely.
text: Then the silent German couple stop in front of Hitler and the
text: woman stares severely at Jimmy/Hitler. In a serious voice,
text: she orders him.
speaker_heading: GERMAN WOMAN
dialog: Don't you ever dare to do that
dialog: again.
scene_heading: 57. INT. SKI LIFT. DAY
text: Fred and Mick, all decked out for trekking (hats, sunglasses,
text: the latest backpacks, formfitting, orange synthetic T-shirts,
text: Bermuda shorts, colorful Solomon hiking shoes, and poles) sit
text: next to each other on the ski lift, suspended in mid-air as
text: they climb up to 10,000 feet. They look up at the vertiginous
text: peaks and the jagged rock face of the mountains as they sail
text: silently upward.
dialog: After a while.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: I talked with Lena a bit this
dialog: morning. She’s worried about you.
text: Fred stares at the mountain peak, impassive. Mick waits, but
text: Fred doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT’D)
dialog: It's years since you went to see
dialog: Melanie. Why don't you go? Venice
dialog: is so close.
dialog: 85.
text: Fred is impassive. He doesn’t say a word. Mick turns to look
text: at him, but Fred keeps staring straight ahead, his eyes on
text: the mountain. Mick tries again.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT’D)
dialog: Lena told me about this story with
dialog: Queen Elizabeth. You didn’t breathe
dialog: a word to me about it. Well, it
dialog: could be pretty nice, no? I'd be so
dialog: happy to hear Simple Song No. 3
dialog: played live one last time.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: I wouldn't.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: You don't want to betray the memory
dialog: of Melanie, but sometimes, in order
dialog: to remain faithful, you have to
dialog: have the courage to betray. Don't
dialog: you agree?
text: Fred, after a silence, as he looks at the mountain.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Mick, there’s something that I just
dialog: can’t get out of my head.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: What it would have been like to
dialog: sleep with Gilda Black!
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: (embarrassed) Yeah! I wonder too!
text: Fred turns to scrutinize Mick, because he doesn’t trust the
text: truth of his words. In a hiss halfway between serious and
dialog: humorous, he says.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Liar!
text: Mick avoids his friend's gaze.
scene_heading: 58. EXT. MOUNTAIN. DAY
text: It’s so beautiful here, the silence and the pure air of the
text: mountains at 10,000 feet.
text: Fred and Mick are sitting on a grassy slope that gives on to
text: a valley far below. There’s no one there, only the two of
text: them and all this nature and silence. Fred unwraps a candy
text: and pops it in his mouth.
dialog: 86.
text: After a sizeable silence, Fred pierces the soft mountain
dialog: breeze.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Hey Mick.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Why are we dressed like this?
text: Mick sniggers.
text: There in that immense silence, Fred starts rubbing the candy
text: wrapper in time to some inner music. Mick casts a sidelong
text: glance at his friend’s fingers.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: That’s not so great.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: The piece you’re playing with that
dialog: candy wrapper. You’ve done a lot
dialog: better than that in your lifetime.
text: Now it’s Fred who sniggers a bit. Then he turns serious.
scene_heading: 58A. EXT. HOTEL GARDEN. NIGHT
text: The hooker's tiny mother, hand in hand with her plump, clumsy
text: daughter. They walk under the long canopy that runs through
text: the garden. The neon "Hotel" sign looms above them.
text: They arrive at the hotel entrance. As always, the mother
text: kisses her daughter and then tells her.
scene_heading: HOOKER'S MOTHER
dialog: Do good things.
text: The daughter enters the hotel. The mother gives her one last
dialog: look.
scene_heading: 59. INT. PRIVATE SAUNA POOL. DAY
text: Mick and Fred are the only ones sitting on the boiling wooden
text: benches. Skinny little towels cover their private parts.
text: They're sweating like pigs. It seems as if they could die at
dialog: any moment.
text: They sit in silence, exhausted from the infernal heat, when a
text: vision brings them back to the spectacle of life.
dialog: 87.
text: A statuesque woman appears, wrapped in a robe. She takes it
text: off. Naked. Her beauty and corporeal perfection are the
text: epitome of sensational. With utmost elegance and femininity,
text: this creature - for that is what she is - places a towel on
text: the wooden bench and gently reclines. Indifferent to her own
text: nakedness and to the two old men, she closes her eyes and
dialog: relaxes.
dialog: Not only is this woman completely comfortable, but she seems
dialog: to have been created to make the rest of world uncomfortable.
text: Fred and Mick, ill at ease, stare at her the way one stares
dialog: at those paranormal - and therefore inexplicable - phenomena
dialog: in nature.
text: It takes them an unreasonable amount of time to regain any
text: semblance of rational thought. They begin whispering to each
dialog: other, so as not to be overheard by that perfect creature.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Who is she?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: What do you mean, who is she? Miss
dialog: Universe.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
text: She looks completely different,
text: unrecognizable.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: She's been transformed, from
dialog: watching all those robot movies.
text: Fred doesn’t laugh. He can’t. He has to gaze dizzily at Miss
text: Universe, whose beauty drains him.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT’D)
dialog: You know something, Fred? By dint
dialog: of all our piss talk, we've
dialog: forgotten that that organ is also
dialog: made to fulfill other functions.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Take it easy with those illusions,
dialog: Mick.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Illusions? You know they make these
dialog: little pills now...
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Yeah, but it distorts the reality
dialog: of the situation.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: And so? And what have I been doing
dialog: my whole life making films?
dialog: 88.
text: Miss Universe languidly shifts her legs a few inches, just
dialog: enough to inflict further despair on our two old men.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Anyway, she’s not interested, Mick,
dialog: She's interested in a body that
dialog: corresponds to hers. Sex is like
dialog: music, it wants harmony. And
dialog: rightly so. We’re no longer in any
dialog: condition to harmonize with anyone,
dialog: Mick.
dialog: They could cry at this point, and they might have, if an
text: attendant hadn’t come into the sauna just then.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Excuse me, Mr. Boyle, there’s
dialog: someone here to see you.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: (snorts) Can’t you see that we’re
dialog: living the last great idyll of our
dialog: lives? Well, who's the pain in the
dialog: neck?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Brenda Morel.
scene_heading: 60. INT. PANORAMA HALL/ BALLROOM. DAY
dialog: Here she is, the genius, Brenda Morel. Who was once a deeply
text: mysterious femme fatale. Impeccable, sitting up straight in a
text: small armchair. Over eighty years old. Numerous face lifts. A
text: delicate diamond choker sparkles among her wrinkles, which
text: are more obstinate than her plastic surgeon. A cascade of
text: blond hair that make us wonder about her hairdresser.
text: While she waits, she expertly runs her tongue over her entire
text: dental arch, making sure that her lipstick hasn’t stained her
dialog: perfect dentures.
text: Mick enters, sparking an orgy of joy and affectation. But not
text: Brenda. She is serious. Aloof.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Brenda! What a fabulous, marvelous
dialog: surprise!
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Hi, Mick.
text: They kiss each other on the cheek.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: You look fabulous, Brenda. The very
text: picture of radiance and sex appeal.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: You're getting mixed up with last
dialog: millennium, Mick.
text: Mick laughs theatrically.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: What, you just couldn’t wait any
dialog: longer? We just finished the latest
dialog: version, you know. We were having
dialog: trouble with the ending, but then
dialog: yesterday, eureka! it came to us.
dialog: So now that you’re here in the
dialog: flesh, we can hand it to you. But
dialog: didn’t you tell me you were going
dialog: to be in Los Angeles? What are you
dialog: doing in Europe?
text: Brenda looks Mick in the eyes.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: How long have we known each other,
dialog: Mick?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Jesus, you're putting me on the
dialog: spot! Let me count...
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Fifty-three years. And how many
dialog: films have we made together?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Nine, ten...
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Eleven. And do you really think
dialog: that after fifty-three years of
dialog: friendship and eleven films
dialog: together that now I’m going to
dialog: start bullshitting you, of all
dialog: people?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: (bewildered) No, no I don’t... I
dialog: wouldn’t deserve that.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Right, you don’t deserve it. You
dialog: deserve me to call a spade a spade.
dialog: Which is why I dragged my ass here
dialog: from LA. To talk to you in person.
text: Brenda's seriousness, her severity, makes Mick anxious.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: I see. Look, Brenda, if it’s about
dialog: scene 21, where you're described as
text: “ugly, feeble, a pale shadow of
dialog: your former beauty,” well, please
dialog: realize that that’s just poetic
dialog: license, but on set, naturally,
dialog: we'll proceed in a totally
dialog: different way. I want you to be
dialog: extraordinary. You still preserve
dialog: intact - you have to - that
dialog: mystery, that allure that made you
text: a diva in the first place.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Don’t go licking my ass, Mick, it
dialog: just breaks my balls even more,
dialog: especially given what I came here
dialog: to tell you.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Why? What did you come to tell me?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: I’m not doing the film, Mick.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: They offered me a TV series in New
dialog: Mexico. A three year contract. An
dialog: alcoholic grandmother who's had a
text: serious stroke. A character with
dialog: real balls. With the money I’1l be
dialog: able to pay for Jack’s drug rehab,
dialog: my niece Angelica’s film school
dialog: tuition, pay off my idiotic
dialog: husband’s debts, and still have
dialog: enough money left over for a house
dialog: in Miami, which I’ve been wanting
dialog: for fourteen years. That’s what I
dialog: came to tell you.
text: Mick objects, raising his voice.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: But this is cinema, Brenda! That’s
dialog: just television. Television’s shit.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Television’s the future, Mick. To
dialog: tell you the truth, it’s also the
dialog: present. So let’s be frank, Mick,
dialog: because nobody speaks frankly in
dialog: this fucking film world.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (CONT'D)
dialog: You're going on eighty, and like
dialog: most of your colleagues, you've
dialog: gotten worse with age. The last
dialog: three films you made were shit,
dialog: Mick. I’m telling you, according to
dialog: me and according to everybody, they
dialog: were real shit!
text: Mick Boyle is practically having a heart attack. He's
text: shouting in a way he shouldn't, given his age and his high
dialog: blood pressure.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: How dare you! How dare you! How
dialog: dare you! So you want to be frank,
dialog: do you? Fine, let’s be frank. Fifty-
dialog: three years ago, if it weren’t for
dialog: me, who was, is, and always will be
dialog: a gentleman, you would still be
text: crouching under some producer’s
dialog: desk. I pulled you out of all those
dialog: fat producers’ underpants and made
dialog: you into an actress.
text: Brenda is fuming, her eyes ablaze. She screams at him.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: What a little shit you are! I was
dialog: just fine in those producers’
dialog: underpants. And you know why?
dialog: Because I wanted to be there. I
dialog: don’t owe anybody anything. I did
dialog: it all myself. I paid my way at the
dialog: Actors Studio by cleaning toilets
dialog: all over Brooklyn, my mother went
dialog: into debt for me. And in Hollywood
dialog: I walked through the front door,
dialog: all by myself. Marilyn, Rita,
dialog: Grace, they'd all shit in their
dialog: pants when they saw me coming. It’s
dialog: all written down, right there in my
dialog: autobiography, don’t tell me you
dialog: haven't read it?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Unfortunately I have. Except you
dialog: didn’t write it. And it was a piece
dialog: of shit, your autobiography, just
dialog: like this TV series you’re going to
dialog: do, real shit.
text: Brenda sighs, as if she needed air, but then, surprisingly,
text: she stops shouting. She calms down and starts speaking in a
text: quiet voice that makes her seem even more ruthless than when
text: she was yelling.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: The real shit is this film of
dialog: yours, Mick. I understand cinema,
dialog: you know I do. You’re the one who
dialog: doesn’t understand it any more.
dialog: Because you’re old, you’re tired,
dialog: you don’t know how to see the world
dialog: any more, all you know how to see
dialog: is your own death, which is waiting
dialog: right around the corner for you.
dialog: Your career’s over, Mick. I’m
dialog: telling you flat out because I love
dialog: you. No one’s interested in your
dialog: testament, as you call it, and you
dialog: risk nullifying all the beautiful
dialog: films you've already made. And that
dialog: would be unforgivable. It was only
dialog: because of me that they were even
dialog: going to let you make it. So by
dialog: pulling out, I’m saving your life.
dialog: And your dignity.
text: Mick is devastated. Completely drained. His words are
dialog: cutting.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: You’re an ingrate. And ingrate and
dialog: an idiot. Which is why you got
dialog: ahead.
text: But Brenda doesn’t hear his insults any more. Or maybe she
text: just doesn’t believe them. Regardless, she stretches out her
text: diamond-encrusted hand and does something extraordinary: she
text: caresses Mick’s cheek. Mick is on the verge of tears.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: You're right, Mick, that’s exactly
dialog: right.
text: Mick hisses between his teeth, his words full of hatred and
dialog: revenge.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: I’m going to make this film anyway.
dialog: Even without you.
text: Mick is crying. Brenda is still caressing his cheek.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Come on, Mick, life goes on. Even
dialog: without all this cinema bullshit.
text: Mick buries his face in his hands, destroyed.
text: Brenda, like the last of the great movie stars, stands up,
text: smooths out her dress, which has gotten a few creases in it,
text: grabs her thirty-thousand dollar purse, and with a regal,
text: dignified gait, makes her exit.
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: 61. EXT. HOTEL GARDEN. NIGHT
text: Spring must be coming to an end, because it’s the mime
dialog: tonight. The whole nine yards: tails, whiteface, that perfect
text: melancholy expression.
text: In a corner, the man we saw earlier, all covered in mud,
text: approaches Miss Universe.
speaker_heading: MUD MAN
dialog: Do you know you are the paragon of
dialog: human beauty?
speaker_heading: MISS UNIVERSE
dialog: Do you know I was just thinking the
dialog: same thing?
text: The man walks away without uttering another word.
text: The mime pretends to climb over an imaginary wall, but
dialog: without success.
text: Mick and Jimmy Tree, who has changed back in his own clothes,
text: are watching the performance. They’re sitting next to each
dialog: other, with Fred and Lena.
text: Mick is catatonic. He looks but doesn’t see, staring off into
text: space with a monotonous expression.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Do you know how many actresses I’ve
dialog: worked with in my carrier?
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: Lots... I guess.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: (venting) More than fifty. I
dialog: launched at least fifty actresses.
dialog: And they’ve always been grateful to
dialog: me. I... I’m aa great women’s
dialog: director.
text: Fred and Lena turn to look at Mick, but they can’t find the
dialog: right words or the right expression.
text: Jimmy Tree stares into Mick's eyes and play acts.
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: “That way, Frank, that way you’ll
dialog: never forget me.” Do you remember,
dialog: Mr. Boyle?
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Of course I remember. I remember
dialog: everything I ever shot.
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: JIMMY TREE
dialog: Mr. Boyle, you’re not a great
dialog: women’s director. You’re a great
dialog: director, period.
text: The mime, exhausted from not being able to climb over the
text: wall, crumbles to the ground and pretends to fall asleep.
text: Fred Ballinger is looking at the mime.
text: Lena is looking at her father.
text: The hippy mountaineer is looking at Lena.
text: There is a brief round of applause for the mime.
text: The audience begins to disperse. The evening is over. Mick,
text: Fred, and Lena are heading off when the voice of the boy
text: violinist calls out loudly, making them stop.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Mr. Ballinger.
text: They turn around. The boy has ascended the stage and, violin
text: in hand, plays the first, simple chords of Simple Song No. 3.
text: All he can play are the first two chords, but he’s gotten a
text: lot better. He plays them well and, even though he can only
dialog: repeat them, their sweetness has the power to move anyone who
dialog: listens.
text: Everyone is hypnotized by the child's simple playing. Jimmy
text: Tree, Mark Kozelek and his friends, the mountaineer, Lena,
text: the South American and his wife, the German couple, all the
text: elderly guests and their caretakers, the vulgar Russians, and
text: the black family, Frances and her mother, the waiters and the
text: doctor, the hotel manager and the cooks: it’s as if time were
text: standing still, like in a fairy tale where every, stars and
text: extras, join together.
dialog: But only one person is truly moved by those simple violin
dialog: notes. And it’s not Fred Ballinger, it’s Mick Boyle. He has
text: tears in his eyes.
dialog: And only Fred Ballinger, of all the people there, has noticed
text: that Mick is moved. Fred looks at him impassively.
scene_heading: 61A. INT. HOTEL GYM. NIGHT
text: Lena, in a beautiful evening dress, stands at the foot of the
text: free-climbing wall, scrutinizing the height of the fake rock
dialog: face.
text: The mountaineer must have followed her because he’s coming up
text: behind her now. He approaches warily, intimidated, he’s
dialog: almost reached her.
dialog: 95.
text: A bundle of nerves and embarrassment, he adjusts his shirt,
text: surreptitiously straightens his hair, and then appears at her
text: side. Lena doesn’t even look at him, as if he didn’t exist.
text: He delivers an awkward opener.
speaker_heading: MOUNTAINEER
dialog: Would you like to try to climb?
text: Only at this point does Lena suddenly turn toward him. She
text: pierces him with a look that could not be more sensual, and
text: then addresses him in a serious, husky voice.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: Do you know that I can make a man
dialog: go wild in bed if I want?
text: The mountaineer, as though it were the only natural thing to
text: do, looks up, goes white as milk, and falls to the ground in
text: a faint. A loud thud.
text: Lena immediately abandons the role of the "femme fatale" and
text: becomes the apprehensive friend. She exclaims to herself.
speaker_heading: LENA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, fucking hell!
text: She leans over the mountaineer lying on the floor. She slaps
text: his cheeks to revive him. She’s scared.
speaker_heading: LENA (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir, sir! Wake up, fuck!
text: Slowly the mountaineer comes to. He opens his eyes and sees
text: Lena's worried face a few inches from his.
text: In a faint voice, the mountaineer says.
speaker_heading: MOUNTAINEER
dialog: It takes a lot less for you to make
dialog: aman go wild.
text: Lena smiles, relieved.
scene_heading: 61B. INT. HOTEL LOBBY. NIGHT
text: The chubby hooker sits alone on a couch, looking sad. The
text: lobby is deserted. Mick appears behind her and, without
text: mincing his words, says.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Okay, I've made up my mind, I went
text: to the ATM.
text: The hooker turns to look at him.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: And what would you want to do?
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: (serious) Go for a walk.
scene_heading: 61C. EXT. HOTEL GARDEN. NIGHT
text: Mick Boyle and the unattractive hooker stroll hand in hand,
text: like new lovers, through the garden with its centuries-old
dialog: trees.
text: That’s all they do. They don’t even look at each other as
text: they walk slowly, hand in hand.
text: While on a secluded bench, the two screenwriters suspected of
text: falling in love are, in fact, in love. They kiss with that
text: intensity of first kisses. Endless, exhausting kisses. All of
text: a sudden, the female screenwriter, without stopping kissing,
text: sees Mick and the young lady out of the corner of her eye.
scene_heading: 62. EXT. MOUNTAIN VILLAGE. TRAIN STATION. DAY
text: The small train station in this mountain village.
text: Mick Boyle and the five screenwriters, all of them blue, sit
text: side by side on a bench on the platform, waiting for the
text: train. The two lovers are holding hands.
text: After a silence, Mick breaks the ice.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Come on, kids, what’s with the long
dialog: faces? Hitches, delays in
dialog: screening, these things are
dialog: constants in our line of work. Get
dialog: used to it. I’ve already talked
dialog: with the producer, we just need a
dialog: little time to come up with another
dialog: actress and then the shooting
dialog: starts. It’s just a matter of
dialog: waiting a few more months.
scene_heading: INTELLECTUAL SCREENWRITER
dialog: What a bitch that Brenda Morel is.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Don't talk like that about Brenda
dialog: Morel.
scene_heading: SCREENWRITER IN LOVE
text: She goes where the wind blows.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Which is what we all do. And it's
dialog: what you all will do, in order to
dialog: survive in this jungle.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: SHY SCREENWRITER
dialog: It's not true that she came to
dialog: Europe specially to meet you, Mick.
dialog: I read that she's going to Cannes,
dialog: some charity ball at the Film
dialog: Festival.
text: The other screenwriters throw him dirty looks.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Let's not get carried away with all
dialog: this truth, now. Remember that
dialog: fiction is our passion.
scene_heading: FUNNY SCREENWRITER
dialog: Your film-testament is worth a
dialog: whole lot more than one more TV
dialog: series, Mick.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: My film-testament!? Let's not
dialog: overrate things. Most men die not
dialog: only without a testament, but
text: without anyone even noticing.
scene_heading: INTELLECTUAL SCREENWRITER
dialog: Most men aren’t great artists like
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: It makes no difference. Men,
dialog: artists, animals, plants - we're
dialog: all just extras.
text: The train has arrived. The doors open. The screenwriters grab
text: their backpacks and start boarding the train. The last to
text: climb aboard is the female screenwriter who hasn’t yet said a
text: word. Mick stays on the platform, watching them. Just before
text: the door closes, she turns to Mick and, with a beautiful
dialog: smile, says.
scene_heading: FEMALE SCREENWRITER
text: He’s on his deathbed, and he dies.
dialog: Only then does she say - and for
dialog: the first time - "I love you,
dialog: Michael."
text: Mick smiles, moved.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Perfect!
text: The door closes. The train pulls away and disappears around a
text: bend. Mick, sad now, turns and leaves the station.
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: 63. EXT. COUNTRY LANE. DAY
text: Mick, alone and disappointed, shuffles along the same country
text: lane. He’s all alone. It’s a glorious day. Brilliant sun.
text: Blue sky. Crisp air. Chirping cicadas. A paradise.
text: A woman's voice, as if it were coming from nowhere, calls
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Mick.
text: Mick turns to his left, where there is an immense
text: uncultivated field, the grass three feet high. He looks, but
text: can’t see anyone. But then, a woman dressed like a 1950s
text: stewardess materializes out of the grass. It was she who
text: called him, and now she adds anxiously.
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: How am I supposed to say this line,
dialog: Mick? I don’t get it.
text: Mick doesn’t even have time to respond before another woman -
text: she looks like a young Jean Seberg - pops up from the grass,
text: wearing a bikini. She sounds as if she is reciting a line
text: from a film, in an ostentatious, snobby voice.
speaker_heading: GIRL IN BIKINI
dialog: You may not know, James, that I
dialog: never even step foot on a yacht
dialog: that is less then 80 feet.
text: Next a ditsy blond with abundant curves, 1960s style, appears
text: out of the grass, and starts reciting.
speaker_heading: DITSY BLOND
dialog: Come on, guys, where did you hide
dialog: my lilac slippers? Enough already.
text: Mick watches and smiles radiantly.
text: Now a pious looking, middle-aged woman pops up and recites
text: emotionally, on the verge of tears.
speaker_heading: PIOUS WOMAN
dialog: Oh Albert, if only you knew how
dialog: much it has cost me to guard my
dialog: virginity all these years, until
dialog: today, until I met you!
text: A magnificent countess in a nineteenth-century gown rises up
text: out of the grass.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: Prince, I am the owner of six
dialog: castles and twenty carriages, but
dialog: there is only one thing I can
dialog: declare with certainty: life is so
dialog: tiresome.
text: And now a woman in the militant dress of 1968.
speaker_heading: 1968ER
dialog: Sure, we all want a revolution, as
dialog: long as it doesn’t tire us out too
dialog: much.
text: Mick looks happily at all his actresses, one by one, as they
text: recite lines from his films.
text: Another woman appears, about thirty-five, her back to us,
text: long, flowing red hair and bare shoulders. She turns to the
text: camera: a fabulous, authentic diva, dripping with allure. She
text: gives a sensual, nostalgic performance.
speaker_heading: DIVA
dialog: Okay, you win, I'll go to bed with
dialog: you, but on one condition. That you
dialog: don’t come. That way, Frank, that
dialog: way you'll never forget me.
text: One after another all of Mick’s actresses appear, popping up
text: out of the grass. Each one recites a line. The ones that have
text: been standing for a while just keep repeating the same line,
text: in a quieter voice.
text: In short, that field becomes a garden of actresses - all
dialog: types, all ages and eras, in all sorts of costumes (a
text: soldier, a little old lady, a drag queen, a vamp, a singer, a
text: gymnast, a ballerina with a tutu, etc.), all reciting their
dialog: lines for Mick.
text: The whining stewardess again.
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: How do you want it, Mick? Sincere,
dialog: smug, wicked? And my walk? How’s my
dialog: character supposed to move?
text: Mick is about to reply when yet another actress pops up and
text: steals his attention. More than all the others, this one
text: really shakes him up. He blurts out.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Mommy .
text: All the other actresses fall silent, leaving the stage to
dialog: this last actress.
dialog: 100.
text: It’s Brenda Morel, in costume: a cheap, ugly dressing gown,
text: decrepit, a pale shadow of her former beauty. She recites in
text: a neutral voice.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: You were so cute when you were
dialog: little, my boy. But what’s so
dialog: disgraceful is that you’re still
text: cute. A cute, useless man.
text: Mick’s eyes are shining. The silence of the empty field.
text: There’s no one there. The vision is over.
scene_heading: 64. INT. FRED BALLINGER’S SUITE. DAY
text: Fred and Mick are in Fred’s bedroom.
text: Fred in the armchair, Mick on the edge of the bed. Mick is
text: looking out the window. Calm and disappointed. Fred eyes him,
text: knowing what a difficult moment this is for his friend.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: So you talked to the producer?
text: Mick turns and looks at Fred.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: I’ve been in this business too long
dialog: not to know that without Brenda,
dialog: this film is never going to be
dialog: made.
text: Silence. Mick reflects.
text: Then Mick turns his gaze to Fred’s night stand. He looks at
text: the photograph of Fred and his wife hugging ten years
text: earlier. Old, but happy. And beautiful.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT’D)
dialog: Melanie is so beautiful in that
dialog: picture.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: You're right, she is beautiful.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: You know, I’ve come to realize
dialog: something, Fred. People are either
dialog: beautiful or ugly. The ones in
dialog: between are merely cute.
text: Fred smiles bitterly. So does Mick.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE (CONT’D)
dialog: So... another vacation almost over.
dialog: What will you do next, Fred?
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: What am I supposed to do? I’1l go
text: home, the usual routine.
speaker_heading: MICK BOYLE
dialog: Not me. I don’t do routine. You
dialog: know what I’m going to do, Fred?
dialog: I’m going to start on another film.
dialog: You say that emotions are
dialog: overrated, but that's bullshit.
dialog: Emotions are all we have.
text: Then Mick gets up, goes over to the glass door, opens it,
text: steps onto the balcony, and, with remarkable simplicity, puts
text: one foot on the wicker chair, the other on the railing, and
text: lets himself fall from the fifth floor.
text: Fred barely has time to stand up. Mick was so swift and so
dialog: unpredictable, he didn’t give his friend time to do anything
dialog: to save him.
scene_heading: 65. INT. AIRPLANE. DAY
text: The Boeing sits on the runway. In the background, the
dialog: mountains.
text: In a LONG SHOT from the back of the plane, we watch the
text: entire take off. The plane is full. We can see the back of
dialog: everybody’s necks from this angle.
text: A stewardess strolls down the aisle. She turns politely to a
text: distinguished looking man.
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: Excuse me, sir, but you’1ll have to
dialog: switch off your cell phone.
text: The LONG SHOT continues.
text: All of a sudden, from the other end of the plane - from
text: business class, which is separated by a little curtain from
text: where we are - comes a hoarse, monstrous cry. It goes on and
text: on, a broken, bloodcurdling sound.
text: All the passengers stretch their necks toward the little
text: curtain, surprised. The stewardess dashes at full speed
text: toward business class.
text: The camera begins a long, slow tracking shot down the aisle
text: toward business class.
text: As the dolly moves, the monstrous, deranged screams, which
text: seem to be those of a woman, echo throughout the cabin. More
text: female cries, and the sound of a scuffle.
text: The camera has arrived at the little curtain. It makes its
text: way under it and enters business class.
dialog: 102.
text: The screams still persist, but they’re fading now.
text: By now all the passengers are on their feet, gawking.
text: The camera elbows its way to the passageway in front of the
text: cockpit and the exit door.
text: We hear a jumble of confused voices, a muffled moan, and an
text: incomprehensible commotion.
text: The camera has arrived at the center of the action: five
text: stewardesses, done in by the physical strain, are literally
text: immobilizing someone on the floor. One of them has a bloody
dialog: lip.
text: The camera goes to find out who it is, moaning and shaking
text: feebly.
text: It’s Brenda Morel stretched out there on the floor of the
text: plane, deranged, her torn dress riding up, revealing an old
text: lady's flesh-colored slip, her make-up smudged, her face
text: barely recognizable, disfigured by pain and tears, her words
text: fragmented and incomprehensible, frightening.
text: She is bald. Her wig must have fallen off in the scuffle with
text: the stewardesses.
text: A close-up of Brenda’s face. We now realize what she is
text: saying. Exhausted but determined, she keeps mumbling to the
text: stewardesses who are holding her down.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Let me off, you fucking bitches,
dialog: let me off this damn plane
dialog: immediately.
text: The pilot comes out of the cockpit, breathless. He speaks to
dialog: Brenda.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Okay, lady, you win. I just got
text: clearance from the control tower.
dialog: We're going to let you off now.
scene_heading: 66. EXT. HILL. DAY
text: Scattered across the hill, the usual cows with their bells
text: ringing randomly.
text: Fred is sitting on a rock facing them. He watches the
text: animals, his face blank.
text: Then he closes his eyes. The camera zooms in slowly. Fred
text: moves his arm, as if directing an orchestra, but this time
dialog: nothing happens.
text: The cowbells keep ringing in random, anarchic fashion.
dialog: 103.
text: Fred, his eyes still closed, makes a vexed gesture. He moves
text: his arm more energetically this time, but still nothing. He
text: can’t seem to concentrate and compose in his mind.
text: He is in need of music, but music no longer has need of him.
text: He opens his eyes. The cows are still there, in front of him.
text: And in a loud voice he issues a command, a pretty stupid
dialog: thing to say to a bunch of cows.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Be quiet.
text: But the cows and their cowbells ignore him.
text: Fred drops his head slightly. He’s exhausted. His eyes shine
dialog: with grief.
text: Then, something surprising happens. Without any warning, a
text: parachutist lands silently in the middle of the cows.
text: Fred looks at him. The parachute collapses on top of the man,
text: covering him completely.
text: He struggles to free himself, then looks around in surprise
text: and realizes he has landed in the wrong place, right in the
text: middle of a herd of cows.
text: He looks at Fred and says calmly.
speaker_heading: PARACHUTIST
dialog: I don’t think this was where I was
dialog: supposed to land.
text: And, without waiting for a reply, he heads off across the
dialog: hill.
text: As Fred watches him, his eyes still wet with tears, he
dialog: smiles.
scene_heading: 67. INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE. DAY
text: A magnificent bow window that looks out onto the mountains,
text: with an antique wooden birdcage. It’s a gorgeous, round
text: structure, with a magnificent blackbird inside.
text: The bird is chirping a simple, perfect song.
text: We are in the office of the sixty-year-old doctor. He is
text: standing behind his desk, staring with dismay and concern at
text: Fred Ballinger, who is sitting on the other side of the desk,
text: ecstatically contemplating the singing blackbird.
text: The doctor beings in a tactful voice.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Will you be going to Los Angeles
dialog: for the funer--
text: Fred interrupts him.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Ssshhhh!
text: The doctor falls silent.
text: Fred, his face vacant, stands up and shuffles over to the
text: window, to hear the bird’s song up close.
text: The doctor too turns and looks at the bird, which suddenly -
text: and for no apparent reason - stops singing.
text: Fred turns to the doctor and says, all in one go.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER (CONT’D)
dialog: Birds are such artists! No, I’m not
dialog: going to Los Angeles. I’m not going
dialog: to Mick Boyle’s funeral. And I
dialog: won't come back here on holiday
dialog: either. Because it’s absolutely
dialog: pointless to return to the places
dialog: where you have been happy. Because
dialog: you have to learn how to look
text: everything else in the face.
text: The doctor nods sadly.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER (CONT’D)
dialog: Why exactly did you call me in
dialog: here, doctor? What is it you wanted
dialog: to tell me?
text: The doctor sits on his desk. He picks up a medical file and
text: opens it.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I have the results of all the check-
dialog: ups you’ve been doing during your
dialog: holiday.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: And what do they say?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: You're as healthy as a horse, Mr.
dialog: Ballinger.
text: Fred, hopeful almost, asks.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: My prostate at least?
text: The doctor is surprised.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Your prostate? You’ve never had a
dialog: problem with your prostate. And if
dialog: you haven’t had any problems so
dialog: far, you're certainly not going to
dialog: start having them now.
text: Fred looks up at the doctor. Completely unexpectedly, he
text: smiles. And says.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: So I’ve grown old, but without
dialog: understanding how I got here.
text: The doctor gives him a sad smile.
text: Fred turns and looks out the window. In the distance, he
text: spots the young masseuse who is quickly crossing the hotel
text: garden in her white work smock. She moves quickly and
text: gracefully, and Fred watches her with that same tinge of
text: melancholy, while the doctor says to him.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: So... do you know what awaits you
dialog: outside of here?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: No, doctor, what?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (smiles) Youth.
text: The doctor reflects for a moment, growing sad.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Mick Boyle used to come by pretty
dialog: often for a chat.
text: Fred watches the masseuse disappear behind a row of trees and
text: jump into the pool. Then he asks the doctor.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: By any chance, did he ever tell you
dialog: anything about Gilda Black?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: He never talked about anything
dialog: else.
text: Fred's ears perk up. He’s consumed by curiosity. But he tries
text: to hide it, in order to get the answers he is after.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: Was she his girlfriend?
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: “Girlfriend” is way too much. The
dialog: only thing that ever happened was
dialog: one time, when they were kids, they
dialog: held hands and walked together for
text: a few yards in some park.
text: Fred smiles to himself.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: He used to call it "The moment I
dialog: learned to ride a bike." Didn’t he
dialog: ever tell you about it?
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: No. We only ever told each other
dialog: the good things.
scene_heading: 68. EXT. VENICE. (VARIOUS SETTINGS). NIGHT
dialog: Venice is so beautiful. And mysterious. And unique.
text: Especially at night, when the city is still, deserted,
dialog: abandoned seeming, when even the most diehard tourists have
text: fallen into the arms of Morpheus.
text: Canals, narrow streets, Saint Mark’s Square. Everything
text: unmoving and statuesque.
text: But then he appears. In the distance, small and vulnerable,
text: with that tiny, old-man shuffle of his. And flowers, he’s
text: carrying flowers. It’s Fred Ballinger. He’s walking all by
text: himself through this mysterious city. He crosses a small
text: bridge. A motorboat glides underneath, not making a sound.
scene_heading: 68A. EXT. CEMETERY. DAWN
text: A speedboat-taxi skirts the walls of the cemetery. Fred
text: Ballinger sits onboard, serious and tired, staring into the
text: void, the flowers in his lap.
text: In the cemetery, he crosses the long avenues dotted with
text: tombs. He’s looking for someone. He approaches a few tombs,
dialog: but can’t remember. And besides, he doesn’t have much of a
dialog: sense of direction.
text: There, he’s finally found it. He stands in front of the tomb
text: of Igor Stravinsky. But he keeps holding the flowers firmly
text: in his hands.
scene_heading: 68B. EXT. VENICE. (VARIOUS SETTINGS). DAY
text: Fred knows the way now. He shuffles along a narrow street
text: that borders a canal. He turns a corner and stops. He looks
text: up sadly and sees the sign for a private clinic.
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: 69. INT. CLINIC. PRIVATE ROOM. DAY
text: Fred, flowers in hand, stands in a room of the clinic. A
text: sober, private room. And he looks. He’s looking at a bed near
text: the window where we see from behind an elderly woman,
text: motionless, her hair loose, her forehead leaning against the
dialog: window.
text: Fred plucks up his courage and arranges the flowers in a
text: small plastic vase on the night stand. Then he pulls the
text: photo he had in the hotel out of his pocket and places it
text: next to the flowers. He sits down near her, his back to her.
text: He looks at the floor and, filled with an unusual shyness, he
dialog: says.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER
dialog: I waited till it was visiting hours
dialog: to come see you.
text: Fred stares at the woman's back under the sheet.
text: Fred is expressionless.
text: There is no noise.
text: Then, without emotion, without any intonation, Fred begins to
text: talk, in a simple, unhurried manner.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER (CONT’D)
dialog: They don’t know, Melanie. Children
dialog: can’t know their parents’ ordeals.
dialog: Sure, they know certain details,
dialog: the most striking elements, those
dialog: they know. They know what they need
dialog: to know in order to side with one
dialog: or the other. They need to simplify
dialog: things. And they’re right. But they
dialog: don’t know. They can’t know. They
dialog: don’t know how I trembled the first
dialog: time I saw you on that stage. And
dialog: the orchestra laughing behind my
dialog: back at my falling in love, at my
dialog: unexpected fragility. They don’t
dialog: know that you sold your mother’s
dialog: jewelry so I could finish my second
dialog: piece, when everyone was turning me
dialog: down and saying I was a
text: presumptuous, inelegant musician.
dialog: They don’t know that you too - and
dialog: you were right - thought at the
dialog: time that I was a presumptuous,
dialog: inelegant musician, and you cried
dialog: nonstop, not because you had sold
dialog: your mother’s jewels but because
dialog: you had sold your mother. They
dialog: don’t know how you loved me, and
dialog: how I loved you. Only we know that.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: FRED BALLINGER (CONT’D)
dialog: They don’t know what we were
dialog: together, you and I, despite
dialog: everything. And that “despite
dialog: everything” that was so exhausting,
dialog: so painful, so hard. Melanie, they
dialog: can never know that we two, despite
dialog: everything, liked to think of
dialog: ourselves as a simple song.
text: He’s done. He gets up from his chair and stands on his toes,
text: as if trying to see his wife’s face, but he gives up
dialog: immediately. He can’t handle it emotionally. So he simply
text: stretches out his hand and moves his wife’s arm few inches,
dialog: so that it is in what he hopes is a more comfortable
dialog: position.
scene_heading: 70. EXT. VENICE. HOSPITAL. NIGHT
text: Fred leaves the hospital. He walks toward the camera until we
text: have a close up of his face. Behind him, on the mezzanine, we
text: glimpse Fred’s wife, her forehead leaning against the glass
text: and her mouth open.
text: But only a glimpse, because from here she seems so far away.
text: Fred stands still and reflects. He starts to turn around, to
text: look back at his wife, but he can’t bring himself to. He
text: desists and looks straight ahead again. Then he takes a candy
text: from his pocket, unwraps it, and pops it in his mouth.
text: He tries again to turn toward his wife, who is still there,
text: far away, behind the glass, as if she were watching him
text: instead of merely staring at nothing. But once again, Fred
text: doesn’t have the courage to look her in the face. He holds
text: the candy wrapper between his fingers, but this time he
text: doesn’t rub it. He throws it in the canal in front of him.
text: Tired and tested, Fred reflects. And as he does so, ina
text: close up shot, the violin from “Simple Song No.3” begins to
text: sound, but this time, we sense right away, it is played by a
text: violin virtuoso, not a boy just starting out.
scene_heading: 71. INT. THEATER. EVENING
text: Absolute silence, two empty chairs with gold trim.
text: An elegantly dressed audience has filled the theater.
text: Without warning, without any signal, the entire audience
text: rises to its feet in eerie silence. Two individuals have
text: entered the theater. We catch a glimpse of them through the
text: backdrop of people. Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip.
text: They sit in the gold trimmed chairs. We see their royal
text: outlines backlit by the lights of the stage.
dialog: 109.
text: The audience can sit down again.
text: A violin virtuoso plays the opening bars of “Simple Song
dialog: No.3”. Adagio, moderate volume.
text: Prince Philip, in a backlit shot, his eyes full of joy,
text: expectant and excited. The eyes of a child.
text: On the stage, the great South Korean soprano, Sumi Jo,
text: swallows secretly, overcome with panic and emotion. She gets
text: ready to sing.
text: Backlit, Queen Elizabeth glances at her consort and is happy.
text: The Queen’s emissary, in the back of a box, observes from
text: afar the happy Queen and Prince Philip, but he is still a
text: ball of tension.
text: Sumi Jo opens her mouth wide and practically knocks the house
text: down when she breaks into a perfect, heart-rending love song.
text: The large audience of extremely elegant guests jumps out of
text: their chairs slightly, as if hypnotized by the soprano’s
dialog: voice.
text: Sumi Jo's high note is over. It didn’t last long.
text: Fred Ballinger, concentrating intensely, in perfect control
text: of himself, gracefully waves his baton, and the entire
text: orchestra joins in. Strings and wind instruments play in
text: unison, the music rises, and the whole audience gets goose
dialog: bumps.
text: Jimmy Tree is there, alone, without any of his friends. He
text: leans forward slowly on his chair; his eyes shine with
text: childlike excitement.
text: It's beautiful, this plaintive Simple Song No.3 as it
text: unfolds...
scene_heading: 72. EXT. MOUNTAIN CLIFF. DAY
text: +. close ups of Lena and the hippy mountaineer. Very close
text: together. Close enough to kiss, if she weren’t trembling so
dialog: much.
text: He laughs, like a moron. They’re so close. Then he stops
text: laughing. He looks at her. He holds her close. She stops
text: trembling. She looks at him.
dialog: We know they will kiss, but not now.
text: The camera zooms out.
dialog: 110.
text: Lena and the mountaineer are hanging in mid-air at ten
text: thousand feet. Nothing below them. She clinging to him. Kept
text: alive by a rope and some carabiners.
scene_heading: 73. INT. THEATER. EVENING
text: Fred waves his arm and the strings and winds grow fainter,
text: until they finally disappear. Just the violin now.
text: Fred looks at Sumi Jo. He signals with his eyes for her to
dialog: come in.
text: Sumi Jo opens her mouth again, another clamorous, long,
dialog: perfect high note.
text: Fred can’t help but stare at the Japanese soprano as she
dialog: delivers that extraordinary sound.
text: And she looks at him.
text: Fred keeps looking at her, but it’s as if he is seeing
dialog: someone else...
scene_heading: 74. EXT. VENICE. HOSPITAL. DAY
text: .»». as if he’s seeing her. His wife Melanie.
text: Sumi Jo's high note continues in this scene.
text: The camera zooms in slowly on the hospital mezzanine. A close
text: up of Melanie. Her loose white hair, her face ravaged by
text: disease, her eyes lost in an abyss, and her mouth open, as if
dialog: she were singing.
scene_heading: 75. INT. THEATER. EVENING
text: A close-up of Sumi Jo, mouth open, still hitting that high
dialog: note.
text: Fred Ballinger looks at her, skillfully hiding any emotion.
text: Sumi Jo looks at Fred Ballinger. She waits. And, at the crisp
text: closing of his hand, she suddenly, skillfully, ends that
dialog: crazy high note.
text: The orchestra moves to the conclusion.
text: With a sharp, clear movement of his wand, Fred Ballinger
text: brings the music to a close.
text: The orchestra stops.
text: Absolute silence. The world has stopped spinning.
dialog: 111.
text: The Queen’s emissary lets out a huge sigh of relief. It’s
dialog: over.
text: Jimmy Tree is sitting upright in his chair, his mouth half-
text: open, as if suspended in astonishment and excitement. He
text: waits to see what will happen next.
text: Slowly, with learned gestures, Fred Ballinger turns toward
text: the audience. No self-satisfaction, at least not now.
text: He is impassive, a sphinx, a professional. Yes, that’s what
dialog: he is, a professional.
text: The members of the audience fan out below him. Their eyes
text: wet, deeply moved.
text: Fred Ballinger, imperturbable, waits for them to recover from
text: the emotion. He knows that they need a few more seconds for
text: emotion to give way to applause.
text: We know they will applaud, but not now. Not yet.
text: And in the silence, FADE TO BLACK.
text: Slowly, calmly, the closing credits begin.
dialog: Paolo Sorrentino
dialog: April 2014
dialog: 
