dialog: 
dialog: Texas Chainsaw Massacre 5 script
dialog: If
dialog: you want to link to this script please do so by linking to my index page.
dialog: If you want to add this script to
dialog: your site do not
dialog: take it; please also link to my index page and then visitors will be able
dialog: to visit it through my site.
dialog: This script is under copyright law
dialog: (see bottom of script) so please do not take it for your site unless you
dialog: have the consent of the author Joshua Neal.
dialog: View the statistics for this page
dialog: here:
text: _________________________________________
scene_heading: OVER BLACK SCREEN: 1
dialog: 
dialog: Flash Excerpts of Radio broadcast
dialog: are heard as the
text: CREDITS appear.
dialog: V.O.
dialog: August 18, 1973, news of a
text: bizarre, chainsaw wielding
dialog: family -- Reports which were
dialog: to ignite the world's imag-
dialog: -ination -- began to filter
dialog: out of central Texas. Regret-
dialog: -tably, not one of the family
dialog: members were apprehended, and
dialog: for more than ten years, noth-
dialog: -ing was further heard. Then,
dialog: over the next several years,
dialog: at least two minor, yet apar-
dialog: -rently related incidents were
dialog: reported. Then again... nothing.
dialog: For five long years...Silence.
dialog: Then...yet another series of
dialog: related incidents occurred...
dialog: New evidence and studies from
dialog: The FBI, show that all five of
dialog: the related incidents were done
text: by separate, cannibalistic
dialog: clans, and that none of the in-
dialog: -cidents were connected in any-
dialog: -way. The idea that all have
dialog: used a chainsaw, and show cases
dialog: of cannibalism, necrophelia,
dialog: homosexuality, and transvestitism,
dialog: are in no way connected to each
dialog: other, and if they are, it is
dialog: purely coincidental. Although
dialog: theories have circulated, and
dialog: FBI officials have talked, the
dialog: only worthwhile conclusion is
dialog: these people, whoever "They"
dialog: may be, use the chainsaw, use
dialog: sodomistic practices, and trans-
dialog: vestitism, as a sign of their
dialog: particular life style-- a cult.
dialog: Religious, or not religious,
dialog: they are believed to have prac-
dialog: -ticed the works, of the late
text: Ed Gein. A man who has sparked
dialog: imagination of Hollywood since
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: V.O (CONT'D)
dialog: 1974, a year after the first
dialog: Texas Chainsaw Massacre was re-
dialog: ported. We are Dawning on a new
dialog: century. All of the Gein clans
dialog: have believed to be apprehended
dialog: ... accept one, and they are
dialog: The Master Clan.
speaker_heading: TITLE SEQUENCE:
dialog: Real Solution: A Texas Chainsaw Massacre
speaker_heading: ROLL CREDITS:
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
scene_heading: INT. CAR (MOVING) - NIGHT
text: Two women, obviously tired,fatigued, and with lack of rest
text: slowly truck it down a lonely Texas highway. The two, both of them, very different;
dialog: both in their own way, might have not have shared fashion tips, but can carry a
dialog: conversation all across Texas if they wanted to. They were both: Very Verbal Women.
text: The girl behind the wheel, a persona that leaked through her
text: presence,like icing on a hot cake, gave off the appearance
text: of the rebel of the group. Her eyes even read "Bad Ass
text: Bitch."-- as she shoved the gear into fifth, and put it on cruise control. Her name is
speaker_heading: Leslie FINCH
dialog: The girl (or the more PC term for her is the SCREAM QUEEN)
text: on the passenger side, gives off no presence. Almost as if
text: there was no presence to give off. All the signs of In-
text: -teligent life are on the driver's side. Her name is KATE
dialog: She, is you typical BUFFY like character. Y'know, No brains, and VERY easy. She's
dialog: a prep/tramp -- you know the
text: type. KATE puts her book down, shining off a look of sheer
text: boredom, and like a tractor beam, she points it in the
text: direction on FINCH, and Finch can't help but look over,
text: because the innocent looking puppy dog face is
dialog: irresistible.
dialog: 3
text: The look is making Finch uncomfortable, and she twists her head around popping her
text: neck in long-day discomfort, and sighs.
text: Kate puts on puppy dog face, her eyes deeper, and more piercing than before.
text: Finch loses it.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Listen! There is nothing to
dialog: discuss. We are not stopping
dialog: for the night. We need to just
dialog: keep on drivin'.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: Pleeease! ...besides...I can
dialog: barely keep my eyes open.
dialog: wh...then what? What happens?
dialog: I'll tell you.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Knock yourself out.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: We're screwed, royally. And,
dialog: If I fall asleep...most likely
dialog: you will too.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: If I get tired,
dialog: (sure)
dialog: Which is not very likely.
dialog: (calming down)
dialog: I will, pull over on the side
dialog: of the rode -- no big deal.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: ...And get slaughtered, by that
dialog: ... guy, what's his name? the
dialog: Texas Chainsaw Massacre. Leather-
dialog: -face? No honey. I don' think so.
dialog: We are pulling over in the next
dialog: town, and we are checkin' into
dialog: a hotel.
speaker_heading: FINCH 4
dialog: Kate? Could you please spare
dialog: me this hacker,slasher bull-
dialog: -shit. Leatherface? The Texas
dialog: Chainsaw Massacre? Dammit!
dialog: Listen to yourself! Four words
text: It's a horror movie. Three more
dialog: It-aint-real -- Jesus.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Finch? I thought you knew.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Know about what, Kate.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (seriously
dialog: concerned)
dialog: That is a true story, Finch.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: True story my ass...
text: Finch grabs a cigarette from the dashboard, presses the filter between her lips, and
dialog: charges the car lighter, after
text: she pushes the button to roll down the window.
speaker_heading: FINCH (CONT'D)
dialog: I am not, for one second;
dialog: gonna believe that cockamamie
dialog: bullshit.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: I did a paper on the guy my
dialog: junior year. His name is Ed
dialog: Gein.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Kate, even if he is real, what
dialog: makes you think he'll find us.
dialog: What makes you think that I'll
dialog: run into him? What makes you
dialog: think that we are anywhere near
dialog: him? And listen to me, I'm startin'
dialog: To think like you are! All that
dialog: mumbo jumbo bullshit is rubbin'
dialog: onto me.
dialog: 5
text: The head of the carlighter pops up with a metallic THUD.
text: She yanks it out, and pulls it up to her cigarette, which has been in her mouth the whole
text: time, then lights it.
text: She takes a drag with comforting ease, and her eyes roll up
text: as she exhales.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: What about gas, you are runnin'
dialog: a little low Finch, College
dialog: Station would be a perfect stop
dialog: to get some gas, and sleep for
dialog: the night.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Kate, Your Roommate has spoken.
dialog: We are not stoppin'. Not until
dialog: we reach our destination.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: You don't have enough gas to get
dialog: to Huntsville and you know it.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I have enough gas, godammit, I
text: have more than half a tank left.
text: Finch takes another drag as Kate continues to aggravate
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Please Finch. I'll pay for both
dialog: rooms. Separate Rooms for the
dialog: both of us.
text: Finch exhales and sighs simultaneously.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: You could sleep in the car any
dialog: other night, but nooooo...
dialog: we're in Texas -- god forbid --
dialog: And we have to sleep in a hotel
dialog: because Kate is afraid of the
dialog: ....fuckin... what's his name
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Ed Gein.
dialog: 6
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: No, that other silly name you
dialog: came up with. What was it?
dialog: Uh...skinface? Scarface? What?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Leatherface.
text: Finch looks at her with disbelief.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: You are Psycho!
text: After that as if on cue, the headlights dim, and the light above them darkens, as the car
text: slows down.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Shit!
text: The car CRAWLS to a complete stop, and it COUGHS it's last
text: breath of light, and goes to SHUTDOWN MODE, as it sits there
text: embarrassingly low on juice.
dialog: Darkness. Don't forget that they are in the middle of the
text: woods, with no streetlights, and no houses for miles.
text: The only source of light is the cherry on Finch's cigarette.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Are you graspin' the situation?
dialog: 'Cause in case you are, we are
dialog: stuck out here because the battery
dialog: is dead. The battery that you said
dialog: was fine, and if you would have
dialog: stopped when I asked you too, we-
dialog: -would-not-be-in-this-situation!
text: Finch gives her a look.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Shut the fuck up. I'm graspin'
dialog: the situation Katlin. I do real-
dialog: -ize the situation at hand. And
dialog: if you would shut up for one
dialog: second, maybe I grasp a solution
dialog: to the situation! Shut the fuggup!
dialog: (she pauses)
dialog: All right, I thoughtta somthin'.
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FINCH
text: We get out, push the car onto
dialog: the side of the road, and we
dialog: sleep.
text: They are blinded by a set of headlights coming down the road. The monstrous ROAR
dialog: of the engine, gives the fact away
text: that it is a truck, a HUGE, LOUD truck.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Thank God, maybe he's gotta
dialog: battery.
text: The TRUCK rides into view, making the once dark highway
dialog: light as day (within a certain radius).
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY (NEAR TRUCK AND CAR) - NIGHT
text: A TALL MAN hops out of the truck, and makes a bee-line
text: over to the car.
text: He YANKS a flashlight from his utility belt, and shines
text: it into the car.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT
text: The Flashlight, BLINDS the girl's eyes.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Shit.
text: Finch rolls down the window, and extends a hand to greet
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Hi.
text: The TALL MAN turns off the flashlight, and puts forward his
text: hand to greet hers.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: Hi.
dialog: 8
speaker_heading: TALL MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Looks like ya have a problem
dialog: with your car, ma'am.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Yeah, well... Our battery it's
dialog: ...kinda screwed.
text: The TALL MAN let's out a war-hearted laugh.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: Well, me'n my brother, we'd
dialog: be glad to help.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Thank you very much.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: Oh, don't worry about it ma'am.
dialog: It's a pleasure. Anything to
dialog: help out a couple of nice girls
dialog: as y'self.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Thank You.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: Hi, m'names Vilmer.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Hi, I'm Kate, and this
dialog: (pointing to Finch)
dialog: is Finch.
text: The VILMER tips his cowboy hat with his flashlight.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Much obliged. Well... There
dialog: isn't a town out here for miles.
dialog: Now... I on the other hand, live
text: just a few miles down the road,
dialog: and it just so happens, we have
text: a brand new battery in he shed
dialog: that's just achin' to be used.
text: Kate smiles, charmed by Vilmer's SOUTHERN HOSPITALITY.
speaker_heading: FINCH 9
dialog: Thanks Vilmer, we'd appreciate
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Yeah, the way I see it, we'll
dialog: head back to my place, get you
dialog: girls a battery, and we'll have
dialog: you back on the road in about
text: an hour. But for the meantime,
dialog: we'll have to get your car off
dialog: the road, and yall kind ride
dialog: with me.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Well, we wouldn't want to be an
dialog: inconvenience. I mean... we can
dialog: wait here if you'd like.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Oh, lord no! I wouldn't leave two
dialog: lovely ladies such's y'self out
dialog: here in the dark, that's just
dialog: not right.
text: The two girls smile IMPRESSED by his bedside manner.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: N'besides, yall two look a little
dialog: tired, we'll make sure you get
dialog: somthin' to eat before you get
text: back on the road.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (thankful)
dialog: Oh...thank you.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: It's no problem at all.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: You really wouldn't mind.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Of course not, me'n my brothers,
dialog: well... we'd love to have you
dialog: for dinner.
dialog: 10
text: Finch lets out a warm smile, looks at Kate; then back to
dialog: Vilmer.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Well... if it's no convenience...
dialog: we'd love to.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Great. Now... we need to get
dialog: this car off the road.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY (NEAR THE TRUCK AND CAR) - NIGHT
text: Vilmer and his brother BONES are pushing the car off to
text: the side of the road, and are finishing the job as of now.
text: The two brothers walk over to the two ladies, who are by
text: their truck, Kate: Trying to keep warm, and Finch: Smoking
dialog: a cigarette.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Finch, Kate. I'd like you to
dialog: meet my brother, Bones.
speaker_heading: KATE FINCH
dialog: Hi Bones. Hi, how are you.
dialog: Bones strikes us as a kind-sorta STRANGE person.
text: He speaks in a rapid pace, stuttering, and running almost
text: all of his words together.
speaker_heading: BONES
dialog: Hi, ladies, Hi ladies, how do
dialog: you do, I'm fine, I'm fine, of
dialog: course I'm fine, but that's not
dialog: the case, of course we're we're
dialog: talking about you, and you look
dialog: fine, you do look fine, but thats
dialog: why I'm asking you, I'm asking you
dialog: (to Vilmer)
dialog: Ohhh (laughter of joy) they look
dialog: marvelous don't they, simply
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: BONES (CONT'D)
dialog: Marvelous, They're pretty
dialog: pretty ladies, pretty, yes
dialog: they are, wonderful simply
dialog: wonderful.
dialog: (to the ladies)
dialog: How do you do, you do look
dialog: lovely, you do, you do, look
dialog: at me I'm rambling, I'm
dialog: rambling, I'm rambling --
dialog: I need to stop, but you do
dialog: you do, seriously you do
dialog: you look very lovely you
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Bones, that's very nice of
dialog: you.
dialog: (to the ladies)
dialog: C'mon, I'll show you the back
dialog: back cab.
text: Vilmer escorts the two ladies to the cab, leaving
text: Bones, who gets in on the passenger side.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I don't mean to say something
dialog: that offends you but...
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Oh..Bones
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: He's all right, it's just that
dialog: well... ever since his mother
dialog: died, he's been a little on the
dialog: depressed side, and the way he
dialog: talks is just how... I dunno
dialog: ... how he deals with it.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I'm sorry I asked, Vilmer.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Oh, No problem. C'mon let's get
dialog: to it.
speaker_heading: KATE 12
dialog: Okay, we promise, we'll be
dialog: quiet now.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Talk all you want, but, I'll
dialog: be in front, and if you want a
dialog: beer or somthin' there's some
text: in the cooler.
text: The two girls hop into the back cab.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Thanks Vilmer, we really do
dialog: appreciate this.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Ya'll be careful back there.
text: Kate shuts the door to the back cab and Vilmer walks
text: around to the front cab and gets in, and they ride off
text: down the road.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK (MOVING) - NIGHT
text: Vilmer and the ladies are having a conversation, while
text: Bones holds his small handheld radio, listening intently
dialog: in his own private world.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Vilmer, I'm sorry, I forgot
dialog: to ask, but... do you mind
dialog: if I smoke?
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Yeah I mind... but now...
dialog: if you offer me one... I
dialog: uh... might change my mind.
text: Finch let's out a warm hearted laugh.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Fair enough.
text: Finch pulls out her pack of cigarettes, and hands him 13
dialog: one.
text: Vilmer accepts it. Pulls out his shiny silver zippo, and
dialog: lights it.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: I appreciate it.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: No problem.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (coughing)
dialog: You need to quit smoking.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: (blowing smoke in
dialog: Kate's face)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Never mind.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TEXAS BACKWOODS - NIGHT
text: The truck turns a swift corner, and starts to drive down
text: a lonely road, with no name.
text: No lights, and the howls of a thousand wolves.
text: As they speed down the road into darkness, eventually,
text: they disappear into the darkness.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK (MOVING) - NIGHT
text: Kate is showing slight sense of discomfort.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: So... Do you live down here?
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Yeah... It's a more charmin'
speaker_heading: VILMER(CONT'D)
dialog: in the mornin', when you can 14
dialog: actually see the place. Used
dialog: to be a big game preserve,be-
dialog: -fore our family bought it.
scene_heading: EXT. TEXAS BACKWOODS - NIGHTS
text: The truck pulls up to a backwoods country house. Noticeable
text: only because of the lights that are on inside.
text: The four in the truck get out. But our attention is not based on them. We FOLLOW a
text: trail that leads behind the
dialog: barn.
text: We turn the corner, and PAN AROUND to reveal the backside
dialog: of the barn.
text: What we see is completely out of the ordinary.
text: Tied to the barn, hanging,swinging in the wind is a head-
text: -less nude female corpse -- gutted and bleeding on the mud below.
text: On the ground, a mound of flesh, insides, and red mesh
text: is attracting a swarm of flies.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY HOUSE - NIGHT
text: It's normal. Typical, and most of all comforting. Obviously
text: a deadly cover. The front door enters into the dining room.
text: which is connected to the kitchen.
text: The far wall is connected to a threshold, which leads us to
dialog: the living room.
text: On the right end, are a set of recliners, separated by coffee tables.
dialog: On the extreme right is a Entertainment Center, You have your TV, VCR, and a set of
text: family pictures. In front of the entertainment center, is a huge luxurious chair, old, yet
text: comfortable, it's back is to us -- and if someone is sitting in the chair, we are unable to
dialog: tell.
text: The TV glows in the dim-lit room.
dialog: 15
text: Vilmer and Bones open the door in the Kitchen, escorting the two ladies inside.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: You two ladies wait right
dialog: here. I want to check and
dialog: see if my older brother's
dialog: got his clothes on.
dialog: (to Bones)
dialog: Bones, keep'em company okay?
speaker_heading: BONES
dialog: Righty-O, Righty-O.
text: Vilmer walks into the living room -- over to the chair
text: in front of the TV.
text: He stay over by the threshold as Vilmer lays it all down to the character in the chair in
dialog: whisper.
text: It is faint but we can hear some of it.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Found some fresh meat Mom.
text: The character, a MAN, speaks back to him in whisper.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Good for you, son -- I'm
dialog: very proud of you.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Thank you momma.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Do they know anything?
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Not yet momma, just the way
dialog: you like it. And their both
dialog: pretty, pretty ladies.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Son, you did a good thing,
dialog: Now... when Jefferson gets
dialog: here... You can make'em just
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: how you like'em. 16
text: Vilmer obviously loving, and caring for whoever's in the
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Thank you momma.
text: Vilmer leans over to the MAN, his face hidden by the back
text: of the chair. We hear a soft SMOOCH.
text: Vilmer gets up and heads back into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Finch? Kate? I'll show you
dialog: where the battery is after
dialog: dinner, but for now, we need
dialog: to wait for my brother Jefferson.
dialog: He should be here any second.
dialog: So while we wait, why don't we
dialog: just sit down, and talk a little
dialog: bit.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I don't say this often -- probably
dialog: because we dont get much company
dialog: but... It's nice to have you here
dialog: because me'n Bones, we really
dialog: don't get out much.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Thanks Vilmer.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: My brother should be here.
text: A FLASH from outside headlights make the dim-lit house
dialog: go bright.
text: A smile spreads on Vilmer's face.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Well, Well. Speak of the Devil.
text: A skinny man, semi-good looking - kind of a rugged
text: handsomeness, walks into the kitchen door, sporting
text: a police uniform.
dialog: 17
scene_heading: GOOD LOOKING MAN
dialog: Hey Vilmer!
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Hey man, how ya doin'!
dialog: (to the ladies)
dialog: Ladies, this is my brother
dialog: Jefferson.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Hi, Jefferson
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: Hello ladies.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: We were just about to sit down
dialog: and have a little chit chat.
text: Jefferson looks at the two ladies with a polite smile.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Vilmer? Do you mind if I
dialog: use the ladies room.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: I'm sorry little lady, but...
dialog: when your a guest with of a
dialog: bunch of a heterosexual males...
dialog: I'm afraid your gonna have to
dialog: improvise with what we got.
text: Finch laughs.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I guess that'll do.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Fair enough.
speaker_heading: KATE 18
dialog: Do you mind if I go too?
dialog: I have to go put my make-
dialog: -up on.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: Knock yourself out.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Thanks.
text: The two ladies get up and head to the restroom, which past
dialog: the den.
text: The two brothers look at each other, with a gaping grin.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Now it's on.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: Oh, baby!
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Run out to the shed'n get
dialog: the chainsaw, and my shotgun.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: Check.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Finch is sitting on the pot, while Kate is leaning over
text: the counter, looking into the mirror, while she puts on her make-up.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: They seem like nice people
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: EXT. SHED - NIGHT
text: Jefferson scrambles into the shed and grabs the chainsaw.
text: And looks around for the shotgun.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT 19
text: The two ladies, still talking.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: D'you smell that.
text: Finch sniffs, and makes a disgusted face.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: (grossed out)
dialog: Yeah, what the hell is that?
scene_heading: EXT. SHED - NIGHT
text: Jefferson finds the shotgun, and the carton of shells and
text: he starts to load it.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: The two girls look almost nauseated by the smell.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (pointing to
dialog: shower curtain)
dialog: I think it's coming from in
dialog: there.
text: Finch is zipping up her pants.
scene_heading: EXT. TEXAS BACKWOODS
text: We see Jefferson running from the shed into the...
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: He storms in, and tosses Vilmer the shotgun, and enters
text: the living room and goes to the chair, and hands whatever's
text: behind the chair the massive chainsaw.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: The two ladies are standing in front of the shower curtain.
text: They can see a shadowy figure behind the curtain, but they are unaware.
text: Finch yanks the shower curtain back.
text: Kate tries to scream bloody murder, but Finch covers her mouth, while she too, is
dialog: trying not to scream. 20
text: We get a look at what they want to scream about.
text: A bathtub, filled ankle high with blood, and planted
text: in the blood are ripped off arms, legs, and an entire
dialog: torso area.
text: And on the shower nozzle, planted on it -- was a decapitated
text: head. It's mouth open -- it looked as if it was alive --
dialog: it would scream.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: (genuinely terrified
dialog: and quiet)
dialog: What the fuck? What the fuck?
dialog: What the fuck are we gonna do?
text: When I take my hand away from
dialog: your mouth -- you promise --
dialog: you promise me goddammit --
dialog: that you will not scream.
text: Kate nods her head, a stream of tears roll from both eyes.
text: Finch let's go, and she runs for the toilet -- and vomits.
text: There is a KNOCK-KNOCK-KNOCK at the door, followed by
text: two sinister high-pitched redneck-laughs
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: (catching breath)
dialog: Who is it.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (mimicking shark
dialog: on Saturday Night
dialog: Live)
dialog: Mammogram.
text: Followed by some more sinister laughs.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Vilmer!
speaker_heading: VILMER (OS) 21
dialog: (imitating Lurch)
dialog: Yoooouuuu Rrrraaannng?
text: More Deranged redneck-laughs.
speaker_heading: VILMER (OS)
dialog: We're gonna count to three
dialog: then we ah comin' in.
scene_heading: BONES! DRUMROLL PLEASE!
speaker_heading: BONES (OS)
dialog: Oh!!!(his laugh) Drumroll
dialog: drumroll, I'll do a drum-
dialog: -roll, drumroll -- watch this.
dialog: (makes drum beating
dialog: sound)
speaker_heading: VILMER (OS)
dialog: ONE!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: TWO!!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: THREE!!!
text: The door creaks open. -- Silence.
text: The mesquitoes buzzing from outside.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: (scared)
dialog: Kate we gotta get out of
dialog: here now.
text: Kate, still hugging the toilet, strains to get up
text: with Vomit induced siliva dripping from her mouth
text: -- her face a pure red -- stained with tears.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (sniffling, scared)
dialog: There around the corner, I
dialog: know they are, I know they are.
dialog: We're gonna walk out of this
dialog: bathroom and their gonna, do
dialog: to us, what they did to that
dialog: girl in the bathtub!
speaker_heading: FINCH 22
dialog: I'm gonna peek outside, you
dialog: stay here.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (objecting,scared)
dialog: Don't go, they'll get you
dialog: I don't want to be alone
dialog: Dont' leave me here!
dialog: (crying)
dialog: I dun wanna di...
text: She is crying so hard she can't talk.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Don't worry, Don't worry
dialog: I'll be right here, I'm just
dialog: gonna go take a peek.
text: Finch tip-toes over to the door, leans against the wall,
text: and takes a deep breath.
text: The house is amazingly quiet.
text: We can hear the screen door on the opposite end of the
text: living room CREAK open, and SLAM closed, repeatedly.
text: She takes one more deep breath, and exhales -- then peers out into the hallway, she
text: looks out to the right of the
text: threshold -- then to the left.
text: Both sides -- empty.
text: She walks back over to Kate, who is about to have a nervous
dialog: breakdown.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Okay, you see that door at the
text: end of the living room...
text: Kate nods her head, sniffling.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: We are gonna make a run for it.
dialog: That's it. That's all Kate needed to hear to set off
text: what looked like pure fear. She peed in her pants, and
text: floor got splattered with urine.
speaker_heading: FINCH 23
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Kate. Don't do this now!
dialog: We need to run. Let's go!
dialog: now!
text: Finch grabs Kate and they run towards the door. They hit
text: the screen door open, and speed out.
scene_heading: EXT. TEXAS BACKWOODS - NIGHT
text: The two ladies bolt into the woods, running at LUDICHRIST
speaker_heading: SPEED.
text: They can hear the brother's YAHOOING in the background, as
text: they TEAR ASS through the woods -- chasing after them.
text: We can hear the truck driving around -- getting to closer to the running victims.
text: Eventually the girls come across, a vast incaved clearing
text: -- which looks like a dried up lake.
text: The take a run down into it.
dialog: There are enough trinches, and used-to-be islands -- for
text: it to be considered A GREAT PLACE TO HIDE.
text: The truck drives up to the edge of the pit.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. PIT - NIGHT
text: Vilmer and Jefferson HOP out, Bones is nowhere to be found.
text: While the dark figure that was in the chair remains in the back of the truck.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: I'll take care of'em for ya
dialog: Momma -- don't you worry.
text: The dark figure remains silent in the back of the truck.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: (to Jefferson)
dialog: C'mon Jeff, we got some prime
dialog: rib 'needs skillin'.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON 24
dialog: Now you're talkin'!
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: All right!
text: The girls are hiding behind a mound of gray soil, which is
text: mulched in with chopped bark, and dead pine needles, as they watch the redneck-killers
text: hop out of the car.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (scared)
dialog: Finch?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (scared and crying)
dialog: You said there was no such
dialog: thing. You said he wasn't real!
dialog: You said --
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Nevermind what I said -- okay?
dialog: You were right, I should have
dialog: listened to you.
text: Obviously, Kate is in shock -- and Finch is just telling
dialog: Kate what she wants to hear.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (in shock)
dialog: I'm scared, Finch. I'm scared.
dialog: I don't want to die here.
text: Finch grabs her by her shoulders and gives her a good shake.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Listen! If you keep this up
dialog: we will die here! You to get
dialog: your ass in gear -- and stop
dialog: bringing down the fuckin' house!
text: The headlights of the truck go out -- so do the post
text: lights surrounding the dock. 25
text: Pitch blackness.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Fuck.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: How are we gonna get out of
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Shhhh.
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: You hear that?
dialog: Kate focuses here hearing -- we HEAR the Gravel, which
text: surrounds the pit's floor BREAK -- footsteps HEAVY FOOTSTEPS
text: getting louder -- every time a step heard.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: (mouthing the words)
dialog: "Oh, shit."
text: The footsteps stopped. Within their radius -- yet unseen
text: in the midnight blue.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Kate, Kate! we gotta move.
text: A flare -- fired up in front of them/ with no one around
dialog: it.
text: No sounds except for the HISSING of the flare.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Let's go.
dialog: Intended to make us jump out of our seats -- something rushes
text: past them.
text: They notice it and jump.
text: Faintly, in the background -- we can hear the shotgun go off
text: ,and the faint buzz of a saw of some sort.
text: At the far corner of the pit -- Finch could make out 26 something -- then what she saw
dialog: flashed to life.
text: A decapitated head, stuck on a pole, was lit on fire
dialog: used as a guidance tool -- obviously for the brothers.
text: Then another head/torch lit up on the other corner.
text: then another corner.
dialog: then another.
text: Flaming heads at all ends of the pit.
dialog: To make you jump again -- something rushes past them.
text: Another flare bursted to life on the opposite side as the other one.
text: Still, no one to be seen.
text: Still the faint sounds of buzz...
text: A HUGE MAN, BURSTS out from nowhere, wielding a MASSIVE
text: CHAINSAW in a split second, and CUTS Finch on the ankle
dialog: before she could runaway.
text: Finch hits the ground -- grabbing her ankle screaming
text: in pain. While Kate runs for it. Scared for her life,
text: Blinded with fear, she runs right into the arms of Jefferson.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: Hi ya! Sweetheart!
text: Vilmer runs up to the two. -- Vilmer looks at the man
text: with the chainsaw. We finally get a good look at him.
text: Long dark hair -- wearing a mask, made out a fragments
text: of other people's faces -- a white button-up dress shirt, nice'n'clean, a black tie to
text: match his black leather slacks
text: and black leather jacket -- Holding a HUGE chainsaw, with an
dialog: engraving
speaker_heading: CU ENGRAVING
text: Etched on the saw reads " The Saw Is Family "
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: (troubled)
dialog: Momma!
text: Leatherface looks up at him.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: (sad)
dialog: Momma, I said I'd take care
dialog: of it for ya!
text: Leatherface speaks perfect English, with a deep powerful
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Vilmer -- I'm sorry baby!
dialog: You know I didn't mean to
dialog: upset you.
text: Vilmer goes over to Leatherface, and hugs him, and you
text: can slightly detect a tear in Vilmer's eye.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: I was gonna give'em to you
dialog: as a present Momma!
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: There, there, it's all over
dialog: now -- Son it's the best
dialog: present I've ever received.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: (crying)
dialog: I wanted it to be a surprise
dialog: Momma!
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Look at you! Your such a big
dialog: boy --
dialog: (babying him)
dialog: Look at this Vilmer -- you got
text: two birds with one stone. Such
dialog: a good little helper.
text: Vilmer lifts up his face, which was buried in Leatherface's
text: shoulder, and looks at him with a teary eye.
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: I love you momma!
text: Leatherface removes his mask to show a normal -- in-fact
text: handsome face -- unshaven. But not deformed in anyway.
text: He ties his long hair back into a pony-tail.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Come Vilmer! -- Let us eat
dialog: dinner!
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Wait.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Please don't cuff me. I've had
dialog: to wear cuffs for the last ten
dialog: years of my life -- I'll do what
dialog: you tell me to, as long as...
dialog: as long as...
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Yes dear?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I want you to make it quick. I
dialog: don't want to die slowly.
text: Leatherface walks up to her, and puts his hand on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: What's your name dear?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Leslie. Leslie Finch, My friends
dialog: call me Finch, though.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: May I call you Finch?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Does it really matter?
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE 29
dialog: To me it does.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I guess so.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Finch, you do as your told,
dialog: I'll make it as quick as
dialog: possible.
text: Leatherface looks at her hands. He picks them up, and puts
text: them up to his nose, and takes a big whiff.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: You smoke, yes?
speaker_heading: FINCH
text: Regrettably.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Might you spare one to me?
text: Finch pulls out her pack of cigarettes.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: They're menthol, you sure?
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Mmmm. Menthol, even better.
text: Finch draws a cigarette from the pack and hands it to
dialog: Leatherface.
text: Leatherface accepts it, and presses the filter between his lips.
text: He pulls out a zippo from his pocket -- unlike your zippo's
dialog: usual cover -- this lighter was covered with skin.
dialog: He lit his cigarette.
text: They start walking out of the pit, in rows of two:
text: Finch by Leatherface, Vilmer by Kate, And Jefferson trailing.
speaker_heading: FINCH 30
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: My name is Ed Gein the third.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Are you related to the Ed Gein
dialog: in Wisconsin?
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Yes, I am. We... we are his
dialog: family.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I thought all of you were
dialog: caught about five years back.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: No, not entirely. Y'see -- what
dialog: we do as a family, is what several
dialog: families did twenty years back.
dialog: What few families did, a few years
dialog: back. And it's what we do now.
dialog: All of our families, spread out
dialog: across Texas, we all follow Edward,
dialog: some families even thought of him
dialog: as a god. I saw him a grandfather,
dialog: and a damn good one at that. But
dialog: all of the other families, Ten in
dialog: all -- have either been caught, or
text: been outsmarted by their own food.
text: Leatherface smiles as the walk up the hill and out of
dialog: the pit.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Y'see, we're not monsters. To you
dialog: yes, we may well be -- but you
dialog: have to understand that it's
dialog: nothing personal. Your just our
dialog: meal ticket.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: I've seen your movies.
text: Leatherface crackles a flim-laden laugh.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE 31
dialog: Their somthin' aren't they?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: It's just... Well...
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: I know, all they guys with
dialog: the leather mask and the chain-
dialog: -saw, are few cans short of a
dialog: six pack -- I know this. But
dialog: it doesn't bother me, I mean it's
dialog: just a movie -- they do it for
dialog: ratings and I can respect that.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Ed, what are you going to do with
dialog: us when we get back to the house?
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Well, we are going to eat supper,
dialog: you are going to watch, and then
dialog: This hellhole you call life will
dialog: have just been a terrible dream
dialog: as you journey to your unknown
dialog: destination.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT.
text: The Kitchen/Dining Room is empty, and quiet, accept for
text: the HMMMM of the a/c unit in the living room.
text: Leatherface, Finch, Vilmer, Kate, and Jefferson enter.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Vilmer, tie the ladies down
dialog: please.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Yes, ma'am.
text: Finch looks at Vilmer in a funny way. As if not understanding the awkwardness of the
dialog: situation.
text: Vilmer goes into the kitchen and bends down out of view.
text: He reappears with two handfuls of cargo rope.
dialog: 32
text: Vilmer advances toward the two girls.
text: Kate, the whole time -- almost in a trance-like state
text: looking down at the floor.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: If you ladies'll please
dialog: have a seat.
text: Finch takes a seat at the dinner table, while Kate continues
text: to stand -- lost in her own world.
text: Vilmer escorts her gently to a seat at the dinner table, then proceeds to tie them up.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: I'm going to go check on
dialog: bones, and see how the food's
dialog: comin'.
text: Leatherface exits the House.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: Vilmer.
text: Vilmer is in the middle of tying them up.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: We got a drugbus' t'day?
text: Vilmer looks up with a serious face.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: (interested)
dialog: You got something for me.
dialog: Tell me you got sumthin'.
text: Jefferson smiles.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: I might, it all depends on
dialog: how much money you got.
text: Vilmer finishes tying the girls up, and walks over to 33
dialog: Jefferson.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: I got about two-hundred.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: Good enough.
text: Vilmer claps his hands, and JUMPS up and down, with pure
dialog: enjoyment.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Jefferson, you are a good
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: Anything for my favorite
dialog: brother.
text: Vilmer grabs him and gives him a great big man-like hug.
text: Leatherface and Bones ENTER the house through the KITCHEN
dialog: door.
text: Leatherface is empty handed, but Bones, enters with a huge tray of raw and cooked
dialog: meat.
text: Bones speaks, with a cigarette hanging from his mouth.
speaker_heading: BONES
dialog: Soups on! Soups On! Ladies
dialog: ladies come have some meat with
dialog: us it's delicious, delicious --
dialog: you'll love it, just love it.
text: He sets the meat down onto he table.
text: Leatherface sets the table with plates -- no utensils.
text: Jefferson opens up the fridge, and pulls out a jug of milk
text: and grabs four glasses, then works his way to the table
text: as he sets down the drinks.
text: The four of them sit down
text: Finch looks down at the dinner table -- it now has a table
text: cloth on it made out of sewed and stitched human skin.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE 34
dialog: Well... let's eat.
text: The four guys grab some body parts from the tray and start
dialog: to chow down.
text: Vilmer grabs a hand -- a grilled hand, and starts to eat it
text: as if it were a chicken leg.
text: Kate sees it, and starts to shake in fear.
text: Jefferson takes the face -- uncooked and cuts a slice off
text: of it, and sets the face back onto the tray.
text: Bone grabs what looks to be some sort of cooked genitalia
text: and start to chew.
text: We can literally see Kate, breaking down.
text: Finch, closes her eyes.
text: Leatherface cuts up the gutted uncooked torso, and breaks
text: out a rib and starts to chow down.
text: Kate is losing her mind -- you can see it in her eyes.
text: Finch still has her eyes closed.
text: We can HEAR, the RIPS, and CRUNCHES, CHOMPS of the cannibals
text: as they eat their dinner.
text: Kate's gives off a presence of purebred fear.
text: She looks at Vilmer, eating the hand up, and breaking off
dialog: the bone.
text: She looks at Jefferson, eating the slice of the face -- his eyes closed -- savoring it.
text: She looks at Bones, curled up, knawing on the genitals
text: Then she turns to Leatherface, eating the bloody rib, the
text: loose tender meat dropping off of the bone, and out of his
dialog: mouth.
text: It all sinks in to her -- She's completely aware.
text: She screams a HELLISH CRY OF THE BANSHEE, as she looks up
text: and closes her eyes. 35
text: She wets her pants, and her water splatters on the floor.
text: The Cannibals continue to CHOW DOWN.
text: Until we hear another scream, a muffled one in the b.g.
dialog: from below.
text: Vilmer slams his hand down on his plate.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Goddammit!
text: He get up and walks into the Kitchen, and bends down, and
text: lifts up what sounds like a trap door.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: What the... hell do you
dialog: want!
text: A muffled female voice OS talks back.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (OS)
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: I hungry, I real real hungry.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: What happened to the last batch
dialog: of shit I gave you?!
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (OS)
dialog: I ate it all.
text: Vilmer makes a face.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: You what? You ate it all?!
dialog: Jesus Christ! I gave you
dialog: that batch yesterday.
text: She whispers something.
text: Finch pays attention, fascinated, yet scared.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: All right, all right, what do 36
dialog: you want?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Make it quick, I in the
text: middle of eating.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Let's see.
text: Vilmer walks around the kitchen, looking around.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: We got some bananners, more
dialog: bananners... some apples.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: No? Well, you want some cereal?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It's either fruit of cereal.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It's either fruit or cereal.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Both? All right.
text: He grabs two boxes of cereal and a plastic bag of fruit and throws it down there.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Don't ask me for anymore shit
dialog: 'till the mornin' aight?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Okay, g'night Shelly.
text: He slams the door, and locks it, he gets up, and walks toward the dinner table.
text: He sits down, picks up the hand he was eatin' on, and throws
text: it back on the plate.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: It done got cold.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: The family and the hostages are still at the Dinner Table.
text: The tray is empty, and their plates are a bloody mess. 37
text: Leatherface is leisurely chewing on a fat cigar, while
text: Vilmer and Jefferson are smoking a cigarette.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Who's Momma?
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Momma couldn't eat with us
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: (to Vilmer)
dialog: I heard you call Edward
dialog: Momma.
text: Vilmer bursts up from his chair, in a spit of rage -- he
text: grabs the knife from the table and puts it up to Finch's
dialog: neck.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: That's a GOD DAMNED LIE!
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Vilmer...Put the knife down,
dialog: is that anyway to treat your
dialog: guests?
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Who was that... below the
dialog: kitchen?
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: That was the Black Sheep of
dialog: the family.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: I told that bitch she could
dialog: come upstairs and live like
dialog: a normal human bein', She
dialog: aint movin' a muscle.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: Then, why is she down there.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: That bitch refuses to eat 38
dialog: meat.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: What kinda meat?
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: The only kind there is that's
dialog: worth eatin'!
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: You keep her down there because
dialog: she refuses to eat her own race?
dialog: Why don't you just kill her, like
dialog: you are with me'n Kate.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Because she...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: ... she's family. She's Vilmer's
dialog: little sister. Yep.... Vilmer
dialog: tried so hard to teach her to do
dialog: the right thing...but, in the end...
text: Leatherface points to the trap door in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: We did the only thing we could
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: So you keep her locked down there
dialog: like a... like a child reject.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Exactly Ms. Finch -- Vilmer, time
text: play in the barnhouse.
text: Jefferson interrupts.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: Wait a minute, It's my turn.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: It'll be your turn tomorrow.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON 39
dialog: No! I kept lookout for the
dialog: past three nights!
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: The last two nights, You keep
dialog: lookout one more night, then it'll
dialog: be your turn, I promise.
text: Jefferson looks up, as if he's trying to think.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: I'm goin' tomorrow night, I'll
dialog: remember you said that.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Okay, Jefferson.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: We gonna invite these two ladies?
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: No, there's more than plenty in
dialog: there now.
text: Vilmer gets up.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: So what are we gonna do with these
dialog: two while we're gone?
text: Leatherface places his cigar in the mouth of the
dialog: head, that was eaten from.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Tie 'em up in the Cellar.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: I'll take the liberty of doin'
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: VILMER 40
dialog: Thanks, Jefferson.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: Hey man, No problem.
text: Jefferson gets up, and starts to help the ladies up, while
text: Leatherface head back to the back of the house, and Vilmer walks outside.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: What're yall usin' tanight?
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: We're using the family chainsaw.
text: Jefferson lets out an evil grin.
text: Vilmer gives an evil grin back then EXITS the house.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: DARKNESS
dialog: Wherever we are, there are alot of people, but their all
text: breathing heavy, and the chitter-chatter of all the scared
dialog: and unreasonable voice are mixed -- only to sound like
text: gibberish.
text: The light FLASH ON -- we're in a...
scene_heading: INT. BARNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: There are at least TEN victims in the barnhouse. All scattered around the mounds of
text: hey that is scattered throughout.
text: The front door of the barn opens, and ALL OF THE PEOPLE
text: step back, FRIGHTENED by the UNKNOWN.
text: Vilmer walks in, PUMP ACTION SHOTGUN in hand.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: (cocking shotgun)
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen! Now!
dialog: The moment you've all been
dialog: waiting for! That Deranged,
speaker_heading: VILMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Disturbed, Skin-wearin' Psychotic 41
dialog: brother of mine!
dialog: (imitates boxing announcer)
scene_heading: LEEEEEAAAATTTHHHH--ERRRRFAAAACCCE!
text: Leatherface enters the room with his chainsaw in hand.
dialog: But he looks different:
text: He's wearing a woman's skin -- all over his body, and
text: wearing an oversized tacky-faded dress with poka-dots
text: on it -- and he's also wearing another one of his leather
dialog: masks.
text: He's also carrying a huge chainsaw, HUGE, and on the side
text: of the blade that we see, it reads " WHO WILL SURVIVE"
text: He raises the chainsaw up in the air and he lets it roar,
dialog: and when he does that, we can read the other side: " AND
dialog: WHAT WILL BE LEFT OF THEM?".
text: Vilmer shuts the door and locks them in, locking several
text: DEADBOLTS, and MASTER KEY LOCKS.
text: In Vilmer's right hand is a boombox -- he sets it down and
dialog: turns it on.
text: It blares a HEAVY METAL SONG, while the two run around
text: playing a DEADLY GAME OF CAT AND MOUSE.
text: Vilmer takes aim at the fleeting hurd, who is progressing to the back of the barn, he
text: fires -- and blast a middle-aged
text: man's leg off.
text: He runs over to the helpless man laying on the ground and
text: shoots him in the face -- several times; causing the man's
text: head to spatter all over Vilmer and on the hay-laden floor.
text: Leatherface takes a running slice at a young man, slashing
text: his entire head/torso area off.
text: Vilmer reloads.
text: Leatherface turns the chainsaw off.
text: Vilmer tosses the shotgun over to Leatherface -- he catches
dialog: it.
text: Leatherface tosses the chainsaw to Vilmer -- he catches it and turns it on. 42
text: Vilmer corners a lady in a corner of hay, he takes the chainsaw to her, and the blood
text: flies, covering him completely.
text: We can hear her blood-curtling sounds, he backs up, and rams the Chainsaw up her
text: stomach -- she screams even louder.
text: He steps back and runs back into her, butting off her arm
text: completely, and he's sawing her with one hand, and bashing her with her own hand in
dialog: the other.
text: She's dead.
text: He cut's her head off, and runs around with it in his hand
text: screaming like a wild Indian.
text: Leatherface has a young teenage female saddled, he has the barrel presses against her
text: head, tightly, he pulls the trigger, the entire top of her head was blasted into nothing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TEXAS BACKWOODS - NIGHT
text: A BLACK MAN is getting down from his tripod, after a long day of hunting.
text: He begins to unload his rifle.
scene_heading: INT. BARN - NIGHT
text: Vilmer runs up to a teenage girl, in a FAR CORNER, he raises
text: the chainsaw up.
text: He looks DEMENTED, BLOOD COVERED FACE, eyes BULGING, like an insane
text: lunatic, and JACK NICHOLSON'S DEVILISH GRIN.
text: The girl SCREAMS, letting all air from her lungs escape,
text: which to Vilmer, proves to be really loud.
scene_heading: EXT. TEXAS BACKWOODS - NIGHT
text: The Black Man, still unloading hears the BLOOD CURTLING
speaker_heading: SCREAM. 43
text: He looks up.
text: We can FAINTLY HEAR the BUZZ of a chainsaw.
text: Then another scream -- the buzzes and the screams are
dialog: constant.
text: He looks down at his gun -- and starts to load the bullets back in the rifle.
scene_heading: INT. BARN - NIGHT
text: Leatherface has the shotgun hanging on his shoulder, as
text: he's beating an old man with his own, ripped-off leg.
text: Then finally taking the shotgun to his face at close range.
text: Vilmer runs up to a middle-aged woman, and starts to saw her in half at the waist line.
text: He halfway done sawing her -- he hold her legs with his
text: right hand, and kicks her in the torso, and the top half of her rips off.
text: The two killers exchange weapons again.
text: Vilmer takes aim at a regressing victim -- He fires
text: The victim's head explodes all over a Teen-aged boy.
text: The boy looks at Leatherface who comes forward with the chainsaw.
text: Leatherface stabs the chainsaw into his gut -- and starts to
text: cut in a round symmetrical motion, carving a hole in his
dialog: stomach.
text: The boy hits the hay -- dead, a bloody mess.
text: We get an overview of the damage. The barn, is a BLOODY MESS, There LIMBS
text: scattered through out.
text: They hey and walls -- what used to be a faded yellow --
text: now, a CRIMSON RED -- with faint traces of Yellow --
text: which is ALMOST non-existent.
text: Vilmer picks of another suspecting victim with his
dialog: trusty shotgun. 44
text: Leatherface, gives the chainsaw one quick swift swing
text: and slices off a man's legs, as the victim tumbles to the ground -- screaming in pain.
text: He then runs over to another man -- who is trying to run away from Vilmer, Slices her
text: back open -- he slides the chainsaw (which is strapped) over his shoulder -- and puts
text: both of his hands on both of her shoulders.
text: He gives her swift kick through the gaping hole in her back
text: ,which causes her stomach to explode, and leatherfaces' foot to slide out the other side.
text: He then lets her drop to the ground, putting his fee leg on top of her back forcing the
text: stuck leg out of the body, removing the high heel he was wearing.
text: All the victims have been slain, accept one -- a teenage
text: girl, possibly early twenties.
text: The runs like decapitated chicken -- in everywhich way
dialog: but the killers.
text: Vilmer takes the rifle to her arm, and blows it completely
text: off -- only hanging by a flap of skin that used to cover her
dialog: elbow joint.
text: She hit the ground -- falling to her knees. A look of
text: disbelief on her face, maybe even denial. Like this is not happening to her.
text: Leatherface, roars up the chainsaw -- she doesn't move --
dialog: probably scared shitless at the time.
text: He presses the chainsaw against her leg, and he starts to saw away -- until the leg is
dialog: completely separated from
dialog: the body.
text: Then Vilmer takes the separated leg and rams it into her stomach swiftly, and as hard
text: as he can.
text: The impact hits her at such a force which causes her to vomit.
text: Leatherface, presses the chainsaw through her neck, as Vilmer Blasts her with the
text: shotgun repeatedly until he is
text: completely out of shells.
dialog: 45
text: They look around the barn -- enjoying their masterpiece
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: This is the best one we've
dialog: had in a good long while
dialog: Momma.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Yeaht... I'll have'ta give
dialog: you that one.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: We tore them motherfuckers
dialog: up -- DIDN'T WE!
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: YEAH BUDDY!
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: C'mon, let's go get cleaned up
dialog: and carve up those two beautiful
dialog: women -- shall we?
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: That sounds like a mighty fine
dialog: idea -- Then, maybe afterwards
dialog: (sadness, weak)
dialog: You think maybe you could...
dialog: Well... I miss you Momma.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Honey
dialog: (hand on cheek)
dialog: After what you did today...
dialog: There's no doubt in my mind.
dialog: You will not go unrewarded
dialog: tonight.
text: Vilmer gives Leatherface a huge affectionate hug, and
text: kisses him.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: I love you Momma!
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: I know, son, I know -- I love
dialog: you too.
dialog: 46
text: The two exit the barn, Leatherface's arm around Vilmer's
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The hunter is walking around the house, trying to distinguish, where the sound was
dialog: coming from -- not sure
dialog: if it was this place.
text: He walks up to the Kitchen Entrance Door, and raps a few times.
text: He hears some muffled sounds, strange sounds, then the door
text: flies open, and Vilmer, sticking his head out of the
text: door -- now clean.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Hi, can I help you stranger?
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: Hi, My names Ashe Harrison, I
dialog: was huntin' a few acres back and
dialog: I thought I heard some screams...
dialog: Are yall aight?
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Screams?
dialog: (confused)
dialog: I didn't hear any screams.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: You didn't hear those screams?
dialog: Lordy, they be loud enough to
dialog: wake up, your neighbors.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: We don't have any neighbors.
text: Ashe Harrison whips him on the collar bone, and laughs.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Exactly.
text: Ashe bursts out in a loud high-pitched laughter.
dialog: 47
text: Vilmer can't help but laugh with him.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Naw, can't say that I heard
dialog: anything -- So, d'you kill
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: 'scuse me?
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: D'you kill anything, y'know --
dialog: you said you were hunting...
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Oh, yeah -- thasright, sorry...
dialog: No, no -- didn't get nothin'
dialog: ts'been a slow year.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Yeah, I can understand that.
dialog: Well, hey... don't be stranger
dialog: come in -- have a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Well, thank you.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Hey, no problem, man.
text: Vilmer lets him in and shuts the door.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE (BACK HALLWAY)
text: Leatherface is now in normal attire, her has the two girls
text: by the neck in the dark.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: I've been nice before, now
dialog: it's time to get to it. You
dialog: white-trash whores say a fuck-
dialog: -ing word, make so much as a
dialog: fucking sound -- I'll will
dialog: torture you -- all night long
dialog: if I have to -- Do you understand?
text: The two nod their heads.
dialog: 48
text: Leatherface walks into the living room, then into the kitchen, and greets Ashe.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Ashe, this is my brother,
dialog: Ed.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Hi Ed.
text: Ashe extends his hand.
text: Leatherface fronts his to accept it.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Hi, how you doin'. Let's go
text: into the living room, and
dialog: get aquatinted.
dialog: (to Vilmer)
dialog: Vilmer, you put the coffee
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Will do.
text: Leatherface leads Ashe into the living room
text: They both sit down, Leatherface's back is to the threshold
text: while Ashe can look into the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE (HALLWAY) - NIGHT
text: Finch and Kate are listening in, Kate, more awake and more motivated listens in
dialog: intently.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I got an idea.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Unbutton your shirt,
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: What? Why?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Just do it.
text: Finch unbuttons her shirt.
text: Kate pulls out some lipstick, and begins to write something
text: right under her neck.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Kate finishes writing whatever she wrote, and peered into the living room, She could
text: see the black man, and Leatherface had his back to them.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I want you to walk out in
text: front of the threshold, and
dialog: show the sign -- make sure
dialog: you keep him quiet.
text: She puts her finger on her mouth, in a " shhh." gesture
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Like that. Take a deep
dialog: breath and do it.
text: Finch takes a deep breath, and lets it out quietly.
text: Then stands out in front of the threshold.
text: Ashe looks up while Leatherface is complaining to Vilmer
text: about the coffee, he sees the lipstick-written message
text: Under her neck he sees the large letters -- in print.
speaker_heading: "HELP US"
text: Finch puts her finger up to her closed lips, SHHH.
text: She then draws back into the darkened hallway.
text: Ashe looks concerned, but keeps a poker face, when Leatherface turns back around.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: I'm going to go check on the
dialog: coffee, I'll be right back.
text: Leatherface goes into the kitchen, Finch pops her head back
text: out, mouthing the words " Help Us".
text: Ashe looks frightened and concerned, and he nods his head
text: He mouths the words " okay"
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Ed, can I use the restroom?
dialog: It's been a long night.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Sure, knock yourself out.
text: Ashe gets up and heads toward the bathroom in the hall.
text: He opens the bathroom door up and looks back into the
dialog: living room.
text: He motions for the girls to get inside the bathroom
dialog: They do so.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE (BATHROOM) - NIGHT.
text: He locks the door behind them.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: We're going out of the window,
dialog: my car is a mile down the road.
dialog: I'll ask questions later.
text: He opens the window, and he let's Kate crawl out.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: C'mon.
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: You go, I'll trail you.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Fine.
text: He hops out of the window.
text: The bathroom door flies open.
text: Finch scrabbles for the window, and gets halfway out, but is
text: dragged back in by Leatherface.
text: Ashe and Kate make a run for it into the woods.
text: Leatherface drags her out of the bathroom kicking and
text: screaming.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) - NIGHT
text: Leatherface drags her through the living room, still screaming and kicking.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: I thought I told you not to
dialog: move? I thought I told you
dialog: not to move a fucking muscle!
dialog: You bitch!
text: For the first time Finch seems utterly terrified.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: DARKNESS
text: A door opens, shining some light in, the light -- a bulb in
text: the center of the room flashes to life.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR - NIGHT
text: The room is covered, with blood, dry and fresh -- the entire
text: room is a blood red, with limbs of dead people, and dead people pushed aside all
text: around the corners of the floor.
text: Hooks hand all over the ceiling, along with chains, holding
text: chunks of left over on them.
text: Leatherface drags Finch in, painting her back a blood red.
text: He pulls her up and ties her up on a hook. 52
text: Tears in her eyes, utterly terrified.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: You've been a good girl -- for
dialog: the most part -- I'll give you
dialog: your quick death.
text: He pulls out a gun and shoots her -- she takes a deep, quick
text: gasp of air in, then drops -- exhaling -- hanging limp.
text: Leatherface exits.
text: We STAY ON FINCH, hanging dead.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE (KITCHEN) - NIGHT
text: Leatherface, Vilmer, Jefferson, and Bones are in the kitchen
dialog: talking.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: What do we have gentlemen?
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: Ashe Harrison, 23 years old,
dialog: license plate number: z89-284
dialog: lives in Creemont, about fifteen
dialog: miles from here, address: 3925
dialog: Delin Road, my guess thats where
text: he's headed.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: What about the girl?
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: That I don't know.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: What about The other girl?
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: She wouldn't talk -- She's dead.
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: BONES
dialog: I know who she is. I do I
dialog: do, I know, Iknow -- Her
dialog: names Kate, Kate, thats her
dialog: name, thats her name.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: Do you know her last name?
speaker_heading: BONES
dialog: Roarke, Roarke -- Kate
dialog: Roarke -- Oh, ho, ho, I'm
dialog: smart yes I am, look at me
dialog: look at me, I'm bragging.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Jefferson, I think it's time
dialog: for you to go back to work.
dialog: Take her into custody.
dialog: Take Vilmer with you.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: All right. Vilmer? Let's go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TEXAS BACKWOODS - NIGHT
text: Thick, HEAVILY WOODED AREA, Ashe and Kate running through it
text: They stop, and bend over putting their head between their legs, trying to get air, heavily
text: and quickly, breathing in and out.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: It's not to far from here.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: What is?
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: My Car.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: My side hurts.
speaker_heading: 54
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: You'll get plenty of time
dialog: to rest, when we get to the
dialog: car. -- C'mon, let's get movin'
text: The two run OFFSCREEN.
scene_heading: EXT. TEXAS HIGHWAY (NEAR TEXAS BACKWOODS) - NIGHT
text: A car, off the side of the road, all of the sudden
text: BLOOP BLEEPS, and Ashe and Kate run out of the woods
text: and into the car.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT
text: Ash turns on the car, and drives off.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Okay
dialog: (letting out a huge sigh)
dialog: Now, do you mind telling me
dialog: what that was all about back
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: I heard you when you came in.
dialog: You said you heard screams.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: They trapped a whole bunch of
dialog: people in a barn, and they killed
text: them one by one, with a chainsaw
dialog: and a shotgun. -- And what they kill
dialog: (catches breath)
dialog: they eat.
text: Ashe looks at Kate, with worried puzzlement.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Say Again?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: They eat people, their...
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Cannibals.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: I'm sorry, this story seems
dialog: to be a little... Now, I'm
dialog: not sayin' I believe ya now
dialog: I'm just sayin'...
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Look, have you ever seen the
dialog: movie " The Texas Chainsaw
dialog: Massacre"?
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Who hasn't?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Those people back there, are
dialog: the people in the movie --
text: THE REAL PEOPLE.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Your serious?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Look, they tied me down at
dialog: the dinner table, and made
dialog: me watch them a dead human
dialog: being.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: That aint right.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: What are we gonna do now.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: I'm going to take you home,
dialog: and we're going to forget the
dialog: whole thing ever happened.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: But what about my roomate.
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: You're Roomate is dead
dialog: We'll file a missing persons
dialog: report and that will be that.
text: Kate sighs, and pulls out cigarette from her shirt
text: pocket and lights it.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: This is a non-smoking auto-
dialog: -mobile. Could you please
dialog: put that out?
text: Kate rolls down the window, and flicks it out.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Now, we need to stick together
dialog: for a while. S'there anywhere
dialog: you need to be?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: We'll go to my place -- they
dialog: won't know where we are, we'll
dialog: just lay low, just in case they
dialog: come looking for us.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RESIDENTIAL HOUSE - NIGHT
dialog: This is your normal, suburban-type nightmare of a house.
dialog: Living room, Two bedrooms, One master bedroom, a living room
text: with a fire place -- and a study.
text: The HEAR the door UNLOCK, as Ashe and Kate stroll in.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: I'm hungry, you hungry?
dialog: 57
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Kate seems to be bothered by the incident, almost
text: disturbed, or saddened, but with her face, it's hard to tell
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: It'll be all right, I'm sorry
dialog: about your friend, but there
dialog: not a single thing we can do
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: She wasn't my friend.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Sorry?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: She wasn't my friend, she
dialog: was my roomate -- but-she-
dialog: -didn't-deserve-to-die-like-
dialog: -that -- no one does.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: I'll file a missing persons
dialog: report in the morning -- but
dialog: now we're gonna get something
dialog: to eat and thank Jesus we're
dialog: alive.
dialog: Kate looked at him -- A nice man, very heartfelt
text: she couldn't help but feel safe with the man.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Ashe leads Kate to a bedroom further down the house.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: This the guest bedroom, It's
dialog: better than my bed.
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: I'm going to go see if I
dialog: can file that missing persons
dialog: report.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Okay.
text: Ashe walks off leaving her alone in the room -- she has a seat at the nightstand. And
text: looks at herself in the mirror.
text: Bloodied, face flushed, and mascara bled, and lipstick
dialog: lost.
text: She looked like a nervous wreck, and acted like one too,
dialog: probably because she was one.
text: She put her head on the desk, in her arms, and starts to
text: silently cry -- after a second she lifts her head up and
text: looks into the nightstand mirror.
text: Only to see the reflection of the window, with Vilmer outside, looking, staring, with a
text: demonic face.
text: She turned around, and he was gone.
dialog: Ashe walked in again.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: They said they would look
dialog: for her in the morning, for
dialog: now...
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: What's wrong.
text: She looks in the window, her body locked up, frozen
text: -- she sees Vilmer in the window again, telling her to
text: silently SHUSH, with his finger up to his mouth.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Hey, it's going to be all right...
dialog: 59
text: The power goes out, and the two are left in the room, in
dialog: the dark.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Where's that lighter you
dialog: got?
text: She hands it to him -- and he lights it.
text: The room glows a dim yellow, and they exit the room --
text: not noticing Jefferson, who was in the corner.
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: Kate and Ashe are walking around the living room -- which is
text: lit by the fire roaring in the fireplace.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: I'm gonna go check the fuse.
dialog: You stay here.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (demanding)
dialog: No! Please.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: This happens all the time.
dialog: Don't worry about it.
text: Ashe opens the front door.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Lock the door behind me.
text: Kate nods her head.
text: Ash walks out of the house and shuts the door behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. ASHE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ash pops on a flashlight and walks around to the side of
dialog: the house.
text: The fuse line had been cut all the way through
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Aw, shit.
text: A rustle in the bushes, He shines the flashlight in the sound's direction.
dialog: Nothing.
text: A metallic TING - TANG -TING - TANG, in the b.g. repeats
text: , as if the sound of water hitting metal.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: Who's there?
text: A faded redneck-sinister laugh in the b.g.
text: The faded sound of a chainsaw, cutting through something.
speaker_heading: ASHE
dialog: A chainsaw?
text: The sound is getting louder
text: Ashe start to walk the opposite direction from which the sound is coming.
text: The sound of the buzzing chainsaw, still following him --
text: getting louder, the sound more distinct.
text: Ashe starts to run.
text: The sound getting louder and fore defined.
text: The BUZZ stops.
text: Ashe looks back.
dialog: Nothing.
text: More disgruntled laughs.
text: Something just whizzed past him.
text: He jumps.
text: He walks back to the front door.
dialog: 61
text: Ashe knocks on his door, and Kate opens it -- and when she does, Leatherface jumps
text: onto the porch and saws Ashe to bits.
text: Leatherface turns the chainsaw off, and Kate runs back into the house, running right
dialog: into Vilmer.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Hello, Sweetheart.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LEATHERFACE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Their truck comes driving into the dirt path in front of the house, and all of the family
text: gets out, and go to the bed of
text: the truck, and pull out Kate, who is tied up from head to toe, and drag her off behind
dialog: the house.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Time to cut you up, little
dialog: missy -- Time to die.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR - NIGHT
text: We're in the same cellar as last time, but Finch is nowhere to be seen.
text: Leatherface and Jefferson drag her into the Cellar and hang
text: her by her cuffs, on a meathook.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: D'you tell Vilmer to secure the
dialog: area.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Where's Bones?
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: I dunno, somewhere.
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Good enough.
text: Leatherface starts to unbutton her shirt, exposing her stomach.
text: He sets his chainsaw down in the corner by the door.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Hand me the scalpel, please.
text: Jefferson hands him the scalpel.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
text: And a meathook.
text: Jefferson hands him a meathook.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: Meathook.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Thank ya s'much.
dialog: (to Kate)
dialog: I've had to put up with alot
dialog: of shit from you.
text: He takes the meathook and gives it an underhand swing --
text: right up her gut -- she vomits blood.
text: Then with his left hand, slits her throat with the scalpel.
text: Kate slumps over dead -- spilling a ton of blood on the floor.
text: Finch limps into the Cellar,unoticed; holding her hurt shoulder.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: (to Jefferson)
dialog: Let's skin this bitch'n go
dialog: to bed.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: Right on.
text: The start skinning Kate, while Finch picks up the chainsaw and
dialog: 63
text: advances towards the two occupied, unsuspecting cannibals.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: By the way, where's that other
dialog: girl that you killed, didn't
dialog: you leave her in here.
text: Finch rips the cord of the chainsaw, and it buzzes to life.
text: The two men turn around.
text: Jefferson points his finger at her.
speaker_heading: JEFFERSON
dialog: Now you wait just a goddamned
dialog: minute there.
text: She raises the chainsaw, and slices off his hand -- it
text: hits the floor, still pointing it's finger.
text: Jefferson screams bloody murder.
text: She then takes a swift whack through his neck, decapitating him.
text: Jefferson's head hit the floor -- his jaw still twitching.
text: Leatherface took off his mask, and put his hands up.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: You win.
text: She rams the chainsaw through face -- the chainsaw -- stuck
text: inside if his face, while still buzzing -- He too falls to
text: his death on the bloody floor.
text: The chainsaw, which is still buzzing is making Leatherface's
text: head spurt out a gallon of blood a second.
text: She wipes her face, which is covered in blood, and exits the cellar.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEATHERFACE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Vilmer is at a computer in a bedroom -- It reads AREA
dialog: 64
text: SECURE. He gets up and walks out of the of the bedroom.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TEXAS BACKWOODS - NIGHT
text: Finch is limping through the woods, and comes up to a
text: clearing -- fifty yards away from the woods is a barbed-
text: -wire wire fence, towering ten feet high.
text: She runs up to it, and begins to climb it, but is shocks her
text: back a good three feet, burning her hands.
text: She moans in sheer pain.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR - NIGHT
text: Vilmer walks in, and the expression on his face SHIFTS
text: from HAPPY to a SAD/UPSET which causes him to kneel down
text: by his brothers -- Kate's through, and stomach still pouring
text: blood to the floor.
text: His jaws tremble and shake, as if he were to cry but is holding it in. Closing his mouth,
text: trying to hold his jaw
dialog: from shivering -- not working.
text: His eyes turns a dark red, and finally lets it out.
text: He looks at Leatherface, with the chainsaw implanted in
text: his head, he tries to pull it out, but has no luck.
text: Which only makes him cry harder.
text: He looks up and yells a hellish, LOUD CRY
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: YOU BITCH! YOU FUCKING BITCH!
dialog: I'M GONNA KILL YOU, YOU FUCK-
dialog: -ING BITCH! -- NO!
text: He stands up and puts his foot on Leatherface's face
text: and yanks the chainsaw out.
text: He straps the chainsaw over his shoulder, and drags
text: Leatherface out of the Cellar.
dialog: 65
scene_heading: INT. MEAT CUTTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Like a butcher shop almost, but much, much worse.
text: He drags Leatherface into the back of the place, and
text: pulls him up on a cutting table.
text: Vilmer takes his jacket off, and rolls up his sleeves.
scene_heading: EXT. TEXAS BACKWOODS - NIGHT
text: Finch is lost, she running everywhich direction but the right one, either she's lost -- or
text: she's trapped.
text: Her hands are a bloody mess from the burns.
scene_heading: INT. MEAT CUTTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Leatherface is completely stripped, with a towel over his
text: LOWER AREA, while Vilmer begins to cut off his skin.
text: He walks around to where his feet are, spreads them, and sticks his head under the
text: sheet with a scalpel in hand.
text: We hear him cutting -- then almost like the sound of a
text: gunshot -- All of the skin on Leatherfaces naked body
text: snaps loose.
text: Vilmer come up from under the sheet, with a bloody scalpel in hand, and blood all over
text: his face.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: It's a shame they don't
dialog: tell you what that little
dialog: piece of skin is, between
dialog: your testicles, and your
dialog: asshole -- it's really
dialog: quite interesting.
dialog: Y'just -- slice -- BOOM!
text: Skin pops loose faster
dialog: than you can screw a
dialog: Looseiana whore.
text: We CUT TO a picture of Hands stitching skin together
dialog: We CUT TO:
dialog: 66
scene_heading: INT. LEATHERFACE'S HOUSE (BEDROOM) - NIGHT
text: Vilmer, in boxers and a t-shirt, putting on Leatherface's
dialog: skin.
text: Then we FADE TO: Vilmer in the Bedroom still, now
text: he has all of Leatherfaces skin on, accept for Leatherface's
text: facial skin -- and is wearing Leatherface's black Leather
text: pants, and a white shirt -- straightening the black tie to
dialog: match.
text: He grabs the long leather coat, and puts it on.
text: Then he walks over to the closet, and opens it.
dialog: There before us, is a huge selection of different
text: Leather-skinned masks.
dialog: He picks one:
text: The mask itself is crude, as if the face, in which it originated from, had tattoos all over
dialog: it.
text: He walked back over to the mirror and put it on.
text: He harnessed his shotgun over his shoulders and held the chainsaw tight and firm in his
dialog: hands.
text: He leaves us in an empty bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. LEATHERFACE'S HOUSE (KITCHEN) - NIGHT
text: Vilmer walks into the kitchen, and lifts open the trap
text: door -- unseen by us, and he walks down into the underground
dialog: area.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND AREA - NIGHT
text: Vilmer yanks the cord, and the chainsaw buzzes to life.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Sister Shelly? Are You home?
speaker_heading: SHELLY (OS)
dialog: Ed? Vilmer? Who is that?
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: It's your favorite brother!
speaker_heading: SHELLY (OS)
dialog: What are you doing wearing
dialog: Ed's stuff, he'll kill you
dialog: if he finds out.
text: Vilmer advances into the darkness.
text: Vilmer sounds sick and demented throughout.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Oh, thats not very likely.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Because your uncle Eddy
dialog: is tearin' ass up there
dialog: with that big chainsaw
dialog: in the sky -- baby.
dialog: And finally, you -- you
dialog: fuckin' Veggie lover --
dialog: are going to get you just
dialog: desserts.
text: He raises the chainsaw, and starts to grind away at the
text: figure in the darkness.
dialog: We hear Bones Shriek.
text: The sister was holding Bones in front of her. As a shield.
text: Vilmer sees Bones, and starts to shake with sheer bursting anger.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Sorry about that Bones.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: YOU BITCH!
text: He raises the chainsaw above her and revs it up.
dialog: 68
text: Shelly kneels down in front of it, sticking out her chest.
speaker_heading: SHELLY
dialog: Go ahead! Do it Vilmer!
dialog: Or have you forgot the
dialog: whole reason you kept me
dialog: down here! Because I wanted
dialog: to die -- Go ahead, your
dialog: going to give me what I
dialog: wanted for the past Ten years.
text: Vilmer puts the chainsaw down.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: ... okay --
text: Vilmer raises the chainsaw up, and cuts her up, painting
text: the underground area a crimson red.
text: He takes the chainsaw out of her gut, and exits the frame.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TEXAS BACKWOODS - NIGHT
text: Vilmer, in his Leatherface mask, slides on some high-tech
text: looking goggles. They look somewhat like night-vision goggles.
scene_heading: EXT. TEXAS BACKWOODS (NEAR FINCH) - NIGHT
text: Finch decides to lay down by a tree trunk, catching her breath.
text: She reaches in her shirt pocket for a cigarette, and pulls
text: out a beaten up -- twisted around cigarette, and she lights it, with her lighter.
text: She takes a drag and exhales -- shuttering her eyes with
dialog: a great sense of satisfaction.
text: Then, a snap of a branch in the b.g. of darkness.
text: Footsteps. Coming closer.
text: She looks around, intent, and now frightened.
dialog: 69
text: The footsteps come closer, louder, and breaking more
text: fallen limbs, and crushing more leaves.
text: She breathes heavily, in and out -- seeing her breath
text: from the night's cool crisp autumn air.
speaker_heading: VILMER'S POV
text: Night-Vision, he can see her perfectly, a few feet away.
text: She's looking in every which direction, including his, but
text: not seeing him, because it is so dark. -- Vilmer looks around the woods, lit like
text: daylight, almost. And he could see, the victims of the past swinging in the cool front
dialog: winds.
text: He sneaks up to her, and puts his hand out in front of her
text: waving it in front of her. She not budging.
text: He rubs his hand across her cheek -- she jumps.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Leslie? Leslie Finch?
dialog: Are you out there?
dialog: Are you breathing in the
dialog: dark? Are you... scared?
dialog: You want to fuck me Finch?
dialog: ...Maybe suck my cock?
text: Finch looking around -- cannot see vilmer anywhere -- only hear him.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: I seeee yoooou. I seeee
dialog: you, you fucking whore.
dialog: You think I would let
dialog: you live? You killed my
dialog: fucking mother!
text: Finch lay still, curled up in a ball, hoping he wont see her
text: trying to be as silent as she can.
text: We hear THE SOUND OF A CHAINSAW in the b.g., buzzing away.
text: Finch gets up and runs deeper into the woods -- they way
dialog: she came.
text: As she runs into the chainsaw -- hanging on a tree, buzzing
dialog: away.
dialog: 70
text: She, like any other horror movie heroin, walks over to the
dialog: bad thing.
text: And when she does, Vilmer jumps out from nowhere, springing onto her like a wild
dialog: coyote.
text: He attempts to grab the chainsaw from the tree, but Finch
text: is biting his other arm and causes him to stop.
dialog: She gets free, and starts to run -- I mean fast, fast.
text: As hard as she could, away from Vilmer.
text: But, what she doesn't see is a cord -- a trip wire in front of her because of the darkness,
text: and she trips it.
text: A rope catches her foot and drags her across the woods,
text: and right into a meshing holding wooden sticks, with shaved edges to make spikes.
text: The rope drags her leg directly into the two plate of spikes
text: which mash in on her leg -- trapping her.
text: She screams in pain.
text: Vilmer walks up at a comfortable pace.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: Your death is my Sanctuary.
dialog: Your peace is my hell.
dialog: And if your living hell
dialog: grows through the straight
dialog: and narrow -- Then my friend,
dialog: you will die in my blood-
dialog: -stained hands on this moonlit
dialog: morn.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
dialog: Over the darkness, we HEAR everything from now on.
text: the CHAINSAW, REVIN' UP.
text: The chainsaw CUTTING through something, HER
speaker_heading: She SCREAMS
text: The BUZZING gets louder and LOUDER
dialog: 71
text: More high pitched female SCREAMS
text: The BUZZING IS VERY LOUD NOW.
text: She almost MOANS -- then tries to SCREAM
text: She is out of BREATH, almost
text: The SAW is RIPPING THROUGH HER, you can hear it.
text: She lets out a weak scream -- and another, but the last sound didn't sound like a scream
text: at all, but a blood-soaked gargle.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: (whispering over
dialog: chainsaw)
dialog: I'm gonna fuck you up
dialog: real good, woman. I'll make
dialog: you clean real clean -- real
dialog: real clean! Can you feel me?
dialog: Can you feel me inside of you?
dialog: This is what you deserve, and I'm
dialog: giving it to you.
dialog: (breathing heavily)
dialog: Do you feel it, I'm fucking you
dialog: up real good, Oh yeah! You bitch!
text: Over Vilmers dialogue we can still hear the chainsaw, and her trying to scream.
speaker_heading: VILMER
dialog: (breathing heavily)
dialog: Shut the fuck up! You deserve
dialog: this, you fucking whore --
dialog: Hold still Godammit! YEAH!
dialog: YEAH! YEAH! FUCK YOU? FUCK ME!
scene_heading: YEAH! -- OH-HO-HO-HA-HA
dialog: (relaxing)
dialog: Oh yeah, I fucked you up real
dialog: good.
text: The chainsaw roars at it LOUDEST.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CREDIT SEQUENCE:
dialog: 72
text: We OPEN with the CREDITS, showing pictures of the CAST, with their NAMES
text: beside them, playing KISS'S: SURE KNOW SOMTHIN'
text: Then we ROLL the credits, with KISS'S: HARD LUCK WOMAN.
text: REAL SOULUTION: A Texas Chainsaw Massacre
speaker_heading: THE END.
scene_heading: STARTED: AUGUST 7, 1997
scene_heading: ENDED: AUGUST, 14 1997
dialog: Copyright (c) 1997, Joshua Neal
dialog: Al rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or
dialog: reproduced in any manner whatsoever without the written
dialog: permission of the author.
dialog: Library of Congress Catalogging-in-Publication Data
dialog: Neal, Joshua
dialog: Real Solution: Texas Chainsaw Massacre V: a screenplay/
dialog: by Joshua Neal
dialog: p. cm.
dialog: ISBN:0-7869-8103-1
dialog: 1. Real Solution: A Texas Chainsaw Massacre (Motion Picture) I. Title.
speaker_heading: PN1999.P82R45 1997
scene_heading: 791.45'72--dc20 94-38416 CIP
speaker_heading: First Edition
dialog: 10 8 9 7
dialog: 
