dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE FUGITIVE
dialog: by
dialog: Jeb Stuart and David Twohy
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO - AERIAL - NIGHT
scene_heading: CREDITS BEGIN OVER:
text: Snow swirls around the tall buildings of downtown Chicago.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Cars, taxis, limos line the street. A cab pulls up and MAN
dialog: in tuxedo moves into:
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO HOTEL - BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: THROUGH arriving guests we PICK UP the Man climbing stairs
text: to the ballroom.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - COAT CHECK
text: The Man hands his coat to coat check woman and thanks her.
text: When he turns we get our first view of DR. RICHARD KIMBLE,
text: a tall, athletic man, with a trim beard.
text: He moves from the outer lobby into a fabulously decorated
text: ballroom where a fashion show is taking place as a medical
text: fundraiser. Doctors and their spouses, hospital brass and
text: sponsors mingle. Women sit near the runway watching the
text: models. Men talk by the bar. The room is packed.
text: A banner over the rostrum says: "CHILDREN'S RESEARCH AND
speaker_heading: AID FOUNDATION"
text: Kimble is handed a glass of champagne, which he promptly
text: sets on another waiter's passing tray.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS (V.O.)
dialog: Richard...
text: DR. ROBERTS, a large surgeon, pulls Kimble over to a group
text: of surgeons gathered around a bar. Smoking cigars.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: Cancun. Nat just talked everybody
dialog: into it...
text: A hospital equipment rep, NAT, is buying drinks.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: So, what's the deal? If the hospital
dialog: buys ten new -
speaker_heading: NAT
dialog: No, no, no, no strings attached, Dr.
dialog: Kimble. Industrial Hospital Supply
dialog: has no ulterior motives.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: On the house, huh?
dialog: (to bartender)
dialog: Tonic water with lime.
dialog: Everyone agrees.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Never get me to sell my soul for one
dialog: of those trips...
text: His tone silences the group. Kimble takes his drink.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: (to Nat)
dialog: ... But if you get any more Bulls
dialog: tickets, Nat, give me a call.
text: The group laughs, Kimble extracts himself and CREDITS
speaker_heading: CONTINUE OVER -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
text: Moving through the crowd.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
text: Nearly gets hit in the follow-through of an imaginary
dialog: golf swing.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: You're slicing, Dave. Don't turn
dialog: your hip.
text: He keeps moving.
speaker_heading: GOLFING MAN
dialog: Thanks, Richard...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ANGLE - TOUGH-LOOKING LAB RAT
text: KATHY WAHLUND, totally out of her element amid the formal
text: elegance around her. She wears a leather jacket over
text: T-shirt and stares at the action on the fashion runway.
speaker_heading: DR. WAHLUND
dialog: (dripping sarcasm)
dialog: I'm so glad you talked me into
dialog: coming, Richard... I can pick my
dialog: cruise wardrobe.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: It's for a good cause, Kath...
dialog: Besides you need to get out of the
dialog: lab more. Your electron microscope
dialog: is starting to give you a tan.
text: She smiles. He moves on.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - PARTY
text: Kimble continues down the bar when he spots a friend...
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Hey, Jim.
text: DR. JAMES NICHOLS turns, smiles. Mid-40s, head of the
text: University Hospital. He is a fit contemporary.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Richard, I just saw someone who
dialog: wanted to meet you...
text: Just then Kimble spots an attractive WOMAN, late thirties,
text: wearing a drop-dead, simple black gown. She's surrounded by
text: a group of men hanging on her every word. She and Kimble
text: catch a look and hold it.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS (V.O.)
dialog: Richard Kimble... Alex Lentz. Alex
dialog: is working on the RDU90 trials for
dialog: Devlin-Macgregor.
text: Kimble turns to meet DR. ALEXANDER LENTZ, late 30s, tan,
text: smiling. Lentz extends his hand...
speaker_heading: LENTZ
dialog: Dr. Kimble... Sorry, we've been
dialog: trading phone calls last few days
dialog: ... something about a biopsy report
dialog: I returned to you?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: (suddenly attentive)
dialog: Yeah... Three. Livers appeared
dialog: hepatetic to me.
speaker_heading: LENTZ
dialog: I'll be in my office in the morning
dialog: and I'll pull up the samples. Is that
dialog: a good time for you?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: LENTZ
text: (holds Kimble's look,
dialog: then to Nichols)
dialog: See you, Jim.
text: Lentz moves on. Kimble looks after him a beat, then focuses
text: on relocating the Woman he just saw. She's gone. He and
text: Nichols move together through the party.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: (digs in his pocket)
dialog: Before I forget, I went by the garage
dialog: this afternoon and picket up the
dialog: Ferrari. Thanks for the loaner again.
text: He hands Kimble a valet ticket.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: They fix it this time?
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: We'll see.
text: They reach the Woman Kimble saw, his wife, HELEN KIMBLE.
text: Kimble kisses her.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: You look fabulous, Helen.
text: He kisses Helen.
speaker_heading: HELEN (WOMAN)
dialog: Hello, Jim.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: (to Kimble)
dialog: We've got a court tomorrow at three.
text: Nichols leaves. Kimble looks at his wife.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Well, I've seen everyone, can we
dialog: leave?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: That would be a little abrupt, don't
dialog: you think?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ANGLE - KIMBLE'S TABLE - NIGHT
text: A table for ten. Kimble and Helen introduce themselves to
text: others at table ant sit across from each other.
text: Kimble sits between two doctors' wives. One, NOW EAU WIFE,
text: mid-thirties, bedecked in jewels and loud dress, the other
speaker_heading: OLDER WIFE.
text: Helen sits between their husbands who are trying to impress
text: her with the details of their boring studies as CREDITS
text: CONTINUE...
text: INTERCUTTING WITH the fashion, catches of dialog and course
text: changes, Kimble and Helen demonstrate an oft-used exchange
text: of glances: Kimble, while gracious to his dinner partners,
text: catches Helen's eye and makes smiling, subtle movements to
text: his watch or a look to the door to indicate he's clearly
text: ready to leave. On the receiving end, Helen, the gatekeeper
dialog: of their social propriety, indicates with equal subtlety:
dialog: "not yet."
text: As we MOVE AROUND the table we hear:
dialog: "Where's your husband on staff?" "My husband's an orthopod
dialog: at Northwestern." "I'm working on a new technique..."
dialog: "That's fascinating..." "That's quite a marvelous dress
dialog: you're wearing." "Do you like it? My husband says it's a
dialog: 'four-fracture number."' "Honey." (A look from her husband.)
text: Kimble shares a look with Helen. He subtly motions to his
text: watch: time go to, and mouths the word: "now." She shakes
dialog: her head.
speaker_heading: NOW EAU WIFE
dialog: (to table)
dialog: I told my husband that he was going
dialog: to kill us if he didn't stop
dialog: operating. What with this AIDS thing,
dialog: he's putting us all at risk.
text: Helen and Kimble absorb this comment without reaction, share
text: a look. Helen mouths the word: "Now."
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (to her dinner partners)
dialog: I'm sorry, I have to get my husband
dialog: home.
text: They say their good-byes and pass Nichols' table. Nichols
text: shakes his friend's hand in passing. From across the room we
text: see Lentz watching.
scene_heading: INT. KIMBLE'S MERCEDES - NIGHT
text: Kimble and Helen driving home. She runs her fingers through
text: his hair as he drives.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You looked handsome tonight...
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Thank you...
text: He smiles to himself, seems to enjoy the compliment too much
text: for Helen. Her smile becomes playful, mischievous.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Uh, huh... most men in a tuxedo look
dialog: like waiters...
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: But me?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You looked more like... a band
dialog: director.
text: He stops at red light, leans over and kisses her. Light
text: changes and neither notice. Slowly their kiss breaks.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Are we home yet?...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KIMBLE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Kimble pulls up in front of his house. Suddenly both his
text: PAGER and CAR PHONE RING at the same time.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Dr. Kimble
dialog: (suddenly attentive)
dialog: When? Okay, tell them I'll be there
dialog: in ten minutes.
text: He hangs up.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Tim's got a problem.
text: Helen kisses him again, opens the door.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Call me on your way home.
dialog: CREDITS END as we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL - HALLWAY / SCRUB ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kimble, wearing scrubs but without head gear, moves down
text: stairs to the OR hall.
text: He sticks his head into the operating room.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Cavalry's here.
text: Two harried surgeons look up, glad to see him.
speaker_heading: SCRUB ROOM
text: Kimble begins scrubbing as the RESIDENT comes out to bring
text: him up to speed.
speaker_heading: RESIDENT
dialog: Patient is a male, forty-three. We
dialog: pulled his gall bladder and the
dialog: bleeding started.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: What's his pro time?
speaker_heading: RESIDENT
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: He's at 36 seconds. We got a major
dialog: bleeder in here.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: You talk to the family?
speaker_heading: RESIDENT
text: None. He's off the street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - OPERATING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Operation in progress. Top medical facility filled with
text: trained professionals and state of the art equipment. Kimble
text: is assisted across the table by the chief Resident. Both
text: working so intently they never look at each other as they
dialog: talk...
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: (to Anesthesiologist)
dialog: Okay... I'm clamping. Can he
dialog: tolerate it?
speaker_heading: ANESTHESIOLOGIST
dialog: He's a very sick guy.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Do we have a choice?
speaker_heading: ANESTHESIOLOGIST
dialog: Go for it.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Marie, give me a clamp...
text: MARIE, the scrub nurse, passes him the instrument and Kimble
text: and the other SURGEON continue to work with the Resident
dialog: assisting.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: (never looking up)
dialog: Your husband know you're here tonight,
dialog: Marie?... What about this liver?
speaker_heading: RESIDENT
dialog: History's sketchy. Could be an
dialog: alcoholic.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Who referred him?
speaker_heading: RESIDENT
text: He's on a drug protocol. RDU90.
text: Kimble looks up and shares a look with the chief Resident
text: over their masks, then back to work.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: The wave of the future... Marie, you
dialog: told Frank yet? Frank is so jealous
dialog: of this late night thing we've got
dialog: going here... This should hold him.
dialog: Bleeding's stopped. Let's get a
dialog: biopsy...
dialog: (to circulating nurse)
dialog: Send it downstairs and make sure you
dialog: get Kath her slice.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: You staying for the closing, Rich?
text: Kimble moves away and sheds his gloves and gown.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: No. I got a date.
scene_heading: INT. SCRUB ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kimble throws away his hat and mask. The door opens behind
text: him; it is the other Surgeon.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: Hey, Richard...
text: Kimble turns.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KIMBLE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Kimble driving through empty Chicago streets toward home.
text: He is on phone, waits for answer.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Hi. I'm five minutes away...
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. KIMBLE'S TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Helen on the phone, downstairs. She is still in her gown with
text: an afghan around her shoulders. She's been reading.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I'm glad it went well. I'll see you
dialog: in a minute.
text: Helen hangs up phone, turns out the light and starts up the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO STREET - NIGHT
text: Kimble driving.
scene_heading: INT. KIMBLE-S TOWNHOUSE - DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Helen moves down the hall toward the dressing room/closet.
text: Opens the door to large closet dressing room and turns on
text: the light. Nothing. She starts to leave and decides to close
text: one of the interior closet doors.
text: She starts to slide the door closed when - wham!
text: A hand reaches out and clutches her by the neck. Helen
text: claws and scratches to get free and in her struggle her
text: string of pearls bursts...
text: ... and a single pearl bounces out of the bedroom... rolls
text: across the landing to the stairs, stopping three steps from
dialog: the top.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KIMBLE'S TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Snow swirls around the street as Kimble's car pulls into the
text: driveway. On the third floor, we see a bedroom light still
dialog: on.
scene_heading: INT. KIMBLE'S TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: A GRANDFATHER CLOCK TICKS softly. Kimble tosses his keys on
text: the entry table, picks up a stack of mail on the table and
text: calls up the stairs.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: I'm home. Did you hear who won the
dialog: Bulls game?
text: No answer. He steps into the:
speaker_heading: KITCHEN
text: The wall phone shows a line in use. Kimble notices it. The
text: WASHER BUZZES, he switches the clothes from washer to dryer,
text: and STARTS the MACHINE. Takes a bottle of wine and two
text: glassesand leaves the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - CLOSE ON .38 SMITH AND WESSON - NIGHT
text: Lies on the floor, beside Helen's legs and the receiver of
text: phone, off the hook. A man's rubber-gloved hand picks up the
dialog: gun.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS - STAIRS - NIGHT
text: Kimble starts up the stairs to the bedroom...
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Helen's hand reaches out presses the cradle down, dials
speaker_heading: ON KIMBLE
text: Climbing the stairs... suddenly stops.
text: A small white ball on the stairs. He bends down and picks
dialog: it up... a pearl.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Helen?
text: Silence. He can see directly into the bedroom. It's quiet.
text: Too quiet. He notices a lampshade on the floor.
scene_heading: UPSTAIRS HALL - NIGHT
text: Kimble moves slowly to the opened doorway. And just before
text: he enters he sees a large form in the crack behind the door.
dialog: Adrenal surge.
text: Kimble slams the door back on the figure knocking the gun
text: free. Before Kimble can move to it a forearm flattens him.
text: The attacker immediately goes for the gun. Kimble grabs a
text: leg and twists him down, the man's fingers hit the gun,
text: sending it skittering across the hardwood floor of the
text: landing and over the edge - three flights to the entry
dialog: hall below.
text: SIRENS can be heard. Distant but APPROACHING.
text: The man kicks free and tries to flee. This time Kimble
text: catches an arm and twists it at an unnatural angle. To his
text: shock, the limb detaches between the shoulder and elbow.
text: Kimble looks at the arm in his hands - it's hollow.
text: Electrodes are visible inside - then to the man's unreadable
dialog: face...
text: The SIRENS are LOUDER...
text: Before Kimble can recover, the One-Armed Man knocks Kimble
text: down and grabs back his arm. He runs down the stairs.
text: Kimble pulls himself up and starts to follow but is stopped
text: by a VOICE behind him in the bedroom...
speaker_heading: HELEN (O.S.)
dialog: He's here... still in the house...
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Lying by the bed, Helen Kimble, clutches the phone with one
text: hand, her head with the other.
speaker_heading: 911 (V.O.)
dialog: Did I hear you right? Your attacker
dialog: is still in the house? Ma'am?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: He's trying to kill me...
text: Kimble appears. Helen drops the phone when she sees him.
speaker_heading: 911 (V.O.)
dialog: Will you repeat that please?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (to Kimble)
dialog: Richard... He's trying to kill me...
dialog: my head.
scene_heading: EXT. KIMBLE'S TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Two Chicago police cars wheel to the curb, COPS move quickly
dialog: to the house.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Kimble moves to her. Sees the necklace of bruises where she
text: was held down and choked. And then a bullet wound in her
text: leg. She's already going into shock. Her speech turns thick.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Hang on, babe... going to be all
dialog: right.
text: Her fingernails dig into Kimble's arm, trying to hold on.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: My head. Richard my hold me.
text: Her eyes slip away from his. He peels away the hand on her
text: head - and sees raw pummeled brain staring back and realizes
dialog: she won't be all right.
text: CAMERA SWINGS DOWN TO the dropped phone.
speaker_heading: 911 (V.O.)
dialog: ... Hello. You said his name is
dialog: Richard? Ma'am, can you talk to me?
dialog: Ma'am?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KIMBLE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The Cops enter the house. See the .38 lying on the floor.
text: Covering each other, they move quickly up the stairs - guns
dialog: drawn.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Third floor. The First Cop, gun drawn, turns the corner of
text: Kimble's bedroom and finds:
text: Kimble holding his dead wife. Blood on his hands.
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: Move away from her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KIMBLE'S TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Kimble, numbed by the event, washes the blood off his hands
text: in the kitchen sink. A cop takes his blood-stained tux
text: jacket, and another hands him a parka.
scene_heading: EXT. KIMBLE'S TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: The street is filled with Chicago police cars, curious
text: neighbors, television news vans, etc.
text: Kimble is helped into a police car as the coroner's van
text: arrives. He pauses a moment to watch as we hear.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE KELLY (V.O.)
dialog: Can you give us a little more to go
dialog: on besides the fact that he had an
dialog: artificial arm? What kind of gun was
dialog: it, Doc?
scene_heading: INT. 11TH STREET DISTRICT HOUSE - NIGHT
text: CAMERA FINDS Kimble in an interview room. He is in "why"
text: shock. "Why her." "Why me?" Says nothing. Two Detectives:
text: KELLY and ROSETTI. Kelly, the questioner, is overweight,
text: aggressive. He shifts his gun on his hip so he can sit down.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: It was .38... I think. I only saw it
dialog: for a second. I knocked it out of
text: his hand.
text: As Kimble is questioned we INTERCUT WITH flashes of the
dialog: murder scene being processed:
scene_heading: FLASH - INT. KIMBLE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Forensics technicians photograph the .38 at the base of the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE ROSETTI (V.O.)
dialog: Do you own a gun, Dr. Kimble?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE ROSETTI (V.O.)
dialog: What kind of gun?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: A .38 Smith.
scene_heading: FLASH - FORENSICS TECHNICIAN DUSTS CRYSTAL LAMP
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE KELLY
dialog: Did you have your key with you tonight,
dialog: Dr. Kimble?
speaker_heading: FLASH - COPS
text: Checking doors of house for signs of forcible entry.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: PHONE RINGS. Rosetti answers it. Kimble watches him write
text: something down, he slides it to Kelly.
scene_heading: FLASH - MEASURE "NECKLACE" OF BRUISES ON HELEN'S NECK
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE KELLY (V.O.)
dialog: Your wife was loaded wasn't she? I mean, she was worth quite
dialog: a bit of money.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Kimble looks up at the two cops. For the first time he seems
text: to sense something aggressive in their questioning.
text: They no longer seem on the same team.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: What's going on here? This guy was
dialog: trying to rob us.
text: The two cops stare at Kimble.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: You guys have got to be out of your
dialog: minds. I didn't kill my wife!
text: He gets up to go. A cop blocks his path. He turns and looks
dialog: at Kelly.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE KELLY
dialog: Let's start over, Dr. Kimble. What'd
dialog: you have for breakfast?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. 11TH ST. POLICE STATION - NIGHT
text: Kimble in his tuxedo shirt and black tie holds a booking
text: number plate in front of him as a mug shot is taken...
text: front, then side.
speaker_heading: MAN (V.O.)
dialog: We're all adults here so I'll lay it
dialog: out...
scene_heading: EXT. NEWSSTAND - DAY
text: Chicago Sun-Times has a photograph of Kimble spread across
text: the front page.
speaker_heading: MAN (V.O.)
dialog: ... If you two come up with a deal,
dialog: I'll listen, but let me make one
dialog: thing perfectly clear.
scene_heading: INT. ELECTRONICS SUPERSTORE - DAY
text: Salesmen continue to hawk sets. Kimble's photograph comes
text: up on a hundred TV monitors across the store.
speaker_heading: NEWS REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: Police are revealing no details in
dialog: the case against Chicago surgeon...
scene_heading: INT. KIMBLE'S CELL - DAY
text: Kimble lays on his bunk. Thinking...
speaker_heading: MAN (V.O.)
dialog: ... It's an election year...
scene_heading: INT. JUDGE'S CHAMBERS - DAY
text: CAMERA MOVES THROUGH smoke-fillet room to find tough FEMALE
text: PROSECUTOR, a man in late forties, WALTER GUTHERIE, and STOPS
dialog: ON the source of the voice we've been hearing and the cigar:
dialog: JUDGE BENNETT, late fifties. Fair but, no nonsense, political
dialog: survivor.
speaker_heading: JUDGE BENNETT
dialog: ... and this case is a heater. It
dialog: will not end up a bench trial...
scene_heading: INT. COOK COUNTY JAIL - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Richard Kimble in County lockup fatigues and a navy watch cap
text: moves down long corridor, escorted by GUARD.
speaker_heading: GUTHERIE (V.O.)
dialog: We've had private investigators
dialog: interview over a hundred amputees,
dialog: Richard...
scene_heading: INT. PRISON INTERVIEW ROOM - DAY
text: Walter Gutherie, his attorney, stands by a window looking
text: out at the yard. Another attorney, RANDOLPH, watches
dialog: Gutherie.
speaker_heading: GUTHERIE
dialog: ... We can't find this guy.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: I know what I saw, Walter.
speaker_heading: GUTHERIE
dialog: I put you up on the stand to say what
dialog: you saw without anything that
dialog: remotely smells like proof and the
dialog: State's attorney is going to take
dialog: this one-armed man story and run it
dialog: up our ass.
dialog: (he holds Kimble's look)
dialog: Look, Richard, you're paying us a
dialog: lot of money to defend you... A plea
dialog: to second degree -
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: I didn't kill my wife.
scene_heading: INT. COOK COUNTY JAIL - DAY
text: Kimble being escorted back to the courtroom. A guard carries
text: his suit in a bag. He is taunted by other prisoners.
speaker_heading: GUTHERIE (V.O.)
dialog: You're a successful upper middle
dialog: class white man charged in a
dialog: violent crime...
scene_heading: INT. COOK COUNTY LOCKUP / CHANGE ROOM - DAY
text: On the other side of the door is the courtroom. A sheriff's
text: deputy hands Kimble (now wearing his suit), a small plastic
text: bag. In it we see his wedding band.
speaker_heading: GUTHERIE (V.O.)
dialog: It's a circumstantial case, but it's
dialog: also a jury trial. We play 'em, they
dialog: play 'em...
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO COURTROOM - DAY
text: Richard Kimble sits at defense table... watches prosecutors
text: chat with Helen's relatives. Media anchors glare at him.
speaker_heading: GUTHERIE (V.O.)
dialog: ... But if we lose, we lose big.
dialog: Just remember, they're lined up a
dialog: block long to have your hide.
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: PHOTOGRAPH OF HELEN KIMBLE'S BODY
text: A crime scene photograph.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE KELLY
text: On the stand.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE KELLY
dialog: No forcible entry was found. From
dialog: the beginning of the investigation,
text: it did not appear to be a break-in.
dialog: Nothing was missing.
speaker_heading: FORENSICS TECHNICIAN
text: On the stand.
speaker_heading: FORENSICS TECHNICIAN
dialog: The defendant's prints were found on
text: the neck, gun, bullets, and lamp...
dialog: no other sets were fount other than
dialog: the deceased.
scene_heading: FACES OF THE JURY
text: Impassive. Attentive. His "peers." They listen to the
text: recording of the 911 tape.
speaker_heading: 911 (V.O.)
dialog: Did I hear you right? Your attacker
dialog: is still in the house? Ma'am?
speaker_heading: HELEN (V.O.)
dialog: He's trving to kill me...
speaker_heading: 911 (V.O.)
dialog: Will you repeat that please?
speaker_heading: HELEN (V.O.)
dialog: Richard... He's trying to kill me...
scene_heading: KIBLE'S POV - THE JURY
text: A few members lean over to make notes. It's powerful taken
text: out of context.
text: NICHOLS ON THE STAND
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Dr. Nichols. You are aware that
dialog: Richard Kimble was the only
dialog: beneficiary of Helen Kimble's estate.
dialog: 12 million dollars roughly.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: I was aware of that. The money meant
dialog: nothing to him.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Yet in your presence, Richard Kimble
dialog: once said that 'if he had Helen's
dialog: money he could find plenty of uses.'
dialog: Did he not?
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: We were talking about -
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Yes or no?
dialog: Nichols' look tells us everything... Yes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CORONER
text: On the stand.
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: The wound to the head caused a
text: massive hemorrhage to the brain. It
dialog: took from five to seven minutes for
dialog: her to die...
text: A woman in the jury reacts. Kimble notices.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
text: On the stand. He finishes his moving description of the
text: events. We see some of the jury has been moved.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: ... And I was holding her when the
dialog: officers came in.
text: Gutherie returns to his seat. The Prosecutor moves to the
text: jury. He begins slowly but his questions pick up strength.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: How tall was this man, Dr. Kimble?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: I can't be sure. We were, mostly on
dialog: the floor, fighting... I couldn't -
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Did that fight cause the scratches
dialog: on your face and arms?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: No. As I explained -
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: And how did this man enter your
dialog: house?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: I don't know -
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: And you probably don't know why your
dialog: wife told the emergency operator You
dialog: were her attacker?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: She didn't -
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Your name is Richard, isn't it? Your
dialog: gun is a .38, isn't it? Your prints
dialog: were on the gun, the bullets, the
dialog: lamp, her neck, weren't they?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Look...
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Weren't they?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Richard Kimble sits behind the desk, but already he's a
text: shadow of the man we knew before, stares ahead passively as
text: Judge Bennett delivers the sentencing to hushed courtroom.
speaker_heading: JUDGE BENNETT
dialog: After careful and studied review of
dialog: all evidence presented during each
dialog: phase of this proceeding, and
dialog: because aggravated circumstances,
dialog: detailed at length, were present
dialog: the night of January 20th.
text: Kimble is silent, stunned, but all around him the sentence
text: shockwaves through the courtroom. Reporters push out rear
text: doors. Prosecutors share a look - with a hangman's
text: satisfaction. Nichols, watching behind Kimble's table,
text: lowers his head. Disbelief.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON RICHARD KIMBLE
text: He remains silent. Kimble is pulled gently to his feet by
text: bailiff. Gutherie whispers an "I'm sorry." Kimble doesn't
dialog: hear it.
speaker_heading: JUDGE BENNETT (V.O.)
dialog: Therefore, it is the decision of
dialog: this court...
text: Looks over his shoulder to the emptying courtroom. Faces
dialog: stare back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KIT ROOM - DAY
scene_heading: Judge Bennett's V.O. CONTINUES over:
text: A locker opening. Inside, a profusion of chrome and nickel
text: plating. Jailhouse jewelry. Handcuffs dragged out. Action
dialog: checked.
speaker_heading: JUDGE BENNETT (V.O.)
dialog: ... that you be remanded to Menard
dialog: State penitentiary...
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON CUFFS
text: Slapped down over wrists, ratcheting down tight.
text: Ankle cuffs dragged out. Pant legs raised, canvas shoes
text: exposed. Cuffs clamped down on ankles.
text: CHAINS RATTLED out. Snaked across the floor. Looped around
text: waists and locked to handcuffs to form belly chains.
speaker_heading: JUDGE BENNETT (V.O.)
dialog: ... where you will serve a sentence
dialog: of life imprisonment without
dialog: possibility of parole.
scene_heading: EXT . SALLY PORT (COOK COW TY JAIL) - NIGHT
text: The chain gang exits through the sally port. Kimble and
text: three other prisoners. Jailers escort them to...
text: An Illinois Department of Corrections guard moves alongside,
text: checking the undercarriage with a pole-mounted mirror.
dialog: The GAVEL CRACKS as we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUS - CLOSE ON KEY - DAY
text: Locking wire mesh cage inside bus.
text: An old DIESEL COUGHS to life.
scene_heading: EXT. COOK COUNTY JAIL - NIGHT
text: Main gates open. The BUS GRINDS onto the streets.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - DAY
text: The four prisoners sit scattered, still cuffed but no longer
text: chained together. Near the front, PRISONER #1 is eyeing...
text: The two prison guards seated beyond the caged door. YOUNG
text: GUARD lighting a smoke. OLD GUARD drowsing. Shotguns
text: bouncing on their knees. Prisoner #l shifts his gaze to...
text: The driver. Pistol on his hip.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESOLATE HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: The BUS RUMBLES north, heading towards the horizon.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - NIGHT
text: PRISONER #1 rises. Through caging:
speaker_heading: PRISONER #1
dialog: Hey. Illinois penal regulations
dialog: require a meal for transport
dialog: rides of four hours or more.
text: Young Guard shakes his head. "Fucking jailhouse lawyers."
text: Checks his watch: 4:00.
speaker_heading: YOUNG GUARD
dialog: Jack! Feedin' time.
text: Old Guard yawns to his feet, unhooks a key-ring from his
text: belt. Young Guard stows his shotgun in the weapons locker.
text: PRISONER #2 looks at Kimble. Kimble stirs awake... watches
text: the cage door open, Young Guard moving back. And across the
dialog: aisle...
text: PRISONER #3, a big man named COPELAND, wags his head
text: between his knees. Something slides out of his shirt and
text: CLANKS to the dimpled steel floor. It's a razor sharp
text: plastic shank.
text: Heart quickening, Kimble looks forward. Young Guard is
text: handing a petrified sandwich to Prisoner #1. Kimble snaps
text: a look back to Copeland, who palms the shank.
speaker_heading: COPELAND
dialog: Breathe, and you're first.
text: Old Guard watches from the open cage door, shotgun
text: carelessly ready.
text: Young Guard reaches Kimble and extends a sandwich. Kimble
text: doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: YOUNG GUARD
dialog: Suit yourself.
text: He offers the sandwich to Copeland. In the exchange,
text: sandwich drops. Copeland leans down for it.
text: Up front, Old Guard yawns again just as...
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Look out!
text: Too late... Jackknifing up, Copeland drives the shank into
text: Young Guard's gut.
text: Prisoner #2 dives for Young Guard's holster. As the gun comes
text: out, Young Guard gets a hand on it. A SHOT FIRES...
text: Jolting Old Guard. He chambers his shotgun. Kimble hits the
text: floor. The Old Guard jams a key into the cage door and surges
dialog: inside, but...
text: Prisoner #1 broadsides Old Guard. SHOTGUN DISCHARGES...
text: Opening a big Gainsburger hole in the driver. He sinks under
text: the steering wheel. A knee hits the accelerator.
text: The CAGE DOOR SLAMS locked behind the Old Guard.
scene_heading: EXT. DESOLATE HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: As the bus careens off the road, accelerating.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - NIGHT
text: Young Guard wrestles gun from Prisoner #2 and FIRES, killing
text: prisoner #2. Copeland grapples with wounded Young Guard.
text: Old Guard shotgun-butts Prisoner #1, flips the gun, PUMPS
text: ONE ROUND into the man's chest. Dead. He turns just as...
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN LAND - NIGHT
text: As the driverless BUS BUCKS ant BANGS over open ground.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - NIGHT
text: Old Guard reloads. Copeland drops down behind a seat.
text: Old Guard jams his SHOTGUN under the seat. But just as the
text: Old Guard pulls the trigger the bus jerks. The SHOT goes
dialog: off target as...
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN LAND - NIGHT
text: The BUS ROARS into a gravel embankment. ROARS up the slope
text: and CRASHES down on its side - sliding to a stop at the
text: bottom of a small ravine.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - NIGHT
text: ENGINE DIES. Dusty silence. We don't know up from down.
text: On his knees, Old Guard makes his way to the driver. Finds
text: him dead. Now a SOUND. Old Guard whips his shotgun around
dialog: at...
text: Kimble. Rising between the seats.
text: A hairy beat. Old Guard might kill him just to finish things
text: off. But a GROAN turns Old Guard's head.
text: Young Guard, trying to hold his guts in. Old Guart turns to
dialog: find Kimble.
speaker_heading: OLD GUARD
dialog: (to Kimble)
dialog: You. You're a doctor. C'mere.
text: He slides to the Young Guard as the Old Guard scrounges up a
text: medical kit, shoves Kimble down on Young Guard.
speaker_heading: OLD GUARD
dialog: Do something.
text: Kimble looks at his cuffs. "In these?" Old Guard digs out
text: his key ring and unlocks Kimble's hands - only his hands.
text: Kimble opens medical kit. It's been ransacked - just
text: Band-Aids now. Kimble looks into the wound.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: He isn't going to make it unless he
text: gets to a hospital. Fast.
speaker_heading: OLD GUARD
dialog: ZL.
text: In this delicate moment a SHIVER runs through the bus. Is it
dialog: just settling?
text: With other things to worry about, Kimble tries to stop Young
text: Guard's bleeding.
speaker_heading: ANGLE UNDER SEAT
text: We see Copeland, alive. The crash has ripped the bars from a
text: back window and shattered the glass. He works to get out the
dialog: opening.
text: BACK TO KIMBLE
text: A second SHIVER ripples through the bus, stronger. Kimble
text: retracts his hands to touch a metal panel - and feels a
text: growing vibration.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Just where the hell are we?
text: The Old Guard feels it too. He gets down on his knees and
text: looks out one of the shattered, barred windows.
speaker_heading: OLD GUARD
dialog: Oh, shit...
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD TRACKS - NIGHT
text: The bus lies across railroad tracks. A not-too-distant bend
text: grows bright by the light of an approaching train.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - NIGHT
text: Kimble sees: Old Guard fights the cage door. Kimble lunges
text: to his side.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: It's locked. Where're your keys?
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD TRACKS - NIGHT
text: Downtrack, one Cyclops light appears.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - NIGHT
text: Kimble spots keys. Pitches them to Old Guard. Drags Young
text: Guard to the front for a quick exit. But Old Guard fumbles
text: the key-ring, his hands shaking as much as the bus.
text: The train light spider-webs across cracked windows. Kimble
text: snatches the keys away from the Guard's trembling hands.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Which one? This? This one?!
text: Old Guard gulps a nod. Kimble jams a key in the lock. Throws
text: the door open. Grabs Young Guard.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Help me get him -
text: But Old Guard climbs right over Kimble's back and climbs out
text: the shattered windshield.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON REAR OF BUS
text: Copeland escapes through the hole in the back...
scene_heading: EXT. BUS - NIGHT
text: ... and hits the ground running the other way. The
text: locomotive's headlight reveals the toppled bus.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - NIGHT
text: Train light grows. A nanosecond of uncertainty: Should
text: Kimble leave the wounded man? Kimble and the Young Guard
text: hold a look.
scene_heading: EXT. FREIGHT TRAIN - NIGHT
text: As the WHEELS BRAKE and LOCK.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD TRACKS - NIGHT
text: Kimble struggles out of the bus - pulling the Young Guard
text: behind him. He slings the man clear.
text: SCREECHING death, the TRAIN SKIDS closer.
text: For one heartbeat, Kimble remains perched atop the bus.
text: The train light X-rays him.
text: Kimble leaps. Lands. Rolls. Gains his feet. Tries to sprint
text: away but can't: His feet are still chained. He gets off a
text: dozen mincing steps before...
text: IMPACT: A hundred tons of STEEL SLAMS into the bus,
text: splitting it open.
text: Shrapnel rips through Kimble's thigh, but he stays on his
text: feet, still running feverish half-steps.
text: An EXPLOSION envelops the train. Flames stream down its
dialog: flanks.
text: The train burns past the wounded Guard.
text: Kimble looks back, expecting to see the catastrophe behind
dialog: him. But he gets the shock of his life - of any man's life:
text: Still on its wheels, the locomotive is derailing - and coming
dialog: after him. It's the stuff of nightmares: One little man being
text: chased by a fire-breathing locomotive.
text: The train burrows to a stop.
text: Kimble is suddenly five feet taller, standing on an upheaval
text: of earth, staring eyeball-to-eyeball with the train that
text: nearly devoured him. He pants. Coughs on smoke. Then notices
text: something in his hand.
dialog: It's the key-ring.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Kimble sits and searches the key-ring for manacle key.
text: Suddenly a hand reaches down and snatches the key-ring away.
speaker_heading: COPELAND (O.S.)
dialog: Give me that.
text: Kimble watches as Copeland quickly unlocks both sets of his
dialog: own chains.
speaker_heading: COPELAND
dialog: You listen to me. I don't give a
dialog: damn which way you go, just don't
dialog: follow me.
text: Kimble takes the key as Copeland wraps his chains around his
text: arm and runs. Kimble unlocks his leg irons and runs in the
text: other direction - crossing a hilltop in the moonlight.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CRASH SITE (SOUTHERN ILLINOIS) - NIGHT
text: News and sheriff's department choppers circle billowing
text: smoke. TILT DOWN to reveal the derailed train. Fire engines
text: hose down the blackened locomotive. Rescue workers work
text: feverishly with jaws-of-life to get into the mangled
text: wreckage. Illuminated by spotlights, transportation
text: investigators in blue coveralls pick through the twisted
text: remains of the bus. State troopers restrain spectators.
text: Two American-made rental cars pull up. Four deputy U.S.
dialog: marshals emerge:
text: BIGGS. Swaggering Midwestern carnivore. Built like a brick
dialog: shithouse.
text: RENFRO. Bantam-rooster of a man, no more than 140 pounds
text: fully-equipped.
dialog: POOLE. Black woman. Nobody minds having her around during
dialog: nut-cuttin' time.
text: NEWMAN, a scrub-faced G-5.
text: From the second car steps GERARD. He takes in the media
dialog: spectacle.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Good lord...
speaker_heading: REFRO
dialog: What is this... a circus?
text: As a group they begin moving along the service road above
text: the crash site. Derailed train cars are accortianed below
text: them. They take in the elements of the crash and as they
text: walk each begins to reveal their U.S. Marshal's credentials.
text: Biggs spots something...
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Point of impact.
text: ... and branches off.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Biggs, your turn to babysit Newman.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Shit.
dialog: (to Newman)
dialog: Come on.
text: They drop down to the crash site. Poole ant Renfro remain
dialog: with Gerard.
text: A state TROOPER steps into their path, but falls away when he
text: sees Gerard's Marshall star.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: How ya doing? Who's in charge?
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: Sheriff Rollins. Just follow the
dialog: lights -
text: Gerard follows his point to where TV lights illuminate the
text: scene. He shakes his head - it doesn't please him.
text: Renfro and Poole share a look, they seem to know what's
text: about to happen.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - OLD GUARD
text: Seated near a tree. A space blanket draped over his
text: shoulders. He is surrounded by EMT personnel, and a YOUNG
text: SHERIFF, clearly basking in the event. Television remote
text: news crews are kept only slight back. Gerard appears in the
dialog: b.g., listening.
speaker_heading: OLD GUARD
dialog: ... train was bearin' down on us,
dialog: fast. I don't know how - it's still
dialog: kind of hazy - but I grabbed him
text: and pushed him out of the bus.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: You coulda both been killed.
speaker_heading: OLD GUARD
dialog: I know, but hell, he's my partner.
dialog: Woulda done the same for me.
text: The young Sheriff in charge nods, buying the story. Gerard
text: eases forward, displays his badge, interrupts.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Excuse me, Sheriff Rollins? Deputy
dialog: U.S. Marshal Samuel Gerard.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: I'll be with you in a minute.
text: The television lights widen to illuminate Gerard. He shields
text: his eyes. The Sheriff opens a file and produces fax-photos
dialog: of all four prisoners.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (to Old Guard)
dialog: For the record. These three dead.
dialog: And this one...
text: He switches to a photo of Kimble.
speaker_heading: OLD GUARD
dialog: Well, everything happened so fast...
dialog: (bites lip, decides)
dialog: Huh-uh. Don't think he made it.
text: Sheriff eyes the wreckage that could entomb a hundred
text: prisoners, then files Kimble's fax-photo with the others.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: You get some rest.
text: He pats the Guard on the shoulder and approaches Gerard.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Looks like you came a long way for
dialog: nothing. My men've already done a
dialog: thorough search from point of
dialog: impact and found nothing.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
speaker_heading: ANGLE - CULVERT
text: Biggs and Newman stop by the muddy culvert. Biggs sees
text: something. He orders Newman into the muck after it.
speaker_heading: GERARD
text: Aware of media, proceeds patiently with the young Sheriff.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: With all due respect, may I suggest
text: check-points starting at a 15-mile
dialog: radius on I-57, I-24, Route 13 east
dialog: of -
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa... For what?
text: Prisoners are all dead. The only
dialog: thing check-points will do is get a
dialog: lot of good people out here frantic
dialog: and flood my office with calls.
text: Gerard finally touches eyeballs with the young Sheriff and
dialog: we get our first taste of Gerard at close range.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Well, shit, Sheriff, I'd hate for
dialog: that to happen... So, I'll be
text: taking over the investigation.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: On whose authority?
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: By authority of the Governor of the
dialog: State of Illinois and the office of
dialog: the United States Marshal, 5th
dialog: District Northern Illinois...
dialog: Poole produces State and Federal authorization documents
text: from one of her pockets and hands it to the young Sheriff.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (back-down beat)
dialog: Okay. You want jurisdiction over
dialog: this mess, you got it.
dialog: (to assistants)
dialog: Shut it down. Wyatt Earp is here to
dialog: mop up for us.
text: He slaps the file of fax-photos at Gerard on his way out.
text: Just as Biggs, spotless, eases ino the group with Kimble's
text: manacles. Behind Biggs we see Newman, covered in mud.
text: Seeing the leg irons, the Sheriff and his deputies pile to
text: a stop. Now Gerard takes his run at Old Guard.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Please, ladies and gentlemen, step
dialog: back and give this poor man some
dialog: room.
text: Like an obedient dog the press backs off, they sense a
dialog: change of story and command.
text: Gerard kneels down with Poole and Renfro in front of the
text: Old Guard. The Sheriff hovers near.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (friendly, to Old
dialog: Guard)
dialog: Always an interesting thing when we
dialog: find leg irons and no legs in them
dialog: who held the keys, sir?
speaker_heading: OLD GUARD
dialog: Uh, me.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Would you be so kind as to show them
dialog: to me, sir?
text: Gerard's large hand extends palm up at the Old Guard.
text: The Old Guard pats his pockets, comes up empty. He eyes the
text: press hovering just out of earshot.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Second chance.
text: Poole reopens the file of photos in front of the man.
text: The Old Guard can't take it - points to Kimble's photo.
speaker_heading: OLD GUARD
dialog: (cracking)
dialog: He mighta got out.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: What the hell is this? A minute ago
dialog: you tell me he's part of the
dialog: wreckage, now you're -
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Renfro - Take that bus apart. I want
dialog: an accurate body count. Poole - Set
dialog: up operations right here.
text: He stops and looks into the TV lights and starts moving
text: downtrack. The media and State Police move with him like
text: Israelites behind Moses.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen... our
dialog: fugitive's been on the run for
dialog: ninety minutes. Average foot speed
dialog: over uneven ground - barring injury
dialog: is approximately four miles an hour,
dialog: giving us a radius of six miles. I
dialog: want a hard-target search of any
dialog: residence, gas station, farmhouse,
text: henhouse, doghouse and outhouse in
dialog: that area. Check-points go up at
dialog: 15 miles.
dialog: (to media)
dialog: You got that? Good. Now, turn
dialog: those damn things off and get out
dialog: of our way.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - NIGHT
text: ROARS... just above the treetops. Helicopter speeds up a
text: dark river. Its tracking beam illuminates the river bank.
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL ROADS - NIGHT
text: Flashing lights. Two highway patrol cars set up roadblocks.
text: The SQUAWK of police RADIOS breaks the rural quiet. A moment
text: later a HELICOPTER ROARS overhead.
scene_heading: EXT. TRACKS - NIGHT
text: Kimble moves down train tracks. His jumpsuit is wet with
text: blood from the gash. He pauses and checks the wound. He's
dialog: going to need stitches.
text: Far down the tracks he sees glow of town lights. He keeps
dialog: moving.
scene_heading: EXT. TRESTLE - DAWN
text: Kimble crosses a tressel, keeps running toward the direction
dialog: of the lights.
text: A junk yard by railroad tracks and a road. Signs along the
dialog: road show we're on the edge of town. One says: Hospital-1/2
dialog: mile.
scene_heading: ANGLE - TRACKS AND STREAM
text: Kimble runs from a streak up to the railroad tracks. As he
text: nears the junk yard and road he sees the hospital sign.
text: He's close but he can't go into the hospital in his prison
text: jumpsuit. He leans against a wrecked car and catches his
dialog: breath.
text: Just then a tow truck pulling a car on its hook, turns off
text: the road and parks next to the tracks. Kimble ducks for
text: cover behind the wrecked car.
text: The driver climbs out, dumps his coveralls in the front
text: seat and closes the door.
text: He moves toward a house across the tracks, then forgets
text: something and returns to the cab. He throws open the door
text: and grabs lunch box off the seat - and we notice the
text: coveralls missing from the seat.
text: As the driver returns to the house we MOVE TO the opposite
text: side of the car to find Kimble, ducked beneath the window,
text: clutching the coveralls.
scene_heading: EXT. CRASH SITE - DAWN
text: A crude headquarters is set up beneath a tent, near the
text: crash site. Maps are laid out on tables. Power and phone
text: lines are pulled down from the lines running along the
text: tracks. Renfro supervises the electronics.
text: Poole handles phones, takes a report from the field and
text: relays it to Gerard.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Blood trail found. Two miles
dialog: southwest.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (to Biggs)
dialog: Type it and match it against all
dialog: four prisoners.
dialog: (to Renfro)
dialog: Renfro, get an I.D. fax on Kimble to
dialog: every local hospital.
dialog: (to Newman)
dialog: Newman...
text: Newman appears.
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
dialog: Yes, sir...
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: I need some coffee.
text: As Newman steps off, everyone turns at sound of SHOUTING
text: from the train crash.
scene_heading: ANGLE - TRAIN CRASH
text: A RESCUE WORKER shouts up to others.
speaker_heading: WORKER
dialog: Hey, one's alive!
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL HOSPITAL - LOADING DOCK - MORNING
text: Loading dock outside the E.R. A WORKER stacks boxes of food
text: outside kitchen entrance. Kimble, in the tow truck
text: operator's coveralls, picks up a box and carries it inside.
text: Once inside he branches off down a hallway.
scene_heading: INT. RURAL HOSPITAL - HALLWAY - MORNING
text: A door opens on a long hallway. A DOCTOR, CHILD with a
text: bandaged hand, and a MOTHER leave a room and walk TOWARD us.
text: Behind them, Kimble moves down the hall and stops in front
text: of the doorway.
scene_heading: KIMBLE'S POV - MINOR PROCEDURES ROOM
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RURAL HOSPITAL - MINOR PROCEDURES ROOM - MORNING
text: Kimble closes the door and locks it. Hanging on the back of
text: the door we see a doctor's white coat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - MORNING
text: An Illinois State Trooper's car pulls up outside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOTH-COVERED INSTRUMENT TRAY
text: On it we see: A packaged sterilized bandage, an opened
text: antiseptic wash, an opened topical anesthetic, and an empty
dialog: syringe. We PULL BACK to find:
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
text: His wound bathed in orange antiseptic wash, three stitches
text: already in. With pair of forceps he picks up the needle as
text: he sutures himself.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL HALLWAY - LONG SHOT (MOS) - MORNING
text: At far end of the hall we see a STATE TROPER chatting with a
text: DUTY NURSE at a nurses' station.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PROCEDURE'S ROOM - MORNING
text: Kimble, his bandage already in place, gives himself a shot
dialog: of antibiotics.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - MAN'S ROOM - DAY
text: A man, tube in nose, on two I.V.s, lays in bed with eyes
text: closed. Kimble comes INTO FRAME near his face.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Can you hear me, sir?
text: No response. The man is out of it. Kimble backtracks to the
text: patient's closet and opens it. Hanging inside we see his
text: clothes. He removes them and notices the man's untouched
text: breakfast tray.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RURAL HOSPITAL - NURSES' DUTY STATION - DAY
text: The Duty Nurse and State Trooper chat when a fax begins
text: coming through on DESK FAX.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: There's your fax...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PATIENT'S BATHROOM - DAY
text: Kimble dressing in the man's clothes. He eats a piece of
text: toast - part of the man's breakfast - as he buttons up his
dialog: shirt.
scene_heading: ANGLE - PATIENT
text: His arm slowly reaches out and presses his nurses call
dialog: button.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NURSES' STATION - DAY
text: A fax photograph of Richard Kimble slowly comes off the
text: duty station FAX MACHINE. Next to the machine the
text: patient's call light comes on.
text: The Duty Nurse, standing with the Highway Trooper, sees the
text: patient's light come on and starts down the hall toward the
dialog: patient's room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PATIENT'S BATHROOM - DAY
text: Kimble shaving when we hear the DUTY NURSE ENTER the
text: patient's room. He moves OUT OF FRAME.
speaker_heading: DUTY NURSE (O.S.)
dialog: Mr. Patterson, do you need some more
dialog: water?
scene_heading: ANGLE - MAN'S EATEN BREAKFAST
text: The Duty Nurse looks from the tray to the man, impressed.
speaker_heading: DUTY NURSE
dialog: ... Oh, you did a good job on this.
text: She takes his empty plastic pitcher and...
text: ... pushes open the bathroom door - no sign of Kimble - and
text: refills the pitcher from the sink.
speaker_heading: DUTY NURSE
dialog: (over her shoulder,
dialog: to patient)
dialog: ... It does get dry in here, doesn't
dialog: it?
text: She doesn't expect an answer, turns OFF the WATER, and goes
text: into the main room. As the door closes we see Kimble behind
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Kimble, clean-shaven, and wearing the patient's glasses and
text: a doctor's white coat, moves down the hall to the emergency
text: room exit. Suddenly the State Trooper steps back from the
text: E.R. admissions desk with his newly received fax, and starts
text: down the corridor toward Kimble.
text: The Trooper looks up as the two men pass...
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: 'Scuse me, Doc?...
text: Kimble turns but continues slowly backing toward the E.R.
text: doors behind him.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: ... Don't know if you heard or not
dialog: but we're looking for an escaped
dialog: prisoner from that bus train wreck
dialog: 'couple hours ago. Thought he might
dialog: show up here if he was hurt.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: What's he look like?
text: The Trooper looks down at his fact sheet as we see a slow
text: trickle of blood from a shaving nick begin winding down
text: Kimble's cheek.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: (from fax sheet)
dialog: Approximately six one, 180 pounds,
text: brown hair, brown eyes and beard.
text: At the last second Kimble feels the drop of blood and wipes
text: it clean as the Trooper looks up.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: ... Seen anyone that fits that
dialog: description?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Every time I look in the mirror ...
text: but without the beard.
text: They laugh.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Excuse me...
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: Sure.
text: Kimble moves through the E.R. doors as an ambulance parks
dialog: outside...
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL HOSPITAL - EMERGENCY ROOM RAMP - DAY
text: Two PARAMEDICS try to take out a patient on a gurney. The
text: lead wheels are stuck.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Here...
text: Kimble helps clear the wheels so the collapsible gurney
dialog: comes free.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #2
dialog: Thanks, Doc, we had to dig him out
text: from under a train.
text: As the gurney comes out, Kimble looks right into the face
text: of the Young Guard. The Guard's eyes suddenly open wide.
speaker_heading: YOUNG GUARD
dialog: It's him... It's -
text: Kimble claps the portable oxygen mask back over the Young
text: Guard's mouth and keeps his hand there.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: How is he?
text: The Paramedics move him toward the ramp.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #1
dialog: He's pretty bad off. Broken leg,
text: ribs. Concussion.
text: As Kimble moves away...
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Tell the E.R. doctor he's also got
text: a perforated spleen.
text: He's gone... The two Paramedics share a look as they whisk
text: the Young Guard inside.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #2
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Jesus, how could he tell that from
dialog: looking at his face?
speaker_heading: ANGLE - AMBULANCE
text: Kimble climbs behind the wheel.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN CRASH SITE / OPERATIONS HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: A full communications link is in place.
dialog: Deputy marshals answer phones, work faxes, add information
text: to a situation board. Troopers bring in information. Poole
dialog: calls Gerard.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Background just came in from
dialog: Chicago.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Hit me.
text: Renfro and Poole lay out the details. The download of
text: information comes clear and fast.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: Richard David Kimble. Vascular
dialog: Surgeon. Convicted of first-degree
text: murder in the killing of his wife.
dialog: Pleaded innocent. Claimed a
dialog: one-armed -
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Let's not retry the case. Priors
dialog: and accomplices?
text: Gerard steps up the hillside out of sight of the
text: investigation to take a leak. Followed by Renfro and Poole.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: None. No previous arrests.
text: Poole takes up a position discreetly behind tree as Gerard
text: unzips his fly and relieves himself.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Sealed juvie record?
text: Poole calls out from behind tree.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Nothing. Total cherry.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Relatives? Children?
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: No relatives.
speaker_heading: POOLE
text: One child. A son. Died in drowning
dialog: accident three years ago.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Girl friends? Ex-wives? Friends?
dialog: Combinations of the above?
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Lot of friends. Doctors. Hospital
dialog: staff.
text: Gerard zips up.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Start there. Authorize taps. Cover
dialog: his lawyer first.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: Never get it.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Bet me.
dialog: Renfro won't take it.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Have Stevens go to Judge Rubin,
dialog: he'll sign 'em.
text: ... Biggs charges up the hillside.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
text: DeLange Hospital. Wounded guard
dialog: swears to High Holy he saw Kimble
text: right there in the hallway.
text: Ambulance, missing too.
scene_heading: ANGLE - SITUATION TENT
text: Gerard moves quickly to the map.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Give me a time.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
text: O-nine-thirty. Twenty minutes ago.
dialog: Gerard redraws the circle of units. No longer are we
text: covering a fifty-mile radius. The circle is redrawn,
text: tightened, with the hospital as its center. The
text: triangulation is set.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL RAILROAD CROSSING - DAY
text: The ambulance follows three cars toward a rural railroad
dialog: crossing.
speaker_heading: COP (V.O.)
dialog: ... We're waiting up here in Canton.
dialog: Wondering if you heard anything on
dialog: this Kimble chase -
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE - DAY
text: Kimble behind the wheel as he approaches the railroad
text: crossing. The biocom monitors police chatter:
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (V.O.)
dialog: Two-twelve-A, be advised that all
dialog: discussion on this matter is to be
dialog: conducted on a tactical frequency
dialog: - either Channel K or Z. Over.
text: Frequency goes dead. Kimble looks THROUGH the windshield:
speaker_heading: ROAD SIGN
text: An arrow points toward Canton, two miles.
text: The cars in front slow as the railroad crossing signal
text: suddenly activates and the bars begin to drop. Kimble pops
text: the SIREN and hurriedly snakes through the crossing and
text: heads in the opposite direction... but his maneuver gets
dialog: attention.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK CAB - DAY
text: Truck driver watches Kimble cut through the crossing and
text: reaches for his C.B. radio.
scene_heading: EXT. CRASH SITE - DAY
text: Poole hangs up phone.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Ambulance just spotted two miles
text: west of Doverville. Heading north
dialog: on State road 53.
text: Renfro turns to the map and marks it. The circle is much
dialog: smaller.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
text: Running outta map, Sam.
text: The crash site and hospital are already marked. Gerard is
dialog: ready to move.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Just the way we want it. Okay,
dialog: people, let's button up.
text: They move off to waiting State Trooper cars and helicopter.
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE - DAY
text: Kimble driving down a rural road. He flips down visor and
text: eyeballs folded roadmap...
scene_heading: EXT. SECONDARY ROAD (KENTUCKY) - DAY
text: ... The ambulance crests a hill. In the distance we see the
text: Grosvner Viaduct and the Barkley Dam.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY (KENTUCKY) - DAY
text: Blowing other traffic off the road, WHOOPING CRUISERS and
text: G-cars stream south through the rugged rural terrain of
text: Southern Illinois. Overtaking them all, a CHOPPER THUNDERS
dialog: overhead.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER
text: Heading into hilly terrain. Down below we see the ambulance.
text: Inside the helicopter Gerard eyes the terrain.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: We've got a visual...
dialog: (to Gerard)
text: He's heading toward the viaduct.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Seal it up.
scene_heading: EXT. AERIAL VIEW OF GROSVNER VIADUCT - DAY
text: The two-lane road disappears into long tunnel. Three hundred
text: feet below the road tumbles the Tennessee River.
text: The Barkley Dam rises ahead. Kimble's AMBULANCE ROARS into
dialog: the tunnel.
speaker_heading: ON KIMBLE
text: Suddenly sees the helicopter setting down ahead of him at
text: the mouth of the tunnel.
text: Kimble slams on brakes and turns to retreat.
scene_heading: ANGLE - FAR END OF TUNNEL (BEHIND HIM)
text: Illinois Highway Patrol cars pull to a stop at the far
text: entrance. Light flares. Set out road blocks.
speaker_heading: ANGLE HELICOPTER
text: Gerard steps out followed by Renfro and Poole.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE'S AMBULANCE
text: Comes to a stop, blocking traffic in both directions.
text: Immediately HORNS begin BLARING.
scene_heading: EXT. TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: Trooper pulls up. Biggs and Newman behind Kimble blocking
dialog: the other end.
text: Troopers with guns drawn block the exits. The P.A. from a
text: State patrol car blares:
speaker_heading: P.A. (V.O.)
dialog: Please remain in your vehicles and
dialog: lock your doors. Repeat, please
dialog: remain in -
scene_heading: ANGLE ON HELICOPTER
text: Poole and Renfro materialize already decked out in Kevlar.
text: They're jacked up and ready to rock. Renfro hands Gerard a
dialog: vest.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: Got him.
text: Gerard unholsters a 40 caliber, Glock model 22.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Okay, ladies and gentlemen hard
dialog: part's over.
text: He starts into the tunnel.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: (to radio)
dialog: We're movin' in.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - DAY
text: Weapons drawn, but held discreetly at their sides, three
text: silhouettes enter. Drivers who hadn't heeded the Troopers'
text: P.A. warnings take one look at Gerard and quickly climb
text: back inside and lock their doors.
text: Biggs, Renfro and Poole fan out to the sides and give the
text: middle to Gerard. The tunnel is quickly quiet.
text: Kimble huddles at mid-tunnel. He's trapped. Drops to the
text: ground beneath the truck. His heart pounding, brain
text: clicking, fighting panic. Suddenly he realizes he's in water.
text: Running water.
speaker_heading: ON MARSHALS
text: They reach the mid-tunnel area. No Kimble. Biggs looks
text: around, beneath vehicles. Gerard listens. Poole looks
dialog: confused.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Where'd he go?
text: Gerard spots the trickle of water. He backtracks it until
text: he finds a loose grate in the pavement. Man-size.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Biggs, Renfro with me.
scene_heading: INT. STORM DRAIN - FORKING CONDUIT - DAY
text: Kimble splashes blindly through ankle-deep sluice. He slows
text: at forking tunnels to catch his breath and pick a direction.
text: A DULL ROAR comes from somewhere - from everywhere. He whips
text: off his jacket and slings it down a tunnel, then continues
text: straight ahead.
text: Somewhere behind, lights probe splash-patterns on the conduit
text: wall - telltale signs of Kimble's passing. The lights belong
dialog: to...
text: Gerard, Biggs and Renfro. They push on, soon reaching the
text: forking tunnels. Renfro finds the jacket ant splash signs.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Channel Three.
text: They conform their radios. Splitting up, Biggs and Renfro go
text: left. Gerard - straight ahead.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSLOPE CONDUIT - DAY
text: Kimble. Bracing with all four limbs. Negotiating a mossy
text: downslope.
scene_heading: INT. CONDUIT - DAY
text: Biggs and Renfro. Sweeping his light as he advances.
text: Searching for splash-patterns.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: (into shoulder-mike)
dialog: Nothing yet.
scene_heading: INT. CONDUIT - DAY
text: Gerard. Probing a branch-off tunnel with his light. About to
text: pass, he notices scrapings on the mossy walls of the
dialog: branch-off tunnel. Hand marks?
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Got a possible here. Stand by.
text: He stows his light but hangs onto the Glock. Bracing with
dialog: three limbs
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSLOPE CONDUIT - DAY
text: Gerard begins the tricky descent. Slips once. Recovers.
text: Slips again...
text: ... and tumbles out of control. GUN and RADIO CLATTER AWAY.
text: Scrabbling for purchase, he finally snags An overhead pipe.
text: Gerard stabilizes. Sweeps his light to locate his Glock,
text: lying down-tunnel. He eases toward it. But another hand gets
dialog: there first.
text: It's Kimble. Face dark and desperate. Dangerous. Hand
text: flexing on the pistol. They lock eyes for a beat.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: I didn't kill my wife.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: So, you didn't kill your wife.
dialog: Not my problem.
text: An adrenal beat. For a moment they hold a look. Then the
text: silence is broken by Gerard's radio.
speaker_heading: BIGGS (V.O.)
dialog: Gerard? You there?
text: Gerard looks for his radio, then back at Kimble - he's gone.
text: Instantly Gerard reaches for his ankle - and pulls a back-up
dialog: piece.
scene_heading: INT. CONDUIT - DAY
text: As Renfro hears FOOTSTEPS POUNDING his way.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Gerard charges down the tunnel. From a side tunnel, Renfro
text: appears, almost colliding. Biggs follows...
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Straight ahead!
scene_heading: INT. CONDUIT - DAY
text: Kimble sticks Gerard's gun into his waist band to balance
text: in the tunnel. He spills around a corner and stops. Ahead
text: lies an orb of light. The tunnel ends. The NOISE is
text: incredible. Kimble moves to the end of the tunnel and
dialog: stops.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE'S POV
text: Water pours from the tunnel into the spillway of Barkley dam
text: disappearing into a veil of mist below - a great cauldron of
text: mists. No rocks. None visible at least.
text: He hears the MARSHALS behind him - COMING CLOSER.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - MARSHALS
text: Gerard and Renfro turn the corner. Renfro drops into a
text: shooting stance.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Turn around, hands over your head.
dialog: And get down on the ground.
text: For a moment Kimble eyes Gerard.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Your choice, Kimble...
text: Kimble turns his back on the Marshals, stares again at the
text: water. Slowly he puts his hands over his head. Gerard puts
text: up his gun and pulls his handcuffs. He moves through the
text: water toward Kimble.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Get down on your knees.
text: Kimble bends slowly, stares down into the falls, hears the
text: footsteps get closer, then does the unthinkable. He jumps.
scene_heading: EXT. BARKLEY DAM - DAY
text: Biggs moving to the top of the massive dam sees Kimble leap
text: into the sheet of water spilling over dam and disappear into
text: the mists below. He can't believe his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. DRAINAGE CONDUIT - DAY
text: Renfro lowers his gun.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: Son of a bitch...
dialog: It's the most amazing thing he's ever seen...
speaker_heading: ON GERARD
text: He stands at the mouth of the tunnel staring down. He
text: stares down into the mists. Impressed. It has told him
dialog: something invaluable about this fugitive.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF DAM - DAY
text: Gerard scrambles out of the tunnels to the top of the dam
text: near Biggs, just as squad cars, troopers and the search
text: helicopter converge on the site.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK - DAY
text: Far downriver a figure fights through a snag in the bend.
text: The snag - a tree branch - breaks away and heads down
text: stream. Hanging onto the branch we see Kimble.
scene_heading: EXT. BARKLEY DAM - LOWER RESERVOIR - SUNSET
text: Below the dam and spillway. Troopers in waders search the
text: shallows, deputies beat bushes along the shore.
text: Farther out we see a dredge boat slowly working the waters.
speaker_heading: FROM SHORE
text: Gerard watches the dredge cage come up again. As if with
text: the next pass it will prove him the victor. The HEAD
text: ILLINOIS TROOPER CAPTAIN approaches.
speaker_heading: HEAD TROOPER
text: Running out of daylight, Inspector.
speaker_heading: GERARD
text: Lights and generators are coming,
dialog: Captain.
speaker_heading: HEAD TROOPER
dialog: Look, I don't mean to tell you your
dialog: job, but maybe one person in a
dialog: million could've survived that fall.
dialog: The guy's fish food.
text: Gerard turns and brings his look to bear on the Captain.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Then find me the fish that ate him.
text: He turns and heads to a waiting helicopter.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - AFTERNOON
text: Kimble runs through the woods. He staggers, his arm hooks a
text: sapling which spins him to the ground. He lays motionless,
dialog: exhausted.
scene_heading: KIMBLE'S DREAM - INT. KIMBLE'S HOUSE - DAY
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Helen in bed. Kimble's hand comes INTO FRAME and touches
text: her shoulder. She turns toward Kimble as he moves INTO
text: FRAME and kisses her.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Helen tosses her head back. She wears white silk pajamas
text: and smiles down AT us. A hand reaches up and unbuttons the
text: top two buttons of her top. Then Kimble moves up INTO FRAME
dialog: as we -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: Helen running down beach TOWARD us. Embraces Kimble as we -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. POOL - DAY
text: Helen's head comes up out of a pool. Hair tossed back, she
dialog: smiles as we -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. KIMBLE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Helen exiting Kimble's car the night of the murder. She
text: looks back at Kimble, framed by the door frame, ant smiles.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Good-bye. I love you.
dialog: Again... Then again... then:
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - MORNING
text: Kimble comes out of his sleep with a start. Shivering. He
text: remembers where he is. His breathing returns to normal.
scene_heading: EXT. TRESTLE - TUNNEL - MORNING
text: Kimble moves across a river trestle and disappears into
dialog: tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. DRUG STORE - DAY
text: Kimble on pay phone in the rear of the store waits for
dialog: party
text: to answer. An old lady and her mother shop.
text: Across the store a pharmacist watches Kimble.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - PHONE
text: Kimbles watches the boys as he waits for answer. We hear
text: RINGING, then a receptionist answers:
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (V.O.)
dialog: The law offices of Gutherie, Morgan
dialog: and Wainwright.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Walter Gutherie please.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (V.O.)
dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. Gutherie has left
dialog: for the day, would you like his
dialog: voice mail?
text: Kimble hangs up and moves down an aisle, stopping in front
text: of the hair color. He takes a box of black hair dye off the
text: shelf and looks at the instructions. When he looks up he
text: sees the pharmacist looking at him.
scene_heading: EXT. SONNY'S DINER - NIGHT
text: A roadside diner. Kimble, his hair now black, and wearing a
text: new pair of Wranglers, hooded sweatshirt and a duffle coat,
text: moves down the road to the diner.
scene_heading: INT. SONNY'S DINER - NIGHT
text: Kimble enters. He sits at the counter and a sparky OLDER
text: WAITRESS, late, mid-forties, with strong good looks and
text: tough smile fills his coffee cup before he even asks.
speaker_heading: OLDER WAITRESS
dialog: Need to look at the menu?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Some soup, please.
speaker_heading: OLDER WAITRESS
dialog: Good choice.
text: She marks her pad and leaves. Sights ant sounds around
text: Kimble begins to occupy his attention:
text: A dishwasher buses a tub of dishes back to the kitchen. He
text: stares at him.
text: A farmer sitting at a table stares at Kimble, Kimble looks
text: away. A man at the pay phone seems to be staring at him. Is
text: he calling the police? Everyone seems to be looking at him.
text: Someone stops in front of him. A young waitress serves him
dialog: his soup. Where's the first waitress?
text: Takes a few sips of soup. Out of the corner of his eye he
dialog: sees:
text: The Older Waitress putting on her coat to leave. Is she
text: going to report him? He fights the paranoia.
text: A NEWS REPORT on the TELEVISION gets his attention.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - TV
text: A report on the escape. A television reporter describes the
text: chase for Kimble; his jump at the dam and his presumed death
dialog: from the fall.
text: Kimble decides it's time to leave. He drops some money on
text: the counter and exits.
scene_heading: EXT. DINER - NIGHT
text: Kimble moves across the parking lot trying not to run until
text: he's out of sight of the diner. Once free of the lights of
text: the diner he starts running and disappears into the night.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
text: Kimble running down the road. Fields stretch out on both
text: sides of the highway. Open land. From behind him we suddenly
text: hear the sound of POLICE SIRENS. For a moment Kimble moves
text: faster, then as the SIRENS COME CLOSER, his sprint drops to
text: a jog... to a walk, until finally he stops and waits for the
text: inevitable... But the flashing lights suddenly rip past him
text: chasing a speeder. They weren't after him after all. Kimble
text: looks at himself. He's shaking.
text: A moment later he is lit by headlights. A car pulls up next
text: to him, passenger window rolls down...
speaker_heading: OLDER WAITRESS
dialog: Need a ride?
text: Kimble stares at her.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Which way are you going?
text: She smiles and points in the direction her car is traveling.
text: They hold a look as we hear:
speaker_heading: RENFRO (V.O.)
dialog: We feel confident about the I.D.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAWN
text: A quiet house on a quiet street out from town. A homeless
text: woman picks through garbage. A garbage truck moves slowly
text: down the street. A plumbing truck parked along a curb. Just
text: early morning traffic.
text: We see Renfro and Newman watch the house from across the
text: street, behind a deserted house. Gerard joins them. We see
text: that Biggs is in the plumbing truck. Poole is the homeless
text: woman picking through the garbage. Newman hands Gerard a
dialog: radio.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: Local officials were about to wet
dialog: their pants to move in.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: I bet they were.
dialog: (to radio)
dialog: Where's the woman?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
speaker_heading: BIGGS
text: In the plumbing truck. He triggers his mike.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Same room.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Okay... I'll take front. Biggs and
dialog: Renfro, rear. Poole, handle support.
dialog: I don't want anyone hurt. Stay
text: outside unless called. Radios on
dialog: three.
text: The deputies prepare their weapons. Newman checks his
text: service issue .38, stares at Gerard's Glock.
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
dialog: Uh, just want me to wait here, sir?
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Hell, no. You're with me, Newman.
dialog: Let's go.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF HOUSE - DAWN
text: DOOR CRASHES open, splintering the deadbolt right out of
dialog: the door.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: U.S. Marshals. Down! Down!
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DAWN
text: Textbook perfect, Gerard and Newman rush into front room.
speaker_heading: THEIR POV
text: Down the hall a man's figure streaks across a doorway OUT
speaker_heading: OF VIEW.
text: A woman in the rear of the house BEGINS SCREAMING.
speaker_heading: GERARD
text: Motions Newman to the left to check the door off the living
text: room while he moves down the main hall into the back
dialog: bedroom.
scene_heading: ANGLE - LIVING ROOM / NEWMAN
text: Clearly unnerved by the screaming woman, Newman opens door
text: off the living room. The door opens into a smaller bedroom.
dialog: He steps into -
speaker_heading: SMALLER BEDROOM
text: It's empty. Gerard appears at the other (hallway) door to
dialog: the bedroom.
speaker_heading: HALLWAY
text: Gerard motions Newman on to the door to the bathroom and
text: continues down the hall into the back bedroom where the
text: woman continues SCREAMING. He ignores her. His feet move
text: silently, heel-to-toe. He checks the bathroom as Newman
text: opens his connecting door - empty - then moves on toward
text: the doorway to the kitchen.
text: Gerard moves to the kitchen doorway. Running out of house.
text: He braces himself swings into the kitchen - it too is empty.
text: Suddenly Gerard gets the bad feeling he's passed his prey.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SMALLER BEDROOM
text: Newman looks around, suddenly scared. The only place he
text: didn't search was behind the bedroom door. He turns just as:
speaker_heading: COPELAND
text: Surges out, knocks Newman's gun from his hand. In a flash,
text: Copeland yanks Newman's arm behind his back and presses a
text: knife against the deputy's neck and moves him out of the
dialog: room.
dialog: We...
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
speaker_heading: GERARD
text: He hears Copeland moving somewhere in the front of the house.
speaker_heading: COPELAND (O.S.)
dialog: I got your man! Now I want outta
dialog: here!
text: Gerard moves back through the bedroom past the SCREAMING
text: woman. He locks in on the voice and sound of the moving
dialog: fugitive.
scene_heading: ON COPELAND AND NEWMAN
text: Copeland listens but gets no response from Gerard. He backs
text: through the second bedroom door, pulling Newman into the -
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: Newman's eyes are pure terror - the blade pressed against
text: his throat.
speaker_heading: COPELAND
dialog: (to Gerard)
dialog: You hear me? I said, I want out or
dialog: I'll cut your man's throat!
speaker_heading: GERARD
text: Keeps moving down the hallway, through first bedroom, pauses
text: at door to the second bedroom and chooses his course.
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: Copeland positions himself between the bedroom door and the
text: hallway opening. He's troubled he can't hear Gerard.
text: Suddenly he hears a NOISE behind him at the bedroom door He
text: whips Newman around and we see:
text: A shoe hits the floor. Copeland realizes his mistake too
text: late. He turns back to the hallway and there is Gerard.
text: He never blinks. FIRES once killing Copeland instantly.
text: The knife falls to the floor. Newman clutches his head,
text: stunned but unhurt.
text: Gerard now turns to the screaming woman behind him in the
text: bedroom doorway.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Shut up.
text: She does. Immediately.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - MORNING
text: As coroners and tactical police mop up. Gerard moves across
text: the yard, sips coffee from Styrofoam cup. He stops at a
text: sheriff's car, Newman sits on back seat, shaken, nearly
text: hysterical, clutching his ear.
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
dialog: My ear... I can't hear a thing out
dialog: of it. I can't believe you did that!
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: You think I should have bargained
dialog: with him, don't you?
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
dialog: Yes. You could've missed! You
dialog: could've killed me!
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Yeah, you're absolutely right. I
dialog: could've.
text: They hold a look.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: How bad's your ear?
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
dialog: Terrible. I probably have permanent
dialog: hearing damage.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Let me see it.
text: Newman leans toward him. Gerard speaks into his ear.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: I don't bargain.
text: Gerard leaves. Newman watches him - realizing what a truly
text: unsettling man Gerard is.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO PAY PHONE - MORNING
text: Kimble makes call. While he waits for phone to be answered
text: TRAINS COME and GO in the b.g. An EL CROSSES OVERHEAD. The
text: BELLS of Chicago River DRAWBRIDGE.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Walter. It's Richard.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. LAW OFFICES OF GUTHERIE, MORGAN AND WAINWRIGHT - DAY
text: Walter Gutherie answers phone from his office overlooking
dialog: Lake Michigan.
speaker_heading: GUTHERIE
dialog: Richard... Jesus, why did you run?
dialog: Running only makes you look guilty.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: I wasn't worrying about appearances,
dialog: Walter.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GUTHERIE
dialog: Tell me where you are. I'll come
dialog: meet you so you can turn yourself
dialog: in .
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: I'm not turning myself in. I need
dialog: money.
text: Gutherie is silent. When he speaks again his speech takes on
text: the lawyerly tone of a man who's covering his own bases.
speaker_heading: GUTHERIE
dialog: Richard. You're asking me to harbor
dialog: and aid a convicted felon... I can't
dialog: help you that way. My advice - both
dialog: as a friend and as your legal counsel
dialog: - is for you to give yourself up.
dialog: Now tell me... where are you?
text: Kimble picks up the change in his attorney's tone.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: St. Louis.
speaker_heading: GUTHERIE
dialog: Give me an address. I'll be -
text: CLICK. Gutherie hears the LINE GO DEAD. Kimble's gone.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN - DAY
text: Kimble stands in the doorway with cup of coffee. He considers
text: his next move. Then seeing bank clock flash the time: 9:30 -
dialog: he knows what that move is.
scene_heading: INT. NORTH BANK TENNIS CLUB - DAY
text: An upscale mid-town tennis club. Behind glass windows of
text: the entryway we see tennis courts. From the courts comes Dr.
text: Charles Nichols still dressed in his warmups, carrying his
text: tennis bag. A friendly DESK ATTENDANT Sharon) smiles as he
text: goes by.
scene_heading: DESK ATTENDANT
dialog: See you tomorrow, Dr. Nichols?
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Creature of habit, Sharon.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTH BANK CLUB - DAY
text: Dr. Nichols leaves the club. He tosses his gym bag into the
text: back of his car and drives off.
scene_heading: INT. / EXT. NICHOLS'S CAR - DAY
text: As he pulls up to the first stoplight, a homeless man moves
text: toward the driver's side and begins washing his windshield.
text: Nichols waves the man off.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Not today, please.
text: The man shuffles off. Just then a second man appears at his
text: passenger window. He leans down to wave him away
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: No. Not -
text: ... then stops - the face at his passenger window is
dialog: Richard Kimble's.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Oh, my God... Richard...
text: Nichols rolls down the passenger window.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: How're you doing, Charlie?
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: You're alive...
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Yeah. And I need your help.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Anything.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: I need some money. Whatever you've
dialog: got on you.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Of course.
dialog: 
text: Nichols reaches into his gym bag in the backseat and digs
dialog: for his wallet...
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Tell me where you're staying. I'll
dialog: get you more money. Some clothes.
dialog: Just give me an address...
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: I'll call you.
text: Kimble glances around, the area is still clear. He looks
text: back into the car and doesn't see the police car turn the
text: corner and come up the street behind them.
text: Nichols finds his wallet ant hands all the cash he's got to
text: Kimble, who quickly pockets it.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: I know why you came back - to find
dialog: him. If I can help, call me...
dialog: Call me.
text: They hold a look. The stoplight changes to green but they
dialog: don't see it.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Thanks, Charlie...
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Here, Richard, take my coat...
text: He reaches into the back for his coat, suddenly police car
text: behind him POPS its SIREN. Nichols looks into his rearview
text: mirror. Sees a COP lean out his window.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (to Nichols)
dialog: Hey, buddy - green light. Let's go.
text: Nichols looks back at Kimble. He's gone.
scene_heading: INT. U.S. MARSHAL'S OFFICES (CHICAGO) - CLOSE ON AUDIO TAPE - DAY
text: REWINDING. The media room - just what it sounds like -
text: banks of audio/video equipment and a sound board.
text: Renfro rewinds the tape. Gerard, Biggs, Poole and Newman.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: We've alerted St. Louis P.D
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Call them back. Tell them you've
dialog: made a mistake.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (to Renfro)
dialog: Stop it there.
text: Renfro hits play. Kimble's VOICE is heard again:
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Drop the voices.
text: Renfro removes the two voices. What comes up are the
scene_heading: BACKGROUND SOUNDS. EXTERIOR NOISES (BELLS RINGING, TRAFFIC,
text: MECHANICAL... TRAINS). Everyone becomes focused to the
dialog: sounds now.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (he's heard something)
dialog: Listen.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Trains? Traffic?
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: More... there's a voice in the
dialog: background.
text: At first the sound is unrecognizable. A BELL. GRINDING
text: MECHANICAL. Then a P.A. VOICE on the tape: "Next stop
dialog: Merchandise Mart."
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: That's an El announcement.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: And there's no E1 in St. Louis.
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, Richard Kimble
dialog: is in Chicago. Poole, get his
dialog: artwork out to local police and have
dialog: C.P.D. check the shelters... Biggs,
dialog: bring in the detectives that handled
dialog: his case.
text: Instantly the room is in movement.
speaker_heading: STEVENS
dialog: I'll prepare the press release.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: No.
text: Stevens stops.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: They don't know he's alive and as
dialog: far as Kimble knows we don't either.
dialog: I want to keep it that way as long
dialog: as we can. Are we clear?
dialog: The whole group sense Gerard's intensity in regard to
dialog: Kimble.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: (for the group)
dialog: Perfectly.
text: Gerard reflects on a moment of personal satisfaction.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Noah... go to my office and let's
dialog: officially take Dr. Kimble out of
text: purgatory.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. 11TH STREET STATION - DAY
text: Morning roll call. Kimble's photo distributed to cops by
text: Detectives Kelly and Rosetti.
speaker_heading: KELLY (V.O.)
dialog: As of this morning Chicago P.D. was
text: alerted to the reappearance of
dialog: Richard Kimble.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN STATION - DAY
text: Newman and Poole check train station. Looking for Kimble.
text: They show his photo to homeless people. No help.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF COOK COW TY HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Holding a handkerchief to his face, Kimble moves through
text: arriving patients and enters Cook County Hospital.
scene_heading: INT. HOMELESS SHELTER - DAY
text: Renfro and Biggs check shelters for Kimble. They show his
dialog: I.D. to administrator. Look around.
scene_heading: INT. GERARD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The place is humming now. Detectives Kelly and Rosetti sit
text: in front of Gerard. Gerard studies Kimble's file. Renfro
dialog: sits in.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Police units have also increased
dialog: patrols around homeless shelters and
text: mass transit stations in the city.
scene_heading: EXT. LOOP EL STATION - DAY
text: Police patrol the platform looking for Kimble.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT OF COOK COUNTY HOSPITAL - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Kimble moves past security, then pockets the handkerchief and
text: turns up a hallway, blending in with the indigents and poor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UPSCALE DOCTOR'S OFFICE - DAY
text: NURSE FLYNN, a woman about 45, attractive, smart, loyal.
text: Poole and Gerard talk to her in an examination room.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: I ran his office for twelve years.
dialog: Yes, we were very close. But he
dialog: wouldn't come to me for help.
scene_heading: INT. COOK COUNTY HOSPITAL - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Busy with doctors, orderlies and street people. Kimble moves
text: down hallway and enters.
scene_heading: INT. PROSTHETIC CLINIC - WAITING ROOM - DAY
text: He moves into the room and takes a new patient form, looks
text: around. SEE BACK INTO the office area of the clinic. It
dialog: could be any hospital clinic from this view.
text: But as Kimble turns to leave we see a PATIENT waiting to be
text: called. On his lap we see a prosthetic arm. Kimble looks up
text: from the arm to the man.
speaker_heading: PATIENT
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Good morning.
text: As he turns to leave we hear:
speaker_heading: ROBERTS (V.O.)
dialog: Don't underestimate this guy...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY MEDICAL CENTER - SURGEONS' LOCKER ROOM - DAY
text: Dr. Roberts from the party, talks to Biggs and Gerard as he
text: takes off scrubs to get into shower.
speaker_heading: ROBERTS
dialog: R.K.'s one smart, cold sonofabitch...
dialog: He did her, no question.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COOK COUNTY HOSPITAL - BASEMENT - DAY
text: Kimble moves down the hallway containing the janitor's
text: locker room. Janitors move in and out the door.
scene_heading: INT. KIMBLE'S OLD HOUSE - DAY
text: Gerard walks through Kimble's house. The art and most of
text: the furniture is gone. Books are in boxes and shopping
text: bags around the room. Plastic covers the remaining pieces
dialog: of furniture.
text: Gerard stares at the empty walls. Shadows on the walls show
text: where the art once hung. Gerard pauses, tries to absorb the
text: place. He takes a book from one of the bags and looks at it.
scene_heading: INT. COOK COUNTY HOSPITAL - JANITOR'S ROOM - DAY
text: Kimble moves past the lockers, racks and boxes of cleaning
text: supplies, stops at a board listing work schedules, vacation
text: leaves, locker numbers. Behind him a LOCKER SLAMS. As a
text: janitor moves off to the showers we see his locker did not
text: close but remains slightly ajar from the impact.
scene_heading: INT. JANITOR'S LOCKER ROOM - CLOSE ON LOCKER - DAY
text: Door opens revealing the janitor's clip on I.D. hanging
text: from a green shirt. Kimble steals it.
scene_heading: INT. GERARD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Gerard looks at the two detectives.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Gentlemen, I appreciate the
dialog: cooperation of the Chicago police...
text: He moves toward them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLOTHING STORE - DAY
text: A SALESMAN stands on ladder looking through pants sizes.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Did you say, 38/34?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: No. 34/34.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SALES COUNTER
text: WHAP. A folded pair of green janitor's pants drops onto the
text: counter in front of Kimble. He already has the green shirt
dialog: to the uniform.
scene_heading: INT. SELF-SERVE PHOTO BOOTH - CLOSE ON RICHARD KIMBLE - DAY
dialog: Photographed.
scene_heading: ANGLE - SIDE OF THE BOOTH
text: Kimble takes the finished photos from the delivery tray.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. U.S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: Was there anything in your initial
dialog: investigation that would make you
dialog: think Kimble would come back to
dialog: Chicago.
speaker_heading: ROSSETTI
dialog: The man definitely has friends here.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: What about lady friends?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Not that we found.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SALVATION ARMY STORE - CLOSE ON APARTMENT NOTICE - DAY
text: A card on a community bulletin board advertises a basement
dialog: apartment for rent.
speaker_heading: BIGGS (V.O.)
dialog: What about the man he claimed
dialog: attacked his wife?
text: Kimble pulls the notice from the board as we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. U.S. MARSHALS' OFFICE - DAY
text: Kelly and Rossetti share a look, a smile.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Right... You ever been downwind of a
dialog: stockyard when the breeze is
dialog: blowing? That's where we were
dialog: sitting when Richard Kimble told that
dialog: one...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. POLISH LADY'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Kimble knocks at door. It is opened to reveal a PUNK KID,
text: 18-20. He calls to someone O.S.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLISH WOMAN'S BASEMENT - DAY
text: A light comes on and an OLD POLISH WOMAN, her stockings
text: rolled down her shins, leads the way down the basement
text: stairs. The Punk Kid stands at the top of the stairs,
text: watches Kimble.
speaker_heading: ROSETTI (V.O.)
dialog: We found nothing.
text: The Polish woman shows him a spare but sufficient bed and
text: nightstand set up. She points to door leading up to the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLICE WOMAN'S BASEMENT - AFTERNOON
text: Kimble also at work at the bedside table. He carefully cuts
text: out his do-it-yourself photograph and places it over the
text: existing photograph on the hospital I.D. The name on the
text: I.D. says: Desmondo Jose Ruiz. Then he places a thin piece
text: of lamination plastic and trims the edges.
text: Kimble defaces the plastic to give it rough look, then
dialog: examines the finished product not bad.
scene_heading: INT. MARSHALS' OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: KELLY (O.S.)
dialog: If this guy existed believe me
dialog: someone would've found him.
speaker_heading: ON GERARD
text: He raises an eyebrow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. NICHOLS' OFFICE - CLOSE ON FRAMED PHOTOGRAPH - DAY
text: Of medical residents. Two photographs next to each other. A
text: young Richard Kimble and Charles Nichols.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS (O.S.)
dialog: Richard Kimble... I saw him two
dialog: days ago.
text: WE PULL BACK to see: Gerard studying the photos. Renfro
text: looks up like someone's bitten him. He, Biggs and Gerard are
text: in Nichols' administrative office. Gleaming. Filled with
dialog: awards and photos of Nichols and influential people. Nichols
text: hangs up his lab coat and slips back into his suitcoat. He
text: shows no sign of nervousness.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: He stopped me in my car. I gave him
dialog: some money.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Where was this?
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Outside our tennis -
dialog: (correcting himself)
dialog: - my tennis club.
text: Gerard moves around Nichols' office taking in the details.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Did he ask you for help?
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: I volunteered. He wouldn't accept
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Why do you think he came back to
dialog: Chicago?
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: He didn't tell me.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: I didn't ask you that, sir. I'm sure
dialog: he was trying to protect you from
dialog: having to lie for him.
text: Gerard continues to move around the room, study prints,
dialog: books, drawings, awards and photos.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: If you're really his friend, you'll
dialog: help us bring him in unharmed.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Why, so he can go back to prison?
dialog: If you want help, gentlemen, you've
dialog: come to the wrong man.
text: Gerard finds a photo of Nichols and a gleaming Ferrari.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Dr. Nichols, last year the U.S.
dialog: Marshals' office closed out 11,003
dialog: warrants... 10,975 of those were
dialog: captured. The twenty-eight others
dialog: thought they were smarter than
dialog: us... Now they're dead.
dialog: (re: the photo)
dialog: Nice car.
text: Gerard puts the photo down.
scene_heading: EXT. NICHOLS' OFFICE - DAY
text: Gerard and his deputies leave Nichols' outer office.
text: Gerard clearly feels he's come to the right man.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Stay on him.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Kimble mopping the trauma room hallway. The hallway elbows
text: around a corner and Kimble stands less than ten feet from
text: a door that is marked: "PROSTHETIC CLINIC"
text: He watches a technician leave the clinic and mops closer to
text: the doorway, and fails to see an attractive WOMAN DOCTOR
text: with white coat and stethoscope draped around her neck turn
text: the corner behind him ant step on the freshly mopped
dialog: section.
text: Head down, she is completely absorbed in a file and doesn't
text: see the wet floor until she slips slightly, looks up but
text: keeps walking.
speaker_heading: WOMAN DOCTOR
dialog: Where's Rudy?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: They said he's sick.
speaker_heading: WOMAN DOCTOR
dialog: Didn't they tell you to put up the
dialog: sign?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Uhhh. No they didn't.
speaker_heading: WOMAN DOCTOR
dialog: Put up the 'wet floor' sign before
text: someone gets hurt.
text: She keeps going.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: (mumbles)
dialog: Asshole.
text: She looks back at Kimble.
speaker_heading: WOMAN DOCTOR
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Nothing.
text: Anne keeps moving off toward trauma hall. He watches her
text: turn the corner to the trauma hallway.
scene_heading: INT. PROSTHETIC CLINIC - NIGHT
text: Kimble enters the dimly lit prosthetics lab.
text: He moves silently among the casts and prosthetics of arms,
text: hands, legs hanging from the ceiling. Cables and electronic
text: equipment are on the counters.
text: He leaves the lab and moves into the office section of the
text: Prosthetic Clinic. He passes a computer room and finally
text: reaches the office. He is about to enter when a woman's
text: voice stops him.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, Ricky... Weren't you just in
dialog: here?
text: Kimble turns to see a PROSTHETIC TECHNICIAN. A large woman
text: with glasses. She stands with a partially finished
text: prosthetic arm.
scene_heading: MEMORY HIT - INT. KIMBLE'S OLD HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The one-armed man's arm coming off in the fight.
scene_heading: INT. PROSTHETIC CLINIC (BACK TO PRESENT)
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Sorry, I thought you were Ricky.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: (stumbling)
dialog: No... I've got to clean the blinds
dialog: in the office. Want me to wait till
dialog: you're finished?
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Naw... I'm going to be here all
dialog: night. You won't bother me.
text: She slips on a pair of headphones and goes back to work.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PROSTHETIC CLINIC OFFICE - LATER
text: Kimble cleaning the blinds, keeps an eye on the Technician
text: who is listening to music on her Walkman. She is carefully
text: painting a section of the arm. Not watching Kimble.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ON FILE DRAWER
dialog: Opened.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Nimble looks over his shoulder. The Technician doesn't see
dialog: him.
text: A Prosthetic Clinic Operations Manual is removed from shelf.
text: Photographs of prosthetic arms. Kimble shifts the materials
text: into his clothes, closes his coat and suddenly he stops.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - ANGLE ON ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: Kimble waits for the elevator. The folders in his uniform
text: shift and he tries to rearrange them. When he turns back
text: we see Anne Eastman beside him. Her I.D. says:
text: "ANNE EASTMAN". She sees him doing the rearranging.
text: The elevator arrives. They step into:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: Anne moves to the back. Kimble on the other side.
speaker_heading: ANNE (WOMAN DOCTOR)
dialog: Hey, how're you doing?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You find that sign?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Yes, I did.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You called me an asshole.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Excuse me. I was having a bad
dialog: shift.
text: They laugh. They reach ground level and step out together.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You worked at other hospitals?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Lots of them over the years. Here,
dialog: long ago. Hasn't changed much.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I bet it hasn't. See you.
text: They part ways. Kimble continues out the door. Anne stops
text: and watches him leave.
scene_heading: INT. EL TRAIN - NIGHT
text: Kimble sits on the night train going home. He begins looking
dialog: at his information.
scene_heading: INT. KIMBLE'S BASEMENT ROOM - DAY
text: Afternoon light comes in Kimble's basement windows. Sheets
text: of Prosthetic Clinic patient material are spread over
text: Kimble's bed, floor. Kimble searches through the documents,
text: making notes. He studies photos of attachments. Cable
text: attachments. Joints. Electronics. Pins. straps... looking
text: for a key to the identity of the one-armed man.
text: Finally he stops. He finds the flyer in his pocket, puts it
text: on the bedside table and moves to sink. He wets a towel and
text: covers his face.
text: Draws a cool damp breath. Lays back on bed amid the
dialog: Prosthetic Clinic material.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - FIGHT
text: Kimble pulls the arm. It separates in the one-armed man's
text: sleeve. Wrenches. Dis-articulates.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - ONE-ARMED MAN
text: Reacts in pain. Again. (NOTE: We sense Kimble's mind
text: returning to something. Getting closer to the key...)
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - ONE-ARMED MAN
text: Escaping the bedroom. We hear his FOOTSTEPS DOWN the
text: STAIRS... a DOOR SLAM. FOOTSTEPS again.
text: Another DOOR SLAMS, but this time the sound is distinctly
dialog: different... a CAR DOOR.
scene_heading: INT. KIMBLE'S BASEMENT ROOM (BACK TO PRESENT)
text: Kimble yanks the wet rag from his face, his senses alert.
text: Listening, he hears: FOOTSTEPS are real, just outside and
text: MOVING TOWARD him.
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT HOUSE - DAY
text: A car door slams. We see unmarked police cars pulling up in
text: front of the apartment. Cops are moving toward the house.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - DAY
text: Kimble turns off his light, moves from the bed to the window.
text: Carefully looks out:
speaker_heading: KIMBLE'S POV
text: Unmarked police cars in front of the house, looking, moving
dialog: his way.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Kimble moves instinctively to the back door.
text: He starts to open it but through the dirty window, he sees
text: the back courtyard covered by more cops.
text: Kimble moves back toward the front. Unsure of his next move,
text: he's sweating, preparing for the worst.
text: He watches the TAC team charge the house but instead of
text: charging through the basement door they move up the front
text: steps and into the house overhead.
text: Overhead he hears the SCREAMING from the arresting cops.
scene_heading: KIMBLE'S POV - BACK STEPS
text: Kimble SEES the Punk Kid try to escape out the back. He
text: runs, sees cops and runs toward Kimble's basement door,
text: actually reaching it before he is caught by the cops and
dialog: pulled away.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
text: Moves toward the front window and watches cops lead the
text: Punk Kid out to the car.
text: POLICE RADIOS call the other cops to stand down.
text: Kimble moves slowly to his front door. Looks out.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE'S POV
text: Cops put the young man into an unmarked police car. His
text: grandmother, the Polish woman, follows them, crying.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Kimble leans against the wall, exhausted.
scene_heading: INT. COOK COUNTY HOSPITAL - TRAUMA HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Kimble carries his cleaning tray down busy hallway just
text: outside of the Prosthetic Clinic and stops.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE'S POV
text: Two cops talk outside the Prosthetic Clinic.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Kimble backs to a safe place in the trauma hallway to wait
dialog: for them to leave.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. 11TH STREET POLICE DISTRICT HOUSE - DETECTIVES ROOM - NIGHT
text: The Punk Kid is handcuffed to a bench as a cop works on a
text: report. Suddenly the Kid notices something that gets his
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: KID'S POV
text: A wanted poster of Kimble over the cop's head.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: The Kid sees - Wanted for Murder - realizes who it is.
speaker_heading: PUNK KID
dialog: (to cop)
dialog: Hey. Hey! I know that guy!
text: The cop looks up, sees Kimble's poster and then back at the
dialog: Kid.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TRAUMA HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Kimble moves toward prosthetic clinic. In passing through
text: the trauma hallway he becomes aware of a crisis developing.
text: A major accident has happened, victims are being brought in.
text: The P.A. CALLS for doctors. STATIC.
text: ANGLE ON FAR END OF TRAUMA HALLWAY
text: Elevator doors open as orderlies bring in new patients.
text: Some walk, some are helped by family and police. Nurses
dialog: direct traffic.
text: Orders fly. Medicines are called. Family members yell for
text: doctors. Ask for the injured. Anne picks up the pace with
text: an ORDERLY wheeling a gurney carrying a young patient,
text: a BOY.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
text: A bus flipped off the overpass. Got
text: at least twenty more coming in.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: What about this one here?
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
text: Fractured sternum. X-ray's coming
dialog: up.
text: Anne checks the boy's chart.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Okay, we've got to get some room
dialog: in this hallway, people.
text: Orderlies quickly move the non-life-threatening patients out
text: of the hall. Still more help is needed. Anne spots Kimble.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Hey, take this one up the hall to
dialog: Critical Care.
text: Kimble nods. Anne moves to another patient.
text: Kimble grabs the kid's gurney and begins wheeling it up the
text: hall. As he pushes he looks at the kid's X-rays.
text: Anne looks up, barks another order, then suddenly sees Kimble
text: pushing the gurney and looking at the film.
speaker_heading: ANNE
text: Tries to negotiate through the incoming patients to get a
text: better look, but Kimble is gone. She goes back to work.
speaker_heading: ON KIMBLE
text: He wheels the Boy's gurney into an elevator. The doors
dialog: close.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - O.R. CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Kimble wheels the gurney down the hall and stops the Boy
text: on the scrub threshold to the O.R. and stops a SURGEON.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Hey. Hey!
text: A Surgeon pauses and eyes Kimble's janitor suit and the
dialog: gurney.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: They just sent this one up.
text: He takes a look at the Boy's chart and grabs the X-rays and
text: yells to O.R. nurse.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: Bob! Get this one into room four,
dialog: stat.
text: He looks up, Kimble is gone.
scene_heading: INT. PROSTHETIC CLINIC - COMPUTER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kimble enters the Prosthetic Clinic computer room. The
text: Technician from the day before is listening to her Walkman,
text: sees Kimble and waves. Kimble waves back and turns into the
text: glass-walled computer room and closes the door.
text: He closes the blinds and turns on the computer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CRITICAL CARE UNIT - NIGHT
text: The crisis has wound down. Anne moves into the room and
text: begins checking patients. She stops a unit nurse, GLADYS.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Gladys, where's the boy I sent down
dialog: with the janitor?
speaker_heading: GLADYS
dialog: What boy?
speaker_heading: ANNE
text: The one with the fractured sternum.
speaker_heading: GLADYS
dialog: He never came in here.
scene_heading: INT. PROSTHETIC CLINIC - COMPUTER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kimble scans DOS files, each an eight-letter enigma. Finds
text: one with promise and loads it up.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Wrong...
text: He backs up and tries another file.
scene_heading: "CLIENT DEMOGRAPHIC ORGANIZER SEARCH BY: AGE, SEX, RACE,
dialog: LIMB, OR OTHER?"
dialog: Kimble knows he's got it.
scene_heading: INT. PROSTHETIC CLINIC - COMPUTER ROOM - CLOSE ON SCREEN - NIGHT
dialog: Kimble keys in these responses:
speaker_heading: "SEX: MALE"
speaker_heading: AGE: 35-50
speaker_heading: RACE: CAUCASIAN
speaker_heading: LIMB: RIGHT ARM
scene_heading: OTHER: POINT OF REPLACEMENT: MID HUMERUS"
scene_heading: INT. OPERATING ROOM WING - NIGHT
text: Anne comes out of the stairwell and stops the Surgeon we
dialog: saw with Kimble.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Dave, did you see a janitor come up
dialog: here earlier?
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: Yeah, he brought a kid up.
dialog: (handing her the chart)
dialog: Anne, did you write the orders? I
dialog: couldn't make out the signature...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I saw -
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: (in a hurry now)
dialog: Whoever did knew what the hell he
dialog: was doing. Kid's a hair away from
text: a ruptured aorta.
text: He heads to the operating room, leaving her stunned. She
text: stares at the scrawled orders.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PROSTHETIC CLINIC - COMPUTER ROOM - CLOSE ON SCREEN - NIGHT
text: A "PLEASE WAIT" message appears on the screen. We hear the
text: COMPUTER PROCESSING, searching, narrowing.
text: The screen flashes:
scene_heading: "NUMBER OF POSSIBLE CANDIDATES: 75
dialog: DO YOU WISH TO SUBDIVIDE?"
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Seventy-five. Hell, yes.
text: Kimble types in another defining characteristic...
dialog: Residence: Illinois.
text: Again he waits. Rattles the blinds to make it seem like he's
text: cleaning. The list shortens.
scene_heading: "NUMBER OF POSSIBLE CANDIDATES: 21"
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: What else?
scene_heading: MEMORY HIT - INT. CHICAGO COURTROOM - DAY
text: Prosecutor stands before the jury.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: ... murdering Helen Wills Kimble the night of January 20...
scene_heading: INT. PROSTHETIC CLINIC - COMPUTER ROOM - CLOSE ON SCREEN - NIGHT
dialog: Kimble types in: "Candidates having adjustment appointments
dialog: between January 21, and February 1, 1993."
text: Kimble waits. Sixty-five names come up. Again too many.
text: Kimble's reached a dead end.
dialog: Kimble thinks.
scene_heading: MEMORY HIT - INT. KIMBLE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The fight with the One-Armed Man.
scene_heading: INT. PROSTHETIC CLINIC - BACK TO SCENE ON KIMBLE
text: Something has clicked in his memory.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PROSTHETIC CLINIC - PROSTHETIC STORAGE ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kimble stands beneath the hanging artificial limbs. He
text: takes down an arm, works the joint.
scene_heading: MEMORY HIT - INT. KIMBLE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Kimble fights the One-Armed Man. He wrenches the man's
text: prosthetic arm.
scene_heading: INT. PROSTHETIC CLINIC - PROSTHETIC STORAGE ROOM - CLOSER ON ARM
text: He moves it again. Harder, at an awkward angle.
scene_heading: MEMORY HIT - INT. KIMBLE'S BEDROOM - TIGHTER ON ONE-ARMED MAN'S
speaker_heading: ARM - NIGHT
text: Kimble wrenches the arm...
scene_heading: INT. PROSTHETIC STORAGE ROOM - CLOSE ON ARM
dialog: The joint strains.
scene_heading: MEMORY HIT - INT. KIMBLE'S BEDROOM - CLOSE ON ONE-ARMED MAN'S ARM
text: Kimble wrenches it and it BREAKS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PROSTHETIC OFFICE - CLOSE ON PROSTHETIC MANUAL - NIGHT
text: A detailed diagram of arm construction.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Kimble makes notes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: Anne rides the elevator back to trauma. She's thinking.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PROSTHETIC CLINIC - CLOSE ON COMPUTER SCREEN - NIGHT
dialog: Joint repair list between January 21-April 21... Five names
dialog: come up with Greater Chicago addresses.
text: Kimble hits print. The MACHINE begins PRINTING. Kimble
text: looks up at the Prosthetic Clinic Technician - she is
text: listening to her headphones, can't hear the printer. He
text: continues to shake the blinds.
scene_heading: EXT. PROSTHETIC CLINIC/TRAUMA HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Kimble leaves Prosthetic Clinic and starts down the hall
text: for the exit when a voice stops him.
speaker_heading: ANNE (O.S.)
dialog: Do you have a particular interest in
dialog: our patients' x-rays?
text: Kimble turns to see Anne coming toward him.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I saw you looking at that boy's
text: chest film.
text: She moves in on him. He eyes the exit.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: It's a hobby of mine -
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: What other hobbies do you have?
dialog: Brain surgery?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: What do you want?
text: She reaches him.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I want to know how that kid ended
text: up in surgery.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: I'm a janitor. I did what I was
dialog: told.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Bullshit. Who changed those orders?
text: They hold a look. She knows. He takes a step back and she
dialog: pulls his I.D.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You stand right here. I'm calling
dialog: security.
text: Kimble runs. Anne turns to call security but doesn't.
text: She stares after Kimble.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLISH WOMAN'S BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: Kimble's room being searched by the marshals. Gerard finds
text: the flyer Kimble was handed on his way out the door. On it
text: we see: COOK COUNTY HOSPITAL.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COOK COUNTY HOSPITAL - CLOSE ON KIMBLE'S I.D. - DAY
text: Anne and Gerard stand in the hallway. Gerard studies the I.D.
speaker_heading: GERARD
text: A man posing as a janitor orders an
dialog: emergency operation and all you do
dialog: is pull his I.D.?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: A little boy's alive today because
dialog: he did something.
text: Gerard watches her eyes carefully.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: So, you weren't aware that when he
dialog: escaped he was being transported to
dialog: Menard State Prison to begin a term
dialog: of life imprisonment.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: For murdering his wife.
text: Clearly this is news to Anne. Gerard almost smiles at her
dialog: surprise.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Thank you for your help, Doctor.
text: He moves to the position Anne saw Kimble with the kid's
text: gurney. Trying to imagine what Kimble was doing at that
text: place. Renfro and the other deputies converge.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: What I can't figure is, if you were
dialog: Kimble, why'd you take a major
dialog: league chance of hanging around a
dialog: trauma ward?
text: Gerard considers this as a Man passes him. Gerard notices
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: The place would be crawling with cops.
text: Slowly Gerard separates from the group of deputies and
text: follows the Man down the hall.
text: The Man Gerard is following turns the corner to the
text: Prosthetic hallway and realizing Gerard is following him,
text: holds the hallway door open for Gerard.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Can I help you find something?
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Thank you, sir, I think you already
dialog: have.
text: We see the Man has a prosthetic arm and that they are outside
text: the door marked: "PROSTHETIC CLINIC"
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - MORNING
text: Restaurant deserted at this hour. Kimble makes calls.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Yes... This is Dr. Elway at Cook
dialog: County. I'm doing follow-up work for
dialog: the Prosthetic Clinic on Matthew
dialog: Zelick...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He did... I'm terribly sorry. No,
dialog: I'll correct our files. Thank you.
text: He scratches through another name. Three left. He dials
dialog: another number.
scene_heading: INT. PROSTHETIC CLINIC - MORNING
text: Gerard and his deputies inside the Prosthetic Clinic.
text: Artificial limbs are being tested, fitted. A technician
text: fits a demonstration model on Biggs while Gerard and Poole
dialog: work with the director of the institute and a data operator
text: at the computer.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: The onearmed man. Missing the right or left hand?
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Right.
text: The operator enters that information. Dropping the number to
text: 250... as Poole continues.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: ... age 35-45...
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - DAY
text: Kimble on phone. He hangs up and scratches through another
text: name. Two left. He dials another number.
scene_heading: INT. PROSTHETIC CLINIC - DAY
text: Poole looks up from her file to the computer screen. The
text: number drops to 117...
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Location of the attachment.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: (from the report)
text: Mid-humerus.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - CLOSE ON KIMBLE'S LIST - DAY
text: The next name is "Clive Driscoll." Kimble on phone, waits
dialog: for answer.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE (O.S.)
dialog: Hello... looking for your brother,
dialog: Clive. This is Ted Riley with the
dialog: high school reunion committee.
dialog: Believe it or not, 25 years is just
text: around the corner, and Clive's on
dialog: our list of lost souls. Information
dialog: gave me a number, but when I tried
dialog: it...
text: WIDER to reveal Kimble on the pay phone. The scrap of paper
dialog: is his list-of-five.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: No kidding?... Armed robbery.
dialog: (forced laughter)
dialog: He's where?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMPUTER ROOM - DAY
text: Gerard looks at the screen. The number drops to 20.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: It could take us a week to track
dialog: down every one of those names.
text: Gerard picks up phone and dials a number.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Stevens... I've got a list of names
dialog: I want searched for criminal history.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FEDERAL LOCKUP - DAY
text: Kimble stands on a sidewalk, staring at the imposing edifice
text: across the street. After a here-we-go breath, he starts
dialog: through traffic.
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL LOCKUP - LOBBY - DAY
text: Kimble waits for an elevator. It opens to reveal a pack of
text: staring COPS.
speaker_heading: ELEVATOR COP
dialog: (catching door)
dialog: Comin' or not?
text: Forcing his feet to move, Kimble boards...
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL LOCKUP - ELEVATOR - DAY
text: ... and pivots quickly. Elevator rises. Floor-indicator moves
text: deathly slow.
text: Kimble feels the breath of a dozen COPS on his neck. And just
text: when his floor is mercifully about to arrive...
text: Overhead lights flicker, and the elevator jars to a stop
dialog: between floors.
speaker_heading: COPS
dialog: Aw, shit... Not now... Anybody
dialog: bring a deck of cards?
text: Abruptly they're moving again. Kimble's heart restarts with
dialog: the elevator.
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL LOCKUP - VISITATION AREA - DAY
speaker_heading: CLEARING OFFICER
dialog: (to visitor)
text: Booth Three. No hands on the glass.
dialog: Five minutes maximum. Be advised that
dialog: under a Federal court ruling your
text: conversation can be recorded. Next.
text: "Next" is Kimble. He steps to the counter.
speaker_heading: CLEARING OFFICER
dialog: Name of inmate?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Clive Driscoll.
text: The Clearing Officer spins his clipboard around.
speaker_heading: CLEARING OFFICER
dialog: Sign here, print your name, address,
dialog: and relationship to inmate below.
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: Two-zero-ten. Driscoll, Clive R.
dialog: (to Kimble)
dialog: Be about five minutes. You can wait
text: in the hall.
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL LOCKUP - MAIN LOBBY - DAY
text: Gerard and Biggs cross the lobby and stop in front of the
text: desk; flash their U.S. Marshal's ID.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (to clerk)
dialog: We need to see a prisoner.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: Fifth floor.
text: Gerard and Biggs head for the bank of elevators.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: It's hinky. Man risks everything to
dialog: find a man his own investigators
dialog: say doesn't exist. Something's really
dialog: hinky about this thing.
text: Gerard looks at Biggs as they reach the elevators.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: I hate that word.
text: He hits the up button.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL LOCKUP - VISITATION AREA - DAY
text: Clearing Officer looks down the hall.
speaker_heading: CLEARING OFFICER
dialog: Visitor for Driscoll...?
text: Kimble is on his feet.
speaker_heading: CLEARING OFFICER
dialog: Booth seven. No hands on the glass. Be advised...
text: The Clearing Officer, head down, drones on - doesn't notice
text: Kimble is already gone.
text: Kimble strides down the row of chairs, rounds the last
text: partition to reach booth seven - and to stare at the
text: one-armed man, DRISCOLL, who waits there.
speaker_heading: DRISCOLL
dialog: So who are you?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MEMORY HIT - FACE OF HELEN'S KILLER
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Driscoll's face is different. Driscoll is a black man.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Sorry. I made a mistake.
speaker_heading: DRISCOLL
dialog: Shit, that's okay. Stick around a
dialog: few minutes, talk about whatever you
dialog: want...
text: But Kimble is gone. Driscoll calls after him.
speaker_heading: DRISCOLL
dialog: ... They're not exactly wired for
dialog: cable downstairs, y'know?
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL LOCKUP - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Kimble exits the visitor's area. He sees another crowd of
text: COPS around the elevator again, opts for the door marked:
speaker_heading: "STAIRS"
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL LOCKUP - LOBBY - DAY
text: Biggs and Gerard wait for the elevator. Finally Gerard's
dialog: had enough.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Where're the damn stairs?
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: It's five flights!
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Then you wait.
text: He finds the door and starts up.
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL LOCKUP - STAIRWELL - DAY
text: Kimble descending. Doors open and close throughout the
text: stairwell but the traffic is light...
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
speaker_heading: GERARD
text: Climbing the stairs. He reaches a landing - and skims
text: shoulders with Kimble, who pivots past on his way down.
text: Amazingly, neither man reacts. Not yet.
text: One flight above, Gerard's subconscious taps him on the
text: shoulder and brings him to a dead stop. He leans over the
dialog: stairwell railing to spy...
text: Kimble spiraling downward. From this vantage, it could be
dialog: any dark-haired man. But still...
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (a quick probe)
dialog: Kimble.
text: Others look up out of curiosity... but not Kimble. Two
text: landings below, he falters a step, then tries to regain
text: his step, keeps moving.
text: But Gerard is pulling his Glock: The hitch in Kimble's
dialog: stride told him everything.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Kimble!
text: Kimble blitzes down the stairs. Gerard moves after him.
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL LOCKUP - LOBBY - DAY
text: Kimble throws open a fire door and starts across the lobby.
text: Sees two cops, quickly approaches.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Officers - there's a man in the
text: stairwell waving a gun and
text: screaming.
text: The two cops rush to stairs and Kimble immediately moves
text: toward the doors, fast but not running. Hoping to cloak
dialog: himself in civilians.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ELEVATORS
text: Biggs' elevator has finally arrived and emptied. He lets a
text: woman on in front of him, oblivious to...
dialog: Kimble moving...
text: The revolving exit doors loom nearer ant nearer.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - DAY
text: The two cops see Gerard. Gerard holds up his badge.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: U.S. Marshal! Get on the phone, call
dialog: your commander, tell him there's a
text: top-fifteen warrant in the building.
dialog: Go.
text: He shoves the cops out of the way and pounds downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - DAY
text: Kimble closing in on the door when suddenly a KLAXON HORN
dialog: sounds.
text: People stop in confusion. Automatically, the exit doors
text: begin closing. Biggs pushes his way off the elevator.
text: Kimble breaks into a sprint for the door.
speaker_heading: GERARD
text: Bursts out the stairwell door after Kimble.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Kimble. Stop!
dialog: But there's only one way of stopping Kimble.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
text: Enters the revolving doors as a big man enters from the
text: outside. The big man sizes up the situation, realizes Kimble
text: is fleeing and just before Kimble exits - yanks on the door
text: - trapping him partially inside the revolving door.
text: Other doors seal electronically. Biggs charges back, sees
dialog: Gerard.
text: Kimble fights the heavy glass door. The big man resists -
text: but slowly the crack widens. Gerard bulls through the crowd,
text: shoves a man out of his line of fire.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Down. down. everybody down!
text: With adrenal effort, Kimble wrings his body through the
dialog: opening...
scene_heading: EXT. FEDERAL LOCKUP - DAY
text: ... and makes it outside - except for his foot - caught like
text: in a bear trap, as the door locks down. Harrowed, Kimble looks
text: back over his shoulder at...
text: Gerard. Charging the glass doors. Civilians suck marble and
text: clear out of Gerard's line of fire on Kimble. Gerard takes aim.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Kimble. Stop!
text: It's Kimble's nightmare coming true. If he could chew off his
text: leg right now, he would. He pulls at his foot just as
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL LOCKUP - DAY
text: Gerard FIRES seven times in two seconds.
text: Kimble goes down. SHOTS and SCREAMS ECHO around the lobby. A
text: long beat, then Gerard rises. THROUGH GLASS studded with
text: bullet holes, he sees...
text: Kimble rising... staring back. Equally astounded that he's
text: alive. He runs free.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Open the doors!
text: Gerard pounds against the doors. Sees cratering in the
text: glass - and then sees flattened slugs all over the floor.
text: It's bullet-proof glass. THROUGH the glass he sees Kimble
text: rush across the street and disappear into the parade.
text: Doors open and Gerard and his men follow.
text: But Kimble has disappeared into the parade celebrations
text: outside. Blending in with the marchers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - MORNING
text: Kimble leaves a cheap hotel early the next morning. He wears
text: a new set of clothes - jeans, sport coat and tie - than the
text: day before, and the black hair coloring has been rinsed from
text: his hair. He moves down the street.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - MORNING
text: Kimble uses a pay phone and stares through the window.
scene_heading: KIMBLE'S POV - APARTMENT HOUSE
text: Across the street.
scene_heading: INT. SYKES' APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Inside the apartment the PHONE RINGS. No one is home.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - MORNING
text: The PHONE RINGS nine, ten times. As Kimble waits he looks
text: down at his list of five. The only name remaining is
dialog: Fredrick Sykes.
text: He looks down the street - it seems clear - then his focus
text: shifts to a man carrying two coffees. He approaches a car
text: parked along the curb. The passenger - a woman - leans
text: across the seat and opens the door for him.
text: He hands her a cup of coffee and as he starts to climb in,
text: he shifts something on his hip - we see the butt of a
text: handgun.
text: Kimble hangs up and leaves through the back door.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF SYKES' APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Kimble moves across the roof and drops to fire escape behind
text: Sykes' apartment. He looks in the window, steps back to see
text: if anyone is looking, then pulls his fist back into his
text: sleeve and with one swift pop, BREAKS the GLASS.
scene_heading: INT. SYKES' APARTMENT - KITCHEN - MORNING
text: No sound. Slowly he moves into...
speaker_heading: HALLWAY
text: Moving first toward the living room. The apartment is
dialog: modest.
text: He stops by a photograph of a teenage girl. Another is a
text: boy in football uniform. The next one is a man in a
text: police uniform. Kimble freezes.
scene_heading: MEMORY HIT - INT. KIMBLE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT OF MURDER
text: Kimble struggles with the one-armed man.
scene_heading: INT. SYKES' APARTMENT - MORNING (PRESENT)
text: Kimble struggles to recall the man's face. It could be him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Kimble searching for clues to Sykes' identity. He opens
text: closets, wardrobe, bureau... reopens a drawer. There, in the
text: bottom he finds an old prosthetic arm.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ANGLE - DESK
text: Kimble looking through Sykes' desk drawers finds a package
text: of photographs. He opens them and quickly flips through.
scene_heading: INSERT - PHOTOGRAPHS
text: A group of men on a business/vacation junket stand around a
text: large sportfish hung from the dock. Kimble keeps flipping
text: through, suddenly stops and backs up and we see what stopped
text: him: The smiling face of Dr. Alexander Lentz.
scene_heading: MEMORY HIT - INT. HOTEL BALLROOM - NIGHT OF MURDER
text: Nichols introduces Kimble to Lentz.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Richard... Alex Lentz.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON PHOTOGRAPHS - MORNING (PRESENT)
text: There are three photos of Lentz. Kimble slowly pulls one out
text: of the pack. As he slides it out we see a fish and on the
text: other side we see... Sykes, wearing a prosthetic arm.
scene_heading: MEMORY HIT - INT. KIMBLE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT OF MURDER
text: Kimble struggles with intruder. This time we see his face
text: clearly. It is Sykes.
speaker_heading: INSERT - PHOTOGRAPHS (PRESENT)
text: Kimble flips back to the earlier group photos and we see a
text: Devlin-MacGregor banner over the group shot.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
text: Looks up. He's found the man he's looking for but also a new
dialog: possibility - that the murder wasn't just a random act of
dialog: violence.
text: Kimble digs through Sykes' top desk drawer. His mind reeling.
dialog: He stops:
scene_heading: CLOSE ON PAYCHECK STUBS
text: The Devlin-MacGregor Pharmaceutical logo in the top right
dialog: corner. Payroll level four: Security.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. U.S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE - MORNING
text: PHONE RINGS. SECRETARY answers it.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: U.S. Marshal's office...
text: Her expression changes to shock.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE HALLWAY - MORNING
text: Gerard is moving down the hall with a cup of coffee when
text: the Secretary appears at a door.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
text: It' 9 Kimble on line three.
text: Gerard moves quickly down the hall, mobilizing his troops
text: as he runs...
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Renfro, Biggs...
text: They follow him into...
scene_heading: INT. MEDIA ROOM - MORNING
text: Gerard moves to phone as TECHNICIAN gives him nod he's
text: ready. Gerard answers the phone and the trace begins.
text: Renfro supervises.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: This is Gerard.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE (V.O.)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you remember what I told you in
dialog: the tunnel?
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: You told me, you didn't kill your
dialog: wife.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. SYKES' APARTMENT - CLOSE ON KIMBLE - MORNING
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Remember what you said to me?
scene_heading: INT. MEDIA ROOM - MORNING
text: Gerard is calm.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: I remember you were pointing my gun
dialog: at me.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE (V.O.)
dialog: You said, 'I don't care.'
scene_heading: ON TRACING EQUIPMENT
text: The numbers rush down. Technician reads the first set
dialog: to Renfro.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: (a whisper)
text: He's on the southside.
speaker_heading: ON GERARD
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: That's right, Kimble... I'm not
dialog: trying to solve a puzzle here. I'm
dialog: just the poor working man that's
dialog: paid to hunt you down.
text: The room is filling up with deputies. Poole, Biggs,
dialog: Stevens, Newman.
text: Gerard watches the numbers as the second digit locks in.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: (low)
dialog: He's in Pullman area... Fifteen
dialog: seconds for location.
scene_heading: INT. SYKES' APARTMENT - CLOSE ON KIMBLE - MORNING
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Well, I am trying to solve the
dialog: puzzle, Gerard and I just found a
dialog: piece.
text: Kimble takes the phone and bangs it down onto a table and
text: we realize he is in Sykes' kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. MEDIA ROOM - MORNING
text: The sound startles Gerard.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
text: Three seconds.
scene_heading: INT. SYKES' APARTMENT - MORNING
speaker_heading: GERARD (V.O.)
dialog: Kimble?
text: Kimble leaves the phone on the table and walks out.
scene_heading: INT. MEDIA ROOM - MORNING
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: You can't control this thing,
dialog: Kimble... Kimble?
text: He thinks he hears FOOTSTEPS over the phone, realizes Kimble
dialog: has not hung up. What's Kimble doing?
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (to Renfro)
dialog: Where is he?
text: Renfro looks up from the address to Gerard, stunned.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Holy shit. We've got a car there
dialog: right now.
text: He picks up a phone.
scene_heading: EXT. SYKES' APARTMENT - ANGLE - POLICE CAR - MORNING
text: The two cops receive a radio report about Kimble and
text: quickly exit their car. They rush toward Sykes' building.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BACK ALLEY
text: While they move into the apartment, we see Kimble, fully
text: aware of them, slip away down the alley.
scene_heading: INT. EL TRAIN - MORNING
scene_heading: CLOSE ON LIST: Sykes. Lentz. Devlin-MacGregor. R.D.U.90.
dialog: Lines draw connections.
scene_heading: MEMORY HIT - INT. OPERATING ROOM - NIGHT OF MURDER
text: Kimble and Chief Resident work feverishly to save patient.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: This an R.D.U.90 patient?
text: Kimble looks up at the Resident as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SYKES' APARTMENT - DAY
text: CLOSE ON TELEPHONE RECEIVER. It BUZZES off the hook.
speaker_heading: POOLE (V.O.)
dialog: Name is Fredrick Sykes. 45. Ex cop .
text: A hand comes INTO FRAME ant replaces the receiver on the
dialog: cradle. We WIDEN to find: Gerard. We see technicians
text: dusting room for prints. A FORENSIC TECH approaches Gerard.
speaker_heading: FORENSIC TECH
dialog: Inspector, we're ready for you to
dialog: look at this.
text: The Forensic Tech sits at desk.
speaker_heading: FORENSIC TECH
text: Kimble's prints are all over the
dialog: apartment, but the concentration
dialog: is here.
text: The Tech takes out the check stubs, some papers; the pack
dialog: of photos.
speaker_heading: INSERT - PHOTOS
text: The Tech flips through the pack, stops on the Lentz/Sykes
dialog: photos.
speaker_heading: FORENSIC TECH
text: He flips through the pack but
dialog: paused here.
text: He hands the Lentz/Sykes photo.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Let me see the negatives.
text: The Tech hands him the strip of negative film. Gerard holds
text: it up to the light.
speaker_heading: GERARD
text: One's missing.
text: Gerard stares at the photo as his RADIO SQUAWKS.
speaker_heading: BIGGS (V.O.)
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: Here he comes...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SYKES' APARTMENT - SIDEWALK - DAY
text: Fredrick Sykes, the one-armed man, comes down the side
text: walk. He passes a car and hears the door open behind him.
text: Biggs climbs out of the car and falls into step behind him.
text: Sykes hears the footsteps but moves on up the stoop and
text: starts to enter his apartment, notices the front door
text: already open.
text: Cops and Marshals in his house. Processing a crime scene.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: What the hell's going on here?
dialog: Who are you people?
dialog: He steps...
scene_heading: INT. SYKES' APARTMENT - DAY
text: ... sees Gerard in the kitchen. Gerard stares at Sykes.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: You had a break-in, Mr. Sykes.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: You a cop?
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: My name is Gerard. U.S. Marshal's
dialog: Office.
text: Sykes is caught off guard.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: This morning a fugitive named
dialog: Richard Kimble made a call from your
dialog: apartment.
text: Sykes is dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Richard Kimble... I don't know a
dialog: Richard Kim -
text: Poole produces a photo of Kimble.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Wait a minute... This is the doctor
dialog: who killed his wife... He claimed
text: the killer had a prosthetic limb.
dialog: You telling me he's coming after
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Would he have a reason to?
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: What the hell's that supposed to
dialog: mean? Because I have this?
text: He lifts his prosthetic arm and stares at Gerard. Gerard
text: holds his look.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Look, a year ago some people came
dialog: to see me. They asked me questions
dialog: about the night of the murder and
dialog: I'll tell you the same thing I told
dialog: them. I wasn't even in town then.
dialog: I was on a business trip.
text: Gerard continues moving around the apartment.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: What kind of business are you in,
dialog: Mr. Sykes?
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Security.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Independent?
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: No, I work for a pharmaceutical
dialog: company. I handle security for its
dialog: top executives.
text: Gerard holds up one of the fishing photographs with Lentz.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Any idea why Kimble would be
dialog: interested in these?
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: No. Just some doctors on a company
dialog: junket.
text: Gerard puts the photos down with the one of Lentz on top.
text: Sykes eyes it.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Look, you mind if I talk to the cops
dialog: to see if anything's missing?
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: By all means.
text: Sykes moves off and Gerard pockets the Lentz/Sykes photo.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SYKES'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Gerard crosses the street with Renfro and Biggs.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: He's pulling our chain, Sam. If this
dialog: was the guy Kimble was looking for,
dialog: why call us?
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Kimble said he's putting together a
dialog: puzzle. We don't need to put it
dialog: together too, we just need to be
text: there when he gets to the next
dialog: piece.
text: Gerard stops and looks back at Sykes' apartment.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Keep somebody on him. If he moves
dialog: I want to know.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL LIBRARY - DAY
text: Kimble moves through large medical library and turns into
text: area marked: PHARMACOLOGY.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ON PHARMACEUTICAL JOURNAL
text: Pages turn as we get CLOSER on headings: "DRUGS PENDING
dialog: FDA APPROVAL..." Experimental and commercial names MOVE
text: PAST us... and at the end of the list we find: "PROVASIC
scene_heading: (RDU90) Developed by Devlin-MacGregor Pharmaceuticals".
scene_heading: SECOND PERIODICAL - BUSINESS PHARMACEUTICAL JOURNAL
scene_heading: Kimble opens to article entitled: "DEVLIN-MACGREGOR
scene_heading: EXPECTS PAYDIRT WITH PROVASIC." "Pharmaceutical company
dialog: plans to go public on introduction of new drug, Provasic
dialog: (R.D.U.90)."
text: Kimble looks up. Now he knows why someone tried to kill
text: him. He gathers more Devlin-Macgregor information
text: including a prospectus, and leaves.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR'S PHONE SERVICE - DAY
text: An OPERATOR answers a call.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I'm sorry sir, Dr. Nichols is at a
dialog: medical conference at the Hilton.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO MEMORIAL HOSPITAL LIBRARY - PAY PHONE - DAY
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: It's very important I reach him.
scene_heading: INT. HILTON HOTEL HOSPITALITY SUITE - DAY
text: A meeting is underway around a board room table. An
text: ASSISTANT moves around the table and gives Nichols a
text: message with a number and "URGENT" written on it.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: I'm sorry, sir, they said it was an
dialog: emergency.
text: Nichols excuses himself from the table.
scene_heading: EXT. MEDICAL LIBRARY PAY PHONE - DAY
text: Kimble answers a pay PHONE when it RINGS.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: Can you talk?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. HILTON HOTEL HOSPITALITY SUITE - DAY
text: Nichols on phone at the other end of the suite. The meeting
text: continues behind him. As soon as he hears Kimble's voice,
text: Nichols reacts.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: (low)
dialog: Richard. Yes... I'm on a hotel
dialog: phone. What's going on?
text: He eyes the group in the other room, moves around the corner
text: for more privacy. As he does we notice several of the men
text: watching. They exchange glances.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: I found him, Charlie. I found the
dialog: guy that killed Helen.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: It's all about a drug, Charlie. They
dialog: tried to kill me because of a drug.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Devlin-MacGregor and Lentz. Lentz
dialog: was supervising the R.D.U.90
dialog: protocol. He knew I'd found out the
dialog: drug had problems. It's Lentz.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
text: Richard, Lentz is dead. He died in
dialog: an auto accident last summer.
text: Kimble is stunned.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Can you prove this about the drug?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: I need your help. Call Mr. Roosevelt
dialog: and tell him I'm coming in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GERARD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The group of deputies and Gerard assemble around Gerard's
dialog: information board. They've come armed with facts and
text: theories. Gerard orchestrates the information.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: If you were Richard Kimble... Why
dialog: would you hunt for a one-armed man
dialog: you think killed your wife; find
dialog: hint then leave him and call us?
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: To throw us off his trail.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: Unless... What if you were a well
dialog: respected surgeon and wanted to kill
dialog: your wife? How would you do it?
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: I'd hire a pro. Sight unseen.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Set it up to look like a robbery
dialog: gone bad.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: How would you find him? Look in the
dialog: phone book?
speaker_heading: RENFRO
text: Through a connection.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Maybe through a company you did some
dialog: business with.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Like a pharmaceutical company.
text: Someone in security.
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
text: On the night of his wife's murder,
dialog: Kimble attended a hospital benefit
dialog: sponsored by Devlin-Macgregor
dialog: Pharmaceutical - Sykes' company.
text: Gerard places a Devlin-Macgregor card onto his board.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
text: But Sykes claims he was out of town.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: And company records support that he
dialog: was on a business trip.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: That's an easy fix. So let's say he
dialog: was in town. Did the job. Everything
text: goes as planned with one problem.
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
text: Instead of looking like a robbery
dialog: gone bad, Kimble ends up being the
dialog: one accused...
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: ... tried, convicted...
speaker_heading: POOLE
text: ... and the hit man gets away clean.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
text: So Kimble returns to hunt for and
dialog: find the hit man.
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
dialog: Why? To share the blame? He'd still
dialog: go to prison.
text: Gerard moves to the board. He takes down a card.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: You're underestimating the power of
dialog: the good doctor. It would be his
dialog: word against... Sykes'. Who would
dialog: you believe?
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: So what does Kimble do next?
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: Get help.
text: Gerard pins the card to the board and looks at Renfro. It
dialog: says: "NICHOLS"
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Stevens, check phone records for
dialog: Sykes and Kimble.
text: Gerard moves to the door and Renfro follows. As he's
text: leaving he hands the photo of Lentz and Sykes to Biggs.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Find out who this guy is.
text: He leaves. Biggs hands the photo to Newman.
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: Why do I get all the great jobs?
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - LOADING DOCK - DAY
text: Kimble enters the hospital through the loading dock.
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO MEMORIAL - MORGUE - DAY
text: MR. ROOSEVELT, an ancient research assistant, opens the
text: door to Kimble.
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: It sure is good to see you again,
dialog: Dr. Kimble.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: You too, Roosevelt... Been a long
dialog: time.
text: Roosevelt closes the door behind them.
scene_heading: INT. TISSUE STORAGE - DAY
text: Roosevelt brings Kimble a file marked: "R.D.U.90"
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: This is the R.D.U.90 file and
dialog: samples. Dr. Nichols said you
dialog: needed.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Thanks, Roosevelt.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UNMARKED POLICE CAR - DAY
text: A cop stares up at Sykes' house from across the street.
scene_heading: INT. SYKES' APARTMENT - DAY
text: Sykes watches the cops in the car outside. He moves to the
text: phone and dials number.
speaker_heading: EMERGENCY OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Emergency operator.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: I want to report a fire; No, it's
dialog: not my place, it's a couple doors
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CMH HALLWAY/DR. WAHLUND'S LAB - DAY
text: Kimble moves down hall and quietly enters a small research
text: lab in the university. Dr. Wahlund sits behind her microscope
text: and doesn't see him until he touches her on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: WAHLUND
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Oh, my God... Richard.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: I loaned you something once, Kath,
dialog: and I need them back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SYKES' APARTMENT - DAY
text: Sykes, dressed in coat and tie, prepares to leave apartment.
text: Somewhere in the distance we hear: FIRE ENGINE SIRENS.
scene_heading: EXT. SYKES' APARTMENT - DAY
text: The cop stares at Sykes' window when suddenly we hear FIRE
text: SIRENS, and a pair of fire trucks turn onto the street and
text: pull up across the street from the unmarked car -blocking
text: the view of Sykes' house. Firemen climb down and move to a
text: nearby building. The street begins to fill up with people.
text: The cop stares at the commotion directly behind him. He
text: becomes so engrossed in the action like everyone else that
text: he fails to see Sykes, using the distraction, exit his
text: apartment and walk calmly away from the scene.
scene_heading: INT. U.S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Newman studies the photograph of Lentz and Sykes under a
text: magnifying glass.
scene_heading: INSERT - CLOSE ON PHOTO OF LENTZ
text: We see the logo on Lentz' shirt says: "C M H"
scene_heading: EXT. EL STATION - PHONE BOOTH - DAY
text: Sykes stands at a phone booth, finishes a call, then moves
text: up the stairs to board an el train.
scene_heading: INT. HILTON HOTEL - DAY
text: A conference breaks up and Nichols moves down hallway.
text: He slows when he sees Gerard and Renfro waiting for him.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Mr. Gerard.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Doctor. Could I have a minute?
text: He opens the door to an empty meeting room.
scene_heading: INT. MEETING ROOM - DAY
text: Gerard, Nichols and Renfro. Nichols stares at a photo copy
text: of the Sykes and Lentz fishing photo.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: He's a security specialist at
dialog: Devlin-Macgregor Pharmaceuticals.
text: Kimble broke into his apartment.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: I don't know him. You're getting
dialog: pretty desperate aren't you, Mr.
dialog: Gerard. I told you, you wouldn't
dialog: find Richard.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Dr. Kimble hasn't come back to you
dialog: for help, has he?
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: No. And it seems like we've been
dialog: over this ground before. Now if
dialog: you'll excuse me.
text: Nichols moves to the door. Gerard looks again at the photo,
text: then stops him.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Dr. Nichols. Do you know the other
dialog: man in the photograph?
text: Nichols stops, looks at Lentz and lies.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: I never saw him before.
text: He leaves. Gerard watches him.
text: Renfro looks down and sees flyer which says Nichols is
text: slated to talk that evening in the grand ballroom.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: (reads)
dialog: "Advances in Nuclear Tissue and
dialog: Pathology Research," by Dr. Charles
dialog: Nichols.
dialog: (to Gerard)
dialog: I bet they line up to hear that one.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - AFTERNOON
text: Newman and Biggs enter the hospital.
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - DR. WAHLUND'S LAB - AFTERNOON
scene_heading: MICROSCOPIC POV: Cell structure.
speaker_heading: ON WAHLUND
text: She works the fluorescent stains. Makes notes.
text: Kimble helps load the next sample.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Half the people in the study were
dialog: indigents. No follow-up, no baseline
dialog: on them. Who could say they didn't
dialog: come into the study with bad livers?
speaker_heading: WAHLUND
text: The one on the right is one of the
dialog: samples you sent me. It shows a lot
dialog: of perriportal inflammation loaded
dialog: with eosinophils. When you see that
dialog: with the accumulation of bile it's
dialog: a classic for -
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: - drug induced hepatitis.
speaker_heading: WAHLUND
dialog: I'm impressed. Now look at this.
text: She positions a second slide.
speaker_heading: WAHLUND
dialog: According to the study, this is a
text: slice from the same liver.
text: Kimble studies the slide. The tissue difference is markedly
text: different, clearer.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Cold normal.
speaker_heading: WAHLUND
text: Clearly not from the same tissue.
dialog: In fact.
text: She yields the microscope to Kimble.
speaker_heading: WAHLUND
dialog: See this small area of bile duct
dialog: proliferation? Von Meyenberg's
dialog: Complex. Occurs in only 2% of the
dialog: population. But it's in every one
dialog: of your five samples.
text: Kimble looks up.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: That's statistically impossible.
speaker_heading: WAHLUND
dialog: That's because they're all from the
dialog: same liver.
text: She smiles at Kimble.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE
text: Newman shows the photo to a 40s clerk, BETTY. She looks at
dialog: the photo.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: His name's Lentz. A pathologist. I
dialog: only remember him because he died
dialog: last summer.
text: Biggs and Newman exchange a look.
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
dialog: Anybody down in pathology who might
dialog: know something about the guy?
text: Betty looks at the clock, it's after 6 p.m. Dicey.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: It's kinda late to catch anyone,
dialog: but you might go by the morgue.
dialog: There's an old guy down there
dialog: who's been around forever.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - AFTERNOON
text: Sykes steps off an elevator at Chicago Memorial Hospital.
text: And starts down a hall.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO MEMORIAL MORGUE HALLWAY - DAY
text: Newman and Biggs move down the empty hallway... this long
text: shot has never felt longer. They find the morgue.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Just what I want to do before
dialog: dinner.
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO MEMORIAL MORGUE - DAY
text: Roosevelt working near the autopsy tables when the two
text: marshals enter.
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
dialog: Are you Mr. Roosevelt?
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: We're United States Marshals. We're
dialog: trying to find out some information
text: about a pathologist, named Lentz. He
dialog: used to be on staff here.
text: Roosevelt suddenly goes on the defensive.
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
text: He's dead.
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
dialog: Yeah, we heard. We wanted to know if
dialog: he knew or had any contact with Dr.
dialog: Richard Kimble?
text: On the mention of Kimble, Roosevelt becomes visibly nervous.
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: I... I haven't seen Dr. Kimble.
text: Biggs and Newman exchange a look.
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
dialog: (a probe)
dialog: That's not what I asked, sir. I just
dialog: wanted to know if Dr. Kimble and Dr.
dialog: Lentz knew each other?
speaker_heading: ROOSEVELT
dialog: I... I don't know. Excuse me, I got to go.
text: He moves away from the autopsy table. Biggs stops him.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: I think you're lying to us.
dialog: Roosevelt looks from one marshal to the other as we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO MEMORIAL - DR. WAHLUND'S LAB - AFTERNOON
text: As Kathy packs up evidence, Kimble looks through the reports.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: They'd be home free if I hadn't been
dialog: leaning on them to account for the
dialog: livers I was seeing. And I wouldn't
dialog: have seen the livers if I hadn't
dialog: told the guys on my service to call
dialog: me when they had cases that were
text: bleeding excessively in surgery.
speaker_heading: WAHLUND
text: Big bucks. One schmuck standing in
dialog: the way. Easy, get rid of him and
dialog: his wife. But why Lentz?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Why not? He's one of the original
dialog: patent holders. Toss the samples I
dialog: sent, replace them with healthy
dialog: samples, issue the path report on
dialog: the healthy stuff-piece of cake.
text: Kimble notices something in the report.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: When did Lentz die?
speaker_heading: WAHLUND
dialog: Oh, last summer sometime. August...
dialog: Why?
text: Kimble looks up from the protocol report.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Because a good third of the samples
dialog: Lentz approved were signed after he
dialog: died.
text: Kathy comes to look at the report. Lentz's signature is
dialog: on reports dated October, November, December.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
text: Someone else used Lentz's name.
speaker_heading: WAHLUND
dialog: A pathologist at Devlin-Macgregor?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: They wouldn't have had the access.
dialog: They would have needed someone at
dialog: the hospital.
text: Kimble opens the Devlin-Macgregor prospectus he took from
text: the medical library and opens it to the beginning. A photo
text: gets his attention.
text: He takes the bag and starts for the door.
speaker_heading: WAHLUND
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
text: To see an old friend.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GERARD'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Gerard at his board. The cards form a triangle: Sykes
text: Devlin-Macgregor - Lentz with Kimble at the apex. He stares
text: at the board. Poole comes to the door.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: It's Newman. Line two.
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Kimble slips down corridor. We see someone following him.
dialog: It is Sykes.
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO MEMORIAL HOSPITAL HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Newman on portable phone. Behind him Biggs questions Mr.
dialog: Roosevelt.
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
dialog: The old guy didn't know where he was
dialog: going. But he picked up some tissue
dialog: samples.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Tissue samples?
text: Gerard goes to his board. Renfro listens on the speakerphone.
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
dialog: ... From a drug study. And signed
dialog: for by Dr. Charles Nichols.
text: Renfro and Gerard exchange a look.
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
dialog: Nichols also knew Lentz. He was a
dialog: pathologist.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
text: He was covering for Kimble.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (to Renfro)
dialog: Get CPD to bring in Sykes.
text: Gerard stares at the board.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: Kimble moves through steam tunnel beneath the hospital.
text: It is lined with old furniture and supplies. A few moments
text: later we see Sykes following.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILTON HOTEL GRAND BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: A cordial HOST steps up to the microphone. The room is
text: filled with doctors seated at tables around the room. It is
text: the end of a dinner symposium.
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: Tonight to close our conference,
dialog: we're honored to hear a report from
dialog: one of the most respected men in
dialog: his field...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: Kimble exits the hospital and moves toward Hospital E1 Station.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: As the Host continues his introduction of the keynote speaker
dialog: we PAN the DAIS of distinguished medical men and women...
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: ... He is the A. Jude Robinson
dialog: Fellow and Administrative Chief of
dialog: Pathology at Chicago Memorial
dialog: Hospital... and just recently has
dialog: been appointed member of the board
dialog: of directors for Devlin-Macgregor
dialog: Pharmaceuticals. Please welcome...
dialog: ... and STOP ON Charles Nichols.
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: ... Dr. Charles Nichols.
text: Nichols rises to applause and moves to the podium.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO MEMORIAL HOSPITAL EL STATION - NIGHT
text: Kimble starts up the stairs to the station just as a train
text: is coming in. Kimble moves down the platform and boards the
text: downtown train. Just before the doors close Sykes steps onto
text: the last car. The train moves out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GERARD'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Gerard stares at his board. Stevens comes to the door.
speaker_heading: STEVENS
dialog: I checked Sykes' calls for the last
dialog: two years against Kimble's like you
dialog: asked and found nothing.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: All right. It was a thought.
text: He goes back to the board but Stevens isn't finished.
speaker_heading: STEVENS
dialog: But when I cross-checked Kimble's
dialog: phone records... one came up.
text: Gerard looks up.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Kimble called Sykes.
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Renfro! Get C.P.D. to bring in Sykes!
speaker_heading: STEVENS
dialog: Night of his wife's murder -
dialog: seven-thirty in the evening from
dialog: his car.
text: Gerard stares at the deputy, thinking - something doesn't
text: click. Stevens sees the empty stare, then Gerard looks
text: back at his board.
speaker_heading: STEVENS
dialog: I have the phone record right here.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Poole! Bring me Kimble's arrest
dialog: report, now.
dialog: (to Stevens)
dialog: No, Stevens... I believe you.
text: Poole enters with Kimble's arrest transcript. Gerard takes
text: the transcript as Renfro appears at the door.
speaker_heading: POOLE
dialog: Sam, C.P.D. just checked Sykes'
text: apartment. He's not there.
dialog: As Gerard looks up, we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DOWNTOWN EL TRAIN - ON KIMBLE - NIGHT
text: Sits in the front car. There are very few other riders.
text: A man with newspaper sits across the car reading. The
text: headlines facing Kimble say: "KIMBLE IN CHICAGO". Kimble's
text: booking photo stares back at him.
text: Kimble reacts to the headline, looks away as the man turns
dialog: the pages.
text: The man looks over the newspaper at Kimble, then goes back
text: to reading. A moment later he folds the paper back to the
dialog: front page.
text: The man looks up from the paper and looks at Kimble again,
dialog: then down.
text: Coolly the man folds the paper, tucks it under his arm,
text: stands, looks through the car, then moves into one of the
text: rear cars.
text: Kimble looks out the window - hoping desperately for his
text: car to reach the station. He keeps his head turned until
text: the man is gone.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THROUGH CENTER OF TRAIN - NIGHT
text: From the center of Kimble's car we see the man with the
text: newspaper move up to a TRANSIT COP. They begin talking.
text: Kimble stands, coming INTO the SHOT. We see him watching
dialog: the discussion.
text: Suddenly a man, sitting in the rear of the car, stands
text: and blocks Kimble's view of the Cop. It's Sykes. His gun
text: is drawn.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Back up. Move to the door, Doc.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - TRANSIT COP'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Transit Cop moves past the man with the newspaper toward
text: Kimble's car.
speaker_heading: TRANSIT COP
dialog: (to radio)
dialog: This is transit unit, 23. I have a
dialog: possible sighting of Richard Kimble.
text: Northbound coming into the Balbo
dialog: station. Request immediate back-up
text: at the station.
text: He moves toward the connecting door to Kimble's car.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KIMBLE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: The train is not yet to the station. He has no escape.
text: Sykes moves toward him.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: This is my stop, Doc.
text: Kimble stares hard at Sykes. He steps toward the side
dialog: exit.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Good, it's my stop, too.
text: Suddenly the door behind Sykes opens and the Transit Cop
text: enters.
speaker_heading: TRANSIT COP
dialog: Kimble.
dialog: (to Sykes)
dialog: Sir, move away from him.
text: Sykes - the gun tucked next to his side - turns.
text: The Cop sees Sykes' gun, reacts...
text: But Sykes FIRES first, shoots the cop FOUR TIMES.
text: As the Cop falls, Sykes turns quickly to finish Kimble.
text: But Kimble pulls the emergency brake over the door.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - NIGHT
text: The brakes lock. The TRAIN SCREECHES.
scene_heading: INT. REAR CARS - NIGHT
text: Passengers are thrown off their feet. Bags and briefcases
dialog: go flying.
scene_heading: INT. KIMBLE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Sykes is thrown forward toward Kimble who holds onto a bar
dialog: for balance.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - NIGHT
text: The train stops just short of the station. Only the first
text: two windows of the front car are over the platform.
scene_heading: INT. KIMBLE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Sykes is thrown to the floor - the gun slips from his grasp.
text: Kimble moves for the gun as Sykes comes up, catches Kimble
text: in the stomach, knocks him back. The fight carries on
text: throughout the car.
text: Kimble reaches the gun first, lifts it in his left hand and
text: aims at Sykes. Sykes sees the gun in Kimble's hand and
text: almost smiles.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Go ahead. You don't have it in you .
text: For a moment Kimble almost fires, but instead he takes the
text: gun in his right hand and whips it across Sykes' face.
text: Then hits Sykes again and again with the butt of the gun,
text: driving him down the length of the car, knocking him almost
dialog: unconscious.
text: Kimble tucks the gun in his belt and moves to the Transit
text: Cop. He checks for a pulse - there is none. The Cop is dead.
text: Kimble takes the handcuffs and keys from the case on the
text: Cop's belt. He reaches for Sykes' wrist, drags him to the
text: Cop and cuffs Sykes to the dead Cop.
text: He pockets the keys and grabs Sykes' hair, pulls his face
text: off the floor.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Not as easy as Helen, was it?
dialog: (slams Sykes' head down, leaves)
dialog: You missed your stop.
text: He moves to the front of the car with Sykes' and the Transit
text: Cop's guns out. People back out of his way. He moves to
text: where the first two windows extend over the platform, kicks
text: out the front window and...
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION - PLATFORM - NIGHT
text: ... drops to the station platform. Kimble lowers his head and
text: moves down the uncrowded platform to the station.
scene_heading: INT. GERARD'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: The report comes off the scanner.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (V.O.)
dialog: ... units in the vicinity of Balbo
dialog: Street station. Be alert to possible
text: sighting of Richard Kimble...
text: Gerard, Renfro and Poole trade looks. Gerard moves toward
dialog: the door.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
dialog: Balbo station. That's -
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: Poole, get Biggs and Newman.
dialog: They're gone as we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION - NIGHT
text: Police cruisers pull outside the station.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN STATION - NIGHT
text: As transit police move up the escalator to the platform,
text: Kimble moves unnoticed through the underground mall
text: beneath the hotel. Deposits the guns into a mail box and
text: keeps moving.
scene_heading: INT. GERARD'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Renfro driving, Gerard and Pool in car. Report comes over
dialog: the radio.
speaker_heading: POLICE DISPATCHER (V.O.)
dialog: ... all units in vicinity of Balbo
dialog: E1. Officer down. Repeat, officer
text: down. Man leaving scene with two
dialog: guns matches description of Richard
dialog: Kimble...
text: Gerard looks out the window, he knows what this means.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (quietly to himself)
dialog: Damn...
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - MALL LEVEL / LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Kimble moves up escalators from the underground station
dialog: into the Hilton.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Disheveled and driven, he moves from the escalators to the
text: lobby - checks the list of hospitality suites and sees
text: board which indicates Nichols speech in the rooftop
text: ballroom. He moves on to the main elevators.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: Nichols speaking. As he talks we MOVE TO...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TABLE OF MEN
dialog: Listening - the same men we saw in the hospitality suite
text: when Nichols talked to Kimble. As we MOVE TIGHTER ON one
dialog: of the men, we notice his name tag says: Board of
dialog: Directors... Devlin-MacGregor Pharmaceuticals.
scene_heading: INT. HILTON ROOFTOP ELEVATORS - NIGHT
text: Kimble rides alone to the rooftop ballroom.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HILTON HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Gerard's car pulls up in front of the hotel. Police are
text: controlling pedestrians. Newman and Biggs, already decked
text: out in Kevlar, meet him.
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
dialog: C.P.D. just reported -
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: I heard. Was it Kimble?
speaker_heading: BIGGS
text: Conflicting reports, but the cops
dialog: are considering him a shooter.
text: Heavily-armed CPD units pull up. Gerard stares at the police
text: presence. He starts toward the hotel where Kelly is
text: conferring with Kevlar-decked police captain.
speaker_heading: POLICE CAPTAIN
text: Witnesses say he entered hotel from
dialog: the subway.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Okay. I want it locked down. Start
text: on the lower levels.
text: The captain moves off. Gerard intercepts the cop.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: That's my man in there, Kelly.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Not since he took down one of ours,
dialog: Gerard. This is a police matter,
dialog: now. Stay, the hell, out of it.
text: Kelly moves off. Gerard watches him a moment then he looks
text: up to the roof. Newman hands Gerard his belt with his
dialog: backup piece.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: C'mon, I know where he's going.
text: He moves into the hotel with his deputies.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: LOCKDOWN MONTAGE - EXT. / INT. HOTEL - NIGHT
text: A) C.P.D. cruisers arriving. Cops deploying to points of
text: entry. Security guards keying shut parking garage and
text: blocking stairwells.
text: B) Helicopter with police sharpshooters takes off from
text: Meigs Field downtown and heads for the hotel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROOFTOP ELEVATORS/PENTHOUSE HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Kimble exits the elevators and moves down the corridor to
text: the ballroom. A man tries to stop him at the doors, Kimble
text: simply moves him out of the way and opens the doors to:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: Nichols moves to the last of his speech as Kimble enters
text: at the rear
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: ... And I especially would like to
dialog: thank my researchers who helped me...
text: Nichols stops his speech - stunned to see Kimble.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Richard...
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: What's wrong, Charlie? Surprised?
text: Kimble begins moving down the aisle past the tables of
text: doctors toward the podium.
text: We see the faces of Kimble's colleagues and friends from
text: the ballroom sequence earlier. At first no one notices
text: Kimble but as he makes his way toward the dais, the
text: applause fades and then room quiets. Whispers of:
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: It's Richard. It's Kimble.
text: Stunned expressions.
text: Kimble continues to the front, talking to Nichols as if
dialog: the room were empty.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: After Lentz died, you were the only
dialog: one that had access to the
dialog: pathology reports.
text: Nichols remains calm.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Reports? What are you?
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: You switched the samples and
dialog: falsified the reports so R.D.U.90
dialog: could get approval.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Richard, I don't know what you're
dialog: talking about?...
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: I have a set of the original
dialog: samples.
text: Nichols stares at Kimble and for the first time we see a
text: flicker of concern.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: You almost pulled it off, Charlie.
dialog: But I know all about it now, and I
dialog: can prove it.
text: Nichols and Kimble hold a look. Nichols turns to the audience.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen. My friend, as
dialog: you can see, is obviously not well.
dialog: Richard, if you want to talk -
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: I didn't come here to talk
text: Nichols leaves the dais and heads toward the exit.
text: Kimble tracks along with him - moving through the tables -
text: passing the table with the Devlin-MacGregor board of
text: directors. They are disturbed by this situation.
speaker_heading: ON NICHOLS
text: Moves through a door and exits into...
speaker_heading: HALLWAY
text: Kimble follows moving through the tables and people to
text: reach the door.
text: As soon as he's gone there are calls for "security." Doctors
dialog: move for the exits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Gerard, Renfro, Newman, Biggs and Poole move into the lobby.
text: Police move to cover the lower floors.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: C.P.D. has the perimeter, hotel
text: security has the parking structure.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Let them keep busy down below.
dialog: Newman, get with security. See if
dialog: you can locate Kimble from the
dialog: monitors. Keep in radio contact.
text: Newman branches off to Hotel Security. The rest follow
text: Gerard to the rooftop elevators.
scene_heading: EXT. HELICOPTER - NIGHT
text: ROARING over Chicago skyline. The bright red sign of the
text: Hilton Hotel looms ahead.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY / HOSPITALITY SUITE - NIGHT
text: Nichols moves down hallway and turns into a hospitality
text: suite. A moment later Kimble follow and enters the...
speaker_heading: HOSPITALITY SUITE
text: ... and is immediately smashed with a chair by Nichols.
text: Kimble goes flying, stunned. Nichols locks the door.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Your best quality, Richard, is that
dialog: you don't give up -
text: Nichols pulls Kimble to his feet.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: ... even when it's clearly in your
dialog: best interest to...
text: He hits him again, drives him back into the library.
text: Kimble tries to recover as Nichols relentlessly stays on
text: him. He pulls him up, slams him against the fire escape
dialog: doors.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: I always knew that I'd have to kill
dialog: you.
text: He drives a blow into Kimble's stomach.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Now, I must thank you for giving me
dialog: 200 witnesses tonight who will
dialog: support me... when I tell them it
dialog: was self-defense...
text: He shoves Kimble through the door out into...
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE ESCAPE BALCONY - NIGHT
text: ... and almost over the railing. Kimble grabs the rail to
text: keep from dropping to the street. Nichols closes on him,
text: but Kimble rolls away at the last minute and knocks
text: Nichols back against the other side of fire escape.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: You missed your chance, Charlie...
text: Nichols charges Kimble, but Kimble drives him back with
text: two crushing blows that send Nichols down the stairs.
text: Kimble moves down the stairs after him - passing under a
text: security camera.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY ROOM - NIGHT
text: A room lined with security monitors. Two security personnel
text: sit in front of their console. Newman stands behind them.
text: On screen: We see Kimble moving down the stairs toward
text: Nichols, who pulls himself to his feet.
text: Newman stands in front of the screen, talks to his radio.
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
dialog: (to radio)
dialog: I've got Kimble on the roof with
text: Nichols. Southeast exit.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: Gerard and deputies Poole, Biggs, and Renfro around him.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: (to radio)
text: Keep and eye on him. Biggs has roof plans.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
text: There are four exits to the roof.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: I want them covered.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL ROOFTOP FIRE ESCAPE - NIGHT
text: Nichols rises to his feet, swings, but Kimble blocks the
text: blow and lands another that sends Nichols down another
text: set of stairs to the roof.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: You took everything away from me...
dialog: for money.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM ELEVATORS - NIGHT
text: Gerard and the marshals reach the ballroom floor. The
text: elevator doors open to a flood of confused and disoriented
text: doctors trying to escape. The marshals wade through, meet
text: up with two hotel security guards.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: This way.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: Kimble pulls Nichols to his feet. They are silhouetted by
text: the lights of the city skyline.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: I want to know, Charlie... was it
dialog: worth it...?
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: This thing is bigger than even you
dialog: think, Richard. You can't stop it.
text: He hits Nichols again with tremendous force, knocking him
text: against the parapet. Nichols stares over the edge - the
text: street appears far below.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: Gerard and his deputies work their way into the ballroom.
text: The deputies move to separate areas. Several doctors point
text: them in the direction Kimble and Nichols fled.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SECURITY - NIGHT
text: Newman stands in front the security monitors and watches
text: Kimble and Nichols on the roof.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: Kimble reaches Nichols and draws to hit him again as the
text: HELICOPTER suddenly ROARS over the rooftop. Its beam hits
text: the two men and a VOICE booms from the helicopter:
speaker_heading: VOICE FROM HELICOPTER (V.O.)
text: Chicago police. Freeze.
text: In the instant of shock, Nichols knees Kimble and bolts.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY / HOSPITALITY SUITE - NIGHT
text: Gerard moves down connecting hallway where a couple of
text: concerned doctors are trying to open the door to the
dialog: hospitality suite.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (to doctors)
text: Clear the hallway.
dialog: (to security)
dialog: Get that door open.
text: The door opens and Gerard moves quickly through the
text: hospitality suite for the rooftop.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (to security)
dialog: Stay at this door.
text: He moves through the door to the roof alone.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SECURITY - NIGHT
text: Newman watching the security monitors sees Kimble and
text: Nichols. On another monitor we see Gerard exit the suite.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - NIGHT
text: Nichols runs.
text: Kimble recovers, sees Gerard moving down the fire escape
text: toward him, and Nichols escaping. He goes after Nichols.
text: The helicopter circles back over the roof, illuminating the
text: rooftop in its million-candle-power beam.
speaker_heading: HELICOPTER PILOT (V.O.)
dialog: I've got a visual on Kimble. He's
dialog: running.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Kelly listens on his ratio.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Bring him down.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: Kimble chases Nichols down the roof as BULLETS from the
text: helicopter rip into the air conditioning duct next to Kimble.
text: The helicopter swings out to keep Kimble in sight.
speaker_heading: ON GERARD
text: Gerard hits the bottom of the fire escape and follows.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (to radio)
dialog: This is a United States Marshal.
dialog: Get that helicopter out of here!
speaker_heading: ANGLE - NICHOLS
text: He moves away among the duct work.
text: Kimble follows.
text: Gerard continues after Kimble.
text: The helicopter circles and follows from above.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE / DOOR TO ROOF - NIGHT
text: Renfro triggers his radio.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
text: There is a U.S. Marshal out there.
dialog: Hold your fire!
speaker_heading: HELICOPTER'S POV
text: FOLLOWING Kimble. Its beam tracking Kimble across the
text: rooftop. He moves through the blowers and duct work.
text: Kimble is gaining ground on Nichols.
speaker_heading: ON SHARPSHOOTER
text: He is about to fire when he hears through his radio.
speaker_heading: RADIO (V.O.)
dialog: Hold your fire.
text: The shooter pulls back.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: Gerard rushes across the roof toward Kimble.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - NICHOLS
text: He is almost to the end of the roof when Kimble tackles
text: him. The two men crash against sloped glass roof of an
dialog: elevator housing.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT - NIGHT
text: Inside the shaft - an elevator moves toward the roof. It
text: stops on the floor ten feet below the roof. THROUGH the
text: glass roof we see the doors open.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP - GERARD - NIGHT
dialog: Charges toward -
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
text: Who slams Nichols hard against the glass. The WIRED
text: GLASS CRACKS and bellies with the form of their bodies.
text: Nichols' head rocks from the impact.
text: The GLASS GROANS. The wire stresses. The caulking begins
dialog: to drop.
text: Nichols struggles but Kimble has him in control. Slams
text: him down hard again.
speaker_heading: HELICOPTER
text: Circles, illuminates the struggle in its spotlight and
dialog: Gerard closing.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT - NIGHT
text: The elevator doors close and the car beneath the
text: skylight begins to descend.
speaker_heading: GERARD
text: Pulls up.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Kimble!
text: Kimble slams Nichols one more time against the glass
text: and the wire holding the glass gives way, sending Kimble
dialog: and Nichols into...
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT - NIGHT
text: Kimble and Nichols, locked together, fall down the shaft
text: and crash onto the roof of the descending elevator car.
text: Nichols crashes through the ceiling into the car. Kimble
text: hits and slides across the roof to the edge, stopping
text: himself, just before he falls into the shaft. An
text: elevator car rushes toward him out of the blackness.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: Gerard reaches the elevator housing, looks down into the
dialog: shaft.
speaker_heading: GERARD'S POV
text: Kimble's car disappears into the darkness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR CAR - NIGHT
text: Nichols pulls himself to his feet. Hits the emergency
text: stop and the doors open. He disappears into...
scene_heading: INT. HILTON LAUNDRY - NIGHT
text: ... a huge industrial laundry room. Steam rises from the
text: giant machines.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR CAR/LAUNDRY - NIGHT
text: Kimble drops from the ceiling into the car and moves
text: carefully into the laundry.
text: ... like an industrial jungle. Dimly lit, filled with
text: DEAFENING MACHINERY. Five hundred pound bags of laundry
text: move from a network of ceiling tracks to a pair of
text: heavyduty conveyor belts and two thirty-foot long washers.
text: ... At the other end of the washers, hydraulic presses
text: stamp out three-foot diameter "cakes" which are moved by
text: conveyor and dollies to automated dryers.
text: The NOISE is DEAFENING.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: Gerard comes down back stairwell. Followed by Renfro.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (to radio)
dialog: Where did the elevator stop?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: NEWMAN IN SECURITY
text: Newman checks the computer board for the elevator
dialog: position.
speaker_heading: NEWMAN
dialog: (to radio)
dialog: Level five.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY - NIGHT
text: Nichols pushes through the hanging laundry bags toward an
text: exit, tries the door. It is secured with a collapsible
text: grating with a padlock. He looks up, keeps moving.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
text: Notices the swinging bags, follows Nichols' trail. He
text: stops to get his bearings, sees shadow at the far end of
text: the room between the two washers. Kimble closes in, moving
text: between the large conveyors.
scene_heading: ANGLE - SORTING ROOM
text: Gerard enters sorting room with Renfro. He sees two sorters
text: standing by a small conveyor as he enters.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Get out of here.
text: He and Renfro move around the corner where a laundry
text: worker is hooking a 500 lb bag of lines onto the overhead
text: rail. A hydraulic lift, operated by a hanging on/off
text: switch raises the bag on a yellow steel I-beam. The worker
text: takes one look at Gerard and abandons his station.
text: Gerard, Biggs and Renfro move to the closed doors of the
dialog: main room.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (to Renfro)
dialog: We're going in. Give me five
dialog: minutes. Keep C.P.D. out.
text: He draws his Glock, opens the door and enters the main
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY - ON KIMBLE - NIGHT
text: He moves to end of washers, using the machines as cover.
text: He sees the shadow again takes a pole leaning against the
text: dryer as a weapon, turns the corner and is about to belt
text: him when he realizes it's not Nichols, but a laundry worker.
text: Kimble moves away from the terrified man, when he hears a
text: voice from the other end of the laundry.
speaker_heading: GERARD (V.O.)
dialog: (above the din)
dialog: Kimble!
text: Kimble reacts to Gerard's voice, moves away.
speaker_heading: ON NICHOLS
text: Moving behind machinery, sees light at far end of the room
text: where Gerard enters.
speaker_heading: ON GERARD
text: The door closes automatically behind Gerard and Renfro.
text: They enter the noisy main room and separate. Renfro moves
text: up the far side of the room, Gerard up the center. Both
text: move slowly through the maze of bags, carts, automated
dialog: equipment.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: ... There is no way out of here.
text: The building is locked down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
text: Moves instinctively back into the machinery and carts near
text: the conveyor belts.
speaker_heading: GERARD (O.S.)
dialog: Kimble... I know about Nichols. I
text: know about Sykes. Kimble stops.
speaker_heading: ON GERARD
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: ... Nichols borrowed your car the
dialog: night of the murder and called
text: Sykes from it.
speaker_heading: RENFRO
text: Separated from Gerard. He hears a NOISE behind him - a bag
text: comes down the track at break-neck speed, Renfro spins,
text: dodges it, gets his bearings and continues.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
text: Listening. He watches the movement of bags as he did with
dialog: Nichols.
speaker_heading: GERARD
text: Moving through the forest of massive bags.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: ... That's why there was no forced
dialog: entry at your house. He'd used your
dialog: keys.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
text: Realizing what Gerard knows. Considering his next move.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
text: Also listening. He realizes Gerard now knows he's the
text: killer. He moves behind the water softener tanks and
text: chemicals - and spots Renfro - and something else -the
text: hanging control for the I-beam.
speaker_heading: GERARD
text: Moves carefully. Another bag comes down the track. He
text: dodges it and steps into an open track. From here he can
text: see straight back toward the washers.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Kimble... Come meet me out here.
speaker_heading: ON RENFRO
text: He steps out and then back as a bag shoots by. He ducks
text: under the bag - into the next track and suddenly hears a
text: WHIRRING sound behind him. Renfro turns as an I-beam comes
text: rushing down the open track and knocks him to the floor,
text: opening a gash across the side of his head. He lays still.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
text: Steps out of the shadows, turns him over exposing his empty
text: shoulder harness and takes the gun from Renfro's hand.
text: Nichols moves toward Gerard with the gun.
speaker_heading: GERARD
text: Oblivious to this action, moves on, passes the conveyor
text: belts. He makes one last appeal.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: It's time to quit running... if you
dialog: don't, you know I'll stop you. He
text: listens, there is no answer.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
text: Starts to move out to meet Gerard, sees Renfro down. His
text: shoulder harness is empty. He knows Nichols is armed.
speaker_heading: GERARD
text: Moves into the alley between the two giant washers. He
text: pauses, looks back, then continues, when he turns his back
dialog: on us...
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
text: Steps INTO FRAME behind him and slowly takes aim. Just
text: before he fires however he hears...
speaker_heading: KIMBLE (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, Chuckles...
text: Nichols turns toward the voice as Kimble swings the stick
text: and clocks him - sending the gun skittering on the floor
text: behind Gerard.
speaker_heading: GERARD
text: Turns on the sound and finds his gun trained on Kimble
text: with Nichols at his feet, unconscious. He realizes
text: instantly that Kimble saved his life and lowers his gun.
text: Kimble, exhausted, leans against the washer.
text: They hold a look as deputies and police flood into the
text: room surrounding Kimble and handcuffing him.
scene_heading: INT. / EXT. HILTON HOTEL - NIGHT (LATER)
text: Chicago Police hold back crowds of onlookers on Michigan
text: Avenue. Police cars and vans, television news trucks vie
dialog: for space in front of the Hilton Towers.
text: Dr. Charles Nichols, on a stretcher, loaded into an
text: ambulance. The doors close.
text: REPORTERS and television cameramen line the sidewalk
text: giving reports and interviewing doctors from the ballroom.
text: We PICK UP pieces of their reports as we MOVE PAST them
text: TOWARD the entrance.
scene_heading: T.V. NEWS REPORTER
dialog: ... As we reported a few minutes
dialog: ago, the saga of once-prominent
dialog: Chicago surgeon, Dr. Richard Kimble,
dialog: who escaped from an Illinois
dialog: Corrections bus, took a strange
dialog: twist this evening when Dr. Kimble
dialog: was captured at the Chicago Hilton...
scene_heading: ANOTHER REPORTER continues:
speaker_heading: ANOTHER REPORTER
dialog: ... there are unconfirmed reports
dialog: from police of new evidence which
dialog: may exonerate Kimble while
dialog: implicating some of the biggest
dialog: names in medicine...
text: The doors to the police van close amid a flurry of
dialog: photographs.
text: A third reporter interviews a STUNNED DOCTOR from the
dialog: ballroom:
speaker_heading: STUNNED DOCTOR
dialog: He just walked in... We didn't know
dialog: what he was going to do. My wife
dialog: was very frightened... The next
dialog: thing I knew cops were charging in
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Kimble, in handcuffs, is escorted by Biggs, Newman, Poole
text: and Gerard, out of the hotel into the waiting chaos.
text: Renfro, his head bandaged, is helped by paramedics.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL / INT. CAR - NIGHT
text: As soon as the group exits the hotel. Television lights
text: flood the scene. Kimble lowers his head. Reporters crowd
text: forward, yelling questions.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Dr. Kimble, is it true you can prove
dialog: your innocence!
dialog: Gerard wants the crowd controlled.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (to police)
dialog: Get them back.
text: The marshals ant cops clear a line for Kimble to get into
text: a waiting car away from the media. Biggs opens the back
text: door and helps Kimble inside.
speaker_heading: BIGGS
dialog: Watch your head, Dr. Kimble.
text: Newman climbs in behind the wheel. Gerard in the back next
text: to Kimble. He leans out the window and motions to Poole.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: (to Poole)
dialog: Poole, you got that thing?
dialog: (to Kimble)
dialog: Give me your hands.
text: Kimble pauses, then holds up his wrists and Gerard unlocks
text: Kimble's handcuffs.
text: Poole hands an ice-pack over the seat. Gerard places the
text: pack on Kimble' 9 bruised and battered hands.
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Take care of those hands, Doc,
dialog: you're going to need them again
dialog: soon.
speaker_heading: KIMBLE
dialog: I thought you told me 'you didn't
dialog: care.'
speaker_heading: GERARD
dialog: Yeah, well, don't spread it around.
text: They share a look of mutual respect as the car pulls away.
speaker_heading: HELICOPTER POV
text: The car carrying Kimble pulls onto Michigan Avenue heading
text: back downtown. As we PULL BACK we see Kimble's car - at
text: first alone on the great avenue - then gradually joined
text: by other cars until finally becoming integrated in the
text: traffic, movement and lights of the city.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
