dialog: (Name of Project)
dialog: by
dialog: (Name of First Writer)
dialog: (Based on, If Any)
dialog: Revisions by
dialog: (Names of Subsequent Writers,
dialog: in Order of Work Performed)
dialog: Current Revisions by
dialog: (Current Writer, date)
dialog: Name (of company, if applicable)
dialog: Address
dialog: Phone Number
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR -- NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON two eyes, closed. A YOUNG MAN, sitting up,
dialog: asleep.
text: A noise, like a slapping, not loud. Repeated, again,
dialog: again.
text: The eyes blink open. Unsure where we are. They look
dialog: around.
text: We pull back: The young man wears a jacket and tie. He
text: sits on a bench in a subway, the car moving fast through
dialog: darkness.
text: We pull back further: The car is empty, just the young
dialog: man.
text: Bang, the noise suddenly is louder. It seems to come from
text: the next car down. Now it goes back to the quiet slapping.
text: The young man looks at the door to the next car. He can’t
text: see anything. The train rattles as it takes a curve.
text: The young man gets up from the bench and takes his
text: briefcase. He walks toward the next car, his attention on
dialog: the door.
text: ZARUMMMMM! HE SLIPS ON THE FLOOR AND FALLS ON HIS BACK.
text: His head slams down hard, and he just lays there, decked.
text: But his hands feel moist, his body feels wet, like he
text: slipped in a puddle. He holds both hands up above his head
text: THEY’RE COVERED IN BLOOD!
text: BLOOD POURS DOWN HIS COAT SLEEVE! MORE BLOOD ON HIS FACE!
text: We pull back: The young man lies in a huge lake of blood.
text: He pulls himself up from the floor, and we see that he is
text: soaked in blood, like he’s had a bath in it. He shivers.
text: The next shock: A blood pool at the door to the next car.
text: The young man approaches the door carefully, almost sliding
text: a second time. He moves more slowly, creeping up to the
dialog: door.
text: The window of the door is covered in blood. The young man
text: cannot see through it. He has to get closer, right up to
dialog: it.
text: His eyes move next to the glass, which reflects red on him.
text: POV through the window: We see a huge dark figure, holding
text: an immense mallet. The figure brings the mallet down,
text: again and again and again, repeatedly pounding, blood
text: hitting the glass in splashes.
text: The young man backs away. He looks around. Outside the
text: train, pitch black. No one else is around. He looks
text: behind him. The car on the other side is dark, empty, no
dialog: one there.
text: Now the young looks back at the window. The glass is
dialog: black.
dialog: But there is something there --
text: A HUGE EYE staring straight back at us.
text: IT’S THE DARK FIGURE LOOKING STRAIGHT AT US.
text: The young man is horrified, his expression total terror.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY TRAIN -- CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE ON subway windows as they fly past. We stay close
text: enough to see what looks like sides of meat hanging inside.
text: AND A DARK FIGURE IS DRAGGING SOMEONE THROUGH THE SUBWAY
speaker_heading: CAR.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET -- DAY
text: IN SLOW MOTION, a young man walks down a sidewalk, and, as
text: he walks, he lifts a camera. He stops and turns toward us.
text: He aims directly at the camera and shoots. LEON KAUFMAN,
text: late 20's, hair unruly, face unshaven, eyes piercing, dark.
text: We leave slow motion: Leon shoikots more shots of the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: INT. LEON’S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Mounted on a wall, a series of black and white stills:
text: -- Busy street, cab stopped at a curb. MAN IN A SUIT, hand
text: out like a tackler, steals a cab by shoving another man.
text: -- A HOMELESS campfire under an underpass. A disheveled
text: homeless man comes at us with a bottle in hand.
dialog: +e HF
dialog: %
text: -- A POLICE CAR pulled over by a sidewalk, TWO COPS *
text: leaning over a guy in a leather jacket, hands behind him. *
text: -- A shot of a breathtaking GIRL, 20's, dark hair, hands on *
text: hips, smiling sexily in a park, looking at us. *
dialog: We pull back to reveal -- *
text: The same girl, MAYA JONES, is reading a textbook at a
text: kitchen table. She’s sexy in old pajamas and is wearing
text: reading glasses. Smart as she is sexy, street smart, not
dialog: just book smart.
text: Leaning over the shot is LEON KAUFMAN. Late 20’s, his hair
text: a mop of unruly curls, face unshaven, eyes piercing and
text: dark. He is at the kitchen sink, the counter top filled
text: with darkroom equipment. Leon looks at Maya, then at the
text: photo of her in the park.
speaker_heading: LEON
text: The chick in the photo’s hotter.
text: Maya gives him a grin and a finger. He comes over. Maya
text: goes in for a kiss - it’s a combination of passion and
dialog: familiarity.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Mmm. You taste good.
text: He comes back for a second kiss, and a third.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: What are you reading?
text: Maya tilts her head toward the textbook.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Metropolitan History.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Learn anything interesting?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: This was never a good place to *
dialog: walk at night. *
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: It’s not a good place to drive
dialog: against traffic, either. Some
dialog: cabbie from one of those former
dialog: Soviet republics took a shortcut
text: on a one-way street. Six car pile-
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (excited)
dialog: And you caught it?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Right place, right time.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: How much did the Post give you?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: We made the rent.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: That’s great, Leon!
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: That buys me a couple days to
dialog: work on my own stuff.
text: Leon gets up and goes into the kitchen. He opens the
text: refrigerator. Bottles clatter as he looks for a beer.
text: We get a good look at the apartment. Total disarray,
text: crammed with funky furniture and art pieces. Even a
text: kitchen counter piled with camera equipment and stacks of
dialog: test prints.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Things’1l be easier once I get my
dialog: Master's.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I hate to break it to you, Maya,
dialog: but history teachers don’t
dialog: exactly rake it in.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Hey...
text: Beer in hand, Leon closes the refrigerator.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Besides, it’s not just the money.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I know, baby. You want to be
dialog: appreciated for your art.
text: Leon knows she’s teasing him.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Is that too much to ask?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: No. I know you'll get there.
dialog: Might take a few more years.
text: Leon heads over to a cupboard and pulls down a bag of
dialog: chips.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I don’t know if I’ve got that
dialog: much patience left.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Don’t worry, everything happens
dialog: as it’s meant to be.
text: Leon frowns. Maya looks up at the photo of her in the
dialog: park.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You know what you need? A genius
dialog: girlfriend who knows how to
dialog: network and get your work seen by
dialog: some classy gallery owner. Like,
dialog: say, Susan Hoff.
text: Maya grins. She’s been saving this.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: What? You didn’t. How did you do
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: MAYA
text: Jurgis is a friend of hers. He
dialog: met her through the magazine...
dialog: You're supposed to meet him at
dialog: her gallery tonight after it
dialog: closes.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: And you held that back the whole
dialog: time I stood around feeling sorry
dialog: for myself?
text: Maya nods, hugely pleased with herself.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: You're going to pay for that.
text: Leon charges her with a roar. They fall onto the couch,
dialog: laughing.
scene_heading: INT. NEGATIVE SPACE GALLERY - ENTRANCE AREA -- NIGHT
text: The gallery is a converted warehouse, its interior entrance
text: a long ramp with brick walls leading to the main gallery
dialog: space.
text: Leon and Jurgis enter.
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Don’t mention Maya. Susan likes
dialog: her artists available.
text: Leon gives Jurgis a small smirk. He’s not worried about it.
scene_heading: INT. ART GALLERY - CONTINUOUS
text: A bare, minimal space with the harshest gray concrete
text: walls. A receptionist’s counter faces the front. Behind
text: that, a low table with a few catalogues and art magazines.
text: On the walls are paintings by Clive Barker.
text: SUSAN HOFF (40s) approaches from the back of the gallery.
text: She is beautiful, razor sharp. There is an edge to
dialog: everything she says.
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: Susan, this is Leon Kaufman.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Pleased to meet you.
text: Susan smiles and shakes Leon's hand. He's nervous.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I looked at your work. There’s a
dialog: consistency to your images.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Talk to me about them.
text: Leon glances at Jurgis for a moment.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Sell yourself a little.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: When I lived in Atlanta, I
dialog: thought this was the promised
dialog: land, where everything was
dialog: possible. Then I got here. It
dialog: was crushing. There aren’t
dialog: dreams here. Just humanity. Not
dialog: natural, and not kind. It pulls
dialog: you in. It takes from you. I
dialog: want to show the source of that
dialog: energy. The “heart of the city.”
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: The “heart of the city”?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Then you're failing.
text: Leon freezes. She pauses long enough to let it sink in.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Most of the time.
text: Susan motions with a finger for Leon to follow. She turns
text: to a nearby table, where she flips through the images in
text: his portfolio. In doing so she leans in close to Leon,
text: brushing against him. She pauses on one photo: A MEAT
text: WORKER looks up, angry and surprised, as he dumps half of a
text: calf carcass into a city trash can.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Now this....It’s not there but
text: it’s closer. He looks....caught
dialog: in the act. You exposed
dialog: something.
text: She gives him a look.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Something dirty.
text: She closes the book.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: But you need to get a lot
dialog: dirtier.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Dirtier.
text: She looks at Leon, directly in the eyes.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You're searching for the “heart
dialog: of the city”? Then you have to
dialog: get under the flesh. That’s what
dialog: I mean by dirty. Come back when
dialog: you've done that.
text: Leon stands silent, not sure what to say.
scene_heading: INT. NEGATIVE SPACE GALLERY - ENTRANCE -- MOMENTS LATER 7
text: Leon stands in the entrance hall, still in a daze.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Is that it?
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: Hey, you got two minutes with
dialog: Susan Hoff. Know how many people
dialog: would suck off their uncles for
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: “I’m looking for the real heart
dialog: of the city.” What does that shit
dialog: sound like?
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: Like the kid who just stepped off
dialog: the bus.
scene_heading: INT. LEON’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 8
text: Leon sits up in bed. Maya is curled up against him.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: You know, sometimes I hate this
dialog: city.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Yeah, and some times you love it.
dialog: (beat) Come on, you're being too
text: negative. She left the door open
dialog: for you. That’s really
dialog: encouraging.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: No, it’s not fucking encouraging.
text: Maya smacks his chest.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Why are you so upset?
text: Leon doesn’t say anything.
dialog: Leon
dialog: Leon
dialog: each
dialog: Leon
dialog: Maya
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Because you think she’s probably
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I thought my stuff was good. Now
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: So you shoot something else.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I’m not sure.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You know how crazy that sounds?
dialog: Tell me you’re not afraid of
dialog: failing. That’s not it, right?
text: looks at her. She smiles.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: C'mon, what is it?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: It’s not failure. I don’t know.
dialog: Now I’m just not sure what I’m
dialog: looking for.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You're with me. I’11 help you
dialog: find it.
text: meets her smile. They kiss slowly, and snake against
text: other beneath the sheets. After a while, Maya pauses.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Come on, don’t tell me your dick
text: is sulking, too.
dialog: smirks.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: It does what it does.
text: tickles Leon until he has to laugh.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You're lucky I’ve got the early
dialog: shift at Otto’s tomorrow.
text: Maya kisses him, rolls over, and closes her eyes. Leon
text: stares vacantly at the ceiling.
scene_heading: INT. DARK SUBWAY CAR -- NIGHT 9
text: A dimly lit subway car moves through the darkness. No one
text: is on board, and there is no noise except the rumble of the
text: train speeding down the tracks. The walls and all fixtures
text: of the car have a brushed metallic sheen, and light from
text: the outside tunnels flashes the metal as the car rushes
dialog: along.
text: Overhead straps hang from the ceiling, and they move
text: slightly in rhythm with the train. A flash of light
text: reveals more of the straps: They’re not straps but sharp
text: metal hooks, like hooks used to hang sides of beef. The
text: train moves faster, and the hooks dance, slightly clanging.
text: Now the light changes again, and the hooks are hand straps,
text: just swinging, waving.
scene_heading: INT. LEON’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT 10
text: With a start, Leon opens his eyes. Sees where he is. He
text: carefully untangles himself from Maya, and slides out. The
text: train images were a nightmare. He shakes it off.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED STREET - NIGHT 11
text: Leon is on the prowl, camera in hand. He snaps a shot, but
text: the street is empty. Up ahead: the entrance to the subway.
scene_heading: INT. PERSHING SQUARE SUBWAY - ENTRANCE - NIGHT 12
text: Leon digs in his bag, looking for camera gear. He pulls
text: out his Leica and sees what’s around. Only a few people.
text: He swings the Leica up and shoots a HOMELESS MAN, plus two
text: other people walking behind him (MAHOGANY’S back and bag).
text: Then, abruptly, Leon hears a small scream.
text: He rounds the corner and sees a HIP GIRL. She’s surrounded
text: by THREE GANGBANGERS. Two are heavyset and tattooed, one
text: with a short scruffy beard. The LEADER is wiry freak with
text: nervous energy. He’s got a prison-style tear-drop tattoo
text: beneath his eye.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Gotta pay the toll first, bitch.
speaker_heading: HIP GIRL
dialog: Leave me alone, you asshole.
text: With this, the leader hood slams her against the wall and
text: grabs her throat with one hand. He pushes her chin up.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Then you’re going to have to pay
dialog: on your knees.
text: Leon watches from a distance.
text: The girl is scared now. She’s totally surrounded.
text: Laughing, the leader backs a few feet away from the girl.
text: In that moment, she turns and looks at Leon. Her eyes meet
text: his for the first time. Does she expect him to help?
text: Leon pulls up his Leica and --
text: Snap! The camera freezes her and the hoodlum locked
text: together in a primal urban stand-off.
text: They look at Leon. Snap! Leon captures the Hoodlum’s
text: surprise and anger, and the Girl’s fear and hope.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
text: The Hoodlum is in his face.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Give me the camera.
text: The Girl edges away from the gangbangers.
text: Leon looks like he’s ready to slug the Hoodlum. He’s not
text: even thinking about his camera, which he lowers to his
dialog: side. If he could put the camera somewhere safe, he’d hit
dialog: the guy.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: I said give me the camera!
text: The Leader steps forward and knocks Leon’s gear bag down.
text: The Leader waits for a reaction. Leon holds his ground.
text: Leon sees a surveillance camera above them. He points up at
dialog: the lens.
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: You're giving the cops a good
dialog: show.
text: The Leader looks up. He glares at Leon.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: You're dead, motherfucker.
text: The gangbangers take off. Leon calls to the Girl.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: You okay?
text: The Girl, shaken, looks behind Leon to the way she came.
speaker_heading: HIP GIRL
dialog: How long did you stand there
dialog: watching me almost get my throat
dialog: slit? You fucking asshole.
dialog: Leon was expecting gratitude?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Thank you very fucking much.
text: She pushes past him, running out the station to the tracks.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY STATION -- CONTINUOUS 13
text: CLOSE ON Leon, on the edge of the platform, shooting.
text: CLICK. He shots the Hip Girl. CLICK. CLICK. CLICK.
dialog: CLICK. Now we see what Leon has just shot --
text: POV on the car door: The image freezes as Hip Girl lunges
text: in the car. A few riders inside, a hand holds the door.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR - NIGHT 14
text: The doors of the car hiss as the Hip Girl lands inside.
text: We pull back: A LARGE HAND still holding the doors.
text: On the hand, a BRACELET OF TWISTED SILVER.
text: The HAND withdraws. The doors hiss shut.
text: CLOSE ON the Girl's face as she finds a seat.
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: HIP GIRL
dialog: Thanks. There's some real psychos
dialog: out there tonight.
text: Back to the LARGE HAND. We don’t see the hand’s owner.
text: The Hip Girl sits in her seat, relaxing as the train moves.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER 15
text: The Hip Girl sits in a nearly empty car, the other
text: passengers having departed. She’s at one end, and she’s
text: turned away from the other end. But someone is there.
text: At the back of the car, over her shoulder we see a LARGE
text: MAN sitting straight, not moving. We don’t see him
text: clearly, but he is huge. The Hip Girl doesn’t notice.
text: CLOSE ON a LEATHER BAG, on the floor by the man. A LARGE
text: HAND goes into the bag. It searches for something inside.
text: The hand extracts a LARGE HAMMER from the bag. Huge.
text: Back to the Hip Girl, who still has seen or heard nothing.
text: But now the LARGE MAN gets up and walks toward the Hip
text: Girl, toward us. As he gets close, he brings his arm up.
text: The LARGE MAN reaches the Hip Girl. The HAMMER above her.
text: WHAM! The LARGE MAN swings the HAMMER down and cracks the
text: Hip Girl’s head so hard it crunches like a soft melon.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY TUNNEL - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 16
text: The train roars through the underground.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - NIGHT - SAME 17
text: INSIDE THE TRAIN - on a seat: a plastic bag neatly filled
text: with the girls clothes.
text: Close on: the girls lips. Still. Mahogany’s hand removes
text: her lipstick with solvent.
text: A loud sound of metal as the train makes a change of track.
text: Mahogany looks up, then goes back to removing the lipstick.
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: INT. LEON’S APARTMENT - KITCHEN -—- DAY 18
text: Maya sits on the kitchen counter amidst dark room
text: equipment, in her underwear, legs wrapped around a standing
text: Leon. He kisses her neck, she looks to the side, seeing -
text: HER POV: a series of prints spread out on the counter.
text: CLOSE ON: the images of the gangbangers and the Hip Girl.
text: Leon keeps kissing her, but she pulls away, looking at the
text: photos of the Hip Girl and the Gangbangers. She points to
text: the first one, the girl in the photo staring directly at
text: Maya, the photo is chilling.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: When did you get these?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I took them last night.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You have to show these to Susan
dialog: Hoff. What you said she wants.
dialog: This is it.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: You think so?
text: Maya turns to face him. She is very serious.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: If it’s not, I hope I never see
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. OTTO’S RESTAURANT - DAY 19
text: A trendy downtown restaurant, with small tables arranged in
text: an airy open space. On one side, a grill and a small bar.
text: Maya serves Leon a leafy salad. He puts down his newspaper.
text: Leon smile back at Maya and takes out a small package of
text: deli paper from his bag. He unwraps it meticulously.
text: oTTo, 40's, the diner’s eccentric and boisterous owner-
text: operator, pauses by Leon. He gives Leon a hard look and
text: shakes his head.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Fuck no, I’m not doing that
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: C’mon, Otto, I’ll pay extra.
dialog: Just toss it on the grill.
text: Leon takes out a cold, gray tofu square from his deli wrap.
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: It’s bad for my reputation. This
dialog: is the best Philly cheese steak
dialog: in town. The tofu’ll fuck with
dialog: my grill. How about having one
dialog: of my specials instead?
text: Otto takes two steak flanks and tosses them on his grill.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Because I have respect for my
dialog: body, Otto. And for the cow.
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Don’t give me that bull. You want
dialog: to let your wimpy jelly loaf soak
dialog: up all my tasty grease.
text: With that, Otto takes a brimming cheese-steak sandwich from
text: his grill and hefts it. It’s enormous. The steak slices
text: are generous, and cheese and onions drip all over it.
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: My family opened this diner. My
dialog: heritage is in this cheese-steak.
dialog: If my nannouo, god rest, knew I
dialog: put that on his grill...
text: Otto shakes his head in disgust. Maya rolls her eyes at
text: Otto. Leon smiles.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Alright, alright. I won’t ask
dialog: again.
text: Leon picks up his paper on the counter as he finishes his
text: meal. He turns a page and sees a small photo in the metro
text: section. A pretty girl, chic but over-done. Like a model.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I think I just saw her.
text: Leon starts reading.
dialog: 20
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: LEON
text: She walked home from a club at
text: 2:00 in the morning. Now they
text: can’t find her. A model. She
text: was celebrating a magazine cover.
text: He takes a closer look. Holy shit: Now he remembers.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Maya. Look at this. I saw her
dialog: the other night.
text: Maya looks over at Leon, not sure what he means.
text: Leon stands trying to remember what happened.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I tried to apologize, but she
dialog: kept walking.
text: Leon starts gathering his stuff. He leaves the deli wrap
text: with the tofu, still open on Otto’s counter.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: To the police. I’1l show them the
dialog: pictures. Maybe they’1l help.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION -- OFFICE - DAY 20
text: Leon sits in a plastic chair. His photos of the Hip Girl
text: are spread on the desk separating him from DETECTIVE LYNN
text: HODGE, (late 40's) African-American. She points to the
dialog: gangbangers.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: These individuals ran off after
dialog: you made your presence known by
dialog: taking their picture.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I also pointed out that they were
dialog: being filmed by a surveillance
dialog: camera.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: And they ran off toward the
dialog: station entrance.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: What station was this again?
text: They've clearly been over this already. Leon controls his
dialog: frustration.
speaker_heading: LEON
text: The 14th Street station. Around
dialog: midnight.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: And Loretta ran off in the
text: opposite direction. Toward the
dialog: platform. You followed her. Saw
dialog: her board?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: But then you left.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I missed the train.
text: He gets uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I thought the photo might help
dialog: with the timing and all that.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: (nods )
dialog: So will the surveillance tape.
text: Leon stands up, feeling embarrassed.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Sounds like you’re all set then.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: You’d think she would’ve stuck
dialog: around for a while. To thank you,
dialog: for starters. From the looks of
dialog: it, it didn’t seem like you were
text: in a hurry. Holding out for the
dialog: best shot I guess?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I lose myself sometimes.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: You sell your pictures, or just
dialog: aspiring?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: What’s that mean?
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: (who's he kidding)
dialog: Loretta had a following. Some
dialog: sheet may pay for them.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Look, I didn’t know her.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: Why her then?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: If it’s not for money....do you
dialog: follow women?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: No, I shoot everything.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: So why’d you decide to follow
dialog: her? If you weren’t stalking.
text: Leon searches for an answer. Hodge holds his gaze.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: Trade secret? Okay, let’s stop
dialog: for now.
text: Hodge stands and gives Leon her card.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: Call me if you come up with an
dialog: answer. I’1l call you if there’s
dialog: anything on those tapes that
dialog: doesn’t jibe with your story.
dialog: 21
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - NIGHT 21
text: LEIGH and RANDLE COOPER, (30’s) healthy and sexy, well-
text: dressed out-of-towners, sit next to TROY TALEVESKI, 30s, a
text: slick stockbroker type in pristine condition.
text: Leigh looks around the car with obvious discomfort.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Don’t worry, Leigh. I ride this
dialog: all the time. They erased all
dialog: the graffiti about 20 years ago.
speaker_heading: RANDLE
dialog: I don’t think that’s what makes
dialog: Leigh nervous.
text: Troy knows Randle is just as nervous as Leigh. He grins.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Loosen up, you two. I took you to
dialog: a Broadway show. Now you’re
dialog: getting the underbelly of the New
dialog: York experience.
text: The train comes to a stop, and the doors slide open.
speaker_heading: RANDLE
dialog: Where is this place?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: You don’t want to know.
text: Troy smiles. He knows he's making the out-of-towners
dialog: nervous.
text: A group of Hip Hop KIDS stand up with their boom box.
text: Leigh clutches the hand strap, cowering behind Randle. Troy
text: bobs his head, trying to show the Kids he's down.
text: The Hip Hop Kids simply ignore them and file off the train.
text: As they clear the train, we see Mahogany sitting quietly in
text: the back. He is the only other person in the car. The train
text: moves on.
speaker_heading: RANDLE
dialog: How bad can it be?
text: Mahogany watches them, taking their measure.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: I know a restaurant critic who
dialog: won't cover it.
text: Randle raises his eyebrows at Leigh. She nervously smiles
text: back at him.
text: The train approaches another station, but rages by. Only
text: Leigh notices.
speaker_heading: LEIGH
dialog: Did we just miss a stop?
speaker_heading: RANDLE
dialog: (to Troy, ignoring Leigh)
dialog: Troy, we didn’t go on vacation to
dialog: get shot in a ghetto.
text: Leigh looks out the window. Then she looks at Mahogany.
text: Now Mahogany just stares straight ahead. Leigh breathes
dialog: deeply.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: You told me you wanted to
dialog: experience the culture, Randle.
dialog: And that’s what I’m going to
dialog: deliver.
text: The train rolls down the track, lights flickering on and
text: off. Blue sparks from the wheels dance against the tunnel
dialog: walls.
text: Leigh looks over at Randle, but he doesn’t return her gaze.
text: Mahogany suddenly lurches to his feet. He holds his arms
text: behind his back, concealing something.
text: Leigh watches him. The two guys face the other way.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: If your not up for it we could go
dialog: home. Leigh could cook us a
dialog: romantic dinner for three.
speaker_heading: RANDLE
dialog: What did I say about trying to
dialog: charm my wife into bed.
speaker_heading: LEIGH
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Randle?
text: The guys ignore her.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: I wouldn't dream of it. But with
dialog: anatomy like hers...
speaker_heading: RANDLE
dialog: (joking)
dialog: Watch it...
text: Mahogany moves fast, taking long strides down the center of
text: the car. Something glints behind him, something metal.
speaker_heading: LEIGH
dialog: Randle? RANDLE!
text: Randle and Troy turn as Leigh screams, but Mahogany is upon
text: them, raising his massive arms.
text: THUD! The steel hammer strikes Troy in the temple, knocking
text: him to the floor.
text: Mahogany spins gracefully, catching Randle in the gut with
text: a gigantic meat hook.
text: The train lurches, knocking Leigh to the ground.
text: Leigh screams as he lifts the meat hook up, hooking into
text: Randle's rib cage.
text: CLOSE on Randle's feet as Mahogany lifts him off the floor
text: above Troy's body.
text: The steel hammer finishes Randle with a sickening crunch.
text: He falls to the ground next to his friend.
speaker_heading: LEIGH
dialog: (whimpering)
dialog: Why are you doing this?
text: Mahogany pulls the meat hook out of Randle and turns,
text: walking towards Leigh.
text: Leigh scrambles away, knocking into his leather bag and
text: falling to the floor. Butcher tools spill across the car.
text: Leigh screams, trying to wrap her hand around a long
text: CARVING KNIFE. Mahogany comes up behind her. And just as
text: she is about to get a grip on the blade--
text: Mahogany grabs her ankles, pulling her backwards like a
text: squealing calf.
dialog: 22
text: A glint of metal above her head, the arc of the
dialog: 22.
dialog: steel
text: hammer. THUD! She drops to the ground, legs twitching,
dialog: silent.
text: The lights flicker as the train clatters down the track.
scene_heading: INT. NEGATIVE SPACE GALLERY - NIGHT
dialog: 22
text: Leon sits with Susan Hoff. She flips through a folder of
text: Leon's latest prints and stops on one of the pictures of
dialog: Loretta Dryer.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Talk to me about it.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: (defying her)
dialog: It is what it is.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: This is the singer the police are
dialog: looking for? What’d you tell
dialog: them?
text: She gives Leon a look like he has something to confess.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I just happened to be there. I
dialog: shot what I saw.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: So you were lucky? Or you saw
dialog: something. Something no one else
text: saw. A girl about to vanish.
text: She gives him a look, like he knows more. Leon
text: completely uncomfortable now.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I'm starting to see a point of
text: view. Still tentative. But
dialog: different.
text: She looks into his eyes.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Not the “heart of the city.” But
dialog: that was just bullshit.
text: She now has a firm grip on his arm and moves in
dialog: is
dialog: close.
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I have a group show up next. I
dialog: can add a few of your shots.
dialog: 23.
text: Leon is ready to explode, but he doesn’t want to blow this.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: It will be tight... but you have
dialog: enough time to gather one or two
dialog: more. Another strong one like
dialog: this.
scene_heading: INT. OTTO’S RESTAURANT - LATER - NIGHT
text: Leon, Maya, and Jurgis, all a bit drunk, sit in
text: booth, Maya almost in Leon’s lap. Leon tries to
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: (lifting his glass)
dialog: I owe you. Both of you. You
dialog: believed in this....
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: That’s because you’re great.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Hold on, I’ve got to deliver the
dialog: show. She wants more work.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Don’t worry so much.
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: She's right.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Besides, now it’s not about the
dialog: work, it’s about spin.
text: Leon and Maya exchange glances.
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: I know this writer who covers the
dialog: galleries for a bunch of the
dialog: glossies. He’s an arrogant little
dialog: dick-head but I’1l convince him
dialog: you're the new Weegee and he’1l
dialog: review your exhibition as if it
dialog: was the second coming.
dialog: 23
dialog: a corner
dialog: be serious.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Man, that’d be great. But if he’s
dialog: going to write a good review, I
dialog: want him to like the work.
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: Leon, he’s a fucking journalist.
dialog: What does his opinion matter as
dialog: long as he spells your name
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: Jurgis.
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: Listen. Susan is mercurial, her
dialog: friends are fickle. You need to
dialog: stay ahead of her. We could give
dialog: her a little scare.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Hold it. I don’t want to get
dialog: ahead of anything.
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: Fine. But a friend of mine at
dialog: Gagosian asked about you. You
dialog: don’t have to meet her of course,
dialog: if you don’t want to.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Do you know any art dealers that
dialog: aren’t woman?
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: Plenty, but all the powerful ones
dialog: are female. And usually quite
dialog: attractive.
text: He smiles at Maya, shining her on.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Did I ever tell you you're evil
dialog: Jurgis?
text: Jurgis smiles benignly. Maya puts her arm around Leon.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: It may be a good evil though.
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET -- LATER - NIGHT 24
text: Four in the morning. No one is out. Leon walks down an
text: old street. Behind him, the Pershing Square subway.
text: Ahead, closed store fronts, rundown residential hotels.
text: He finds a bench and sits down. A shrug. What did he
dialog: think he’d find at this hour? Even bad guys go to bed. He
text: leans back, like he might doze off. Shuts his eyes.
text: Then, very quietly at first, footsteps echo on a staircase.
text: They are coming up from the Pershing Square subway station.
text: Camera up, Leon jumps up from the bench and ducks behind
text: it. He lines up the subway entrance in his viewfinder.
text: LEON’S POV: A large dark shape fills the frame, walking.
text: POV: The camera lifts slightly, and we see an immense head.
text: CLICK. Leon takes a shot. CLICK. He takes another.
text: The man he catches is MAHOGANY. A big man in his 50’s with
text: a crisp white shirt, dark brown suit, and hair oiled back.
text: He holds a leather bag, and, eyes straight ahead, he walks
text: alone along the sidewalk on the other side of the street.
text: Leon is fascinated. He takes a few more shots until
text: Mahogany crosses a street a half block away from Leon.
text: Leon lets him walk another twenty feet before he follows.
text: He keeps close to buildings, but Mahogany doesn’t look
text: behind him. Mahogany moves very fast for a large man.
text: In a few quick strides, Mahogany rounds a corner. Leon
text: breaks into a run, stops at the corner, and then turns.
scene_heading: EXT. AROUND THE CORNER - NIGHT 25
text: No one is on the street. Leon swings to his side and--
text: SLAMS INTO MAHOGANY. Mahogany’s bag dropping to the ground.
text: Leon's busted. He backs off, then stops, disarmed by the
text: big man’s look. Did Mahogany know he had been followed?
text: Mahogany stares right at him, inspecting him -- the cat
text: who’s caught the mouse? Leon holds his camera down.
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Sorry Mister, I just wanted a
dialog: picture of you. Sometimes I don’t
dialog: even think about it.
text: Leon notices Mahogany’s wrist, a TWISTED METAL BRACELET
text: against his starched sleeves. A small moon and star.
text: Then Leon’s eyes shift down to the bag on the ground. CLOSE
text: on the engraved “Mahogany.” The bag is closed.
text: Noting Leon’s look, Mahogany picks his leather bag up. We
text: hear the clang of something metallic and heavy inside.
text: Mahogany hefts the bag, and the clang is more pronounced.
text: Leon looks up, reacting to the gesture, still nervous. He
text: stares at the heavy bag and sees Mahogany’s large hand --
text: Is that a small spot of red on his wrist? Leon freezes.
text: Leon takes a step back, suddenly afraid.
text: Mahogany cracks a thin smile and shakes his head no. His
text: gaze locked on Leon. A chill runs down Leon's spine.
text: Mahogany turns and continues down the street. He reaches
text: the stone staircase of a residential hotel and goes up.
text: Leon stands there, as if he stepped in front of a bus.
scene_heading: INT. LEON’S APARTMENT - DAY - LATER 26
text: Leon stands at his sink, fingering through a stack of
text: prints. He pulls out all his shots of Loretta Dryer and
text: looks them over. He sees something he hadn’t noticed: In
text: his shot of the Homeless Man, there is a large man in a
text: brown suit, seen from the back, carrying a leather satchel.
text: Leon squints, then pulls out his last shot of the Hip Girl
text: getting on the train. He sees the big hand holding the
text: door. On the wrist, a thin line. A metal bracelet. Is
text: that a moon, or just a smudge? No, just a smudge.
text: Leon lowers the print, wondering about the connection.
scene_heading: EXT. MAHOGANY’S RESIDENTIAL HOTEL - EVENING 27
text: Mahogany exits the building and walks down the street.
text: Leon peeks out of a doorway. He waits a beat, then follows.
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: EXT. INDUSTRIAL BUILDING -- LATER 28
text: Leon, half a block behind, watches Mahogany approach a
text: small, nondescript industrial building. He vanishes inside.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVE WAY -- LOADING DOCK -- CONTINUOUS 29
text: Around the side of the building, a truck is parked at a
text: loading dock. Leon walks up, doesn’t see anyone nearby.
text: Leon jumps up onto the dock and looks into the building.
scene_heading: INT. INDUSTRIAL BUILDING -- PACKING FLOOR -- CONTINUOUS 30
text: Leon sees CONVEYORS and a PACKING FLOOR running full tilt.
text: BUTCHERS in blue coveralls weigh and split giant beef
text: carcasses hanging from METAL HOOKS. They slice through the
text: bones and hack away the fat with SAWS and CLEAVERS.
dialog: It’s a meat packing plant.
text: Leon is amazed. He lifts up his camera to get a shot.
text: CLICK! Intestines fall into a stainless steel cart. CLICK!
text: Blood is squeegeed through metal grates. CLICK! A bone saw
text: sends a cloud of white dust in the air. The dust settles.
text: Suddenly, at the rear, Mahogany emerges from a locker room,
text: putting on blue coveralls. Leon jumps back a few feet.
text: Mahogany, butcher’s apron on, reaches for a side of beef
text: the size of a man. Without stopping, he wraps his arms
text: around it in a gesture like a hug and lifts it like a
text: pillow. He easily tosses it five feet onto a cutting rack.
text: Leon reacts, intimidated.
scene_heading: EXT. MEAT PACKING PLANT -- LATER 31
text: Leon waits by the corner, watching the entrance.
text: Mahogany exits, bag in hand. Leon reacts and follows.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY STATION -- PLATFORM -- NIGHT - LATER 32
text: Mahogany stands back away from a group of riders on the
text: platform. He seems to be watching them, measuring them.
dialog: 33
dialog: 28.
text: Now we see Leon. Camera down, he’s even further back. He
text: watches Mahogany, standing at a distance so he isn’t seen.
text: Mahogany scans the riders like a hawk. We see his eyes.
text: POV: A well dressed man and a woman. Then a man in an
text: overcoat, distracted, with a paper. An athletic guy.
text: Back to Leon, wondering. On his gaze, the sound of a train.
text: CLOSE ON the doors of a subway car as they open. The
text: athletic guy enters. Mahogany follows right behind.
text: Back to Leon, who steps forward. Suddenly --
text: -- A hand grabs his shoulder. A big STATION COP.
speaker_heading: STATION COP
dialog: Hey, what’s this?
text: The cop jerks Leon’s camera away from him.
speaker_heading: STATION COP
dialog: What’re you taking pictures of?
text: The hiss of the subway doors. Leon turns, they’re closed.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - NIGHT - LATER 33
text: The passengers have thinned. Mahogany sits in the back,
text: quietly observing the last few riders as they depart.
text: A GUARDIAN ANGEL comes through from a rear car. He cocks a
text: finger and fires at Mahogany, who smiles back.
text: The Guardian Angel walks to the front, watching as stations
text: whiz by outside. He looks confused. The train is not
text: slowing down. He leans down, looking out the window.
speaker_heading: GUARDIAN ANGEL
dialog: Why didn’t it stop -
text: The Guardian Angel turns around. Mahogany is there holding
text: his stainless steel hammer. The hammer comes down.
text: WHACK! The Guardian Angel hits the floor.
text: Mahogany looms over the Guardian Angel, ready to finish the
text: kill. Suddenly, pain rips through his guts. He drops the
text: hammer, coughing blood onto the floor.
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 29.
text: CLOSE as the Guardian Angel's eyes pop open - red with
text: exploded blood vessels, burning with rage. He leaps to his
text: feet, howling like a wounded animal, reaching for something
text: in his sock. A curved hunting knife.
text: Mahogany regains control and side steps at the last second.
text: The knife slices into his arm.
text: Mahogany bellows, grabbing the Guardian Angel's wrist,
text: snapping his arm backwards. CRACK! The bone shatters. The
text: Guardian Angel screams and drops his knife.
text: The train rounds a corner and speeds up.
text: The two men smash against the seats, trying to find enough
dialog: balance to kill the other.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN DRIVER'S CAB - NIGHT -— CONTINUOUS 34
text: From the front cab, the DRIVER of the train can hear the
text: sounds of a struggle coming from the car behind him. He
text: slows the train a bit. And gets up from his seat. A thin
text: man wearing a Transit Authority uniform, the Driver has a
text: craggy and nicked face with the pallor of a man who spends
text: little time in the sun. He’s skinny but looks muscular.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN -- NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 35
text: He opens the door to the car. The chaos in front of him is
text: shocking. Two men struggling to kill each other, the
text: Guardian Angel seems to be getting the upper hand.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN DRIVER'S CAB - NIGHT -— CONTINUOUS 36
text: The Driver, leaving the door open, calmly goes back into
text: his cab. He reaches into a compartment and pulls out a
text: small Glock automatic.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 37
text: The Driver, straight faced, quickly walks up to the two
text: men. Both men are on their knees. The Guardian Angel
text: closest to him.
text: Mahogany sees his hammer, then he sees the driver walking
text: toward them with a gun. Mahogany reaches for the hammer,
dialog: just as--
dialog: 38
dialog: 30.
text: The Driver raises the Glock to the back of the Guardian
text: Angel’s head.
text: POP! The flash of the gun fills the car.
text: The train races on.
text: The Guardian Angel drops to the ground. His legs twitching
text: against the steel floor.
text: Mahogany clutches his arm. He checks the wound. Blood
text: spurts onto the floor. He looks up to the driver.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Clean up the mess. Get yourself
dialog: patched up, you're not going to
dialog: make it.
scene_heading: INT. OTTO’S RESTAURANT -- NIGHT 38
text: Maya locks the front door of the diner and turns off some
text: of the overhead lights. As she walks past the counter,
text: something catches her eye. A small black box. A jewelry
text: box. She stops, and reaches out for the small item, just as-
text: A MAN GRABS HER FROM BEHIND. MAYA YELPS OUT IN FEAR. She
text: spins around swinging, the assailant is - LEON.
text: He laughs wildly.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You asshole! How did you get in
dialog: here?
text: She hits his chest with her balled up fist.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Your spare key from home.
text: She collects herself. Despite her shaken state - she is
text: happy to see him.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Don’t worry, it’s not an
dialog: engagement ring. I wouldn’t
text: propose in Otto’s kitchen.
text: She grabs the box.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I can’t afford one of those...
dialog: not yet.
text: Maya pops open the box. Inside is a PROMISE RING. Two bands
text: - off centered and not quite touching. In the middle is a
text: small flower shaped diamond. Almost resembling a star.
text: She takes the ring from the box and slides it on her
dialog: finger.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I was iffy on the fitting, but it
dialog: looks pretty good.
text: Maya kisses Leon.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: It fits great...
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I want you to know how much you
dialog: mean to me. How important it is
dialog: to me that we found each other,
dialog: especially in a big city like
dialog: this. I want to share everything
dialog: with you, every moment that lies
dialog: ahead.
text: She looks at him deeply and kisses him again with even more
dialog: affection.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Thanks, baby...
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: If Otto knew we were doing this
dialog: here, he’d probably have a heart
dialog: attack. He doesn’t have cameras
dialog: in here does he?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: No...
text: Leon leans in close to Maya - reaching past her and sliding
text: his hand across the surface of the counter. He looks at his
text: hand - GREASE staining his finger tips. Then he feels
text: something. He pulls back from the grill to look Maya in the
dialog: eyes-—
text: She’s undone the top button of his jeans. She pulls his
dialog: zipper down.
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 32.
text: Leon doesn’t waste time. He kisses her - biting her bottom
text: lip. She lets out a small seductive squeal. Leon slides up
text: her skirt around her upper thighs and lifts her up onto the
text: counter. He tugs her cotton underwear to the side and
text: thrusts inside her. She sighs heavily.
scene_heading: INT. DARK SUBWAY CAR -- NIGHT 39
text: A small dark red hole. So dark it’s almost black.
text: It's dried blood, congealed around a small bullet hole.
text: We pull back to see the head of the Guardian Angel.
text: He’s hanging upside down. His face is a pale mask, the
text: bullet hole the only dark spot in his waxy forehead.
text: Beneath his head, his shirt is neatly folded on his shoes.
text: We move up and see the rest of his body without skin. His
text: skin has been neatly peeled off, exposing muscle and bone.
text: Except for one place. A thin vertical strip of skin
text: remains, just an inch sliver of pale pink left on his
text: suspended body.
text: Two large hands in plastic gloves enter the frame. They
text: hold a scalpel. In one precise move, the strip of flesh is
text: peeled away, neatly. The body now resembles an anatomical
dialog: model.
text: We track down to the ground by his head. There is another
text: head hanging upsidedown next to him. The difference --
text: The second head has two wide-open eyes filled with horror.
text: A gag in place in the victim’s mouth, no scream can be
text: heard, but the head belongs to a MAN WHO IS STILL ALIVE.
text: Trembling.
text: Beneath the man, a shirt folded on a pair of shoes. We
text: track along the floor. A second folded shirt. And then a
text: large spray of blood.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TUNNEL -- NIGHT 40
text: The train roars through the tunnel. As it flickers by, we
text: catch a glimpse of SIX NAKED BODIES, hanging upside down -
text: and then the train is gone.
dialog: 4l
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: INT. LEON’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 4l
text: CLOSE ON something red which explodes and splashes juice.
text: Leon slices a tomato on a cutting board, drops the slices
text: into a large salad bowl filled with lettuce.
text: Maya enters Leon’s work area on her way to the kitchen.
text: She stops as something catches her eyes.
text: Pictures line the walls. All tacked up neatly. ALL OF
speaker_heading: MAHOGANY.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Leon, what’s this? Is this for
dialog: your show?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: No, he’s a butcher. He was at
dialog: the station when Loretta Dryer
dialog: vanished. I photographed him.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: There’s something disturbing
dialog: about him.
text: She reacts.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You're right about that. Leon,
dialog: what’s wrong with you? You
dialog: should be focusing on your show.
text: Leon meets eyes with her and then averts her gaze.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You went to the police with your
dialog: photos. Whatever is going on,
dialog: they'll figure it out.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Or they won't.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: It’s not your problem. I’m your
dialog: problem. Can you please let this
dialog: go? Please Leon. For me.
text: He smiles at her, reflecting.
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Yes.
text: We stay on Leon as Maya walks to the cabinet and pulls down
text: dishes from a shelf. We see that his yes means no.
scene_heading: INT. DARK SUBWAY CAR -- NIGHT 42
text: A dark shape hangs from the ceiling of an otherwise empty
text: subway car. It trembles like a slender cocoon, shaking and
text: writhing. But it is a body with its hands tied up. We've
text: seen this car before: Metal hooks hang from the ceiling.
text: A large man seen only from the back approaches the hanging
text: body, and he holds the body still with one gloved hand.
text: The man now runs his hand over the body, which jerks in
text: response. Suddenly, we see the man’s other hand. Also
text: gloved, it holds a long, glistening blade. The man thrusts
text: it in the body.
text: Now we see the victim clearly for the first time --
dialog: It’s Leon.
text: His face filled with terror, he reacts in agony to the
dialog: blow.
scene_heading: INT. LEON’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 43
text: Leon's eyes are open. He knows it was a nightmare, but he
text: is deeply disturbed. Anxious, he just stares at the
dialog: ceiling.
text: He looks over at Maya, in bed next to him. Sound asleep.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY -- MICROFICHE CUBICLE -- AFTERNOON 44
text: Leon sits at an old library cubicle, lit poorly by a soft
text: amber overhead. He runs microfiche on an old-style fiche
text: reader, with images hand-cranked on a white screen.
text: He stops on a newspaper front page, type a bit blurred.
text: The headline is simple: “BUTCHER HELD IN KILLINGS.”
text: CLOSE ON the headline date: December 19, 1895.
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - BATHROOM -- EVENING 45
text: Mahogany’s face appears in a bathroom mirror. He runs a
text: comb through his hair, washes the comb, puts it on the
text: sink. A splash of cologne on his cheeks. The cologne goes
text: back in a cabinet, its place is marked with a thin outline.
text: Mahogany nudges the bottle to perfection with his finger.
text: A muscular shoulder comes into the frame. We reveal more
text: of the shoulder, until we see a gauze bandage. He curls
text: the bandage back, and we see a growth, like a boil. It is
text: flat but large, composed of barnacle-like bubbles. They
text: are moist, glistening. Are they moving? He examines them.
text: Now he pulls open a drawer, and we see an assortment of
text: scalpels, neatly arrayed by size in a cutlery rack. He
text: takes one in his hand and pushes it into the edge of the
text: growth, cutting underneath. A line of blood appears, but
text: he cuts further. He peels the growth off as he shaves it.
text: He places the shaving into a green glass bottle, then
text: screws it tightly shut. He places it in another drawer,
text: and we see a collection of green bottles, each filled.
text: Then he is wracked by a cough, deep enough to cause him to
text: lean over. He reaches into the cabinet and takes out a
text: dark pill bottle. He opens it, takes one, straightens up.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET BY PACKING PLANT - DAY 46
text: Mahogany crosses the empty street to the packing plant.
text: A moment later, Leon emerges from the shadows. He sneaks
text: around the back of the plant.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN PACKING FLOOR - DAY 47
text: Leon climbs through a window onto a ledge slightly above
text: the packing floor. His camera in his hand, he jumps to the
dialog: ground.
text: He sneaks forward, hiding behind a column. Now he readies
text: his camera, spying through columns on the Workers opposite.
text: His first sight of the full floor stuns him. The
text: production line is running full tilt. A powerful stench
text: rises from the line. Not a rotting stench. Rather, a
text: steam of blood drops.
text: It almost overwhelms Leon, who feels the blood like a mist.
dialog: 36.
text: Leon swings up his camera and looks through the lens:
text: POV: A man in a white coat, clearly the boss, looks across
text: the floor at his crew, but he doesn’t say a word. Another
text: worker, a butcher, gives the boss a look, but he turns
dialog: away.
text: Leon slowly pans his camera, snapping photos: blood and
text: guts, bones and hooks, the machines grinding out processed
dialog: meat.
text: THROUGH LENS: We track across the length of the production
text: line, seeing the conveyor chains which pull the lines
text: along. Now we tilt down slightly, and a LARGE FACE fills
dialog: the frame.
text: MAHOGANY stares directly at us, eyes looking into the lens.
text: Leon reacts. Mahogany has caught him.
text: But maybe not. Mahogany turns away, walking out of frame.
text: Leon follows him with the lens.
text: POV: Mahogany stands at a tool bench and looks for
text: something. He picks up a large knife and examines it. He
dialog: twists it.
text: Now Mahogany looks directly at us once more. He must see
dialog: us.
text: Leon jumps back, hyperventilating. Mahogany moves quickly
text: across the floor, carrying the knife he got at the bench.
text: Leon makes a quick break, running back along the inside
dialog: wall.
text: He backtracks to the window he came through, and he sees --
text: Two men in butcher coats blocking his path.
text: Leon hides behind a column, unable to see the floor. He
text: leans around the column. Mahogany stands just ten feet
dialog: away.
text: Leon moves back behind the column. He checks the window.
text: The two men still block his path to the window. He waits.
text: He leans out again and sees --
text: Mahogany is walking toward him. Leon sees a side hallway.
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY - CONTINUOUS 48
text: Leon runs down the corridor, trying all the doors. He
text: finds an open one and slips inside. It is a small meat
dialog: locker.
scene_heading: INT. MEAT LOCKER - DAY - CONTINUOUS 49
text: Leon turns around: A few CARCASSES hang from hooks.
text: Condensation rises from the cold, wet floor. The sound of
text: dripping blood echoes against the metal walls.
text: Footsteps in the hallway. Mahogany approaches. Leon looks
text: for an escape, but there is only the one door.
text: Leon pushes into the meat. A sound behind. The door
text: opens.
text: Leon grabs onto a chain and pulls himself a few feet up.
text: Mahogany moves down the side, using the hook to move the
text: beef aside. He crouches to check under the meat. No one
dialog: there.
text: Leon desperately hangs onto the chain, his arms shaking.
text: Drip, drip, drip. Something hits Leon's forehead. He looks
text: up: a piece of meat swings above him.
text: Leon almost drops. Mahogany grunts, pushing through the
dialog: meat.
text: Leon almost slips on the chain. Mahogany's shoes are
text: closer. Then the shoes walk away. We hear steps, then
dialog: none.
text: Leon aches to let go of the chain, but he waits. No sound.
text: He takes a breath....and drops to the floor. No one there.
dialog: He turns --
text: -- And Mahogany is standing right before him. A few feet.
text: The two men stare eye to eye for just a second. Then --
text: Leon bolts, running as fast as he can to the door, slipping
text: once on the floor but lunging ahead. He’s out the door.
text: Leon hits the plant floor -- but Mahogany is right behind.
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 38.
text: Leon sees the overhear production track across the aisle,
text: and he throws himself at the closest hook. He cuts his
text: hand, but the hook jerks him a few feet ahead of Mahogany.
text: Leon jumps down and turns. Mahogany has crossed the gap.
text: Leon runs as fast as he can through hanging sides of beef,
text: slipping once but not stopping. Mahogany lunges after him.
text: Leon reaches the open truck dock at the same time as his
text: pursuer -- but Leon sees an open bed truck pulling out.
scene_heading: EXT. MEAT PLANT -- LOADING DOCK -- CONTINUOUS 50
text: Leon throws himself into the open bed of the truck as it
text: accelerates. Mahogany makes a hard stop at the dock.
text: Mahogany just stands still. Just watching, not moving.
scene_heading: INT. LEON’S APARTMENT -- SHOWER - LATER THAT AFTERNOON 51
text: Leon stands under the shower, the water pounding against
text: his head. Leon scrubs his hands with a brush. The blood and
text: filth is gone but he keeps scrubbing, harder and harder.
scene_heading: INT. OTTO’S RESTAURANT - DAY 52
text: A slab of raw meat hits the griddle. The juices quickly
text: sear against the heat.
text: Maya is busy with a table of patrons. Jurgis is at the
text: counter, Otto’s at the grill.
text: Leon comes in the front door, sits down next to Jurgis.
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: What happened to you today? No
dialog: phone call, no interview?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Sorry Jurgis, I completely
dialog: flaked.
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: Can I say something to you
dialog: without you taking it the wrong
dialog: way? You look like shit.
text: Otto sets down Jurgis’s rare meat patty and a side salad.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I’m fine.
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: You still look like shit.
text: Leon stares down at Jurgis’s plate.
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: This is what you need.
dialog: Nourishment. Real nourishment.
dialog: You want some?
text: Leon hesitates.
text: Jurgis neatly cuts off a quarter of his burger with a knife
text: and fork. Then he offers the piece to Leon.
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: You don’t have to feel bad about
dialog: the cow. That cow lived in
dialog: comfort and died in its sleep.
text: Leon gives Jurgis an “as if” look.
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: C’mon, cows don’t worry about it.
dialog: They know they’re not the top of
dialog: the food chain.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: How do you know we’re the top of
dialog: the food chain?
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Well, if we aren’t, they’d have
dialog: to get past me.
text: Then Leon opens the bun and take out the piece of beef.
text: It’s cooked rare. A glistening trail of shiny grease runs
text: down Leon’s finger. He experimentally licks it off. Then he
text: bites into the bloody beef.
text: Jurgis and Otto trade a surprised look.
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: It melts, right? Like butter?
text: Leon nods, his eyes glazed over for a moment. Then he
text: swallows. He’s silent, wheels turning in his head.
dialog: 53
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: (to Otto)
dialog: Otto, I’1l take one of my own.
scene_heading: INT. LEON'S APARTMENT - LATER THAT DAY 53
text: Maya’s purse still hangs on her shoulder. She stands by
text: the door, uncertain, as Leon reorganizes some photos. He
text: doesn’t notice her.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You look like shit.
text: Leon hangs up new photos on the wall. He turns around. She
text: tosses her purse down.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: You’re the second person who’s
dialog: said that to me today.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: But I’m the first person who
dialog: cares.
text: She steps closer, puts her hand on his shoulder. She pushes
text: his hair away from his forehead. Then-
text: She looks past him, at the photos on the wall. The photos
text: are incredibly intense. ALL OF MAHOGANY AND THE MEAT PLANT.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: These aren’t for your show, are
dialog: they?
text: Maya pulls down a photo, tosses it, and walks away.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I asked you to stop this. And
dialog: you agreed you would.
text: Seeing her concern, he becomes more serious.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I think I know what’s going on.
dialog: People disappear for all sorts of
dialog: reasons. But it’s random, right?
text: Maya gives him her sternest look.
speaker_heading: LEON
text: In this area, by the subway, it’s
dialog: not. There’s a cluster.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: LEON (cont'd)
dialog: I checked. I think this guy is
dialog: doing something. He takes people
text: from the train and does something
text: to them. At the meat plant.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Does what, Leon?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: He dismembers them. That’s why
dialog: they aren’t found.
text: Maya gives him a grim look, then she just laughs.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: So they’re hamburger?
dialog: (straight face)
dialog: Otto had a bad batch last week,
dialog: but he tossed it.
text: Leon isn’t laughing. Now Maya watches him carefully. He
text: lifts a folder from his table and pulls out a photo.
text: CLOSE ON an older, weathered version of the meat plant.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I pulled it from an architectural
dialog: survey. The place has been here
dialog: since the nineteenth century.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Leon.
text: Leon takes another sheet from the folder -- a clipping.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Enough....
text: She stands before him, puts a hand on his arm.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: No, look what I found.
text: The clipping is a copy of a newspaper article, an old one
dialog: by its typeface.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I went to the TIMES. Their old
dialog: stuff isn’t online yet.
text: CLOSE ON an old headline and front page article --
dialog: 42.
dialog: April 11, 1896, Meat Company Butcher Cleared of Charges of
dialog: 
dialog: Cannibalism: “The city attorney has concluded his highly
dialog: confidential investigation of claims by a company employee
dialog: that local butcher engaged in murder and cannibalism...
dialog: “The city attorney's office was never able to connect the
dialog: butcher with any of the city’s many missing persons, nor
dialog: establish where the allegedly ill-gotten meat went...”
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (staring at it)
dialog: It’s from a century ago.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: That's right, but the same
dialog: packing plant. A butcher was
dialog: accused of murder.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: A hundred years ago! What are
dialog: you thinking? It’s the same guy?
dialog: That’s he’s reincarnated?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: No, just that it’s happened
dialog: before. It’s too weird. It
dialog: can’t be a coincidence.
text: She can’t believe how stupid this sounds.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: There are no vampires.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: That’s not what I mean.
text: Leon points back to the wall of Mahogany shots.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: This guy is involved, I know it.
dialog: I’ve seen him, I’ve looked in his
text: eyes, it’s more than an instinct.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: This is too stupid. Nothing is
dialog: happening. Please stop. For me.
text: Leon wraps his arms around her. She looks at the camera
text: on the table. She touches his face and looks in his eyes.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Come on, shoot something you
dialog: like.
text: She motions to the camera. She backs away from him. She
text: leans against the sink. She unbuttons her blouse and skirt.
text: Leon reaches for the camera. His face is serious. He gets
text: up from the table. Backs away from her. Raises the camera
text: to his eye.
text: Maya’s skirt drops to the floor. She slips her feet out of
text: them. She puts her head down.
text: LEON’S POV: Her hair covering her face. Leon snaps a
dialog: picture.
text: She looks up to him. Her eyes meeting the lens. She's
text: beautiful. Vulnerable. Leon snaps a picture.
text: She pulls her shirt up over her head. Leon snaps a picture.
text: She stands there. Nearly naked. In her underwear and her
text: bra. Simple, refreshing to Leon. He snaps a picture-
dialog: But this time -
text: As the flash bounces off her skin. An image burns in Leon’s
text: eyes. A flash of horror in his mind. Meat. Blood. Death. He
text: shakes it off.
text: Maya reaches back - starts to unhook her bra. Leon snaps a
text: picture. The flash. Again, a brief image of horror. A brief
text: flash of Susan Hoff.
text: Maya lets her bra fall from her shoulders, but she keeps
text: herself covered. Looking right into her eyes this time, he
text: snaps another picture.
text: A flash of horror again, Mahogany. Leon physically jumps
dialog: for a moment.
text: He shakes it off, but immediately stops.
text: He lowers the camera away from his face. A look of distress
text: in his eyes.
text: Maya suddenly feels very self conscious. She fastens her
text: bra. Looks down to the ground with a brief sense of shame.
text: 54 INT.
dialog: Maya
dialog: back
dialog: Maya
dialog: Maya
dialog: Otto
dialog: Maya
dialog: Leon
dialog: Otto
scene_heading: OTTO’S RESTAURANT —- NIGHT
dialog: 44,
dialog: 54
text: unloads two plates to be washed. A feisty Otto leans
text: from the other side.
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: (to Maya)
dialog: Jurgis showed me a picture of
dialog: that art woman Hoff, from his
dialog: magazine. I’d like to meet that
dialog: one in the flesh, if you know
dialog: what I mean.
text: is agitated.
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: You better keep an eye on your
dialog: Leon. He might have his hands
text: full. Both of them.
text: is not in the mood.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Otto. Just get me my next order.
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: I'm joking with you, it’s a joke.
text: glances up at the front door. Leon has just come in.
text: looks at Leon, then back to Otto. Leon comes up.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: (to Maya)
dialog: Can I talk to you a minute? I’m
dialog: sorry about yesterday.
text: stares back at Otto, hoping he’ll give Maya a break.
text: gives an unsympathetic look and heads for the kitchen.
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: (walking)
dialog: My hands are full.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (busy)
dialog: Is later okay?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: You were right, that’s what I
dialog: wanted to say.
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 45.
text: She gives him a warm kiss, but has to get back to work. She
text: breaks the moment and heads off.
text: Leon drops his shoulders and sits at the counter. He
text: thinks about a cup of coffee. Then he turns to the door.
text: THE FRONT DOOR IS FILLED WITH AN IMMENSE SHAPE --
text: A HUGE MAN IN A SUIT, STANDING OUTSIDE, BLOCKS THE WINDOW.
speaker_heading: MAHOGANY.
text: Leon reacts. But Mahogany doesn’t enter. He just looks
text: in. Straight at Leon. Maya crosses in front, but his
text: stare is fixed on Leon. Leon gets up from the counter.
text: Mahogany doesn’t move. Then he walks away from the door.
text: Leon looks at the door. He thinks a second, then follows.
scene_heading: INT. PERSHING SQUARE STATION - NIGHT 55
text: Walking through the station, Mahogany stops and turns.
text: Leon ducks into an alcove, trying not to be seen.
text: Mahogany turns back and goes on. Leon waits a beat, then
text: reappears from the alcove. He hurries after Mahogany.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - LATER THAT NIGHT 56
text: Leon follows Mahogany between cars, staying back.
text: Late night riders exit the train: Club Kids, Drunks,
text: Cleaning Ladies and Businessmen, Cops. Flowing on and off.
text: The train leaves the station. Leon waits patiently in the
text: back car, watching Mahogany through the doors.
text: A VOICE behind Leon startles him.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: M&M's. You want some M&M's?
text: Two SCRAWNY BLACK KIDS holding boxes of candy. Leon shakes
text: his head no, waving the kids away.
speaker_heading: SCRAWNY KID 1
dialog: Whatever.
dialog: 57
dialog: 46.
text: The Kids move into the next car. One of them approaches
text: Mahogany. The lights on the train flicker on and off.
text: Plunging the car into darkness momentarily.
speaker_heading: SCRAWNY KID 1
dialog: You want to buy some M&M's,
dialog: mister?
text: Mahogany stares at the kid, not responding. The lights
text: flicker again. Kid 2 notices something he doesn’t like
text: about Mahogany. Something in his eyes that scares him.
text: Kid 2 leans in close to kid 1.
speaker_heading: SCRAWNY KID 2
dialog: Go to someone else.
text: Kid 1 just ignores him.
speaker_heading: SCRAWNY KID 1
dialog: Come on, man. Buy some M&M's.
text: Mahogany leans forward, reaching for his leather bag.
text: Leon moves to the door, ready to rush in.
speaker_heading: SCRAWNY KID 1
dialog: Suck my dick, cheap ass!
text: The lights flicker again - plunging the car into darkness,
text: longer this time. Kid 2 pulls on Kid 1’s shoulder. The
text: lights come back on.
text: The train slows.
text: The Kids move to exit at the station.
text: They look back toward Mahogany and quickly run from the
text: train. The doors close and the train pulls away.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - LATER THAT NIGHT 57
text: The train is now empty except for TWO BOYS making out in
text: the front seat. Mahogany looks up. He walks into the rear
text: car to check if it's clear. There is no one there.
text: ANGLE under the seat: Leon lays on the ground, watching
text: Mahogany's feet. Mahogany leaves, closing the doors.
text: Leon waits, holding his breath. Trying to stay calm.
text: THUD! A scream from the front car, shouting and wailing.
dialog: 47.
text: A SECOND THUD! And then silence. Leon closes his eyes. And
dialog: waits.
text: The train is not stopping. It seems to be picking up speed.
text: Leon crawls out from under the seat and takes his camera
text: out of his pack. His hands are shaking.
text: He slides up to the window in the connecting door and peeks
text: into the front car. Leon drops down, wincing.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Oh, God. Oh, God.
text: He sets the aperture and slowly peeks up again.
text: Through the lens: Mahogany hangs BOY #1 up to the hand
text: straps by his feet.
text: CLICK! Mahogany slits Boy's throat, spilling his blood into
text: a metal pail.
text: CLICK! Their clothes neatly wrapped in plastic bags.
text: CLICK! Mahogany uses pliers to remove toe nails from Boy
dialog: #2.
text: CLICK! He hangs up Boy #2, pulling off strips of skin.
text: Leon drops back down, his body revolting against his mind.
text: Leon pulls out a new canister of film from his pocket.
text: It falls from his hand and rolls across the floor.
text: Footsteps. Mahogany's coming back! Leon scrambles under the
text: seat, pressing himself against the wall.
text: Mahogany's feet walk by. He takes something from a
text: maintenance closet in the back of the car. He returns.
text: LEON'S POV: the film canister sits in the middle of the
text: floor. Mahogany's feet pause momentarily, then move on.
text: Leon closes his eyes until the connecting doors close.
text: After a moment he crawls out from under the seat.
text: PULL BACK to reveal: Mahogany standing on the seat above
text: Leon - the steel mallet over his head!
text: Leon rolls out of the way as the hammer crashes down next
text: to his head. He scrambles to his feet, running to the back
text: of the car. Mahogany is right behind him.
dialog: 58
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: MAHOGANY GRABS THE CAMERA AROUND LEON’S NECK. Leon ducks
text: out of the strap, rushing toward the front car.
text: Leon pulls on the connecting doors. They're stuck. Mahogany
text: rushes down the car, grunting. Leon sees the lock and flips
text: the lever. He rips the doors open as Mahogany grabs for
dialog: him.
text: Leon flies forward onto the floor, landing by Mahogany's
text: tool bag. He grabs the bag swinging it back into Mahogany's
dialog: face.
text: Mahogany stumbles back as the tools hit his chest. Leon
text: jumps up, pushing his way through the swinging corpses.
text: The train lurches. Leon stumbles, falling into one of the
text: bloody corpses. He grabs the raw flesh to keep from
dialog: falling.
text: The body rips loose and Leon falls to the floor, face to
text: face with the dead boy. Leon shouts, kicking it away.
text: Mahogany is upon him. Leon kicks the bucket of blood at
text: him, spilling it across the floor. Mahogany slips in the
text: blood, falling backwards, hammer flying out of his hand.
text: Leon runs for the driver’s cabin. He bangs on the door.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Stop the train! Please! Help me!
dialog: Stop the fucking train!
text: No response. Leon moves to the train doors, forcing them
text: open. The jagged rock walls shoot by at incredible speed.
text: Leon steadies himself, prepared to jump to his death. He
text: closes his eyes, lets out a yell, and jumps.
text: A LARGE HAND grabs him at the last second pulling him back
text: onto the floor of the train.
text: LEON'S POV: up at Mahogany. The hammer comes down. THUD!
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 58
text: Total silence. The train has stopped. Then-
text: The sound of the doors opening.
text: Leon partially comes to - he’s hanging upside down from his
text: ankles at the edge of the doorway of the subway car near
text: the two BOYS. His feet are bare. His shirt is off.
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 49.
text: He sees the outline of Mahogany in the dimness just outside
text: the open doors.
text: Through Leon’s hallucinatory haze he sees that the car is
text: stopped, but he can see no sign of a platform or station.
text: Blackness engulfs everything. Then--
text: Leon screams in terror and pain as he is swung violently
text: around by something unseen.
text: Blood flows down into Leon’s eyes - further blurring his
text: vision. He can’t see what’s attacking him. Something is
text: carving away at his chest. Tearing at the skin.
text: Through the train doors, Leon can see Mahogany. It’s not
text: Mahogany who is carving at Leon’s chest. It’s a non-human
text: appendage with what appears to be barnacle-like growths.
text: Mahogany takes a step toward the interior, but he sees Leon
text: and turns away. His expression shows nothing. He just
text: vanishes from sight.
text: Leon’s world spins and he passes out again, coughing blood
text: and straining against the unseen terror.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE - EARLY MORNING 59
text: The top of a poorly-lit staircase with metal guard rails.
text: Leon pulls himself to the last stair and takes a breath.
text: His face and clothes are filthy, his beard unshaven.
text: Focusing, he looks around. No blood around, just moisture.
text: He faces a plated metal door with old double locks. He
text: grips the metal latch beneath the locks and pulls it hard.
text: The door swings open on a brightly-illuminated space, the
text: light almost giving Leon a white-out. But he recognizes
text: the noise right away. It’s the clanging of a packing line.
text: The door Leon opened leads directly into the meat plant.
scene_heading: INT. MEAT PLANT -- CONTINUOUS 60
text: Leon emerges inside the meat plant and stops. Several
text: butchers work on sides of beef. They just ignore him.
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: INT. LEON'S APARTMENT - MORNING 61
text: The front door opens. Leon walks in, he stands in the
text: shadow of the hallway. Maya is on the couch, she can’t
dialog: quite see him yet.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You're alive.
text: Leon stays silent.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Where have you been?
text: Leon continues walking. She follows.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: You can’t just disappear... What
dialog: am I suppose to think? You
dialog: could've been killed for all I
dialog: know.
text: Leon rubs his forehead, not knowing what to say. He pulls
text: his hand down. Dried blood streaked on his palm.
text: Leon steps into the light. She sees the blood on his hand.
text: Sees the wound on his head. She puts her hand on his head.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: What happened to you?
text: Leon ignores her, pulls her hand off his head and brushes
text: by her to the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY - MOMENTS LATER 62
text: Leon reaches into the medicine cabinet, he cringes -
text: something stings bad. He unbuttons his shirt and the color
text: drains from his face as he discovers-—
text: A MARK CARVED ACROSS HIS UPPER CHEST. AN EMBLEM OF SOME
text: KIND. It’s crusty and infectious.
text: Leon doesn’t remember know how it got there. He touches it
text: delicately.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - DAY - CONTINUOUS 63
text: Maya pounds her hand on the door. Incredibly upset.
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: Leon.
text: She leans against the door, jiggling the locked doorknob.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Let me in. Let me help you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Please.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY - CONTINUOUS 64
text: Leon ignores her and methodically buttons up his shirt,
text: hiding the injury.
text: He puts a stopper in the sink and fills it with water. He
text: lathers his hands with soap and pats his arm gingerly by a
text: large weeping cut.
text: The sink full, he puts his head down into the bowl, getting
text: his face and hair wet. He takes out his head, pushes his
text: hair back. Then dabs his face carefully with the towel.
text: He rifles through the cabinet below the vanity and pauses
text: at some bandages. He ignores them and reaches for a roll
text: of duct tape. He starts to wind the tape around his arm to
dialog: bind the cut.
text: He continues, winding and winding endlessly...
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - DAY - CONTINUOUS 65
text: Maya is still leaning against the door. Suddenly, Leon
text: opens the door, and Maya has to jump back. She reacts to
dialog: his appearance.
text: His wet hair is slicked back, his face freshly shaved, he
text: suddenly seems more youthful... but also a bit waxen.
text: Maya takes hold of his arm, but he shakes her hand off.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: What happened to you?
text: Leon walks past her, then turns back to answer.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I need to sleep now.
dialog: 66
dialog: 52.
text: He goes into the bedroom, closes the door.
text: Maya breathes deep, and forces open the bedroom door.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAY - CONTINUOUS 66
text: Maya sees Leon examining the gash on his chest. It is
text: still bleeding. Profusely. She reacts in horror, then
text: goes over to him.
text: Closer, she sees the hideous shape on Leon’s chest.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Oh, my God. What is this, Leon?
dialog: We've got to go to the hospital.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: (ignoring her)
dialog: He butchers them like meat. I
dialog: saw it with my own eyes. I took
dialog: pictures.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: Where did you go?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I followed him into the subway.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (explodes )
dialog: Why did you do that?
text: He thinks for a moment.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Don’t you see. It’s always a
dialog: late train, maybe the same one
text: each time. He waits for it to
text: empty. No bodies are found
text: because he removes them.
text: Maya is still upset and now even more confused.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: Leon's is piecing it together for himself in a jumbled way.
speaker_heading: LEON
text: There’s an abandoned subway
text: station beneath the meat plant.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: He takes them there?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I don’t know. But the police
dialog: will never find anything.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Baby, let’s just take you to the
dialog: hospital and your photos to
dialog: Detective Hodge.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: No Maya, the police won’t listen.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: They have to listen.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: My camera’s gone. He took it
dialog: from me.
text: Leon motions to the hotel across the street.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Without that I have nothing. I
dialog: have to take care of this myself.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Yourself? I’m not going to stand
dialog: here and let you get yourself
dialog: killed. I’m calling the police.
text: Maya barges out of the bedroom - into the kitchen - and
text: grabs Detective Hodge’s card from the wall where it’s
text: taped. The she grabs her cell phone from her purse. She
text: dials.
text: Leon comes up behind her and grabs the phone from her hand.
text: He throws it against the wall, smashing it into pieces.
text: Maya stands there - stunned. Leon breaths heavily.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I said no. They’1l think I'ma
dialog: fucking lunatic.
text: Maya stares at Leon. She doesn’t know how to get through.
dialog: *
dialog: 67
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (trying to be focused)
dialog: I know something happened down
dialog: there. I can see it. But you've
dialog: got to let me help you.
text: Leon looks at Maya for a long moment, then--
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I have to sleep. I have to be
dialog: ready for the opening tonight.
text: Leon walks back to the bedroom. Maya watches him go down
text: the hallway. Leon disappears into the bedroom. She slowly
text: begins to walk towards the room.
text: She gets to the threshold. Stands there.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Leon...
text: She stands for a moment in silence - then closes the door.
scene_heading: EXT. MAHOGANY’S HOTEL —- EVENING 67
text: Maya stands on the street corner, watching Mahogany’s
text: hotel. Jurgis is behind her, unsure if they should be
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: This is crazy.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I know. But I don’t know what
dialog: else to do.
text: Maya turns Detective Hodge’s card in her hand, thinking.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Leon's right, the police will
dialog: think we're crazy.
text: Suddenly, out of the corner of her eye, Maya sees --
text: Mahogany, exiting down the front stairs.
text: Maya pushes Jurgis back into a doorway. Mahogany looks in
text: their direction, but then turns the other way. He walks
text: down the street, making a half block in a few long strides.
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: INT. MAHOGANY’S HOTEL FOYER - NIGHT 68
text: Maya and Jurgis walk into the old lobby and sees a
text: concierge counter on one side of a cracked linoleum floor.
text: No one is there, so they walk up. Behind the counter are
text: mailboxes.
text: Maya sees Mahogany’s name on one box. It says #6. A spare
text: key dangles from a hook above the box. She reaches over the
text: counter for the key when suddenly she hears a rattling
text: COUGH and the sound of someone moving in the back room. She
text: freezes, exchanges a glance with Jurgis - it’s now or
text: never. She grabs the key.
scene_heading: INT. MAHOGANY’S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 69
text: Maya enters the dark room. She passes down a small foyer
text: then enters the main room. It’s dark and wide. Shafts of
text: light peek through the closed blinds. In the main room is a
text: couch and an old TV. Maya walks by a small kitchen as she
text: makes her way deeper into the room.
scene_heading: INT. MAHOGANY’S KITCHEN - NIGHT —- CONTINUOUS 70
text: Maya enters and looks around. She sees a cupboard with
text: drawers, and she quietly opens one to have a look. Rows of
text: carving knives rattle as the drawer moves. She pulls out a
text: lower drawer. Surgical devices which seem medical. She
text: opens the lowest drawer: Wound retractors of every type.
text: Her eyes are drawn to the sink. It’s empty, but the white
text: surface is stained a rusty red. The drain is clotted with
text: hair. Next to the drain, two green bottles. She lifts
text: one. Inside, there is something with moist white bubbles.
text: She drops it and backs away in disgust - a sudden surge of
text: fear and adrenaline courses through her limbs.
text: She spins around and--
text: SLAMS INTO JURGIS. They both gasp.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Why are you up here? What if he
dialog: comes back?
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: Even if he did, how would I tell
dialog: you from downstairs?
dialog: 71
dialog: 56.
dialog: Point taken.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: We need to find the camera and
dialog: get out of here fast.
text: There is a short hallway to her left leading to a bedroom.
text: She stares at the dark hall.
speaker_heading: JURGIS
dialog: I’1l check the bedroom.
text: Jurgis makes his way down the hall. Then something in the
text: main room catches Maya’s eye. Something out of places
dialog: sitting on a desk---
text: A BLACK VALISE. Maya walks closer to it. The light hits
text: its pitch black sheen in such a way it reflects like a
dialog: mirror.
text: Maya places her hand on it. She runs her palm across it.
text: It feels like flesh - pulled so tight that it shines like
dialog: metal.
text: ON ITS TOP LID -- AN ETCHED DRAWING OF A MOON AND SINGLE
speaker_heading: STAR
text: Maya puts her hands on the latches, waits a beat, pops
dialog: them.
text: The valise springs open to reveal two interior
text: compartments, one a leather pouch, the other a small tool
dialog: rack.
text: Maya stares at the rack: No tool is recognizable. Each
text: has sharp spirals and corkscrew edges. If they are for a
dialog: surgery, you don’t want to have it. Butchers don’t use
dialog: these.
text: The leather pouch contains an old datebook. Maya turns to
text: the start and finds a table of contents, every entry
text: written in symbols which suggests an ancient form of
dialog: Cyrillic.
scene_heading: INT. MAHOGANY’S HOTEL ROOM, BEDROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 71
text: Jurgis searches at a bedside table. He sees something,
dialog: stops.
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: INT. MAHOGANY’S HOTEL ROOM, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 72
text: Maya turns the pages of the datebook and finds more of the
text: old writing. Then she finds a page with a long list of
dialog: dates.
text: The first is from 1733. There is a date, followed by a
text: number. Each page is filled with similar entries. In 1751,
dialog: the handwriting changes. It changes every generation or so.
text: She reacts to a page dated 1896. There are many entries
text: clustered on this one page. Next page, still 1896, more.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Shit.
text: The last section has some new pages added. A calendar
text: pasted into the binding. She flips through it and sees
text: several months with starred dates but no entries. Many
text: days in each month have a moon and star -- but no writing.
scene_heading: INT. MAHOGANY'S HOTEL ROOM, FOYER - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 73
text: Close on the doorknob, it rattles slightly, and then slowly
text: begins to turn.
scene_heading: INT. MAHOGANY’S HOTEL ROOM, MAIN ROOM -- NIGHT - CONTINOUS 74
text: Maya hears the rattling door and reacts immediately.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (whisper )
dialog: Jurgis.
scene_heading: INT. MAHOGANY’'S HOTEL ROOM, BEDROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 75
text: Jurgis doesn’t hear a thing. He carefully opens a dresser
text: drawer. Nothing but folded linens. He quietly closes it
text: and makes his way toward the closet across the room.
text: He opens it. It creaks slightly. Inside, are six identical
text: brown suits, all in dry cleaning bags. He pushes a couple
dialog: aside. A couple more, then--
text: THE LEICA - hanging from a coat hanger. Jurgis beams and
text: grabs the camera from the hanger. He places the straps
text: around his neck and spins for the exit--
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 58.
text: MAHOGANY STANDS AT THE THRESHOLD OF THE BEDROOM. HIS STEEL
text: HAMMER AT HIS SIDE. JURGIS STANDS FROZEN, A SCARED ANIMAL.
scene_heading: INT. MAHOGANY’S HOTEL ROOM, KITCHEN - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 76
text: Maya stands against a cupboard, out of sight from the main
text: room. She doesn’t move, just listens. She can’t her
text: anything. Wait. She hears a sharp exhale just outside.
text: She moves forward slowly, carefully. She can just see into
text: the main room. Nothing there. She moves a few more
dialog: inches.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (whisper )
dialog: Jurgis.
text: There’s no response, only silence. She moves out a step.
scene_heading: INT. MAHOGANY’S HOTEL ROOM, MAIN ROOM/BEDROOM - NIGHT - 77
speaker_heading: CONTINOUS
text: Maya holds back her emotions, but she has no choice but to
text: find Jurgis. She moves into the main room from the
dialog: kitchen.
text: She looks around. The old datebook is where she left it.
text: She takes one step at a time toward the bedroom, then
dialog: stops.
text: We pull back just a few feet --
dialog: Now we are in the bedroom looking out --
text: And into the frame comes the blunt end of a steel hammer.
text: Mahogany holds it above the door. It’s covered with blood.
text: Through the door, we see Maya looking carefully around.
scene_heading: INT. MAHOGANY’S HOTEL ROOM, MAIN ROOM -- NIGHT - CONTINUOUS/8
text: Cautiously, Maya steps right up to the bedroom door.
text: She gets close enough to look in. She can’t see Jurgis.
text: But there is a coat hanger laid on the bed.
text: She takes one more step. She is about to call Jurgis.
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 59.
text: Suddenly, she turns and runs toward the outer door.
text: Without stopping, she grabs the datebook with one hand and
text: yanks the doorknob with the other. She pulls the door so
text: hard, it swings wide open, and she flies into the hallway.
scene_heading: EXT. MAHOGANY’S HOTEL -- LATER 79
text: In the shadow of a store front across from the hotel, Maya
text: punches a number in her cell while looking at Hodge’s card.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Detective Hodge, I’m Maya Jones,
dialog: Leon Kaufman's girlfriend. My
dialog: friend’s in trouble. It’s the
dialog: case Leon talked to you about.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION, OFFICE -- CONTINUOUS 80
text: Hodge reaches for a pad, phone at her ear.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: Where are you? No, don’t go back.
dialog: (writing)
dialog: I'll send a car. It will be
dialog: there in five minutes. Don’t do
dialog: anything until they get there.
scene_heading: INT. LEON’S APARTMENT - BATHROOM - NIGHT 81
text: Leon is in his bathroom. He stands in his shower. The water
text: pouring onto his face. His eyes closed. The water washing
text: the dried blood from the wound on his chest.
scene_heading: INT. LEON’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 82
text: Leon - now in his bedroom - finishes dressing. Buttoning up
text: his finely pressed shirt - the wound hidden beneath.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION, OFFICE - NIGHT 83
text: Maya sits in a chair opposite the desk we’ve seen before.
text: She’s anxious, and she fiddles with the strap of her bag.
text: Detective Hodge walks into the room, looking stressed out.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: Maya Jones?
dialog: 60.
text: Maya nods, standing up. She’s shaken.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Did you find Jurgis?
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: Calm down. Sit down.
text: Maya sits, still shaking.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: I just received a report from the
text: officers at the scene.
text: Now Hodge gives Maya a look, gauging her.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: They went to the room you gave
dialog: me, but there was no one there.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: Jurgis was there!
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: No one was in the room, and there
dialog: was no sign of trouble.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: That can’t be right.
speaker_heading: HODGE
text: They met the tenant in the lobby.
text: He let them examine the place.
dialog: He had been out the whole day.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: No! He’s a butcher, and Leon
dialog: thinks he kills people.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I was in the room. I saw the
text: tools he uses.
text: Hodge reacts strongly.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: You what?
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Listen. My friend Jurgis is in
dialog: trouble. He was with me. He
dialog: never came out. The butcher came
text: back, and Jurgis may be hurt.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: There was no one there.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Please. Come back with me, I'll
dialog: show you.
text: Hodge pauses a second without answering, looking at Maya.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: The tenant told the officers that
text: an old heirloom was missing. A
dialog: family album.
text: Maya returns Hodge’s look and grows steely.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I think you mean a datebook. It
dialog: records all the murders. It goes
dialog: back a hundred years.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: You took it?
text: Maya sits back in the chair, thinking, calculating.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: Let me see it, Miss Jones.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I don’t have it. I ran out too
dialog: fast. I wanted to go back, but
dialog: you told me not to.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: You've admitted to breaking and
dialog: entering, that’s very serious. I
dialog: can hold you for that.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (not backing down)
text: The hotel room was filled with
text: butcher tools. Murder weapons.
dialog: If you don’t go back with me, I
dialog: will go back with someone else.
dialog: 84
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: Ms. Jones. If you go back, you
dialog: will be arrested. You are upset,
dialog: but listen. If you have the
dialog: album, you can return it without
dialog: any acknowledgement of guilt.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I told you. I don’t have it.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: The tenant doesn’t want to press
dialog: charges. I’11 give you a pass.
dialog: He just wants his book back.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: The butcher? So he can do more
dialog: killing? You know about the
dialog: murders, don’t you?
text: No response from Hodge. Maya gets up, turns to the door.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Did you say you were going to
dialog: arrest me?
text: Hodge doesn’t answer. Maya walks out....as Hodge watches.
scene_heading: INT. NEGATIVE SPACE GALLERY - NIGHT 84
text: Susan escorts Leon through the Gallery. She’s speaking
text: closely to his ear. There is a good crowd, thirty or more
text: people. Clusters of buyers circle around the prints.
text: Susan is charged. She steers Leon into the crowd.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Bill and Sue Bennett buy what I
dialog: tell them. Usually my third
dialog: suggestion. A few will want
dialog: separate time with you. But it
dialog: means a sale.
text: An older couple smiles at Susan.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: The Franks don’t collect
dialog: photography, but let’s say hello.
dialog: Then shine them on.
dialog: (within range)
dialog: Leon, this is Jack and Andee
dialog: Franks. They came by this
dialog: afternoon and asked to meet you.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: JACK FRANKS
dialog: Andee thinks you’re more like a
dialog: painter than a photographer.
text: Susan’s assistant comes up. He whispers in her ear.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I need to deal with some
dialog: business. Be right back.
text: Susan gives Leon a look and vanishes.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I did that in school. Painting.
text: CLOSE ON LEON’S SHIRT: A hint of blood soaks through from
text: the carving on Leon’s chest.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: (to Jack and Andee)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Leon turns into a side room and looks at his shirt. Shit.
text: He looks for the restroom. Where Susan is standing. He
text: scans the room. His eye is caught by a RED DOT next to one
text: of his prints. A savage image of murder. He looks around.
text: The gallery walls feature five large format color prints.
text: All show horrific violence, one including a knife blade
text: piercing scarlet muscle. Collectively, they totally stun.
text: Leon steps back. One print alone reveals that the violence
text: is directed at sides of beef. A butcher is seen: Mahogany.
text: Leon approaches the photo. Mahogany stares back with a
text: cold ruthlessness. The large print is overwhelming.
text: Leon is arrested by all the images. His look is intense.
text: Then, abruptly, he puts his hand on his shirt.
text: CLOSE ON LEON’S SHIRT: More blood soaks through the shirt.
text: Susan approaches from behind.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I didn’t mean for you to hide.
dialog: C'mon, it’s time for the Franks.
text: Leon glares at Susan, then turns to another image.
dialog: 85
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I’m not waiting for that one to
dialog: sell.
text: Leon ignores her, staring at the image. It’s an immense
text: shot of the subway hallway. Loretta staring right at us.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Leon?
text: Leon doesn’t answer. Then he turns and starts walking.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Where are you going?
text: No response, so Susan grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (angry)
dialog: I said, where are you going?
text: He yanks his arm free and points at the subway shot.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: I’m going to catch a train.
text: With that, Leon bolts for the door. Susan is stunned.
scene_heading: INT. OTTO’S RESTAURANT -- LATER 85
text: Otto, hands loaded with plates, serves customers at a side
text: table. He hears a noise by the kitchen, a door slamming.
text: It's Maya. She starts rummaging under the main counter,
text: slamming cabinet doors, looking for something.
text: Otto opens his mouth to lay into her, but she interrupts.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Where’s your piece, Otto?
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Hold on, I gotta talk to you.
dialog: Have you and your boyfriend lost
dialog: it?
text: Maya ignores him, keeps going through cabinets.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Where is it, Otto?
dialog: 86
dialog: 65.
text: There, she finds it. An old service revolver. She checks
text: the gun. Loaded, typical of Otto. She turns to the door.
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Hold it. You stop right now!
text: But the door slams and Maya is gone.
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Holy shit.
scene_heading: INT. SUSAN HOFF’S GALLERY -- LATER
text: Maya enters the gallery, the crowd still small.
text: At the rear, Susan sees her and pulls out her cell.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: She's here.
text: At the entrance, Maya sees one or two people perusing the
text: prints. She scans the room for Leon, doesn’t see him.
text: Susan is at the back of the room. Maya approaches her.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Susan Hoff?
text: Susan turns to Maya.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I’m Maya--
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Leon's girlfriend. Where is he?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: He stormed out of here, just a
dialog: few minutes ago.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: Susan’s assistant comes up to her, whispers in her ear and
text: tries to pull her away.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: He just left.
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 66.
text: Maya grabs on to her arm.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: What happened?
text: Susan tears her arm away.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I don’t know. He was fine when
dialog: he came in. Maybe you can tell
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (ignoring her)
dialog: Did he say anything?
text: Susan has an odd smile: Leon’s girlfriend is on drugs, too.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (you're nuts, too)
dialog: As a matter of fact, he didn’t.
text: Maya’s worry is evident. She thinks a second.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: I need to borrow a phone. Mine
dialog: is busted. Please.
scene_heading: EXT. GALLERY ALLEY -- CONTINOUS 87
text: Maya strides into the gallery’s back alley with a cell
text: phone in her hand. She’s dialing Leon.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: (to machine)
dialog: Leon, are you there? The
dialog: butcher, I think he has Jurgis.
dialog: That cop detective....
text: SUDDENLY -- Detective Hodge jumps right into her face.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: I want the book, Ms. Jones.
text: Maya, surprised, steps back a few inches.
text: Suddenly, Maya slams against Hodge, knocking her back.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: What the fuck are you doing here?
text: Hodge grabs her arm and pushes her against the wall.
dialog: 88
dialog: 67.
text: Immediately, Maya shakes loose and turns Hodge around.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: No, you fucking tell me what’s
text: going on.
text: Before Hodge can react, Maya swings her hand up. She’s got
text: Otto’s revolver, and she puts it in Hodge’s face.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Now!
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: (off guard)
dialog: You have lost your mind.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Tell me where he is.
speaker_heading: HODGE
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Your friend? Or the butcher?
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Where is Jurgis, tell me!
text: Maya rams the gun so close to Hodge’s face she slams back.
text: She doesn’t answer at first. Then she strangely relaxes.
speaker_heading: HODGE
text: On the train. 14th street. The
text: first one after two o'clock.
text: Maya gives Hodge a hard push, knocking her down. When
text: Hodge gets back up, Maya is already running.
scene_heading: EXT. MEAT PACKING PLANT - NIGHT 88
text: Leon steps up to the front door. It’s locked. He looks
text: through the window and sees a SECURITY GUARD. Leon is
text: about to knock. Then he changes his mind.
text: In the background: the grinding hum of saws and machines.
text: Leon starts around the side of the meat packing plant, and
text: the grinding becomes louder. He reaches a driveway.
text: Down the driveway is a loading dock. No one is around.
text: Leon walks to the driveway and disappears in the plant.
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS - NIGHT 89
text: Maya makes her way through the dark street. It’s late now.
text: She reaches subway station at the corner of Pershing
dialog: Square.
text: She looks up at the entrance. It’s the one Leon mentioned.
text: She checks her watch. She looks around, no one is there.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY STATION - TURNSTILE -- NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 90
text: Maya walks up to the turnstile. A few late night
text: stragglers wait to pass through. Two TRANSIT COPS keep a
text: watchful eye.
text: Maya keeps an eye on the Transit Cops as she scans the
text: crowd for Leon. Looking at all the faces on their evening
dialog: commute.
text: Then, right next to her, stands a LARGE HEAVYSET MAN.
text: Maya shudders and turns....but it’s a young blond man, no
text: more than twenty, smiling a bright harmless smile.
text: Maya walks through the turnstile.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN PACKING FLOOR - NIGHT —- CONTINUOUS 91
text: The line is running full tilt: carcasses swing down the
text: track, sides of beef split, ground meat squeezed out.
text: Leon sees a laundry bag with dirty butcher smocks by the
text: door. He grabs one from the top and throws it on.
text: He strides into the plant, looking around as he walks. The
text: workers ignore him. A BIG GUY, broad shoulders up ahead.
text: Leon walks right up to him. He turns the Big Guy around.
text: He’s not Mahogany. The Big Guy scowls but turns away.
text: Leon reaches a work sink. It’s full of BLOODY TOOLS being
text: washed clean by a constant flow of water. He glances
text: behind. Nobody’s watching him.
text: Next to the sink is an apron/work belt hanging from a hook
text: on the wall. Another look back at the Workers to see what
text: he can use to fit in. Each has a belt with one or two
dialog: tools.
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 69.
text: Picking and choosing, Leon takes a short knife and a
text: pointed tool that looks like an awl. He puts the belt on
text: and tries wearing the tools. The belt droops, so he drops
text: the awl and keeps only the knife and belt. He sees an old
text: pair of work goggles. He fixes the strap to fit him, and
text: he puts them on.
text: Then Leon grabs a bloody cleaver and hefts it. Keeps it.
text: Suddenly, somebody shoves him out of the way. He’s ready to
text: defend himself, but it’s just another butcher, putting his
text: tools in the sink. The other butcher wonders if he knows
dialog: him.
text: Leon just stares back, offering a little nod. The butcher
text: nods back. Leon backs away, armed.
text: Leon takes a meat hook from the sink and hangs it on his
text: belt next to his knife. Then he lifts the bloody meat
dialog: cleaver.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN PACKING FLOOR - NIGHT —- CONTINUOUS 92
text: Leon walks with determination, knife and meat hook clanking
text: on his belt, cleaver in his hand. Just ahead, he sees the
text: door to the subway. No one is around. He doesn’t stop.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 93
text: Maya sits in a nearly empty car. Only three people with
text: her. Two are street punks with lacquered hair, one a crew
text: cut, the other a spiky doo. They stare straight at her.
dialog: Weird twins.
text: The third is an oddball with round glasses. He wears a
text: three-piece brown suit which seems too tight. He carries a
text: well-worn sample case. Maya gives him a hard look,
dialog: wondering.
text: He doesn’t look like Leon’s photos of Mahogany, but he
text: looks too muscular to be a salesman. Maybe the suit is
text: just tight. He gazes at her, then looks away. Maya keeps
text: an eye on him.
text: Suddenly, there is a shrill sound of brakes. The train
text: slows.
text: Maya jerks in her seat as the train comes to a hard stop.
text: None of the other riders moves. Then the two punks jump up
text: and leave the car in one startling motion. The door shuts.
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 70.
text: Maya looks at the man in the brown suit. He ignores her.
text: The train starts moving. The odd man has no expression.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR -- NIGHT —- CONTINUOUS 94
text: The train goes deeper into the depths of the city. Maya
text: looks around her. The car feels like it is going faster.
text: Now the man in the suit stands up. He walks right to her.
text: Maya leans back and grabs her purse. She digs her hand in.
text: The man stops between Maya and the door. He grabs the roof
text: hand rail. Now he stares straight at her. Is it a smile?
text: The brakes hiss. Slowly, the subway car stops. Doors
dialog: open.
text: The man lets go of the hand rail and steps out of the car.
text: The doors close behind him. The car and tracks are silent.
text: Then, with another hard jerk, the subway starts to roll.
text: The train is empty except for Maya. She looks surprised.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TUNNEL - PLATFORM -- NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 95
text: Leon, butcher tools hanging, walks onto an empty platform.
dialog: There was a station here years ago, beneath the meat plant,
text: but all that is left is this platform. The overheads are
text: burnt out, but a few bare ones are still lighted.
text: Leon stands, totally focused, listening for a train.
text: Hearing nothing, he opens his coat, shifting his tools.
text: Hefts the cleaver. Looks down the tunnel. Nothing.
text: Then a bare bulb above him starts to blink.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN -- NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 96
text: Maya still sits alone as the car pulls into another
dialog: station.
text: The doors hiss open. No one boards. The doors hiss close.
text: The train clatters out of the station. Maya looks outside.
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 71.
text: The dark walls of a tunnel. She leans back, but still
dialog: tense.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TUNNEL -- NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 97
text: Leon watches the bulb flicker. Then another bulb flickers.
text: He turns his head, listens for any noise. Nothing.
dialog: But down the line --
text: -- Leon can hear a very quiet rumbling. A train is coming.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN -- NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 98
text: Maya turns to the other side, but she only sees tunnel.
text: Suddenly -- The overhead light GOES OUT. Pitch black.
text: Maya backs into a corner. She turns to the next car: It’s
text: dark, too. The car on the other end, just as dark.
text: But several cars down, Maya sees light. She gets up with a
text: hand on the wall and walks toward the end of the car.
text: She reaches the door to the next car. She takes her wallet
text: out of her purse and stuffs it in her pocket. She takes
text: out the revolver. With a toss, she throws her purse down.
text: Maya pulls the door open. The next car is dark, but the
text: illuminated car now seems brighter. It’s only two cars
dialog: away.
scene_heading: INT. PLATFORM -- NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 99
text: Leon stands at the very edge of the platform. He can hear
text: the train advancing loudly. The noise is actually a
dialog: shaking.
text: Leon reacts to the RUMBLING of the train.
text: He stands back a little as the train gets closer. But he
text: knows that the train will not be slowing or stopping at
dialog: this old station platform.
text: The engine car barrels past Leon, and the train flashes by.
text: Leon moves back to the very edge. He tries to look into
text: the speeding cars, but all are now empty. He still stares.
text: POV: Suddenly, a woman leaves one car and enters another.
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 72.
text: Even in the darkness, Leon can see --
speaker_heading: IT’S MAYA.
text: Leon reacts with horror and has one thought: He’1ll just
text: have to leap on the train! He yanks off his belt, grips
text: the meat hook in one hand, and wraps the belt around it.
text: The very end of the train is about to pass. His last
dialog: chance.
text: He psyches himself up, then....
text: Jumps up onto the rear of the train, snaring an outer hand
text: rail with the hook. The centrifugal force whips him hard
text: against the end of the train. Knocking the wind out of
dialog: him.
text: Leon grunts loudly. But the hook holds.
text: The train disappears around the curve, Leon hanging from
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN -- NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 100
text: Maya stops at the door of the dark car just before the lit
text: car. Thru the window she can see five bodies hanging
text: upside down. They swing back-and-forth from both sides of
text: the aisle, making it impossible for Maya to see all the way
text: to the opposite end of the car.
text: Tightening her grip on the pistol, she slides open the
dialog: door to -
scene_heading: SUBWAY TRAIN/2ND TO LAST CAR - CONTINUOUS 101
text: The door slams shut behind Maya muffling the subway roar.
text: Her heart pounding, Maya pauses, all senses focused beyond
text: the gun that she holds straight out with elbows locked.
text: Nothing moves save the continued swinging of the corpses.
text: The closest one seems to be staring straight at her as she
text: pushes past it, entering the gauntlet of bodies.
text: Above, a squeaking sound catches Maya's attention. She
text: glances up. Meat hooks have been hung from the same bar
text: that the commuter straps swing from. Each pierces the
text: Achilles tendon of a corpse. The hooks squeak like
text: playground swings under the weight.
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 73.
text: Maya look back down. Only a couple corpses remain in the
text: gauntlet. She reaches out to push the next one aside but
text: the moment her hand touches the corpse, it begins to thrash
text: uncontrollably.
text: Shocked, Maya falls backwards into the corpse behind her,.
text: Landing, she snaps her gun up, pointing it at the back of
text: the flailing body. Unlike the others, this one is still
dialog: very much ALIVE.
text: Scrambling to her feet, Maya cautiously works her way
text: around the flailing body. It's screaming for all its worth
text: but the gag in its mouth is rendering it mostly mute.
text: As Maya reaches the front of the corpse, she suddenly
text: lowers her gun, staring in disbelief. And from behind his
text: gag, JURGIS stops screaming, returning Maya's stare.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN/LAST CAR - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 102
text: Mahogany scrapes a crescent-shaped tool across the head of
text: a dead body, leaving a pile of bloody hair and bits of
text: scalp on the victim's neatly folded clothes.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN/LAST CAR - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 103
text: Standing on the rear "porch" of the train, his face pressed
text: to the window, Leon watches Mahogany heft the now hairless
text: body over his shoulder. With his free hand, Mahogany grabs
text: the handle of his tool bag and turns toward the next subway
text: car. The car containing Jurgis and Maya.
text: In one of Leon's hands is the meat hook. With the other, he
text: reaches for the door handle and turns it. It doesn't budge.
text: The door is LOCKED.
scene_heading: SUBWAY CAR/LAST CAR - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 104
text: Arms shaking, Maya tries to lift Jurgis' leg up off the
text: meat hook. Her hands are wet with Jurgis' blood. Suddenly
text: the ankle slips from Maya's hands and yanks to a stop
text: against the meat hook it's still impaled on. Jurgis grits
text: his teeth trying not to scream in agony.
text: Maya reaches to try again but her hand barely touches the
text: ankle when Jurgis starts screaming for all he's worth. Maya
text: looks down at Jurgis. Jurgis' eyes are wide with horror.
text: She turns, following his gaze to-
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 74.
text: Mahogany stands for a moment staring at Maya thru the
text: window between the two cars and then he's sliding the door
text: open and moving quickly down the car toward her.
text: Maya fumbles the gun out of her pants, aims and, just
text: before Mahogany reaches her, pulls the trigger.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY/LAST CAR - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 105
text: BANG! Hearing the gunshot, a panicked Leon begins slamming
text: the meat hook into the window glass again and again.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR/LAST CAR - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 106
text: Mahogany lifts a flattened bullet from between the chinks
text: in his chain metal apron. And smiles.
text: Maya raises the gun to shoot again but before she can pull
text: the trigger, Mahogany swings the body he's been lugging
text: over his shoulder around like a human baseball bat,
text: sending Maya flying back into the gauntlet of corpses. Her
text: gun hits the floor and disappears beneath the seats.
text: Calmly, Mahogany opens his bag of tools and removes a
text: butchering knife.
text: Maya looks up as Mahogany moves toward her. As he passes
text: Jurgis, Mahogany brings the knife down sharply opening him
text: waist to neck. Blood spills from Jurgis' torso but Mahogany
text: doesn't so much as break stride as continues toward Maya.
text: Suddenly the door behind Mahogany flies open-
speaker_heading: JURGIS
speaker_heading: MAHOGANY!
text: Mahogany turns. Leon stands in the doorway, the meat hook
text: in his hand.
text: He rushes toward the two, ferocious, totally enraged. He
text: grabs Mahogany by his arms and pulls him back. Maya pushes
text: from beneath. With a push, Mahogany shakes Leon and lands
text: on Maya hard, almost breaking her legs. She screams.
text: Now Leon bangs Mahogany’s head with the hammer he kept, and
text: Mahogany pushes him back with a big hand. Leon shouts.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Let her go!
dialog: 75.
text: Leon pounds Mahogany as hard as he can, and now he
text: flinches.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: (to Maya)
dialog: Get away.
text: Maya crawls away from the fighting men and pulls herself
text: up, looking for some way to help Leon. Leon reacts to
text: this, and Mahogany uses the moment to slam Leon hard onto
dialog: the floor.
text: Maya goes for her gun and points it at Mahogany. He pulls
text: Leon in front of him, and Maya moves around to find a clear
text: shot at Mahogany’s head. The wrestling makes it difficult.
text: She slams Mahogany hard with the handle. He doesn’t feel
dialog: it.
text: Mahogany grabs Leon’s hammer, and, holding Leon down, he
text: pounds Leon hard in the forehead. Leon slumps, and
text: Mahogany grabs Maya with one big hand. He hurls her
text: against the wall.
text: Maya crumples, and Leon moans in shock. Mahogany hits him
text: again and pulls him toward the car with the hanging meat.
text: They reach the car door, and Mahogany gives Leon’s head a
text: bang on the glass before he pulls the car door open.
text: Leon, absorbing the blow, pulls Mahogany away from the
text: door. He grabs Mahogany’s leg and decks him with a
dialog: schoolyard trip.
text: Leon pulls himself off the floor and shakes off his pain
text: with a shudder, and he takes out the cleaver left on his
dialog: belt.
text: Mahogany gets back up, and Leon races forward to meet the
text: butcher, the two men raising their weapons.
text: Mahogany lifts his hammer with a two handed grip. Leon
text: waves the cleaver.
text: They clash like gladiators. Sparks fly as metal meets
dialog: metal.
text: It’s a brutal conflict, made all the more chaotic by the
text: swaying of the train, and the presence of the corpses,
text: which each man uses in turn as a shield.
text: Mahogany’s hammer, then Leon’s cleaver strike the corpses -
text: Digging deep within there flesh. Severing limbs with single
dialog: strokes.
dialog: 107
dialog: 76.
text: The men fall back on one of the buckets - human blood is
text: overturned. The combatants try not to slide on the gore
text: slicked floor.
text: Mahogany swings his hammer - Leon ducks. The hammer
text: strikes the wall beside the door.
text: THE AUTOMATIC DOOR MECHANISM ERUPTS IN A SHOWER OF SPARKS.
text: THE DOORS OPEN.
text: The wall of the tunnel speeds by dangerously close to the
text: two men. The sounds of wheels on the track increases.
text: The train lurches, picking up speed.
text: CRASH! The hammer crushes the seat next to Leon's head.
text: Mahogany comes after Leon like a juggernaut, smashing
text: corpses left and right.
text: Leon's feet slide in the blood. He falls to the ground.
text: Mahogany sees his chance. He raises the hammer above Leon --
text: BANG! Maya, back on her feet, gun in hand, fires at
dialog: Mahogany.
text: Mahogany cringes. The shot hit his foot. He grabs Maya
text: before falling over, and he throws her across the car.
text: Maya slams against a wall, knocked out, but still moving.
text: Leon sees Maya moving and reaches for Mahogany’s hammer.
text: Mahogany, recovering, slams it down, just missing Leon.
text: The hammer smashes a hole in the floor of the train, which
text: gets bigger when Mahogany pulls it out.
text: Leon swings his cleaver but it’s knocked out of his hand by
text: Mahogany’s hammer.
text: Leon kicks Mahogany’s gunshot leg, and Mahogany drops his
text: hammer to the ground.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN -- NIGHT - SAME 107
text: His hammer gone, Mahogany grabs Leon’s neck and starts
text: choking him, struggling to kill him by cutting off his air.
text: Leon kicks Mahogany away with a final burst of strength.
text: The lights in the train flicker on and off. Electricity
text: from the tracks pours up from the hole in the floor.
dialog: 108
dialog: 77.
text: Getting back his air, Leon throws himself hard at Mahogany.
text: Mahogany, standing on his strong leg, absorbs the blow. He
text: pulls a serrated blade from beneath his chain mail and
text: launches toward Leon. Leon ducks, grabbing Mahogany’s
dialog: hand.
text: Mahogany rips his hand free and stabs Leon in the arm. He
text: is just grazed, and Leon counters by throw himself at
dialog: Mahogany.
text: Mahogany loses his balance and falls back. He puts his
text: knife out to anchor himself, and his blade hits a hanging
text: carcass.
text: The carcass groans. It’s Jurgis, the blade embedded in
dialog: him.
text: Mahogany yanks the knife out and rips half of Jurgis’s
dialog: chest.
text: A sickened Leon grabs Mahogany and pulls him down on the
text: car floor, close to the open car door. The rock face races
dialog: past.
text: Leon throws himself on Mahogany’s legs, pushing him
text: further. Mahogany swings out inches from the rock wall.
text: The wall is inches from Mahogany’s skull. He struggles to
dialog: hang on.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - OPEN DOORWAY - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 108
text: Leon pushes harder, bracing himself against the open door.
text: Mahogany panics. He’s inches from losing the top of his
text: head, he slashes his knife at Leon. Then-
text: A sickening sound as Mahogany is hit hard by a protruding
text: metal beam which the train hurtles past. His body jerks as
text: the beam continues to tear at him. His hands drop to his
text: sides. His body slides out the door, falling from the
dialog: train.
text: Leon gets to his feet. He grabs Maya and shakes her back
text: to full consciousness, then he holds them both safe by
text: using a strap to support them. They’re inches from the
text: hanging meat. She grabs him back, holding him tight.
text: They both realize the train is beginning to slow down.
text: It slows to a crawl.
dialog: 109
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: INT SUBWAY TRAIN - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 109
text: Leon checks Maya to make sure she is okay, and they
text: embrace, both glad to be alive. They both think of Jurgis.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Jurgis! Oh, no, please.
text: Both rush to the hanging Jurgis, and Maya starts crying
text: when she sees the body ripped by Mahogany’s knife. Leon
text: pulls her away, but he’s shocked by the sight of Jurgis’
text: ripped corpse.
text: Then the slowing train alerts them.
text: They are coming to the end of the line.
text: Leon looks out the windows. On one side of the train - to
text: Leon’s shock - the tunnel wall has disappeared. Darkness.
text: A few yards beyond the track, the rock face falls away.
text: Darkness. Leon looks out the door, looks down. Darkness.
text: Everything falls into darkness. He can’t tell how far.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Christ...
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY TRAIN -- NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 110
text: The train is stopped at the bottom of a deep cavern. Pitch
text: black but immense, the train a tiny shape in the gloom.
text: The ceiling arches above, but it’s too dark to see how
dialog: high.
text: The cavern itself is littered with skulls and bony decay, a
text: boneyard going back centuries, strewn with crumbling
dialog: remains.
text: All is totally still.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN -- NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 111
text: Leon and Maya look into the darkness, too dark to see.
text: Behind them, there is the noise of another door.
dialog: 79.
text: The Driver enters the car from the rear. He looks at Leon,
text: then he surveys the chaos in the train. He’s obviously
text: unfazed by the bloodshed. He sees that Mahogany is gone.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: He didn’t have what it takes
dialog: anymore. But he gave them
dialog: everything he could. He knew it
dialog: must be done. It was a
dialog: privilege.
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: I envy you.
text: Leon reacts, rage contorting his face.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Before you were born. Before
dialog: anyone living was born. Before
dialog: the city was thought of. That’s
dialog: how long or longer. And you have
dialog: found them. As only a few before
dialog: you. The small circle. We keep
dialog: the secret, and we preserve them.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
text: A servant.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: You're a killer, like him.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: A killer? No, I keep the worlds
dialog: separate. You’ll understand.
dialog: They're coming now.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I‘ll kill you if I have to.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: The Fathers. They’re coming.
dialog: The builders and rulers of the
dialog: city.
text: The Driver just stares at Leon, calmly looking at Mahogany.
text: Then the Driver clicks off the lights of the car.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Don't stand by the meat.
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 80.
dialog: Then--
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TUNNEL - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 112
text: A SKITTERING NOISE IN THE DARKNESS.
text: Leon and Maya look out and see shapes moving toward them.
text: The shapes look the size of men, and they move like they
text: are bipedal. But they are much heavier and low slung.
text: Then a noise of something on the train. Leon sees the
text: first shape as it boards. It’s head is monstrous,
text: leathery, with four rows of teeth. Huge eyes, much too
text: large for its head.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY TRAIN -- NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 113
text: Leon pulls Maya out of the car, and they both drop down
text: outside. They can make out a line of the shapes
text: approaching, like a dark wave. The things board the car
text: and ignore them.
text: They watch as the corpses in the car begin to bobble
text: obscenely - being readied for their destination.
text: With numerous uneven thuds, the corpses drop down, and Leon
text: and Maya hear them being dragged across the dark subway
dialog: car.
text: Then a shuffling noise can be heard outside the car, this
text: time its the sound of the bodies being pulled along. The
text: shuffling recedes in quiet waves, and finally all is
dialog: silent.
text: Leon looks on the car for the Driver. He’s gone. The
text: train is plunged in darkness - there’s no sign of him
text: anywhere. Maya cringes and grabs hold of Leon’s hand. He
text: reaches down and sees a pile of human bones. There are
text: skulls and remains all around. The leavings of several
dialog: centuries of feeding.
text: Leon kneels down and surveys the chaos of bones, dry skulls
text: and still-fleshy heads of those who surrendered here. Some
text: are so life-like it seems they might speak of the horror.
text: Leon approaches a pile of skulls which seem to form a
dialog: circle.
text: Suddenly, one skull comes to life. It’s a still-living
text: head, and it moves out from the circle of skulls and dead
dialog: men.
dialog: 114
dialog: 81.
text: It’s Mahogany. The top of his head is shorn off. His eyes
text: are bloodshot and furious.
text: Leon steps back startled, but it’s not an hallucination.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TUNNEL - CAVERN - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 114
scene_heading: SUDDENLY -- MAHOGANY STRIKES AT LEON WITH HIS CLEAVER.
text: Leon grabs a bone and raises it above his head for
text: protection. It shatters under the weight of the cleaver.
text: Leon struggles to his feet. Still holding the SHATTERED
speaker_heading: BONE.
text: Mahogany reaches out for him. Leon is barely able to stay
text: on his feet. He sees a sight which startles him.
text: Mahogany’s apron is gone, his shirt is torn apart from the
text: crash. In the middle of Mahogany’s chest is a wound - like
text: Leon’s - but much larger spanning his chest cavity. It’s
text: deteriorating, crusted and scarred.
text: Mahogany sees Leon’s reaction and stares coldly. Leon
text: steps back and grabs Maya, pulling her up and pushing her
dialog: away.
text: Then, behind them, in the darkness there is movement. We
text: do not see it, but something is circling the walls.
text: Saliva runs from Mahogany’s gaping mouth. He lunges at
text: Leon, swinging savagely. But this time Mahogany misses.
text: Leon spins around, sinking the shattered bone into
text: Mahogany’s side. Mahogany roars in pain, and comes at Leon
text: in a blind fury, the bone still stuck in his side.
text: Mahogany comes after Leon with the cleaver a third time.
text: Leon ducks the blow, and reaches for the bone in Mahogany’s
text: side. HE PULLS IT OUT.
text: Blood and flesh pour from the wound.
text: Mahogany hits Leon in the head with the flat side of the
text: cleaver. Opening up a wound in his head. Leon hits the
text: ground hard.
text: Mahogany charges toward Leon. Cleaver in hand. Leon just
text: gets back to his feet as--
text: Mahogany swings - cutting the air with precision. Leon
text: steps back, but not fast enough--
dialog: 82.
text: THE BLADE BURIES ITSELF IN LEON’S SHOULDER. It sticks in
dialog: the bone.
text: Leon uses the agonizing moment to his advantage. He still
text: grips the shattered bone in his hand. Its tip as sharp as a
dialog: needle.
text: The momentum of swinging the cleaver having carried
text: Mahogany slightly past Leon, Leon drives the broken bone
text: into the back of Mahogany's neck with all his might.
text: Mahogany gags. A rasping, choking sounds come out of his
text: throat. Blood bubbles out of his mouth. Out from around
text: the tip of the bone that now juts from between Mahogany's
text: teeth like a white demonic tongue. Leon has driven the bone
text: all the way thru Mahogany's neck and into his mouth.
text: Mahogany pulls the bone out of his neck. A thin stream of
text: blood pulses across the ground. He presses his hand there,
text: trying to slow the loss of blood.
text: Leon stands as Mahogany sinks to his knees. Leon's face
text: contorts with victory. He’s beaten him. But now Leon
text: falls. He is wounded and exhausted. He hits the ground on
text: his knees.
text: Mahogany turns his face up to Leon. There is no trace of
text: fear in his eyes - only relief. A smile twists his lips.
text: Leon's eyes flicker with hate. Mahogany spits, gurgling,
text: trying to form words.
speaker_heading: MAHOGANY
dialog: Welcome.
text: Mahogany begins to choke on his own blood, laughing and
text: coughing at the same time.
text: Leon's gloating fades. He looks around, and there is no
text: sign of Maya. The dark cavern is silent. She is just
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Maya!
text: Mahogany’s hand loosens on his wound, blood trickling down.
text: Leon tries to get up, but his effort is just a stumble. He
text: just looks around and repeats Maya’s name.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Maya.
dialog: 83.
text: Leon shudders from his own injuries, still on his knees.
text: Hearing the crunch of feet approaching, he looks-up to see
text: several "Fathers" closing on him.
text: Not wanting to end-up like the "meat" on the train, Leon
text: scrambles backwards thru the bones that litter the cavern
text: floor then, grabbing hold of the cleaver still embedded in
text: his shoulder, he yanks it free. Blood from the newly opened
text: wound instantly soaks his shirt.
text: Leon starts to raise the cleaver in defense but the clawed
text: hand of a "Father" grabs his wrist from behind. Leon turns.
text: There are more "Fathers" behind him. He's surrounded.
text: The cleaver falls to the ground as the "Fathers" lift Leon
text: to his feet. He's too weak to even think about fighting
text: them off. He's held up, arms outstretched arms like a
dialog: scarecrow's.
text: Another clawed hand grabs Leon's chin and forces his face
text: to turn sharply left. Leon has no choice but watch as
text: several "Fathers" pass, carrying Mahogany's now naked body.
text: They drop Mahogany to the floor and step back.
text: Just beyond Mahogany's body is absolute darkness save the
text: random highlights cast by the torches of the "Fathers".
text: And then these highlights begin to move. What appeared
text: initially to be just a cavern wall is actually the skin of
text: a being so massive that it fills the cavern floor-to-
text: ceiling and continues away from Leon and the "Fathers" to
text: an unknowable depth. The bits of skin visible are darkish
text: in color, smooth in texture although thin enough to reveal
text: the massive muscles that ripple beneath and consistently
dialog: wet. This is the "Grandfather".
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: My God.
text: From the darkness, one of the "Grandfather's" arms emerges
text: and, grabbing hold of Mahogany's head, suddenly yanks his
text: body up.
text: For a split second, the "Grandfather's" mouth is visible
text: as it opens wide and then, as Mahogany disappears inside,
text: it's swallowed again by darkness. The only evidence
text: Mahogany ever existed is the crunching of his bones.
text: Leon freaks. Struggles with all he has left to escape but
text: the "Fathers" force him to his knees. And from the
text: darkness, two of the "Grandfather's" arms emerge. Between
text: them is Maya. She is hanging a couple feet off the ground,
text: naked and porcelain white.
dialog: 84.
text: Whether she is alive is unclear at this moment but what is
dialog: clear is that Leon has never seen something so beautiful.
text: She hangs in the darkness like an angel.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Maya.
text: Maya’s eyes open. And stare down into Leon’s.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Maya, can you hear me?
text: A peaceful smile creases Maya’s lips.
speaker_heading: MAYA
dialog: Leon, this is what you've been
dialog: looking for.
text: And from the void behind Maya, two more of the
text: “Grandfather’s” arms emerge. They wrap themselves around
text: either side of Maya, meeting in the middle of her chest.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Let her go. Take me!
text: The Grandfather's finders sink easily into the flesh of
text: Maya’s chest like a baker’s into dough.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: LET HER GO!
text: And then almost tenderly the hands pull back. There is a
text: moment of resistance and then, with the faintest of CRACKS,
text: her rib cage separates and her entire torso opens,
text: revealing the organs within. There is no blood. Just the
text: play of the “Father’s” torch light on her motionless heart.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: No, no, Maya!
text: Leon bows his head, completely broken. When he looks back
text: up, the Driver is standing over him.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: And now to serve in silence.
text: The “Fathers” step back from the Driver and Leon.
text: The Driver pulls Leon’s mouth open and forces his hand into
text: Leon’s mouth and rips out Leon’s tongue. Blood cascades
text: from Leon’s mouth.
dialog: 85.
text: The Driver holds Leon’s tongue up, presenting it to Leon.
text: Then he throws it into the mass of “Fathers”. The dark
text: mass absorbs it.
text: Slowly, Leon’s breathing recovers and becomes less labored,
text: more controlled. The breathing then becomes measured,
text: even. It almost becomes normal breathing, with a slight
dialog: trembling.
text: Somehow rising to his feet, Leon moves his head toward the
text: still hovering Maya, and the Driver lets him close the
text: distance to her. Her face is almost frozen now, but Leon
text: continues to move closer.
text: Now he is face to face with her, and he moves his bloody
text: lips to kiss her. She remains fixed like a statue as he
text: begins a blood kiss, pressing his lips hard on hers.
text: Suddenly Maya seems to come alive, with blood from Leon's
text: mouth running.
text: Maya's body arches back, her chest cavity opening up
text: further, almost like wings. She gives Leon a skeletal
text: embrace which he receives in winder, his eyes becoming
text: fixed, cold, icy.
scene_heading: INT. MAHOGANY’S APARTMENT - BATHROOM -- DAY 115
text: A shrill metallic screech. Bad plumbing. A hand turns a
text: faucet off, old water pipes, a moldy bathroom.
text: The hand reaches up to straighten a tie. A modest brown
text: suit. Clean. We see shoulders. It’s fit perfectly.
text: A suit identical to the neatly-pressed one worn by
text: Mahogany. Now we see cuff links, neat like Mahogany’s cuff
text: links. And, on the wrist, a twisted silver bracelet with a
dialog: moon.
scene_heading: INT. MAHOGANY’S APARTMENT - MAIN ROOM - DAY - CONTINUOUS 116
dialog: We’ve seen this room before. It’s the main room of
text: Mahogany’s apartment. There is someone in the chair.
text: It’s Detective Hodge. She is watching a news report on the
text: small television.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR WOMAN
dialog: - apparently she acquired an
text: automatic pistol before her
dialog: disappearance.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR WOMAN (cont'd)
dialog: The police say Ms. Jones and Mr.
dialog: Tompkins are only missing at this
dialog: point, although foul play has not
dialog: been ruled out.
text: And now the man in the neat suit stands before the set,
text: watching the report with Hodge.
text: It’s Leon. But virtually a spitting image for Mahogany.
text: He shows no interest in the news and faces Hodge. She
text: gives him the once-over, then turns back to the television.
text: She reaches behind and yanks the plug. The set blinks off.
text: Leon goes to an old desk and leans over something we cannot
text: see at first. As he leans over it, we recognize the BLACK
text: VALISE. He takes out several corkscrew tools and inspects
text: them. THE LID OF THE VALISE SLOWLY CLOSES ON ITS OWN.
text: Leon steps up to the hallway door, he picks up a BLACK
text: LEATHER BAG from the floor. We hear a quiet metallic
text: clatter. Engraved on the leather is the name “Mahogany.”
text: Leon pauses and cocks his head.
text: Hodge now stands right behind Leon, and she takes a leather
text: datebook out of her coat and presents it to him. It is the
dialog: same datebook which Hodge took from Maya.
text: Leon holds the book a minute, glances at its contents, then
text: stuffs it inside his coat. He opens the outer door.
text: A uniformed cop has his back to us in the doorway, but he
text: moves to let Leon pass. And now the cop shuts the door.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - NIGHT 117
text: It’s late. We follow Leon, dressed in his suit, leather
text: bag in one hand, as he walks the aisle of an empty car.
text: His stride is purposeful. He leaves one car, enters the
text: next. We follow him through a second empty car. No one.
text: CLACK. He slides open the door to a third car and enters.
text: This car is also empty. Except one lone passenger --
text: THE YOUNG MAN FROM THE PROLOGUE.
text: The young man leans back in his seat, sleeping, unaware.
text: LEON PASSES RIGHT BY THE YOUNG MAN, SEEMING TO IGNORE HIM.
text: Leon opens the door to the next car. He stops, turns.
text: Leon looks back a second. Now he goes through the door.
text: CLACK -- THE CAR DOOR SLAMS SHUT BEHIND HIM.
dialog: 87.
dialog: 
