speaker_heading: BROOKLYN
dialog: by
dialog: Nick Hornby
speaker_heading: YELLOW SCRIPT
dialog: 24th April 2014
text: Adapted from the novel by Colm Toibin
dialog: (c) 2014
dialog: Finola Dwyer & Amanda Posey
dialog: Wildgaze Films Ltd
dialog: 53 Greek Street
speaker_heading: London W1D 3DR
speaker_heading: T: +44 (0)20 7734 7065
speaker_heading: F: +44 (0)20 7734 4250
dialog: E: bennett@wildgaze.co.uk
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. PRE-DAWN 1
text: A quiet, working-class residential street in Ireland, early
text: 1950s. It’s morning, but it’s still dark. One of the front
text: doors opens, and out slips EILIS - early twenties, open-faced
text: pretty without knowing it. She closes the door quietly behind
text: her and walks quickly up the street.
text: There is a hissed call from behind her. She turns, and her
text: sister ROSE - thirty, attractive, slender, pale - is running
text: after her, in nightdress and bare feet, holding out a piece
text: of bread and jam. Eilis takes it from her, makes a face to
dialog: show how grateful she is.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (mouthing)
dialog: Go back to bed.
text: Rose nods, tiptoes back to the house.
speaker_heading: CREDITS
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH. DAY 2
text: It’s the early mass, and the church has only a smattering of
text: worshippers. Eilis is kneeling and praying with two other
text: women: MISS KELLY, fifties, thick glasses, a constant look of
text: disapproval on her face, and MARY, the same age as Eilis, but
text: large and simple-minded - her mouth is usually open,
text: indicating her lack of comprehension at more or less any
text: given moment. Eilis yawns. Miss Kelly shoots her a look.
text: Chastened, Eilis stifles the yawn and looks fixedly ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. KELLY SHOP STREET. DAY 3
text: Finally, there is weak daylight. Mary and Eilis wait while
text: Miss Kelly finds her keys and opens the side-door to her
text: shop. This is clearly not a normal morning for Eilis - she
text: has something on her mind. She watches Miss Kelly carefully,
text: trying to judge the right moment to speak to her. The door
text: opens, Mary walks into the shop, leaving Miss Kelly and Eilis
text: bringing up the rear.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Miss Kelly, might I talk to you
dialog: later?
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: Not if what you’re going to say
dialog: will cause trouble for me in some
dialog: way or another.
text: End of conversation. Eilis closes her eyes for a moment,
text: fearful of the confrontation to come.
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 2.
scene_heading: INT. KELLY SHOP. DAY 4
text: Miss Kelly turns on the light, and we see the shop for the
text: first time. It’s a well-stocked, and well-kept, grocery
dialog: store, but it almost certainly hasn’t changed since the
text: 1920s. Eilis walks to the back of the shop to collect the
text: bread, which has obviously been there since the previous day,
text: and places it on the counter. While Miss Kelly takes a piece
text: of long, yellow paper out of its packet, Mary places a ladder
text: carefully under the old piece, which is stuck to the ceiling
text: and covered with the bodies of dead flies.
text: Later. A male customer is buying a single cigarette from
text: Eilis. Miss Kelly is peering through the shop window from an
dialog: angle.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
text: The nine o’clock mass is over,
dialog: girls. Here they come.
text: Later. The shop is packed - customers standing three or four
text: deep at the counter. Eilis and Mary are coping as best they
dialog: can; Miss Kelly is directing them, in a way designed to cause
text: maximum resentment. Miss Kelly spies a well-dressed woman
text: standing well back, and smiles at her.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: Mrs Brady, what would you like this
dialog: morning?
speaker_heading: MRS BRADY
dialog: Half-a-dozen rashers, please.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: Of course. Eilis will get that for
dialog: you now.
text: Eilis is about to serve a shabbier woman standing right in
text: front of the counter. Eilis looks at her helplessly.
speaker_heading: SHABBY WOMAN
dialog: (aggrieved)
dialog: I was next.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: And you still are. Mary, if you
dialog: serve Mr O'Leary back there, will
dialog: you make a mess of it? I suppose
dialog: you will. Let’s see.
text: Mary is stung by the barb. Miss Kelly doesn’t notice and
dialog: doesn’t care anyway.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Mr O'Leary?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 3.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 4
text: Mr O'Leary, like Mrs Brady, is well towards the back of the
text: scrum. Miss Kelly’s favouritism seems designed to cause
text: resentment and frustration, but the customers seem used to
dialog: her arbitrary treatment of them, and there are no outward
text: signs of dissent. Miss Kelly turns her attention to a timid-
text: looking woman standing right in front of her.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: TIMID WOMAN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I need some shoe polish.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: Shoe polish? Ah, but that’s not
dialog: really a Sunday item, now, is it?
dialog: These people need things for their
dialog: dinner or their tea. Why couldn't
dialog: you have remembered yesterday?
text: Miss Kelly leans over the counter to stare at the timid
text: woman’s shoes. The timid woman stares at the counter,
text: humiliated.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: Because it looks like you needed it
dialog: yesterday.
speaker_heading: TIMID WOMAN
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: Miss Kelly sighs deeply, shakes her head, and goes to find
text: the offending item.
scene_heading: INT. KELLY SHOP. LATE AFTERNOON 5
text: Miss Kelly locks the door of the shop behind the last
text: customer. Eilis stops tidying up and waits until the door is
text: locked before speaking.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Miss Kelly...
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: (tetchy)
dialog: I hadn't forgotten. Spit it out,
dialog: whatever it is.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I'm..I’m away to America.
dialog: Miss Kelly likes to think she knows everything, but this
text: gives her pause. She soon recovers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 4.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 5
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: (scornful)
dialog: Whose idea was that?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Father Flood in New York arranged
dialog: it. Rose used to play golf with
dialog: him, when he lived here. He
dialog: sponsored me. He... he found me a
dialog: job, and got me a visa, and..
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: Well, we won't be needing you back
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I don’t sail for a month. I could
dialog: work every Sunday until I go.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: I shall want to train a new girl up
text: straight away.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: But I could help.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: No, thank you.
text: She starts to turn her back on Eilis, but she has one last
dialog: thing to say.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: Your poor sister.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: My sister?
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: Oh, mothers are always being left
dialog: behind in this country. But
dialog: Rose...That’s the end for her,
dialog: isn’t it? She’ll be looking after
dialog: your mother for the rest of her
dialog: life.
text: This time she does turn her back and walk away.
scene_heading: EXT. NANCY’S HOUSE. NIGHT 6
text: Eilis is knocking at the door of a house not dissimilar to
text: her own. She scarcely has time to complete a second knock,
text: and the door flies open.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 5.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 6
text: Her friend NANCY, already wearing her coat, smiles at Eilis,
text: pulls the door shut behind her, and starts walking off down
text: the street with Eilis trailing in her wake.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. NIGHT 7
text: Nancy and Eilis walking arm-in-arm down the street. Now we
dialog: can get a chance to look at Nancy properly: she’s
text: staggeringly pretty, film-star pretty. It helps that she’s
text: dressed up and made up to go out - Eilis looks a little wan
text: by comparison, even though she’s made an effort too - but
text: even so, she’s a stunner.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: You look beautiful, Nancy.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: You look so beautiful it makes me
dialog: despair of this place.
text: Nancy laughs.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: You're the prettiest girl in County
dialog: Wexford. You should be able to
dialog: choose any man you want. And we're
dialog: hoping that George Sheridan from
dialog: the rugby club looks your way.
text: The scornful way she emphasises the social institution
text: suggests that she doesn’t think he’s much of a catch.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: (sufficiently excited to
dialog: miss the point)
dialog: Do you think he might?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Of course he will. I know you like
dialog: him, Nancy, but he’s not Gary
dialog: Cooper, is he? And those boys, with
text: their hair-oil and their blazers..
text: She shudders her distaste.
speaker_heading: NANCY
text: He has beautiful eyes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 5A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 7
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: And he’s going to come into a
dialog: beautiful shop in the Market
dialog: Square.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: (changing the subject)
dialog: Why didn’t you wear your blue
dialog: dress?
text: Now it is Eilis’s turn to look a little discomfited.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Are you asking why I didn’t make
dialog: more of an effort?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 6.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 7
text: They have reached the small hall where the dance they are
text: attending is taking place. They join a small queue to get in -
dialog: all girls.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: What if one of the boys from the
dialog: rugby club asked you to dance?
dialog: Wouldn't you like the pleasure of
dialog: telling him it’s too late?
text: They laugh.
scene_heading: INT. DANCE HALL. NIGHT 8
text: Nancy and Eilis are leaning against the wall sipping
dialog: lemonades. There aren’t many men this early in the evening,
text: and the dance-floor is almost deserted. Suddenly there is a
text: buzz from the girls scattered around the place. Eilis’s eyes
text: are drawn to the same place as everyone else’s: to the door.
text: A group of young men, dressed almost identically, and just as
text: Eilis described - blazers and hair-oil - are coming in. One
dialog: of them is JIM, who we will meet much later.
text: These young men exude a confidence bordering on arrogance -
dialog: they’re hard to like en masse - and consequently the uniform
text: looks slightly sinister. They ignore everyone in the room and
text: make their way to the soft drinks bar. Eilis rolls her eyes.
text: Nancy is blushing.
text: Later. Nancy and Eilis are still waiting. Eilis is watching
text: the rugby club boys, Nancy is looking anywhere but. The
text: camera picks out George, who is tall, confident, as oily as
dialog: his friends - and no Gary Cooper.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: He’s looked over here twice
dialog: already.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: He hasn’t!
speaker_heading: EILIS
text: He’s walking over here now.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: (still looking the other
dialog: way )
dialog: He’s not!
text: He is. We see him. Nancy, however, still has her back to him.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Why would I keep lying to you about
dialog: what George Sheridan’s doing?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 7.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 8
text: George arrives. He nods at Nancy.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Would you like to dance?
text: Nancy is almost too nervous to nod her head.
text: Moments later. George and Nancy on the dance floor. Over
text: their shoulders the camera picks up Eilis, making her way
text: towards the door, holding her coat. A couple of the rugby
text: clubbers whisper and snigger as they watch her leave.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, EILIS’S HOUSE. EVENING 9
text: It’s Eilis’s last night at home. Eilis, her mother MARY and
text: her sister Rose, are eating, initially in silence. The sound
text: of cutlery hitting crockery only serves to emphasise the
text: tension and the sadness of the evening. Eilis keeps sneaking
text: glances at the rest of her family, trying to gauge how
text: unhappy they are.
text: There’s no outward trace. Rose and her mother are both
text: concentrating on their food, determined to give nothing away.
text: Eventually Eilis has to say what is on her mind.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I wish I had written to Father
dialog: Flood about you, Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Me? I have a job. You had a couple
dialog: of hours on a Sunday working for
dialog: Nettles Kelly.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (mildly disapproving)
dialog: You shouldn’t call her that.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I think it’s quite a kind name.
dialog: Considering she’s actually a
dialog: terrible old witch.
text: Mary makes a scandalised face.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I don’t want to spend my last
text: evening talking about her.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Good.
dialog: But nobody knows what they do want to talk about.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 8.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 9
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: They say it’s hotter there in the
dialog: summer, and colder in the winter.
text: Mary puts her knife and fork down despairingly.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (with deep but clearly
dialog: displaced anxiety)
dialog: What in Heaven’s name will she do
dialog: about clothes?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: She’1l buy them, mother.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: She doesn’t want to be wasting her
dialog: money on clothes.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: She won't have much choice. She’1l
dialog: be there...
text: She stops herself from finishing the sentence. An even deeper
text: and unhappier silence falls on the table.
scene_heading: INT. EILIS’S BEDROOM. NIGHT 10
text: Close on an old and very large suitcase. It’s about two-
text: thirds full of Eilis’s things. Pull back to show Rose and
text: Eilis peering into it.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (wry)
dialog: There. It wasn’t so hard to decide
dialog: after all.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Is that really everything you own?
dialog: Oh, Eilis. I should have looked
dialog: after you better. I should have
dialog: taken you shopping twice a year,
dialog: summer and winter.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: You’ve bought most of the clothes
dialog: in this case. That’s one of the
dialog: reasons I’m going, because I can’t
dialog: buy my own.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: If it was just that, I'd spend
dialog: every penny I had on you, gladly.
dialog: But I can’t buy you a future. I
dialog: can’t buy you the kind of life you
dialog: need.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 9.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 10
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: I know. (Beat) But you’1ll come to
dialog: see me there one day?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: And you'll look after yourself?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You don’t have to worry about me.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: And I’1l come home to visit, won’t
dialog: I? Because I couldn't bear it if...
text: Rose has to stop this, because she can’t bear it either.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You haven’t packed your shoes yet.
dialog: They'll take up a bit of room.
scene_heading: EXT. LINER. DAY 11
text: Eilis is wedged at the deck-rail of a large passenger liner,
text: along with a lot of other emigres, her large suitcase in
text: front of her. Among the crowd on the dock below her are Rose
text: and Mary. There are a lot of tears, from passengers and the
text: people they are leaving behind. Rose and Mary, however, like
text: Eilis, are keeping everything in. The ship blasts its horn to
text: announce its imminent departure; everyone jumps and laughs
text: nervously, and the waving becomes more frantic. Rose and
text: Mary, however, suddenly turn away from the boat and push
text: through the crowd. Rose looks back helplessly and blows Eilis
text: a kiss. Eilis watches the backs of the two of them until they
text: disappear out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE, LINER. DAY 12
text: Eilis bumps her case down the narrow steps deep in the bowels
text: of the boat. She reaches a corridor and examines the sign on
text: the wall directing passengers to their berths. She has to
text: descend still deeper into the boat.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN. DAY 13
text: Eilis’s cabin is tiny and windowless, and she has to share it
text: with someone: there are two bunk beds. She wedges her
text: suitcase into an available space.
text: She opens the bathroom door. The bathroom is tiny. It
text: contains a toilet and a sink.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 13
text: There is another door, apparently leading into the next
text: cabin. A sign on the door says ‘UNLOCK WHEN NOT IN USE’.
text: Eilis pushes it open and sees two middle-aged women
text: unpacking.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Sorry.
text: She shuts it again quickly. She doesn’t know what to do, so
text: lies down on the bottom bunk with her hands behind her head,
text: staring. She closes her eyes, but suddenly the cabin door
text: bursts open and a glamorous blonde, late thirties, bustles in
text: to the room with a large trunk. This is GEORGINA, her cabin-
dialog: mate.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: off!
text: Eilis sits up and stares at her, uncomprehending. Georgina
text: waves a ticket at her.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA (CONT’D)
dialog: Number one. Bottom bunk. That’s
dialog: mine. You’re on the top.
text: Eilis scrambles up the ladder to her bed. She can’t sit up -
text: the ceiling is too low - so she has to lie down, and is
text: therefore unable to make eye-contact with Georgina throughout
dialog: the scene.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: This is hell. Never again.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (trying to be friendly)
dialog: Never again to America?
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: The mistake was coming home from
dialog: America in the first place. I'd do
dialog: anything to get out of this
dialog: horrible cabin, and I mean
dialog: anything. Let’s go for a smoke.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I don’t.
text: Georgina rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: Suit yourself. I’1l see you later.
dialog: Unless I find a nice man in First
dialog: to smoke with.
text: She bustles out.
dialog: 14
scene_heading: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 10A.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM. NIGHT 14
text: Eilis is on her own in the Third Class dining room. She is
text: eating a plate of very brown and very unappetising-looking
text: mutton stew. She eats as much as she can, although a lot of
text: the meat is gristle, which she has to extract from her mouth
text: with a napkin, as discreetly as possible.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 14
text: She finishes, dabs her mouth with the napkin. The under-
text: employed waiter comes over immediately to clear away her
dialog: plate.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: It’s good to see that not
text: everybody's put off their dinner by
dialog: the weather forecast.
text: Eilis looks at him blankly.
speaker_heading: WAITER (CONT'D)
dialog: (cheerful)
dialog: It’s supposed to be a rough one
dialog: tonight, so none of the other
text: passengers are eating. A few
text: spoonfuls of soup, maybe, but not
text: the mutton stew.
text: Comprehension dawns. Eilis looks stricken.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN. NIGHT 15
text: Eilis is standing in her nightgown, clutching her toothbrush
text: and toothpaste. She is waiting outside the locked bathroom.
text: She taps on the door. Nothing. She waits a few moments. She
text: puts her ear to the door, but the only noise comes from the
text: ships engines - in Third Class, a loud, deep constant. She
text: grimaces suddenly, and closes her eyes. She’s sweating. She
text: knocks on the bathroom door again.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (to the door)
dialog: Oh, please unlock it.
text: She can’t wait any longer. She stumbles out into the corridor
dialog: looking for a toilet...
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR. NIGHT 16
text: .--Nothing. She tries to go upstairs to the Second Class
text: cabins, but the door at the bottom of the stairs is locked.
text: She's desperate now. In an alcove of the corridor, she sees a
text: mop and bucket. She picks up the bucket, ready to throw up in
text: it - but as soon as she does so, she realises that her
text: problems are at the other end. She puts the bucket on the
text: floor, squats over it. She looks around desperately for
text: something to wipe herself with, but there is only the mop.
text: She hates herself, and everything that has led to her being
text: here. She starts to throw up.
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 12.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN. NIGHT 17
text: Eilis comes back in, holding the mop and the bucket. She
text: knocks on the bathroom door again. No answer, but this time
text: she hears the sound of retching. She pukes into the bucket.
text: For a moment there is a little contrapuntal symphony of
text: retching.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN. DAY 18
text: Eilis is asleep on the bottom bunk. Close on her face - green-
text: tinged, sweaty. A hand touches her face, and Eilis opens her
text: eyes. It’s Georgina.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I’m so sorry about the smell. And
dialog: the bucket.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Oh, don’t worry. The whole boat
dialog: stinks. Even First Class. I’ve just
dialog: been thrown out of there, by the
dialog: way, so you’ll have me throwing up
dialog: in here too.
speaker_heading: EILIS
text: The bathroom door was locked all
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: (angry on Eilis’s behalf)
dialog: Oh, those bastards. That’s what
dialog: people do. They keep the bathroom
dialog: for themselves on rough nights.
dialog: We'll fix them.
text: She fishes in a handbag and finds a nail-file. Deftly, she
text: unlocks the bathroom door. There’s nobody in there. Quickly,
text: she pulls her trunk into the bathroom and jams it against the
text: door on the other side. There is now no room in front of the
dialog: toilet.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: It won’t be very comfortable. But
dialog: at least it’s ours now.
text: They smile at each other. Almost immediately there is a
text: furious knocking on the bathroom door. Georgina hurls herself
text: against the door with a fury.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: Fuck off! Do you hear me? Fuck off!
dialog: If you’d been nice last night, we
dialog: would have played fair.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 13.
scene_heading: 18 CONTINUED: 18
speaker_heading: GEORGINA (CONT'D)
dialog: But now you’ve got no toilet for
dialog: five days, you bastards.
text: Eilis laughs, and then winces.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: Go on, you can use it. I’m going to
dialog: get us some water. That’s all
dialog: you're allowed. You’1l bring it all
dialog: up again, but you won’t feel so
dialog: bad. And you'll be right as rain
text: after a night’s sleep.
scene_heading: 19 INT. CABIN. DAY 19
text: Georgina comes into the cabin. Eilis emerges from the shower,
text: drying herself. She’s looking better.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: (mock-dramatic)
dialog: We have a peace treaty.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: With next door?
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: Yes. They have given their solemn
dialog: word never to lock the bathroom
text: door when they’re not using it.
dialog: They know they’re out of their
dialog: depth with me.
text: The women smile at each other.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA (CONT’D)
dialog: Are you going to America to live?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: You have papers and everything?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes. And a job.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: You have family there?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: No.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 14.
scene_heading: 19 CONTINUED: 19
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: Well. You’1l make friends easy
dialog: enough. Where will you be staying?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: In Brooklyn. New York.
text: Georgina smiles wrily.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: Ah. Well, try and remember that
dialog: sometimes it’s nice to meet people
dialog: who don’t know your auntie. Just
dialog: every now and again.
scene_heading: 20 EXT. DECK. DAY 20
text: Eilis and Georgina are leaning on the rails of the third-
text: class deck, looking out to sea.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I haven't been sick for hours.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: It’s nice, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I’m very hungry.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: That's why you haven’t been sick
dialog: for hours. We can eat soon. Maybe
dialog: tomorrow.
scene_heading: 21 INT. CANTEEN. NIGHT 21
text: Georgina and Eilis eating in the canteen. The journey is
text: nearly over, so there are more diners now. Both women look
text: tired and pale. Georgina studies Eilis.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: Oh, dear. We’1ll have to do
dialog: something with you. They’1ll put you
dialog: in quarantine or something if you
dialog: try to enter the country looking
dialog: like that.
scene_heading: 22 INT. CABIN. NIGHT 22
text: Georgina is pulling clothes out of Eilis’s case.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: Nothing fancy. You mustn’t look
text: like a tart.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 22
text: She carries on pulling the plain-looking clothes out of the
dialog: case.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh. Well. Looking like a tart isn’t
dialog: going to be a problem.
text: She finds a white dress with a red floral pattern.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA (CONT’D)
dialog: That’s not too bad.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: My sister gave me that.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: Wear it with this...
text: She finds a plain cardigan.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA (CONT’D)
dialog: And this.
text: She pulls out a plain scarf.
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION CENTRE. DAY 23
text: Eilis is in the queue to get in to the immigration centre,
text: looking anxiously ahead of her. Her compatriots, men and
text: women and children, are all around her. She is wearing make-
text: up, and she looks very different - much less naive.
text: Over her shoulder, we see A VISTA OF THE MANHATTAN SKYLINE.
text: Eilis stares at it for a little while, wide-eyed.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA (V.O.)
dialog: Don’t look too innocent. I’11 put
dialog: some rouge and mascara on you. And
dialog: perhaps some eye-liner.
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION CENTRE. DAY 24
text: Eilis inside, approaching the officials. We watch with her as
text: a family is in the process of being turned away: a man, his
text: wife, a toddler and a baby. The woman (and baby) are crying,
text: the man distraught. They are clearly poor: the man’s boots
text: have holes in them.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA (V.O.)
dialog: Polish your shoes, and don’t cough,
dialog: whatever you do. And stand up
dialog: straight.
text: Eilis remembers to stand tall. She’s looking at all the
text: people around her, and the hard-luck stories they represent.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 24
text: A few minutes later. Eilis is showing her papers to the
dialog: official.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA (V.O.)
dialog: Don’t be rude, or pushy, but don’t
text: look nervous.
text: It’s as if Eilis remembers the advice even as we’re hearing
text: it: she suddenly lifts her eyes from the official’s shoulders
text: towards a point ahead of him - towards America.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA (V.O.)
dialog: Think like an American. You have to
dialog: know where you’re going.
text: The official hands Eilis her papers back and ushers her
text: through. She walks towards the light on the other side, and
text: suddenly the sun blanches out everything; we just see a
text: silhouette, walking into nowhere.
scene_heading: EXT. MRS. KEHOE’S STREET. EARLY EVENING 25
text: Eilis is struggling with her suitcase down a dimly-lit
text: Brooklyn residential street.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, MRS. KEHOE’S HOUSE. EVENING 26
text: Round a dining table in a basement kitchen are five girls,
text: including Eilis, and a middle-aged lady. This is the
text: impeccably-dressed landlady of Eilis’s lodging-house in
text: Brooklyn, MRS KEHOE. The girls are standing and holding
text: hands, while Mrs Kehoe says grace, so we get a good look at
dialog: them.
text: Two of the girls - PATTY and DIANA - are young and
text: attractive. Patty is the only native American in the house -
text: the rest are Irish. Patty and Diana are a double-act, firm
text: friends and quick to defend each other. SHEILA is older,
text: glamorous in a femme fatale way, with a chequered history.
text: There is constant tension between Patty and Diana on one side
text: and Sheila on the other. MISS MCADAM is prim, plain,
text: bespectacled, severe-looking and from Belfast.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: Bless us, oh Lord, and these thy
dialog: gifts which we are about to receive
dialog: from thy bounty through Christ our
dialog: Lord, Amen.
speaker_heading: MISS MCADAM
dialog: Amen.
text: Patty and Diana exchange glances and try not to laugh at Miss
text: McAdam's piety. Everyone sits down to eat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 17.
scene_heading: 26 CONTINUED: 26
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: I saw you had a letter today,
dialog: Diana. Any news?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Mr de Valera has had another
text: operation on his eyes, she says.
dialog: He’s been in Holland.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: (dismissively)
dialog: I don’t want news I can read in a
dialog: newspaper.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: (artfully)
dialog: Anyway, we would describe Mr de
dialog: Valera as “politics”, would we not,
dialog: Mrs Kehoe? And we do not like
text: politics at the dinner table.
text: Her firmness is parodic - she’s making fun of Mrs Kehoe, who
text: seems not to notice.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: We don’t.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (aggrieved)
dialog: It’s not politics, to talk about
dialog: eye operations.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: It is if the eyes belong to a
dialog: politician. And I don’t like to
dialog: talk about hospitals very much,
dialog: either. Patty, have you had any
dialog: luck with that cold cream?
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: No, Mrs Kehoe. It still hasn’t come
dialog: in. I asked Miss Tyler in
dialog: Cosmetics. And I showed her the
dialog: advertisement.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: I don’t want to have to travel all
dialog: the way to Manhattan for a jar of
dialog: cold cream. Maybe you could have a
dialog: look in Bartocci’s for me, Eilis?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes, Mrs Kehoe.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: Oh, Bartocci’s is bound to have it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 26
text: Patty rolls her eyes.
dialog: Mrs Kehoe
dialog: There are
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: She doesn’t know for sure, Mrs
dialog: Kehoe. She’s saying that Bartocci’s
dialog: is a better store than Webster's,
dialog: just to get at Patty.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: They’re both very good, and you
dialog: girls are lucky to be working
dialog: there. Eilis, from the look of you,
dialog: you have greasy skin, is that
dialog: right? What do you do about that?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Just...Well, I wash it, Mrs Kehoe.
dialog: With soap.
speaker_heading: MISS MCADAM
dialog: There’s nothing wrong with soap.
dialog: Soap was good enough for Our Lord.
dialog: I expect.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: And which brand did he use, Miss
dialog: McAdam? Does the Bible tell you
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: And our Lord was a man, anyway. He
dialog: didn’t care about greasy skin.
text: shakes her head in disbelief.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: Ladies. No more talk about Our
text: Lord's complexion at dinner,
dialog: please. (Beat) Girls, you will help
dialog: Eilis find something suitable,
dialog: won’t you?
text: enthusiastic murmurings of consent. Eilis tries to
dialog: look pleased.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM. NIGHT 27
text: Eilis in the dark in her small bedroom, trying to sleep. It’s
text: hot, and the house is alive with noise, even late at night.
dialog: There are
text: footsteps on the ceiling above her, and the sound
text: of a lavatory chain flushing through the wall. Down the
text: hallway, there is the sound of a whispered conversation
text: between two of the girls. Eilis gives up on sleep, opens her
text: eyes properly and stares at the ceiling.
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 19.
scene_heading: EXT. MRS KEHOE’S STREET. DAY 28
text: Early morning. Eilis shutting the door of Mrs Kehoe’s
text: brownstone behind her. She walks up the quiet street.
scene_heading: EXT. FULTON STREET. DAY 29
text: The camera picks Eilis out in the bustle of people. She’s
text: waiting to cross the road; on the other side is Bartocci’s,
text: the department store where she works.
scene_heading: INT. STAFF ROOM, BARTOCCI’S. DAY 30
text: Eilis takes her clock card from the holder in the wall, puts
text: it in the machine, waits for the heavy thud of the punch,
text: puts the card back in the holder. She walks to her locker,
text: puts on the blue uniform that all the female shop assistants
text: wear. As she changes, a colleague, DOROTHY - the same age as
text: Eilis, but chattier, - and cattier - starts to change at the
text: locker next to hers.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Good morning.
text: They change in silence for a couple of moments.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Did you go out last night?
text: Eilis looks at her blankly. Dorothy laughs.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
text: Out. The opposite of in.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I went to see a movie with my
dialog: boyfriend.
text: Eilis carries on changing. Dorothy becomes exasperated by
text: Eilis’s lack of engagement, and embarks on both sides of the
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: “What did you see, Dorothy?” “I saw
dialog: ‘The Quiet Man’, Eilis. They filmed
dialog: it in Ireland.” “Oh, I’m from
dialog: Ireland.” “I know you are. That’s
dialog: why I thought you might be
dialog: interested.”
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 30
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Eilis finishes changing and walks out of the room. Dorothy
text: watches her go.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 31
scene_heading: INT. BARTOCCI’S. DAY 32
text: Close on a small metal case with a hinged door on one end. We
text: see Eilis’s hand putting cash and a docket into the holder,
text: and closing the door. Eilis pushes the holder firmly into a
text: tube, and it whizzes up to the ceiling.
text: The camera follows the tube system a little way and then
text: pulls back, to reveal the women’s department of a beautiful
text: 1950s department store in all its quiet, dignified splendour -
text: lots of dark wood, lots of lovingly-arranged items of
dialog: clothing. Very few of us have ever seen, or can remember
dialog: properly, a store like this, but we ache for its loss anyway.
text: Eilis is standing behind the counter, smiling pleasantly at a
text: customer, a middle-aged white woman.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Shouldn’t be a moment.
text: They wait in silence. A few yards away, and unnoticed by
text: Eilis initially, stands Eilis’s supervisor MISS FORTINI -
text: thirtysomething, utterly devoted to the store. She’s watching
text: Eilis carefully.
text: Finally Eilis spots her. Miss Fortini clearly makes her
text: uncomfortable. Eilis tries to maker herself look busy. She
text: puts the stocking that the woman has bought into a bag, and
text: then starts to write something down on a docket. Unseen by
text: the customer, Miss Fortini tells Eilis in mime to speak and
text: to smile. Eilis freezes even more. Miss Fortini steps towards
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (in a rush)
dialog: Is it still hot out there? I
dialog: haven’t been outside since this
dialog: morning but I can tell that it
dialog: might be. Very. It just..looks it.
text: She ends this awkward little speech with a forced smile, but
text: it’s enough to ward off Miss Fortini, who switches her
text: attention elsewhere for a moment, to Eilis’s visible relief.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: It’s warm, yes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 32
text: The metal tube returns with a whoosh and a clank. Eilis
text: extracts the change and the docket, and hands both to the
text: customer. The moment she has gone, Miss Fortini returns.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: Remember: if people like it here,
text: they’11 come back.
text: Eilis nods, as if Miss Fortini has said something deep, or
dialog: interesting.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: So you treat every customer as if
dialog: she’s a new friend. Is that a deal?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I’ll try.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: (gently)
dialog: It’s not a matter of trying. It’s
dialog: what you have to do. (Beat) Do you
dialog: try to wear panties every day?
text: The analogy is slightly off, inappropriate, and Eilis is
text: thrown for a moment.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: No. I mean, I don’t try. I..I just
dialog: put them on.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: You see what I’m saying?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: Good.
scene_heading: INT. DINER. DAY 33
text: Lunch time. While Eilis eats her grilled cheese sandwich at
text: the counter, she watches her fellow diners - male colleagues
text: smoking and joking, girlfriends talking animatedly, people on
text: their own reading the newspaper. Everyone seems to know what
text: they're doing there except Eilis - everyone seems comfortable
text: in their own skin, absorbed in their environment. Eilis looks
text: anxious and uncomfortable and lost. She finishes her
text: sandwich, swallows as quickly as she can, catches the eye of
text: the young, handsome waiter.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Could I have the bill please?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 22.
speaker_heading: 33 CONTINUED: 33
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: I hope that when I go through the
dialog: pearly gates, the first sound I
dialog: hear is you asking me for the bill
dialog: in that lovely Irish brogue.
text: Eilis smiles nervously. She leaves some money on the counter
text: and stands up to leave.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: See you tomorrow, sweetheart.
text: Eilis gives a quick, thin smile and walks out.
scene_heading: 34 EXT. STREET. DAY 34
text: Eilis comes out of the lunch joint and exhales.
scene_heading: 35 INT. DINING ROOM, MRS. KEHOE’S HOUSE. EVENING. 35
text: The girls and Mrs Kehoe are eating dinner, in exactly the
dialog: same formation as the first time we saw them.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: Have they told you a date for the
dialog: nylon sale yet, Eilis? We’ve never
dialog: had a Bartocci’s girl living here.
dialog: (She taps her nose) We may get some
dialog: inside information.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I haven't been told anything.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: I‘1l bet you wouldn't let on if you
dialog: had.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: She’s that sort. More loyal to her
text: bosses than to her friends.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: Like a Red spy.
text: Eilis is flustered.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: Oh, dear God.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: I‘1l thank you to keep His name out
dialog: of a conversation about nylons,
dialog: thank you very much.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 23.
scene_heading: 35 CONTINUED: 35
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE (CONT'D)
dialog: He might be everywhere, but He’s
text: not in Bartocci’s on sale day.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: I’m sorry, Mrs Kehoe.
text: They all settle back down.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: I was glad to see you finally got
dialog: some letters from home today,
dialog: Eilis.
text: Eilis looks up from her plate as if electrocuted.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Did I? I..I forgot to check.
text: She half-stands - she can’t wait.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: They’1l still be there after
dialog: dinner.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Oh. Yes. I’m sorry.
scene_heading: 36 INT. BEDROOM. EVENING 36
text: The door bursts open and Eilis comes rushing in, clutching
text: her letters. She sits down on the bed, and tears the first
text: one open. As soon as she starts reading she begins to weep
text: uncontrollably. We hear ROSE’s voice.
speaker_heading: ROSE (V.0O)
dialog: The big news here is that since you
text: left, Mummy has stopped shopping at
dialog: Nettles Kelly's.
scene_heading: 36A INT. OFFICE. DAY. 36A
text: Rose is at her desk, writing to Eilis.
speaker_heading: ROSE (V.O.)
dialog: As you know, her bread wasn’t
dialog: always fresh, and she overcharged
dialog: for everything. And she’s awful.
scene_heading: 36B INT. BEDROOM. EVENING. 36B
text: Rose’s voice fades out. Eilis’s crying reaches a new level -
text: she has to stop reading because she can no longer see. The
text: banal domestic details of her old life intensify her
text: homesickness to an agonising pitch.
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 24.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, MRS. KEHOE’S HOUSE, DAY 37
text: The girls are eating their breakfast and ignoring Eilis, who
text: is still reading and re-reading her letters. She’s not
text: crying, but she’s pale and unhappy-looking.
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: I haven’t told her to her face.
dialog: There’s no need. She knows that she
dialog: overcharges and her bread’s not
dialog: fresh.
scene_heading: INT. DINER. DAY 38
text: Eilis at what is obviously her usual position in the diner.
text: Her sandwich and glass of milk are untouched in front of her.
text: She's reading the letters again.
speaker_heading: ROSE (V.O.)
dialog: We talk about you every evening, of
dialog: course. We want to know everything.
dialog: I’m sure you're busy, but even if
dialog: your letters were two hundred
dialog: pages, they wouldn’t be long enough
dialog: for your mother. Take care of
dialog: yourself. Love.
scene_heading: INT. BARTOCCI’S. DAY 39
text: Eilis at her counter. Her customary look of timidity has been
text: replaced by something altogether more despairing, and as she
text: serves a customer, she is quite clearly struggling for
text: composure. Miss Fortini watches from a distance. The customer
text: takes her purchase and leaves. Miss Fortini walks up to her.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: Is it your time of the month?
text: Eilis shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI (CONT’D)
dialog: So what is it?
text: Eilis cannot stops the tears. She shakes her head again.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI (CONT’D)
dialog: You cannot carry on like this. You
dialog: must either cheer up, or pretend to
dialog: cheer up. Take some time off now.
dialog: Go and sit in the staff room.
dialog: 40
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 25.
scene_heading: INT. STAFF ROOM. DAY 40
text: Eilis sitting on her own in the large, shabby staff room,
text: full of overflowing ashtrays and coffee-cups with lipstick
text: rings on them. She’s still holding her glass of water.
text: Dorothy, her colleague, comes in.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I forgot something.
text: She rummages, in a desultory fashion, through a pile of
text: newspapers and magazines on a table.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY (CONT'D)
dialog: I heard you pulled a stunt. Nice
dialog: work if you can get it, sitting on
text: a chair in the staff room sipping a
text: glass of water.
text: The door opens, and Miss Fortini comes into the room with
text: FATHER FLOOD. Father Flood is bearded, pleasant-looking,
text: clearly trustworthy. He smiles warmly at Eilis.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: I’m so sorry, Eilis. This is all my
dialog: fault.
text: Eilis looks at him, surprised. Father Flood is about to
text: continue, but he looks at Dorothy first.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD (CONT’D)
dialog: Would you give us a moment? Thank
dialog: you.
text: Dorothy leaves, throwing Eilis a look. Miss Fortini notes it.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD (CONT’D)
dialog: I'd been led to believe that you
dialog: didn’t need looking after. Franco
dialog: Bartocci said you were doing great
dialog: here. Ma Kehoe said you were the
dialog: nicest lodger she'd ever had...
text: Eilis smiles.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Ma Kehoe!
text: Miss Fortini, observing the slight uplift in Eilis’s mood,
text: slips out of the room.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: Don’t ever call her that to her
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 40
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: But I'd forgotten just how bad it
dialog: feels to be away from home. Do you
dialog: spend every second thinking about
dialog: giving up here and going back?
text: Eilis nods vehemently.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD (CONT’D)
dialog: But at the same time, you know you
dialog: can’t, because there’s nothing
dialog: there. It would be the end of you.
text: She says nothing.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD (CONT’D)
dialog: I have enrolled you in a night
dialog: class. For book-keeping. Brooklyn
dialog: College, the best there is. It
dialog: will be three nights a week, but
dialog: you'll get a good qualification at
dialog: the end of it. And I’ve paid your
dialog: tuition for the first semester.
text: Eilis looks at him wonderingly.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Why?
text: Father Flood smiles.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: “Why?” Not, “Thank you”?
text: Eilis looks stricken.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I’m sorry. Thank you. But...Why?
text: Father Flood thinks for a moment.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: I was amazed that someone as
dialog: clever as you couldn’t find proper
dialog: work. I have been here too long: I
dialog: forget what it’s like in Ireland.
dialog: So when your sister wrote to me
dialog: about you, I said that the Church
dialog: would try to help. Anyway, we need
dialog: Irish girls in Brooklyn.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I wish I could stop feeling that I
dialog: want to be an Irish girl in
dialog: Ireland.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 27.
scene_heading: 40 CONTINUED: 40
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: All I can say is that it will pass.
dialog: Homesickness is like most
dialog: sicknesses. It will make you feel
dialog: wretched, and then it will move on
dialog: to somebody else.
text: Eilis thinks about this, and nods decisively.
scene_heading: 4l INT. BROOKLYN COLLEGE. NIGHT 41
text: Eilis listening to a lecture in her night class. She's
text: absorbed, anxious, furiously taking notes. She is the only
text: woman in the class; the men are all either Jewish or Italian.
text: The lecturer, MR ROSENBLUM, is in his forties, bespectacled,
text: and wearing a skull-cap. He’s animated by his subject, but
text: it’s clear that most of the class are despairingly perplexed.
speaker_heading: MR ROSENBLUM
dialog: Now, Taylor versus Standard Gas Co
dialog: is one of the most important
dialog: corporate cases decided in the
dialog: Supreme Court in the last twenty
dialog: years. This was the case
dialog: responsible for the Deep Rock
dialog: doctrine, so it’s maybe the biggest
dialog: milestone in parent-subsidiary law.
dialog: In public utility integration
dialog: proceedings alone...
text: He stops, looks at his students, to emphasise the point he is
dialog: making.
speaker_heading: MR ROSENBLUM (CONT’D)
dialog: .. literally thousands of investors
dialog: may be affected by its application.
text: We see a close-up of Eilis’s pad: she’s underlining the words
text: ‘literally thousands’.
scene_heading: 42 INT. BROOKLYN COLLEGE - CORRIDOR. NIGHT 42
text: Eilis is sitting outside the lecture room on a wooden bench,
text: while the other students stretch their limbs and yawn. She’s
text: eating a sandwich. A young Jewish man is sitting a few feet
text: away from her, doing the same thing. He looks at her.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Did you understand any of that? I
dialog: mean, a single word?
text: Eilis, eating, shakes her head, covers her mouth with her
text: hands, laughs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 42
speaker_heading: EILIS
text: He’s not even reading from a book.
dialog: He just knows all this.
text: He stands up.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Let’s hope the next hour is easier.
text: He smiles at her and goes back into the hall as Eilis crams
text: the last remaining crust into her mouth.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, MRS. KEHOE’S HOUSE. EVENING 43
text: Dinner time, all the girls and their landlady, the usual
text: formation. Miss McAdam, the battle-axe from Belfast, is
dialog: holding forth.
speaker_heading: MISS MCADAM
dialog: One of the things that ruins
dialog: Christmas in America is the turkey.
dialog: It all tastes of sawdust.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: So that’s one cheese sandwich for
dialog: Miss McAdam, and extra turkey for
dialog: everyone else.
text: The girls snigger; Diana brays.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ladies, please. Eilis, Father Flood
dialog: told me about your Christmas plans.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Oh, you’re not serving lunch to the
dialog: old fellas who’ve got nowhere to
dialog: go, are you? He asks us every year,
dialog: and we always say no.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: You're a saint, Eilis. They smell
dialog: awful.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: Sheila knows how they smell because
dialog: that’s where she goes husband-
dialog: hunting.
text: Diana brays again.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: As I cannot stand to hear Diana
dialog: laugh again, I would appreciate it
dialog: if you kept your witticisms to
dialog: yourself, Patty.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 43
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s a marvellous thing you’re
dialog: doing, Eilis. A Christian thing. I
dialog: wish there were more like you. I’1l
dialog: be doing some of the cooking
dialog: myself.
text: Silence falls around the table. The other girls look at
text: Eilis, some pityingly, some clearly irritated.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. DAY 44
text: It’s a bright, cold Christmas morning. Mrs Kehoe and Eilis
text: are on their way to Father Flood’s lunch. They’re both
text: carrying big bags of potatoes.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: I know how you’re feeling, Eilis.
dialog: The first Christmas away is hard
dialog: for all my girls, but there’s
dialog: nothing I can do. All I can say is
dialog: that the next one won’t be as bad.
dialog: Eilis cannot afford to think that far ahead, and in any case
text: there is little consolation in Mrs Kehoe’s words.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: No. I suppose not.
scene_heading: INT. PARISH HALL. DAY 45
text: The hall is old, and shabby, but it has been decorated with
text: paper streamers, and it looks cheery and welcoming. There are
text: several long trestle tables, each the length of the hall.
text: Eilis and many other women, including Mrs Kehoe, all wearing
text: paper hats, are laying the tables. Father Flood looks on
dialog: anxiously.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: I think we will have to open the
dialog: doors, ready or not. Maureen?
text: A woman standing near the large double doors unbolts them and
text: opens them. Immediately, old, shabby, tubercular men start to
text: pour through the door in an apparently never-ending stream.
text: It is a haunting, moving sight: the lost, the lonely and the
text: defeated. Eilis forgets herself and stares at them.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (to Father Flood)
dialog: How many are we expecting?
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: There were two hundred last year.
dialog: There may be more this.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 45
text: Eilis and Father Flood watch as the men are chivvied along to
text: one of the long trestle tables. Almost immediately they are
text: served with soup and stout.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD (CONT’D)
dialog: All Irish. And all Irish men, more
dialog: or less. The occasional couple,
text: when the woman is too old to cook.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Why don’t they go home?
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: If there’s nothing at home for a
dialog: young clever girl such as yourself,
dialog: there’s nothing at home for men
dialog: like these. Some of them have been
dialog: here nearly fifty years and have
dialog: lost touch with everyone. These are
dialog: the men who built the tunnels and
dialog: the bridges and the highways. God
dialog: alone knows what they live on now.
text: Eilis becomes fixated by one particular man. He is wearing an
text: old brown coat and a scarf, and his cap almost obscures his
text: face. She looks as though she’s seen a ghost. She puts her
text: hand to her mouth in shock.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD (CONT’D)
dialog: Don’t tell me you know someone
dialog: here.
text: Eilis can’t speak for a moment.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: My da.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: I was told that your father had
dialog: passed away.
text: Eilis recovers herself.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes. He did. Four years ago. I’m
dialog: sorry.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: I understand. Christmas lunch in
dialog: the Parish Hall... It’s like seeing
dialog: faces in the fire. It’s happened to
dialog: me. I have seen men from my
dialog: childhood who must have been dead
dialog: thirty years or more. Which one?
text: Eilis points at the man in the brown coat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 31.
scene_heading: 45 CONTINUED: 45
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD (CONT’D)
dialog: Ah. Frankie Doran. He’s not your
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Do you know everyone here?
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: No. But I know him. You’ll see why
dialog: later.
text: Later. The room is filled with smoke and conversation and
text: laughter. The tables are being cleared away, and bottles in
text: brown carrier bags are being passed around. In a corner of
text: the room, two men are playing fiddles and another a small
text: accordion. Father Flood pulls out a chair, stands on it and
text: clears his throat. Slowly, the room falls silent.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: I don’t want to interrupt the
dialog: proceedings, but I’m sure you'd
dialog: like to show your appreciation to
dialog: all the ladies here for their hard
dialog: day’s work.
text: Father Flood leads the applause. Some of the men are
text: applauding in Eilis’s direction - she’s the youngest helper
text: in the room - and she blushes, smiles, looks down at her
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: And by way of a thank you
dialog: present... As many of you know,
dialog: there’s a great singer in the room
dialog: today, and perhaps he can be
dialog: persuaded to entertain us all.
dialog: Frankie?
text: The man in the brown coat gets to his feet and starts to sing
text: in Irish. The musicians in the corner join in, tentatively at
text: first, but then with confidence and sympathy. He sings the
text: slow, mournful ballad beautifully, and the smoke and squalor
text: of the room, the poverty of the diners, become beautiful too.
text: The haunting music carries on over the following montage:
scene_heading: 46 INT. PARISH HALL. DAY 46
text: Two men, both in their sixties, are swinging punches at each
text: other. Some of the men watch on amused; Father Flood and a
text: couple of the others try to separate them.
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 32.
scene_heading: INT. PARISH HALL. DAY 47
text: The room is nearly empty. Father Flood, Eilis and the other
text: ladies are trying to rouse some of the casualties of the
text: lunch; it’s like a battlefield. One or two of the men are
text: lying in pools of their own urine.
scene_heading: EXT. PARISH HALL. DUSK 48
text: Eilis steps out into a blizzard. There is a man sitting
text: against the wall, asleep.
scene_heading: EXT. BROOKLYN. DUSK 49
text: Eilis making her way through the deserted streets, alone, the
text: wind and snow cutting through her.
text: Montage and music end.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY, MRS. KEHOE’S HOUSE. NIGHT 50
text: Eilis enters Mrs Kehoe’s house, shakes herself off, takes off
text: her coat. We can hear, from upstairs, the peals of laughter
text: and tipsy shrieks of the other lodgers. Mrs Kehoe emerges
text: from the front room.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: Would you like to come into the
text: front room for a glass of
dialog: something? You've earned it.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ROOM, MRS KEHOE’S HOUSE. NIGHT 51
text: The room is large, and surprisingly well-furnished: old rugs,
text: heavy, comfortable-looking furniture, dark pictures in gold
text: frames. There is an old gramophone and a wireless in one
text: corner of the room, and a roaring fire in the hearth. Eilis
text: takes it all in while Mrs Kehoe pours her a glass of sherry.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: You survived.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Oh, it wasn’t so bad.
text: Mrs Kehoe gives her the sherry and they sit down.
speaker_heading: EILIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Happy Christmas.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 33.
speaker_heading: 51 CONTINUED: 51
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: Cheers.
text: They sip their drinks ruminatively.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE (CONT'D)
text: Miss McAdam is leaving us. She is
dialog: going to live with her sister in
dialog: Manhattan.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Ah.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
text: She has the best room in the house.
dialog: The basement. It’s the biggest and
dialog: the warmest and the quietest and
dialog: the best-appointed, and it has its
dialog: own entrance.
text: Eilis doesn’t say anything, but she knows what’s coming.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: I can only let a certain kind of
dialog: girl stay there, do you see?
text: Eilis nods, while suppressing a smile. Mrs Kehoe notices her
dialog: amusement.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: Oh, and I’m not talking about
dialog: looks, here. (Beat) Although I will
dialog: admit that God gave Miss McAdam an
dialog: advantage, when I had to think
dialog: about who I could trust to live
dialog: down there. You're a pretty girl,
dialog: Eilis, but you’re sensible. So.
dialog: You're having the room and that’s
dialog: that. If you’re working tomorrow,
dialog: you can pack tonight, and I’1l have
dialog: your things moved in the morning.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Will the other girls not mind?
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: (with satisfaction)
dialog: Oh, I expect so. What don’t they
dialog: mind?
text: She drains her sherry.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s been a long day.
text: Eilis realises this is her cue to leave.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 51
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Thank you, Mrs Kehoe.
text: She puts her sherry down and leaves the room, leaving Mrs
text: Kehoe staring into the fire.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, MRS. KEHOE’S HOUSE. EVENING 52
text: There has been a significant change at the dinner table:
text: DOLORES, an Irish country girl - red hair, freckles, slow on
text: the uptake - has replaced Miss McAdam. There is an atmosphere
text: around the table that is new - the teasing and occasional
text: outbreaks of bitchiness have been replaced by a sullen and
text: resentful silence. It becomes clear that the ill-will is
text: directed at the newcomer.
text: Mrs Kehoe attempts to change the atmosphere.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: Girls, you'll take Dolores to the
dialog: dance with you on Saturday night,
dialog: won’t you?
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: There’s a dance?
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
text: Down at the parish hall. Father
dialog: Flood doesn’t think there’s enough
dialog: for you girls to do at the
dialog: weekends.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Oh, there’s plenty for us to do. He
dialog: just doesn’t want us doing it.
text: Laughter around the table.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: There'll be no alcohol, but you can
dialog: have fun without it.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (with obvious insincerity)
dialog: Oh, Patty and I aren’t going this
dialog: week. We're... going to see a movie
dialog: instead.
text: Eilis watches the dynamic carefully. She doesn’t want to get
dialog: involved.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: Well, I’m sure Dolores would enjoy
text: a movie just as well.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 52
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: I would, very much. There are so
dialog: many more movies here in New York
dialog: than in Cavan.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: Yes, it’s surprising, isn’t it?
dialog: You’d think it would be the other
dialog: way around.
text: Patty sniggers. Diana gives one of her awful laughs. The
text: dynamic of the group has clearly changed, with the advent of
dialog: Dolores: the relationship between Patty/Diana and Sheila is
text: less adversarial.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: Of course, you’d be welcome to join
dialog: us, Dolores. So long as you don’t
dialog: mind being a gooseberry.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: Ah, so you both miraculously found
text: boyfriends over the last couple of
dialog: days, did you? Well, I hope you
dialog: have more luck with these than you
dialog: did with the last few.
text: Sheila cannot resist a smile of satisfaction.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: Will you be going, Eilis?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes, Mrs Kehoe.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: Well, you can look after Dolores,
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Of course.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, MRS KEHOE’S HOUSE. NIGHT 53
text: Eilis is writing a letter in her new bedroom. It is so much
text: bigger and nicer than her previous room - it has a fire, a
text: rocking chair, rugs on the floor, and a desk, at which she is
text: sitting. She has photographs of Rose and her mother up on the
text: mantelpiece. Suddenly there is a knock on the door. Eilis
text: walks over and opens it - Patty and Diana are standing there.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: We need to talk to you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 53
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: What is it now?
text: She pointedly doesn’t ask them in.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: It’s that Dolores. She’s a
dialog: scrubber.
text: Diana starts to laugh, and Patty claps a hand over her mouth.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: It’s true. She cleans houses. We
dialog: can’t have her at the table with
dialog: us. We’re shopgirls and
text: stenographers, not scrubbers.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I’m trying to study.
text: She begins to close the door in their faces.
speaker_heading: DIANA
text: A scrubber, from Cavan, living
dialog: under...
text: Eilis closes the door.
speaker_heading: DIANA (0.S.)
dialog: +-.our roof?
scene_heading: EXT. PARISH HALL. NIGHT 54
text: Dolores and Eilis are queueing to get into the dance. We've
text: seen this before, back in Ireland, with Eilis and Nancy. But
text: Dolores is no Nancy. She has made a huge and grotesquely
text: misplaced effort for the dance. She’s wearing a cheap leather
text: jacket, a frilly white blouse and white skirt, black
text: stockings and garish bright red lipstick. Eilis’s discomfort
dialog: is acute.
text: And the surroundings are different, too. A group of African
text: American men are sitting on steps nearby, playing a game with
text: dice; two men wearing yarmulkes walk through the queue.
scene_heading: INT. PARISH HALL. NIGHT 55
text: Inside, however, Ireland has been successfully recreated:
text: there’s the non-alcoholic bar, the nearly empty dance-floor,
text: the Irish musicians. Eilis is sitting next to Dolores on a
text: wooden bench, watching the dancing. Eilis looks bored and
dialog: unhappy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 37.
scene_heading: 55 CONTINUED: 55
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: God, there’s nobody here. How are
dialog: we supposed to get a fella if
dialog: there’s nobody here?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I expect most people will come
dialog: after nine.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: People? Or fellas?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Some of the people will be fellas.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: I'd love to meet a fella.
text: Eilis closes her eyes despairingly.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Have you had an American fella? Are
dialog: they different?
text: Eilis ignores her.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: (twittering, in a rush)
dialog: My aunt went with an American fella
dialog: once, in London, after the war. She
dialog: said he was different. I’ve always
dialog: wondered what she meant. I wish
dialog: she'd told me.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (dry)
dialog: I don’t suppose it was anything
dialog: terribly complicated.
text: Eilis shuffles down the bench a little way. Suddenly the
text: doors burst open and a group of people come in - mostly young
text: women, but a couple of young men, too. Patty and Diana,
text: dressed up to the nines, are among them. Immediately the
text: atmosphere in the hall changes. More people start to dance,
text: there’s more laughter and enjoyment.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: They came! The liars!
text: Eilis ignores her again. Dolores shuffles up to her on the
dialog: bench.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 55
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Did you see? What a pair of
dialog: bitches. That’s what the old woman
dialog: called them. She said they were all
dialog: bitches, apart from you.
text: Eilis has had enough. She has had enough of Dolores; she has
dialog: had enough of being the kind of person who will look after
text: Dolores. She hesitates for a moment, then stands up and goes
text: to talk to Patty and Diana.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: (recognising the symbolism
dialog: of the moment, and
dialog: amused)
dialog: Well, hello.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Hello. It’s good to see you.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: I can see why. I don’t know what
dialog: you looked like, sitting there, but
dialog: you sure didn’t look like you were
dialog: having a good time.
text: Patty appraises her.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: Come with me.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM. NIGHT 56
text: We see the reflection of the girls in the mirror as Patty
text: fiddles with Eilis’s hair.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: I know.
text: She rummages around in her handbag and pulls out a couple of
text: hair-grips. She uses them to put Eilis’s hair up for her.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: There. That’s better. Now you don’t
dialog: look like you've just come in from
text: milking the cows.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Is that what I looked like?
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: Just a bit. Nice clean cows. Let’s
dialog: go.
dialog: 57
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 39.
scene_heading: INT. PARISH HALL. NIGHT 57
text: Eilis is standing with Patty and a group of her friends,
text: including a young man with heavily oiled hair who is teaching
text: Eilis the steps to the dance that is currently happening on
text: the dance floor. She is slightly distracted by a young man
text: staring at her and smiling, a little distance away. This is
text: TONY - dark, attractive, white teeth, muscular. She ignores
text: him and carries on with her lesson. When she looks back, he’s
text: still staring, still smiling.
text: YOUNG MAN WITH OILY HAIR
dialog: (shouting over the music)
dialog: Maybe we could have a dance later?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I'm sorry?
text: YOUNG MAN WITH OILY HAIR
dialog: A dance? Later?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Oh. Sure.
text: He smiles and leads Patty onto the dance-floor, flirtatiously
dialog: enough to suggest that it was Patty he was interested in all
text: the time. The moment he’s gone, Tony makes a move.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Are you here with that guy? The one
dialog: who was teaching you to dance?
text: Unlike just about every other man at the dance, Tony is
dialog: American.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So would you dance with me?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I’m not sure he taught me anything.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Doesn't matter. The secret is to
dialog: look as though you know what you’re
dialog: doing.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Ah. I wish someone had told me that
dialog: years ago.
text: He leads her into the middle of the other dancing couples,
text: and they start trying to pick up the steps. It is apparent
text: that Tony can dance, but he doesn’t want to show Eilis up, so
text: he assumes her levels of incompetence and uncertainty.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 57
text: Later. Tony and Eilis are dancing cheek-to-cheek - not
text: smooching, but clearly relaxed in each other’s company. Over
text: Tony's shoulder, Eilis catches Patty’s eye. Patty makes a so-
text: so face. Eilis ignores her.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Where do you live?
text: Eilis pauses, and then decides it’s OK to tell him.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Clinton Street.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah? That’s on my way home. Can I
dialog: walk you?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I’m going to say yes, then I’m
dialog: going to tell you why.
text: He laughs.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So I don’t get the wrong idea?
text: Eilis pauses again. It wouldn’t be the wrong idea. It just
dialog: wouldn’t be the only idea.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I suppose so. Is there a girl ina
text: leather jacket sitting on her own
dialog: on the bench over there?
text: Tony moves so that he can look discreetly. The camera picks
text: out Dolores, sitting on her own, picking at her fingernails.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (incredulously)
dialog: You don’t know her?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I do. She lives in my boarding
dialog: house, and she’s awful. If I leave
dialog: with you, I’m sure she’d
dialog: understand. You'd be rescuing me.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I get it.
text: Tony smiles a lot, winningly and unaffectedly.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: She‘ll be OK, won’t she?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Sure she will.
dialog: 58
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 41.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. NIGHT 58
text: Eilis and Tony walking through the dark streets of Brooklyn,
text: huddled against each other for warmth. They walk in silence,
text: and then Tony blurts out
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I’m not Irish.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: You don’t sound Irish.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I need to make this clear: no part
dialog: of me is Irish. I don’t have Irish
dialog: parents or grandparents or
dialog: anything. I’m Italian. My parents
dialog: are, anyway.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: So what were you doing at an Irish
dialog: dance? Don’t the Italians have
dialog: dances?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah. And I wouldn’t want to take
dialog: you to one. They behave like
dialog: Italians all night.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: And what does that mean?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Oh, you know.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (mumb1ly )
dialog: Hands.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Too many of them?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I think it could seem that way, if
dialog: you were a girl. Listen, I want
dialog: everything to be out in the open. I
dialog: came to the Irish dance because I
dialog: really like Irish girls.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: And I was the only one that would
dialog: dance with you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 58
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Oh, no, it wasn’t...
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Oh, so you danced with loads of
dialog: others?
text: Eilis is teasing him, and Tony knows it, but he’s not as
text: quick as she is. He tries to formulate a response, gives up,
text: grins again.
text: They arrive at Mrs Kehoe’s house.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: This is me.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Can I take you next week? Maybe get
dialog: something to eat first?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I'd like that. Good night.
text: She smiles warmly at him, and goes into the house without
text: kissing him.
scene_heading: INT. DINER. NIGHT 59
text: Eilis and Tony getting something to eat first, before the
text: dance. They are eating in a cheap diner, with formica-topped
text: tables. They’re waiting for their food.
speaker_heading: TONY (0.S.)
dialog: So...What do you do when you’re not
dialog: working?
dialog: She thinks.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Well. There’s school. Just, you
dialog: know. .Brooklyn College. I’m
dialog: studying book-keeping.
speaker_heading: TONY (0.S.)
dialog: You want to be a book-keeper?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I want to be an accountant one day.
dialog: But, yes, book-keeping first.
speaker_heading: TONY (0.S.)
dialog: Wow. Is it difficult?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I’m talking too much. Tell me about
dialog: plumbing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 59
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You know enough about plumbing
dialog: already.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I don’t know anything.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You know that taps drip and toilets
dialog: get blocked and that’s all you need
dialog: to know. I don’t know anything
dialog: about book-keeping.
text: Suddenly it is as if Eilis has been switched on, and the
text: following comes out in an unstoppable, unbroken stream.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: There’s a lot to it. There’s all
dialog: the maths, of course, but that’s
dialog: not so complicated. The double-
dialog: entry system, that takes a while to
dialog: get used to. And we study company
dialog: law, too, and that terrifies
dialog: me.(Fades) So we had to read about
dialog: an insurance company that went
dialog: bankrupt in the 1930s, and all the,
dialog: the legal issues that...
text: Later. Tony is finishing off his food and listening. Eilis’s
text: food goes untouched, although several times her loaded fork
text: almost makes it to her mouth.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (her voice fading in)
dialog: ...She plays golf, and she’s really
dialog: good at it. And if she’d been at
dialog: the dance last Saturday, then I
dialog: don’t think you'd have looked at me
dialog: twice, because Rose is beautiful.
text: Tony has finished - his plate is clean.
speaker_heading: TONY (0.S.)
dialog: I’m worried you haven't eaten
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (smiling)
text: Too busy talking.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, MRS. KEHOE’S HOUSE. EVENING 60
text: The girls eating their supper in a mysterious silence. Patty,
text: Diana and Sheila are finding it hard not to giggle. Mrs Kehoe
text: puts down her knife and fork in disgust.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014
speaker_heading: 60 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: What is the matter with you girls
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: Nothing the matter with us, Mrs
dialog: Kehoe.
text: She looks steadily at Eilis.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: Is this all because Eilis has found
dialog: herself a young man?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (mock-surprised)
dialog: Eilis’s got herself a young man? We
dialog: didn’t know. She won’t say anything
dialog: about him.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: And why should she, to you awful
dialog: gossip-mongers? Anyway, I met him
dialog: on Saturday night when he called
dialog: for Eilis, and he’s a gentleman.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: Well, will you tell us what you
dialog: know about him, Mrs Kehoe? We're
dialog: starving here. We know that he’s
dialog: quite nice-looking.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: I didn’t like his shoes much.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: What on earth is wrong with his
dialog: shoes?
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: They were a funny colour.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: I‘1l tell you this much: I am going
dialog: to ask Father Flood to preach a
dialog: sermon on the dangers of giddiness.
dialog: I now see that giddiness is the
text: eighth deadly sin. A giddy girl is
text: every bit as evil as a slothful
text: man, and the noise she makes is a
dialog: lot worse. Now, enough.
scene_heading: 61 INT. BARTOCCI’S. DAY
dialog: 44,
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
text: The shop is quiet. Dorothy and Eilis are unpacking boxes and
text: putting garments out on shelves.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 45.
scene_heading: 61 CONTINUED: 61
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You know what I hate about the end
dialog: of winter? Now it all starts again
dialog: with the swimsuits. We’re gonna
dialog: spend hours and hours talking about
dialog: one stupid item of clothing with a
dialog: woman who’s so afraid of what she
dialog: looks like. But in the winter
dialog: she'll splash thirty-five dollars
text: on a coat in the blink...
text: Dorothy is staring into a box she has just opened.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I don’t believe it.
text: Eilis looks at her quizzically.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I’m gonna talk to Miss Fortini
dialog: about this.
text: She marches off. Eilis peers into the box. It contains Red
text: Fox stockings. She takes a packet out and examines it.
text: Later. Miss Fortini comes over to speak to Eilis. She’s
dialog: angry.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: Eilis, I want you to know that
dialog: Dorothy has left our employment.
text: Eilis looks at her wonderingly.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: As of today. She’s clearing her
dialog: locker. (Beat) Listen. Brooklyn is
dialog: changing, and we have to change
dialog: with it.
text: Eilis nods, even though she is mystified by the series of
dialog: apparent non-sequiturs - the stockings, Dorothy, the speech.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: Our old customers are moving out to
dialog: Long Island and we can’t follow
dialog: them, so we need new customers
dialog: every week. Which means we welcome
dialog: every single person who comes into
dialog: this store. They all have money to
dialog: spend. Remember that.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I will.
text: Eilis shows Miss Fortini the Red Fox stockings.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
scene_heading: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 61
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Should I put these out on the
dialog: shelves?
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: Yes. Of course. Do you understand
dialog: anything I’ve been saying?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: No, Miss Fortini.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: (sighing)
dialog: Red Fox stockings are specially
dialog: designed for Negro customers.
dialog: Dorothy was unhappy about us
dialog: selling them. I asked her to leave.
dialog: Are you unhappy?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: No, Miss Fortini.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: Good. Quickly, now.
text: Miss Fortini walks off. Eilis immediately turns her attention
text: to the stockings.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKLYN COLLEGE. NIGHT 62
text: Eilis comes out of her classroom with a couple of other
text: students, books under her arm, and begins to walk down the
text: stairs. In the entrance hall she can see Tony, looking around
text: anxiously, clearly worried about missing her. She stops - she
text: clearly isn’t expecting to see him. She watches him for a
text: moment - he doesn’t see her - and she takes in his open face,
text: his vulnerability... He sees her and his face breaks out into
text: a radiant and relieved smile. She smiles back, and walks down
text: the remaining steps towards him.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: All I want to do is travel home
dialog: with you. No drink, no food, no
dialog: nothing. I know you have to study,
dialog: and get some sleep. I’1l take you
dialog: to your house and then say
dialog: goodnight. Otherwise it’s too long
dialog: to wait.
text: He says this with such unaffected simplicity that it’s
text: impossible not to love him. Eilis smiles her assent.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 63
dialog: 64
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 47.
scene_heading: INT. TROLLEY-CAR. NIGHT 64
text: Eilis and Tony sitting side-by-side on the half empty trolley-
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I want to ask you something. And
dialog: you're gonna say, oh, it’s too
dialog: soon, I don’t really know him well
dialog: enough, we've only been out a
dialog: couple times...
text: Eilis pantomimes alarm.
dialog: She looks
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Oh, it’s nothing so bad. But it is
dialog: something that most guys...
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Please just ask. You’re beginning
dialog: to terrify me.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Oh. Sure. Will you come for dinner
dialog: and meet my family sometime?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: That’s it? I’d love to.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You like Italian food?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I don’t know. I’ve never eaten it.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Really? They don’t have it in
dialog: Ireland?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Maybe in Dublin. Not in my town.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: It’s the best food in the world.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Well, why would I not like it?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You're in a good mood, right?
text: at him.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes. Why?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
scene_heading: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: It’s just... I like how you’re
dialog: being, I don’t know the word. When
dialog: you go along with everything.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Amenable?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (delighted with this
dialog: addition to his
dialog: vocabulary)
dialog: Yeah. Amenable. OK, so while you’re
dialog: being amenable..Can we go see a
dialog: movie this week? When you’re not at
dialog: night classes? And if the date goes
dialog: well, can we see a movie next week,
dialog: too?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I‘1l sign up for two movies.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes. Even if the first date is a
dialog: disaster, I'll give it another
dialog: chance.
text: Tony’s smile couldn’t be any broader.
scene_heading: INT. BARTOCCI’S. DAY
dialog: 48.
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
text: Eilis, in her uniform, serving a customer. Off to the side,
dialog: Miss Fortini is watching her at work. We’ve seen this before -
text: but this time, Eilis is unaware of Miss Fortini’s scrutiny.
text: She's absorbed in her work, chatting to the customer, a young
text: woman in her thirties.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: It certainly feels like it, but
dialog: this is my first year, so I don’t
dialog: know how to judge.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Well, congratulations. You survived
dialog: your first New York winter.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Oh, it wasn’t so bad.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Really? It’s colder in Ireland?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 49,
speaker_heading: 65 CONTINUED:
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Oh, no. It’s colder here.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: Over here, that’s how we judge the
dialog: winter. On how cold it is.
text: The cylindrical tube shoots back to Eilis’s counter, and she
text: takes out the receipt and the change and hands it to the
dialog: customer.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: But you have heating. Heating
dialog: everywhere. You’re only cold
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: I guess that’s true. Thanks for
dialog: your help.
text: The customer walks away, and Miss Fortini comes over.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: Eilis! You’re like a different
dialog: person! Where did that miserable
dialog: little mouse go?
text: Eilis smiles and shrugs.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: The homesickness has gone?
text: Eilis looks startled, as if she has only just realised.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: How did you do it? Maybe I can pass
dialog: some advice on to the next poor
dialog: girl who feels that way.
text: Eilis’s face lights up.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I...I met somebody. An Italian
dialog: fella.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: (mock despondent)
dialog: Oh, no. Well, I’m not passing that
dialog: on. I’d rather have them homesick
text: than heartbroken. Does he talk
dialog: about baseball all the time? Or his
dialog: mother?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 65
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: Then keep him. There isn’t another
dialog: Italian man like him in New York.
text: She smiles at Eilis and moves on.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, MRS KEHOE’S HOUSE. NIGHT 66
text: Eilis is sitting at the kitchen table with a bowl of
text: spaghetti in front of her. There is a fork and spoon on
text: either side of the bowl. Opposite her are Patty and Diana.
text: Eilis goes to pick up the cutlery. Diana gestures at her to
dialog: stop.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Hold it. Remember You’re getting
dialog: off easy, because we haven’t got
dialog: sauce.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: Yeah. You have to remember that the
dialog: sauce flies everywhere, so take it
text: slowly.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I’m gonna say “Splash” every time I
dialog: see problems.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: Good idea.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Can I start now?
speaker_heading: PATTY DIANA
dialog: Go. Yep.
text: They watch intently as Eilis grapples with the twirling. All
text: three girls are staring at the spaghetti, lost in
text: concentration. Eilis allows the spaghetti to fall off the
text: fork and back into the plate.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (loudly)
speaker_heading: SPLASH!
text: Eilis and Patty jump and then giggle nervously.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You just splashed his mother, and
dialog: his father, and the walls...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: 69A
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 66
text: Eilis makes a despairing face.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: Let’s go again.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK. DAY 67
text: A spring day in Ireland. Rose is sitting by the river,
text: reading one of Eilis’s letters and eating an apple.
speaker_heading: EILIS (V.O.)
dialog: I suppose the most important news
dialog: is that I have a boyfriend. He
dialog: isn’t as important as Bartocci’s
dialog: and my night classes, I know that.
dialog: But I want to tell you everything
dialog: that’s going on. Please don’t
dialog: mention it to Mummy, though. You
dialog: know what she’s like.
scene_heading: EXT. CINEMA. NIGHT 68
text: Eilis and Tony have just been to see ‘Singin’ In The Rain’.
text: They emerge from the cinema radiant; Tony in particular has
dialog: clearly loved the film.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. NIGHT 69
text: Tony is earnestly trying out some of Gene Kelly’s dance moves
text: while Eilis watches.
speaker_heading: EILIS (V.0.)
dialog: He’s decent and kind, and he has a
dialog: job, and he works hard. We go to
dialog: the cinema on Wednesdays and he
dialog: takes me to Father Flood’s dance on
dialog: Saturdays.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK. - DAY 69A
text: Rose reading avidly.
speaker_heading: EILIS (V.0.)
dialog: I think of you and Mother every
dialog: single day. But Tony has helped me
dialog: to feel that I have a life here. I
dialog: didn’t have, before I met him. My
dialog: body was here, but my life was back
dialog: in Ireland, with you. Now it is
dialog: halfway across the sea. So, that’s
dialog: something, isn’t it?
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 52.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 70
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL. EVENING 71
text: Eilis and Tony are climbing the stairs to Tony’s apartment..
text: Tony is talking animatedly and a little nervously.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Oh and I’d better warn you about
dialog: Frankie.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: He’s the little one.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah. He’s eight going on eighteen.
dialog: He’s nice and he’s smart, but he’s
dialog: been talking and talking about all
dialog: the things he’s going to say to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: What sort of things?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: We don’t know. Could be anything.
dialog: I tried to pay him money to go out
text: and play ball with his friends, and
dialog: my dad has threatened him, but I
dialog: think he’s looking forward to
dialog: causing trouble so much that he’1l
dialog: happily take a beating. This is us
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Ready?
text: Eilis nods. He’s making her nervous.
scene_heading: INT. TONY’S APARTMENT. NIGHT 72
text: Tony’s apartment is tiny, and Eilis appears somewhat wedged
text: in around the dinner table. Tony has two older brothers,
text: Laurenzio and Maurizio, as well as kid brother Frankie. His
text: mother and father are young - much younger than Eilis’s
dialog: mother.
text: The atmosphere around the table is polite and warm. It’s not
dialog: a question of Eilis having to impress the Fiorello family -
text: they want to impress her, too, or at least the adults do.
text: They understand that she is important to Tony, and Tony is
dialog: important to them.
text: Eilis is doing her best with her spaghetti, which is covered
text: in a rich, deep red sauce.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 53.
scene_heading: 72 CONTINUED: 72
speaker_heading: MRS FIORELLO
dialog: Hey, how did you learn to eat
dialog: spaghetti like that?
text: Eilis pauses before confessing.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I've been taking lessons.
text: The family look at her, delighted.
speaker_heading: LAURENZIO
dialog: Lessons? Like, in a class? You can
dialog: do that? Maybe I could teach it.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: No, no. Diana, who lives in the
dialog: boarding house with me... She
dialog: cooked me some spaghetti and made
dialog: me try and eat it without making a
dialog: mess.
speaker_heading: MR FIORELLO
dialog: What do you eat in Ireland? Just
dialog: Irish stew?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Not just. We...
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: So first of all I should say that
dialog: we don’t like Irish people.
text: There are general cries of outrage around the table.
text: Maurizio, who is sitting next to him, cuffs him on the top of
text: his head.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: We don’t! That is a well known
dialog: fact! A big gang of Irish beat
dialog: Maurizio up and he had to have
dialog: stitches. And because all the cops
dialog: round here are Irish, nobody did
dialog: anything about it.
text: Eilis looks at Maurizio for confirmation. He looks
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: MAURIZIO
dialog: There are probably two sides to it.
dialog: I might have said something I
dialog: shouldn't, I can’t remember now.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: No, because they beat you up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 72
speaker_heading: MAURIZIO
dialog: Anyway, they probably weren’t all
dialog: Irish.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: They just had red hair and big
dialog: legs.
text: Mr Fiorello stands up and leads Frankie away from the table
text: and out the door by his ear.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: All I can say in his defence is
dialog: that he’s the only one of us who’ll
dialog: get a college education.
speaker_heading: LAURENZIO
dialog: If he keeps his mouth shut.
speaker_heading: MRS FIORELLO
dialog: Tony tells me you go to college.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Oh, just night classes. I want to
dialog: be a book-keeper. I like working in
dialog: the shop well enough, but I don’t
dialog: want to be there forever.
text: Frankie re-enters the room, with his father right behind.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: (parrot-fashion)
dialog: sorry, Eilis. I’m an idiot. Oh,
dialog: a rude idiot.
dialog: I'm
dialog: I'm
text: His brothers applaud and laugh. Frankie makes a face at them
text: and sits down at the table.
text: Later. They are eating scallopini, on their own, with no
dialog: vegetables, Italian-style.
speaker_heading: MAURIZIO
dialog: So has Tony offered to take you to
dialog: Ebbett’s Field when the season
dialog: starts?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (to Tony)
dialog: You like baseball?
text: More laughter around the table.
speaker_heading: MAURIZIO
dialog: (incredulous )
dialog: He never mentioned the Dodgers? Not
dialog: even once?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 72
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: You know why? Too much of this.
text: He makes a lewd kissing noise. Tony rolls his eyes. Eilis has
dialog: the good grace to laugh.
speaker_heading: LAURENZIO
dialog: Anyway, you'll have to go to
dialog: Ebbett’s Field if you want to see
dialog: him in the summer.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: They're that important to you?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Put it this way. If our kids end up
dialog: supporting the Yankees or the
dialog: Giants, it would break my heart.
text: The family laughs, but Eilis can only manage a small smile.
dialog: “Our kids”? Suddenly Eilis sees that their future is all
text: mapped out, as far as Tony and his family are concerned.
text: Frankie is watching her complicated reaction.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: She's not laughing, Tony. I think
text: it’s too late. She’s a Yanks fan.
text: More laughter. But Tony is watching her carefully.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. NIGHT 73
text: Tony and Eilis outside Mrs Kehoe’s. Tony comes in close to
text: Eilis, holds her, kisses her cheek. Eilis is stiff, a little
dialog: afraid.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I love you.
text: Eilis stays in the embrace a moment longer, then pulls away.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I..Thank you for the evening. It
dialog: was lovely.
text: She walks down the path towards her house, leaving Tony
text: staring wistfully after her.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM, MRS. KEHOE’S HOUSE. NIGHT 74
text: Eilis in the bathroom in her dressing gown, cleaning her
text: teeth. She stops, and looks at herself in the mirror - maybe
text: trying to imagine herself older, married, a mother, an
text: American. The bathroom door rattles.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 56.
scene_heading: 74 CONTINUED: 74
speaker_heading: SHEILA (0.S.)
dialog: Sorry!
text: Eilis is pulled out of the reverie and opens the door.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I'd finished. (Beat, and then,
dialog: tentatively) Sheila... Can I ask
dialog: you something? Why aren’t you
dialog: married?
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: Because my husband met somebody
dialog: else and left me.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Oh. I’m sorry.
text: Sheila shrugs.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: And...Well, would you get married
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: Has someone asked you?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: No. Not really.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: I won’t ask what that means. Would
dialog: I get married again? No. I want to
dialog: be waiting outside the bathroom of
dialog: my boarding-house forever.
text: Eilis doesn’t know how to take this.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: Of course I do. That’s why I go to
dialog: that wretched dance every week. I
dialog: want to be waiting outside my own
dialog: bathroom. (Beat) While some bad-
dialog: tempered fella with hair growing
text: out of his ears reads the newspaper
dialog: on the toilet. And then I'1l wish I
dialog: was back here, talking to you.
text: She laughs despairingly, and shrugs.
scene_heading: 75 EXT. BROOKLYN COLLEGE. NIGHT 75
text: Eilis emerges from her class, starts to walk down the stairs
text: and stops, scanning the entrance hall. Tony isn’t there. She
text: walks down the stairs slowly, still looking around. She stops
text: in the entrance hall and waits for a moment.
dialog: 76
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 57.
scene_heading: EXT. BROOKLYN COLLEGE. NIGHT 76
text: Eilis stands waiting outside, looking up and down the street
text: for Tony. No sign. She gives up and starts to walk up the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: TONY (0.S.)
dialog: Eilis!
text: She looks around. Tony is on the other side of the street,
text: breathless and smiling. Eilis smiles broadly back, with
text: visible relief.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I thought you weren’t coming.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah. I thought you’d think that.
dialog: That’s why I wanted to be here no
dialog: matter what.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I need to say something to you.
text: Tony’s face falls. He thinks he knows what’s coming.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Can you... Can we talk about
dialog: something else until we get to Mrs
dialog: Kehoe's?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: It’s not...
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Please?
text: They start to walk along the street together.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So. Ten minutes before I’m supposed
dialog: to meet you and I’m standing ankle-
text: deep in sewage that’s pouring
dialog: through this old lady’s ceiling.
text: Eilis looks at his shoes, reflexively.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah. Even if you were thinking of
dialog: inviting me in for a coffee, I'd
dialog: have to say no, for your sake.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 58.
speaker_heading: 76 CONTINUED: 76
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: So how did you fix it in ten
dialog: minutes?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I didn’t. I spent the whole ten
dialog: minutes explaining to the old lady
dialog: that I had to be somewhere and I'd
dialog: be back. She didn’t want to let me
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: So the sewage is still pouring
dialog: through the ceiling?
text: Tony shrugs.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Oh, what’s the difference between
dialog: six inches of sewage and a foot?
text: Eilis laughs. Tony looks at her anxiously - is she really
text: going to break off their relationship? Eilis stops.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Let me say what I want to say. I
dialog: think... I think you’ll... I don’t
dialog: think you'll mind.
text: Tony takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: You remember that after I had
dialog: dinner at your house, you told me
dialog: that you loved me.
text: Tony nods, sombre and nervous.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Well, I didn’t really know what to
dialog: say. But I know what to say now. I
dialog: have thought about you and I like
dialog: you, and I like seeing you, and
dialog: maybe I feel the same way. So the
dialog: next time you tell me you love me,
dialog: if there is a next time, I’11..1’11
dialog: say I love you too.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Are you serious?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 76
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Holy shit! Excuse my language, but
dialog: I thought we were going to have a
dialog: different kind of talk. You mean
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I mean it.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So why aren’t you smiling?
text: She flashes him a quick, forced smile.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Can I go home now?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You love me?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes. But don’t ask me anything
dialog: else, and don’t talk about our kids
dialog: being Dodgers fans.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You want kids who like the Yankees?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Tony, please don’t push me.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (suddenly sober)
dialog: All right. I’m sorry.
text: They walk on.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. EVENING 77
text: Eilis is walking down a Brooklyn street on an early summer
text: evening, holding an envelope. The trees are green, children
text: are playing in the street, the last of the daylight is
text: glinting off the roofs. Eilis takes it all in; she’s happy.
text: She reaches Father Flood’s parish house and knocks on the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. SACRISTY. EVENING 78
text: Father Flood is scanning the letter contained in the envelope
text: while Eilis watches him intently. He hands it back to her
dialog: thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 60.
speaker_heading: 78 CONTINUED: 78
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: Well. You’re marvellous. That’s all
dialog: I have to say. And it looks to me
dialog: as though you didn’t just pass
dialog: those exams. You, you flew through
dialog: them.
text: Eilis smiles shyly.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: Most people who come and visit me
dialog: without notice are in trouble, of
dialog: some kind or another. I can’t
dialog: remember the last time anyone came
dialog: here with good news.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I have saved some money. I’1l be
dialog: able to pay next year’s tuition and
dialog: pay you back for last year.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: One of my parishioners paid. He
dialog: needed to do something for mankind,
dialog: and I won’t tell you why. He’s not
dialog: out of the woods yet, either, so he
dialog: can cough up for next year, too.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I'd love to know what sort of woods
dialog: he’s in.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: Yes, well you won’t hear it from
dialog: me. How's Tony?
text: Eilis looks at him, surprised to be asked.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: He’s well. Thank you for asking.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: He’s a solid man. Qualifications
dialog: and a boyfriend, Eilis. You’re not
dialog: the miserable young girl who wanted
dialog: to go home last winter.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: That seems like years ago.
scene_heading: 79 INT. DINING ROOM, MRS KEHOE’S HOUSE. EVENING 79
text: The girls and Mrs Kehoe at the end of their evening meal.
text: They are collecting plates and putting crockery by the sink
text: ready for washing up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 79
text: Eilis puts fresh bowls and spoons down on the table. Mrs
text: Kehoe comes to the table with a large pie on a plate.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: I think this is the first time that
dialog: any girl of mine has passed an exam
dialog: while living here, so I bought us a
dialog: treat.
text: There are murmurs of appreciation. Mrs Kehoe sits down at the
text: table and starts cutting the pie into slices and putting the
text: slices into bowls.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: Have you told Tony, Eilis?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: And is he taking you out to
dialog: celebrate?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: We're going to Coney Island at the
dialog: weekend.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (drily)
dialog: Oh, boy.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You have a bathing costume?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: No. I was going to get one at...
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: Do you have sunglasses?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (increasingly alarmed)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: You need sunglasses. I read that if
dialog: you don’t have them on the beach
dialog: this year people will talk about
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: (witheringly)
dialog: And what will they say, exactly,
dialog: Sheila?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 62.
scene_heading: 79 CONTINUED: 79
text: Sheila blushes.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: That's the thing, Mrs Kehoe. You'd
dialog: never know, because they’d never
dialog: say it to your face.
text: Mrs Kehoe rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: Diana’s right, though, Eilis. You
dialog: need to think carefully about your
dialog: costume. It’s the most Tony will
dialog: ever have seen of you. You don’t
dialog: want to put him off.
scene_heading: 80 INT. BARTOCCI’S. DAY 80
text: Eilis in her lunch hour, choosing a one-piece bathing suit
text: from the racks in front of her. She picks out a black one and
text: a pink one, and goes off towards the dressing-rooms. As if
text: from nowhere, Miss Fortini appears.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: Are you going to the beach?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes, Miss Fortini. To Coney Island.
dialog: With Tony.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: Well, I know he’s a saint, this
dialog: Tony, but every Italian man cares
text: about how his girlfriend looks in
dialog: her bathing suit. I’d better help
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: 81 INT. CHANGING ROOM. DAY 81
text: Eilis walks into one of the cubicles, but before she can pull
text: the curtain across, Miss Fortini is in the cubicle with her.
text: There’s hardly room for the two of them. Eilis starts to get
text: undressed, as modestly as she can in the peculiar
text: circumstances. Miss Fortini watches her, matter-of-factly.
text: Later. Eilis is wearing the black suit. Miss Fortini looks at
text: her thoughtfully, and then reaches forward to pull down the
text: fabric at the top of Eilis’s thigh.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 81
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: You'll have to shave down here.
dialog: I'll give you a razor that will do
dialog: the trick.
text: She then reaches round to cup Eilis’s bottom. Eilis is too
text: shocked to say anything.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: You're all right there for the
dialog: moment. And most Italian men
dialog: appreciate the fuller figure. But
dialog: watch yourself, over the summer.
text: She steps back as far as she can and looks at her.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: The black’s too dark, for your pale
dialog: skin. Let’s see you in the green.
text: Eilis hesitates.
speaker_heading: MISS FORTINI
dialog: Quickly now.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 82
speaker_heading: OMITTED 83
scene_heading: EXT. CONEY ISLAND. DAY 84
text: Tony and Eilis on the boardwalk at Coney Island. It’s a
text: bright, beautiful day; Eilis is, after all, wearing
text: fashionable sunglasses and a headscarf. They’re both eating
text: cotton candy. They stop and look for a space on the packed
dialog: beach.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I can see a spot down there that’s
dialog: probably big enough for one. If we
dialog: can wedge ourselves in, maybe we
dialog: can eventually create enough space
dialog: for two.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 84
text: We watch as Tony and Eilis make their way down onto the beach
text: to become a small and anonymous part of the New York summer.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH. DAY 85
text: Tony is holding a towel round Eilis as she struggles in to
text: her bathing costume. He’s looking away, presumably at her
dialog: request.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Why didn’t you tell me to put my
dialog: costume on underneath my clothes?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I thought you’d know.
text: She's finished struggling.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I’m ready.
text: He drops the towel. Eilis stands there in her costume, a
text: little embarrassed. Tony gives a loud and lascivious wolf-
text: whistle. Eilis giggles with embarrassment and pleasure.
scene_heading: EXT. SEA. DAY 86
text: Eilis and Tony in the sea. Eilis swims away from Tony - she’s
text: a good swimmer - but he swims after her, catches her and
text: draws him to her. He picks her up as she tries to wriggle
text: away, laughing. He pulls her to him and kisses her. She
text: freezes a little and pushes him away.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I’m sorry. What’s a guy supposed to
dialog: do?
text: She looks at him, and then kisses him deeply.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: INT. BARTOCCI’S. DAY 87
text: Eilis at her counter, serving a customer. Music, something
text: ominously melancholic that undercuts the banal pleasantries
dialog: of Eilis’s letter.
speaker_heading: EILIS (V.0.)
dialog: Dear Rose. Thanks for your letter.
dialog: I was happy to hear about your golf
dialog: tournament. You must have been
dialog: really pleased.
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 65.
scene_heading: INT. EILIS’S HOME IN IRELAND. DAY 88
text: We see Mary knocking on the door of Rose’s bedroom anxiously.
speaker_heading: EILIS (V.0.)
dialog: I still miss you and mother, and I
dialog: think about you every day.
scene_heading: INT. ROSE’S BEDROOM. DAY 89
text: Mary enters the bedroom. Rose is sprawled half out of the
text: bed, her head nearly touching the floor; Mary rushes over to
text: her, touches her cheek, starts to weep.
speaker_heading: EILIS (V.0.)
dialog: But I think I can say that for the
dialog: first time since I’ve been in
dialog: America, I’m really happy.
scene_heading: EXT. EILIS’S HOME. STREET. DAY 90
text: Mary, consoled by a neighbour, watches as Rose’s body,
text: covered by a shroud, is taken to a waiting ambulance.
speaker_heading: EILIS (V.0.)
dialog: This is a lot to do with Tony. He’s
dialog: kind and seems to care about me.
dialog: And we have fun, too.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, EILIS’S HOME. DAY 91
text: Mary sitting on an armchair in her parlour, gripping a
text: handkerchief tightly. The room is filling up with sombre,
text: concerned people who are queuing up to speak to her.
speaker_heading: EILIS (V.0.)
dialog: At the weekend he took me to see
dialog: the Brooklyn Dodgers, the baseball
dialog: team he loves. They lost, so he was
dialog: annoyed.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH. EVENING 92
text: Mary on her knees in church, while she prays at mass.
speaker_heading: EILIS (V.0.)
dialog: But I’ve also started to look for
dialog: office work, too. I had an
dialog: interview this week at a textile
dialog: firm here in Brooklyn.
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 66.
scene_heading: INT. BARTOCCI’S. DAY 93
text: Eilis looks up, startled, as Miss Fortini and Father Flood
text: approach her counter.
speaker_heading: EILIS (V.0.)
dialog: Who'd have thought that there would
dialog: be two book-keepers in the family?
dialog: I’1ll soon be able to afford to...
text: Her voice trails off. We can’t hear what Father Flood is
text: saying to her, but she looks stricken. The music fades.
scene_heading: INT. STAFF ROOM. DAY 94
text: Father Flood and Eilis are sitting on two chairs in the
text: middle, knees almost touching. Eilis is staring at the floor,
text: in shock; Father Flood is watching her with enormous
text: tenderness and concern.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: It was sudden. I think perhaps she
dialog: was ill, and she knew she was ill,
dialog: and she didn’t tell anybody.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: What will happen?
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: (softly)
dialog: What can happen?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: When will they bury her?
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: Tomorrow.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Without me.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: Without you. You’re too far away,
dialog: Eilis.
text: Eilis starts to cry, and becomes almost hysterical.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Why did I ever come here? Why did I
dialog: ever come here?
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: Rose wanted a better life for you.
dialog: She loved how well you were doing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 94
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: And now I will never see her again.
text: Father Flood doesn’t say anything.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: That's right, isn’t it, Father? I
dialog: will never see her again.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: You know that I think you will. And
dialog: she will be watching over you,
dialog: every day, for the rest of your
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I wish I had never left. I wish I
dialog: had never come over here.
scene_heading: INT. DINER. NIGHT 95
text: Tony and Eilis are sitting in the diner that they use before
text: the Saturday night dances. They have coffee cups in front of
text: them, but they’re not drinking. Tony is quiet, grief-stricken
dialog: for a woman he’s never met.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I keep thinking about what it would
dialog: be like if one of my brothers died.
dialog: I'm sorry if that sounds selfish.
dialog: But it means I can feel what you’re
dialog: feeling.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I think about it and think about
dialog: it, and then I forget about it for
dialog: a moment, and when I remember again
dialog: it’s as though I’ve just been told.
dialog: I can’t bear it, Tony.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I wish I could stay with you
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: But I’1l see you in the morning.
dialog: It’s very nice of your family, to
dialog: come to Mass with me.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: They wouldn’t miss it for anything.
dialog: I don’t mean that like it sounds. I
dialog: just mean...
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I know. Thank you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 68.
speaker_heading: 95 CONTINUED: 95
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You want to go home, I guess.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes. But I don’t know if I can.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: If it’s money, then we can all
dialog: help. I mean, the whole family.
text: Eilis blinks back more tears.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: And how would it be for you if I
dialog: did go home?
text: Tony shrugs, and then says, simply and sincerely
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I'd be afraid, every single day.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Afraid that I wouldn’t come back?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah. Home is home.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I’m not sure I have a home any
dialog: more.
dialog: Tony thinks.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You're not going to work tomorrow,
dialog: are you?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: After the mass, can I take you
dialog: somewhere?
scene_heading: 96 EXT. LONG ISLAND. DAY 96
text: Tony and Eilis are standing on a piece of utterly featureless
text: and undeveloped land. The wind is blowing, and we can hear
text: seagulls, although there is no view of the sea.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: This is it.
text: He gestures around him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 69.
speaker_heading: 96 CONTINUED: 96
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: We’re going to build five houses
dialog: here, if we can. Mom and Dad will
dialog: have one, because Mom has always
dialog: wanted a house with a back yard.
dialog: And we’ll sell three. And the other
dialog: one...My brothers asked me if I
dialog: wanted it, and I said I did.
text: Tony studies her face intently.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So I guess what I’m saying is,
dialog: would you like to live here on Long
dialog: Island? I know it doesn’t look like
dialog: much right now, but all the land
dialog: around here has been sold, so we
dialog: wouldn’t be on our own. And there’d
dialog: be, there'd be telephone cables and
dialog: electricity and everything.
text: Eilis laughs.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I would hope so.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: We're going to set up a company, a
dialog: building company, the three of us,
dialog: and I’m gonna do the plumbing, and
dialog: Laurence will do the carpentry,
dialog: and..
text: Eilis looks around her, trying to imagine the future that
text: Tony sees. It’s not so hard to do.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Don’t go quiet on me. At least tell
dialog: me you'll think about it.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I don’t need to think about it.
text: She holds out her hands, and Tony takes them, and she pulls
text: him towards her. The camera pulls back and back until we see
text: two tiny figures, on their own, standing in the middle of
text: their own future, of a part of America that doesn’t even
dialog: exist yet.
scene_heading: 97 INT. PARISH HOUSE. EVENING 97
text: Eilis is sitting in a chair in Father Flood’s office. She's
text: nervous and pale. Father Flood is pacing around. They are
text: both watching the telephone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 97
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: I’m sure she won’t be long.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I’m not sure she even knows where
dialog: the parish house is.
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: Oh, Father Quaid has a car. He was
dialog: going to collect her and drive her
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Part of me doesn’t even want to
dialog: talk to her. My own mother!
speaker_heading: FATHER FLOOD
dialog: It’s a difficult conversation to be
dialog: having, Eilis. You wouldn’t be
dialog: human if you were looking forward
dialog: to it.
text: The telephone rings. Both of them stare at it for a second,
text: and then Father Flood gestures at Eilis to pick it up.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Hello? Mummy?
text: She sounds noticeably more Irish throughout the conversation.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I can’t really hear you.
scene_heading: INT. PARISH HOUSE, IRELAND. EVENING 98
text: Mary is in the same situation - in an unfamiliar
text: ecclesiastical office, with a priest watching her with
text: concern. Mary looks so much older than the last time we saw
text: her, and completely defeated. What comes out of her mouth
text: cannot reflect the depth of her pain.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Well, the rain held off, anyway.
text: Intercut phone conversation.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: That’s good.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: And the whole of her golf club
dialog: came. Every single one of them. We
dialog: had a real houseful afterwards.
text: Eilis doesn’t say anything.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 98
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Are you still there?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: People really loved her, Eilis. Her
text: friends from work, the neighbours,
dialog: everybody.
text: Eilis is weeping.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Nobody knew what to say to me.
text: Finally, her words reflect how she is feeling.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: When your daddy died, I said to
dialog: myself that I shouldn’t grieve too
dialog: much because I had you two. And
dialog: when you went to America, I told
dialog: myself the same thing because she
dialog: was here with me. But everyone’s
dialog: gone, Eilis. I have nobody.
text: Eilis is weeping so hard that she can’t speak. Father Flood
text: comes up behind her and puts his hand on her shoulders.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM. NIGHT 99
text: Eilis lying on her bed, staring at the ceiling. She’s still
text: wearing her coat. She gets up and leaves the room.
scene_heading: INT. TONY’S HOUSE. NIGHT 100
text: Eilis knocks on Tony’s door. It’s late, and the house is
text: dark. Tony opens the door wearing a T-shirt and undershorts.
text: He’s clearly been asleep.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Come in for a second. I’1l get
dialog: dressed.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. NIGHT 101
text: Tony and Eilis walking through the quiet, late night streets.
text: Tony holds Eilis to him as close as he can.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 72.
speaker_heading: 101 CONTINUED: 101
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (resigned, sad)
dialog: I knew it.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Just for a month or so. I know it
dialog: would make her feel a little
dialog: better.
text: Tony doesn’t say anything.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Please speak.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Will you marry me before you leave?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: You don’t trust me to come back?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Marry me. Marry me. We don’t have
dialog: to tell anyone. We can do it
dialog: quickly, and it will just be
dialog: between us.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: But why do you want to do it?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (agonised)
dialog: Because if we don’t, I'll go crazy.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Would a promise not be the same?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: If you can promise, then you can
dialog: easily do this.
text: Eilis sighs, nods, smiles weakly.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (heartfelt)
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: 102 EXT. MRS KEHOE’S HOUSE. NIGHT 102
text: They have arrived at Eilis’s lodgings. They stand on the
text: sidewalk outside the dark, quiet house and kiss.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Come inside.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 102
text: She leads him down the little path to her private entrance in
text: the basement and unlocks the door.
scene_heading: INT. EILIS’S BEDROOM. NIGHT 103
text: Eilis and Tony enter the basement room. Eilis takes off her
text: coat, and Tony stands there awkwardly.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So this is it? This is where you
dialog: live?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes, and if you make one tiny noise
dialog: she’1ll evict me.
text: Shyly, she walks towards him and kisses him gently. The kiss
text: becomes more passionate. Eilis pulls his shirt out from his
text: trousers and runs her hands up and down his back. They move
text: towards the single bed without speaking. Tony lifts Eilis’s
text: skirt and undoes his trousers and lies down on top of her.
text: All the time, there is a sense that Tony is taking his cue
dialog: from her, that he would stop the moment Eilis expressed any
text: doubt or fear. But she moves out from underneath him and
text: discreetly removes her panties. Tony pulls his trousers off
text: and takes off his boxer shorts.
text: They make love. Eilis tries hard not to panic at the feeling
text: of Tony inside her, but she’s clearly shocked by the
text: sensation; meanwhile Tony is much noisier than she would want
text: him to be, and that panics her further. Eventually he is
text: still, and he lies on top of her for a moment.
text: A floorboard creaks above their heads. Tony looks up, looks
dialog: at Eilis.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Oh, there’s no point in worrying
dialog: now. Stay with me.
text: Tony gets off her, stands up, takes the rest of his clothes
text: off and gets into bed. Eilis hesitates, then starts to
text: unstrap her bra.
scene_heading: EXT. MRS KEHOE’S HOUSE. DAY 104
text: Eilis comes home from work. She pushes at the gate to the
text: basement, but it has been padlocked.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, MRS. KEHOE’S HOUSE. EVENING. 105
text: Eilis is making herself some scrambled eggs in the kitchen
dialog: for her tea.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 105
text: Mrs Kehoe is sitting at the kitchen table reading the
text: newspaper. There is a frosty silence. Patty comes in and
text: fills the kettle.
speaker_heading: MRS KEHOE
dialog: Patty, I’ve put a lock on the
dialog: basement gate. Just for peace of
dialog: mind. You never know who might try
dialog: to get in there.
text: She folds the paper, stands up and leaves the room.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: As God is my witness, I heard
dialog: nothing last night. Nothing at all.
dialog: But it sounded lovely.
text: Eilis looks away, embarrassed.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY HALL. DAY 106
text: Eilis and Tony walking in to City Hall, hand-in-hand. Both
text: have bought new suits for the occasion, but they are on their
dialog: own.
scene_heading: INT. CITY HALL. DAY 107
text: Eilis and Tony are in the waiting room in City Hall; there
text: are a couple of other parties waiting to get married, but
text: they really are parties, with friends and parents and
text: siblings. The group sitting nearest to them contains an eight
text: or nine year-old boy, Frankie’s age, who is bored, and
text: getting into trouble with his parents. Tony leaves Eilis
text: sitting on a chair and starts fooling around with the boy:
text: they play bat and ball with a rolled-up newspaper and a light
text: plastic ball that the kid has been playing catch with. The
text: boy’s father comes over.
scene_heading: BOY'S FATHER
dialog: Is he annoying you? Because he was
dialog: annoying me.
dialog: The father is Irish.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: No, no. I got a brother the exact
dialog: same age. Hey, are you Irish?
scene_heading: BOY'S FATHER
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Is it so obvious?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 75.
speaker_heading: 107 CONTINUED: 107
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I’m just about to marry an Irish
dialog: girl, so I guess I notice it more.
dialog: There are a lot of you in Brooklyn.
scene_heading: BOY'S FATHER
dialog: Sometimes it seems as though there
dialog: can’t be anybody left at home.
dialog: Where’s your girl from?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Enniscorthy, in County Wexford.
dialog: Have you heard of it?
text: Tony throws the kid a gentle pitch with the ball.
scene_heading: BOY'S FATHER
dialog: I think my wife has family there,
dialog: but she’s got family everywhere.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: It’s the same thing with my family.
dialog: If you believe anything my dad
dialog: says, the Fiorellos own most of
dialog: Italy. I don’t understand why we
dialog: ever left.
text: The other man chuckles. Tony calls over to Eilis.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey, Eilis. Come here a second.
text: An official from County Hall emerges from an office and
text: addresses the waiting room.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
text: Anthony Fiorello and Eilis Lacey.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Maybe another time.
scene_heading: BOY'S FATHER
dialog: Good luck.
text: Eilis takes his arm. Tony kisses her on her cheek and they
text: walk off to get married.
scene_heading: 108 EXT. MRS KEHOE’S HOUSE. NIGHT 108
text: Tony and Eilis are kissing outside Mrs Kehoe’s. Eilis breaks
text: off and looks at him.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Will we ever tell our children we
dialog: did this?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 108
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Maybe we'll save it for some
dialog: anniversary.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I wonder what they’1l think of it?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: They'll believe that we saw a movie
dialog: and ate hot dogs. They won’t
dialog: believe that on our wedding night I
dialog: dropped you off at Ma Kehoe’s and
dialog: went home.
text: Eilis smiles and kisses him again. The camera pans back to
text: show the married couple, kissing in the dark with nowhere to
dialog: go.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH IN IRELAND. DAY 109
text: A sunny Sunday morning. Eilis is emerging from Mass arm-in-
text: arm with Mary. Suddenly we see what we haven’t been able to
dialog: notice before: Eilis has come back from America a different
text: person. She’s older, and more sophisticated, her clothes are
text: better and brighter than those of anyone else from her town,
text: her hair-style classier, her skin a different colour. Mary,
text: meanwhile, has been aged very quickly by grief and
dialog: loneliness.
text: Eilis’s emergence into the Sunday morning light is
text: complicated. People are excited to see her, but at the same
text: time they know they have to be respectful of her recent loss.
text: Her friend NANCY - Eilis’s age, pretty, bubbly - is, however,
text: just overwhelmed with excitement, and pushes through the
text: emerging congregation to greet her. Eilis breaks into a broad
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Nancy!
dialog: In a modern age, or a less buttoned-up culture, they would
text: fall into each other’s arms and squeal. There is that level
text: of excitement, but they channel it through the clasping of
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: You look so glamorous!
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (sourly)
dialog: I told you so.
text: Eilis rolls her eyes at Nancy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 109
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: I’m so sorry about Rose.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: It was a beautiful funeral, Mrs
dialog: Lacey.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: How are you?
text: Nancy wiggles her fingers, and Eilis sees the engagement ring
text: on her finger.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (excited)
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I knew. But I wanted to let Nancy
dialog: tell you herself.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: I’m so glad you can come to the
dialog: wedding.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Can I?
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Your mother accepted the invitation
dialog: on your behalf.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: When is it?
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: The 27th of August.
text: Eilis’s smile freezes perceptibly.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Will you come out with George and
dialog: me tomorrow night? Annette wants to
dialog: see you, too.
text: Eilis looks at Mary for permission.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Oh, I don’t mind. I’1l have to find
dialog: you a key. I don’t want you getting
dialog: me out of bed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 109
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: We all want to hear what life in
dialog: New York is like.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I'll try and think of something to
dialog: say.
text: Nancy rejoins her parents, who are standing a little way
text: away, waiting for her.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I’m booked to go back to New York
dialog: on the twenty-first.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (blithe)
dialog: Oh, you can wait an extra week to
dialog: see your best friend married.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY. DAY 110
text: Eilis walking down a path in her local church in Ireland.
text: She's holding a wreath. Close on her hands - she takes her
text: wedding ring out of her pocket, slips it on.
text: She arrives at Rose’s grave. She kneels, places the wreath on
text: the grave, stands up. She’s sombre, near tears, but together.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I’ve come home. Just for...
text: An elderly lady is coming down the path. Eilis stops, self-
text: conscious, and waits until she’s walked past.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Just for a month or so. I know
dialog: mother needed me home. There’s so
dialog: much to do. Mother wants me to go
dialog: through all your clothes, and take
dialog: what I want. I can’t bear to take
dialog: anything. (Beat) Rose, I got
dialog: married. I married Tony. Just
dialog: before I left. Nobody knows, not
dialog: even Mother. Only you, now. We were
dialog: married at City Hall, and when I go
dialog: back we’ll get married properly.
dialog: I’1ll tell people then. I can’t
dialog: believe I’m married to someone you
dialog: will never know. But you’d like
dialog: him. I know you would. He’s sweet,
dialog: and funny, and he has these
dialog: wonderful eyes that..
text: She stops and sighs heavily.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 110
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I wish..Oh, I wish everything were
dialog: different. (Beat) It’s so strange,
dialog: being in the house without you.
dialog: Every time I hear even the
dialog: slightest noise I think it’s you. I
dialog: pray for you every day. I hope you
dialog: pray for us.
text: She closes her eyes, momentarily, and then walks away.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, EILIS’S HOUSE. DAY 111
text: Eilis and Mary, sitting at the table in the front room,
text: plodding through the pile of letters that have to be written.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: So now.
text: She picks up the next one in the pile.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Mrs O’Toole from Cush.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Do we really have to do this?
dialog: Getting a letter of condolence
dialog: isn’t like getting a birthday
dialog: present, is it? What if Mrs O'Toole
dialog: from Cush writes back to thank you
dialog: for your thank you?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Then I’1l1 thank her.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: And you'd be happy to spend the
dialog: rest of your life like that?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It’s not as if I have anything else
dialog: to do. Nor anybody else to talk to.
dialog: It might as well be Mrs O'Toole
dialog: from Cush.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: What do you want me to say?
text: Just at that moment there is the sound of a car horn - two
text: beeps, a cheery greeting.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: That’1l be Nancy and George and
dialog: Annette.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 111
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 111
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Off you go. Enjoy yourself.
scene_heading: EXT. EILIS’S HOUSE. EVENING 112
text: Waiting outside in the gleaming four-door saloon car are
text: Nancy, GEORGE, her fiancee, and his friend JIM. Both men are
text: sporting the Rugby Club trademark blazers and Brylcreem.
text: There is no sign of Annette. The men are in the front seats -—
text: it’s George’s car - and Nancy is in the back. Eilis pauses
text: momentarily when she sees Jim. She smiles thinly and gets in.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE’S CAR. EVENING 113
text: Eilis settles herself in and George starts the car.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Eilis, this is Jim Farrell.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (cool)
dialog: Hello.
text: Jim turns around and shakes Eilis’s hand. He’s confident,
text: direct, sincere, manly. If he didn’t come with rugby-club
text: baggage, he might even be described as extremely attractive.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It’s a great pleasure to meet you.
text: Eilis nods. When Jim has turned around again, Eilis makes a
dialog: why-didn’t you-tell-me? face at Nancy.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to George)
dialog: We could try the Connaught Hotel
dialog: bar. There may be a few of the
text: fellas from the rugby club there.
text: Eilis looks at Nancy, wanting her to say something; Nancy
text: doesn’t even know there’s something to say.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (tartly)
dialog: Do you have to be with other fellas
dialog: from the rugby club all the time?
text: Jim turns around again. He’s amused.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No. But Nancy told us that we
dialog: wouldn’t be allowed to talk to you,
dialog: because you had too much to say to
dialog: each other. So we're looking for
dialog: company.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 81.
speaker_heading: 113 CONTINUED: 113
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Oh. Well.
text: She should probably apologise, but she doesn’t.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Do you not like the fellas from the
dialog: rugby club, Eilis?
text: He tries to catch Jim’s eye, but Jim doesn’t want to get
dialog: involved in this.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I don’t, particularly, George.
text: Nancy nudges her and makes a pleading face. Eilis ignores
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: When I first went to America, I
dialog: missed every single thing about
dialog: Enniscorthy except one.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We’re not all the same.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: You all look the same. It’s the
text: blazer and the hair-oil.
text: Jim and George look at each other and laugh with recognition.
scene_heading: 114 EXT. CONNAUGHT HOTEL DRIVEWAY. EVENING 114
text: They get out of the car. Jim and George walk ahead - Eilis
text: hangs back deliberately so that she can talk to Nancy.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Why has he come? And where’s
dialog: Annette?
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: He saw you at Mass on Sunday
dialog: morning, and he asked George if we
dialog: could arrange a drink, just the
dialog: four of us. And I knew you wouldn’t
dialog: come if I told you. He’s very nice,
dialog: so don’t be too hard on him.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Is this the same Jim Farrell that
dialog: was engaged to Cathleen Cassidy?
dialog: What happened to her?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114
scene_heading: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: He broke it off. He didn’t think
dialog: she was serious about him. He was
dialog: very upset for a while, but he’s
text: over her now.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Nancy, I’m..
text: She hesitates.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I’m going back.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: He knows that. But you can have a
dialog: bit of fun while you’re here, can’t
dialog: you?
dialog: 82.
dialog: 114
text: George and Jim wait for the girls to catch them up. George
text: and Nancy then walk ahead. Jim slows his pace so that he can
dialog: talk to Eilis privately.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: How is your mother?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Oh, she’s...Well, she’s sad. (Beat)
dialog: And she’s got much older, very
dialog: quickly.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: It was a terrible thing. We all
dialog: went to the funeral Mass. My mother
dialog: and father and myself.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I, I didn’t know that.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: My mother played golf with her, you
dialog: know. She was very fond of her. It
dialog: was... It was the saddest thing to
dialog: happen in the town that I can
dialog: remember.
text: Jim is so pained and so genuine that Eilis can only look at
text: him with gratitude. She can’t speak, and she’s close to
dialog: tears.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Thank you.
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 83.
scene_heading: INT. CONNAUGHT HOTEL BAR. EVENING 115
text: Eilis, Nancy and George watch as Jim pays for the round of
text: drinks at the bar: pints for the men, gin and bitter lemons
dialog: for the girls.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We can stand at the bar, George,
dialog: can’t we? And the ladies can have
dialog: their gossip over there.
text: He gestures towards a quiet table in the corner of the room.
text: After the conversation she had with Jim on the way in, Eilis
text: feels awkward.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Oh, we’re not going to talk about
dialog: anything terribly exciting.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Oh, really? You’ve got nothing to
dialog: tell me?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'd love to hear something about
dialog: New York. If I promise not to say
dialog: anything, can I listen?
text: Later. Jim, George and Nancy are listening to Eilis talking
dialog: about her new life.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Ah, but that’s Manhattan. I live in
dialog: Brooklyn, and I work in Brooklyn,
dialog: and if I go out, I go out in
text: Brooklyn, and the skyscrapers are
dialog: across the river. I don’t even
dialog: think about them, very often.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: But you’ve made friends?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Oh, the girls in the house aren't
dialog: so bad, once you get used to them.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: You don’t make it sound very
dialog: glamorous.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: It’s not, really.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Not even..what do you call it? The
dialog: department store where you work?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 84.
speaker_heading: 115 CONTINUED: 115
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Bartocci’s? It sells lovely things.
dialog: But I can’t afford many of them,
dialog: and I don’t like the work.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What would you like to do?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I want to do what Rose did. I want
dialog: to work in an office, and deal with
dialog: numbers. That’s why I’ve been
dialog: studying so hard.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You should call in at Davis’s. They
dialog: haven’t managed to replace Rose,
dialog: you know. We do business with them,
dialog: and they've been looking, but they
dialog: can’t find anyone who’s reliable
dialog: and qualified.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I‘1l be going back to New York
text: straight after the wedding.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: But you might want to earn a little
dialog: money in the meantime. I’m sure
dialog: they’d be glad to have you.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: Oh, you just want her to stay.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I’m only thinking of Eilis.
text: He says this ambiguously, and with a smile. He doesn’t mind
text: being teased, and he certainly doesn’t mind being teased on
dialog: this particular subject.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: D’you hear that, Eilis? He’s only
dialog: thinking of you.
text: Eilis blushes. She makes eye contact with Jim, and she looks
dialog: away first.
scene_heading: 116 EXT. EILIS’ HOUSE. NIGHT 116
text: Eilis emerges from George’s car, amid laughter. The evening
text: has clearly gone well. She walks towards her house and
text: notices that the light in the front room is still on.
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 85.
scene_heading: 117 INT. DINING ROOM, EILIS’S HOUSE. NIGHT. 117
text: Eilis comes in to the front room. Mary is reading the
text: newspaper in an armchair.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: How was your evening?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: It was very nice, thank you.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Was that Jim Farrell I saw in the
dialog: car with them?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: It was.
text: Mary raises her eyebrows quizzically. Eilis isn’t biting.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: His parents are moving, you know.
dialog: They're retiring to the country.
dialog: He’1l be in that big house on his
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He’s a catch for someone. (Beat)
dialog: Did you see the air-mail letter
dialog: that came for you?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: No. Thank you.
text: She's embarrassed by something. Mary studies her.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: One of your new friends in America,
dialog: I suppose.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I expect so. Goodnight, Mummy.
scene_heading: 118 INT. BEDROOM. NIGHT 118
text: Eilis rushes into the bedroom, sits on the bed, tears open
text: her letter and reads it voraciously. We have seen something
text: like this before - when she was in Brooklyn, devouring
dialog: letters from Ireland.
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 86.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN. DAY 119
text: Eilis walking through the streets of Enniscorthy, carrying
text: grocery shopping. She smiles and says hello to a couple of
dialog: people.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE. DAY 120
text: Eilis comes in through the front door with the shopping. Mary
text: bustles out of the front room into the hall.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Oh, thank goodness you’re back.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: What’s the matter?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: A lad from Davis’s came round. They
dialog: have a problem in their accounts
dialog: department and they need you up
text: there straight away.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Is that all? I’1l just put the
text: shopping away.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No, no, leave it. Straight away,
dialog: the young fella said.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: It doesn’t matter what he said,
dialog: Mother. I’m not an employee. I'd be
dialog: doing them a favour.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Please, let me do the shopping.
text: She blocks Eilis’s way, takes the bags off her impatiently.
text: Eilis sighs, turns around, goes out of the door.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE. DAY 121
text: MARIA, a woman in her mid-thirties, ushers Eilis through a
text: large outer office where several people are working into a
text: smaller office. On the desk there is a framed photograph of
text: Eilis. She sees it immediately, but doesn’t say anything.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: The problem is that it’s our busy
dialog: season, so all the drivers and mill-
dialog: workers did overtime last week.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 87.
speaker_heading: 121 CONTINUED: 121
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, they’ve all filled out their
dialog: overtime slips, which are here...
text: She picks a pile of slips up off the desk.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: But there’s been nobody to work it
dialog: all out and add it to their wage
dialog: slips, and some of the men have
dialog: started to complain. And I can’t
dialog: blame them. As you can see, it’s
dialog: all a terrible mess.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: If you leave me for a couple of
dialog: hours, I can work out a system so
dialog: that whoever comes in after me
dialog: won't have any trouble. I’1l come
dialog: and find you if I have any
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You're sure you don’t need me in
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I’m sure.
text: Later. Eilis is completely absorbed in her work - this, after
dialog: all, is what she has always wanted to do.
text: At the end of the day, the office is in impeccable shape -
text: Eilis has tidied up all the overtime slips, and has wage
text: packets lined up in alphabetical order in a box. Just as she
text: is standing up to go, there is a perfunctory knock on the
text: door and MR BROWN, owner of Davis’s, walks in.
speaker_heading: MR BROWN
dialog: Hello, Eilis. Maria has been
dialog: telling me that you’ve done the
dialog: most marvellous job here. We should
dialog: have known you would, of course.
dialog: You're Rose’s sister, after all.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MR BROWN
dialog: I’m told you have a certificate in
dialog: book-keeping. Is it American book-
dialog: keeping?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I got the certificate in America,
dialog: but the two systems are very
dialog: similar.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 88.
speaker_heading: 121 CONTINUED: 121
speaker_heading: MR BROWN
dialog: Well, we'll certainly need someone
dialog: to deal with wages and so on during
dialog: the busy season, so I'd like you to
dialog: continue on a part-time basis.
dialog: Let’s see how that goes, and then
dialog: we'll speak again.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I will be going back to the United
dialog: States soon.
speaker_heading: MR BROWN
dialog: As I say. Let’s you and I speak
dialog: again before we make any firm
dialog: decisions one way or the other.
text: Eilis hesitates for a moment.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes, Mr. Brown. Of course. Thank
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MR BROWN
dialog: Now, if you go and see Maria,
dialog: she’ll have your money for today.
scene_heading: 122 EXT. CLIFFTOPS. DAY 122
text: A gorgeous, sunny, windy August day. Nancy, George, Eilis and
text: Jim stand on the cliffs looking out to sea. They are carrying
text: towels and bathing suits. Down beneath them is a gloriously
text: empty sandy beach.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (wonderingly)
dialog: I’d forgotten.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: This.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Do you have beaches in Brooklyn?
text: Eilis smiles, remembering her day with Tony at Coney Island.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes. But..they’re different. The
dialog: one I’ve been to is, anyway.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Stones?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 122
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Stones?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Are the beaches stony?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Oh. It’s not that. They’re very
dialog: crowded.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: There will probably be quite a few
text: walkers here later.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Yes, I’m sure. It’s still not the
dialog: same.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I’m sure it’s not. (Sadly) We
dialog: don’t really know anything of the
dialog: rest of the world. We must seem
dialog: very backward to you now.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Of course not. You seem calm, and
text: civilized. And charming.
text: To her own amazement, Eilis is flirting.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF PATH. DAY 123
text: The four make their way down the path to the beach. George
text: holds Nancy’s hand as she jumps down the last big step; Jim
text: offers his hand to Eilis. She hesitates, and then takes it.
text: There is a moment between them as she reaches the sand.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH. DAY 124
text: Jim and Eilis walk behind Nancy and George along the beach.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: My mother wanted you to know that
text: the golf club is inaugurating a
text: prize in Rose’s name. A special
dialog: trophy, for the best score by a
text: lady newcomer at the club. She was
dialog: always very nice to the newcomers,
dialog: my mother says.
text: Eilis stops, a little overcome.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 124
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I hope you're pleased.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes. Of course. (Beat) So every
dialog: year, somebody will win the Rose
dialog: Lacey Trophy?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Every year. As long as there’s a
dialog: golf club.
text: Eilis starts to walk again, lost in thought.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I think my mother would like you to
dialog: come along and present it to the
dialog: first winner. Oh, and she’d like to
dialog: meet you, by the way. I’m supposed
dialog: to arrange a time when you can come
dialog: for tea.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Thank you. I’d like that. (Beat) I
dialog: wish it had been like this before I
dialog: went. Before Rose died.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: There was no place for me here
dialog: before. And now...I have a job, and
text: She makes a vague gesture, which seems to include Jim, and
text: trails off.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: (off in the distance)
dialog: Here?
text: She dumps the towels where she is standing.
text: Later. Nancy, George and Jim are engaged in the age-old and
text: inelegant struggle between towels and immodesty, as they try
text: to put their bathing costumes on. They hop on one leg, curse
text: and giggle. Eilis takes off her blouse and skirt to reveal
text: the bathing costume (and more of the tan) that she got in
text: America. Nancy and George are impressed with the simplicity
text: of the idea; Jim is just impressed generally.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Is that an American trick?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes. It’s a good one, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
scene_heading: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: It’s depressing, though, that we
dialog: don’t think of things like that,
dialog: isn’t it? I mean, how long have
dialog: they known about it? A hundred
dialog: years, probably.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (reverently)
dialog: I don’t think they had bathing
dialog: suits like that a hundred years
dialog: ago. And we still don’t have them
dialog: now.
text: Nancy and George exchange knowing, smiling glances.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Come on.
text: The four of them skip down the sand into the sea.
scene_heading: INT. TONY’S HOUSE. NIGHT
dialog: 91.
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
text: Frankie, Tony’s little brother, is lying on his bed in his
text: pyjamas, reading. Tony comes in.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You want to go see the Dodgers on
dialog: Saturday?
text: Frankie sits bolt upright.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: OK, will you do something for me?
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: What?
text: Tony closes the bedroom door behind him.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So if you laugh, or say anything
dialog: about this to anyone else in the
dialog: family, you don’t get to see the
dialog: Dodgers on Saturday. Or any other
dialog: day of the season. Also, you get a
dialog: beating.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Maybe it’s just better if I don’t
dialog: get involved.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 92.
speaker_heading: 125 CONTINUED: 125
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I really need your help.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: So stop telling me you’re going to
dialog: beat me up. I like the Dodgers, but
dialog: I could listen on the radio.
text: Tony produces a letter from his pocket. It’s crumpled, and a
dialog: little grubby.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You know you’re the best writer and
dialog: reader in the family?
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: (cocky)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I’m trying to write to Eilis, and I
dialog: want it to be, I dunno...
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: You wrote before already. About
dialog: five times.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah, but... They’re no good,
dialog: Frankie. And she’s only written
dialog: back once. She’s never read my
dialog: writing before. I’m worried I’m
dialog: putting her off me.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: I'm eight years old. I don’t know
dialog: anything about kissing.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You don’t need to know anything
dialog: about kissing. You need to know
dialog: about spelling and, and sentences.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Grammar.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah. Will you look?
text: He hands Frankie the letter hopefully, and a little
dialog: desperately.
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 93.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH. DAY 126
text: Eilis, Jim, Nancy and George in the sea. Nancy and George are
text: physically intimate with each other, in the way that Tony and
text: Eilis were at Coney Island; Eilis and Jim are further apart,
text: of course, but by no means distant, and playful with each
text: other. Music - the score at this point is wistful, regretful,
text: heartbreaking.
speaker_heading: TONY (V.O.)
text: (in a halting, unconfident
dialog: monotone )
dialog: Dear Eilis, I hope that you are
dialog: doing well in Ireland. I hope that
dialog: your mother is feeling less sad. It
dialog: will not be long before your friend
dialog: gets married and you can come home.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE. DAY 127
text: Eilis back at Davis's, in her one-woman accounts department.
text: She's animated, confident, her intelligence alive in her
text: face. She’s tallying up a row of figures in a ledger. On the
text: desk, there is a framed photograph of Rose. A driver knocks
text: on the door, she smiles, hands him a wage packet.
speaker_heading: TONY (V.O.)
dialog: This week it is like the whole
dialog: world’s basements are flooding. I
dialog: have fixed three. I have been
dialog: working hard. I have been saving
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: TONY (V.O.)
dialog: Everybody asks me about you all the
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE (V.O.)
dialog: You missed out an ‘e’ I think. It’s
dialog: “everybody”.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 128
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH. EVENING 129
text: A different beach. Jim and Eilis, walking along the water's
text: edge, carrying their shoes.
speaker_heading: TONY (V.O.)
dialog: Anyway, I think that is all my
dialog: news. Mom and Dad and my brothers
dialog: all say hello.
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
speaker_heading: 132A
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 94.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, EILIS’S HOUSE. NIGHT 130
text: Mary gets up from her armchair, pulls back the curtains. She
text: sees Jim's car parked outside on the street.
speaker_heading: TONY (V.O.)
dialog: I think about you most minutes of
dialog: most days. Even when I go to see
dialog: the Dodgers I do not concentrate on
dialog: the games. (To Frankie) I guess I
dialog: got “concentrate” wrong, right?
text: Mary peers intently into the darkness. She, like us, can see
text: Eilis and Jim kissing chastely.
speaker_heading: TONY (V.O.)
dialog: With love, your Tony. (Beat) So how
dialog: should I change it?
text: Mary smiles.
scene_heading: INT. EILIS’S HOUSE. DAY 131
text: Eilis comes in from work. On the hall table there is an
text: airmail letter. She picks it up. She is about to open it
text: there and then, but she decides not to.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM. DAY 132
text: Eilis sits down on the bed with the letter. She stares at the
text: crude but neat handwriting. She goes to open it again - and
text: again, she can’t bring herself to do it.
text: Close on the top drawer of the chest of drawers by Eilis’s
text: bed. Her hand opens the drawer, puts the letter on top of
text: several other identical letters, all apparently unopened.
scene_heading: INT. CONNAUGHT HOTEL. EVENING 132A
text: Jim and Eilis are eating at the Connaught. Jim is wearing a
text: blazer, and he’s nervous. Eilis recognises his nerves and his
text: vulnerablity, and she’s grateful for them.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: No hair oil. And that’s not a
dialog: blazer, it’s a sports jacket. Have
dialog: you come out in disguise, Jim
dialog: Farrell? Are you trying to trick
dialog: me?
text: Jim laughs self-deprecatingly, blushes, and smooths his hair,
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 94a.
speaker_heading: 132A CONTINUED: 132A
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I knew what you meant, when you
dialog: said we're all the same. And it
dialog: made me think that my life must
dialog: seem very easy to you. I’m going to
dialog: run my father’s bar, and I’m going
dialog: to live in my parents’ house. I can
dialog: see what that must look like from
text: the outside. But it doesn’t feel
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: What does it feel like?
text: Jim thinks.
text: Later. Eilis is eating a roast dinner. Jim doesn’t seem to
text: have touched the food on his plate. He is in full flow.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: And I’ve never been anywhere. I
dialog: have never even been to England.
dialog: I'd like to see London, and Paris,
dialog: and Rome. And New York. It
dialog: frightens me, the thought of dying
dialog: without ever leaving Ireland. And
dialog: there are other things, too...
text: Later. They are drinking coffee.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I’m sorry. I wanted to ask you a
dialog: thousand things and all I’ve done
text: is talked.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I’m glad.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: 133 EXT. CHURCHYARD. DAY 133
text: It’s the day of Nancy and George’s wedding. Jim, Eilis and
text: Mary, all dressed in Sunday best, are walking towards the
text: church, Mary on Eilis’s arm.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don’t want to be sitting right at
dialog: the back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 94B.
speaker_heading: 133 CONTINUED: 133
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Oh, we’ll make sure you get the
dialog: best seats in the house.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 133
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Oh, it wouldn’t feel right, sitting
text: up there with Nancy and George.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: We'll find the second-best seats in
dialog: the house, then. Would you like me
dialog: to run ahead and save a couple of
dialog: places, Mrs Lacey?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Would you mind, Jim? That would be
dialog: grand.
text: Jim walks briskly ahead.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He’s a real gentleman, isn’t he?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (neutral)
dialog: He is.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He came along at just the right
dialog: time for us.
text: Eilis says nothing.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Is he why you changed your ticket
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Oh, no. They need me at Davis's too
dialog: much for me to think about going
dialog: for a week or two, that’s all.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH. DAY 134
text: Nancy and George getting married. Nancy is looking into
text: George’s eyes and reciting her vows.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: I promise to be true to you in good
dialog: times and in bad, in sickness and
dialog: in health. I will love you and
dialog: honour you all the days of my life.
text: We see Jim, Eilis and Mary in the congregation. Jim tries to
text: steal a sideways glance at Eilis, but she won’t catch his
text: eye, and, to Jim at least, her expression is unreadable -
text: certainly she’s not smiling. If anything, she looks afraid.
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 96.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHYARD. DAY 135
text: As Nancy and George get into the car that will take them to
text: the church and the reception, Eilis has been caught by one of
dialog: Mary’s friends, Mrs Byrne.
speaker_heading: MRS BYRNE
dialog: (knowingly)
dialog: Your mother tells me you things are
dialog: working out for you very well in
dialog: Enniscorthy, Eilis.
text: Eilis doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: It was a lovely service.
speaker_heading: MRS BYRNE
dialog: And Mr and Mrs Farrell are moving
dialog: out to Glenbrien, so Jim will...
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (abrupt)
dialog: Yes, I know. (Beat) Jim and I
dialog: promised my mother we'd take her
text: back to the car. She says she can’t
dialog: remember where we parked it.
speaker_heading: MRS BYRNE
dialog: Oh, do you hear that? “Jim and I!
dialog: Jim and I!”. It won’t be long now,
dialog: by the sound of it, and your mother
dialog: will have a wonderful day out.
text: Eilis smiles thinly.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Will you excuse me?
scene_heading: INT. WEDDING RECEPTION. NIGHT 136
text: Jim and Eilis are slow-dancing to the band, along with
text: several other couples, in the ballroom of the hotel. It’s
text: clearly the fag-end of the evening, and many of the older
dialog: people have gone home, apart from those too incapable of
text: stirring themselves.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Can we talk?
text: Eilis pulls her face away, looks at him.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: What about?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 97.
speaker_heading: 136 CONTINUED: 136
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: About...Well, the future.
text: Eilis takes a breath. She can guess what’s coming.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I can’t just let you go back to
dialog: America without saying anything.
dialog: I'd regret it for the rest of my
dialog: life. So: I don’t want you to go. I
dialog: want you to stay here, with me.
text: Eilis stiffens perceptibly.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: And that means asking you another
dialog: question, I know that, but I don’t
dialog: want to bombard you. I’1l save that
dialog: one for later.
text: He looks at her expectantly. She shrugs helplessly.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Thank you. (Beat) I’m...I’m
dialog: grateful. And I’m flattered.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: But that’s all?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: No. No, of course not. It’s
dialog: just...I had imagined a different
dialog: life for myself.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I understand. But your life here
dialog: could be just as good. Better,
dialog: even, maybe.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 136
text: Eilis returns to her previous position: she holds Jim close
text: to her, and puts her head on his shoulder. That way she can
text: demonstrate how she feels without having to say any more.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM. NIGHT 137
text: Eilis is sitting on her bed surrounded by Tony’s letters. She
text: has an air-mail pad on her knee and a pen is poised above the
text: paper. She starts to write.
speaker_heading: EILIS (V.0.)
dialog: Dear Tony,
text: She stops again. There’s a pause.
speaker_heading: EILIS (V.0.)
dialog: Thank you for your letters.
dialog: Another pause.
dialog: I want you to know that...
text: She stops again.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (out loud, agonised) I don’t know
dialog: what I want you to know.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FARRELL HOUSE. DAY 138
text: Jim lives on the edge of Enniscorthy, in a pretty detached
text: house set back from the road. It’s not big, but it’s bigger
text: than her mother’s house. His car turns into the gravel drive.
text: He jumps out, runs round, opens the door for Eilis, who is
text: wearing Sunday best, a nicely-cut dress that she couldn’t
dialog: have bought in Ireland.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN. DAY 139
text: Mrs Farrell, a large, homely, pleasant woman is pouring tea
text: for Eilis in the small back garden of the house. Jim and
text: Eilis are sitting on chairs at the garden table; Jim’s father
text: is sitting away from them, smoking a pipe on a bench at the
text: end of the garden. It’s a hot day, but there is plenty of
dialog: shade.
speaker_heading: MRS FARRELL
dialog: (to her husband)
dialog: Will you finish that wretched pipe
dialog: and sit with us?
speaker_heading: MR FARRELL
dialog: I can hear perfectly well from
dialog: where I am.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 99.
speaker_heading: 139 CONTINUED: 139
speaker_heading: MRS FARRELL
dialog: We're not here to provide you with
dialog: entertainment.
speaker_heading: MR FARRELL
dialog: Oh, don’t you worry. I found that
dialog: out many years ago.
text: Jim rolls his eyes at Eilis. She smiles.
speaker_heading: MRS FARRELL
dialog: (provocatively quiet)
dialog: Just ignore him, Eilis. It’s as
dialog: well Jim takes after me, not him.
speaker_heading: MR FARRELL
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Speak up!
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (a little louder than
dialog: necessary)
dialog: Are you looking forward to your
dialog: move?
speaker_heading: MRS FARRELL
dialog: (still quiet)
dialog: Ah, we'll miss Enniscorthy. But
dialog: it’s lovely and quiet in Glenbrien.
text: Over on the bench, Mr Farrell puts down his pipe in
text: irritation and stomps over to join them.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Mother’s worried about leaving me
dialog: here on my own. She thinks I'11
dialog: destroy the place.
speaker_heading: MRS FARRELL
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: I’m hoping you won’t be on your own
dialog: forever.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I’m sure he won't.
text: Almost before the words are out of her mouth, Eilis can see
dialog: that she’s said more than she meant to, and we can see she
text: feels panicky. She tries to clarify her position.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I mean..
text: But she can’t find words with the necessary ambiguity -
text: unsurprisingly, given that she doesn’t know what she feels.
text: Mrs Farrell looks at Jim meaningfully.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 139
text: It’s clear that Eilis has her approval. Jim smiles. He looks
text: happy and proud - and, to us, vulnerable.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY. DAY 140
text: Eilis standing at Rose’s grave. She has just left fresh
text: flowers by the headstone.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: You're the only person I can talk
dialog: to, Rose. There’s nobody else. Not
dialog: Tony, my husband. My husband! Not
dialog: Jim. Not mother. Oh, Rose. Can you
dialog: imagine If I told mummy that I was
dialog: going to marry Jim? That would be
dialog: everything she wanted. She wouldn't
dialog: be alone. And I could be happy, I
dialog: know I could. I'd be happy with Jim
dialog: here, at home. And I could be happy
dialog: with Tony in America. I know that,
dialog: too... I wish I could do nothing. I
dialog: wish I could float above it all,
dialog: watching. Like you.
scene_heading: EXT. EILIS’S HOUSE, STREET. DAY 141
text: Eilis has just returned from visiting Rose’s grave. She is
text: about to walk down the path into her house when she sees
text: Mary, Miss Kelly’s shop assistant, walking towards her
text: briskly.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Mary!
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I was just coming to fetch you.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (amused)
dialog: To fetch me? I haven’t worked for
dialog: Miss Kelly for a long time, Mary. I
dialog: may call in to see her soon, if
dialog: that’s what she wants.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (anxious)
dialog: Please come, Eilis. She told me not
dialog: to come back without you. You know
dialog: what she’s like.
scene_heading: EXT. KELLY SHOP, STREET. DAY 142
text: Miss Kelly is waiting at the door of the shop where Eilis
text: used to work as Eilis and Mary approach.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 142
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: You look after things for five
dialog: minutes while I’m upstairs with
dialog: Eilis, please, Mary. There are no
dialog: customers in there at the moment,
dialog: so I don’t think you can make too
dialog: much of a mess of things.
text: She leads Eilis round the side of the shop, where there is an
text: entrance to Miss Kelly’s home above the shop. She opens the
text: door without saying anything, and Eilis follows her inside.
scene_heading: INT. MISS KELLY'S FRONT ROOM. DAY 143
text: A dingy room, full of old furniture and dust and no colour.
text: We see the dust motes in the afternoon sunlight. Eilis and
text: Miss Kelly enter the room, and Miss Kelly sits down in an
text: armchair. She gestures at Eilis to sit on a smaller armchair
text: facing her. Eilis perches on it, unwilling to relax.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: So. How have you been getting on?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Very well, thanks, Miss Kelly.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: I heard that you’re working over at
dialog: Davis's? In the accounts
dialog: department?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: That’s right.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: And there’s lots of talk about you
dialog: and young Jim Farrell.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Ah, well. You know what people are
dialog: like. They love to talk.
text: Miss Kelly smiles to herself.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: Yes. Do you remember Mrs Brady?
text: Eilis thinks, or pretends to.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
text: She usually comes into the shop on
text: Sunday morning for her rashers.
text: This hasn't helped. Eilis still looks blank.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 102.
speaker_heading: 143 CONTINUED: 143
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: No? Well, you have a very busy life
dialog: now. What with one thing and
dialog: another.
text: Miss Kelly pauses for a moment. She’s enjoying unsettling
dialog: Eilis.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: Anyway, Mrs Brady has a niece
dialog: living in Brooklyn.
text: Eilis is now beginning to feel uneasy - we can almost see the
text: chill that is beginning to run through her.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: The world is a small place, isn’t
dialog: it? She had a letter from her a
dialog: couple of weeks back.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: And what did it say?
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: Oh, only that she’d been to a
dialog: wedding at the registry office, and
text: her husband had bumped into a girl
dialog: from Enniscorthy who was getting
dialog: married there.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I’m not sure what you’re telling
dialog: me, Miss Kelly. He didn’t bump into
dialog: me.
dialog: This has only the virtue of being literally true. Eilis is
text: visibly shaking. Miss Kelly is loving this. There is
text: unambiguous pleasure on her face.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: Oh, you can’t fool me, Miss Lacey.
dialog: Although I’m not sure that’s your
dialog: name any longer, is it? He couldn’t
dialog: remember. Something Italian, he
dialog: thought.
text: Suddenly, Eilis finds the will to resist her.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I’d forgotten.
speaker_heading: MISS KELLY
dialog: (snorting disbelief)
dialog: You'd forgotten! What a thing for-
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 143
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I'd forgotten what this town is
dialog: like. What were you planning to do,
dialog: Miss Kelly? Keep me away from Jim?
dialog: Stop me from going back to America?
dialog: Perhaps you didn’t even know.
dialog: Perhaps it was enough for you to
dialog: know that you could ruin me.
text: She stands up.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: My name is Eilis Fiorello.
text: She meets Miss Kelly’s stare and then leaves the room.
scene_heading: EXT. KELLY SHOP, STREET. DAY 144
text: Eilis comes out of Miss Kelly’s flat and closes the door. She
text: stops for a moment, closes her eyes, then walks on.
scene_heading: EXT. POST OFFICE. DAY 145
text: We see Eilis walking in to the local post office.
scene_heading: INT. POST OFFICE. DAY 146
text: Minutes later. Eilis is leaning against the wall in a
text: telephone kiosk, shaken by her encounter. The telephone
text: rings. She answers it immediately.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Thank you.... Hello? I would like
dialog: to make a reservation for the next
dialog: available sailing from Cobh to New
dialog: York....
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, EILIS’S HOUSE. EVENING 147
text: Eilis and Mary, eating their dinner. Eilis is drawn,
text: distracted; Mary is content and chatty. We join her in mid-
dialog: flow.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I think people even spend more
text: money after a wedding. Nancy's
dialog: mother must have been in every shop
text: in the town. She was buying
text: firelighters in Broom’s.
dialog: Firelighters! In August!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 103A.
speaker_heading: 147 CONTINUED: 147
text: Close on Eilis. She can hardly bear to listen to this. She
text: begins to weep silently.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 104.
speaker_heading: 147 CONTINUED: 147
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: But she’d seen Mrs Stapleton in
dialog: there, and she hadn’t had a chance
dialog: to go through the whole day in
dialog: detail with her, so...
text: Finally Mary notices her tears.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Eilis, what’s the matter? Has
dialog: something happened with Jim?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Mummy, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I’m
dialog: married. I got married in Brooklyn
dialog: before I came home. I should have
dialog: told you. I should have told you
dialog: the minute I got back.
text: Mary puts down her knife and fork. She holds on to the table,
text: as if to steady herself.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: And you kept it from me all this
dialog: time?
text: Eilis closes her eyes. She cannot bear the pain she is
text: causing her mother.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: So you're going back?
text: Eilis nods.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes. Tomorrow.
text: A very brief expression of shock appears on her mother’s
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I want to be with him. I want to be
dialog: with my husband.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Of course. Is he nice?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (softly, heartbroken)
dialog: He would have to be nice, if you
dialog: married him. The letters that
dialog: came... I didn’t want to ask.
text: Eilis is crying again.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 147
scene_heading: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I know you didn’t. And I didn’t
dialog: want to tell you.
text: Mary stands up.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Are you on the early train?
text: Eilis nods.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I’m going to bed.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Oh, mummy...It’s not even eight
dialog: o'clock. You don’t have to..
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I’m very tired. And I'd rather say
text: goodbye now, and only once.
text: Eilis stands up and they embrace.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: If you weren’t married, would you
dialog: still be going back?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: (helplessly)
dialog: Yes.
text: And then, recognising that this admission causes fresh
dialog: pain...
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Perhaps you’1l write to me about
dialog: him when you get back?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Thank you. Have a safe journey.
dialog: Goodnight, Eilis.
dialog: 105.
dialog: 147
text: She walks out of the room, dignified, determined, broken.
text: Eilis sits back down at the dinner table and puts her head in
text: her hands.
dialog: Montage:
scene_heading: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 106.
scene_heading: 147A INT. EILIS’S HOUSE - ROSE’S BEDROOM. DAY 147A
text: Eilis is standing in the doorway looking at the empty room.
scene_heading: 148 EXT. STREET. NIGHT 148
text: Eilis standing outside a large house a little way out of the
text: town. She hesitates, walks down the path and puts a letter
text: through the letter-box.
scene_heading: 149 INT. TRAIN. MORNING 149
text: Eilis sitting in a train carriage, looking out of the window.
scene_heading: 150 INT. HOUSE. DAY 150
text: Jim, dressed for work, stoops to pick up an envelope on the
text: mat in the hallway. He opens it, starts to read the letter it
dialog: contains.
scene_heading: 151 EXT. SHIP. DAY. 151
text: Eilis, standing with a few other passengers on the deck of a
text: passenger ship looking back at the dock as it disappears. A
text: young-looking teenage girl standing a few feet away is
text: watching too. She turns to Eilis.
speaker_heading: GIRL ON DECK
dialog: So are you away to live in America?
text: Eilis doesn’t turn towards the voice.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GIRL ON DECK
dialog: Just visiting?
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: No. I live there already.
speaker_heading: GIRL ON DECK
dialog: Really? What’s it like?
text: Eilis smiles wearily.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: It’s a big place.
speaker_heading: GIRL ON DECK
dialog: I’m going to live in Brooklyn, New
dialog: York. Do you know it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 106A.
speaker_heading: 151 CONTINUED: 151
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
text: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 151
speaker_heading: GIRL ON DECK
dialog: People say that there’s so many
dialog: Irish people there, it’s like home.
dialog: Is that right?
text: Finally, Eilis turns to study the girl - takes in her youth,
text: and her innocence, and her fear.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: Yes, it’s just like home.
text: The girl smiles gratefully. Eilis turns away. Suddenly she
text: thinks better of her unfriendliness, and turns back to the
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: You're not to eat.
speaker_heading: GIRL ON DECK
dialog: Oh. Right. (Beat) But I might be
dialog: there years.
text: Eilis smiles.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: No, you can eat when you get there.
dialog: But don’t eat on the boat. It’1l
dialog: stop you getting so sick. Do you
dialog: promise me?
speaker_heading: GIRL ON DECK
dialog: I promise.
speaker_heading: EILIS
dialog: And in a moment, I want you to go
dialog: straight down to your cabin and
dialog: lock the bathroom door on your
text: side. When next door starts
dialog: hammering, you can negotiate....
dialog: When you get to Immigration, keep
dialog: your eyes wide open, and look as if
dialog: you know where you’re going. You
dialog: have to think like an American.
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION CENTRE. DAY 152
text: We see the girl joining the back of a dispiritingly long
text: queue - the same desperation and poverty ahead of her that
text: Eilis had to deal with when she arrived in New York. Eilis
text: walks past her quickly down a different path - she gives the
text: girl on the deck a nod and a smile of encouragement. She
text: joins a tiny queue over which hangs a sign saying US
text: CITIZENS ONLY.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
scene_heading: 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 152
speaker_heading: EILIS (V.0.)
dialog: You'll feel so homesick that you’1ll
dialog: want to die, and there’s nothing
dialog: you can do about it apart from
dialog: endure it. But you will, and it
dialog: won’t kill you. And one day the sun
dialog: will come out...
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE IN BROOKLYN. DAY 153
text: Eilis is leaning against a wall opposite a three-story
text: brownstone in Brooklyn. She has her eyes closed as she soaks
text: up the last of a late-summer sunny day. The front door of the
text: brownstone opens, and two men, dressed in overalls and
text: carrying tools, come out chatting. One of them is Tony. Eilis
text: sees him before he sees her, and the camera stays on him for
text: a moment - we notice his openness, his good humour, his
dialog: innocence.
speaker_heading: EILIS (V.0O.)
dialog: And you'll realise that this is
dialog: where your life is.
text: Tony sees her. He stops in his tracks, smiles broadly, runs
text: across the road. For a moment he’s worried about the
text: reception he’s getting. Eilis’s expression is difficult to
text: read, and for a moment he looks at her anxiously, but she
text: opens her arms to him. Freeze on their embrace.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
