dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE PROGRAM
dialog: Written by
dialog: David S. Ward &amp; Aaron Latham
scene_heading: REVISED TAN 11/23/92
scene_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: ON BLACK SCREEN
speaker_heading: SPORTSCASTER'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Allright, bowl bid ridin' here for
text: E.S.U. Fourth down on the Georgia
text: Tech 18. 4 ticks left. Kane sets 'em
dialog: down.
scene_heading: INSTANT CUT TO:
scene_heading: LINE OF TAPED KNUCKLES - NIGHT
text: smashing into the mud, as a football OFFENSIVE LINE comes
text: set, frosted breath steaming across to:
text: The DEFENSIVE LINE digging in, ready to explode.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON JOE KANE
text: E.S.U. quarterback, barking signals. The ball is snapped,
text: and we go to SLOW MOTION as the lines crash together in the
dialog: slop.
text: Joe rolls to the right, looking downfield. A huge DEFENSIVE
text: END bears down on him. Joe jukes. The end whips on by,
text: grabbing for jersey, slipping off. But big NUMBER 75 is
text: closing the gap. On the run, Joe releases a desperation pass
text: toward the end zone, just as 75 catches him and buries him
text: face-down in the swamp.
text: We FOLLOW THE BALL, spiraling through the slanting rain. RAY
text: GRIFFEN, black running back, glances back for it, two
text: DEFENSIVE BACKS with him. All three leap in unison, climbing
text: as high as they can, clutching, clawing for the ball. The
text: ball floats down, kisses off the tangle of fingers, splashes
text: to the ground, and rolls to a stop in the mud. Incomplete.
text: The BANG of the final gun snaps us back to LIVE ACTION.
text: Joe on his knees in the muck, stares at the goal line, then
text: drops his head in defeat.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SAM WINTERS
text: Betraying little emotion, Coach SAM WINTERS, wiry, intense,
text: early 50's, takes off his headset, lets it drop, heads across
dialog: the field.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1 (V.O.)
dialog: Coach, this is the second year in a
dialog: row you've failed to go to a bowl
dialog: game. Do you feel your program's in
dialog: decline?
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Coach Winters stands outside his office surrounded by
text: reporters, a bouquet of microphones stuck in his face.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: (keeping his cool)
dialog: No, we're just a young team on the
dialog: verge. We'll be back in a major bowl
dialog: next year.
text: Elsewhere in the locker room, we pick up a weary, mud-
text: splattered Joe Kane taking off his pads in front of his
text: locker. ALVIN MACK, black linebacker, comes by. Alvin exudes
text: danger; big, fast and hostile on the field, slightly surly,
text: a sense of repressed anger off it.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Good throw, Joe. It was there.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: So was half their team.
dialog: (trailing off)
dialog: Shit, another Christmas at home.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Next year, man. Next year we sell
dialog: out. Next year we dominate.
scene_heading: ON COACH WINTERS AGAIN
text: still fielding questions.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: You still need a deep threat or a
text: breakaway back to go with Joe Kane.
dialog: What are you gonna do to address
dialog: this need?
speaker_heading: COACH WINTERS
dialog: (a little edgy)
dialog: Stop wastin' my time talkin' to you
dialog: guys for a start.
text: As Winters gets up to go, we hear:
speaker_heading: WILSON (V.O.)
dialog: I'm not gonna lead you into the fog
dialog: here, Sam...
scene_heading: INT. CHANCELLOR WILSON'S OFFICE - DAY
text: CHANCELLOR GRANT WILSON, 60, grey-haired eminence, sits behind
text: his desk. Seated across from him are Coach Winters and GALEN
text: HOWARD, 50, the Athletic Director.
speaker_heading: CHANCELLOR WILSON
dialog: I'm concerned about our Program.
dialog: It's always been a source of pride
dialog: to our students and alumni, but two
dialog: straight so-so seasons are having a
dialog: damaging effect on our fund-raising,
dialog: both public and private.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: (half-joking)
dialog: Then stop raising the entrance
dialog: requirements on me. We never could
dialog: have gotten Alvin Mack in here under
dialog: the new guidelines.
speaker_heading: CHANCELLOR WILSON
dialog: As Chancellor, my first responsibility
dialog: is to the academic interests of this
dialog: University.
text: Wilson points to a representation of a football field affixed
text: to the wall. A football rests on the 40 yard line, which is
text: marked 160 million. The end zone (60 yards away) is
dialog: $400,000,000.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: At a time when we're committed to a
dialog: 400 million dollar building program,
dialog: alumni donations are down 15% the
dialog: last two years. Because they've also
dialog: voiced their displeasure to their
dialog: legislators, we can expect a
dialog: corresponding drop in state funds.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
text: The Athletic Fund is suffering too.
dialog: Season tickets sales are off,
dialog: merchandising's slow...
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: You layin' all this at my door?
dialog: There's been a recession on.
speaker_heading: CHANCELLOR WILSON
dialog: Yes, but the heaviest drop has been
dialog: from the big donors, the 100,000
dialog: dollar club. These people are
dialog: recession proof. They sit in my box
dialog: every game, and they're much more
dialog: generous when we're ranked and going
dialog: to bowl games. Two of them, as you
dialog: know, are on the Board of Regents,
dialog: including the Chairman.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: What are you trying to say to me,
dialog: Grant? After 12 years, my job's in
dialog: jeopardy?
speaker_heading: CHANCELLOR WILSON
dialog: I'm not prepared to discuss your job
dialog: right now; I just want you to be
text: aware of the situation. The alumni
dialog: and the legislature are unhappy and
dialog: they vote with their checkbooks. I
dialog: don't pretend to be an expert on
dialog: football, Sam, and I'll deny that
dialog: this conversation ever took place,
dialog: but I do know we need to win next
dialog: year.
scene_heading: INT. STADIUM TUNNEL - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Coach Winters flanked by two assistant coaches, HUMES and
text: CLAYTON, walks down a cavernous tunnel beneath the stands to
text: a waiting car. At the end of the tunnel, a scarecrow EFFIGY
text: of Coach Winters hangs from an overhead pipe.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (ignoring the effigy)
dialog: Tickets are in your coat. Itinerary
dialog: and player profiles are in your
dialog: briefcase. We got a 9:00am tomorrow
dialog: in Philly with this kid Darnell
dialog: Jefferson.
text: Coach Winters stops, looks up at the effigy. Humes and Clayton
text: fear an outburst, a display of rage.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Looks like I've lost weight.
text: That's it. He strides on. Humes and Clayton race to catch
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: This kid's the gamebreaker we've
dialog: been lookin' for.
scene_heading: MUSIC STARTS. TITLES BEGIN.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - EVENING
text: A Boeing 737 roars into the night sky.
speaker_heading: COACH CLAYTON (V.O.)
text: Had a 108 yard kickoff return against
dialog: Taft. Michigan's been down to see
dialog: him twice.
scene_heading: INT. ST. LUKE'S HOME FOR BOYS - MORNING
text: Winters, Humes, Clayton and Joe Kane sit across from DARNELL
text: JEFFERSON and REVEREND WALLACE in a tattered parlor room.
text: Other boys of various ages and color look in from the
text: adjoining door. Darnell is black, good-looking, street-hip,
text: the letters D.J. shaved in block letters into his fade.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Darnell, you have the potential to
dialog: start for us as a freshman. That 108
dialog: yard kickoff return you made against
dialog: Taft? One of the greatest runs I've
dialog: ever seen a high school player make.
text: Now, Michigan is set at tailback for
dialog: two years. You won't play till you're
dialog: a junior. With Joe here gettin' you
dialog: the ball, runnin' 28 Thunder right,
dialog: you'll be All-American with us as a
dialog: Sophomore.
scene_heading: REVEREND WALLACE
dialog: Yes, but I'm really more concerned
dialog: with Darnell's education. He came
dialog: here late. He's got some catching up
dialog: to do.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Believe me, education is the first
dialog: priority in our program. That's why
dialog: all the players are smarter than me.
dialog: After all, a football coach is smart
dialog: enough to understand the game, but
dialog: dumb enough to think it's important.
text: This gets a little chuckle from the Reverend. It was intended
dialog: to.
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL SOUTH CAROLINA TENANT FARM - DAY
text: We see a run-down tenant SHACK on the edge of a large cotton
dialog: field.
scene_heading: INT. TENANT SHACK - DAY
text: Two rooms. Dirt floor. Two-foot Christmas tree on an apple
text: cart. Alvin Mack's MOTHER opens a Christmas present as Alvin
text: and his TWO SISTERS look on. It's an ENGRAVED LIONSHEAD
text: DOORKNOCKER, the kind you'de find on the door of an affluent
text: home. The inscription reads THE MACK'S. Alvin's mother thinks
text: it's beautiful, but isn't sure what to do with it.
speaker_heading: ALVIN'S MOTHER
dialog: It's real pretty, Alvin.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: When I turn pro, I'll get you the
dialog: house to go with it.
scene_heading: INT. COACH WINTERS' HOUSE - DAY
text: Winters' daughter LOUANNE, 20, is on the phone with her
text: father. Louanne is sexy, clothes too tight, but good-natured,
text: somewhat needy and loyal as a labrador. She holds a hopelessly
text: out-of-style sweater her dad's given her for Christmas.
speaker_heading: LOUANNE
dialog: (lying)
dialog: It's real nice, Dad.
scene_heading: INT. ROADSIDE MOTEL - DAY
text: Winters sits on the bed, eating Chinese take-out, the phone
text: cradled in his neck, talking to Louanne.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: I knew you'de like it, Lou. Merry
dialog: Christmas. Put some fresh flowers on
dialog: your Mom's grave for me. I'll be
dialog: home in a couple days.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL BRICK HOUSE - DAY
text: Battered and old, in a declining Pennsylvania neighborhood,
text: hard by a STEEL WORKS.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL BRICK HOUSE - DAY
text: Joe sits on the couch with his older brother, FRANK, watching
text: the bowl game he would have been in, had E.S.U. won their
text: last game. His FATHER, a grizzled man in his fifties, nods
text: in and out in a tattered armchair. All three have been
text: drinking beer, their empties scattered around. Frank tosses
text: Joe an Iron City beer.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Have another Vitamin I, Joey. Didn't
dialog: think we'de see you here this
dialog: Christmas, little brother.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You won't next year.
speaker_heading: JOE'S FATHER
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Yeh, well we won't rent your place
text: on the couch.
text: As Joe's father heads for the kitchen, he hangs his empty
text: beer can, by the pull tab, on a branch of the Christmas tree.
text: We see that the whole tree is covered with cans.
scene_heading: INT. PHILADELPHIA BOY'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Darnell talks on a pay phone in the hall.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: You're from E.S.U?
speaker_heading: GIRL'S VOICE
dialog: Yeh. I was just sittin' here by the
dialog: fire doin' my homework, and decided
dialog: to give you a call. See how you're
dialog: doin'.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE IN E.S.U. ATHLETIC DEPARTMENT - NIGHT
text: We see who Darnell is talking to: AUTUMN HALEY, beautiful
text: black girl, stylish, long straight hair, definitely not
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Coach Winters has been telling me
dialog: about you. I'm looking forward to
dialog: seeing you when you come to visit.
dialog: I'll be your guide. You are coming
dialog: to visit aren't you?
text: We PULL BACK and REVEAL Autumn in an office with 15 other
text: telephones, a coed on every one. ASST. COACH MYERS supervises
text: with a clipboard of names and numbers.
scene_heading: EXT. TUNNEL OF WOLFDEN STADIUM - DAY
text: Joe leads Darnell down to the end of the tunnel, where Autumn
text: is waiting. He introduces them. She's even more attractive
dialog: than Darnell thought she'd be.
text: She takes Darnell's hand and leads him out onto the field
text: where he's greeted by the E.S.U. BAND playing the school
text: fight song. The CHEERLEADERS whip into action, legs kicking,
text: pom-poms whirling.
text: The band parts and Darnell walks out into the 90,000 seat
dialog: stadium, an awesome sight for any young man. Autumn points
text: to the giant DIAMOND VISION SCOREBOARD. Darnell's name and
text: picture appear. The stadium P.A. ANNOUNCER cuts in.
scene_heading: P.A. ANNOUNCER
dialog: Now for the starting line-up for the
text: E.S.U. Timber Wolves. At tailback,
dialog: number 20, Darnell Jefferson!!
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: You got that right.
text: Darnell, in his excitement, does a little end-zone dance.
text: Slaps hands with Joe.
scene_heading: EXT. PICTURESQUE CAMPUS WALK - NIGHT
text: Romantic, Ivy-League look, lit by soft-glo footlights. Darnell
text: and Autumn walk, side by side, stopping outside Autumn's
dialog: dorm.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Thanks for showin' me around, Autumn.
dialog: I don't meet too many females like
dialog: you. You got a lotta class. Real
dialog: efficacious. Maybe I'll check you
text: out in the fall.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: I hope so, Darnell.
text: He leans down to kiss her. She hesitates, not sure about
text: this, then comes forward, kisses him on the lips, starts to
text: let it deepen, then breaks it off.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Good night.
text: As he watches her go up the steps, we go to:
scene_heading: EXT. THE BOYS HOME - DAY
text: Early February: It's National Decision Day and Darnell's
text: home is under seige. Reporters. Microphones. Television
text: cameras. Darnell steps out onto the porch wearing an ESU
text: jersey with #1 emblazoned on it.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Now you know where I'm going and
dialog: what we're indubitably going to be.
text: MUSIC and TITLES END.
scene_heading: EXT. E.S.U. CAMPUS - DAY
text: A hot, late summer day. Over the deserted Quad, we see the
scene_heading: title: 6 MONTHS LATER.
text: It fades and we MOVE TO REVEAL a city BUS pulling up at a
text: curb adjacent to the Quad. Off steps Darnell, carrying one
text: battered suitcase. Joe Kane and BUD LITE KAMINSKY, offensive
text: line tackle, are there to greet him.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Hey, Darnell, Welcome to E.S.U.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: (shaking hands)
dialog: Yeh, good to see you guys. What
dialog: happened to the band and the dancin'
dialog: honies?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Regular students don't come back for
dialog: two weeks yet. Not that they woulda
dialog: been here. Now that you've enrolled,
dialog: you're just another wormshit freshman.
scene_heading: INT. BROWNING ATHLETIC DORM - DAY
text: A dorm devoted exclusively to football players. Luxurious
text: lounges, study halls, saunas, recreation and media rooms.
text: Spacious living quarters. A world unto itself.
text: Joe and Bud usher Darnell into his room.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Here's your room. If you need anything
dialog: call the hall manager.
text: Darnell looks around, taking it all in. He tries to be cool,
text: but this is easily the nicest room he's ever had.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: See ya later. Freshman Placement
text: test tomorrow at nine. McKinnley
dialog: Hall.
text: Joe and Bud start down the hall. Darnell turns back into his
text: room, then starts to pace off it's dimensions, heel to toe.
scene_heading: EXT. THE 911 - NIGHT
text: College hang-out, bar, catering to athletes and their
text: admirers. A black HARLEY DAVIDSON, driven by Joe Kane with
text: Darnell on the back, pulls up at the curb. They get off,
text: head inside.
scene_heading: INT. THE 911 - NIGHT
text: Joe and Darnell pass a table of three girls, conspicuous
text: among them is Louanne Winters. Joe and Darnell give her a
text: nod and proceed on to a table where three fellow players
text: wait: Bud Lite, BOBBY COLLINS, good-looking, silver-tongued
text: ladies man and 2nd string quarterback, and STEVE LATTIMER,
text: heavily muscled, surf-punk defensive end. Between them is a
text: large pitcher of beer.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Uh, oh, the Lead Dog is back. There
dialog: goes my cover of the media guide.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Hey, Bobby, Lats, how ya doin? This
dialog: is Darnell Jefferson, freshman
text: tailback.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: How ya' doin'?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I was hopin' you'de have rolled your
dialog: bike or somethin'. Nothin' serious,
dialog: just enough to keep you out for the
dialog: season.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (pouring himself some
dialog: beer)
dialog: No such luck, Backup Man. But I'll
dialog: try to engineer a few blowouts. Get
dialog: you get some mop-up time.
dialog: (studying Lattimer)
dialog: Shit, Lats, you look buffed, man.
dialog: You put on some weight?
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
text: 35 lbs. Spent the summer in the gym.
dialog: I'm tired of watchin' you guys play.
dialog: I intend to start this year.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You get any bigger, you can play
dialog: offense.
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: Yeh, but don't I have to get dumber
dialog: too?
text: Bud takes a good-natured swipe at him. Lattimer deflects it.
text: Joe notices Bobby looking over at Louanne. She gives Bobby a
text: surreptitious little wave to come over and sit with her. He
text: gives her the "just a minute" sign.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You still seein' Louanne?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yeh. Now and then, when the tide
dialog: rises. Don't want her to think this
dialog: is some kind've exclusive deal.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Coach finds out you're nailin' his
dialog: daughter, you'll be playin' dorm
dialog: ball.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I'll bail before that. Besides, this
dialog: is what he gets for not startin' me.
text: Bobby laughs and heads over to Louanne's table, as Joe pours
dialog: himself another beer.
text: Alvin enters the bar, goes to Joe's table, plops a copy of
text: Sports Illustrated down in front of Joe.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Hey, man, you seen this?
text: On the cover is a picture of Joe and ONE OTHER QUARTERBACK,
scene_heading: TIM WAYMEN. The coverline reads, HEISMAN HOPEFULS: THE YEAR
text: OF THE QUARTERBACK.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: (ribbing Joe)
dialog: You must be some very bad-ass
dialog: motherfucker.
text: Joe stares at the cover. He's more stunned than elated.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Jesus...
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: What? You didn't know?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I knew there was gonna be an article.
dialog: I didn't know it was gonna be on the
dialog: cover.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Shit, we do all the work. You get
dialog: all the pub. Too bad we're not allowed
dialog: to hit you in practice. Be fun to
dialog: kick the shit out of a Heisman Trophy
dialog: Candidate.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I guess you'll have to wait till we
dialog: get to the pros.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: (to Darnell)
dialog: Beer boy, get me some.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Are you serious?
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Does it look like I'm serious?
text: Joe drains his beer, pours another. Lattimer starts to read
dialog: form the article.
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: Listen to this. "E.S.U. has a solid
dialog: nucleus returning, but the
text: Timberwolves, coming off two
dialog: disappointing seasons, will only go
text: as far as the strong right arm of
text: Heisman Candidate Joe Kane will take
dialog: them." That right, Joe? You gonna
dialog: lead us to the promised land?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I'm gonna lead... but can you follow?
text: Muted chuckles, but set faces. The challenge accepted. Joe
text: chugs his beer, pours another.
scene_heading: EXT. TWO LANE HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: The crowd from the 911 (Bud, Alvin, Lattimer, Darnell, Bobby
text: and Louanne) follow Joe down the hill behind the bar toward
text: a busy two-lane highway. Joe, a little drunker than the
text: others, starts HOWLING at the moon like a Timber Wolf. The
text: others join in.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What are we doin', Joe?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (slightly slurred)
dialog: There's something I wanta try. Gotta
dialog: wake up our Mojo. Start settin' the
dialog: tone for the season.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: This is not a good time to be settin'
dialog: anything. You're in no shape...
text: Suddenly Joe makes a dash out onto the highway.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Joe, c'mon Joe, don't be an asshole.
dialog: Joe! God-damnit, why's he always
dialog: doin' shit like this? Coach'll fuckin'
dialog: kill me. Alvin, go get him, will ya?
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Hell no, you go get his ass. Crazy
dialog: motherfucker.
text: Joe stands on the white line, cars and trucks whizzing by,
text: then lies down on his back, arms at his side.
scene_heading: JOE'S POINT OF VIEW
text: Cars and trucks blast toward us, roar on by, right on top of
text: us, honking, spraying grime, shaking the asphalt.
text: Bud and the others on the side of the road are increasingly
text: worried now.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Fuck this shit.
text: Pissed off, Bud sprints out to the white line. The draft-
text: wake of a passing truck almost blows him over.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: C'mon, Joe, that's enough. Let's get
dialog: the hell outa here. What if somebody
dialog: drifts or crosses the line to pass?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What's the matter, Bud? Can't you
dialog: follow?
text: Bud hesitates a second, scared, but stung by this dare.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (torn)
dialog: God-damnit, god-damnit. Shit.
text: Bud can't fight it. He lies down on the line, his head
text: touching Joe's feet. Joe begins to HOWL again. Bud joins in.
text: Alvin and the others can't believe it.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Startin' to look like a loaf of Wonder
dialog: bread out there.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: They're makin' us look like pussies,
dialog: ya know. Standin' here suckin' our
dialog: thumbs.
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: (to Alvin)
dialog: Yeh, and there's nobody from the
dialog: Defense out there.
text: Bobby and Lattimer look at each other a beat. Time to ante
text: up. Both turn to Alvin.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: What are you lookin' at? You think
dialog: you're bad?
text: Alvin snorts in disgust and starts out onto the blacktop.
text: Bobby and Lattimer smile, go to follow. Louanne grabs Bobby,
text: holds him back.
speaker_heading: LOUANNE
dialog: (vaguely sexual)
dialog: Bobby, be careful, o.k? Please, be
dialog: careful.
text: Bobby smiles, grabs her ass, pulls her to him, gives her a
text: long, passionate kiss, then sprints out to the white line,
text: leaving her breathless.
text: Alvin, Bobby and Lattimer lie down in front of Bud. Now
text: there's a line of five, a human highway median. Everybody
text: scared shitless, howling their lungs out.
text: Louanne and Darnell watch from the side of the road.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: This guy do this kinda shit a lot?
dialog: They never mentioned this in
dialog: recruiting.
text: Finally, Joe laughing wildly, jumps up and they all scramble
text: back to safety. Out of breath, but pumped up, they exchange
text: exhilarated high fives. Alvin just shakes his head.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINATION ROOM - MORNING
text: Twenty freshman football players, including Darnell, are
text: scattered at tables around the room, writing furiously in
text: test booklets, as a PROCTOR paces the room. Darnell starts
text: to write an answer, stops, stumped. Worried, he looks at the
text: clock, goes on to the next page.
scene_heading: EXT. E.S.U. CAMPUS - MORNING
text: Darnell and Joe walk across campus. Darnell carries a
text: gleaming, chromed TROPHY with a football player on top. He's
text: still thinking about the test.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: I don't know... I left a lot of 'em
text: blank.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Don't worry, you'll do all right.
dialog: Lotta people don't finish.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: (not convinced)
dialog: Yeh.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What are you doin' with the trophy?
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Coach Winters asked me to bring it
dialog: to the meeting. I don't know what
dialog: for.
text: Suddenly Darnell sees Autumn walking across the Quad.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: I'll see ya at the meeting.
dialog: (handing him the trophy)
dialog: Take this for me, will ya?
text: Joe starts to protest, but Darnell is already off, racing
text: across the Quad, quickly catching up with Autumn.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Hey, Autumn, hold up! What're you
dialog: doing here? I thought students didn't
dialog: come back for two weeks.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: (rather coolly)
dialog: I came back early to see a friend.
speaker_heading: DARNEL
dialog: You're looking fresh, Autumn. A
dialog: package of pulchritudiness. What
dialog: about getting together later tonight?
dialog: Maybe get a pizza? They got pizza in
dialog: this town don't they?
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: I can't tonight.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: How about tomorrow night?
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: I don't think it's a real good idea
dialog: for us to see each other, Darnell.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: What's the matter? I'm not good enough
dialog: for you all of a sudden? Too young,
dialog: is that it? I'm not, ya know. They
dialog: held me back a year.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: No, it's not that... I've got a
dialog: boyfriend.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Did you have this boyfriend when you
dialog: showed me around?
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: (reluctant to admit
dialog: it)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Yeah, well, it didn't seem to bother
dialog: you then. I'm willing to overlook it
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: I was mad at him.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: I caught him with another girl. A
dialog: white girl.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: And you're still with this nigger?
text: She nods, slightly embarrassed.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Look, I got to get going, Darnell.
dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to lead you
dialog: on. I'm glad you came here.
text: She starts walking away.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Wait a minute. I can at least walk
dialog: with you, can't I? Nothin' wrong
dialog: with that.
text: She speeds up. He speeds up.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: I'm in a hurry.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: I can keep up. I run the forty in
dialog: four-four.
text: She's just about to say something when RAY GRIFFEN arrives.
text: Ray's the starting tailback, black, handsome, clean-cut,
text: well-spoken, middle class.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Hey, Autumn --
dialog: This is exactly what Autumn didn't want to happen. Ray and
text: Darnell eye each other like a couple of roosters.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Hi, Ray. This is...
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: (cutting in, offering
dialog: his hand)
dialog: Darnell Jefferson.
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: Tailback.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (shaking Darnell's
dialog: hand)
dialog: Ray Griffen.
dialog: (just as pointedly)
text: Starting tailback.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: I know. That's why they recruited
dialog: me.
text: Autumn can't believe he said this. She starts to interject
text: something to break the tension, but never gets the chance.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: The two guys they recruited before
dialog: you are handing out Gatorade now.
dialog: (making the jerkoff
dialog: motion)
dialog: Better start strengthening your wrist.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: We'll see.
dialog: (departing, to Ray)
dialog: Give my best to Miss Lilly.
text: Autumn's mortification is complete.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: What the hell is that supposed to
dialog: mean?
scene_heading: EXT. E.S.U. CAMPUS - DAY
text: Establish the new, modern KELLER CENTER, home of the E.S.U.
dialog: Athletic Department.
scene_heading: INT. KELLER CENTER - DAY
text: The football meeting room. A quarter amphitheatre. The
text: Freshman, including Darnell, down in front. Nervous, talking
text: very little, eyes playing over the pictures of former E.S.U.
text: greats arranged on the Wall of Honor.
text: Behind them, the Upperclassmen, bantering, conversation
text: punctuated with laughter.
text: A door opens. The Assistant Coaches file in. The room hushes
text: immediately. Coach Winters walks in. The Upperclassmen break
text: into applause; the Freshmen quickly take their cue and join
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Good to see you again, gentlemen.
dialog: (catching sight of
dialog: Darnell)
dialog: Jefferson, either take off the earring
dialog: or put on a dress.
text: The upperclassmen hoot, as Darnell, embarrassed, takes off
text: his earring.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: I wanna talk a little about what
dialog: we're trying to do here. There are
dialog: many highly respected people who
dialog: feel football is about preparation
dialog: for life.
text: The players nod reverentially at this established axiom of
text: the football cannon.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: These people are full of shit. You
dialog: see, football is not like life.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It's better. More exciting, more
dialog: intense, more fun. In life, people
dialog: are always wondering how they measure
dialog: up; whether they're getting ahead or
dialog: fallin' behind. In football, you
dialog: know. Every week you get a chance to
dialog: show what you're made of, a chance
dialog: to demonstrate the physical and
dialog: personal qualities that all those
dialog: poor bastards who can't play this
text: game are left to agonize about.
text: Spreading smiles all around. It's good to be a football
dialog: player.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Last year we didn't make enough of
dialog: those chances. Last year everyone
dialog: felt we let the school down. Fuck
dialog: the school. We let ourselves down.
dialog: (pointing to the Wall
dialog: of Honor)
dialog: We let down a great tradition, a 120-
dialog: year-old Line of Champions.
text: The smiles are gone. Lots of set faces now. Shame. anger,
dialog: retribution.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Any football program worth the name
dialog: is a special brotherhood, an elite
text: corps of warriors, a select group of
dialog: knights. That first time our starting
text: unit takes the field, the first time
dialog: we huddle up; that's our inner circle,
dialog: that's our Round Table. If I were an
dialog: upperclassman, I'd be real nervous
dialog: about my seat, cause we got some
dialog: very talented new-comers this year.
dialog: Guys who want a place at the Table.
dialog: (producing Darnell's
text: trophy from behind
dialog: the podium)
dialog: This is the trophy one of our
dialog: freshman, Darnell Jefferson, won as
dialog: a Pennsylvania State High School
dialog: First Team All-American. You know
dialog: what this says to me?
text: The freshmen are hanging on every word.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Not a god-damn thing.
text: He smashes the trophy on the podium, breaking it in half,
text: shattering the base. Darnell and the other freshmen are agog.
text: The upperclassmen stifle laughs, particularly Ray Griffen.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: (to the freshmen)
dialog: Everybody here was a high school All-
dialog: American.
dialog: (to all the players)
dialog: Whatever any of you have done before
dialog: is out the window. We're startin'
text: over. Ground zero. The Table is empty.
dialog: Are you ready?
text: The upperclassmen nod, steely, purposeful. We go to the
dialog: freshmen. They're not so sure.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. E.S.U. PRACTICE FIELD - DAY
text: Passing drills. Joe Kane takes a snap, fades to pass, throws
text: an out. The ball sails two feet over the receiver's head.
text: Joe's angry with himself.
speaker_heading: COACH CLAYTON
dialog: (to Winters)
dialog: He's too pumped up. Tryin' to win
dialog: the damn Heisman on every throw. I'm
dialog: not sure he's ready for all this
dialog: hype.
speaker_heading: COACH HUMES
dialog: Little late to be worryin' about
dialog: that. If we don't follow up the Sports
dialog: Illustrated cover with something,
dialog: it'll look like we didn't believe in
dialog: our own player.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Don't worry, Joe's a tough kid. He'll
dialog: be allright.
scene_heading: EXT. PRACTICE FIELD - DAY
text: Scrimmage. Joe hands off to Darnell. He sweeps right, cuts
text: it up, blows past the end. In a spectacular display of broken
text: field running, Darnell breaks to the sideline, cuts back,
text: eluding the corner back, and stiffarms the safety. Alvin,
text: pursuing the play, finally tackles him from behind, stripping
text: the ball at the same time. There's a wild scramble for the
text: fumble. Darnell is crushed under the pile, as the defense
text: recovers it, ruining an otherwise brilliant run.
text: The players unpile to reveal Darnell, writhing on the ground,
text: the wind knocked out of him. Ray Griffen runs by to take his
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: GRIFFEN
dialog: Hey, nice writhing, Jefferson. You
dialog: got all the moves.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: (shouting to the team)
dialog: Allright, move it up. Let's go, 15
text: yards, run the next play.
text: The scrimmage moves up 15 yards leaving Darnell behind.
text: Winters sprints over to Lattimer, grabs him by the face mask.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
text: Cut the necktie tackle horseshit.
dialog: You think you're in some kinda
dialog: highlight reel? He left you huggin'
dialog: air. Target his guts. Drive right
dialog: through his abdomen. I wanta see
text: snot bubbles in his nose. I wanta
text: see shit in his underwear.
text: Lattimer nods chastised. Winters moves over to check on
dialog: Darnell.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: You injured, Jefferson, or just hurt?
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: If you're hurt, you can still play.
dialog: If you're injured you can't. Are you
dialog: hurt or are you injured?
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: I think I'm just hurt.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: O.k., then get up.
text: Winters extends a hand. Darnell grabs it, struggles shakily
text: to his feet
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Nice run. Think what it coulda done
dialog: for us if we still had the ball.
dialog: (handing him the ball)
dialog: This is a football. I want you to
dialog: carry it with you wherever you go.
dialog: Never let it out of your sight.
dialog: (to the rest of the
dialog: team)
dialog: Any of you see him on campus, take a
text: swipe at the ball. Try to knock it
text: out of his hands. Recover it.
dialog: (to Darnell again)
dialog: If anybody, but you, returns this
dialog: ball to me, you'll wish you'de never
dialog: been born.
text: Winters wheels off leaving a wobbly Darnell alone with his
dialog: football.
speaker_heading: WINTERS (V.O.)
dialog: This isn't gonna get it, goddamnit.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE, LOCKER ROOM - DAY
text: Winters, mad as hell, is berating his assistant coaches who
text: are sitting, cowed in his office.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
text: I see tackling, but I don't see
dialog: hitting. I see effort, but I don't
dialog: see ferocity. What do you think,
dialog: they're gonna motivate themselves?
dialog: Football's just a game to most of
dialog: these kids. This is our program, our
dialog: livelihood. It's our job to make
dialog: them care as much about it as we do.
dialog: Make them hate me if you have to.
dialog: It'll bring them together, give them
dialog: a focus. So get off your butts and
dialog: put the fear of God in these guys.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - LATER AFTERNOON
text: Dead tired players toweling off, dressing. The trainer's
text: room is crowded with aching, cramped-up, contused players.
text: Across the way, Lattimer lifts weights, alone in the weight
text: room. Clayton and Humes consider this from outside Winters'
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Shit, Lattimer's an animal all of a
dialog: sudden. Benchin' 450. He's gotta be
dialog: on somethin'.
speaker_heading: HUMES
dialog: What, steroids? Why do you always
dialog: think my guys are juicin'?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I don't know... he's on the punt
dialog: team for three years, then gains 35
dialog: pounds of rip in one summer and an
dialog: attitude to go with it.
text: Winters, who's heard all this, comes by.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: We're not doctors, gentlemen. The
dialog: NCAA has testing programs for this.
dialog: Let's let them worry about it.
dialog: (to Clayton)
dialog: Besides, it's not that hard to put
dialog: on 35 pounds in a summer, if you
dialog: really hit the gym.
text: Winters walks on into his office. Clayton nods, realizing
dialog: this subject is now closed.
scene_heading: INT. DARNELL'S ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Darnell walks in, wrung out from the day's practice, stumbles
text: to the bed where he sees something that stops him - lying
text: there is his PENNSYLVANIA STATE ALL AMERICAN TROPHY. Coach
text: Winters actually smashed a replica. A smile appears on
text: Darnell's tired face.
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING TABLE DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: For football players only. Bud Lite moves through the
text: cafeteria line.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What you got tonight?
speaker_heading: CAFETERIA WORKER
dialog: Choice of three entrees. Shrimp,
dialog: lasagna, T-bone steak.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Tough choice. I'll take all three.
speaker_heading: CAFETERIA WORKER
dialog: What a surprise.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DARNELL
text: at another table with Alvin and several other black players.
text: Lattimer is the only white.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: When do they give ya the scores on
dialog: that Placement Test?
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: Who cares? I flunked it three times,
dialog: before I got in.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Long as you're in the program, they'll
dialog: get you through. Maybe not with a
dialog: degree, but they'll keep you eligible.
dialog: Just don't do nothin' embarrassing
dialog: they can't cover you for.
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: Hell, they even give Alvin copies of
dialog: his tests in advance. He sells 'em
dialog: for a hundred bucks a pop to people
dialog: in his class. 'Course he's gotta
dialog: have somebody read 'em to him.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Fuck you, doughboy. I can read. See
dialog: that shoe?
dialog: (points to his shoes)
dialog: That says Nike.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: I still don't wanna flunk that test.
dialog: I wanta get a degree.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: What do you think, nigger? You're
dialog: gonna be on the Supreme Court? All
dialog: you need to know is how to sign an
dialog: N.F.L. contract.
text: Darnell's stung by this. He'd like to think of himself as
dialog: capable of more.
text: Suddenly, Coach Winters appears at the door, a surprise
text: visitor to the training table. All the players wearing
text: baseball caps, quickly doff them. Winters is angry.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: What's the matter with you guys?
dialog: You're supposed to be a team. Winning
dialog: depends on thinking and acting and
dialog: going to war together. But you don't
dialog: even eat like a team. You eat like
text: two teams. A white one and a black
dialog: one. What do I have to do? Make out
dialog: a seating chart? Now get up. Move
dialog: around. Mix it up. Now!
text: The players all look at each other, then reluctantly get up
text: and change tables. Darnell sits next to Joe.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: (mock introduction)
dialog: Hi there. Darnell Jefferson. I'm a
text: young black man.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Hey, glad to meet ya. Joe Kane,
dialog: Caucasian. So what doya think a that
dialog: new Garth Brooks album?
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: I love that motherfucker.
text: Coach Winters surveys the scene, sees that all the tables
dialog: are integrated now.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: That's more like it.
text: He turns and walks on out. Immediately, the players begin to
text: drift back to their old tables.
scene_heading: INT. WEIGHT ROOM - NIGHT
text: Joe, Bud Lite and Bobby Collins, all suffering from various
text: aches and pains are getting Naperson and analgesic balm out
text: of the non-prescription drug cabinet. Joe pops a Nap and
text: looks across to the weight room where a stunning co-ed CAMILLE
text: SCHAEFFER works a knee lift. Camille's the perfect marriage
text: of Southern patrician beauty and athletic confirmation. Joe
text: leaves the others, heads over, pokes his head in.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: How ya' doin'?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Little late to be workin' out, isn't
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: (with a little edge)
dialog: Only time I could get in here when
dialog: the football team wasn't usin' it.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (trying to get a rise
dialog: out of her)
dialog: Well, if it wasn't for the football
dialog: team, might not be a weight room to
dialog: use. You tryin' to firm up a little,
dialog: or what?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: (unfazed)
dialog: Don't need to firm up. I'm
dialog: strengthening my knee. Had
dialog: arthroscopic surgery.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Had my knee scoped once too. When
dialog: you're finished here, maybe we could
dialog: get a yogurt, compare scars.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Sorry, I don't date football players.
dialog: They're all full of themselves. I
dialog: saw you on the cover of Sports
dialog: Illustrated, so you're probably worse
dialog: than most.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: That's real open minded of you. So
dialog: you won't consider doin' anything
dialog: with me?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well at least tell me what happened
dialog: to your knee. What'd you do? Fall
dialog: outa your convertible?
text: Camille stops her knee lift, turns to Joe. We think she's
text: going to fire on him. Wrong.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: You know, there's maybe one thing
dialog: I'd do with you.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Tennis. I'll play tennis with you.
text: Camille starts to walk away.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Tennis. You mean now? It's raining.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: CAMILLE - TENNIS COURTS - NIGHT
text: smashing a two-fisted forehand right at us, grunting with
text: the exertion. Joe scrambles to get it back, but Camille's a
text: world-class player. She attacks with a vengeance, blasting
text: every shot ala Jimmy Connors, as Bud Lite and Bobby Collins
text: watch, amazed.
text: We begin a SERIES OF CUTS detailing Camille's relentless
text: dismantling of Joe: Camille drilling a backhand down the
text: line, Joe barely getting it back to the net. Camille hitting
text: a powerhouse service ace, Joe lunging and whiffing the return.
text: Camille crushing another forehand. Joe crushes it back, sends
text: it over the fence and into the parking lot. Camille serving
text: again at match point. Joe pops up a weak return. Camille
text: puts it away with a powerhouse overhead, the ball almost
text: knocking Joe down. He flings his racket against the fence.
text: Camille comes to the net to shake hands, but Joe hangs back.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Thanks for the game, Heisman. You
dialog: took it really well.
text: And she walks away along to the net. Joe goes after her,
dialog: pissed.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What's this Heisman crap?
text: Camille's taken aback, not realizing she'd struck a nerve.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I didn't say anything about being a
dialog: Heisman candidate. I don't go around
dialog: strokin' myself about it. So what's
dialog: this shit you're givin' me?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: I... I'm sorry... I just figured you
dialog: were probably kissin' yourself in
dialog: the mirror every morning.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You figured wrong.
text: Now Joe walks away and Camille goes after him.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: So what do you want, an apology? I
dialog: just gave you one.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I want a rematch.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: A rematch?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Some other sport. I took my beating.
dialog: You owe me one. Either that or we go
dialog: out.
text: Camille considers, tries to figure out what she'd dislike
dialog: least, knowing it'd be cheap to choose neither.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: I'll think about it.
text: Camille walks off, disappearing through the gate. Joe walks
text: off in the other direction. Bud Lite and Bobby follow.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Real good date, Joe. Remind me to
dialog: take her out.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. E.S.U. CAMPUS - MORNING
text: Opening day of school. We take CUTS of students arriving,
text: football players checking out the new girls from atop the
text: wall of the athletic dorm, Louanne and Autumn greeting
text: returning sisters at the sorority, students registering for
dialog: classes etc.
scene_heading: INT. ACADEMIC ADVISOR'S OFFICE - MORNING
text: Darnell sits across from WILLIAM SMITH, Academic Advisor.
speaker_heading: ADVISOR SMITH
dialog: Darnell, I've reviewed your placement
dialog: test and I'm afraid you failed to
dialog: meet our entrance requirements in
dialog: two areas.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: What does that mean? I can't play
dialog: football?
speaker_heading: ADVISOR SMITH
dialog: No. It means you're going to have to
dialog: take some remedial classes, what we
dialog: call "zero level" courses.
dialog: Specifically Math 0 and English 0.
text: Darnell is clearly deflated by this painful indication of
dialog: his academic standing.
speaker_heading: ADVISOR SMITH
dialog: You won't get college credit for
dialog: them, but they will help you prepare
dialog: to take the Placement Test again at
dialog: the end of the quarter. If you pass
dialog: at that time you'll be able to
dialog: officially enter the university and
dialog: take college level courses. You'll
dialog: still be able to take an American
dialog: History survey course, but it won't
dialog: count on your record until you pass
dialog: the Placement Test. But first things
dialog: first. To start, I'm approving a
dialog: tutor for you.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: A tutor? I don't need no tutor.
speaker_heading: ADVISOR SMITH
dialog: Any tutor. And yes you do.
scene_heading: INT. ATHLETIC DEPARTMENT CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
dialog: A meeting of the football brain trust; Coach Winters, Athletic
text: Director, GALEN HOWARD, a publicist, SHARON BRAVER, and the
scene_heading: Sports Information Director (S.I.D.) LARRY NICHOLS. Also
text: present is Joe Kane, somewhat discomfited at being the center
dialog: of all this attention.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I think both Joe and the university
dialog: are best served by a straightforward
dialog: Heisman campaign. Nothing too
dialog: gimmicky.
speaker_heading: BRAVER
dialog: We've compiled a mailing list of
dialog: around 1300 opinion makers;
dialog: newspapers, football writers, and
dialog: sports anchors. First we send them a
text: packet on Joe and his achievements.
dialog: Bio, stats, plus human interest stuff;
dialog: commitment to academics, charity
dialog: work, etc. Then we update it each
text: week with a postcard. Heisman voters
dialog: hate opening envelopes.
text: Joe is increasingly uneasy with all this.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I haven't really done any charity
dialog: work...
speaker_heading: BRAVER
dialog: You're gonna start. We've got some
text: things lined up.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: Unfortunately, because we weren't in
dialog: the top 20 last year, we only have
dialog: one network T.V. game to give Joe
dialog: national exposure. Although it's a
dialog: good one; Michigan. But we'll also
dialog: be taping all our other games and
dialog: buying satellite time. That way we
dialog: can produce our own highlight package
dialog: and interview pieces and send them
text: out to T.V. stations all over the
dialog: country for their sportscasts.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Any questions, Joe?
text: If Joe was uneasy before, he's overwhelmed now. He tries not
dialog: to show it. After all, who could turn down a Heisman campaign?
text: Still it's a megaton of pressure.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Ah, no... I just... you really think
dialog: I got a shot to win this?
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Hell, yes. Plus it's a good thing
dialog: for the program. Publicizes the
dialog: school, gives a boost to recruiting,
dialog: and it's a great thing for you. Jumps
dialog: up your draft position, the size of
dialog: your first contract, everything.
dialog: It's a hell of an opportunity.
speaker_heading: NICHOLS
dialog: All you gotta do is back it up on
dialog: the field, and we have no doubts
dialog: about that, cause we know "Kane is
dialog: Able."
text: Nichols holds up a black CAMPAIGN BUTTON with the phrase
text: "Kane is Able" enblazoned on it in gold letters. This gets a
text: rise out of everyone except Joe, who's still not sure about
dialog: all this.
scene_heading: INT. JOE KANE'S BEDROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: Joe lies on his bed, staring up at the ceiling, unable to
dialog: get to sleep.
scene_heading: INT. CAMILLE'S BEDROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: The phone rings. Camille, who's been asleep, rolls over and
dialog: answers it.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Hello...
speaker_heading: ON JOE
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: This is Joe Kane. What did you decide?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: (still drowsy)
dialog: What?
dialog: (looking at the clock)
text: It's 3:00 in the morning.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I wanta know what you decided.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: I don't know... I couldn't think of
dialog: any other sports I could beat you
dialog: at.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Then I'll pick you up tonight at
text: 6:00.
text: He hangs up.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: What?
scene_heading: INT. CAMPUS LIBRARY - DAY
text: Autumn sits at a tutorial table, looking at her notes. She
text: becomes aware of someone approaching. She looks up to see
dialog: Darnell.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Hey, Autumn.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Hi, Darnell. What are you doin here?
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: My advisor says I need a tutor. Ya
dialog: know, just to get me over a couple
text: rough spots.
dialog: (showing her a paper)
dialog: I saw your name on this list. I
dialog: figured if you couldn't keep my
dialog: attention, nobody could.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: I'm sorry, Darnell, but I've already
dialog: been assigned. You're gonna have to
dialog: find somebody else. I'm tutoring
dialog: Scott Sherman.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Not anymore. I asked Coach Winters
dialog: to switch us.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Coach Winters wouldn't do that.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Yeh he would. I'm a bigger prospect
dialog: than Sherman.
dialog: (pointing across the
dialog: way)
text: He's a lineman on the scout team.
text: Autumn looks back to where Darnell is pointing. Sure enough,
text: SCOTT SHERMAN is hard at work with another Tutor. Autumn
text: can't believe it. She tries to compose herself.
text: Darnell sits down across the table from her.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: C'mon Autumn, you could teach me
dialog: some real erudition.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: (trying to whisper,
dialog: pissed)
dialog: Will you stop using those big words.
dialog: It sounds ridiculous.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: (serious about this)
dialog: What doya mean? I'm improvin' myself.
dialog: I learn a new word out of the
dialog: dictionary every day. Mendacious,
text: pejorative, antithetical,
dialog: commensurate...
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: And you don't ever use them right.
dialog: Pretending to be smart is not the
dialog: same as being educated. Or erudite.
dialog: It's just a con. And it makes you
dialog: sound stupid, no matter how big a
dialog: prospect you are.
text: Darnell is genuinely hurt by this dose of reality. His
text: customary bravado melts away.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: O.K... even more reason for you to
dialog: be my tutor. You already taught me
dialog: something.
text: Autumn, disarmed by his sudden humility, has no real rebuttal.
text: She would have had to tutor him anyway, but now she's having
dialog: trouble being angry about it.
speaker_heading: ALVIN MACK
text: At another table, looking distracted and bored as his TUTOR
text: reads his history assignment to him. Alvin takes out a walkman
text: and puts the headphones on. WE HEAR A HORN BEEP.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMILLE'S DORM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Camille comes out the front door, summoned by the horn. She
text: stops at the sight of something. We REVERSE TO REVEAL Joe on
dialog: his Harley.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: We goin' on that?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Yeh. I thought we might take a ride.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: I promised my dad I'd never get on
dialog: one of those.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What are you, one of these trust-
dialog: fund princesses? It's fine for me to
dialog: play a game I don't know, but I ask
dialog: you to try somethin' different and
dialog: you hide behind your daddy.
text: He holds out a motorcycle helmet toward her, daring her. She
text: burns, but her competitiveness makes it impossible for her
dialog: to decline this challenge.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: (snatching the helmet)
dialog: All right. But we go slow. No cowboy
dialog: stuff.
text: Joe smiles and kicks the starter. Camille climbs on and they
text: roar off.
scene_heading: EXT. TWO LANE HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: Just outside town. Joe and Camille come down the highway at
dialog: moderate speed. Camille's hanging on for dear life, but we
text: can tell she's enjoying it.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: This speed, o.k.?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Yeh, fine.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Good.
text: Joe immediately accelerates, throwing Camille's head back.
text: Her SHRIEK is lost in the whine of the engine, as they speed
text: away from camera.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Slow down, damnit. Joe... Joe!
text: They approach a high-banked turn, beyond which appears to be
text: a long, sheer dropoff. Joe looks back at Camille, smiles
text: devilishly, not looking where he's going. Camille sees they're
text: heading straight for the edge.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: (freaked)
dialog: Joe, look out!!!
text: Too late. Joe brakes, fishtails, but goes over the top of
text: the bank, off the edge, flying out into oblivion, Camille
text: screaming.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ANGLE ON HARLEY
text: As it plops down onto a wide LEDGE not visible from the road,
text: three feet below the top of the bank. Joe lands it, skids to
text: a professional stop, breaks into raucous laughter. Camille
text: jumps off the bike, scared stiff and livid with anger.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: How could you do that, you stupid
dialog: punk? It isn't funny, god-dammit,
dialog: you coulda killed us! You're crazy,
dialog: you know that...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Take it easy. I've done that a hundred
dialog: times. No big deal.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Oh, yeh? Then why are you shaking?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: I don't know... I guess cause I've
dialog: never done it with someone else on
dialog: the bike.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: You just wanted to scare me. Are you
dialog: happy now?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Yeh, pretty much. And the scream was
dialog: even better than I thought it'd be.
dialog: Every dog within hearing distance
dialog: wants to mate with you now.
text: Camille's ready to throttle him, then something catches her
text: ear. Sure enough, there are SEVERAL DOGS BARKING in the
text: distance. Joe smiles at her. She looks away, still angry,
text: but amused in spite of herself.
scene_heading: INT. ROADSIDE BAR - NIGHT
text: Working class, sawdust floor, George Thoroughgood's "Who Do
text: You Love" on the jukebox. Camille and Joe are sitting in a
text: booth. Joe putting away the beers.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: You come here a lot?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Now and then. Why?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: It's not exactly a campus favorite.
dialog: This is almost like hidin' out.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I like places where nobody knows me.
dialog: This too low-rent for you?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: No, my dad owned a place like this.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Your dad? You mean he owned a chain
dialog: of these?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Not everybody with a Southern accent
dialog: has their own plantation. My dad
dialog: could never afford to send me here.
dialog: I learned to play tennis on public
dialog: courts. Mighta been able to play pro
dialog: someday, if I hadn't hurt my knee.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: So you're just a scholarship jock
dialog: like me.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Yeh. You disappointed?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: No, I've just never been out with a
dialog: jock before.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Is that what we're doin' here? Goin'
dialog: out?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I don't know. What doya think?
text: Joe gets up, takes Camille's hand and pulls her to her feet.
text: They dance to a slow song.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: I think you're crazy for jeopardizing
dialog: your scholarship and a pro future by
text: jumping motorcycles off of highways.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Just tryin' to keep my edge, Camille.
dialog: The other guys look to me cause they
dialog: think I'll do anything. I lose that,
dialog: I'm just another guy, and we all get
dialog: our ass kicked.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: I don't know, Joe. You scare me.
scene_heading: INT. ATHLETIC DORM GARAGE - NIGHT
text: Joe roars in on his motorcycle. Parks. Starts inside. Finds
text: himself face to face with a very unhappy Coach Winters.
text: Winters holds out his hand.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: The keys.
text: Joe hesitates a second, then reluctantly hands over his
text: motorcycle keys.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: I told you, as long as you're in
dialog: this program, you don't take
dialog: unnecessary risks off the field. A
dialog: man in contention for the Heisman
dialog: Trophy should be able to remember
dialog: that.
text: Joe nods, contrite. Winters just walks on off.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY HALL - CAMPUS LIBRARY - DAY
text: Autumn is tutoring Darnell, checking her lesson notes.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: O.K., using the things we worked on
dialog: yesterday, I want you to write a two
dialog: or three page essay on some aspect
dialog: of your life. Something other than
dialog: football.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Your father, maybe. You could write
dialog: about your dad.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Don't know that much about him. He
dialog: was off in Detroit workin' in a car
dialog: plant when I was born. Got laid off,
dialog: tried to rob a jewelry store to get
dialog: us some money. He died in prison.
dialog: Some kinda heart problem.
text: Autumn wasn't ready for this level of hardship. She tries to
text: press on gamely.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: How about your mother?
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: She was always workin'. Usually two
text: jobs. Comin' home one night she
dialog: stopped to get us some root beer.
text: Got caught in a gang crossfire. Shot
dialog: three times... died on the way to
dialog: the hospital. You want me to write
dialog: about that?
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: (blown away)
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Good, 'cause none of it's true.
text: Autumn jumps up.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: (raising her voice)
dialog: Jesus Christ, Darnell what a terrible
dialog: thing to do to somebody. That's not
dialog: funny. That's sick.
text: Autumn realizes she's in the library and sits back down.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Had ya goin', didn't I?
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: (soft library voice)
dialog: No you didn't. You just... How could
dialog: you make up somethin' like that?
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: (contrite now)
dialog: Sounded more interesting than the
dialog: truth. My mom took a vacation to
dialog: Chicago when I was 12. Never came
dialog: back. Don't know who my dad was.
text: Autumn's anger melts away in the face of this painful truth.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Who took care of you?
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: I started hangin' with the J.B.M.,
dialog: gang-bangin'... Did some time in the
dialog: Hall. Reverand Wallace saw me playin'
dialog: football on a juvenile probation
dialog: team. Took me in, got me into high
dialog: school. Only reason they accepted me
dialog: was 'cause I could play football.
dialog: Sorta like here. Football saved my
dialog: life. I'd be nowhere without football.
text: Autumn just nods, still trying to take this all in.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Well, then... maybe you could write
dialog: about football this once.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Yeh, o.k... thanks.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I've seen a lotta shitty things in
dialog: my life, Autumn. That's why I know
dialog: when I see somethin' good.
text: Autumn knows this is no line. He means it. She's seeing him
text: with new eyes. Moved by his pain, engaged by his sincerity,
text: and more than a little taken by his regard for her.
speaker_heading: ON ALVIN
text: across the room with his tutor.
speaker_heading: TUTOR
dialog: Let's review the chapter I read you
dialog: yesterday. Which two city states
dialog: fought in the Punic Wars?
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: I dunno. Detroit and Buffalo.
speaker_heading: TUTOR
dialog: C'mon, Alvin. You're gonna be tested
dialog: on this.
scene_heading: INT. FOOTBALL MEETING - AFTERNOON
text: A video projector projects various football formations on
text: the wall.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Okay, Alvin, this is Mississippi
dialog: State's offensive set. 2nd and 2 on
dialog: our 24. What defense are you in?
speaker_heading: ALVIN
text: Eagle. Zipper. Hero. Unless the set
text: back shifts into the I.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Good.
dialog: (slide changes)
dialog: How about here? 3rd and 7.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Okie. Thunder. Lion.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: What's your assignment?
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Kill the Quarterback.
dialog: (slide changes)
text: Hit the tight end so hard his
text: girlfriend dies.
dialog: (slide changes)
dialog: Kill everybody.
scene_heading: MUSIC UP - MONTAGE SEQUENCE BEGINS
scene_heading: EXT. JOE'S ROOM - EVENING
text: Joe watches Bud Lite, Darnell, Alvin and Lattimer file in
text: and unveil a life-size CARDBOARD STAND-UP of Joe's Sports
text: Illustrated cover pose. They whoop it up, as Joe tries to
dialog: muster some enthusiasm.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY HALL - NIGHT
text: Autumn's pointing out a figure on a graph in Darnell's math
text: book. As she explains, Darnell leans close to kiss her. Autumn
text: quickly leans away, glances around to see if anyone saw
text: Darnell's attempt. Darnell laughs.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN HISTORY CLASSROOM - DAY
text: A group of football players sits in the back of the class.
text: As the HISTORY PROFESSOR lectures at the board, Darnell
text: furiously takes notes. Scott Sherman, seizing the opportunity,
text: leans forward from the desk behind him and pokes the football
text: out of Darnell's left hand. Darnell, Scott and two other
text: FRESHMAN FOOTBALL PLAYERS spring out of their seats,
text: scrambling after the loose ball. The prof and the other
text: students watch appalled as Darnell and the others dive under
text: chairs and overturn desks in pursuit of the elusive ball.
text: Finally, Darnell, winded and disheveled, comes up with it.
text: He and the others quickly return to their seats. The prof
text: looks at Darnell aghast.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Sorry... I lost my football.
scene_heading: INT. RAQUETBALL COURT - DAY
text: Joe and Camille are locked up in a furious game of raquetball.
text: Joe makes a wicked kill shot on the last point, and pumps a
text: fist in triumph. Camille, pissed at losing, throws her racket
text: and stomps around.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS - DAY
text: Darnell and Autumn are having a daytime tutoring session on
text: a secluded patch of lawn. Darnell holds his football. As he
text: begins to read aloud from East of Eden, Autumn pokes the
text: ball out of his hand. They both scramble for it, Darnell
text: winding up slightly on top of her. They eye each other a
text: beat. Darnell bends down to kiss her. She lets herself kiss
text: him for a second, then gets up and starts to collect her
dialog: books.
scene_heading: INT. ATHLETIC CENTER - DAY
text: Several of the players are gathered around a bulletin board
text: in the hall. The starting lineup for the first game has been
text: posted. Darnell traces his finger from the designation
text: TAILBACK over to the name RAY GRIFFEN. He drops his eyes,
text: obviously disappointed.
text: Lattimer, meanwhile, is checking the defensive board. He
text: finds his name posted as a starting defensive end. Punching
text: the air, he dashes out of the building.
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: Yes!! Starting defense. Place at the
dialog: table. Whooo!! Yes!!
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Lattimer, in his euphoria, races out into the lot, and begins
text: head-butting car windows. He breaks out three in a row, and
text: yells in triumph, his forehead dripping blood.
text: Winters, walking with the TEAM TRAINER, has seen this from
text: across the street. He knows there's something dark at work
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: N.C.A.A. is gonna test half the team
dialog: before the game Saturday. Make sure
dialog: Lattimer knows about it.
scene_heading: MUSIC AND MONTAGE END
scene_heading: INT. FOOTBALL MEETING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The chairs are arranged in several circles, ten players to a
text: circle, like a bunch of formalized huddles. Coach Winters
text: addresses the assembly.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: As the veteran players know, we have
dialog: Pride Night every year before our
dialog: opening game. It's a chance to get
dialog: to know each other better, share
dialog: some thoughts, and bring us closer
dialog: together as a team. So to start off,
dialog: I'd like each player to tell the
dialog: others in his group what he likes
dialog: best about football and then what
dialog: he's most proud of off the field.
dialog: I've asked some of the seniors to
dialog: lead it off. Gentlemen.
text: ANGLE ON LATTIMER IN HIS CIRCLE
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: I don't know... It's the battle. The
dialog: goin' to war with the other guys.
dialog: Hangin' together.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPUS BALLROOM - GAME DAY
text: The team walks through several plays. They wear coats and
text: ties, but no socks. Their ankles are taped.
speaker_heading: LATTIMER (V.O.)
dialog: Bein' different from everybody else.
dialog: Havin' our own dorm, stayin' in hotels
dialog: the night before games. Settin'
dialog: ourselves apart.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - GAME DAY
text: Before the game. An NCAA OFFICIAL gives Lattimer a little
text: test tube to urinate in for his drug test. Lattimer goes
text: into one of the restroom stalls, reaches around to the back
text: of the tank, where a VIAL OF CLEAN URINE is taped. He pours
text: it in the test vial.
speaker_heading: LATTIMER (V.O.)
dialog: Havin' a chance to be somebody. To
dialog: do somethin' that people look up to
dialog: you for. Your strength and your
dialog: courage. Not everybody can play
dialog: football. We're the lucky ones.
scene_heading: INT. FOOTBALL MEETING ROOM - THE NIGHT BEFORE AGAIN
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: The thing I'm most proud of myself
dialog: for?
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - GAME DAY
text: Darnell listening to a Walkman, is going through a pregame
text: ritual by his locker; pivoting from leg to leg, switching
text: the ball from arm to arm.
speaker_heading: DARNELL (V.O.)
dialog: Just that I'm here. That I'm not
dialog: dead or in jail.
scene_heading: INT. FOOTBALL MEETING ROOM - THE NIGHT BEFORE AGAIN
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: The great thing about football is
dialog: you can lose yourself in it.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - GAME DAY
text: Joe sits off in a corner by himself, his head back against
text: the wall, staring out into space, the only movement the
text: rhythmic tapping of his feet.
speaker_heading: JOE (V.O.)
dialog: There's no time to think, to worry,
text: to have doubts. Everything else fades
dialog: away. You just move and react.
scene_heading: INT. FOOTBALL MEETING ROOM - THE NIGHT BEFORE
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: The best thing is when you dominate.
dialog: That feeling when you hit a guy real
dialog: good, really stick him, and you hear
dialog: that little moan.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - GAME DAY
text: Alvin, his ass-kicking game face on, walks over to where
text: Lattimer is finishing decorating his face with Indian war
text: paint. They chuck each other's pads, then Lattimer opens his
text: mouth. Alvin spits into it. Then Lattimer spits into Alvin's.
dialog: Darnell can't believe this shit.
speaker_heading: ALVIN (V.O.)
dialog: You know it's killin' him, but you
dialog: feel great. It's just him and you,
dialog: and he's the one that's hurtin'.
text: We move in on the burning ferocity of Alvin's eyes and
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STADIUM TUNNEL - GAME DAY
text: The Players are bunched together in the tunnel, slapping
text: pads, yelling encouragement. Winters waves them forward.
text: They start to run down the tunnel.
scene_heading: PLAYERS P.O.V.
text: CAMERA runs with the players as the light at the end of the
text: tunnel becomes larger and brighter. Crowd NOISE becomes louder
text: until finally the camera emerges into the stadium and the
text: light and 95,000 VOICES ROAR. AND ROAR! AND ROAR! This is
dialog: Big Time College Football.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO BROADCAST BOOTH
text: E.S.U. announcer BRAD HARVEY and colorman, HARMON SLOAN are
dialog: holding forth.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Welcome everybody to the Wolf Den
text: where the E.S.U. Timberwolves, led
dialog: by Heisman candidate Joe Kane, open
dialog: their season against the tough
dialog: Mississippi State Bulldogs under
text: head coach Jackie Sherrill.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FIELD - DAY
text: The crowd stands, waving banners, as the E.S.U. kicker comes
text: forward and kicks the ball high into the fall sky. The
text: MISSISSIPPI STATE RETURN MAN fields the ball at the four
text: yard line and returns it to the 22 where he's buried. The
text: defense trots out and huddles up.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: All right, let's get evil. 60 minutes,
dialog: balls out. Let's open a can of kick-
dialog: ass. Kill 'em all. Let the paramedics
dialog: sort 'em out.
text: The Mississippi State offense breaks it's huddle, comes to
text: the line of scrimmage. Alvin, prowling behind the line, locks
text: eyes with the tailback, No.23.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Hey, 23, don't think I don't recognize
dialog: you, you little fuck.
text: The tailback looks away.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Hey, pay attention when I'm talkin'
dialog: to you, nigger. You're the guy that
dialog: shot my mother aren't you?
speaker_heading: TAILBACK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: You were tryin' to steal her fuckin'
dialog: car weren't you, cocksucker.
speaker_heading: TAILBACK
dialog: Shut up. I never heard of your mother.
text: On the sidelines, Darnell is watching this exchange.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: (to Joe)
dialog: What's Alvin saying to that guy?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Just gettin' himself pumped up.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: He wasn't pumped up already?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ALVIN AGAIN
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: (to tailback)
dialog: Thought I'd never find you didn't
dialog: ya? But I got you now nigger, and
dialog: I'm gonna kill you motherfucker. I'm
dialog: gonna bust your guts open and watch
dialog: you die.
text: The ball is snapped. The quarterback pitches to the tailback
text: as Alvin charges into the hole, screaming at the top of his
text: lungs. The tailback, eyes wide with fear, cuts back, away
text: from Alvin, where he's promptly crunched by Lattimer. The
text: ball flies loose, there's a scramble, Alvin comes up with
dialog: it. E.S.U. ball.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: The bench and stands erupt as Lattimer and Alvin but heads
text: and trot off the field.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
text: Atta baby, Alvin, heads up. Big pop,
dialog: Steve, way to stick 'em.
dialog: (turning to Joe)
dialog: O.K. Joe, let's go up top. Take it
dialog: to 'em right away.
text: Joe leads the offense on. A disappointed Darnell stands on
text: the sidelines.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (in huddle)
dialog: O.K. let's put the women and children
dialog: to bed, and go lookin' for dinner.
dialog: Don't let em up. 51 Strike, Orange
dialog: left. On 4.
text: Joe begins to howl like a wolf. The others join in. A pack
text: of Timberwolves. They break the huddle, come to the line of
text: scrimmage. Bud Lite begins to sing.
speaker_heading: BUD LITE
dialog: Bali Hi, will call you, anytime, any
dialog: day. Here am I, your special island...
text: Bud lines up opposite a big, black DEFENSIVE TACKLE.
speaker_heading: BLACK TACKLE
dialog: Shut up, snowflake. You think you're
dialog: in the school play?
speaker_heading: BUD LITE
dialog: No, Bali Hi, the endzone is calling.
dialog: And the highway runs right over your
dialog: ass.
speaker_heading: BLACK TACKLE
dialog: Bullshit, you're gonna be my bitch,
dialog: baby. You gonna be my punk bitch.
speaker_heading: BUD LITE
dialog: (singing again)
dialog: So long, farewell, auf Wiedersehen,
dialog: good night, I hate to go and leave
dialog: this pretty sight.
text: Joe hits the 4 count, and the ball is snapped. Bud Lite and
text: the Big Tackle fire out. Bud drives a forearm into the stomach
text: of the Black Tackle, doubling him over. The Black Tackle
text: comes back, slamming a forearm up under Bud's chin, snapping
text: his neck back.
text: Joe, meanwhile, fades to pass, pump fakes, steps up. Bud
text: Lite, chicken fighting the Black Tackle, sticks his fingers
text: in the Tackle's eyes, then cut-blocks him to the ground. The
text: Tackle falls on Bud, and smashes a fist into his ribs. Bud
text: rolls him over.
text: Joe spots his flanker back, MAURICE WARD, on a flag pattern.
text: Lofts a perfect spiral to him in the corner of the endzone.
dialog: Touchdown.
text: The crowd goes wild, as Bud Lite pushes off the Black Tackle's
text: throat getting up from the pile. Joe pumps a fist in the
text: air, hugs Ward, as the team celebrates. MUSIC BEGINS.
scene_heading: FADE THROUGH TO:
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SCOREBOARD
text: It reads E.S.U. 28, Mississippi State 20. 4th Quarter.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Jefferson! In for Griffen.
text: Darnell jazzed at his first chance to see action, buttons
text: his chinstrap, races onto the field.
speaker_heading: HARVEY (V.O.)
text: 2:05 left. Kane hands to Jefferson...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DARNELL
text: He takes a handoff, runs a trap up the middle, is hit by
text: THREE TACKLERS, clawing at the ball. They bring him down,
text: but Darnell doesn't fumble. He gets up, still clutching the
text: ball, and starts back to the huddle with it. The REFEREE
text: hustles after him.
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: Excuse me, son, but we're gonna need
dialog: that football for another couple
dialog: minutes.
text: Darnell, suddenly realizing, gives it up. Even Winters has
dialog: to laugh. We go to:
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LATTIMER
text: Lattimer, sacking the quarterback, tackling him high, ripping
text: his helmet off. Lattimer runs off the field, holding it up
text: like a trophy.
text: The gun sounds, the game is over.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON COACH WINTERS
text: Accepting congratulations from his staff.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Guess we'll be on the payroll for
dialog: another week.
text: ANGLE ON BUD LITE AND THE BLACK TACKLE
text: walking off the field together, both their jerseys blood-
dialog: stained.
speaker_heading: BUD LITE
dialog: Good game, man. Really enjoyed it.
speaker_heading: BLACK TACKLE
dialog: Yeh, you're a strong motherfucker.
dialog: Shitty singer though.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE HOTEL SUITE - AFTERNOON
text: A reception of some sort for the players is in progress.
text: Darnell, looking a little lost, fills his cup from a punch
text: bowl. A FAT CAT ALUMNUS approaches him.
speaker_heading: ALUMNUS
dialog: Good to see ya in there, Darnell.
dialog: Way to hold on to that pigskin.
text: As he walks by, he slips an ENVELOPE into Darnell's coat
text: pocket. Darnell opens it to find a 50 dollar bill. Surprised,
text: he goes over to Alvin.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Hey, some guy just gave me a 50 dollar
dialog: bill.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Don't worry, you'll get 5 or 6 hundred
dialog: once you're startin', depending on
dialog: how you play.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: But we're not supposed to get any
dialog: are we?
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Hey, man, you can't live on $500 a
dialog: month scholarship money. And the NC
dialog: double assholes won't let us have
dialog: jobs, so you take your money where
dialog: you can get it.
dialog: (taking Darnell's
dialog: envelope)
dialog: I'll keep it for you, till you see
dialog: the light. Shit, they oughta be payin'
dialog: us anyway. Athletic Department gets
dialog: 3 million just for goin' to a bowl
dialog: game.
scene_heading: INT. JOE'S ROOM - EVENING
text: Joe sits alone on his bed watching T.V. He's being interviewed
text: in the locker room, a bouquet of microphones in his face.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: This performance today -- two
dialog: touchdown passes, another you ran
dialog: in. Where do you think this puts you
dialog: in the Heisman race?
text: Joe hates this question. We go to the screen.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: I really have no idea. That's up to
dialog: you guys.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SCREEN
text: The image changes to ESPN anchor CHRIS BERMAN in the studio.
speaker_heading: BERMAN
dialog: Now let's turn to our Heisman watch.
dialog: (does the pose while
dialog: remaining seated)
dialog: We begin with Sports Illustrated
dialog: cover boy Joe Kane of E.S.U. who led
dialog: his team to an impressive victory
dialog: this afternoon. Well, if Joe continues
dialog: to raise Kane, he may well be Able
text: to dust off a large space on his
dialog: trophy shelf. Although the real test
dialog: will come in four weeks against
dialog: Michigan and their Heisman hopeful,
dialog: Tim Waymen.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS - EVENING
text: Joe walks across campus, headed for Camille's dorm.
speaker_heading: BERMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Michigan also won big today. Timothy,
dialog: "He Could Go All The Way Men", will
dialog: be looking to do so against the
dialog: Timberwolves. And of course the able
dialog: Kane will be looking to also. I can't
dialog: wait.
scene_heading: INT. CAMILLE'S DORM - NIGHT
text: Joe comes down the hall, knocks on Camille's door. No answer.
text: Knocks again. Nothing. Disappointed, he turns and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. FRATERNITY HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The post-game victory party is in full swing. All the players,
text: their girls and various groupies, dancing, drinking,
text: celebrating. Bud Lite and Joe stand drinking beer, watching
dialog: the action.
speaker_heading: BUD LITE
dialog: I don't know, I never seem to make
dialog: out at things like this.
text: Bobby, who's overheard this, walks by with Louanne.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You don't make out anywhere. Or did
dialog: you finally break the snatch barrier
dialog: this summer?
speaker_heading: BUD LITE
dialog: Fuck you, Bobby.
dialog: (realizing Louanne's
dialog: there)
dialog: Excuse me, Louanne.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DARNELL
text: sitting across the room with Alvin but his attention is on
text: Autumn and Ray out on the dance floor. Alvin notices.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Forget it, nigger. No chance for you
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Griffin's goin' to medical school.
dialog: She likes that light-skinned
dialog: respectable shit. You're just her
text: ghetto toy.
text: Darnell challenged by this, gets up and goes over to where
text: Ray and Autumn are standing. A slow tune plays.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: (to Autumn)
dialog: Can I have this one?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I don't think so.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: What are you so worried about? You
dialog: haven't lost your starting job yet.
text: Autumn realizes this could quickly get out of hand.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: (turning to Ray)
dialog: Just one.
text: Ray reluctantly backs off. Darnell and Autumn start to dance.
text: Several players who've picked up on the tension, watch them
text: as they move around the floor. They try to pretend they're
dialog: just having a nice little chat.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Take it easy, Darnell. This isn't a
dialog: good time to push things. You're
text: putting me in an awkward position.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Yeh, well, I got a little
text: encouragement along the way.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: That kiss... it was just... a kiss.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Bullshit. You meant it. I wouldn't
dialog: be standing here now, everybody
dialog: thinkin' I'm a stupid asshole, if I
dialog: didn't know you meant it. I wanna
dialog: see you, Autumn. Not in study hall.
dialog: Not like your student. Like somebody
dialog: to be taken seriously.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: I do take you seriously, Darnell,
dialog: but I'm still with Ray. I can't just
dialog: go paradin' around town.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: I don't need to go paradin'. We'll
dialog: go someplace different. Someplace
dialog: nobody'll see us.
text: She looks at him a long beat. She doesn't need this
text: complication, this conflict, but she can't say no.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: God, why am I even considering this?
text: The song ends. Ray moves in to reclaim her.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (to Darnell)
dialog: All caught up on your arithmetic?
text: Darnell, pissed, gives Ray a shove.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Yeh, you only gained 37 yards on 12
dialog: carries.
text: Ray lunges back at him, but quickly several players, led by
text: Joe and Bud Lite, step between them. Darnell shrugs them off
text: and leaves the party.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (to Bud Lite)
dialog: Just what we need, a little team
dialog: unity.
text: Ray takes Autumn's arm, pulls her out onto the patio.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'm gettin' a little sick of this
dialog: asshole, Autumn. I don't like you
dialog: hangin' out with him. It's
dialog: embarrassing.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: I don't hang out with him. I tutor
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Then have him get another tutor.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: I can't do that. I made a commitment
text: to help him pass his qualifying exam.
dialog: I can't bail out on him now.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What the hell difference does it
dialog: makes? They'll grease him through no
dialog: matter what he does. Nobody's ever
dialog: gonna see his graduation. Don't tell
dialog: me you're falling for this guy. He's
text: just another gang-banger with speed.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: I just said I wanted to help him.
dialog: What are you more afraid of, losing
dialog: your girl or your position?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Maybe you oughta think about what
dialog: you're in danger of losing.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Maybe I will.
text: Autumn rips free of his grip, and walks out of the party
dialog: too.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS - NIGHT
text: Darnell sits alone on a bench under an old Willow, just
text: staring out at the night. He hears a voice behind him.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: So where you wanna go?
text: He turns. It's Autumn.
scene_heading: INT. FRATERNITY HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The party's still in full gear. Ray is now chatting up a few
text: of the groupies. Joe and Bud Lite sit off in a corner. Joe's
text: knocked back several beers. He's a little tipsy, and lost in
dialog: thought.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Maybe she's out with some guy.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Who? Camille? I don't think she's
dialog: the type to screw around on ya. Shoot
dialog: ya, maybe...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: It wouldn't be screwing around. It's
dialog: not like we're going together.
text: Joe's gaze falls on a sultry brunette, SHERI, at a table
text: across the way. She's eyeing Joe big time. She wants him. He
text: stares back at her. She doesn't blink.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS LIBRARY - NIGHT
text: Camille, carrying an armload of books, comes down the library
text: steps, having been studying late. As she heads for her dorm,
text: she sees Joe and Sheri going across the Quad; Sheri draped
text: around Joe, nuzzling him.
text: Joe looks over, spots Camille, stops; surprised, embarrassed
text: to see her. They exchange a look. Camille, upset, turns and
text: wheels off. Joe wants to say something to her, but can't get
dialog: it out.
scene_heading: ON DARNELL AND AUTUMN
text: We don't know where yet, but they seem to be slipping and
text: sliding, clutching on to each other.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: You're right, nobody would ever see
dialog: us here.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL
scene_heading: INT. ICE SKATING RINK - NIGHT
text: Near closing time. Darnell and Autumn lurch and stumble around
text: the ice, collapsing against the boards now and then. There
dialog: are few other skaters at this hour.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Yes, I figure the key is to go places
dialog: only white people go. Next time we'll
dialog: go bowling.
text: Autumn laughs, as the house lights start to blink, indicating
text: it's closing time.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Plus I saw this in Rocky. I never
dialog: believed a guy who was supposed to
dialog: be an athlete would skate that bad,
dialog: but now I know.
text: They make their way to an opening in the boards, stumble
text: over to a bench, begin to unlace.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Thanks, that was fun, sort of.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: You were pretty good for the first
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Well, it's not really my first time.
dialog: My dad took me skating once.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: He used to play ball for E.S.U.,
dialog: didn't he?
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Yeah, how'd you know that?
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: I saw his picture on the Wall of
dialog: Fame. You got his eyes. Luckily, you
dialog: didn't get his thighs.
text: She laughs, looks at him a beat, starts to come forward to
text: kiss him. He puts a finger to her lips.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Make sure you mean it this time.
text: She hesitates a beat, then comes forward again. They fall
text: into a deep kiss. We PULL BACK to LONGSHOT. Two people alone
text: in the expanse of the ice rink. The lights flicker and go
dialog: out.
scene_heading: INT. WEIGHT ROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: Camille, unable to sleep, enters in her workout clothes.
text: Languid, melancholy, she goes to the treadmill, as Joe comes
text: out of the steam room with nothing but a towel around his
text: waist. Both are surprised to see the other.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What are you doin' here?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Couldn't sleep.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I was just sweatin' out some of the
dialog: beer.
text: Camille just nods. Long, silent pause.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I didn't go home with her. I thought
dialog: about it... but I didn't.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: You drink too much.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Yeh.
text: He turns, starts toward the door.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Why didn't you?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Why didn't I what?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Go home with her?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I don't know... I guess I figured
dialog: maybe there was somethin' goin' on
dialog: between you and me.
text: Camille hesitates, not sure whether to believe him, then
text: gets off the bike and walks toward him.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Then why'd you pick her up in the
dialog: first place?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I was drunk... I needed some company.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Company? Yeh, I can see you havin' a
dialog: real far-ranging discussion with
dialog: Sheri.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I mean, ya know, physical company...
dialog: I was... I just needed to pounce on
dialog: somebody I guess.
text: Camille, really steamed now, snatches the towel from around
text: Joe's waist, leaving him naked.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Why can't you pounce on me? Aren't I
dialog: good enough to pounce on?
text: Camille snaps the towel at him, driving him back. Joe's
text: totally thrown by this reaction in her.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, you're more conservative...
dialog: classier... you're not that kinda
dialog: girl...
text: She snaps the towel again, backing him against the training
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: (insulted)
dialog: How do you know? You've never slept
dialog: with me.
text: She pounds on his chest, pushing him back on the table.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: What makes you think she's such a
dialog: great ride?
text: (climbing up on top
dialog: of him)
dialog: I'm prettier, my legs are longer...
dialog: (pulling down her
dialog: leotard)
dialog: I've got better tits.
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Why would you go to her, when you
dialog: have me?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I didn't know I had you.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: (softer, leaning close)
dialog: Well you do.
text: He looks at her a beat, then pulls her mouth down to his.
text: They fall into a long, white-hot kiss.
scene_heading: INT. THE TRAINING ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Joe and Camille are making love passionately, energetically.
text: Camille, still worked up, rolls up on top.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: (between kisses)
dialog: You shoulda looked for me at the
dialog: library, or don't you ever go there?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (rolling back on top)
dialog: I go there. I got a 3.2 in Political
dialog: Science. I just don't go there on
dialog: Saturday nights.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
text: (rolling back on top
dialog: again)
dialog: I have a paper due Monday. What'de
dialog: she do? Sit on your lap or just give
dialog: you the nail-me stare?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Shut up, Camille.
text: Joe rolls back on top, the momentum carrying both of them
text: off the table and out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. HUGE LECTURE HALL - MORNING
text: Some 100 students are taking a history test in blue books. A
text: T.A., checking attendance, walks up to Louanne. She's uneasy
text: as the T.A. checks his chart.
dialog: T.A.
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: LOUANNE
dialog: Bobby Collins.
dialog: T.A.
dialog: Can I see your I.D.?
text: Louanne knows she's in deep trouble.
scene_heading: INT. COACH'S VIDEO ROOM - DAY
text: A high-tech room full of video machines and monitors used to
dialog: run simultaneous views of different positions during the
text: same play. A grim-looking group of assistant coaches
text: approaches Winters as he runs through and reprograms the
text: images on the screen.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Coach, we, ah... got a problem with
dialog: Bobby Collins.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Yeh...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: He talked... a friend... into taking
text: a test for him and got caught. They
dialog: had a new T.A. in there...
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: What's the penalty?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Well, the rules say automatic
dialog: expulsion for both of them.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Fortunately, we've got friends on
dialog: the Board of Regents. I think we can
dialog: beat this if we really go to bat for
dialog: him. We got Mack off when he turned
dialog: in that other guys term paper.
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: But what kinda idiot would do
dialog: something like that?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Well, I guess Bobby figured he was
dialog: gonna flunk...
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: I don't mean Bobby. I mean what kinda
dialog: guy would be dumb enough to take a
dialog: test for him?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Uh, well... it wasn't a guy.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: A girl? Typical Collins. He must
dialog: have banged her until she couldn't
dialog: think straight. Who was it?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (barely able to get
dialog: it out)
dialog: It was... Louanne.
text: Winters' face goes dead.
scene_heading: INT. COACH WINTERS' DEN - DAY
text: Winters, enraged, is venting his spleen at Louanne.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Jesus, Louanne, how could you be so
dialog: stupid?
speaker_heading: LOUANNE
dialog: I... he was behind, he needed help.
dialog: I'm sorry. I just...
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Sorry! You're sorry! You've destroyed
dialog: my credibility at the University, my
dialog: authority with the players... Christ,
dialog: it looks like I'm running a dirty
dialog: program. And Collins of all people!
dialog: What the hell's the matter with you,
dialog: Louanne?
speaker_heading: LOUANNE
dialog: (crying)
dialog: I don't know... I thought he... loved
dialog: me...
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Loved you? He loves anything that
text: winks back, the little rat bastard.
dialog: And what are you gonna do for school
dialog: now? I use my influence to get you
dialog: back in, it'll stink to high hell.
dialog: The press'll crucify me.
speaker_heading: LOUANNE
dialog: I'll get in someplace.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: God, Louanne, I told you to stay
dialog: away from my players. That was my
dialog: cardinal rule, stay away from the
dialog: damn players...
speaker_heading: LOUANNE
dialog: They've always been good enough for
dialog: you. Good enough to devote your life
dialog: to. Why aren't they good enough for
dialog: me? Or are they too good?
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: You're changing the subject, Louanne.
dialog: We're talkin' about you breakin' the
dialog: rules.
speaker_heading: LOUANNE
dialog: Didn't you ever break the rules just
dialog: a little? Didn't you tell me once
dialog: that 90 per cent of the schools obey
dialog: the NCAA rules, and the other 10 per
dialog: cent go to bowl games? Was that just
dialog: a joke?
text: She gets up and walks out of the room. Winters closes his
text: eyes and slumps down on the couch.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY HALL - NIGHT
text: Darnell sits at his table waiting for Autumn. Autumn storms
text: in, obviously upset about something. She slaps a corrected
text: test down in front of him.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: You seen this? You got a D on your
dialog: math test.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Yeh, I kinda figured that. I had
dialog: some trouble on this last part...
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: We went over that last week, Darnell.
dialog: What is this time we spend in here?
dialog: Just a joke to you? I don't even
dialog: think you've been listening to me.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: I've been listening to you, baby...
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Don't call me baby. I thought you
dialog: wanted to learn. But if all you wanta
dialog: do is fake your way through, then
dialog: get another tutor to waste time with.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: C'mon, Autumn, we just had a good
dialog: time, and now you're gettin' all
dialog: nuts behind this. It's just one test.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: So far, it's the only test. I want
dialog: you to study this whole chapter. By
dialog: yourself, without me here. When I
dialog: come back, we'll discuss it. Be ready
dialog: to do problems based on it.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Whatever you say, Teach.
dialog: (big grin)
dialog: I don't wish to be cast in a
text: pejorative light, so I'm dedicating
dialog: myself to achieving on a level more
dialog: commensurate with my abilities.
text: She shakes her head and walks away. Darnell's grin fades. He
text: looks at his test, a hint of tears in his eyes. He's
text: embarrassed and deeply worried.
scene_heading: INT. FOOTBALL LOCKER ROOM - DAY
text: The players are dressing for Monday practice, but it's
text: strangely subdued. Bobby Collins opens his locker to find a
text: BULLET-RIDDLED PRACTICE JERSEY hanging inside. Immediately
text: the rest of the players burst into raucous laughter.
speaker_heading: BUD LITE
dialog: Coach'd probably shoot ya lower.
text: Suddenly the room goes silent. Standing in the doorway is
dialog: Coach Winters.
text: He says nothing, looks around the room, the players avoiding
text: his gaze. His eyes come to rest on Bobby. Bobby tries to
text: hide the shirt, but Winters has seen. Winters just stares at
text: Bobby a beat, then.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: You all played a fine game on
dialog: Saturday. Take the day off.
text: With that, he turns and walks out the door. The players remain
text: silent. Bobby throws the shirt in the trash.
scene_heading: INT. LOUANNE'S SORORITY HOUSE - DAY
text: Winters walks in the front door, past the desk, up the stairs
text: and down the hall to his daughter's room. She's packing her
text: things. He goes over to her, takes her in his arms and hugs
text: her tight. Neither speak. A tear rolls down Louanne's cheek.
text: Hits the floor.
scene_heading: EXT. HALL OF ATHLETIC BUILDING - DAY
text: A very nervous Bobby Collins comes down the hall and knocks
text: on Coach Winter's door.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: C'mon in, Collins.
scene_heading: INT. COACH WINTER'S OFFICE
text: Bobby enters and stands across from Winters' desk. Winters
text: doesn't invite him to sit.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Listen, Coach, I just want you to
dialog: know I'm really sorry about this
dialog: whole thing with Louanne. I was real
dialog: glad to hear she's gonna be goin' to
dialog: junior college here...
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: Shut up.
text: Bobby does. Instantly.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: I could easily take your case to the
dialog: Board of Regents. You've had no prior
dialog: infractions and I could argue that
dialog: you were under abnormal pressure.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: But I won't. You embarrassed me, you
dialog: embarrassed my family, you embarrassed
dialog: the program. As of now, you are no
dialog: longer a member of this university
dialog: or it's football team. Clean out
dialog: your locker.
text: Bobby just stands there a beat, in confusion and disbelief.
text: There is no wavering, no sympathy in Winters' eyes. Finally,
text: dazed and disoriented, Bobby turns and walks out.
scene_heading: EXT. E.S.U. CAMPUS LIBRARY - DAY
text: Joe is posed in front of the school library, one of it's
text: more photogenic buildings. T.V. sportscaster LYNN SWANN and
text: his video crew wait to interview him as a MAKEUP GIRL finishes
text: applying makeup to Joe's face. Publicist Sharon Braver watches
text: like a hawk.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: (to his cameraman)
dialog: We ready, Jerry? O.K., let's mark
dialog: it.
text: An assistant marks the take, and Swann turns to Joe.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Joe, this game is being billed as a
dialog: potential "Heisman Shootout". Did
dialog: you feel any added pressure this
dialog: week...
scene_heading: EXT. PRACTICE FIELD - DAY
text: A phalanx of photographers crowd around, snapping away as
text: Joe goes through passing drills.
speaker_heading: SWANN (V.O.)
dialog: ...knowing that you're going head to
dialog: head with Heisman rival, Tim Waymen?
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS LIBRARY - DAY, THE PRESENT AGAIN
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, ya know, you try to block it
dialog: out, but it's basically impossible...
dialog: Everybody seems to be talkin' about
dialog: it, all the newspapers, the
dialog: interviews...
scene_heading: INT. T.V. STUDIO - NIGHT
text: Joe is being interviewed by DALLAS PERRY on a local television
dialog: show.
speaker_heading: JOE (V.O.)
dialog: The hype on T.V., tryin' to get
dialog: somethin' goin...
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS LIBRARY - THE PRESENT AGAIN
text: Sharon Braver steps directly in front of the video camera,
text: waves off the take.
speaker_heading: BRAVER
dialog: Hold it! Hold it!
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: What?! What's the problem?
text: Braver takes Joe aside, talks to him confidentially.
speaker_heading: BRAVER
dialog: What you're saying is true, of course,
dialog: but I don't think it's the message
dialog: you want to send.
scene_heading: INT. PIZZA PARLOR - NIGHT
text: Joe and Camille are sharing a pizza, but not alone. A video
text: spotlight shines on them, as yet another crew rolls tape.
speaker_heading: BRAVER (V.O.)
dialog: It makes you seem a little nervous.
dialog: Like the pressure might be getting
dialog: to you.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS LIBRARY - THE PRESENT AGAIN
speaker_heading: BRAVER
dialog: This game is nationally televised,
dialog: so most Heisman voters will be
dialog: watching. I think a more casual
dialog: approach is better. Modest,
text: controlled, casual.
text: Joe nods and heads back in front of the camera.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: (to Braver, irritated)
dialog: We all set now?
dialog: (gets a nod)
dialog: Let's mark it.
dialog: (the take is marked)
dialog: Joe, this game is being billed as a
dialog: potential "Heisman Shootout."
scene_heading: EXT. E.S.U. QUAD - NIGHT
text: A huge bonfire burns, as a large segment of the student body
text: has gathered in front of the Timberwolf statue. The
text: cheerleaders, all wearing "KANE IS ABLE" buttons, whip the
text: crowd up, as Joe is introduced on the podium.
speaker_heading: SWANN (V.O.)
dialog: Did you feel any added pressure this
dialog: week, knowing that you're going head
text: to head with Heisman rival, Tim
dialog: Waymen?
text: The cheerleaders begin to chant, "Let's go, Joe." On "Joe",
text: they assume the Heisman trophy pose. Joe seems slightly
text: embarrassed by it all.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS LIBRARY - THE PRESENT AGAIN
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: No, I don't really think too much
dialog: about that kinda thing.
text: Swann shoots Braver a poisonous look.
scene_heading: EXT. EMBANKMENT - NIGHT
text: Joe and Camille sit on a bank looking down at the railroad
text: tracks below. Neither says anything. Joe seems strangely
text: preoccupied. Camille decides to break the silence.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Your parents comin' to the game
dialog: tomorrow?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: My mom's dead. My dad has never seen
dialog: me play.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Guess he's not that interested in
dialog: football.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: But you're one of the best players
dialog: in the country.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (snapping)
dialog: He's just not into it, o.k.?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: (chastised)
dialog: O.k.
dialog: (silence)
dialog: What's goin' on, Joe? You ask me out
dialog: here, like you wanta talk about
dialog: somethin', then you don't say
dialog: anything. You worried about tomorrow?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: No... I'm worried about the days
dialog: after that. I just. I don't know...
dialog: I feel like tomorrow's gonna be my
dialog: last game. I want to stay up, make
dialog: the time go slow.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Why would it be your last game? You
dialog: afraid of getting hurt?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: No, that'd be a relief. Then, at
dialog: least, I wouldn't be a failure.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Joe, why are you thinking like this?
dialog: Why would you be a failure? You're
dialog: having a great year, you're a Heisman
dialog: Trophy candidate, you got millions
dialog: of dollars waiting for you in the
dialog: pros.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (testy)
dialog: How do you know what's waiting for
dialog: me? You don't know me at all.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: I don't know you? How can you say
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Because you wouldn't be here now if
dialog: you did. You only know the guy that's
dialog: supposed to make millions in the
dialog: pros.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Is that what you think? That I'm
dialog: with you for the money?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Why else?
text: Infuriated, she slaps him across the face.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Fuck you, Joe.
dialog: (starting to cry)
dialog: I don't give a shit about your money.
dialog: I don't even give a shit about
dialog: football. And you know what? Maybe
dialog: you're right, maybe I don't know
dialog: you.
text: She turns and storms away up the hill, as we hear a TRAIN
text: WHISTLE. Joe watches her go, then starts down the hill toward
text: the tracks as the train comes into view.
text: Camille stops, turns back, sees Joe headed for the tracks,
text: starts to worry.
text: Joe reaches the grade and steps into the middle of the tracks
text: facing the oncoming train. Horrified, Camille runs down the
text: embankment toward him.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Joe! Joe! My god, Joe, what are you
dialog: doing? No! No!
text: As the train approaches, it's horn blaring, Joe lies face
text: down on the tracks, his hands gripping the railroad ties.
text: Camille arrives at the bottom of the hill in time to see the
text: train race over him. She falls to her knees screaming.
text: Under the train, we see Joe desperately hugging the ground,
text: head down, toes dug in, hands clutching the ties. It's like
text: a tornado under there, dirt debris flying everywhere, his
text: clothes flapping wildly.
text: The train passes. Camille looks up, afraid to breath as Joe
text: lies motionless on the tracks. Suddenly he stirs, pushes
text: himself up to his knees. She lets out a scream of joy, races
text: toward him, as he gets to his feet, stumbles off the grade.
text: She hugs him to her, tears streaming down her face, helps
text: him over to the embankment.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: God Joe, oh god, are you allright?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (drained)
dialog: Yeh, just got some dirt in my teeth.
dialog: Guess you've really seen the dark
dialog: side now, huh? You should've gotten
dialog: out while you had the chance. Before
dialog: it all goes to hell.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: I don't wanta get out, damnit. What's
dialog: wrong Joe? Why would it all go to
dialog: hell?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I'm a Kane, Camille. That's all it
dialog: takes. We're cut out to be drunks
dialog: and fuck-ups. We never live up to
dialog: expectations. It's in our blood. My
dialog: dad, brothers, uncles -- we all drink
dialog: and sooner or later we all fuck up.
dialog: My dad went the longest. Waited till
dialog: he was playin' triple A ball, before
dialog: he hit the wall. Sometimes I feel
text: like I'm just waiting for my turn.
dialog: The better I do, the closer it gets.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: You're not like them, you can beat
dialog: all that. You can stop drinking, you
dialog: can break the chain.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: If I gave up that, I wouldn't be
dialog: much of a football player. And if I
dialog: wasn't a football player, what would
dialog: I be?
text: The question hangs in the air.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: You'de still be Joe. And I'd still
dialog: love you.
text: He pulls her to him, kisses her hair, they slump against
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Just don't say I never warned you.
scene_heading: EXT. WOLF DEN STADIUM - DAY
text: STEVE ZABRISKIE and BO SCHEMBECKLER in the foreground, the
text: jammed to capacity stadium in the background. This shot is
text: going out on nationwide T.V., the college Game of the Week.
speaker_heading: ZABRISKIE
dialog: 4:29 to go and it's been a great
dialog: one. Two undefeated teams goin' after
text: each other. Michigan up by four, 24-
text: 20, but the lead has changed hands
dialog: three times, and you get the feeling
dialog: that whoever has the ball last is
dialog: gonna win it.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON FIELD
text: Joe brings the offense to the line of scrimmage. Yells
dialog: signals.
speaker_heading: SCHEMBECKLER (V.O.)
dialog: Well, it was billed as a Heisman
dialog: shootout, and it's been all of that.
text: Both Waymen and Kane moving their
text: teams up and down the field, having
dialog: big days.
text: Joe fades to pass, looks right, looks left, can't find a
text: receiver, decides to run for it. He sprints up the middle,
text: 15, 10; a SAFETY comes at him at the 5. We see
text: Joe's P.O.V. through HELMETCAM. He pushes the lunging safety
text: away, turns back just in time to be blasted by the OTHER
text: SAFETY he never saw. Joe is knocked down, over the goal line
text: and out cold. The crowd goes wild.
speaker_heading: ZABRISKIE (V.O.)
text: Kane back to pass, can't find anybody,
dialog: gonna run it himself, ten, five, hit
text: at the goal-line... Touchdown E.S.U.!!
dialog: Great run by Kane!
text: Joe lies motionless as his teamates run over to him.
speaker_heading: SCHEMBECKLER (V.O.)
text: He's still down. Looks like he's
dialog: hurt.
text: We go to Winters, worried on the sideline, as the celebration
text: around him begins to die down.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JOE
text: As he's carried off the field, his arms around two linemen's
text: shoulders, and lowered onto the bench. We go to a BLURRY
text: IMAGE of a man's face waving something. We REVERSE to REVEAL
text: a DOCTOR waving smelling salts under Joe's nose. Joe begins
text: to come around. The doctor holds up two fingers.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: How many fingers am I holding up?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Four.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FIELD - DAY
text: Michigan comes to the line of scrimmage. As Tim Waymen gets
text: under center, Alvin begins to yell at him.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Hey, powderpuff. You're the white
dialog: boy that ratted my brother out. Sent
text: him to jail, cocksucker. Ran off
dialog: with the fuckin' money. Left the
dialog: blood to do the time, huh?
text: Waymen begins to call signals.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Yeh, you're the little bastard.
dialog: Account of you, my bros' datin' his
dialog: cell mate. You hear me, powderpuff?
dialog: Gonna make you pay. You gonna be my
dialog: cellmate now. You gonna have 250
dialog: lbs. of pissed-off nigger up your
dialog: ass.
speaker_heading: ZABRISKIE (V.O.)
text: E.S.U. in an eight-man line looking
dialog: for the run on third and short.
text: The ball is snapped. Waymen fakes a handoff to his fullback,
text: hides the ball on his hip, fades to pass. On the sideline,
text: Coach Winters yells, "Pass! Pass!"
text: Alvin's not fooled by the run, he shakes his blocker and
text: takes dead aim on Waymen. Just as Waymen releases the ball,
text: Alvin blasts him, driving him into the turf.
speaker_heading: ZABRISKIE (V.O.)
text: Waymen fakes to Simms, Mack on the
dialog: blitz, Waymen is goin for it all!
text: Hit as he throws.
text: The ball, however, flies through the air, a perfect spiral.
text: The E.S.U. secondary has been fooled by the play fake and is
text: a step behind. The ball comes down in the hands of the
text: Michigan tight end, JERRY HUNT.
speaker_heading: ZABRISKIE (V.O.)
dialog: Hunt has got a step. He's got it!
dialog: Touchdown!
text: Winters slams his headphones to the ground.
speaker_heading: SCHEMBECKLER (V.O.)
text: Great clutch throw under pressure.
dialog: Can't do it much better than that.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JOE
text: The Doctor examines Joe, shines a light in his eyes, makes
dialog: him track his finger, etc.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: You're vision's back to normal.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: You think you can go?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Yeh, I'm fine. Just a little headache.
text: (getting up, shouting
dialog: to his teamates)
dialog: O.K. Offense, let's get it back.
text: Alvin, meanwhile, plops down on the bench in disgust.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Damn tough to scare that little white
dialog: boy. Either his momma dropped him on
text: his head, or the motherfucker is
dialog: deaf.
text: Coach Winters goes to Darnell.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Jefferson, in for Griffen.
text: Griffen slams his helmet to the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - DAY
text: Joe breaks the huddle as the E.S.U. offense comes to the
dialog: line.
speaker_heading: ZABRISKIE (V.O.)
text: Ball on the Michigan 47, 1:02 to go,
dialog: Kane brings 'em to the line of
dialog: scrimmage.
text: Joe fades to pass once again, lets the rush come, then flares
text: out a screen pass to Darnell. Darnell grabs it and takes
text: off, slipping tackles, cutting back, juking. Darnell finally
text: runs out of bounds at the twenty.
speaker_heading: ZABRISKIE (V.O.)
dialog: Great run by Jefferson, the highly-
dialog: touted Freshman, the longest of the
dialog: day for the Wolves. And this one is
dialog: turning out to be everything we
dialog: thought it would be.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DARNELL
text: coming back to the huddle, pumped up. Joe kneels in the
dialog: center.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: O.K., time to put the women and
dialog: children to bed, and go looking for
dialog: dinner.
text: He begins to howl, as do all the others. The Call of the
dialog: Wild.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: 82 Strike, Eagle, Crown, on 2.
text: They clap hands, come to the line. Joe looks over the defense,
text: bends under center and barks signals, The ball is snapped.
text: Action goes to SLOW MOTION.
text: Joe fakes to Darnell, fades to pass. The Michigan cornerback
text: comes on a blitz, locked on Joe. Joe starts to roll, but
text: knows the corner will catch him. On the run, he launches the
text: ball toward Darnell. Darnell opens his hands to receive it,
text: but at the last second, the Michigan SAFETY steps in front
text: and intercepts it.
speaker_heading: ZABRISKIE (V.O.)
dialog: Kane looking for Jefferson. It's...
dialog: Intercepted! Intercepted by Freeman!
dialog: And that should do it.
text: Joe sinks to his knees in frustration. The blitzing cornerback
text: does a quick pit-pat on Joe's helmet. Winters looks like
text: he's been punched.
text: As Michigan and Tim Waymen celebrate on the sideline, we go
dialog: to:
scene_heading: INT. BROADCAST BOOTH - AFTERNOON
text: Steve Zabriskie is doing the wrap-up, the emptying stadium
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: ZABRISKIE
dialog: Well, it was everything we expected
dialog: it to be. Fine performances on both
text: sides of the field.
scene_heading: INT. E.S.U. LOCKER ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Players undress and shower in relative silence. No joy here.
speaker_heading: ZABRISKIE (V.O.)
text: The edge in the much ballyhooed battle
dialog: of the quarterbacks would probably
dialog: have to go to Michigan's Tim Waymen
dialog: who threw for 2 touchdowns, and ran
dialog: for another. Joe Kane accounted for
text: three E.S.U. touchdowns, but had
dialog: that crucial interception in the
dialog: waning moments. And that proved to
dialog: be the difference.
text: The door of the locker room opens, and a flood of reporters
text: enter. Joe hides back in the showers, leaning his forehead
text: against the wall, the water coursing over him.
scene_heading: EXT. TUNNEL BENEATH STADIUM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Darnell comes out of the locker room, having showered and
text: dressed. He's surprised to see Autumn and her father talking
dialog: to Coach Humes.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Hey, Autumn.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Hi, Darnell.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Is this your dad?
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: How do you do, Mr. Haley. I'm Darnell
dialog: Jefferson.
speaker_heading: MR. HALEY
dialog: Jefferson? Nice run you made on that
dialog: screen pass. Another block and you
dialog: might have scored.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Thank you. We'll get 'em next year.
speaker_heading: MR. HALEY
dialog: How do you and Autumn know each other?
dialog: You a friend of Ray's?
text: Darnell is jolted by this question. It's obvious that Autumn
dialog: has never told her dad about him.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: (filling the void)
dialog: Ah, I tutor him...
speaker_heading: MR. HALEY
dialog: Oh really? In what?
dialog: Darnell would like to crawl under a rock.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Math and English.
speaker_heading: MR. HALEY
dialog: Ah.
text: There's a slight tone of condescension in Mr. Haley's voice.
text: He realizes Darnell hasn't passed his entrance exam. This is
text: not lost on Darnell.
speaker_heading: MR. HALEY
dialog: Well, stay on top of that, Darnell.
dialog: I'd have been in real trouble if I
dialog: hadn't gotten my degree. I played
dialog: ball once. Hurt my knee.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Yeh, I know...
speaker_heading: MR. HALEY
dialog: I used to put a copy of my report
text: card inside the webbing of my helmet
dialog: to remind me that college was more
dialog: important than football.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: (forcing enthusiasm)
dialog: Good idea. Well, I gotta get goin'.
dialog: Nice to meet you Mr. Haley.
speaker_heading: MR. HALEY
dialog: Nice to meet you, Darnell.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: See you around, Autumn.
text: Before Autumn can respond, Ray Griffen approaches from the
dialog: other direction.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Hey, Mr. Haley. Good to see you.
speaker_heading: MR. HALEY
dialog: Hey, Ray. You still havin' dinner
dialog: with us tonight?
text: Darnell embarrassed and humiliated, hears all this as he
text: walks away. Autumn wants to go explain, but can't in front
dialog: of her father.
scene_heading: INT. FRAT HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The post-game party. Not as raucous as after the opening
text: game victory. A few players are dancing, but most are sitting,
text: drinking, commiserating.
speaker_heading: BUD LITE
dialog: (to Alvin)
dialog: Anybody seen Joe?
speaker_heading: ALVIN
text: Not yet. Probably out with Camille.
dialog: Haven't seen Darnell either.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Lattimer's sitting on the bed with a coed named LESLIE.
text: They're kissing softly, light necking. Lattimer starts to
text: unbutton her blouse. She begins to demur.
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: I think we better get back downstairs.
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: No, Leslie, we're just getting to
dialog: know each other.
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: (starting to get up)
dialog: No, I think...
text: Lattimer grabs her arm roughly, pulls her back to the bed.
text: She's starting to get a little scared.
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: C'mon Leslie, you didn't come up
dialog: here to stop now.
text: He tries to kiss her again, she pushes him away, starts for
text: the door. Angered, that steroid pump in his eyes, he grabs
text: her again, throws her violently on the bed. She screams.
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: What were you doin'? Leadin' me on?
text: He gets on the bed, kneels above her. She starts to struggle.
text: He slaps her across the face, rips her blouse open. Freaked,
text: she begins to scream and kick. Enraged, Lattimer slaps her
text: around, picks her up, shakes her like a rag doll, slaps her
text: some more, throws her to the floor. Picks her up again, when
text: suddenly the door BURSTS OPEN and Bud Lite and Alvin race
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: (throwing Leslie on
dialog: the bed again)
dialog: Get outa here!
text: Bud Lite and Alvin charge Lattimer, try to wrestle him down,
text: but his hormone level is so high, he fights like a bull. Two
text: other players charge in and finally all four are able to
text: shackle Lattimer. He continues to struggle a bit, then gives
text: up, a panting, sweating, shaking hulk.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: This is it, man. No more 'roids.
dialog: This shit has gotta stop.
text: Lattimer breaks down and cries.
scene_heading: INT. JOE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Joe lies on his bed, a bottle of vodka next to his coca-cola.
text: He stares at the larger than life cardboard stand-up of
text: himself. He takes a drink, then gets up and grabs his jacket.
text: The phone rings. He looks at it a beat, then walks out of
dialog: the room.
scene_heading: INT. CAMILLE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Camille's on the phone, waiting, the one calling Joe. She
text: listens a few more rings, hangs up, concerned.
scene_heading: INT. WINTERS HIGH-TECH VIDEO ROOM - NIGHT
text: Winters sits at the main console replaying the game-ending
text: interception over and over. The phone rings.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Hello, yeh... What?!
scene_heading: INT. WINTERS ATHLETIC OFFICE - NIGHT
text: The rest of the locker room is dark except for the light on
text: in Winters' office. All the assistant coaches are there.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
text: It looks like this will blow over.
text: The girl's father is a big booster,
dialog: contributed a lotta money. So he
dialog: said they won't go to the press.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: He said that? The father?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Yeh, he's not exactly happy about
dialog: all this, but he doesn't wanta hurt
dialog: the program.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: We're still gonna have to suspend
dialog: Lattimer.
speaker_heading: HUMES
dialog: What for? There aren't any charges.
dialog: Nobody outside the program knows
dialog: about this.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: He's outa control, Lyle. We can't
dialog: ignore this anymore. I don't know
dialog: what pisses me off more -- that he's
dialog: juicin' or that he's doin' such a
dialog: shitty job of hidin' it.
speaker_heading: HUMES
dialog: He's never tested positive. If we
dialog: suspend him without proof, he could
dialog: sue us for jeopardizing his draft
dialog: status, his pro career.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Yeh, but we can't sit and wait till
dialog: he kills somebody. I hate to lose
dialog: him as much as you do, but we gotta
dialog: clean him up before he does somethin'
dialog: that lands the whole program on
dialog: probation. Plus, we have to take
text: some action or the girl's dad is
dialog: gonna start havin' second thoughts.
dialog: I don't care how many checks he's
dialog: written.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: So what do we do?
text: All eyes go to Winters.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Bring him down here.
scene_heading: INT. COACH WINTERS LOCKER ROOM OFFICE - 20 MINUTES LATER
text: Close on a contrite, but shaken Steve Lattimer.
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: Three games? Why so many?
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: You oughta be grateful I didn't
dialog: suspend you for the whole year.
text: Lattimer nods, he knows it's true.
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: What are you gonna give as the reason?
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: We'll say you've got a hamstring
dialog: pull.
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Thank you, Coach.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Don't thank me. During those three
dialog: weeks, you better kick the roids,
dialog: cause when you come back I'm gonna
dialog: personally test you before every
dialog: game. No N.C.A.A. shit either. I'm
dialog: gonna watch the piss go into the
dialog: bottle. You got that?
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: (barely audible, shamed)
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Start practicing your limp.
scene_heading: INT. LOCAL BAR - NIGHT
text: Not the 911 we saw earlier. Joe sits at a table in the back,
text: with Darnell, drinking tequila with a beer chaser. Both are
text: down in the dumps. At a nearby table there's a group of
text: TOWNIES and their GIRLFRIENDS.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Coupla real college heroes, huh?
dialog: Tearin' up the town.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: First time I ever lost a girl and a
dialog: game on the same day. Guess I never
dialog: really had the girl.
text: Joe looks up to see one of the townies' girls, DEBBIE, giving
text: him the once over and a little smile. Joe smiles back, not
text: really interested. Debbie's BOYFRIEND notices.
speaker_heading: BOYFRIEND
dialog: You know that guy?
speaker_heading: DEBBI
dialog: Not really...
speaker_heading: BOYFRIEND
dialog: Then why you smilin' at him?
speaker_heading: DEBBI
dialog: I don't know... he looks like that
dialog: E.S.U. quarterback guy. Joe, what's
dialog: his name?
speaker_heading: BOYFRIEND
dialog: So what? So you go and smile at him?
text: The boyfriend, drunk and looking for trouble, goes over to
text: Joe's table.
speaker_heading: BOYFRIEND
dialog: You been lookin' at my girlfriend?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (a little drunk himself)
dialog: I don't know. Which one is she?
speaker_heading: BOYFRIEND
dialog: Wise guy, huh? Mr. bigtime
text: quarterback. The one who choked his
dialog: ass off today. You got nothin' better
dialog: to do then look at my girlfriend?
text: Joe says nothing.
speaker_heading: BOYFRIEND
dialog: Hey, Heisman, I'm talkin' to you.
dialog: You too good to talk to me?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I'm not even interested in talkin'
dialog: to you.
speaker_heading: BOYFRIEND
dialog: You think you're a bad ass? You think
dialog: my girl's hot for you? Take your
dialog: pads off, you're just another pussy.
text: Joe gets up to go. The boyfriend grabs him, Joe pushes him
text: away. The guy charges Joe. The bar owner rushes to the phone
text: as a full scale brawl begins. Joe takes a blow, knocks the
text: boyfriend back into a table, knocking beer bottles to the
text: floor. The boyfriend falls on one, opening a deep gash in
text: his shoulder.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: (grabbing him)
dialog: C'mon we gotta get outa here.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: A speeding car goes by us, weaving, crossing the yellow line
text: on the curves.
scene_heading: INT. SPEEDING CAR - NIGHT
text: Joe's driving, Darnell's holding on. Suddenly we hear SIRENS.
text: Joe sees flashing lights in the rear-view mirror.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Oh shit...
scene_heading: INT. COACH WINTERS' HOUSE - LATE NIGHT
text: Winters is asleep. The phone rings. He picks it up.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: What is it now?... Oh Jesus...
scene_heading: INT. COACH WINTERS' STADIUM OFFICE - DAY
text: Joe sits across the desk from Winters, just the two of them.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: The guy went for me first. What was
dialog: I supposed to do?
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Doesn't make any difference. It made
dialog: the papers, all the wire services.
dialog: The guy had to go to the hospital.
dialog: Worst of all they got you on drunk
dialog: driving. You had a blood alcohol
dialog: level .50 above the legal limit. We
dialog: can't smooth that over, Joe. It'd
dialog: look like we were sprayin' Pledge on
dialog: bird shit. We had to agree to send
dialog: you to Rehab.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Rehab? I'll be a god-damn joke. You
dialog: can't do this to me.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: It was the only way we could get
dialog: them to drop the assault and D.W.I.
dialog: You go to trial on those, we lose
dialog: you for a year, and risk NCAA
dialog: investigation. C'mon, lotsa athletes
dialog: have been through Rehab.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Not in the middle of the season. Not
text: in the middle of a Heisman campaign.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: You'll only miss four games. You'll
dialog: be back in time for the last one,
dialog: Georgia Tech, and a Bowl if we get
dialog: there. Plus, you've still got your
dialog: senior year.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Yeh, but what will I come back as?
dialog: What kinda player?
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Don't worry, you'll still be the
dialog: Man. You'll still be the leader of
dialog: this team.
text: Joe doesn't believe it, but he manages a nod, as he gets up
dialog: to leave.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I'm sorry, Coach.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: These things happen.
text: Joe walks on out, Winters watches him go, then slams the
text: desk in anger. Drained, he sinks back in his chair.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Fuckin' kids.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS - DAY
text: Darnell's walking across campus toward class. Autumn sees
text: him, calls out to him.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Darnell, wait. C'mon Darnell, I wanta
dialog: talk to you.
text: Darnell doesn't slow up. Autumn has to run to catch up.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Where you been, I been callin' you?
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Been busy.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Darnell, I'm sorry about Saturday.
dialog: It was an awkward situation.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: It wasn't awkward. It was educational.
dialog: I realized how you see me. I'm good
dialog: enough to tutor, to go places with,
dialog: but not to tell your father about.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: That's not it. It's just that my
dialog: father expects me to be with somebody
dialog: like Ray. He wouldn't understand us.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: (stopping)
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: I don't know... he likes Ray cause...
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: He's a good student, he acts right...
dialog: he doesn't need football. He's class
dialog: and I'm not, right?
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: I didn't say that.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: You don't have to, Autumn. I'm
dialog: everything your dad used to be and
dialog: don't want you fallin' back into.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Darnell...
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: You were right before, Autumn. I
dialog: should have another tutor. Thanks
dialog: for everything you did for me.
text: Darnell walks away. Autumn can only watch him go.
scene_heading: INT. JOE'S ROOM - DAY
text: Joe finishes packing his bags. He sees a picture of Camille
text: on the dresser. Picks it up, looks at it a beat, drops it in
text: the trash. He carries his Heisman cardboard standup into the
text: shower, pulls out a match and lights it. He watches it catch
text: fire, then grabs his suitcase and walks out of the room. We
text: hold on the burning standup, as flames lick at Joe's smile.
scene_heading: INT. REHAB CENTER - AFTERNOON
text: Joe is shown into his room. Bare. One cot. One dresser. He
text: drops his bag, sags onto the bed.
speaker_heading: ALVIN (V.O.)
dialog: Four fuckin' weeks?
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - DAY
text: A tired and depressed group of E.S.U. football players undress
text: after practice. Bud and Alvin sit in their pads, Lattimer
text: standing in street clothes. Bud softly sings "Don't Cry For
dialog: Me Argentina."
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Shit, the defense is gonna have to
dialog: pitch shutouts now...
dialog: (to Lattimer)
dialog: and you're gone for 3. What the hell
dialog: did you take that shit for?
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: Nobody seemed to mind when I was
dialog: knockin' people's dicks in the dirt.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: I bust chops too. I don't have to
dialog: get all fucked up.
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: Not everybody has the ability you
dialog: do, Alvin. You do what you have to
dialog: do to play.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Well, you're not playin' much now
dialog: are you? Shit, whole fuckin' season
text: down the drain.
scene_heading: EXT. WOLF DEN STADIUM - DAY
text: Winters and Galen Howard are walking across the field after
text: practice. The stadium is deserted.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I been talkin' to Chancellor Wilson...
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: What's he wanta do now, cut practice
dialog: down to once a week?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: No, he's happy with the way the
dialog: season's gone so far. The Alumni
dialog: have pretty much stayed off his back,
dialog: but with Joe out now, it could all
dialog: be up for grabs again.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: He thinks he's gonna have trouble
dialog: marchin' the ball down the old fund-
dialog: raisin' board, huh?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: The facts are, all we have left are
dialog: freshman quarterbacks, and nothin' I
dialog: saw at practice today, convinced me
dialog: that any of them are ready to step
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: What are you sayin?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: We gotta get Bobby Collins back.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Wilson say that?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: He didn't have to.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Forget it, Galen, Collins is no All-
dialog: Star either.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Yeh, but he's good enough to get us
text: a split of the next four games.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Look, just because you're Wilson's
dialog: boy all of a sudden, doesn't mean
dialog: I'm gonna let him make me look like
dialog: a fuckin' whore.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Don't give me that high and mighty
dialog: shit. There's a lotta people on the
dialog: bubble here. Four straight loses and
dialog: we're out of bowl contention. How's
dialog: that gonna make you look? If you're
dialog: too stupid to consider your own
dialog: situation, then maybe you oughta
dialog: think about your assistant coaches.
dialog: They've got families to feed too.
text: Howard walks away, pissed off, leaving Winters alone in the
text: middle of the field.
scene_heading: INT. BOARD OF REGENTS HEARING ROOM - DAY
text: The seven members of the BOARD OF REGENTS sit on one side of
text: a long rectangular table, the Chairman in the middle. On the
text: other side are coach Winters, Bobby Collins, the President
text: of the Faculty Senate, EDWARD LEARNIHAN, Academic Advisor,
text: ARTHUR SHANE, President of the Student Body, RICHARD FOWLER,
text: and Galen Howard. Fowler is addressing the board.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Therefore, I respectfully submit
dialog: that Bobby Collins should not be
dialog: given special treatment just because
dialog: he's a football player. Would a
dialog: regular student get a reinstatement
dialog: hearing if they'de been caught
dialog: cheating? Nobody's talking about
dialog: letting the girl who took the test
dialog: back in.
dialog: Winters could kill this kid.
speaker_heading: LEARNIHAN
dialog: I think it's also instructive to
dialog: look at some of the courses this
text: young man has taken. Beginning Golf,
dialog: Voice and Speech Improvement...
speaker_heading: SHANE
dialog: I'd like to point out that Mr. Collins
dialog: was still on schedule to get his
dialog: degree.
speaker_heading: LEARNIHAN
dialog: (pointing to Collin's
dialog: transcript)
dialog: In what, Swimming Pool Management?
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Would you like to respond, Coach
dialog: Winters?
text: Winters rises, sweating, less from nervousness than from the
dialog: odious nature of what he has to do.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: I don't know much about all this
dialog: other stuff, but I do know the
dialog: punishment should fit the crime.
dialog: Cheating's bad, but I don't think it
dialog: deserves a life sentence. Here's one
dialog: of those athletes who takes college
dialog: level courses, who wants to graduate.
dialog: I think Bobby Collins made a big
dialog: mistake, but he's already been
dialog: suspended for several weeks. He's
dialog: served his time. I think he deserves
dialog: a second chance.
speaker_heading: LEARNIHAN
dialog: Like Alvin Mack? We gave him a second
dialog: chance and since he's had 5
dialog: incompletes, 4 withdrawals and still
dialog: reads at a fourth grade level. You're
dialog: using his body to make money for the
dialog: Athletic Department -- you, yourself,
dialog: are making three times what the
dialog: Chancellor is -- but obviously no
dialog: one is making an effort to see that
dialog: this kid gets an education.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: He's helpin' to pay for your physics
dialog: lab too. If you're willin' to go
dialog: without a new office, maybe I could
dialog: hold him out a few games. Save his
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Gentlemen...
speaker_heading: SHANE
dialog: Alvin was way behind in school when
dialog: he got here. You can't make up for,
dialog: in four years, what it took 18 to
dialog: create.
speaker_heading: LEARNIHAN
dialog: Then he should never have been
dialog: admitted in the first place. It's
dialog: not fair to other students who worked
dialog: hard to get here.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Is it fair to exclude kids who come
dialog: from inferior schools? You hold
dialog: everybody to the same standards,
dialog: you're discriminating against the
dialog: poor kids.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Most of my players are farm boys,
dialog: inner-city kids. Football is their
dialog: deliverance.
speaker_heading: LEARNIHAN
dialog: Deliverance from what? A valid
dialog: education?
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: You throw Bobby Collins and Alvin
dialog: out, you take away their futures. In
dialog: Alvin's case you probably cost him a
dialog: couple million dollars in the pros.
speaker_heading: LEARNIHAN
dialog: But this is not a football vocational
dialog: school. It's an Institute of Higher
dialog: Learning.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Yeh, but when was the last time 80,000
dialog: people showed up to watch a kid do a
dialog: chemistry experiment?
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Gentlemen, please, let's get back to
dialog: the business at hand, Bobby Collins.
dialog: As you know, I played football here.
dialog: And I remember how hard it was to
dialog: practice and then study when you're
dialog: dead tired. So I have some sympathy
dialog: for this young man. But I never
dialog: cheated, so the real question is his
dialog: character. Since you know him better
dialog: than anyone else in this room; and
dialog: having talked to him and observed
dialog: him over the last several weeks, do
dialog: you feel he's learned his lesson? In
dialog: other words, can you vouch for his
dialog: character?
text: Winters would rather cut off his own head with a razor blade.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: (it's killing him)
dialog: Yes, sir, I can.
text: Bobby Collins breaks into a wide, triumphant smile.
scene_heading: EXT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - DAY
text: Learnihan and Winters come down the steps, their faces set.
dialog: As they split off:
speaker_heading: LEARNIHAN
dialog: Another case like this, I'll take it
text: all the way up to the Governor.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Don't mess with me, Learnihan. I'll
dialog: have you teachin' Study Hall.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - DAY
text: Bobby Collins walks in prior to practice. His teammates gather
text: round, slap him on the back, high five etc. Winters watches
text: from his office, disgusted.
scene_heading: INT. COACH WINTER'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Coach Winters is in his video alcove watching footage of his
text: upcoming opponent -- it's like he's looking through it though,
text: his mind elsewhere, something boiling up inside him. Suddenly,
text: he smashes his fist into the screen, breaking it into pieces.
text: His hand bleeds. He doesn't care. He just sits there and
text: seethes.
scene_heading: INT. CAMILLE'S ROOM - DAY
text: Camille's on the phone.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Hello, my name is Camille Schaeffer.
dialog: I'd like to speak to Joe Kane.
scene_heading: INT. JOE'S ROOM IN REHAB CENTER - DAY
text: Joe is aimlessly flipping cards toward a wastebasket. A NURSE
text: knocks on his door.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: You've got a phone call. A Camille
dialog: Schaeffer.
text: Joe says nothing, not wanting to deal with this.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: She says she's your girlfriend
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I don't want to talk to her.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Yeh.
text: The nurse leaves. Joe gets up, goes to the wall, and starts
text: pounding it with his right hand.
scene_heading: INT. CAMILLE'S ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: NURSE (V.O.)
dialog: I'm sorry, he doesn't wish to speak
dialog: to you right now.
text: Crushed and angry, Camille hangs up.
scene_heading: INT. ATHLETIC DORM HALL - DAY
text: Bud Lite is watching television. Louanne enters on her way
text: to Bobby Collins' room, carrying an armload of neatly-pressed
text: laundry. But Lite gets up to bar her way.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Hey, Louanne, how ya' doin?
speaker_heading: LOUANNE
dialog: Fine, Bud, ya know. Goin to J.C.,
dialog: hopin' to get back in here next year.
dialog: Just came by to give Bobby some
dialog: laundry I did for him.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You two seein' each other again?
speaker_heading: LOUANNE
dialog: Yeh, he was even talking about us
dialog: gettin' a place off campus together,
dialog: until he got reinstated. I don't
dialog: know how I woulda told my dad.
text: Bud just nods blankly. Louanne starts to head for Bobby's
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Ah, Louanne...
dialog: (pained to say it)
dialog: I wouldn't go in there right now.
speaker_heading: LOUANNE
dialog: Why not?
text: Bud doesn't have the heart to tell her. She finally realizes
text: Bobby's with another girl.
speaker_heading: LOUANNE
dialog: Ah. Guess I'm pretty stupid when it
dialog: comes to men. I never learn, do I?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I think maybe men are just stupid
dialog: when it comes to you. If you ever
dialog: feel like, ya know, just talkin'
dialog: sometime, gettin' a beer -- let me
dialog: know. My schedule's pretty open.
speaker_heading: LOUANNE
dialog: Thanks, Bud
dialog: (handing him the
dialog: clothes)
dialog: Give him these, will ya?
text: Bud nods. Louanne, fighting back tears, walks back down the
text: hall with as much dignity as she can muster.
scene_heading: INT. JOE'S REHAB CENTER - DAY
text: Winters comes to the door, hesitates, walks in and finds Joe
text: huddled on his bed. Shivering.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Get up. I wanta talk to you.
text: Joe looks resentful but makes an effort and sits up.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Don't sit up. Stand up. If you can.
text: Joe gets unsteadily to his feet. He feels sick. Winters
text: reaches out to shake hands. Joe does not reciprocate. Hides
text: his right hand behind his body.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: What's the matter, Joe? You won't
dialog: shake hands with me.
dialog: (Joe is silent)
dialog: You don't want me to see your hand,
dialog: do you?
dialog: (more silence)
dialog: So I guess what I heard was true,
dialog: huh? You been poundin' the walls
dialog: with your passin' hand, right?
dialog: (silence)
dialog: I tell you what, Joe, you want to
dialog: hit somethin', hit me.
text: Joe doesn't move.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: I said hit me. I'm the one who put
dialog: you in here. Don't hit the damn wall.
dialog: It ain't the wall's fault. Hit me!
dialog: Go on, hit me right now!
text: Joe is angry but he doesn't want to do anything about it.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Who else you wanta hit, huh? you're
dialog: daddy maybe? Cause he's a no-show
dialog: prick? Well, I'm a daddy, too, and
dialog: not a very good one at that. So just
dialog: hit me instead! I'll take your daddy's
dialog: beatin' for him. Go on, you want to.
dialog: Hit me, damnit!
text: Joe shakes his head.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: (pushes Joe in the
dialog: chest)
dialog: Hit me! I'm not gonna leave you alone
dialog: until you hit me.
dialog: (shakes Joe by
dialog: shoulders)
dialog: The guys'll thank you. They've always
dialog: wanted to do it. So do it now, damnit!
dialog: Do it!
text: Joe sinks to his knees. Winters stares down at him, then
text: kneels also, his own anger and frustration draining away.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: O.K., Joe, it's o.k. I guess I need
dialog: it more than you do.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You gotta quit beatin' up on yourself.
dialog: Let me see that hand.
text: Joe reveals his hand. It's barked and cut, but not badly
text: swollen.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: It's o.k.
dialog: (playfully)
dialog: You can still throw with it, you
dialog: fuckin' mook.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Look, the nurses say this is the
dialog: toughest time for you right now. I
dialog: thought I'd stick around a little,
dialog: case you wanta play some cards, pick
text: a fight with the wall again,
dialog: whatever...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You don't have to.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Yes I do.
scene_heading: INT. STEVE LATTIMER'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Lattimer fills a bag with all his steroid paraphernalia. He
text: carries it to his bathroom where he slowly empties it into
text: his toilet. Syringes, vials and bottles of pills all tumble
text: into the water. He flushes.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JOE'S ROOM IN REHAB CENTER - MORNING
text: The sun shines through the window. Joe wakes up, raises up,
text: looks over at Winters who is asleep in a chair. Winters
text: rouses. Joe gives him a little smile, he's allright. Winters
text: gives him a nod of approval.
text: MUSIC UP. BEGIN A SERIES OF SHOTS
text: detailing the Timberwolves progress over the next four games.
speaker_heading: ON FIELD
text: 1) Players shaking hands at midfield after the game. The
text: scoreboard reads E.S.U. 14 Boston College 10.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY HALL
text: 2) Darnell in study hall, with his new tutor concentrating
text: on her explanation, applying himself.
scene_heading: ON SIDELINE - DAY
text: 3) Steve Lattimer, in street clothes, paces the sidelines,
text: jumping up and down in frustration, his hamstring bandaged
text: to sell the injury ruse. He catches himself, gets back on
text: his crutches. A newspaper fades up through the shot. It reads
text: "Wolves Offense Fires Blanks in 13-0 Loss to Texas."
scene_heading: INT. CAFE - NIGHT
text: 4) Darnell sits in a cafe, drinking coffee and studying. Ray
text: comes in, his arm around a co-ed, MONICA. They buy a pastry
text: and leave, not having seen Darnell. Darnell ponders this a
text: second, goes back to studying.
scene_heading: INT. REHAB CENTER - DAY
text: 5) A group of patients is gathered around a T.V. set in the
text: Rehab Center, watching a pre-game show. One goes to Joe's
text: room, where Joe's lying on his cot.
speaker_heading: PATIENT
dialog: Hey, Joe, don't you wanta watch the
dialog: game? It's on cable.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: No thanks.
text: Joe leans back, staring at the ceiling.
scene_heading: ON T.V. SCREEN
text: 6) Sportscaster DALLAS PERRY is holding forth on the local
text: evening news.
speaker_heading: PERRY
text: E.S.U. on the strength of a 62 yard
text: touchdown run by freshman Darnell
text: Jefferson, squeaked by the North
dialog: Carolina Tarheels today, 14 to 13,
dialog: keeping their bowl hopes alive.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS NIGHT
text: 7) Darnell, with his books, on the way to the library, passes
text: the frat house where the victory party is in progress. He
text: sees Ray and Autumn walking together. Autumn sees him, her
text: face lights up. He gives her a slight smile, keeps walking.
text: She watches him with a certain longing.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - LATE NIGHT
text: 8) Darnell, alone in the library, late at night, studying.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - DAY
text: 9) Lattimer, carrying his gear bag, walks into the locker
text: room. His teammates come over to shake his hand, slap him on
text: the back, welcome him back to the team.
speaker_heading: MUSIC ENDS
scene_heading: INT. JOE'S REHAB CENTER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Joe sits on his bed listening to the E.S.U. broadcast.
speaker_heading: HARVEY (V.O.)
dialog: E.S.U. hoping to get past a tough
dialog: Iowa Hawkeyes team in their last
dialog: game before the return of star
text: quarterback, Joe Kane.
scene_heading: EXT. KINNICK STADIUM - NIGHT
text: The E.S.U. defense is on the field. Alvin moves up opposite
text: the OFFENSIVE GUARD.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: I know you, motherfucker. You're the
dialog: prick who got my little sister
dialog: pregnant. We ain't seen you around
dialog: lately. Where you been, huh? Answer
dialog: me, motherfucker, or I'm gonna peel
dialog: your cap.
text: The ball is hiked. Iowa runs a sweep left. Lattimer tries to
text: get outside to contain, but is blocked by the fullback, who
text: goes low and cuts his legs out from under him.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Shit, Lattimer...
text: Alvin pursues the play as the ballcarrier heads for the
text: corner, then suddenly cuts back. Alvin has overrun the play
text: slightly. We go to SLOW MOTION as he turns and is hit with a
text: wicked CRACK-BACK BLOCK by the guard he taunted. Alvin's leg
text: flexes at a horrifying angle. We HEAR THE SNAP of bone and
text: tendon, as Alvin plummets to the ground, writhing in pain,
text: grabbing his left leg.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Oh, no...
text: The doctor and trainers sprint out to the field.
scene_heading: INT. JOE'S REHAB CENTER ROOM - NIGHT
text: We move in on Joe's face, as Harvey is heard on the radio in
dialog: the b.g.
speaker_heading: HARVEY (V.O.)
dialog: Oh, boy, this does not look good,
dialog: Harmon. They're bringing the
text: stretchers out...
text: Joe's eyes close. He knows what this means.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FIELD - NIGHT
text: Alvin is being strapped on the stretcher.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: (wailing in pain)
dialog: Oh, shit, oh shit, I'll kill that
dialog: motherfucker. I'll... Oh shit...
scene_heading: EXT. KINNICK STADIUM - NIGHT
text: An ambulance carrying Alvin emerges from the stadium. We
text: hear CHEERING inside, the SIREN outside.
speaker_heading: HARVEY (V.O.)
text: Twelve seconds left, Iowa driving
dialog: for the winning touchdown. Fourth
dialog: and goal at the one. E.S.U. trying
dialog: to hold on without their star middle
dialog: linebacker, Alvin Mack.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FIELD AGAIN - NIGHT
text: The E.S.U. defensive line digs in. Lattimer tries to suck up
text: his remaining strength.
text: Iowa runs a blast to Lattimer's side. He fights through one
text: block, the ballcarrier coming right toward him. They meet in
text: a titanic collision at the goal line. The back keeps driving,
text: twisting. Lattimer tries to hold him, but weaker than he was
text: on steroids, is unable to. The back falls over the goal line.
scene_heading: Touchdown. IOWA 13 E.S.U. 10.
text: As the Iowa players celebrate all around him, Lattimer sits
text: where he fell, a beaten and humiliated young man.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: Coach, you've lost two of your last
dialog: four.
scene_heading: INT. INTERVIEW ROOM UNDER STADIUM - NIGHT
text: Coach Winters faces the press.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Why do your teams seem to nose dive
dialog: at the end of the last couple seasons?
speaker_heading: COACH WINTERS
dialog: This was a tough loss, but this ain't
dialog: any nose dive. We've had some key
dialog: players out, but if we win next week,
dialog: we'll still win the conference and
dialog: go to a major bowl on New Year's
dialog: Day. I mean, I know you guys can't
dialog: write, but I thought you could at
dialog: least count.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - EVENING
text: Alvin lies on a bed, his leg bandaged and elevated. He's
text: still a little groggy from anesthetic. Coach Winters stands
text: beside him.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: You look good, Alvin.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Yeh, I feel o.k.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Any of the guys been down yet?
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: They called.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Hell, you know how football players
dialog: are about hospitals and injuries.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Yeh.
text: Several beats of silence. Then:
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: I'm never gonna play again, am I?
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Doctors aren't always right, Alvin...
dialog: but I just want you to know... you're
dialog: the best defensive football player I
dialog: ever coached.
text: Alvin nods. Winters comes forward, hugs him around the head,
text: gives him a smile, walks out. Tears brim in Winters eyes as
text: he leaves. Alvin's head goes back against the pillow. Tears
text: aren't brimming here. They're rolling down his cheeks.
speaker_heading: MUSIC BEGINS
scene_heading: EXT. REHAB CENTER - MORNING
text: Joe walks out with his suitcase. Coach Winters waits for
text: him. Shakes his hand. They get in the car.
speaker_heading: WINTERS (V.O.)
dialog: Congratulations. I'm proud of you,
dialog: Joe.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: I know you had a difficult time.
dialog: Michigan is easy, right? Bourbon is
dialog: tough.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Scotch.
text: They share a laugh. Winters pulls out two sets of round trip
dialog: airline tickets.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: I got somethin' for ya. Coupla round
dialog: trip tickets. Go see your dad. Get
dialog: it cleaned up.
text: Joe takes the tickets, just looks at him.
scene_heading: INT. STEVE LATTIMER'S ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: I'm gonna have to take a test with
dialog: the coach right there. You sure you
dialog: got somethin' better than blockers?
speaker_heading: DEALER (V.O.)
dialog: Much better. This guy is foolproof.
dialog: See ya Saturday.
text: Lattimer hangs up, picks up a HYPODERMIC. Stares at it a
text: second, sweat beading on his forehead. Then plunges it an
text: inch deep into his thigh. Pulls it out, sits on the bed a
text: beat, then picks up a barbell and begins to pump it furiously,
text: biceps bulging.
speaker_heading: MUSIC ENDS
scene_heading: INT. COACH WINTER'S OFFICE - AFTERNOON
text: The coach is facing Ray and Darnell across his desk.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: I wanta do something different for
dialog: this game. Try to maximize our speed,
dialog: but keep you both in the lineup at
dialog: the same time. Ray, I'm moving you
dialog: to fullback. Darnell, you're startin'
text: at tail.
text: Ray is stunned, Darnell elated, but neither says a word.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Ray, you'll be carrying the ball
dialog: less and blocking more, but they'll
dialog: still have to respect your running
dialog: and pass-catching ability. Not
dialog: everybody can make a transition like
dialog: this. You think you can handle it?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (tight lipped)
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Good. We can't afford any hang dogs.
scene_heading: EXT. TENNIS COURTS - DAY
text: Camille comes off the court, after tennis practice. She's
text: surprised to find Joe waiting for her.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Hello, Camille.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: (cool)
dialog: Hello, Joe. You allright now?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Yeh... yeh, I think so.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Good, I'm happy for you.
text: She starts to walk away, heading for the bike racks.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Camille, hold on, O.K.? I'm sorry
dialog: that I didn't want... that I couldn't
dialog: see you.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: You couldn't even talk to me. What
dialog: happened to "there's somethin' goin'
dialog: on between you and me"?
text: Camille gets on her bike...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: C'mon, Camille, I was embarrassed. I
dialog: couldn't...
text: and pedals off.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (shouting after her)
dialog: I couldn't understand why anybody
dialog: would wanta talk to me. Camille!
text: She just keeps on going.
scene_heading: EXT. PENNSYLVANIA STEEL TOWN - DAY
text: A bus comes up the hill toward us, on the main street of
text: Joe's sooty, little home town, the huge stacks of moribund
text: steel works filling the sky in the background. The bus stops
text: at a corner. Joe steps off. No bag. He's not planning on
dialog: staying long.
scene_heading: EXT. JOE'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Joe goes to the front door. Knocks, gets no answer, pushes
text: the door open, walks through the messy, cluttered house to
text: the back porch. Seated in a metal folding chair, smoking a
text: cigarette, looking out at the yard is Joe's DAD. He's got a
text: couple days growth of beard, and although not drunk now, he
text: has the look of one.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: How ya doin', Dad?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (surprised to see him)
dialog: Joe! What's this? They throw you
dialog: out?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JOE'S DAD
dialog: I heard about your little set-to.
dialog: They had it on the news here.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Yeh, they sent me to rehab.
speaker_heading: JOE'S DAD
dialog: We know what that's worth. Your
dialog: brother's been through it three times.
text: Joe nods sadly.
speaker_heading: JOE'S DAD
dialog: So what are you doin' here?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I've been thinking about some things,
dialog: Dad.
speaker_heading: JOE'S DAD
dialog: That's what that damn rehab'll do.
dialog: Make you think about a lotta things
dialog: you can't do nothing' about.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I kinda been wonderin' why you never
dialog: came to any of my games. All those
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: JOE'S DAD
dialog: Oh, I don't know. I guess I didn't
dialog: wanta make you nervous. You mighta
dialog: tried too hard and screwed up.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Or I mighta done real well. Which
dialog: woulda been harder on you, Dad?
speaker_heading: JOE'S DAD
dialog: (sensing the anger)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Mighta made you feel bad. Like maybe
dialog: it wasn't written someplace that we
dialog: all gotta go on our ass. Like maybe
dialog: you coulda done somethin' more, if
dialog: you'de tried a little harder.
speaker_heading: JOE'S DAD
dialog: Or maybe I didn't wanta see you
dialog: gettin' all excited, all pumped up
dialog: with pride, when I knew one day it
dialog: would all come crashin' down. Just
dialog: like it did.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I think I spent the last couple years
dialog: hopin' I'd die before that day. But
dialog: you know what Dad? That day came and
dialog: I'm still here. And I got one more
dialog: game this year. I don't know how
dialog: well I'll play or even how much, but
dialog: I want you there.
speaker_heading: JOE'S DAD
dialog: How would you feel introducing your
dialog: drunk dad to all your friends? You
dialog: think about that?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I could live with it, if you could.
dialog: (handing him a ticket)
dialog: Here's a ticket. Section 2, Row 6.
dialog: Fifty yard line. If you don't come,
dialog: I'll never ask you again.
speaker_heading: JOE'S DAD
dialog: O.K., Joey. And good luck.
text: They give each other a short, quick hug. Nothing sentimental.
text: Joe walks back through the house. His dad stares out at the
dialog: yard.
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE LIBRARY - NIGHT
text: Darnell is up late again, studying at one of the tables. He
text: hears footsteps, becomes aware of the presence of another
text: person. He looks up to see Autumn.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Hey, Autumn. How's Ray?
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Don't know. Haven't seen him since
dialog: the night I saw you. He'd been goin'
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Monica Lambert.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: You knew? Why didn't you tell me?
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Didn't wanta win you over that way.
text: Silence. Darnell looks back at his books.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: I just wondered how your studying
dialog: was comin'. You ready for tomorrow?
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: The test? I hope so. I been workin'
dialog: pretty hard.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Good...
dialog: (sitting down)
dialog: I talked to my dad last night.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Oh, yeah? How's he doin?
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Fine. We talked about you.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: (eyes brimming)
dialog: I told him I'd gone out with you...
dialog: I told him I wished I could still go
dialog: bowling.
text: Darnell gets up and pulls her to her feet. He hugs her.
speaker_heading: MUSIC BEGINS
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINATION ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Darnell is bent over his test booklet. He writes furiously,
text: stops to think, starts writing again.
scene_heading: EXT. PRACTICE FIELD - DAY
text: Joe takes a snap, fades to pass, throws an out. The ball
text: flutters badly, falling short.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: He's rusty. I doubt if we can start
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: (simmering)
dialog: He's worse than that. He's outa shape.
dialog: (blowing his whistle)
dialog: All right, that's enough for today.
text: Practice is cancelled. Everybody off
text: the field, but Kane.
dialog: (the players hesitate)
dialog: C'mon what the hell are you standin'
dialog: around lookin' at? Get outa here.
text: The players, surprised at this turn of events, begin to file
text: off. Even the coaches are baffled. Winters walks over to
text: Joe, who has no idea what this is about.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Didn't do much while you were in
dialog: there, did ya?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, we didn't exactly have a team...
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: You could've worked out on your own.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I had some other things to worry
dialog: about...
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Well, we're gonna make up for lost
dialog: time. We'll start by hoppin' the
dialog: steps.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Hoppin' the steps?! What, you're
dialog: gonna punish me now.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Don't talk back to me, Joe. I'll
dialog: kick your ass. I went easy on you,
dialog: 'cause you had to get through detox,
dialog: but that's out to sea now. You let
dialog: this team down; you let this program
dialog: down. Start those steps. Right leg.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON JOE - STADIUM
text: Hopping up the stadium steps on his right foot, laboring as
text: he passes Winters, halfway up.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
text: Now the left.
text: Joe switches to his left foot and continues hopping up the
text: steps, his quadriceps bursting with pain.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: JOE - LATER - STADIUM
text: hanging by his arms, moving hand over hand along the crossbar
text: of the goalpost, panting with fatigue, Winters watching from
dialog: below.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: JOE - AT SUNSET - STADIUM
text: Bone weary now. Winters has him run 20 yards, get down and
dialog: do 10 pushups, run another 20 yards, do 10 more pushups etc.
text: Joe staggers the 20 yards, drops to do his pushups, can only
text: do 4. Winters yanks him to his feet, pushes him forward to
dialog: run again.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
text: 70 guys. 70 guys who busted their
dialog: butts all year. Because of you they
dialog: might not win the conference. Because
dialog: of you they might not go to a bowl.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (barely able to stand)
dialog: I didn't wanna leave... I just screwed
dialog: up...
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: You dogged on them.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (stopping, exhausted)
dialog: No, no I never dogged. I worked my
dialog: ass off. I played hard...
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: (pushing him forward)
dialog: Then you shoulda stayed in shape.
dialog: Keep runnin', dammit.
speaker_heading: JOE
text: (wobbling, starting
dialog: to break down)
dialog: I always played hard. I gave my
dialog: everything for you. When you came to
dialog: the Center, I thought you were really
dialog: worried about me. But you don't give
dialog: a shit. We're all just a buncha sled
dialog: dogs. If you had another guy who
dialog: could throw, you'da left me in the
dialog: fuckin' hospital.
text: (falling to his knees,
dialog: sobbing)
dialog: The only thing that matters is the
dialog: program, the god-damn program.
text: Winters pushes Joe down to do his pushups. Joe has to strain
dialog: mightily to do two.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Nobody forced you to play football,
dialog: Joe. Not me, not the program, nobody.
dialog: But when you sign on, you commit
dialog: yourself to pay the price, to do
dialog: whatever it takes. Well, you haven't
dialog: paid the price yet. You still owe
dialog: this team. You owe this team big-
dialog: time.
dialog: (walking away)
dialog: Get a shower.
text: Joe tries to get up, but collapses face down on the turf, as
text: Winters continues to walk away.
scene_heading: INT. LOW RENT DOCTOR'S OFFICE - MORNING
text: Lattimer lies on a table, a CATHETER TUBE going into his
text: side. A DOCTOR'S AIDE supervises. Lattimer's dealer is there.
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: What's this doin?
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: Takin' doped urine outa your bladder
dialog: and puttin clean back in. Call it an
dialog: oil change.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - BEFORE THE GAME
text: Coach Winters watches unknowingly as Lattimer pees the
text: catheterized urine into a cup.
speaker_heading: MUSIC ENDS
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - JUST BEFORE THE GAME
text: The team is gathered around. Conspicuous among them is
text: Lattimer, who's painted his face like a skeleton. Coach
text: Winters is whipping them up with a pre-game rant.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Gotta get it done today, boys. Gotta
dialog: ring that bell. 60 minutes. 60 minutes
dialog: of mean. No prisoners. No mercy.
dialog: Nothin' but snot bubbles. Gotta ring
dialog: that bell, gotta ring that
text: Championship bell.
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Ding Motherfucking Dong!!
text: Pumped to the gills, the E.S.U. team explodes in yells and
text: races out into the tunnel. The YELLING continues OVER and
text: mixes with the CHEERING OF THE CROWD as:
scene_heading: EXT. WOLF DEN STADIUM - AFTERNOON
speaker_heading: HARVEY (V.O.)
dialog: Wolves movin' left to right on your
text: radio dial. Looking to generate some
dialog: offense. They've been up and down
dialog: the last few weeks.
text: ANGLE ON BOBBY COLLINS in the huddle.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
text: 28 Thunder right. On go.
text: They break and the E.S.U. offense comes to the line. Collins
text: calls signals. We go to SLOW MOTION as he fades to pass.
text: Darnell fakes a block, then rolls out for a screen pass.
text: Georgia Tech's defensive line comes hard. Bobby flips the
text: ball over the charging defenders. Darnell catches it, gets a
text: good block from Bud Lite, then tucks in behind Ray who is
text: out ahead blocking.
text: There's only one linebacker to beat and Darnell will be into
text: the secondary. Figuring Ray will block the guy, Darnell begins
text: to look for the safeties. Ray, however, barely brushes the
text: linebacker, who doesn't even break stride. He lowers his
text: head, and drives into Darnell, his helmet hitting the
text: football. Fumble! There's a scramble. The Yellow Jackets
text: free safety comes up with it.
speaker_heading: REGULAR SPEED
text: The crowd and the E.S.U. bench, quickly deflated, sit back
text: down. Darnell gets to his feet, glares at Ray, but says
text: nothing. He knows Ray tanked the block.
scene_heading: INT. ALVIN MACK'S SHACK - DAY
text: Alvin sits alone in the "living room", listening to the E.S.U.
text: game on the radio, his leg propped up on an apple crate. His
text: mother mends a pair of jeans in the b.g.
speaker_heading: HARVEY (V.O.)
dialog: So the Wolves defense has held after
dialog: the fumble, and the Yellow Jackets
dialog: will opt for the field goal. Around
text: a 34 yarder. Ball is down, it's away,
dialog: it's long enough. And good! Georgia
text: Tech jumps out on top 3-0.
text: Alvin's mother looks to see if there's any reaction from
dialog: Alvin. There's none.
scene_heading: EXT. WOLF DEN STADIUM - AFTERNOON
text: Bobby Collins fades back to pass, is rushed, throws a quick
text: sideline, but it's a little short. The Yellow Jackets'
text: CORNERBACK sprints up, intercepts it and runs 30 yards down
text: the sideline for a touchdown.
speaker_heading: HARVEY (V.O.)
text: Collins back to pass, rushed, now
text: fires out in the flat. It's picked
text: off by Hill. Down the sideline. He's
dialog: gonna go in untouched. Touchdown,
dialog: Georgia Tech.
scene_heading: INT. E.S.U. LOCKER ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: A discouraged bunch of E.S.U. players drag into the locker
text: room. Some swear, some bang their lockers.
speaker_heading: LATTIMER
dialog: C'mon guys, we're only down ten.
dialog: Let's get our fuckin' shit together.
text: Darnell marches over to Ray's locker.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: You missed that block on purpose,
dialog: didn't you, asshole.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You're full of shit. You fumble, you
dialog: try to blame me.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: It's Autumn isn't it? That's what
dialog: this is all about.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: The hell with Autumn. You just can't
dialog: take a hit.
text: Infuriated, Darnell goes for Ray, and they start swinging.
text: Darnell tackles Ray, they roll on the floor, still swinging,
text: trying to beat the shit out of each other. Finally, several
text: players manage to pull them apart. Coach Winters charges
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Don't tell me who started it. I don't
dialog: care. All I care about is this
dialog: football team. We win together. We
dialog: lose together. So whatever your
dialog: problem is, get over it. I don't
dialog: want any more of this shit.
dialog: Understand?
scene_heading: DARNELL AND RAY
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: As for the rest of you guys. Here's
dialog: what I think of the way you played.
text: Winters walks over to a table set up with 75 cups of Orange
text: Juice and Gatorade. He swipes the cups off the table creating
text: a small flood on the floor. Then turns the table over. The
text: players are shocked. They've seldom seen him like this.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: (pointing toward the
dialog: Yellow Jackets' locker
dialog: room)
dialog: They're laughin' at you over there.
text: Makin' plans for the evening. They
dialog: never dreamed it'd be this easy. You
dialog: guys are nothin' but bugs splattered
dialog: on their windshield. You better stock
dialog: up on potato chips, 'cause you're
dialog: gonna be watching a lotta T.V. on
dialog: New Years Day.
text: Winters walks away, as the players are left to contemplate
text: their mistakes. Winters goes over to Joe.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Get warm, Joe. You're startin' the
dialog: second half.
text: Joe nods, excited but uncertain. Winters moves on to Ray
dialog: Griffen.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: By the way... don't let me see you
dialog: miss anymore blocks.
scene_heading: EXT. WOLF DEN STADIUM - AFTERNOON
text: The E.S.U. players return to their bench for the start of
text: the second half, gather in a circle. Joe looks up in the
text: stands to the seat he reserved for his father. It's empty.
text: BEGIN A SERIES OF SHOTS:
text: 1) Joe takes the snap from center, fumbles it, falls on it.
text: 2) Joe looks to throw over the middle, waits too long, is
dialog: sacked.
text: 3) Joe underthrows Darnell coming out of the backfield.
scene_heading: EXT. WOLF DEN STADIUM - AFTERNOON
text: Clayton approaches Winters on the sideline.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Joe's too tentative, too cautious
dialog: out there. He seems flat. Maybe we
dialog: oughta give Collins another shot.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Joe just needs to get the feel back.
dialog: He'll be allright.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Sam, we can't afford to wait...
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: (snapping)
dialog: I said he'll be allright.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JOE
speaker_heading: HARVEY (V.O.)
text: 5:51 to go. Georgia Tech up 10 to
dialog: nothing. The Wolves are gonna have
dialog: to find some offense in a hurry here.
dialog: Their defense has been keepin' them
dialog: in it.
text: As he starts off the bench for the field, Coach Winters comes
text: up to him.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Joe, I know that Rehab was good for
dialog: you. Got rid of a lotta bad habits.
dialog: But what about the rest of you? What
dialog: happened to the Joe Kane that used
dialog: to take command of this team, the
dialog: Joe Kane these guys i'd run through
dialog: a bulldozer for? They put him out
dialog: with the trash? What are you waitin'
dialog: for, somebody to feel sorry for you
dialog: cause you've had some problems? Nobody
dialog: in this stadium gives a shit. It's
dialog: time to step up, Joe. Time to sit at
text: the head of the Table.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE E.S.U. OFFENSIVE HUDDLE
text: As Joe comes into the huddle. He's all business now.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: All right, we've held these guys up
dialog: long enough. Give me time back here,
dialog: and I'll rip 'em apart. 16 shift,
text: green, bolt. First sound.
text: Joe brings the offense to the line of scrimmage, yells "Go!"
text: The ball is snapped, Joe drops back, hits Darnell on the
text: sideline. First down. In quick succession, we see Joe:
dialog: 1) Complete a 15 yarder to Ray over the middle.
text: 2) Fades to pass, is rushed. Forced out of the pocket,
text: scrambles for his life, manages to get down to the 4 yard
text: line. He gets up, surveys the distance to pay dirt.
speaker_heading: HARVEY (V.O.)
dialog: Nice bit of scrambling by Kane to
dialog: get it to the four, but it's gonna
dialog: bring up fourth and goal. No doubt
dialog: about it, with 3:45 they've gotta go
dialog: for it here, if they're gonna get
dialog: back in this game.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE SIDELINE
text: Winters puts his arm around Ray who will take the play into
text: the huddle.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Give it to me up the gut, Coach.
dialog: They've been ignoring me. I know I
dialog: can score.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: No, we're gonna go with the sweep.
text: Winters gives Ray a shove and he runs onto the field. Ray is
text: upset, angry. He swears to himself.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON FIELD
text: Ray enters the huddle, whispers in Joe's ear.
speaker_heading: JOE
text: 28 Thunder right. On 2.
text: The team breaks out, comes to the line. Joe looks over the
text: defense, screams signals as the CROWD NOISE is building.
text: We go to SLOW MOTION as the ball is snapped. Ray takes one
text: step forward then turns right, leading the play. Joe pitches
text: to Darnell who follows Ray. Georgia Tech's outside linebacker
text: comes up to stop the play. Ray stumbles before he can make
text: the block. He drops out of our picture.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Shit!
text: Darnell is forced to go wider toward the sideline. The
text: linebacker and cornerback are closing, both have the angle
text: on him. Darnell starts to cut back. He lowers his shoulder
text: to take the linebacker's blow. Suddenly, out of nowhere, Ray
text: reappears and throws a devastating block on the linebacker,
text: knocking him back into the cornerback, taking them both out.
text: Darnell cuts it up and blasts over the safety at the goal
text: line. Touchdown, E.S.U.
text: The stands erupt. It's the first thing they've had to cheer
text: about all day. Winters just looks at the clock, goes over to
dialog: talk to his defense.
text: Darnell foregoes his touchdown dance. He runs over to Ray,
text: grabs him by the helmet.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Monster block, man. Monster
dialog: motherfuckin' block.
text: Ray smiles. They butt heads and run off the field
scene_heading: INT. ALVIN'S SHACK
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: (softly to himself)
dialog: All right, defense. Let's get evil.
dialog: Kill 'em all, let the paramedics
dialog: sort 'em out.
scene_heading: EXT. WOLF DEN STADIUM - AFTERNOON
text: Georgia Tech has the ball. They break their huddle.
speaker_heading: HARVEY (V.O.)
dialog: 1:11 and counting. Third and one.
dialog: The Wolves have got to stop them on
dialog: this play if they're gonna get the
dialog: ball back. A first down here and
dialog: it's all she wrote. E.S.U. is out of
dialog: timeouts.
text: The Georgia Tech quarterback fakes to his fullback, hands
text: off to his TAILBACK on the countertrap. The tailback runs
text: behind his big, pulling tackle, both right at Lattimer.
text: Lattimer takes on the tackle, sheds his block. The back lowers
text: his head, starts to power into Lattimer. Lattimer lets out a
text: fierce yell.
text: Smash! Lattimer explodes into the tailback, the collision
text: lifting the back off the ground, whiplashing his neck,
text: vibrating his helmet. Lattimer's legs churn, driving the
text: tailback back and into the ground. We see the back's face.
text: There are snot bubbles in his nose. No first down. No way.
text: Lattimer jabs both arms in the air. The crowd goes nuts, as
text: the defense slaps helmets, and runs off the field, windmilling
text: their arms, whipping up the crowd.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SIDELINE
text: Winters congratulates the defense as it comes off the field.
text: He meets Lattimer, looks into his eyes. Sees the steroids
dialog: there. He knows it's the only way the kid could have done
text: it. Decides not to bust him. Lattimer knows it. Winters gives
text: his helmet a little slap, more in sympathy than praise.
text: ANGLE ON THE YELLOW JACKET PUNTER
text: He catches the snap, boots the ball away.
text: Darnell fields it at his 12, starts toward the right sideline,
text: where hemmed in, he looks like dead meat. Suddenly, he
text: reverses his field, racing for the opposite sideline, where
text: a picket line of blockers awaits him, if he can get there.
text: He turns on the jets, barely beating two tacklers to the
text: corner, and then turns it up the left sideline, picking up a
text: wicked series of crack-back blocks, until he's finally run
text: out of bounds at the Yellow Jacket 35 yard line.
speaker_heading: ON STANDS
text: The E.S.U. fans are on their feet. Winters races over to
dialog: Joe.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Time for 2 plays. If it's not open
text: in the end zone, take the sideline.
text: As the offense runs onto the field,
text: Winters checks the scoreboard. 17
text: seconds left. Georgia Tech 10. E.S.U.
dialog: 7.
scene_heading: INT. WOLF DEN STADIUM - AFTERNOON
text: Joe brings the Wolves up.
speaker_heading: HARVEY (V.O.)
dialog: Ball on the Yellow Jacket 35. 17
text: seconds left. Kane barking signals.
text: Joe takes the snap, drops to pass, finds no one, rolls away
text: from the rush. Just as he's about to go out of bounds, he
text: fires a bullet down the sideline. Ray Griffen catches it and
text: goes out of bounds at the twelve.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SIDELINE
text: Joe runs over to Coach Winters, knowing they have no more
text: time outs, as the refs move the chains.
speaker_heading: HARVEY (V.O.)
text: Field goal here ties it, but a tie
dialog: may not get the Wolves into a bowl.
dialog: Tough decision for Winters.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: (to Joe)
dialog: You want me to send in the kicking
dialog: team or you think you can handle it?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Give me the ball.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: O.K., let's do 24 inside slot, left
text: blue lightning.
speaker_heading: ON FIELD
text: Joe races back out onto the field and into the huddle, as
text: the crowd's roar goes off the charts.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (in huddle)
text: O.K., 24 inside slot, left blue
dialog: lightning. Let's put the women and
dialog: children to bed, and go lookin' for
dialog: fuckin' dinner. On 2.
text: He starts the wolf howl. The others join in, howling for all
text: they're worth, eleven jacked-up warriors. They clap and break
text: the huddle.
text: The crowd is standing, waving fists in unison toward the
text: Georgia Tech end zone. Joe looks up in the stands again at
text: the seat he left for his father. It's still empty.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: This one's for you, Dad.
text: Joe starts to call signals as Bud Lite sings "Bali Hi." We
text: go to SLOW MOTION as the ball is snapped.
text: The Georgia Tech defense fires off the line, throwing
text: everything at Joe. Joe drops back five steps. Bud Lite picks
text: up a blitzing linebacker, knocks him over a fallen player.
text: Joe looks for Darnell in the corner, but another pass rusher
text: breaks through, forcing Joe out of the pocket. It's wartime
text: as tackles and blockers collide, hand-fight, go down, scramble
text: up, collide again, all in pursuit of Joe.
text: Darnell, realizing Joe's in trouble, breaks off his pattern
text: and heads to the center of the end zone. Joe dodges one
text: tackler, shakes free of another's ankle tackle, heads back
text: for the center of the field. He spots Darnell breaking between
text: defensive backs. Just as he's buried by two massive linemen,
text: Joe fires a rocket down the middle toward the sliver of open
text: space that Darnell is heading for.
text: The ball barely clears the hands of a lunging linebacker.
text: Darnell and two defensive backs, one from each side, close
text: on the ball as it cuts through the air, a perfect spiral.
text: Darnell dives. The two defensive backs dive. The ball passes
text: between their outstretched hands by a fraction of an inch,
text: landing in Darnell's. He clutches it to his chest, rolls
text: over, holds the ball up for the ref to see. Touchdown! This
text: time Darnell does go into his touchdown dance.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STANDS
text: Pandemonium. The crowd including Autumn and her dad goes
text: crazy. Winters just gives a few quick nods, watching almost
text: wistfully as the players and coaches hug each other, knowing
text: none of them will hug him. Joe, Bud and the others mob
dialog: Darnell.
scene_heading: INT. ALVIN'S SHACK - DAY
text: Alvin listens to the celebration a few beats, then switches
text: off the radio, knowing this is an experience he'll never be
text: a part of again. We leave him staring off into an uncertain
dialog: future.
scene_heading: INT. CHANCELLOR'S SKY-BOX - DAY
text: The Chancellor and his guests are celebrating the victory,
text: congratulating each other. Conspicuous among them are the
text: Fat Cat Alumnus who gave Darnell the money, and the Chairman
dialog: of the Board of Regents.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
text: Looks like the Timberwolves are back.
dialog: Probably brought the library with
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: CHANCELLOR
dialog: Hope so.
dialog: (turning to Galen
dialog: Howard)
dialog: Give my sincere congratulations to
dialog: Coach Winters.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: He'll be delighted.
text: The Fat Cat Alumnus goes to a replica of the Building Fund
text: football field and starts advancing the ball.
speaker_heading: FAT CAT ALUMNUS
dialog: 15,10, touchdown!
text: This brings applause all around.
scene_heading: EXT. WOLF DEN STADIUM - AFTERNOON
text: As Darnell comes off the field, Autumn runs out and hugs
text: him, leads him to her dad.
speaker_heading: AUTUMN
dialog: Daddy, you remember Darnell.
speaker_heading: MR. HALEY
dialog: Yes, I do. Great catch, Darnell.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Thank you, sir. I got somethin' for
dialog: you.
text: Darnell reaches into his helmet and takes out a sweat-stained
text: piece of paper.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: My entrance exam. Got a 92. Coach
dialog: Winters said you got an 87. He looked
dialog: it up.
speaker_heading: MR. HALEY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I'll kill him.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON JOE KANE
text: walking toward the tunnel, acknowledging the plaudits of the
text: fans. He looks for Camille, doesn't see her. Coach Winters
text: comes up next to him.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: Hell of a throw, Joe. Good to see
dialog: you back.
text: Winters gives him a quick, but firm hug.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: And don't worry about the Heisman.
dialog: We'll gear up for it next year.
text: Joe manages a weary smile.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUD LITE
text: coming down the tunnel, Bobby Collins next to him. Both stop
text: as Louanne walks toward them. Bobby smiles to himself in
text: anticipation of her fawning over him. She walks right by him
dialog: and up to Bud.
speaker_heading: LOUANNE
dialog: You still feel like gettin' a beer?
text: Bud smiles. Bobby quickly looks around for someone else to
text: hit on, hails a cheerleader. Bud and Louanne walk off
text: together. Louanne stops when she sees her father, fearful of
dialog: his reaction.
speaker_heading: LOUANNE
dialog: He's not a football player any more.
dialog: He's graduating this year.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: He's still got a bowl game.
text: Louanne waits, not sure whether her father's angry or not.
speaker_heading: WINTERS
dialog: So make sure he doesn't violate
dialog: curfew.
text: Louanne smiles. Winters returns it, and walks away.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STEVE LATTIMER
text: Sitting on the bench, his head in his hands, weeping.
speaker_heading: HARVEY (V.O.)
dialog: An amazing conclusion to a great
dialog: season. We can see Steve Lattimer
text: down on the bench weeping tears of
text: joy as E.S.U. goes back to a bowl
text: for the first time in three years.
text: These are not tears of joy, but a man/boy who knows he'll
dialog: never be able to play pro football without steroids.
scene_heading: EXT. E.S.U. CAMPUS - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Joe sits on a bench at the intersection of four converging
text: Quad paths. Camille approaches from the opposite direction,
text: stops when she sees Joe.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: What are you doin' here?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Waitin' for you. I figured you'de
dialog: have to come through here on your
dialog: way to dinner.
text: This softens, relaxes her a bit.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Shouldn't you be out celebrating?
dialog: You played real well.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I need your help with somethin'. I
dialog: know I'm not your favorite guy right
dialog: now, but it's all startin' again.
dialog: The expectations, the pressure, the
dialog: talk about the Heisman next year. I
dialog: was wonderin' if you'de like to go
dialog: somewhere, maybe share a six-pack
dialog: with me?
text: Camille's shocked that he might be drinking again. He pulls
text: a six pack of 7-Up out from behind his back. She laughs in
text: spite of herself. They settle again.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I miss you, Camille. I don't like
dialog: bein' without you.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: I'll think about it.
text: They look at each other a beat, come forward into a long
text: kiss and embrace as we pull up and back.
text: CREDITS BEGIN TO ROLL AS
scene_heading: EXT. STADIUM TUNNEL - DAY
text: Coach Winters, flanked by Humes and Clayton, walks down the
text: tunnel to a waiting car. No effigy this time.
speaker_heading: HUMES
dialog: Tickets are in your coat. Itinerary
text: and player profiles in the briefcase.
dialog: We got a 9:00am tomorrow in Baltimore
dialog: with the kid from Park. Then we're
dialog: on to...
text: They continue down the tunnel toward a new recruiting season,
text: another year in the annals of The Program.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
