dialog: 
dialog: " T E R M I N A T O R "
dialog: by
dialog: James Cameron
speaker_heading: Registered WGAw
dialog: Fourth Draft
dialog: April 20, 1983
scene_heading: --------------------------------------------------------------------
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
scene_heading: A1 TITLE SEQUENCE - SLITSCAN EFFECT A1
scene_heading: 1 EXT. SCHOOLYARD - NIGHT 1
text: Silence. Gradually the sound of distant traffic becomes
text: audible. A LOW ANGLE bounded on one side by a chain-link
text: fence and on the other by the one-story public school build-
text: ings. Spray-can hieroglyphics and distant streetlight sha-
dialog: dows. This is a Los Angeles public school in a blue collar
dialog: neighborhood.
text: ANGLE BETWEEN SCHOOL BUILDINGS, where a trash dumpster looms
text: in a LOW ANGLE, part of the clutter behind the gymnasium.
text: A CAT enters FRAME. CAMERA DOLLIES FORWARD, prowling with
text: him through the landscape of trash receptacles and shadows.
text: CLOSE ON CAT, which freezes, alert, sensing something just
dialog: beyond human perception.
text: A sourceless wind rises, and with it a keening WHINE.
text: Papers blow across the pavement.
text: The cat YOWLS and hides under the dumpster.
text: Windows rattle in their frames.
text: The WHINE intensifies, accompanied now by a wash of frigid
text: PURPLE LIGHT. A CONCUSSION like a thunderclap right over-
text: head blows in all the windows facing the yard.
text: C.U. - CAT, its eyes are wide as the glare dies.
speaker_heading: 1A/FX ANGLE - DUMPSTER 1A/FX
text: ELECTRICAL DISCHARGES arc from the dumpster to a water
text: faucet and climb a drain pipe like a Jacob's Ladder.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 2 EXT. SCHOOLYARD - NIGHT 2
text: SLOW PAN as the sound of stray electrical CRACKLING subsides.
text: FRAME comes to rest on the figure of a NAKED MAN kneeling,
text: faced away, in the previously empty yard.
text: He stands, slowly.
text: The man is in his late thirties, tall and powerfully built,
text: moving with graceful precision.
text: C.U. - MAN, his facial features reiterate the power of his
text: body and are dominated by the eyes, which are intense, blue
text: and depthless. His hair is military short.
dialog: This man is the TERMINATOR.
text: He glances down, taking calm inventory of himself, and
text: notices that a fine white ash covers his skin. He brushes
text: at it unconcernedly as he walks toward the fence, scanning
dialog: his surroundings.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 2A/FX CRANE SHOT - SCHOOLYARD/CITY - NIGHT 2A/FX
text: CAMERA MOVES UP as Terminator approaches the schoolyard fence
text: beyond which is an embankment rolling down in darkness to the
text: cityscape below. The school is perched at the edge of a pro-
dialog: montory offering a respectable view of the urban sprawl teem-
text: ing and glistening under a sullen sky. The night clouds are
text: shot through with occasional flashes of LIGHTNING, presaging
dialog: a thunderstorm.
text: Terminator stands, hands on hips in prefect symmetry, gazing
text: down at the city as the CAMERA REACHES FULL HEIGHT.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 3 EXT. PLAYGROUND - NIGHT 3
text: A beer bottle SMASHES on the ground. PULL BACK to include
dialog: its ex-owner and his two compatriots, YOUTH GANG MEMBERS,
text: lounging on the jungle gym of a deserted playground. They
text: sport nondescript PUNK REGALIA...torn T-shirts, fatigue
text: pants, combat boots or high-top sneakers, leather jackets.
text: The leader notices something and sits up.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Hey, hey...what's wrong with
dialog: this picture?
text: ANGLE - REVERSE, seen past the lounging toughs, Terminator
text: walks naked into a pool of streetlight, striding purpose-
text: fully toward them.
text: ANGLE - OVER TERMINATOR'S SHOULDER, as he approaches them.
text: They slide from their perches and drop easily to the ground
dialog: liquid shadows.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Nice night for a walk, eh?
text: Terminator stops right in front of them.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: (without inflec-
dialog: tion)
dialog: Nice night for a walk.
text: They surround him, all swagger and malign good humor.
speaker_heading: SECOND PUNK
dialog: Washday tomorrow, huh? Nothing
dialog: clean, right?
text: Terminator eyes them without expression, unhurried.
dialog: Reptilian.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Nothing clean. Right.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: This guy's a couple bricks
dialog: short.
text: Terminator turn to the second punk, ignoring the
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Your clothes. Give them to me.
text: The punks exchange glances, dismayed.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Now.
speaker_heading: SECOND PUNK
dialog: (bracing)
dialog: Fuck you, asshole.
text: Without warning Terminator hammer-punches him in the temple
text: with blinding speed. The blow flings him with a CLANG into
text: the jungle gym. He drops to the ground in a still heap,
text: eyes open, twitching.
text: The leader whips out his SWITCHBLADE and slashes in one
text: motion. Terminator ducks back and catches the knife-
text: wielder's wrist in an inhuman grip. Then he punches the
text: leader with piledriver force just below the breastbone.
text: ANGLE - PAVEMENT, as the knife clatters down. The punk's
text: combat boots are on tiptoe, barely touching the ground.
text: ANGLE - TWO SHOT, Terminator and the leader are close
text: together as if dancing, but motionless. Their bodies are in
text: total shadow. The punk's eyes are wide, his veins distended
text: with an agonizing pressure. Terminator jerks his fist back
text: with a WET SOUND and the other drops OUT OF FRAME.
text: The last tough is stumbling away, gaping with terror. He
text: backs into a chainlink fence, turns to run along it, finds
text: he is in a corner.
text: Terminator takes a step toward him, his gaze ominous.
text: The punk begins shakily stripping off his clothes.
text: Thunder peals overhead.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 4 EXT. STREET/NEARBY - NIGHT 4
text: A light RAIN begins to fall.
text: Terminator emerges onto the street from the playground,
text: pausing in the pool of light under a streetlight to hike
text: the collar of the punk's jacket.
text: The rain streams down over his face, running into
text: and over his eyes. They do not blink.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 5 EXT. DOWNTOWN STREET/ALLEY - NIGHT 5
text: Another part of the city. Seedy apartments and storefronts.
text: The streets glisten, hissing with sporadic late night traffic.
text: SLOW PAN AND DOLLY into the mouth of a narrow alley lined
text: with trash containers and fire escapes. From a recessed
text: doorway, two filthy legs sprawl out onto the wet pavement.
text: An angry, inarticulate DRUNKARD'S MONOLOGUE rises occasionally
text: above the rain sounds.
text: ANGLE - DOORWAY, The derelict rouses from his bitter stupor
text: as a brilliant purple glare lights up the wet brickwork
text: around him. A shockwave hurls trash into the air.
text: Painted over windows shatter.
text: Rat scurry, blinded.
text: A FIGURE drops INTO FRAME as if out of the sky and smacks
text: the pavement with a muddy splash.
text: C.U. - DERELICT, as he blinks at the fading glare, amazed.
text: A NAKED MAN, compact and muscular, rises in a defensive
text: crouch. KYLE REESE is 22, but his face has been aged by
text: ordeal, the mouth hard, eyes grim. A crinkled burn scar
text: traverses one side of his face from chin to forehead. Other
text: scars, from burns and bullets, mar his hard-muscled body.
text: The rain washes a fine coating of white ash from his skin
text: as electrical ARCS lace back and forth between the fire
text: escapes behind him, HISSING and SPUTTERING. The sound
text: fades, then stops altogether, to be replaced by a rising
dialog: scream of animal agony.
text: Reese lurches to his feet and sprints across the alley.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 5A/FX OMITTED 5A/FX
speaker_heading: 6 OMITTED 6
scene_heading: 7 EXT. FIRE ESCAPE - NIGHT 7
text: CAMERA MOVES WITH REESE as he leaps to the fire escape and
text: clambers up to the first landing to crouch beside another
text: NAKED MAN who appears to be entangled in the ironwork. The
text: man is contorted with pain as his screams die to a shivering
text: gasp. CLOSER ANGLE reveals that he has been skewered through
text: the abdomen by the horizontal iron slats and through the
text: shoulder by a railing. He has materialized in the same
text: space occupied by the fire escape structure. The figure
text: slumps, motionless.
text: Reese quickly checks for signs of life. The man is dead.
text: Reese descend to the alley floor and crosses to the drunk
text: huddled in the doorway.
text: A pair of flamboyantly dressed women, obviously working
text: girls, passes by the alley mouth. They do a double take
text: when they see Reese, but walk on without breaking stride,
text: completely jaded. He's certainly not a potential customer.
text: Reese crouches down as if to speak to the drunk.
speaker_heading: DERELICT
dialog: Say, buddy...did you see a
dialog: real bright light?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 8 EXT. ALLEY/SAME - NIGHT 8
text: A brilliant white glare stabs into the alley mouth as an
text: LAPD cruiser glides slowly by on the street. The search-
text: light illuminates the figure of Reese, crouching over the
text: sprawled drunk, just pulling on the other's trousers.
text: The cruiser chirps to a stop. The doors fly open and two
text: cops leap out.
speaker_heading: FIRST COP
dialog: Hold it, right there!
text: Reese hitches his pants and bolt like a shot. The cops
text: draw their guns and race into the alley after him.
text: HANDHELD CAMERA or PANAGLIDE, rushing with Reese along the
text: narrow alley. He vaults a pile of tumbled trashcans.
text: Whips around a corner. Leaps the hood of a parked car in
dialog: the cross alley.
text: PANAGLIDE PRECEDING COPS, as they snake through the night
dialog: maze.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 9 EXT. CROSS ALLEY - NIGHT 9
text: PANAGLIDE WITH REESE as he hits a chain link gate at a
text: dead run and scrambles over it.
scene_heading: 10 EXT. ALLEY JUNCTION - NIGHT 10
text: WHIP PAN ON COPS, skidding to a stop at the corner in time
text: to see Reese vault the fence. They separate.
text: DOLLY WITH SECOND COP, as he runs to the gate.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 11 EXT. ALLEY/NEARBY - NIGHT 11
text: LOW PANAGLIDE WITH REESE, running full tilt, displaying
dialog: incredible agility.
text: REESE'S POV, the alley walls blur by. The view of a hot-
text: wired rat in an urban maze.
text: C.U. - REESE, CAMERA hugging him as he sprints and turns,
text: alternately front-lit, side-lit and silhouetted as the
text: electric glare of the city wheels about him.
text: ANGLE - ALLEY MOUTH, Reese flashes though intermittent
dialog: cross-lighting in the B.G.
text: Another unit arrives out front and Reese melts back into
text: the alley, only to see a cop round the corner behind him.
text: Sandwiched. Reese crashes into a steel door, rending the
text: lock, and vanishes into the darkness within.
text: The newly arrived cops are a K-9 unit. They open the back
text: door of the squad car to release a large black Doberman.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 12 INT. DEPARTMENT STORE - NIGHT 12
text: Reese finds himself among the display racks of a discount
text: department store. A searchlight stabs in the front
text: window as he dashes into the maze of aisles.
text: Three cops enter behind him through the shattered door.
text: FAST PANAGLIDE WITH REESE, as he crab-runs low among the
text: moving shadows where flashlights quarter the darkness. He
text: bolts the open space behind a display window. Sees the
text: outside searchlight sweep toward him. Freezes.
text: ANGLE - REESE, his feral face frozen among the smooth-
text: featured, smiling mannequins. As the light passes, Reese
text: silently moves on.
text: ANGLE - COP, passing the end of a long aisle B.G. while in
text: the F.G. a hand ENTERS FRAME, removing a knit shirt from a
text: hanger. Reese slips the shirt on quietly and does a fast
text: crab-walk across the aisles to melt into the other racks
text: and shadows, CAMERA MOVING LOW with him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 13 INT. DEPARTMENT STORE/AISLE - NIGHT 13
text: With a shocking GROWL the police dog hurtles out of the
text: shadows, LEAPING RIGHT AT CAMERA.
text: ANGLE - REESE AND DOG, a dark blur with teeth, extremely
text: Doberman, flies toward Reese. He spins. Catches it by
text: the throat in mid-air. Arcs it to the floor with unflinching
dialog: precision.
text: C.U. - DOBERMAN, suddenly on its back and held by the throat,
text: THE DOG YELPS and stares at Reese, who leans very close.
text: Inches from its eyes he fixes it with a gaze of uncompromis-
text: ing dominance. Some ancient communication seems to pass
dialog: between the two.
text: Reese releases the animal and turns his back on it, selecting
text: a long overcoat from a rack. The dog backs away from him,
text: stiff-legged and confused.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 14 INT. DEPARTMENT STORE - NIGHT 14
text: TRACKING WITH REESE as he rounds a corner on the run, still
text: shrugging into his long coat.
text: Running smack at him is another cop, gun aimed.
text: Without slowing, Reese leaps toward him, twisting in mid-air
text: like a cat. The cop FIRES. Misses. Goes down under Reese's
text: tackle and they slide together on the polished floor.
text: Before they even come to rest Reese snatches the cop's gun,
text: aiming it at the other's face two-handed.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: What day is it? The date...
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Thursday...uh...May twelfth.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (viciously)
dialog: What year?
text: A SHOT whines off the metal side of an escalator behind
text: Reese's head. He vaults the escalator rail, leaving the
text: amazed cop lying on the floor.
text: Reese bounds up the frozen steps, pocketing the .38 Police
dialog: Special in his coat.
text: Cops dash through the maze of aisles, converging at the
dialog: escalators.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 15 INT. DEPARTMENT STORE/SECOND FLOOR - NIGHT 15
text: WHIP PANNING WITH REESE, as he hurtles between displays.
text: He stops for a moment beside a rack of shoes. Slaps one of
text: a pair of tennis shoes sole-to-sole against his bare foot.
text: Too small. Another. Holding the shoes he runs on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 16 EXT. SECOND FLOOR FIRE ESCAPE LANDING - NIGHT 16
text: A door opens quietly and Reese slips out.
text: CAMERA TRACKS WITH HIM as he moves like a panther along the
text: narrow catwalk. TILT DOWN to include the first LAPD cruiser
text: parked at the mouth of the alley.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 17 EXT. ALLEY/STREET - NIGHT 17
text: Reese drops cat-like beside the unattended police car.
text: Cautiously, he opens the door of the cruiser, removes the
text: RIOT GUN, an Ithaca pump model, from the dash rack and slips
text: it under his coat. Cradled in a vertical position, the
text: shortened weapon is virtually invisible.
text: He walks out onto the street and away, unhurriedly, an
text: innocuous pedestrian soon lost in the rain.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 18 EXT. STREET/NEARBY - NIGHT 18
text: Reese enters a telephone booth. Harsh light rakes across
text: his face, outlining the long scar. He opens the directory,
text: leafs through it.
text: ANGLE - MACRO ON PAGE, Reese's finger slides down a column.
text: Stops beside the following listings in the big metropolitan
dialog: white pages:
speaker_heading: CONNOR, SARAH
speaker_heading: CONNOR, SARAH ANN
speaker_heading: CONNOR, SARAH J.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 19 EXT. CITY STREET - MORNING 19
text: The night's rain has given way to a typical L.A. morning
dialog: of diffuse sunlight.
text: MOVING WITH A GIRL on a MOPED as she zips through traffic.
text: SARAH CONNER is 19, small and delicate-featured. Pretty in
text: a flawed, accessible way. She doesn't stop the party when
dialog: she walks in, but you'd like to get to know her. Her vulner-
dialog: able quality masks a strength even she doesn't know exists.
text: Sarah maneuvers nimbly, apparently in a hurry.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 20 EXT. BIG BOB'S RESTRAUNT - DAY 20
text: Sarah buzzes into the parking lot of Big Bob's Family
text: Restaurant and chains the moped to the icon of Big Bob
text: himself. The fiberglass cherub holds up his mammoth
dialog: hamburger in perpetual homage to whatever deity watches
dialog: out for fat kids.
text: Sarah removes a stack of college textbooks from the luggage
dialog: carrier and tuns to go into the restaurant.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (to Big Bob)
dialog: Watch this for me, big buns.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 21 INT. BIG BOB'S/DINING AREA 21
text: HIGH WIDE SHOT prominently featuring a VIDEO SURVEILLANCE
text: CAMERA F.G. as Sarah enters below. She passes under another
text: video eye as she crosses the main floor of the wholesomely
text: appointed eatery. Sarah goes through the swinging STAFF
text: doors under a third camera.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 22 INT. MANAGER'S OFFICE 22
text: The office is closet-like, lit by the glow of several
text: security monitors. CHUCK BREEN, day manager, pimply and
text: officious,watches Sarah in an overhead view of the service
text: corridor. He punches a switch and reaches for a microphone
dialog: on a studio gooseneck.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 23 INT. SERVICE CORRIDOR 23
text: Sarah glances up as Breen's voice rasps from a ceiling speaker.
speaker_heading: BREEN (V.O.)
dialog: Sarah?
text: She answers the empty hallway.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Yes, Chuck?
speaker_heading: BREEN
dialog: Come to the office, please.
text: She turns back toward the office door at the end of the
dialog: corridor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 24 MANAGER'S OFFICE 24
text: Sarah opens the door to Breen's closet control center.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Mission control to Chuck,
dialog: come in...
speaker_heading: BREEN
dialog: (without looking
dialog: up)
dialog: You're late.
text: Sarah is undaunted.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Aren't I worth waiting for?
speaker_heading: BREEN
dialog: Not really. Do you think you
dialog: can get here on time if I put
dialog: you on the floor as a waitress?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: I don't know. I kinda had
dialog: my heart set on being a
dialog: cashier the rest of my life.
speaker_heading: BREEN
dialog: The pay's the same but you'll
dialog: make more in tips.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Thanks, Chuck. I need the
dialog: money. Can I still work the
dialog: hours around my classes?
text: Breen turns to punch up a display on the restaurant's
text: small accounting computer. Sarah looks over his shoulder
text: as he modifies the week's schedule.
speaker_heading: BREEN
dialog: Mmm. Same schedule's okay.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Alright!
speaker_heading: BREEN
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: Can you handle it?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It's not brain surgery,
dialog: Chuck.
text: Breen hands her an apron ceremoniously.
speaker_heading: BREEN
dialog: Here you go. You're a
dialog: Bob's Girl now. Nancy
dialog: will check you out.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I won't let the fat kid down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 25 OMITTED 25
scene_heading: 26 INT. LOCKER ROOM - DAY 26
text: ANGLE - TIGHT ON LOCKER DOOR as it slams shut, revealing
dialog: Sarah transformed into a "Bob's Girl".
text: Her hair is in a bun.
text: White blouse. Short flared skirt and apron with a bow.
text: She resembles a suburbanized peasant maid looking for a
dialog: goat to milk.
text: Sarah confronts her reflection in the mirror, pondering
dialog: its absurdity.
text: She pinches her sheeks.
text: Smiles vacuously.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hi, I'm Sarah and I'll be
dialog: you waitress.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'm so wholesome, I could
dialog: puke.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 27 EXT. PARKING LOT - DAY 27
text: TIGHT ON CAR SIDE WINDOW, as a figure approaches, reflected
text: in the glass. A fist punches through the window, shattering
text: it. The thief unlocks the door and gets behind the wheel.
dialog: It's Terminator.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 28 INT. YELLOW MAVERICK - DAY 28
text: With a blow from the heel of his hand Terminator smashes loose
text: the ignition assembly and strips the wires with a brutal
text: twist of his fingers. Touching the proper wires he starts
dialog: the car.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 28A EXT. PAWN SHOP - DAY 28A
text: Terminator walks past the long display window of an
text: enormous pawnshop emporium. Signs declare, among other
text: things, GUNS and AMMO is red block letters.
text: Terminator passes the appliance section, and the pictures
text: on a row of TV sets distort and break-up sequentially as
text: he walks by, returning to normal behind him.
text: He enters the store.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 29 INT. PAWN SHOP - DAY 29
text: TIGHT ON GLASS COUNTERTOP as an AR-180 ASSAULT RIFLE WITH
text: SCOPE is laid beside a number of other guns: a COLT K-
scene_heading: MODEL .45 ACP, a SMITH AND WESSON .38 FOUR-INCH, a BERETTA
dialog: .225 ACP.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR (V.O.)
dialog: ...the Remington 1100 Autoloader...
text: WIDE as the CLERK, who looks like a sick lizard, pallid
text: and paunchy, takes the rifle from a wall rack. He lays it
dialog: beside the arsenal of perfectly legal anti-human artillery
text: already on the glass counter.
dialog: Terminator scans expressionlessly for additional selec-
dialog: tions.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Anything else?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: A phased plasma pulse-laser in
dialog: the forty watt range...
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Just what you see, pal.
text: He indicates the display case and wall racks with a
dialog: minimal gesture.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: The Uzi 9 millimeter.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (setting it out)
dialog: You know your weapons, buddy.
text: Terminator examines each in turn, working the actions with
text: curt, precise movements.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Any one of them's ideal for
dialog: home defense. Which'll it be?
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: All.
text: The clerk digs deep and finds a scrap of a smile.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Maybe I'll close early.
dialog: Cash or charge?
text: Instead of replying, Terminator takes a box of shotgun shells
text: from a stack on the display case.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Sorry, I can't sell the ammo
dialog: with the guns. You'll have
dialog: to---Hey!
text: Terminator has calmly begun feeding the shells into the
dialog: shotgun.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You can't to that...
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: Wrong.
text: He raises the barrel and pulls the trigger. The gun THUNDERS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 30 EXT. GAS STATION/PHONE BOOTH - DAY 30
text: The yellow Maverick pulls to a stop beside a single phone
dialog: booth.
text: MOVING WITH TERMINATOR, as he gets out, walks to the booth
text: and rapidly pulls its occupant out by his greasy T-shirt,
text: flinging him backward into the parking lot. The guy is
text: bear-like, slab-handed, but Terminator doesn't even glance
text: back as he steps in to take the man's place.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: Hey, man...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 31 PHONE BOOTH
text: A woman's voice, a faint reedy monologue, issues from the
dialog: dangling receiver.
text: Terminator leafs rapidly through the directory.
scene_heading: ANGLE - C.U. PAGES FLIPPING
text: ANGLE - MACRO SHOT, as Terminator's finger comes to rest
dialog: beside a now-familiar listing:
speaker_heading: CONNOR, SARAH
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 32 INT. BIG BOB'S/DINING AREA
text: Sarah is bustling about, trying to service the start of
text: the dinner rush. In waitress parlance, she's 'in it'.
text: She runs the gauntlet between tables, precariously balancing
text: two full dinner plates on one arm and hand-carrying a
text: third. A customer tugs on her apron for attention and she
text: barely averts contributing the chili size to his wardrobe.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Honey, can I get that coffee
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Yes sir, just a second.
text: She reaches her table after near collisions with a Mexican
text: busboy and two teenage girls doing cheerleading routines
dialog: in lock-step.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Who gets the Burly Burger?
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER TWO
dialog: I ordered Barbecue Beef.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER THREE
dialog: Does mine come with fires?
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER FOUR
dialog: He's got the Barbecue Beef,
dialog: I've got a Chili-Beef Deluxe.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Okay, who gets the Burly Beef?
scene_heading: CUSTOMER AT NEXT TABLE
dialog: Miss, we're ready to order.
text: In the process of setting down all the plates Sarah knocks
text: over someone's water glass.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (mopping fran-
dialog: tically)
dialog: Oh, sorry. That's not real
dialog: leather, is it?
text: As she cleans up the spill, a kid at the next booth reaches
text: over and dumps a scoop of ice cream into the top pouch of
dialog: Sarah's apron
text: She stares down at the mess melting over her hard-earned
text: and sags with defeat. NANCY, a plump, gum-chewing waitress,
text: stops beside her to whisper.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Look at it this way: in a
dialog: hundred years, who's gonna
dialog: care?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 33 EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - DAY
text: ANGLE on a standard-issue L.A. suburban street with kids
dialog: racing Big Wheels B.G.
text: LOW ANGLE with the FRAME comprising a single house, toy-
text: littered lawn and mailbox. EXTREME F.G., by the curb, is
text: a CHILD'S PLASTIC TRUCK.
text: There is the sound of a CAR ENGINE approaching, and the
text: front of the yellow Maverick appears, stopping at the curb.
text: Its front tire CRUSHES the toy.
text: PANAGLIDE ON TERMINATOR, preceding him as he steps out of the
text: car, pauses by the mailbox to check the name, and strides
dialog: toward the house.
text: A YOUNG BOY, playing in the driveway, watches him pass. The
text: boy's DOG, a small Terrier, growls low and mean, crouching
dialog: back from Terminator.
text: He rings the doorbell and waits, motionless.
text: The door opens a few inches, held by a security chain,
text: revealing a frail MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN in apron and rubber
dialog: cleaning gloves.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Sarah Connor?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: No, she's upstairs. Who
dialog: shall I say is--
text: Terminator breaks the chain and pushes past her as if she
dialog: didn't exist.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 33A INT. HOUSE/FOYER 33A
text: PANAGLIDE ON TERMINATOR, preceding his as he crosses the
text: foyer and mounts the stairs. The woman starts after him.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: What do you think you're--
dialog: My God!
text: She gasps and stops in her tracks as Terminator smoothly
text: pulls the .45 from under his jacket and snaps the cocking
dialog: slide.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (screeching)
dialog: Oh my God...Sarah!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 33B INT. BEDROOM 33B
text: Installed on her bed for an afternoon of 'soaps' is the
text: WRONG SARAH CONNOR. ELECTRODE PADS exercise her doughy
text: thighs as the 35 year old divorcee watches "GENERAL HOSPITAL".
text: She calls out distractedly:
speaker_heading: WRONG SARAH CONNOR
dialog: What is it, Mom?
text: She jumps as the door BANGS open. And stares in dumb
text: amazement as the good-looking, intense-eyed man in the
text: strange clothes raises a pistol.
text: And aims it at her face.
text: It all seems less real than "GENERAL HOSPITAL" in that
text: half-second before he FIRES.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 33C INT. FOYER 33C
text: The mother is fumbling with a telephone when she hears
text: the SHOT. The silence stretches for several BEATS. Then
text: FIVE MORE SHOTS are heard.
text: The woman screams and drops the phone as she stares upward.
text: ANGLE ON CEILING above her. With each successive shot a
text: chuck of plaster explodes off the ceiling.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 33D INT. BEDROOM 33D
text: LOW ANGLE ON TERMINATOR, standing with the .45 aimed
text: down at the dead woman, just OUT OF FRAME on the floor.
text: He unhurriedly removes the spent clip, reloads the weapon
text: and replaces it under his jacket.
text: Crouching down, he turns the woman's body over, confirming
dialog: that she is dead.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 33E INT. FOYER 33E
text: The mother is frantically dialing the phone. She mis-
text: dials, starts over. Then stops as she hears the bedroom
dialog: door open.
text: Terminator stands at the head of the stairs.
text: His hand is bloody where he grasped the dead woman's
dialog: shoulder.
text: He starts down the stairs.
text: The mother stands paralyzed, unable to breathe.
text: He reaches the main floor and walks toward her.
text: She edges into a corner, eyes wide.
text: He reaches out.
text: And wipes his hands clean on her apron.
text: Terminator walks out, without expression, leaving the
text: woman to sag to the floor in a faint.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 34 INT./EXT. SERVICE TUNNEL - DAY 34
text: TIGHT ON KYLE REESE'S HANDS as they make the last few
text: strokes with a hacksaw to sever the wooden stock from
text: the riot gun. It clatters to the ground, leaving a short
text: stump, like a pistol grip.
text: CUT WIDER as Reese hefts the weapon. He is crouched in
text: an underground service tunnel below a busy street. Shadows
text: of people walking across a grating in the sidewalk above
text: him flicker past. They can't see him in the darkness below
text: their feet as he checks the gun's action carefully. He
text: slips it under his overcoat where it hangs from a jerry-
text: rigged sling.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 35 EXT. STREET - DAY 35
text: Reese emerges from a stairwell behind a service station,
text: his overcoat done up to the top button.
text: He walks through the sparse morning crowd on the cluttered,
text: overbuilt commercial street.
text: He is out of sync.
text: A stranger in a strange land.
text: He holds himself tightly reined, cautious and feral as he
text: moves among the unconcerned pedestrians.
text: His eyes flick rapidly about.
text: He is seeing this Babylon for the first time.
text: Reese stops at a hole-in-the-wall take-out stand. He
text: watches people walk away with food. Moves closer.
text: Scrutinizes the next man as he orders.
speaker_heading: TAKE-OUT CUSTOMER
dialog: Gimme a falafel with yogurt
dialog: dressing and, uh, Baco-bits.
text: The counterman hands him his food and change wordlessly
text: as Reese steps up.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Gimme a falafel with, uh,
dialog: yogurt and Baco-bits.
text: The counterman barely looks up as he passes the mess
dialog: through the window.
speaker_heading: COUNTERMAN
dialog: That'll be one-sixty.
text: He glances up and Reese is gone. He leans half out the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: COUNTERMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hey! Son-of-a-bitch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 35 EXT. ALLEY - DAY 35
text: Reese crouches in an alley, out of sight of passersby,
text: wolfing his food. The sauce runs down his sleeve but he
dialog: doesn't notice.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 35A INT. BIG BOB'S/DINING AREA - DAY 35A
text: An old man with a shrunken, ungenerous face scowls at
text: the menu as Sarah wipes the tabletop in front of him.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I haven't seen you in here
dialog: lately, Mr. Miller.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: What's it to ya?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You must have a girlfriend.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: That's none of your business.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Aha! Is she young?
text: Mr. Miller lowers his menu and glares at her.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: Compared to me she is. How
dialog: come you're not at the cash
dialog: anymore? They catch ya steal-
dialog: ing?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: What's it to ya?
text: When she leaves, the old man is grinning, behind the menu,
text: where no one can see him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 36 INT. BIG BOB'S/SERVICE CORRIDOR 36
text: Sarah rounds the corner, walking fast as she undoes her
text: apron. She calls out to the walls without looking up.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'm on break, Chuck. Carla's
dialog: got my station.
text: As she approaches the locker room where the girls take
text: their coffee breaks, the door bursts open and Nancy
dialog: beckons to Sarah.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: Hurry up. It's about you...
dialog: I mean sort of...Come on!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 37 INT. BIG BOB'S/BREAK ROOM 37
text: Nancy guides Sarah to the small black and white portable
text: TV in the corner. Two other girls, smoking cigarettes
text: with their shoes off and nyloned feet on the table, are
text: already watching. One glances at Sarah.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Hey, Sarah. This is weird.
text: They huddle around the set, intent on a newscast in progress.
speaker_heading: TV ANCHORWOMAN
dialog: ...and a police spokesman at
dialog: the scene refused to speculate
dialog: on a motive for the execution-
dialog: style slaying of the Encino
dialog: housewife. He did however say
dialog: that an accurate description of
dialog: the suspect has been compiled
dialog: from several witnesses. Once
dialog: again, Sarah Connor, thirty-five,
dialog: mother of two, brutally shot to
dialog: death in her home this afternoon.
text: As the news grinds on, Sarah gazes unseeingly at the screen.
text: Nancy claps her on the shoulder, laughing.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: You're dead, honey.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 38 EXT. HEALTH CLUB - DUSK 38
text: Sunlight is dying when Sarah swings her moped to the curb
text: in front of the 'GOOD LIFE SPA', a large, crowded health
dialog: club.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 39 INT. HEALTH CLUB/AEROBICS STUDIO 39
text: MUSIC BOOMS and masses of leotarded cellulite sway in close
text: F.G. as CAMERA DOLLIES along a row of panting, stretching
text: women. In deep B.G. Sarah slips in through the door and
text: waits against the wall while the human dynamo, GINGER VENTURA,
text: leads the class energetically. Ginger, Sarah's roommate,
text: is a party-stopper. Red-haired, athletic, sensuous. She's
text: pretty enough when still, but stunning in motion. And she's
dialog: in motion.
text: Ginger yells commands and cheerfully dives into contortions
text: to the BEAT of a MOTOWN FAVORITE.
text: MARCO, a handsome, well-defined guy wearing a tight STAFF
text: T-shirt, strolls up for a drink at the water fountain next
dialog: to Sarah.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Hi. I've seen you around.
dialog: You're cute. Cute I remember.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'm Sarah. Ginger's roommate.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Yeah, right. I'm Marco.
text: The dance tape ends.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: ...and three aaand four! And
dialog: that's it ladies! Now, didn't
dialog: that feel good?
text: The group collapses ensemble. A chorus of groans.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Let's think positive or next
dialog: time I'll play the FM version.
text: Ginger walks over to Sarah as the class disperses. Marco
text: is leaning on the wall next to Sarah, who is enjoying the
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: ...yeah, really? Say some-
dialog: thing in Italian.
text: Before Marco can reply, Ginger pulls the front of his gym
text: shorts out and peers down. She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: You're wasting your time, kiddo.
dialog: Let's go.
text: She grabs Sarah by the arm and pulls her out the door.
text: Sarah catches a glimpse of Marco's expression over her
text: shoulder as the door closes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 40 INT. HEALTH CLUB/STAIRS AND CORRIDOR 40
text: PANAGLIDE WITH THE TWO GIRLS, as they descend to the first
dialog: floor and enter a hallway
text: Sarah is gasping with laughter.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: I don't believe you did that.
text: Ginger is adjusting her ever-present WALKMAN-TYPE CASSETTE
text: PLAYER at her hip. She slips on the earphones as they walk
dialog: along.
text: Sarah feigns outrage.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I had him hooked. He was
dialog: just about to ask me out.
dialog: I could tell.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: That guy's a jerk. I did
dialog: you a favor.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'll do the same for you
dialog: sometime.
text: Sarah laughs and claps her friend on the back. They turn
text: in at a door marked WEIGHT ROOM.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 41 INT. WEIGHT ROOM 41
text: SEVERAL ANGLES, on glistening arms, legs, torsos merging
text: into bio-mechanical kinetic sculptures with the chrome-steel
text: levers and tubes. The CRASH and SQUEAL of metal against
dialog: metal.
text: In F.G., two Conan-esque arms thrust upward, glistening.
text: Ginger's boyfriend, MATT McCALLISTER, the assistant manager
text: of the club, strains out his last reps, bench-pressing
text: enormous weight on the Nautilus machine.
text: Despite his imposing appearance, Matt is one of the warmest
dialog: people you'd ever want to meet.
text: His face is contorted, muscles knotted for the last push.
text: He heaves it up with a guttural cry.
text: Lowering his weights with a CLANG, Matt lies panting, arms
text: dangling at his side, eyes closed.
text: A pair of female legs appear.
speaker_heading: GINGER (V.O.)
dialog: What's this? Sleep therapy?
text: Matt opens his eyes.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You think somebody's gonna
dialog: do this for you? Look at
dialog: those shriveled bi's. And
dialog: you haven't worked lat's or
dialog: ab's since Wednesday.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Hello, sweetheart. Had a
dialog: rough day?
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: (softening)
dialog: Come here, wimp.
text: She leans down as he sits up and they meet in a kiss that's
dialog: bad for the other guys' discipline.
text: Sarah waits until they break the clinch to speak.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hi, Matt.
text: Matt look backwards over the bench, and replies, upside-down.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (grinning broadly)
dialog: Heeey! It's my favorite
dialog: Sarah. Hi, babe.
text: Ginger pulls the pin on Mat's weights and re-inserts it
text: beneath the entire stack, the maximum weight.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Alright, warm-ups are over.
dialog: Back to work, Bunky.
text: Ginger readadjusts her headphones as the two girls walk away.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: 'Bye beautiful. You too,
dialog: Ginger.
text: Two weightlifters nearby look at each other, than at Matt.
speaker_heading: WEIGHTLIFTER
dialog: Bunky?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 42 EXT. HEALTH CLUB/STREETS - DUSK 42
text: Sarah lurches away from the curb on her moped, almost
text: spilling Ginger who is attempting to ride double. They
text: swing out onto a main thoroughfare and careen through
text: the bumper-to-bumper traffic.
text: Sarah maneuvers deftly though overloaded and unstable.
text: Ginger doesn't know whether to laugh of scream at the
dialog: near-misses.
dialog: She does both.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 43 OMITTED 43
scene_heading: 44 EXT. STREET/CONSTRUCTION SIGHT - DUSK
text: On a side street the girls pass an excavation site between
text: high-rises. They pass OUT OF FRAME as CAMERA HOLDS on the
text: construction area and Ginger's shrieks fade.
text: In the F.G., under an overpass, Reese sits is a car watching
text: the powerful machines moving earth.
text: He's in a late-model non-descript GREY SEDAN, one of a row
text: of cars gathering dirt beside the construction site.
text: Crab-armed back-hoes and massive caterpillars ROAR through
text: a curtain of dust, under intense floodlights. A power-shovel
text: moves its great arm, lighting its own way with an arc-light.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 45 INT. GREY SEDAN 45
text: Reese sits motionless in the dark. Waiting. The clock in
text: the dash ticks quietly.
text: He flips on the radio. A fatuous POP ROCK STATION.
text: Reese fishes a magazine off the dirty floor. His over-
text: coat is off, draped over the shotgun on the seat beside
dialog: him.
text: His bare arms are sinewy and scarred.
text: Reese flips the page of COSMOPOLITAN.
text: He look at the glossy photos, the glossy women.
text: Fantasy women. Svelte and seamless.
dialog: The ads fascinate him too: Caribbean vacations and blended
dialog: whiskeys.
text: His head sags against the door.
text: He gazes dully at the tracks of a passing CATERPILLAR as they
text: chew through the dirt.
text: The ROAD and CLATTER of treads intensifies as his eyes close.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 46 EXT. MELTED RUINS - NIGHT 46
text: TIGHT ON A GLEAMING STEEL TREAD as it grinds through debris.
text: The debris is ferroconcrete, girders, and jackstraw heaps of
text: HUMAN BONES, burned black.
text: There is the sound of EXPLOSIONS, distant, and an intermittent
text: electronic WHINE. Incredibly bright searchlights play over
text: the ground. PANNING with the moving treads through twisted
dialog: wreckage, F.G.
text: The screen WHITES OUT with a BLAST, very close. As the
text: debris clatters down, a helmetted head snaps up into FRAME,
speaker_heading: EXTREME F.G.
text: The visor of the HIGH-TECH HELMET is shattered, presumably
text: by the explosion. The wearer rips it off, revealing a
text: younger Reese, minus his burn scar.
text: His face is bathed in sweat, lit by the glow from a CRT
text: SCOPE-SIGHT on a strange-looking rifle.
text: The sound of SCREAMS and HOARSE SHOUTS not far off, and a
text: continuous low murmuring of RADIO CHATTER, grid coordinates,
dialog: casualties, unit placements, medic requests.
text: Reese looks over his shoulder at his teammate, a GIRL
text: of about sixteen, gaunt, dirty, heavily armed like himself.
text: DOLLYING as they start to belly crawl through the bones
dialog: and wreckage.
text: Reese looks up.
text: Through spires of a collapsed building a terrifying
text: SPHINX-LIKE SHAPE moves against the sky...obscured by dust
text: and blinding sweeps of its searchlights.
dialog: Though we see little, this is an H-K,Hunter-Killer
dialog: mobile ground-unit.
text: Reese crawls, pacing the H-K, under and through, on elbows
text: and knees, past mounds of charred skulls. They
text: pass the BODY OF A CHILD, a boy of about 10, center-
text: punched with a smoking hole. The boy clutches a rifle.
text: More bodies. Some in rags, some in uniforms like theirs.
text: WOMEN. OLD MEN. CHILDREN. They're all dirty and gaunt,
text: scabrous. And still bleeding. Reese scrabbles past a
text: dark rat-hole and there are human rats in it. Some of them
text: are sobbing, or screaming.
text: Another EXPLOSION.
text: The GLARE lights the huddled few.
dialog: Human vermin with mud-caked weapons that haven't been
text: invented yet. Soldiers in a nightmare war.
text: Reese and his teammate stop behind a blasted wall, having
text: outflanked the massive H-K. Its flashing blue lights flick
text: across the walls, its searchlights sear through the
dialog: debris.
text: WIDER, showing the H-K more clearly...a blast-scarred
text: CHROME LEVIATHON, with hydraulic arms folded mantis-like
text: against its 'torso', and huge underslung GUN TURRETS.
text: Reese leaps up and straight-arms a satchel-charge into its
text: path. One tread rolls over the explosive.
text: Guns and searchlights swivel. The head turns ponderously.
text: Reese's partner rises, poised to throw hers.
text: A POWER-BOLT catches her at the top of her arc, BLOWING
text: HER INTO RED MIST.
text: Reese is knocked down by the concussion. Gets up, running,
dialog: as the charges blow.
text: The H-K's tread carriers are RIPPED APART.
text: It lurches to a stop, burning.
text: The following SEQUENCE is extremely FORESHORTENED.
scene_heading: CUT FAST. IMPRESSIONS ONLY.
dialog: Running.
text: Explosions light the ruins like flashbulbs.
text: ENERGY WEAPONS criss-cross the night like tracers.
text: LOW ANGLE, up past the burning H-K as its flying counter-
text: part, an AERIAL H-K, arcs into view with a TURBOJET WHINE.
text: Reese hauls two survivors of his unit into a PERSONNEL
text: CARRIER, a CHEVY CAMARO with steel plate welded over it and
text: the roof cut away to access the 50 CALIBER MACHINE GUN.
text: It's stripped and rusted and bullet-riddled, glassless.
text: The TIRES are OFF-ROAD and very gnarly.
text: They're driving through the ruins, up and over and through.
dialog: Reese drives like a demon. Under other circumstances it
dialog: would be considered insane. Here it is merely very good.
text: The machine gun CHATTERS.
text: A BLACK SHAPE descends, a demon with searchlights.
text: A BOLT OF LIGHT.
text: Reese's car flips like a kicked beer can, rolling and
text: crumpling. He's pinned in the wreck, bloody, screaming
text: despite his training. The only other survivor, an
dialog: emaciated BOY of twelve, is pulling for all he's worth
text: to drag Reese out before it burns.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 47 EXT. STREET/GREY SEDAN - NIGHT 47
text: CLOSE ON A BOY, about twelve, clean and healthy, wearing
text: a blue plastic DODGERS HELMET. He reaches through the
dialog: window of the sedan.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Hey, mister...?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 48 INT. GREY SEDAN 48
text: Reese's eyes open in a split-second, and suddenly there
text: is a SHOTGUN MUZZLE AIMED RIGHT AT US.
text: Reese quivers with a curious spasm, similar to the tremors
text: of his arrival, and blinks at the boy.
text: The boy is white-faced, staring down the bore. He backs
text: away. We see that he is straddling a bicycle.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 49 EXT. GREY SEDAN - NIGHT 49
text: The boy's SISTER, slightly younger and also on a bicycle,
text: can't see the shotgun from where she's waiting.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: (taunting)
dialog: See, I told you he wasn't
dialog: dead. You owe me Baskin
dialog: Robbins.
text: The boy rides past her list a shot.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: Come on. Just come on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 50 INT. GREY SEDAN 50
text: Reese relaxes slowly, the voltage draining out of him.
text: INSERT - MACRO, Reese's finger on the trigger is white
text: with pressure. He slips the safety to the OFF position.
text: The gun can now be fired.
text: He sets it on the seat and reaches for the dangling ignition
text: wires, starting the car.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 51 EXT. STREET/OVERPASS - NIGHT 51
text: Lit by streetlights, the car moves away with it lights
text: off and vanishes in the shadows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 52 OMITTED 52
scene_heading: 53 INT. SARAH'S APARTMENT/BATHROOM/LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 53
text: Sarah and Ginger are crammed into the tiny bathroom,
text: becoming inextricably tangled in each other's cords as
text: they blow-dry, curl hair, and apply make-up. Ginger
text: has her headphones inverted under her chin but in place,
text: and is bouncing to music as she dries her hair. She is
text: wearing a short terry-cloth bathrobe that reveals the
text: greater part of her legs. Sarah is in a skirt and bra.
text: The phone rings and Sarah goes out into the living room
dialog: to get it.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (answering the
dialog: phone)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (on phone, deep
dialog: and breathy)
dialog: First I'm going to rip the
dialog: buttons off your blouse, one
dialog: by one...then run my tongue
dialog: along your neck, down to your
text: bare, gleaming breasts...
text: Sarah cups her hand over the mouthpiece and calls out
dialog: matter-of-factly:
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Ginger! It's Matt.
text: She resumes listening.
speaker_heading: MATT (V.O.)
dialog: ...and then slowly pull your
dialog: jeans off inch by inch and
dialog: lick your belly in circles,
dialog: further and further down...
dialog: then I'll pull off your panties
dialog: with my teeth...
text: Sarah is repressing laughter.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (crossly)
dialog: Who is this?
text: Silence. Then Matt realizes to his horror who he's been
dialog: talking to.
speaker_heading: MATT (V.O.)
dialog: Oh my God! Sarah! Oh, shit.
dialog: Jesus, I'm sorry. I thought
dialog: you were...Can I talk to Ginger?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Sure, Bunky.
text: As Ginger approaches, Sarah hands her the receiver and
text: goes into the bedroom.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: MATT (V.O.)
dialog: First I'm gonna rip the buttons
dialog: off your blouse...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 54 BEDROOM
text: Sarah picks up four blouses on hanger lying on the bed
text: and goes back into the hallway.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 55 INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Ginger is still listening to Matt, nodding, as Sarah enters
text: and starts holding the blouses against herself one by one
dialog: for Ginger's inspection.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: (covering mouth-
dialog: piece)
dialog: Great.
text: Sarah hold up another one.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: How about this?
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You're a big help.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: (advisory tone)
dialog: Alright, the beige one.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I hate the beige one.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: (same advisory
dialog: tone)
dialog: Don't wear the beige one.
text: Sarah gathers up the blouses and walks out.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: This guy's probably a schmuck
dialog: and I don't care what I wear.
text: A couple of BEATS, and she's back in the doorway with
dialog: a concerned expression.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You think the beige?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 56 EXT. VENICE STREET - NIGHT
text: An unmarked car with a clamp-on light and siren blaring
text: screeches to the curb behind two marked black-and-whites
text: in front of a funky Venice apartment building. A small
text: crowd is gathered around the front steps. LIEUTENANT
text: ED VUKOVICH, Homicide Division, gets out of the car and
text: strides through the crowd. He's fiftyish, short, but
text: square and solid, a human bulldog gone a little to paunch.
text: He chews Juicy Fruit gum like a maniac: a chain-chewer.
dialog: He's homely as an old boot. And he's not a smart cop, he's
text: a wise one; rarer still. The onlookers, gathered patiently
dialog: for their ten second glimpse of something under a sheet,
dialog: separate for him to pass.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 57 INT. VENICE APARTMENT BUILDING/STAIRWELL/APARTMENT
text: CAMERA PANAGLIDES AHEAD OF VUKOVICH, as he climbs the switch-
text: back staircase two steps at a time. He passes TWO UNIFORMED
text: COPS at the doorway of a second-floor apartment, and enters
text: to find a quiet flurry of activity. Several DETECTIVES and
text: a PHOTOGRAPHER prowl around, taking evidence, taking pictures.
text: In the center of the living room floor is the body of a
text: young woman, crumpled face down in a small lake of blood.
text: Two bags of groceries lie split open on the floor in front
dialog: of her.
text: Vukovich glances up as he is joined by DETECTIVE SGT.
text: TRAXLER. Traxler is black, lean and very jaded.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: Give me the short version.
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: Six shots at less than ten
dialog: feet. Weapon was a large
dialog: caliber--
text: Vukovich is looking at the body.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: No shit.
text: Traxler turns to a passing DETECTIVE.
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: Come on. man. Don't track
dialog: it all over. It's un-
dialog: professional.
text: He turn back to Vukovich, gesturing at the body.
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Okay, let's see...Got a pos-
dialog: itive on her. She's Sarah
dialog: Connor, works as a legal--
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: That can't be right. That's
dialog: the name of the one Valley
dialog: Division mopped up this after-
dialog: noon.
text: Traxler slips something off his clipboard and hands
dialog: it to the Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: Here's her driver's license.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: (pondering)
dialog: You gotta be kidding me. The
dialog: new guys'll be short-stroking
dialog: it over this one. A one-day
dialog: pattern killer.
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: I hate the weird ones.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 58 INT. SARAH'S APARTMENT/BATHROOM 58
text: Sarah poses with Ginger in front of the mirror. They are
text: dressed, made-up, hair-styled and READY.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: (studying their
dialog: reflection)
dialog: Better than mortal man deserves.
text: Sarah grins and goes into the other room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 59 INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Sarah walks around the room, searching for something.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Ginger, have you seen Pugsley?
text: Ginger enters, stopping beside their phone answering machine.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Not lately. Did you check
dialog: messages?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (still looking)
dialog: I thought you did.
text: She checks under the couch, then behind the drapes. She
dialog: bends down.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (from beside cur-
dialog: tains)
dialog: Come here young man. Mind
dialog: your mother.
text: C.U. - PUGSLEY, as the GREEN IGUANA cocks its head, blinking
dialog: vapidly.
text: RESUME WIDE, Sarah lifts the three foot long lizard from his
text: perch on the windowsill. She gives the complacent reptile
text: a kiss on its blunt snout.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: (groaning)
dialog: Totally nauseating.
text: Sarah drapes the lizard across her shoulders where it sits
text: contentedly as she looks for her purse. Ginger has been
text: rewinding the message tape. She punches PLAY and a MALE
speaker_heading: VOICE is heard.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (recorded)
dialog: Hi, Sarah...Stan Morsky.
dialog: Uh, something's come up and
dialog: it looks like I won't be able
dialog: to make it tonight. I'm really
dialog: sorry. Call you in a day or so.
dialog: Sorry. 'Bye.
text: Sarah stands still, crestfallen.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: That bum. So what if he has
dialog: a Porsche, he can't treat you
dialog: like that...it's Friday night
dialog: for crissakes.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (slumping)
dialog: I'll live.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: I'll break his kneecaps.
text: Sarah resignedly slips Pugsley off her shoulders.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You still love me, don't
dialog: you, Pugsley?
text: She places Pugsley in a large terrarium with a 'BEWARE OF
text: DOG' sign taped on the side.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I'm going to a movie, kiddo.
dialog: See ya'. You and Matt have
dialog: a good time.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: (as Sarah exits)
dialog: We will, kiddo.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 60 INT. PARKING GARAGE - NIGHT
text: Sarah is a small figure in the shadowed echoing garage of
dialog: her building.
text: CONVERGING DOLLY, PACING HER, as she passes the stalls with
dialog: their inky shadows.
text: The light near her moped is out.
text: She fumbles in the dark to unlock the chain.
text: She looks up.
dialog: Did she hear something...masked by the rattle of the chain?
dialog: POV - SARAH, there is no movement for the length of the
dialog: garage.
text: ON SARAH - C.U., inexplicably nervous.
text: She stows the chain and starts the bike. It whines
dialog: reassuringly.
text: Sarah jumps on and whirs out of the garage.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 61 INT. CAR/NEARBY - NIGHT 61
text: Sarah is visible through the windshield as she pulls onto
dialog: the street.
text: PAN WITH HER to reveal Kyle Reese, hunched down in shadow,
text: watching. He puts the car in gear and pulls out to follow
text: her receding tail-light.
text: Streetlights flash across his face, in stark-lines profile.
text: Mouth cruel where the scar tugs at it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 62 INT. DIVISION HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT 62
text: DOLLYING WITH VUKOVICH and TRAXLER, as they pass through a
dialog: group of REPORTERS. Mostly newspaper stringers but there
text: is also one bored local TV MINICAM CREW.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: ...Lieutenant, are you aware
dialog: that these two killings occurred
dialog: in the same order as their listings
dialog: in the phone book?
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: No comment.
text: He and Traxler enter their office and shut the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 63 VUKOVICH'S OFFICE 63
text: Vukovich drops his gun in the wastebasket, picks up a cup
text: of coffee from his desk and uses it to wash down a handful
text: of aspirins. Traxler grimaces.
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: That stuff's two hours cold.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: (nodding ab-
dialog: sently)
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: (eyeing him)
dialog: I put a cigarette out in it.
text: Vukovich, lost in thought, turns on him suddenly.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: Did you reach the next girl
dialog: yet?
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: No. Keep getting an answer-
dialog: ing machine.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: Send a unit.
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: I already did. No answer at
dialog: the door and the apartment
dialog: manager's out. I'm keeping
dialog: them there.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: Call her.
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: I just called.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: Call her again.
text: Traxler picks up the phone and begins to dial her number
text: as Vukovich sets down his coffee cup, unwraps a stick of
text: gum and pops it in his mouth.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Got a cigarette?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 64 INT. SARAH'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 64
text: CLOSE ON PHONE, connected to the answering machine. The
text: outgoing message trigger after the second ring.
speaker_heading: GINGER'S VOICE
dialog: (machine V.O.)
dialog: Hi there.
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: Ha ha ha, fooled you. You're
dialog: talking to a machine, but don't
dialog: by shy, it's okay. Machines need
dialog: love too, so talk to it and Ginger,
dialog: that's me, or Sarah will get back
dialog: to you. Wait for the beep.
text: As the message plays, CAMERA DOLLIES OFF the phone machine
text: and down the corridor of the dark apartment. As the bedroom
text: door draws near, Ginger's recorded voice fades and is super-
speaker_heading: ceded by CRIES and MOANS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 65 INT. BEDROOM 65
text: FULL SHOT, framed against the streetlit curtains, Ginger and
text: Matt from a beautiful tableau of lovemaking in silhouette.
text: Their perfect bodies glisten with backlight as they strain
dialog: in passion.
text: CLOSER - TIGHT TWO, revealing that Ginger is wearing her
text: earphones. Matt, without breaking rhythm, reaches out to
text: the night table and thumbs the volume higher.
text: Ginger cries out louder, apparently enjoying his sure touch
dialog: on her volume control.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 66 INT. DIVISION HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT 66
text: Traxler hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: Same shit.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: I can hear it now, it's gonna
dialog: be the goddamned 'Phone Book
dialog: Killer'.
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: I hate the press cases.
dialog: Especially the weird press
dialog: cases. Where you going?
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: (heading for
dialog: the door)
dialog: To make a statement. I'm gonna
dialog: give them the name. Maybe the
dialog: jackals can help us out for
dialog: once.
text: He looks at his watch, then straightens his tie.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: If they can get this on the
dialog: tube by eleven, she may just
dialog: call us.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: How do I look?
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: Like shit, boss.
text: Vukovich goes out and the Minicam light hits him as the
text: door closes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 67 INT. PIZZA PARLOR - NIGHT 67
text: TIGHT ON A TV SCREEN, a news cast in progress.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN (V.O.)
dialog: ...police had no further comment
dialog: on the apparent similarity between
dialog: the shooting death of an Encino
dialog: woman earlier today...
text: CUT WIDE to show Sarah watching the TV which is suspended
text: over the bar. The place is a crowded, post-movie hangout,
text: raucous with laughter and videogames. The newscast
text: continues, ignored by all except Sarah.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN (V.O.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...and this almost identical
dialog: killing two hours ago of a
dialog: Venice resident with virtually
dialog: the same name. Sarah Ann Connor,
dialog: a 24 year old legal secretary, was
dialog: pronounced dead at the scene in
dialog: her beachfront apartment...
text: A customer gestures for the bartender's attention.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Hey, can we change this and
dialog: catch the ball scores.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (reaching for the
dialog: knob)
dialog: Sure.
text: Sarah leaps half over the bar, startling everyone.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Leave it where it is!
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN (V.O.)
dialog: ...no other connections between
dialog: the two victims has been estab-
dialog: lished.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: On a lighter note, these was
dialog: cause for celebration at the
dialog: L.A. Zoo today, as...
text: Sarah leaves her half-finished pizza and beer, getting up
text: in a daze. Followed by puzzles glances, she makes her way
dialog: through the crowd.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 68 INT. PIZZA PARLOR HALLWAY 68
text: In the crowded hallway by the restrooms, Sarah goes to the
text: single payphone and seizes the directory. She flips rapidly
text: through it, then stops, looking down.
text: She sees that her name is next on the list.
text: The book slips out of her fingers.
text: Sarah turns and scans the crowd.
dialog: She's getting looks, covert and otherwise, like any unaccom-
dialog: panied girl on a Friday night. But is that all they mean?
text: Sarah back into the women's restroom.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 69 INT. RESTROOM 69
text: Sarah stumbles numbly to the sink.
text: She splashes her face with cold water. In the mirror
dialog: her terrified reflection looks back. Why me?
text: She hears a loud clatter and spins around.
text: It's just a drunken woman fumbling with a toilet stall door.
text: Sarah edges back out into the corridor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 70 INT. HALLWAY 70
text: Sarah walks stiffly to the pay phone.
dialog: It's OUT OF ORDER.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 71 EXT. STREET/SIDEWALK - NIGHT 71
text: Sarah exits the pizza place into the sparse crowd on the
text: sidewalk. As she passes a figure leaning against the wall
text: just outside, the man turns his head to watch her.
text: It is Reese, his gaze impassive.
text: Streetlight catches the burn scar on his cheek.
text: He is motionless, sinister in his long coat.
text: Sarah shudders.
text: She walks on.
text: POV - SARAH, ON CROWD, moving toward and through approaching
text: groups of pedestrians. They seem to be glancing at her.
dialog: Was it always like that and she just never noticed?
text: C.U. - SARAH as she look over her shoulder.
text: POV - SARAH, ON PIZZA PARLOR DOORWAY. Reese is gone.
text: She resists the urge to run.
text: On the opposite side of the street an LAPD cruiser glides
text: slowly by. Sarah is about to call out but a bus blocks
text: her view and when it had passed, the car is turning away
text: down a side street.
text: She passes a large window with STOKER'S written on it, and
text: ducks quickly through the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 72 INT. STOKER'S - NIGHT 72
text: ANGLE THROUGH WINDOW, SARAH F.G., as Reese approaches.
text: Her knuckles clench white as he reaches the entrance and
text: walks by, unhurriedly, without a glance inside.
text: She turns and scan the gloomy interior, which reveals itself
text: to be less than savory. Pool tables and upper-middle lowlife
text: in submarine depths of smoky haze.
text: Sarah draws stares, menacing in their own right, as she
text: weaves between the pool tables to the back of the bar.
text: her hands are trembling as she drops a dime in the pay
text: phone and dials.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O./RECORDED)
dialog: You have reached the Los Angeles
dialog: Police Department Emergency Number.
dialog: All lines are busy. If you need
dialog: a police car sent out to you, please
dialog: stay on the line...
text: Sarah holds the receiver pressed to her ear, glancing
text: around, fear feeding on frustration.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 73 EXT. SARAH'S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT 73
text: An LAPD black-and-white sits at the curb in front of Sarah's
text: building with two cops inside, drinking coffee. Through
text: the open window we hear the dispatcher's voice on the
dialog: radio.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (V.O.)
dialog: ...two eleven in progress at
dialog: Seven-Eleven market, Third and
dialog: Tamarac. One suspect believed
dialog: to be armed...
text: The car pulls out with lights and siren on.
text: A moment later, Terminator rounds the corner of the building
text: and climbs the stairs to the entryway.
text: He surveys the bank of call buttons, then turns to consider
dialog: the barred security gate.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 74 INT. SARAH'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 74
text: PANAGLIDE WITH GINGER as she ties her terry-cloth robe and,
text: leaving Matt in a dead sleep, pads through the dark apartment.
text: Down the hall, past the phone with Traxler's message.
text: Through the dark living room.
text: She has her Walkman in the pocket of her robe and bops to
text: herself in the silent gloom as she enters the kitchen.
text: When she opens the refrigerator to remove snack fixings, the
text: light briefly illuminates the kitchen and in that moment,
text: SOMETHING MOVES in the F.G.
text: TIGHT ON GINGER, MOVING WITH HER as she backs toward the
text: counter with her arms full of snack stuff.
text: A SUDDEN CRASH. A flurry of motion behind her.
text: She spins, dropping half her load.
text: Ginger fumbles for the lightswitch.
text: Revealing Pugsley, sitting there blinking innocently among
text: overturned spice bottles on the counter-top.
speaker_heading: GINGER
dialog: Shoo. Go on. I'll make a
dialog: belt out of you.
text: Pugsley disappears into a large fern by the window and Ginger
text: sets about her task, slathering crunchy peanut butter on
text: stalks of celery.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 75 INT. BEDROOM 75
text: MEDIUM ON MATT, as rustling curtains play patterns of street-
text: light over his sleeping face.
text: The sound of a faint breeze.
text: In the B.G. is the balcony, empty. The sliding door is open.
text: TIGHT ON MATT, as his eyes open at the sound of a quiet,
text: repeated CLICKING.
text: UP ANGLE - PAST MATT, as the five-inch blade of an industrial
text: razor-knife reaches full extension in Terminator's hand,
text: right above him.
text: It slashes viciously downward.
text: Matt rolls and the pillow is SLIT OPEN where his throat had
dialog: been.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Whoah!
text: Terminator catches him by the hair and slashed down again.
text: Matt grabs the wrist in both hands.
text: The enormous muscles of his arms, which seem capable of bench
text: pressing a Chrysler, strain and knot against the pressure of
dialog: the killer's single arm...
text: And still the blade moves closer to his throat.
text: With a final heave Matt deflects the down-pressure sideways
text: and the blade snaps with a CLINK against the headboard.
text: HANDHELD WITH MATT as he rolls off the bed, spins and slams
text: his fists together into Terminator's temple. He picks up a
text: brass deco lamp and brings it down with piledriver force.
text: Unperturbed, Terminator knocks the lamp away and hurls Matt
dialog: over the bed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 76 EXT. BALCONY - NIGHT 76
text: Matt crashes through the glass doors and slams against the
dialog: balcony railing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 77 INT. KITCHEN 77
text: Oblivious to the noise, Ginger croons in rock-and-roll
text: ecstasy, singing to a celery stalk as if it were a micro-
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 78 EXT./INT. BALCONY AND BEDROOM - NIGHT 78
text: Matt heaves himself up, powerful body gleaming with sweat
text: and hurls himself upon the intruder.
text: The titans CRASH INTO A DRESSER, reducing it to kindling.
text: Then into the closet door, EXPLODING THE FULL-LENGTH MIRROR.
text: Terminator places one hand on either side of Matt's barrel
text: chest. SINKS HIS FINGERS INTO THE FLESH. An inhuman grip.
text: Matt is raised off the floor, contorted with agony, above
dialog: the other's head.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 79 INT. HALLWAY 79
text: DOLLY PRECEDING GINGER as she returns from the kitchen with
text: a plate full of celery stalks and a glass of milk. CAMERA
text: passes the closed bedroom door and STOPS, as Ginger pauses
text: to set the plate on top of the glass, freeing one hand to
dialog: open the door.
text: AN EXPLOSION OF SPLINTERS in close F.G. as a shape smashes
text: through the door right in front of her...Matt's body
text: propelled halfway through the door by enormous force.
text: Ginger shrieks and leaps back, flinging milk and all into
dialog: the air.
text: The door begins to open the pressure of Matt's body
dialog: creates resistance.
text: Ginger SCREAMS and back away.
text: The door is wrenched open and Terminator steps through with
dialog: the massive .45 drawn.
text: HANDHELD WITH GINGER, the walls blur by as she runs.
text: TIGHT ON TERMINATOR as the pistol RISES INTO FRAME, aligning
dialog: with his eyes. BOOM!
text: LOW FAST DOLLY WITH GINGER as the bullet punches into her
text: shoulder, pitching her on her face outside the bathroom door.
text: LOW WIDE ANGLE as she crawls forward, gasping, drowning.
text: The implacable figure looms behind her.
text: Her expression is agony and reeling, nauseating terror.
dialog: And incomprehension: Why am I suddenly dying?
text: Her eyes roll, showing the whites, like a horse tethered in
text: a burning stable.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 80 INT. BATHROOM 80
text: Ginger scrabbles pathetically for a grip on the tile floor
text: as she pulls herself into the bathroom.
text: She clutches the rim of the toilet.
text: LOW ANGLE PAST HER, ON TERMINATOR, as he stands behind her.
text: PAN UP, off her. He takes aim.
dialog: And empties the clip.
text: He calmly reloads.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 81 INT. HALLWAY/BEDROOM 81
text: CLOSE ON PHONE MACHINE, as the telephone rings loudly in the
dialog: ensuing silence.
text: Terminator spins, drawing an instantaneous bead on the source
text: of the sound, but doesn't fire.
speaker_heading: GINGER'S VOICE
dialog: (recorded)
dialog: Hi there.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Ha ha ha, fooled you. You're
dialog: talking to a machine...
text: C.U. - TERMINATOR, motionless, listening.
speaker_heading: GINGER'S VOICE
dialog: (recorded, continuing)
dialog: ...but don't be shy, it's okay.
dialog: Machines need love too...
text: Terminator turns abruptly back to Ginger's body. He turns
text: it over, assuring himself that she is dead.
speaker_heading: GINGER'S VOICE
dialog: (continuing, recorded)
dialog: ...so talk to it and Ginger, that's
dialog: me, or Sarah will get back to you.
dialog: Wait for the beep.
text: There is a loud tone and the incoming call is heard.
speaker_heading: SARAH'S VOICE
dialog: (on machine)
dialog: Ginger, this is Sarah...
text: Terminator's head snaps back and he freezes, listening.
text: He rises slowly as Sarah's voice continues.
text: TIGHT ON HIS UNBLINKING EYES.
speaker_heading: SARAH'S VOICE
dialog: (on machine, contin-
dialog: uing)
dialog: ...I'm in this sleazy bar called
dialog: Stoker's on Pico but I'm too
dialog: scared to leave. I'm really
dialog: scared, kiddo...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 82 INT. STOKER'S BAR - NIGHT 82
text: Sarah cups the telephone's mouthpiece with her hand and
dialog: glances around frequently.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (continuing, into
dialog: phone)
dialog: ...I think somebody's after me
dialog: and I sure hope you play this
dialog: soon 'cause I need you and Matt
dialog: to come pick me up. The police
dialog: keep transferring me around, but
dialog: I'm going to try them again.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 83 INT. SARAH'S APARTMENT/BEDROOM - NIGHT 83
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (continuing, B.G.)
dialog: The number here is 468-9175.
dialog: Call me, kiddo. I need you.
dialog: It's Stoker's on Pico. Bye.
text: Terminator is rapidly and methodically rifling the contents
text: of Sarah's small desk. SIREN'S WAIL, approaching.
text: He picks up a small card.
text: E.C.U. - CARD. It is Sarah's college I.D. card, complete with
dialog: color photo of her.
text: MACRO ON PICTURE.
text: E.C.U. - TERMINATOR'S EYES as he tosses the card down,
text: after a fraction of a second's scan. Picks up something else.
text: TIGHT ON SARAH'S ADDRESS BOOK, Terminator pockets this and
text: slips out the balcony door. Climbing over the railing, he
dialog: is gone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 84 INT. STOKER'S BAR - NIGHT 84
text: Sarah is huddled, back to the wall, beside the phone.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (on phone, upset)
dialog: ...look, Lieutenant...uh,
dialog: Vukovich, don't put me on
dialog: hold and don't transfer me
dialog: to another department...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 85 INT. VUKOVICH'S OFFICE - NIGHT 85
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: I won't. Now just relax.
dialog: Where are you?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yeah, I know it...on Pico.
dialog: Are you alright?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 86 INT. STOKER'S BAT - NIGHT 86
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Yes, but I don't want to
dialog: leave. I think this guy's
dialog: following me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 87 INT. VUKOVICH'S OFFICE - NIGHT 87
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Alright, Ms. Connor. Listen
dialog: carefully. You're in a public
dialog: place, you'll be safe 'til we
dialog: get there. Stay visible.
dialog: Don't go outside or in the
dialog: restroom. I'll be there in
dialog: a few minutes.
text: He hangs up and grabs his coat, motioning to Traxler.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: Let's roll.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 88 INT. STOKER'S BAR - NIGHT 88
text: Sarah takes a seat at a booth near the bar, and picks up
text: a dog-eared menu, but can't concentrate on it. She looks
text: at her watch and glances around.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 89 EXT. STREET - NIGHT 89
text: The yellow Maverick hurtles along an empty street.
text: CLOSER ANGLE as streetlight glare slashes across Terminator's
text: face in flaring pulses.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 90 INT. PLAIN CAR - NIGHT 90
text: Vukovich draws his Colt Python .357 Magnum and check the
dialog: load. Traxler is driving.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: Let's see how this guy likes
dialog: playing hard-ball.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 91 INT. STOKER'S BAR - NIGHT 91
text: The waitress set a cup of coffee in front of Sarah.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Anything else?
text: Sarah shakes her head "No" and contemplates her trembling
text: hands. She half-turns, catching a glimpse of herself in
text: the mirror behind the bar.
text: TIGHT ON SARAH, reflected in the mirror. In the F.G. a
text: man at the bar looks up from his beer, straight into her eyes.
dialog: It is Reese.
text: He gazes at her coolly for a moment, then glances away.
text: C.U. - SARAH, feeling trapped, frantic.
text: ANGLE ON FRONT DOOR as it opens and a figure stands silhou-
text: etted briefly against a streetlight.
text: Reese turns, his eyes flickering to the mirror, the figure.
text: C.U. - REESE as he mechanically raises his beer. His knuckles
text: are white. He slowly undoes the top button of his overcoat.
text: There is a glint of metal in the shadows within.
text: Reese turns slowly on his barstool as the figure brushes past
dialog: him, out-of-focus F.G.
text: Sarah looks up.
text: E.C.U. - REESE'S HAND sliding slowly along polished steel,
text: a caress. His finger slips through the triggerguard of the
dialog: riot gun.
text: MEDIUM ON SARAH, as the man stops in front of her in close F.G.
text: He sits slowly in the booth opposite her. The angle is OVER
speaker_heading: HIS SHOULDER.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (uncertainly)
dialog: Lieutenant Vukovich?
dialog: REVERSE ANGLE - It is not Lt. Vukovich.
text: Terminator sits motionless for a BEAT.
text: Blue eyes so pure and deep. The eyes of a saint, perhaps.
text: The .45 is out and cocked and AIMED DIRECTLY AT CAMERA, almost
dialog: in one motion.
text: The bore seems enormous.
text: BACK ON SARAH, over the gun barrel, her eyes go wide. We hold
text: a BEAT, like a frozen slice of nightmare.
text: MEDIUM ON REESE as he whips the riot-gun to a hip-firing posi-
text: tion, his overcoat falling back with a snap. HE FIRES.
text: ON TERMINATOR, as the shotgun blast hits his arm and he FIRES,
text: simultaneously. Sarah screams as the .45 round blows stuffing
text: out of the booth seat inches from her face. Her hair is
text: singed by burning gunpowder. An involuntary cry is punched
text: out of her by the double concussions.
text: Reese is stroking up another shell as Terminator half-rises
dialog: from booth.
text: OVER REESE'S SHOULDER, as he fires, cocks the slide, fires
text: again, advancing on Sarah's booth.
text: Terminator is blown backward over the center divider,
text: crashing through the glasses and pitchers of beer on the
text: table opposite, and onto the floor.
text: Sarah is screaming, scrunched down in the booth.
text: Terminator is lying on his back at the feet of a table-
dialog: full of drunk patrons.
text: He has two rifled 12 gauge slugs in his chest and one
dialog: in the arm.
text: The bar customers are frozen in the weird tableau, cowering,
dialog: gaping.
text: Sarah stops screaming.
text: Reese stand motionless, gun aimed.
text: In the sudden silence, the sound of him cocking the shotgun
dialog: is abnormally loud.
text: ON TERMINATOR, very still.
text: Then he smoothly rolls to a crouch and slips the UZI machine
text: pistol from beneath his overcoat, where it has been hang-
text: ing on a shoulder strap.
text: He doesn't seem too impaired as he swings around to fire.
text: Reese rolls like a cat and comes up firing.
text: A burst from the UZI rakes the bar where he stood.
text: An orgy of shattering glass.
dialog: Total pandemonium.
text: SEVERAL ANGLES as patrons of the bar run, scream or dive
dialog: for cover, depending upon their level of intelligence.
text: Reese slides through the glass to Sarah's booth and seizes
dialog: her wrists.
text: ON TERMINATOR, kneeling amid the chaos, raising the UZI
dialog: one-handed.
text: Reese tugs viciously on Sarah's arm and she sprawls across
text: the booth seat a moment before the divider and seat cushion
text: erupt with hits from the UZI.
text: ANGLE ON A RUNNING PATRON as a burst of 9mm fire catches
text: him in the chest. He pitches into Sarah's booth, pinning
dialog: her.
text: Reese fires, ducks, fires again.
text: Tables crash over.
text: A window is blown out.
text: A table candle rolls into a pool of high-proof alcohol
dialog: behind the bar.
text: It ignites with a WHOOSH.
text: Reese feed two shells into the riot-gun.
text: TIGHT ON TERMINATOR, an island of slow, precise movement
text: amid the confusion. He drops a spent clip. Reaches for
text: another with his bloody hand.
text: MOVING WITH REESE as he vaults the row of booths and starts
text: firing. At point blank range he unloads the shotgun into
text: Terminator's belly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 92 INT./EXT. STOKER'S/STREET - NIGHT 92
text: Terminator crashes backwards through two tables and a plate
text: glass window into the street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 93 INT. STOKER'S BAR - NIGHT 93
text: The roaring fire behind the bar is spreading very quickly.
text: The air is thick with smoke.
text: Reese tosses the UZI, for which he has no ammo, into the
text: fire. He hauls the dead man off Sarah and reaches for her.
text: TIGHT ON SARAH, shrinking away from Reese, hysterical.
text: When he grabs her wrist she struggles, eyes wide.
dialog: C.U. - REESE, very intense.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Come with me if you want
dialog: to live.
text: She looks where he is pointing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 94 EXT. STOKER'S BAR/STREET - NIGHT 94
text: Terminator is rising unsteadily to his feet. Shattered
text: glass rains from him, except where it sticks to his blood-
text: drenched shirt and coat.
text: C.U. - TERMINATOR, as he slowly look up, his blue eyes
text: riveting STRAIGHT INTO THE CAMERA.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 95 INT. STOKER'S BAR - NIGHT 95
text: C.U. - SARAH, feeling a lightning blot of terror greater
text: than she could ever imagine as the cold gaze fixes on her.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (awed whisper)
dialog: Oh my God...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 96 INT./EXT. STOKER'S BAR - NIGHT 96
text: PANAGLIDE PRECEDING TERMINATOR as he clambers back through
text: the window and starts through the burning bar.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 97 INT. STOKER'S BAR - NIGHT 97
text: PANAGLIDE MOVING IN ON REESE AND SARAH as he runs, drag-
text: ging her with him, toward the back.
text: REVERSE ON TERMINATOR, DOLLYING as he crashed through the
text: wreckage in the swirling smoke, hurling burning tables out
dialog: of his way.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 98 INT. KITCHEN/HALLWAY/EXIT CORRIDOR 98
text: PANAGLIDE FOLLOWING REESE AND SARAH, running headlong
text: through the cluttered kitchen, then down a narrow back
text: hallway. Sarah stumbles and Reese brutally pulls her to
text: her feet without slowing.
text: He hits a closed door, which crashes open.
text: Hauls Sarah through, into another corridor.
text: Slams and blot-latches it.
text: An instant later an impact from the far side tears the
text: latch-screws half out of the wall.
dialog: They run on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 99 INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT 99
text: Terminator takes a step back from the closed door and
text: slams into it again. It starts to give way.
text: behind him the flames engulf a CAN OF CLEANING SOLVENT.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 100 INT./EXT. EXIT CORRIDOR/ALLEY - NIGHT 100
text: Reese and Sarah pelt down the narrow corridor, fling open
text: the outside door and spin out into the alley.
text: TIGHT ON DOOR at far end. It splinters open and Terminator
text: sprints down the corridor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 101 INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT 101
text: The cleaning solvent EXPLODES.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 102 INT. EXIT CORRIDOR - NIGHT 102
text: DOLLYING AHEAD OF TERMINATOR, very fast, as he runs full-
text: throttle. Behind him a fireball of superheated gas hurtles
text: down the narrow hallway. He clears the outer door an
text: instant before the tongue of flame roars out into the alley.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 103 EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF STOKER'S - NIGHT 103
text: Vukovich's plain car arrives, slewing to a stop in the
text: glass-littered street in front of the blazing building.
text: He leaps out, Traxler right in behind him.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: What the fuck is going on?
text: TWO LAPD UNITS arrive behind them. He motions to the
dialog: nearest one.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Cover the alley in back.
text: He heads for the inferno at a run.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 104 EXT. ALLEY BEHIND STOKER'S - NIGHT 104
text: DOLLYING WITH REESE AND SARAH as they run through the
text: dark alley. Sarah stumbles over trashcans.
text: Reese pulls her along mercilessly.
text: WHIP-PANNING as they clear a corner.
text: The B.G. is a blur.
text: The night-maze is a blur in all of these shots.
dialog: No static angles.
dialog: Relentless forward motion.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 105/FX EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT 105/FX
text: Behind them Terminator is moving with inhuman speed,
text: bounding like a panther, leaping trash cans and other
dialog: obstacles.
text: TRACKING C.U. - TERMINATOR, catching the faintest glimpse
text: of a red glow in the pupils of his eyes as he passes through
dialog: total shadow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 106/FX EXT. ALLEY/POV - TERMINATOR (HANDHELD) - NIGHT 106/FX
dialog: We know this is Terminator's POV because Sarah and Reese
dialog: are just ahead of us. But the image is bizarre, alien.
text: Bright and hyper-real. There is a hint of digitization,
text: and the fleeing figures ahead are more luminous than the
text: background, suggesting infra-red.
text: The margins of the FRAME are crammed with columns of CRT-
dialog: type characters: columns of numbers and acronyms. The
dialog: data changes more rapidly than any human eye could follow.
dialog: There is no doubt that we are seeing as a machine would see.
text: The sound effects are bright and clear, as if they are
dialog: digitized and enhanced as well.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 107 EXT. ADJOINING ALLEY - NIGHT 107
text: Reese and Sarah turn a corner by caroming off the wall
text: without slowing and pelt down a narrower alley. This
text: one is lined with a row of parked cars and connects to
text: the street. There is little room to run.
text: Reese is reloading on the run, dropping shells.
text: Behind them Terminator enters the alley, gaining.
text: LOW ANGLE, FAST PANAGLIDE ahead of the fleeing pair.
text: As they breast the last car Reese shoves Sarah hard,
text: pitching her on her face to the pavement.
text: He flings open the car door...a shield.
text: Drops to the ground.
text: Fires into the gas tank of a car further back in the row
text: just before Terminator reaches it.
text: The car EXPLODES, filling the alley with fire. An inferno
text: funneled between the enclosing walls.
text: ANGLE ON REESE AND SARAH behind the car door as flames
text: roar over the hood.
text: ON TERMINATOR, as he slides to a stop, cut off by the
dialog: wall of flame.
text: Reese doesn't waste any time stuffing Sarah into the car.
text: Climbing in after and over her he twists two wires together
text: and we recognize it as his stolen GREY SEDAN.
dialog: The engine catches.
text: A SILHOUETTE rockets out of the flames.
text: Terminator, leaping from the roof of the blazing car ahead,
text: impacts on the hood of Reese's car. His hair and coat are
dialog: burning.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 108 INT./EXT. GREY SEDAN/ALLEY - NIGHT 108
text: Reese jams reverse and nail the throttle.
text: The car backs down the alley.
text: Terminator draws back his fist.
text: Punches into the windshield.
text: Inside, Sarah is sprayed with glass as the killer's fist
dialog: shoots through.
text: The lacerated fingers grope for her.
text: WIDE as the car shoots backwards out of the alley onto the
text: street, narrowly missing an arriving LAPD CRUISER.
text: Sarah plasters herself tightly into the seat as the
text: fingers grasp her blouse and pull.
text: Reese cranks the wheel hard.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 109 EXT. STREET - NIGHT 109
text: The sedan skids, slewing sideways into a parked car.
text: Terminator rolls down off onto the pavement.
text: Reese's car shoots forward.
text: PANNING WITH SEDAN as it roars past Vukovich, the gathering
text: minions of the burning building, an arriving fire
text: truck...shoots through a red light and continues to accel-
dialog: erate.
text: Terminator gets to a kneeling position, then slowly stands.
text: He pats out his smoldering clothing as he watches his quarry
dialog: escape.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 110 EXT. STREET - NIGHT 110
text: ON VUKOVICH as he runs to his car, exhorting the nearby
text: LAPD guys to give pursuit, while Traxler grabs the radio.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Go! Go! He's got her.
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: (overlapping)
text: Suspect westbound on
dialog: Olympic. Grey sedan. Has
dialog: hostage, repeat...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 111 EXT. STREET - NIGHT 111
text: LOW WIDE ANGLE on the empty street, which is narrow and
text: tightly lines with parked cars.
text: The ROAR of an engine builds.
text: The sedan, like a night-demon, hurtles out of the shadows
text: with its lights off, doing ninety plus.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 112 INT. GREY SEDAN - NIGHT 112
text: Sarah is in a daze.
text: Paralyzed. Face bloodless.
text: She is shivering silently, uncontrollably.
text: Her eyes are wide, and it seems likely that she doesn't
text: quite comprehend the roaring blur outside her window.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Hold on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 113 EXT. CITY STREETS - NIGHT 113
text: WIDE ANGLE, CLOSE TO SEDAN, and following it as it hurtles
text: around a corner in an expertly controlled slide.
text: Then a high speed sprint down the cross-street.
text: Reese squirrels the vehicle between a slow-moving car
text: ahead and oncoming traffic.
text: A dive into another dark side street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 114 INT. GRAY SEDAN - NIGHT 114
text: Reese drives with total, nerveless absorption. His eyes
text: flick to the mirror, to the road, over his shoulder, back
text: ...and the world spins outside.
text: With occasional glances to Sarah, he speaks to her in a
text: clipped, military voice.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Are you injured? Are you
dialog: shot?
dialog: No response.
text: He reaches over and runs his hands over her arms, legs,
text: chest. Sarah flinches.
text: She feels the BLIND PANIC BOILING UP WITHIN HER.
text: She pushes his hand away and opens the door.
text: Reese slams her back in the seat and slaps her. Hard.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Do exactly what I say.
dialog: Exactly. Don't move un-
dialog: less I say. Don't make a
dialog: sound unless I say. Do
dialog: you understand?
text: As he speaks he is locking the door and fastening Sarah's
text: seatbelt over her, cinching it very tightly, like you would
text: for a child. She doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (continuing/
dialog: shouting)
dialog: Do you understand?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Yes. Don't hurt me.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: I'm here to help you. Reese,
dialog: Sergeant/Tech-Com, DN38416...
text: Sarah stares numbly at his outstretched hand. With zero
text: strength she automatically returns his handshake.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Assigned to protect you.
dialog: You've been targetted for
dialog: termination.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 115 EXT. SIDE STREET/ALLEY - NIGHT 115
text: The walls of a narrow alley, inky black, frame a police
text: cruiser parked on the street beyond. Firelight from the
text: back of Stoker's lights the street garishly.
text: A young cop stands beside the car talking via radio with
text: the mike cord pulled through the side window. He speaks
text: with a distinctive twang--a displaced southerner.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: ...I don't know, it looks
dialog: like it might spread to this
dialog: furniture warehouse across
dialog: the alley, the paint on the
dialog: wall's starting to blister
dialog: up...
text: The sweeping headlights of a turning car momentarily illuminate
text: the face of Terminator, motionless in the dark right in
dialog: front of us.
text: Eyes open. Listening.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Better get another truck
dialog: round to this side.
text: Terminator's silhouette emerges from the blackness and
text: strides purposefully toward the cop, CAMERA following.
text: The officer whirls and reaches for his gun but Terminator
text: flings him brutally into the side of the car, steps over
text: him and opens the door.
text: Before getting in he notes the unit number on the roof: 143.
text: Then he slides behind the wheel, slips the squad car into
text: gear, and pulls out.
text: CAMERA PRECEDING CAR, HIDE WIDE ANGLE, as it accelerates
text: rapidly, until the lines across the street are flashing
text: under it in a staccato rhythm.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 116 INT. GREY SEDAN - NIGHT 116
text: Sarah is slumped way down in the seat, turned away from the
text: window, trying not to see the landscape reeling outside.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (hoarse whisper)
dialog: This is a mistake. I haven't
dialog: done anything.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: No. But you will. It's
dialog: very important that you
dialog: live.
text: Sarah closes her eyes, as if to shut it all out.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I can't believe this is happen-
dialog: ing. How could than man get up
dialog: after you...
text: Reese's tone is equal parts hatred and respect as he replies.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Not a man. A Terminator.
dialog: Cyber Dynamics Model 101.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 117 INT. SQUAD CAR - NIGHT 117
text: Terminator drives expressionlessly, monitoring the babble
text: from Central Dispatch. He hears his number.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: ...Suspect vehicle sighted on
dialog: Motor at Pico, southbound.
dialog: Units Two-Zero-Six and Five-
dialog: Seven, attempt intercept.
dialog: Unit One-Four-Three, come in.
text: Terminator picks up the mike. He speaks in a
text: simulation of the young cop's southern twang.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: This is One-Four-Three. West-
dialog: bound on Olympic, approaching
dialog: Overland.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 118 EXT. SANTA MONICA FREEWAY - NIGHT 118
text: The grey sedan moves through traffic like a hell-bent
text: wraith. Reese has the hammer down. He handles the
text: car with nerves of steel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 119 EXT. POLICE HELICOPTER - NIGHT 119
text: Below, Reese's sedan snakes along at 110 plus. The
text: chopper, F.G., drops toward it.
speaker_heading: PILOT (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Air-unit Two. We're on him.
text: Westbound Santa Monica at 405.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 120 INT. GREY SEDAN - NIGHT 120
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: A machine? You mean, like
dialog: a robot?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Not a robot. Cyborg.
dialog: Cybernetic Organism.
text: They have to yell over the roar of air through the broken
dialog: windshield.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: But...he was bleeding.
text: At that moment a blinding light sears down on them from
text: above. Reese looks over his left shoulder and sees a
text: CHP cruiser coming alongside.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Just a second. Keep your
dialog: head down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 121 EXT. FREEWAY - NIGHT 121
text: The helicopter is right above the, its spotlight burning
text: on Reese. The cruiser flanks them, closing. Reese peels
text: off to the right, inches in front of a tractor-trailer rig,
text: brakes hard and slides into a four-wheel drift through a
text: curving off-ramp.
text: The helicopter banks, following.
text: The cruiser swaps ends trying to maneuver and slams broad-
text: side into the guardrail. Out of action.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 122 EXT. OFF RAMP/INTERSECTION - NIGHT 122
text: The sedan roars across the street without slowing
text: and vanishes down a tree-lined side street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 123 EXT. POLICE HELICOPTER - NIGHT 123
text: DOWN ANGLE - AERIAL past the chopper, F.G., as its searchlight
text: sweeps over the close-knit treetops.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 124 EXT. SIDE STREET/INTERSECTION - NIGHT 124
text: The sedan skids around a corner, F.G., as the searchlight
text: filters in shafts through the trees further down the street,
text: sweeping futility back and forth.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 125 EXT. POLICE HELICOPTER - NIGHT 125
text: It hovers indecisively, then banks off.
speaker_heading: PILOT (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Lost him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 126 INT. GREY SEDAN - NIGHT 126
text: Reese is ultra-alert, craning to look up, back, forward.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Good cover.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Alright. Listen.
dialog: The Terminator's an infil-
dialog: tration unit. Part man, part
dialog: machine. Underneath, it's a
dialog: hyperalloy combat chassis,
dialog: mircoprocessor-controlled,
dialog: fully armored. Very tough...
text: He pauses as they slide around another corner.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 127 EXT. STREET - NIGHT 127
text: Reese's sedan glides out onto a main drag, very subdued.
text: He turns the lights on and blends with traffic.
text: The helicopter crosses laterally in the distance.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 128 INT. GREY SEDAN - NIGHT 128
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: But outside, it's living
dialog: human tissue. Flesh, skin,
dialog: hair...blood. Grown for the
dialog: cyborgs.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Look, Reese, I know you want
dialog: to help, but...
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (cutting her off)
dialog: Pay attention. The 600
dialog: series had rubber skin.
dialog: We spotted them easy. But
dialog: these are new. They look
dialog: human. Sweat, bad breath,
dialog: everything. Very hard to
dialog: spot. I had to wait 'til
dialog: he moved on you before I
dialog: could zero him.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hey, I'm not stupid, y'know.
dialog: They can't build anything like
dialog: that yet.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: No. Not yet. Not for about
dialog: forty years.
text: Reese is driving sedately for a low profile, but his eyes
text: rove constantly, searching for a place to ditch the car.
text: Sarah's eyes are alert as well, and her tone becomes a bit
dialog: too cool.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: So, it's from the future, is
dialog: that right?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: One possible future. Four your
dialog: point of view. I don't know the
dialog: tech stuff.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: And you're from the future too?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Right.
text: They come to a red light and Reese stops.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (patronizingly)
dialog: Right...
text: Like a shot she unlatches the seatbelt, pulls the door lock
text: and has the door half open before Reese can react. He catches
text: her arm and hauls her struggling back into the car.
text: Sarah sinks her teeth into his hand with all her strength.
text: His grip doesn't slacken.
text: Slowly, without releasing her, he reaches across with his
text: other hand and shuts the door. His face shows no reaction.
text: Sarah draws back and stares at the blood running down his
text: arm from the bite, that at his grim, scarred face. The
text: light turns green and Reese drives on.
text: Sarah tastes blood and wipes her mouth.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Cyborgs don't feel pain. I
dialog: do. Don't...do that...again.
text: He wipes his hand on his pants.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (weakly, plead-
dialog: ing)
dialog: Just let me go.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (slow, but intense)
dialog: Listen. Understand. That
dialog: Terminator is out there. It
dialog: can't be reasoned with, it can't
dialog: be bargained with...it doesn't
dialog: feel pity of remorse or fear...
dialog: and it absolutely will not stop.
dialog: Ever. Until you are dead.
text: Sarah slump in utter resignation.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Can you stop it?
text: Reese doesn't look at her.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Maybe. With these weapons...
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 129 EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT 129
text: Reese's car turns into the parking lot of a large hospital,
text: acres of pavement dotted with sporadic parked cars.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 130 EXT./INT. TERMINATOR'S CRUISER - NIGHT 130
text: ANGLE THROUGH WINDSHIELD, ON TERMINATOR, as he searches.
text: Streetlights flare across rhythmically.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 131 EXT. POLICE HELICOPTER - NIGHT 131
text: It moves between two buildings, searchlight sweeping back
text: and forth. DOWN ANGLE, past the chopper, as the circle of
text: light moves across a row of parked cars.
text: It passes a grey sedan with a shattered windshield.
text: Flicks back. Holds.
text: TIGHTER ON CAR, GROUND LEVEL, in the glare and propwash.
text: It looks empty.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 132 EXT. PARKING LOT/NEARBY - NIGHT 132
text: LOW ANGLE DOLLY, MOVING WITH REESE AND SARAH as they crawl
text: behind a row of parked cars.
text: He has firm hold of her arm but she seems to be cooperating.
text: In the B.G., the chopper hovers, on the far side of the lot.
text: Reese approaches the door of a late model brown Buick which
text: has been left with its window partway down.
text: He unlocks it and they slip inside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 133 EXT./INT. TERMINATOR'S CRUISER - NIGHT 133
text: TIGHT ON TERMINATOR, through the windshield of the black-
dialog: and-white.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Suspect vehicle located at
dialog: parking lot, Cedar and Glen-
dialog: haven...
text: FULL SHOT as Terminator's cruiser slews in a radical turn
text: and roars off in the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 134 INT./EXT. BROWN BUICK/PARKING LOT - NIGHT 134
text: Reese uses the butt of the shotgun to smash loose the
text: ignition assembly. He begins working on the wires. A
text: police cruiser appears, moving slowly between the rows of
dialog: cars.
text: Reese grabs Sarah and pulls her down to huddle below dash
text: level. A moment later a spotlight flashes across the seats
text: above them. They hear the helicopter circling closer.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Reese...why me? Why does
dialog: it want me?
text: They are lying very close, a forced intimacy. Reese's voice
text: is an urgent whisper, almost in her ear. A cruiser passes
text: so close they can hear its radio clearly.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: There's so much...
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Tell me. Just start at the
dialog: beginning.
text: Reese musters his thoughts. And starts.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: There was a war. A few years
dialog: from now. Nuclear war. The
dialog: whole thing. All this--
dialog: His gesture includes the car, the city, the world.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: --everythingis gone. Just
dialog: gone. There were survivors.
dialog: Here. There. Nobody knew who
dialog: started it.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It was the machines.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I don't understand...
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Defense network computer. New.
dialog: Powerful. Hooked into everything.
dialog: Trusted to run it all. They say it
dialog: got smart...a new order of intelli-
dialog: gence. Then it saw all people as
dialog: a threat, not just the ones on the
dialog: other side. Decided out fate in a
dialog: microsecond...extermination.
text: Reese pauses, and when he continues it's less like a military
text: briefing, quieter.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Didn't see the war. I was born
dialog: after, in the ruins. Grew up
text: there. Starving. Hiding from
dialog: the H-K's.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: The what?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Hunter Killers. Patrol machines.
dialog: Build in automated factories.
dialog: Most of us were rounded up, put in
dialog: camps...for orderly disposal.
text: He pushes up the sleeve of his jacket and shows
text: her a ten digit number etches on the skin of his forearm.
text: Beneath the numbers is a pattern of lines like the auto-
dialog: matic-pricing marks on product packages.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (continuing)
text: Burned in by laser scan.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Some of us were kept alive...
dialog: to work. Loading bodies. The
dialog: disposal units ran night and day.
dialog: We were that close to going out
dialog: forever...
text: The helicopter moves overhead. Its searchlight illum-
text: inates the car interior, moves on. Before the rotor
text: sound fads, Reese starts the car.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 135 EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT 135
text: Several black-and-whites are moving among the parked
dialog: cars, slowly.
text: ANGLE ON TERMINATOR'S CRUISER rolling along just above
text: idle. He peers into the row of cars, listening and
dialog: seeing on level we can't.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 136 INT. BROWN BUICK - NIGHT 136
text: Reese is holding onto Sarah's shoulder tightly.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...but there was one man...who
dialog: taught us to fight. To storm
dialog: the wire of the camps. To
dialog: smash those metal mother-
dialog: fuckers into junk. He turned
dialog: it around...he brought us back
dialog: from the brink.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: His name is Connor. John Connor...
dialog: your son, Sarah. Your unborn son.
dialog: Sarah stared at him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 137 EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT 137
text: The brown Buick is F.G. as the nose of Terminator's cruiser
text: appears behind it, moving slowly.
text: C.U. - TERMINATOR, scanning.
text: LOW ANGLE, past the back of the Buick, as Terminator
text: cruises by. The tailpipe, F.G., puffs quietly.
text: Terminator's head snaps around.
text: His eyes lock on Reese's car.
text: He reaches for his shotgun.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 138 INT. BUICK - NIGHT 138
text: Reese's head jerks up, looking in the mirror.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 139 EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT 139
text: Reese's car launches forward from its space, tires
text: spinning as Terminator fires from the window of the
dialog: cruiser.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 140 INT. BUICK - NIGHT 140
text: The rear window explodes and Reese ducks, then cranks
dialog: the wheel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 141 EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT 141
text: Reese and Terminator race along opposite sides of a
text: row of cars, approaching the exit.
text: The cruiser pulls ahead and closes diagonally as they
dialog: clear the last car.
text: Reese sees the other's shotgun leveled.
text: He ducks, steering blind, keeps it floored.
text: The windshield and side window EXPLODES INWARD.
text: The Buick slams into the black-and-white, spinning it into
text: a parked truck. TIRES SCREAM as the two cars slew around
text: heading for the exit.
text: SEVERAL ANGLES, as the police react.
text: The chopper banks tight and dives across the tops of
text: the parked cars. Cruisers race to converge.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 143 EXT. STREET - NIGHT 143
text: LOW WIDE ANGLE, PRECEDING REESE'S BUICK as it hits the
text: street, accelerating. Terminator's cruiser slides out
text: behind it, fishtails, races forward.
text: Engines roar as the cars go flat out. Buildings lining
text: the street become a blur.
text: The chopper arcs in behind them.
text: Legitimate police, lights blazing, enter the pursuit
dialog: one by one.
text: LOW ANGLE, MOVING WITH TERMINATOR'S CAR as Reese dodges
text: across all lanes ahead of it.
dialog: Terminator gaining.
text: They run an intersection at a hundred plus.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 144 INT. BUICK - NIGHT 144
text: Reese is feeding his last two shells into the riot gun.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Steer!
text: Holding the gun is both hands he leans out the window,
text: still keeping the throttle mashed down.
text: Sarah grabs the wheel, fighting to control the car.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 145 EXT. STREET/BUICK - NIGHT 145
text: MOVING WITH THE BUICK, looking back, as Reese aims the
text: shotgun, buffeted by the windstream.
text: Terminator's car, B.G., overtakes rapidly.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Reese!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 146 INT. BUICK - NIGHT 146
text: OVER SARAH'S SHOULDER as they approach an intersection...
text: red light their way and an ALPHA BETA TRUCK entering cross
dialog: wise.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 147 EXT. STREET/CARS - NIGHT 147
text: Past Terminator, F.G., his shotgun aimed as he comes along
dialog: side...at Reese.
text: They are staring down each other's barrels.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 148 INT. BUICK - NIGHT 148
text: Sarah grabs the shift lever.
text: DETAIL - SHIFTER, as she slams it into reverse.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 149 EXT. STREET/CARS - NIGHT 149
text: MOVING WITH BOTH CARS as the Buick skids with rear tires
text: locked. Reese and Terminator FIRE simultaneously.
text: TIGHT ON REESE as the doorpost next to his shoulder is
text: torn out by the other's blast.
text: ON TERMINATOR, leaning to see around his shattered wind-
dialog: shield. Too late.
text: He hurtles into the intersection, past the skidding Buick.
text: Clips the back of the semi.
text: Spins radically.
text: Vaults the curb in a screeching front-end roll.
text: WHIP-PANNING WITH THE CRUISER as it crashes upside-down
text: through the counter area of an A &amp; W.
text: LOW ANGLE as Reese and Sarah slide to a stop in a cloud
dialog: of tire smoke.
text: Transmission fluid pours out of the car like blood.
text: An instant later they are surrounded by an assortment of
text: LAPD, SHERIFF'S DEPT., and CHP CARS.
text: The helicopter hovers overhead.
text: MEDIUM ON SARAH AND REESE, he raises his hands, through
text: the side window, in plain sight. A phalanx of cops, guns
text: drawn, approaches the car warily.
text: Sarah looks at Reese. Then at the cops. She opens the door
text: and runs, staggering, toward them. Vukovich steps forward
text: and pulls her away to safety.
text: C.U. - REESE watching her go as a cop eases his door open.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 150 EXT. A &amp; W - NIGHT 150
text: Two cops approach the overturned squad car jammed into the
text: wreckage of the small building.
text: They shine their flashlights inside.
text: It is empty.
text: The cyborg has VANISHED.
text: A sign which reads 'DRIVE IN' detaches from an awning and
text: crashed down across the crushed auto.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 151 INT. VUKOVICH'S OFFICE - NIGHT 151
text: Sarah, huddles in a blanket, is siting on a bench opposite
text: Vukovich's desk. Motionless. Her eyes are fixed on the
text: middle distance. She's been crying. Now she's emptied out.
text: The door opens.
text: At the sound of the latch Sarah jerks as if struck, and cringes
text: involuntarily. Vukovich enters with Traxler and DR. PETER
dialog: SILBERMAN, a criminal psychologist. Silberman is smooth
dialog: of skin and manner, young, ambitious and...fat. He is
dialog: enthusiastic about the workings of the human psyche, as
text: emotionally involved as someone pulling the wings off a fly.
text: Vukovich sits beside Sarah and hands her a cup of coffee.
text: He puts a paternal arm around her shoulders.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: Here, drink some of this...
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (voice flat,
dialog: desperate)
dialog: Lieutenant, are you sure it's
dialog: them? Maybe I should see the
dialog: ...bodies.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: They've already been identi-
dialog: fied. There's no doubt.
text: Sarah begins to cry again, slowly and very quickly.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Of, God...Ginger...kiddo,
dialog: I'm so sorry.
text: Vukovich takes the coffee cup from her as her arms sag and
text: it starts to spill.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Sarah.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Sarah, this is Dr. Silber-
dialog: man. I'd like you to tell
dialog: him everything Reese said
dialog: to you. Do you feel up to it?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (almost in-
dialog: audible)
dialog: I guess so.
dialog: (to Silberman)
dialog: You're a doctor?
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: A criminal psychologist.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Is Reese crazy?
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: That's what we're going to
dialog: find out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 152 INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 152
dialog: The room costs five dollars a night and that's steep, but
text: the FIRE ESCAPE outside the window adds an element of
dialog: strategic value.
text: A silhouette slips in through the window and click on the
text: single BARE LIGHT BULB.
dialog: It's Terminator, and he's a mess.
text: A bloody scarecrow with bullet wounds in stomach, chest,
dialog: shoulder and right wrist.
text: MEDIUM ON TERMINATOR as he sits at a ratty folding table
text: under the light.
text: His eyebrows are singed off.
text: Hair a charred stubble.
text: Left eyes glistening with imbedded glass shards.
text: Before him on the table is an array of SMALL TOOLS.
text: He removes the charred remains of his jacket and props.
text: one elbow on the table.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST HIS NON-FUNCTIONAL RIGHT ARM, F.G., as he exam-
text: ines it. He picks up an X-ACTO KNIFE and cuts deeply into
text: the skin of his forearm.
text: His expression is one of mild concentration.
text: E.C.U. - FOREARM, as he pulls back a large flap of skin to
text: reveal a complex trunk of SHEATHED CABLES AND HYDRAULICS.
text: They slide as he moves his fingers.
text: RESUME MEDIUM, as Terminator uses a rag to wipe away the
text: blood. With small screwdrivers he begins to patiently dis-
text: assemble the damaged mechanism around the 12-guage hit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 153 INT. DIVISION HQ/INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT 153
text: The room is small, furnished with only a table and two chairs.
text: Reese, his arms handcuffed behind him, sits opposite Dr.
text: Silberman. Behind Silberman is a large mirror. A DETECTIVE
text: leans against the wall.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: So. You're a soldier.
dialog: Fighting for whom?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: With the One Thirty Second
dialog: under Perry, from '21 to '27--
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: The year 2027?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 154 INT. OBSERVATION ROOM 154
text: Vukovich and Traxler are seated in the dark room, watching
text: Reese, B.G., through the two-way mirror. Just behind the
text: glass is a VIDEO CAMERA ON A TRIPOD, aimed at Reese, and
text: a CART holding a SMALL MONITOR and VIDEOCASSETTE RECORDER.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (through speaker)
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: (quietly, to
dialog: Vukovich)
dialog: This is fucking great.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 155 INT. INTERROGATION ROOM 155
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Then I was assigned Recon/
dialog: Security, last two years,
dialog: under John Connor.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: And who was the enemy?
speaker_heading: REESE
text: SKYNET. A computer defense system
speaker_heading: built for SAC-NORAD by Cyber
dialog: Dynamics. A modified Series
dialog: 4800.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: I see. And this...computer,
dialog: thinks it can win by killing
dialog: the mother of its enemy, kill-
dialog: ing him, in effect, before he
dialog: is even conceived? A sort of
dialog: retroactive abortion?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 156 INT. OBSERVATION ROOM 156
text: Traxler snorts and grins.
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: (to Vukovich)
dialog: That Silberman just crack me up.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: He had this guy in here last week
dialog: who set his Afghan on fire.
dialog: Screwed it first, then set it on--
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: (leaning forward)
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 157 INT. INTERROGATION ROOM
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: ...it had no choice.
dialog: The defensive grid was
dialog: smashed. We'd taken the
dialog: mainframes...
dialog: We'd won. Taking out
dialog: Connor then would make no
dialog: difference. Skynet had to
dialog: wipe out his entire exist-
dialog: ence. We captured the lab
dialog: complex. Found the...what-
dialog: ever it was called...the
dialog: time-displacement equipment.
dialog: The Terminator had already
dialog: gone through. They sent two
dialog: of us to intercept, then
dialog: zeroed the whole place.
dialog: Sumner didn't make it.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: Then how are you supposed to
dialog: get back?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Can't. Nobody goes home.
dialog: Nobody else comes through.
dialog: It's just him and me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 158 INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: E.C.U. - TERMINATOR, in profile, showing his lacerated eye.
text: He is close to a mirror, practically touching it, staring
dialog: intently.
text: MACRO - X-ACTO KNIFE lying on the dresser. Terminator's
text: fingers lift it. CAMERA TILTS TO FOLLOW as it rises to
text: his face, holds TIGHT ON left eye.
text: With a smooth motion the knife point enters the eyeball
text: and cuts away the ruins sclera and cornea, as well as part
dialog: of the damaged eyelids.
text: He wipes with a rag to clear the electronic eye's vision.
text: Revealing the faintly glowing lens mechanism, suspended in
text: a chrome socket by tiny servos.
text: The eye whirs quietly as it tracks.
text: SEQUENCE OF SHOTS, showing various repairs.
text: Terminator's right hand, its wrist SUTURED crudely, holds
text: a needle and sewing thread and starts to work on abdominal
text: wound out of frame below.
text: He slips a glove over the damaged hand.
text: A motoring cap over the blistered scalp.
text: A fresh shirt to hide his body wounds.
text: This is followed by a new overcoat.
text: C.U. - TERMINATOR, contemplating his reflection in the
text: mirror. With the hat pulled down, the collar pulled up,
text: and favoring his right profile he looks unhurt...though
text: a bit gaunt and pale.
text: A turn of his head brings the balefully glowing left eye
text: in its metal socket into view.
text: He slips on a pair of tight, wrap-around sunglasses.
text: FULL SHOT as he goes to the bed and flips up the stained
text: mattress. He picks up the Remington 12 gauge, the AR-180
text: and the .38 off the springs and leaves by the fire escape.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 159 INT. VUKOVICH'S OFFICE - NIGHT 159
text: TIGHT ON VIDEO MONITOR showing Reese in the Interrogation
dialog: Room.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (recorded)
dialog: ...It's just him and me.
text: CUT WIDE revealing Sarah, Silberman, Vukovich and Traxler
text: watching a monitor sitting amid incredible paperwork clutter
text: on a desk top.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: (recorded)
dialog: Why didn't you bring any
dialog: weapons? Something more
dialog: advanced. Don't you have
dialog: ray guns?
text: Traxler, standing in the back, grins and nudges Silberman,
text: who nods appreciatively.
text: TIGHT ON REESE'S RECORDED IMAGE - He glares at Silberman.
text: ON SARAH, as Silberman's voice is heard.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: (recorded)
dialog: Show me a piece of future
dialog: technology.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (recorded/con-
dialog: trolling his
dialog: hostility)
dialog: You go naked. Something about
dialog: the field generated by a living
dialog: organism. Nothing dead will go.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: (recorded)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (recorded)
dialog: I didn't build the fucking
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: (recorded)
dialog: Okay. Okay. But this...
dialog: (consults his
dialog: notes)
dialog: cyborg...if it's metal...
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (recorded)
text: Surrounded by living tissue.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: (recorded)
dialog: Of course.
text: The real Silberman put the tape on "PAUSE".
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: (excited)
dialog: This is great stuff. I could
dialog: make a career out of this guy.
dialog: You see how clever this part
dialog: is...how it doesn't require a
dialog: shred of proof. Most paranoid
dialog: delusions are intricate...but
dialog: this is brilliant.
text: He starts the tape again.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: (recorded)
dialog: Why were the other two women
dialog: killed?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (recorded)
dialog: Most official records were
dialog: lost in the war. The computer
dialog: knew almost nothing about
dialog: Connor's mother. Her name.
dialog: Where she lived, just the city.
dialog: No scanner pictures. The
dialog: Terminator was just being
dialog: systematic.
text: C.U. - REESE, ON SCREEN, as he goes on.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (recorded, con-
dialog: tinuing)
dialog: You've heard enough. Decide.
dialog: Are you going to release me?
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: (recorded)
dialog: I'm afraid that's not up
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (recorded/voice
dialog: rising)
dialog: Then why am I talking to you?
dialog: Get out.
text: ON SARAH, DOLLYING SLOWLY IN TO C.U. as we hear Reese
text: begin to shout.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: (recorded)
dialog: I can help you...
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Who is in authority here?
text: C.U. REESE, ON SCREEN, as he looks straight at the camera.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (recorded)
dialog: You still don't get it.
dialog: He'll find her. That's
dialog: what he does. All he does...
text: MEDIUM ON VUKOVICH, gesturing to Silberman, who is near the
dialog: machine, to kill it.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (recorded, con-
dialog: tinuing)
dialog: You can't stop him. He'll
dialog: wade through you...
text: C.U. - REESE, ON SCREEN, rising partway out of his chair,
dialog: yelling.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (recorded, continuing)
dialog: ...reach down her throat, and
dialog: pull her fucking heart out...
text: The screen goes black.
text: Vukovich has cut off the tape.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: (glancing around)
dialog: Sorry.
text: C.U. - SARAH staring at the empty screen.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (turning)
dialog: So Reese is crazy.
speaker_heading: SILBERMAN
dialog: In technical terminology,
dialog: he's a loon.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: But...
text: Vukovich hands her something that looks like umpire's
dialog: padding.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: Sarah, this is body armor.
dialog: Out TAC guys wear it. It'll
dialog: stop a 12 gauge round. This
dialog: other individual must've had
text: one under his coat.
dialog: Sarah want to believe him. God help her if he's wrong.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: But what about him punching
dialog: through the windshield?
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Probably on PCP, broke every
dialog: bone in his hand and won't feel
dialog: it for hours. There was this
dialog: guy once that...
text: Vukovich cuts him off with a gesture and sits beside Sarah
dialog: on the bench.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: Why don't you just stretch out
dialog: here and get some sleep. It'll
dialog: take your mom a good hour to get
dialog: here from Redlands.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I can't sleep.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: Go ahead. You're safe. There're
dialog: thirty cops in this building.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Okay.
text: She lays her head on a wadded up blanket as everyone
text: leaves the office.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 159A INT. CORRIDOR
text: Vukovich pauses outside the door, lost in thought. Traxler
text: studies him for a second.
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: What?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Ed, come on...the guy's a
dialog: wacko.
text: Vukovich glances up.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: He'd better be.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 160 INT. POLICE DEPARTMENT FOYER - NIGHT 160
text: Silberman can be seen through a glass partition next to
text: the bullet-proof glass booth enclosing the NIGHT DESK
text: SERGEANT'S counter. The Sergeant hits a button and there
text: is a loud BULL-CLACK. The electric bolt on the security
text: door opens and Silberman steps out.
text: As he exits the station, he passes Terminator just coming in
text: the front door. He glances at the pale apparition in cap
text: and dark wrap-arounds, but goes on.
text: Terminator approaches the Desk Sergeant who barely glances
text: up when he speaks.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I'm a friend of Sarah Connor.
dialog: I was told she is here. Can
dialog: I see her, please?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: You can't see here. She's
dialog: making a statement.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (laconically)
dialog: Look. It's gonna be a while.
dialog: You wanna wait. There's a
dialog: bench.
text: Terminator steps back, scanning the booth, the electric
text: door, the rooms beyond.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: I'll come back.
text: He turns and walks out through the front doors.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST DESK SERGEANT, F.G. - ON FRONT DOORS, the officer
text: is absorbed in paperwork, not watching as a pair of lights
text: get BRIGHTER outside the doors. RAPIDLY. He glances up
text: at the last second as the glare falls fully on him. CRASH!
text: Several cops and late night loiterers scatter as a car
text: smashes into the foyer. It blasts through the sergeant's
text: booth, crushing him in the wreckage.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 161 INT. DIVISION HQ/VUKOVICH'S OFFICE 161
text: Sarah, lying on the couch, jerks awake as the crash
text: REVERBERATES through the building. She sits up, bleary-
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 162 INT. DIVISION HQ/CORRIDOR 162
text: Through the hole in the splintered wall we see Terminator
text: leap out of the car.
text: He vaults the hood and smashes through the debris of the
dialog: wall.
text: Leaps to the corridor floor in a shower of plaster fragments.
text: He brandishes the AR-180 like a pistol in one hand, the
dialog: .38 in the other.
text: The shotgun dangles at his side on a shoulder sling.
text: LOW ANGLE DOLLY, preceding him as he starts down the
dialog: corridor.
text: ANGLE ON LOUNGE DOORWAY as TWO COPS run into the hall,
text: one carrying a cup of coffee.
text: Terminator fires a burst from the assault rifle.
text: ANGLE ON COPS - They are flung backward in a spray of
dialog: coffee and plaster.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 163 INT. DIVISION HQ/VUKOVICH'S OFFICE
text: Sarah is alert now with growing alarm. The sound of
text: GUNFIRE is faint...but unmistakable. Her expression
text: shows the dawning certainty of what is happening.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 164 INT. DIVISION HQ/CORRIDOR 164
text: Terminator steps over the bodies of the two cops without
dialog: breaking stride.
text: OVER HIS SHOULDER, MOVING WITH HIM as he walks down the
text: hall. Comes to a door. Tries it. Locked.
dialog: Kicks it in.
text: A DESK COP, drawing his gun, sprints for cover.
text: ANGLE ON TERMINATOR raising the AR-180.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 165/FX INT. DIVISION HQ/OFFICE - TERMINATOR'S POV 165/FX
text: In computer-enhanced vision we see the cop dash around a
text: corner in SLOW MOTION. As he disappears behind the wall
text: an ANIMATED OUTLINE OF HIM is still visible...a PROBABILISTIC
text: EXTRAPOLATION OF HIS MOTION. There is a target cross-
text: hair following the figure.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 166 INT. DIVISION HQ/OFFICE - BEHIND WALL 166
text: The wall erupts with a volley of shots beside the running
text: cop and he is flung OUT OF FRAME.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 167 INT. VUKOVICH'S OFFICE 167
text: Shots are echoing in the hallway as Vukovich whips open
text: the door, startling the hell out of Sarah.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: Stay here.
text: He turns the locking knob and slams the door.
dialog: Leaving her alone.
text: She flinches as more SHOTS SOUND. CLOSER.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 167A INT. CORRIDOR 167A
text: Terminator rips the cover off the station's main electrical
text: panel. He pulls loose the hose-like 440 volt
text: incoming line and feeds it directly into the lighting
dialog: circuit.
text: All down the corridor the overhead fluorescent units
text: explode, showering sparks and glass.
text: The building is plunged into darkness.
text: Arcs SPUTTER and FLARE, lighting the corridors strobo-
dialog: scopically.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 167B INT. VUKOVICH'S OFFICE 167B
text: Sarah's terror skyrockets when the ceiling lamp explodes
text: and the office goes black.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 168 INT. CORRIDOR 168
text: Through the smoke and emergency spotlights Terminator moves
text: forward, inexorably.
text: A door behind him opens. A COP fires, hitting him in
text: the shoulder. Terminator fires straight-arm with the .38
text: without slowing, killing the cop, then fires down the
text: corridor with the assault rifle.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 169 INT. INTERROGATION ROOM 169
text: Traxler leaves the other detective to guard Reese, who is
text: still handcuffed to the chair.
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: (exciting)
dialog: Watch him.
text: The door closes.
text: An instant later a chair smashes over the detective's
text: back, just as he is turning toward his prisoner.
text: Reese is on him, scrabbling for the keys.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 170 INT. CROSS CORRIDOR 170
text: Traxler is running down the hall through smoke and the
text: wild strobing of electrical fires as Vukovich steps
text: out of an armory room. He tosses Traxler an M-16 and
dialog: they run on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 171 INT. MAIN CORRIDOR 171
text: Terminator stops before another door. He BLASTS the lock
text: with the riot-gun. Flings open the door, scanning.
dialog: Moves on.
text: He is hit twice, chest and leg.
text: Firelight flickers from an office doorway as he passes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 172 INT. VUKOVICH'S OFFICE 172
text: Sarah scrabbles for a place to hide in the darkened room
text: but it's so tiny. Behind the desk. She crouches unable to
text: believe she has awakened into the same nightmare.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 173 INT. OFFICE NEARBY 173
text: ANGLE ON DOOR as it splinters open and Terminator stands,
text: guns raised. A COP fires from behind a desk.
text: Terminator sprays the room.
dialog: Starts to reload.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 174 INT. CORRIDOR
text: Vukovich edges open a door and fires half a clip into
text: Terminator's back. His eyes bulge as the intruder turns,
text: slamming a clip into his rifle and calmly fires two rounds.
text: Traxler drags Vukovich's body back inside the room.
speaker_heading: TRAXLER
dialog: Ed! Ed...?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 175 INT. CORRIDOR 175
text: TIGHT ON TERMINATOR, moving forward, intent
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 176 INT. VUKOVICH'S OFFICE 176
text: MEDIUM ON SARAH, her teeth are chattering with fear as
text: SHOTS echo nearby. There is the RHYTHMIC THUNDER of the
text: shotgun, rattling AUTOMATIC FIRE, SCREAMING, and the sound
text: of RUNNING FEET. Getting closer.
text: SLOW DOLLY IN ON SARAH begins, ending in TIGHT C.U. as the
text: sounds get louder. More SHOTS.
text: Smoke begins to seep under the door.
text: DETAIL - DOORKNOB rattling as it is tried from outside.
text: E.C.U. - SARAH stifling a cry. She flinches as if slapped
dialog: as SHOTS sound.
text: DETAIL - DOOR KNOB, a series of SHOTS shatter the lock.
text: FULL ON DOORWAY - The door bangs open and a figure stands
text: silhouetted in the smoky hallway, holding a pistol.
text: E.C.U. - SARAH, as she closes her eyes. Holds her breath.
speaker_heading: REESE (V.O.)
dialog: Sarah?
text: FULL SHOT - She scrambles out from beneath the desk and runs
text: to him in the thickening smoke.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 177 CONNECTING OFFICES 177
text: PANAGLIDE FOLLOWING REESE AND SARAH as they cross the
text: corridor and move through a series of offices, doubling back
text: toward the main entrance.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 178 INT. OFFICE 178
text: Sarah and Reese move rapidly through the smoke.
text: Gunfire sounds nearby. They pass bodies.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH (V.O.)
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Reese!
text: They find the Lieutenant propped in a corner, dying.
text: Reese bends toward him.
text: Vukovich holds out his custom Colt Python .357.
speaker_heading: VUKOVICH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You just keep her alive. Do
dialog: what you have to.
text: Reese snatches the gun and the keys and runs on.
text: C.U. - VUKOVICH watching them go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 179 INT./EXT. OFFICES/SIDE ENTRANCE - NIGHT 179
text: FAST PANAGLIDE PRECEDING TERMINATOR as he runs through
text: the smoky rooms. A fire is burning, lighting everything
text: a flickering orange.
text: He emerges onto a landing through a side entrance. PAN
text: to follow his line of sight as he snaps the AR-180 to
text: his shoulder. B.G. a BLUE VOLKSWAGEN RABBIT is roaring
text: away across the parking lot.
text: TIGHT ON TERMINATOR aiming carefully. He pulls the trigger.
text: It clicks...empty. Slowly he lowers the scope-sight from
text: his eye and watches them go.
text: Terminator limps down the steps from the landing and walks
text: away as the fire spreads behind the windows of Division
dialog: Headquarters.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 180 INT. RABBIT - NIGHT 180
scene_heading: DETAIL - GAS GAUGE, it reads EMPTY.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 181 EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT 181
text: The Rabbit is stopped on the shoulder of a two lane
text: secondary road winding through the hills north of L.A.
text: Reese is fishing objects out of the car's trunk and
text: handing them to Sarah, who holds a flashlight.
text: He hands her a blanket, some road flares, and a first
text: aid kit. Then he slams the trunk. Reaching through the
text: side window, he turns the wheel and pushes the car off
text: the shoulder, over the embankment.
text: DOWN ANGLE INTO RAVINE, past Sarah and Reese, as the car
text: trundles down crashing through the underbrush to dis-
text: appear among the trees.
text: Reese looks out across the valley and the lights of L.A.
text: A helicopter circles in the distance, searchlight on.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Let's get off the road.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 182 INT./EXT. DRAINAGE CULVERT - NIGHT 182
text: ANGLE LOOKING OUT from the mouth of an enclosed concrete
text: storm drain that passes under the road. Reese, followed
text: by Sarah, trudges down the slope and ducks inside.
text: The floor is wet but he doesn't seem to mind.
text: They both hunker down with their backs to the concrete,
dialog: facing each other.
text: They look beaten, grimy, exhausted.
text: She huddles under the blanket, waif-like.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: You cold?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Freezing.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Come here.
text: She sits beside him and they wrap their arms around each
text: other with the blanket covering both of them.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Reese...you got a first name?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Kyle.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Kyle, what's it like when you
dialog: go through time?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: White light. Pain. Like
dialog: being ripped inside out...
dialog: slowly. Like being born,
dialog: maybe.
text: Sarah scowls and draws her hand out from under his jacket.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You're wet. Oh my god.
text: In the beam of the flashlight her hand is glistening
dialog: with blood.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: I caught one, back there.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Caught one? You mean you
dialog: got shot?
dialog: Reese shrugs.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: It's not bad.
text: Sarah sits up and turns toward him.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We gotta get you to a doctor.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: It's okay. Forget it.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Forget it? Are you crazy?
dialog: Let me see it.
text: Sarah opens his jacket and the flashlight beam shows his
text: shirt bloodsoaked at the shoulder.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Jeez. You idiot. Take
dialog: this off.
text: She cradles the flashlight between her knees and opens
text: the first aid kit as he removes his jacket.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (looking at the
dialog: wound)
dialog: See. Missed everything.
dialog: Passed through the meat.
text: Sarah starts swabbing the flesh wound.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: This is gonna make me puke.
dialog: Talk about something.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Just talk. Tell me about
dialog: my son. Is he tall?
text: She places a gauze pad in place and starts to wrap it.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: About my height. He
dialog: has your--
dialog: (winces)
dialog: ...damn...he has your
dialog: eyes.
text: Sarah glances at his face for a second and then goes back
dialog: to work.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What's he like?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (thoughtful)
dialog: You trust him. He's got that
dialog: strength. You'd die in a
dialog: second for John.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Well, at least I know what
dialog: to name him. I don't suppose
dialog: you'd know who the father is?
dialog: So I don't tell him to get
dialog: lost when I meet him.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: John never said much about
text: him. He dies. Even before
dialog: the war...
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Stop! I don't want to know.
dialog: Hold still. So...it was John
dialog: that ordered you here?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: I volunteered.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You volunteered?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: It was an honor. A chance
dialog: to meet the legend. Sarah
dialog: Connor. Who taught her son
dialog: to fight...organize, prepare.
dialog: From when he was a kid. When
dialog: you were in hiding, before
dialog: the war.
text: She stops taping. She seems lost, her bravado dissipated.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You talk about things I haven't
dialog: done yet in the past tense. It's
dialog: making me crazy. I can't think.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Are you sure you've got the
dialog: right person?
text: Reese appraises her coldly.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: I'm sure.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Come on, me? The mother
dialog: of the future? Am I tough?
dialog: Organized? I can't even balance
dialog: my checkbook. I cry when I see
dialog: a cat that's been run over...
dialog: and I don't even like cats.
text: She pulls the bandage tight with a knot.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Ow! No, it's okay. It's
dialog: better tight.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: And anyway, what do I know
dialog: about guerrilla warfare?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: You'll learn.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Look, Reese, I didn't ask for
dialog: this honor and I don't want it.
dialog: Any of it.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: John gave me a message for
dialog: you. Made me memorize it.
dialog: 'Sarah"...this is the message...
dialog: 'Sarah, thank you. For your
dialog: courage through the dark years.
dialog: I can't help you with what you
dialog: must soon face, except to tell
dialog: you that the future is not set...
dialog: there is no such thing as Fate,
dialog: but what we make for ourselves
dialog: by our own will. You must be
dialog: stronger than you imagine you
dialog: can be. You must survive, or I
dialog: will never exist.' That's all.
text: Sarah stares at him as the enormity of it all becomes real
text: to her. Reese moves his arm, testing the bandage.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Good field-dressing.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: You like it? It's my first.
text: He rebuttons his shirt and they return to the warmth-
text: conserving embrace. Sarah gazes out the entrance, into
dialog: the night.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Sleep. It'll be light soon.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (closing her
dialog: eyes)
dialog: Okay. Talk some more.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (murmuring)
dialog: About where you're from.
text: Kyle watches the helicopter circling far in the distance.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Alright.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You stay down by day, but at
dialog: night you can move around.
dialog: The H-K's use infra-red so you
dialog: still have to watch out.
dialog: But they're not too bright.
dialog: John taught us ways to dust them
dialog: them. That's when the infiltra-
dialog: tors started to appear. The
dialog: Terminators were the newest,
dialog: the worst...
text: During his monologue we have PANNED into the darkness outside
text: and to the helicopter, which flies OUT OF FRAME, leaving
text: black. A ROTOR ROAR fades up.
speaker_heading: CUT IN BLACK TO:
scene_heading: 183/FX EXT. CITY RUINS, 2029 - NIGHT 183/FX
text: Black sky. Stars.
text: With a roar an AERIAL PATROL CRAFT enters close overhead.
text: It has flashing red and blue lights and powerful search-
text: lights which stab down.
speaker_heading: TILT DOWN
text: to a vista of moonlit devastation.
text: White ash blows in drifts among fire-gutted ruins.
text: Blackened bones lie everywhere in heaps.
text: Searchlights sweep the night.
text: Another aerial unit hovers several blocks away, firing
text: tracers into the ruins.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 184/FX EXT. RUINS/STREET - NIGHT 184/FX
speaker_heading: LOW ANGLE
text: as a gleaming chrome H-K grinds through the debris of the
text: shattered street on its tank-like tracks, crushing burnt
dialog: skulls.
text: Its head turns slowly, playing high-intensity lights over the
dialog: buildings.
text: Its hydraulic arms are folded, mantis-like, against its
text: 'torso'. After it passes a number of human figures dart
dialog: from shadow to shadow, B.G.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 185 INT. TUNNELS - NIGHT 185
text: Reese is among a SQUAD OF MEN in black fatigues, carrying
text: equipment and energy rifles, who enter a debris-littered
dialog: tunnel.
text: PANAGLIDE WITH THEM as they trot through a labyrinth of
text: tunnels, pass several guard-posts. Reese has a GERMAN
text: SHEPHERD on a short leash.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 186 INT. PARKING STRUCTURE - NIGHT 186
text: The platoon enters a cavernous chamber, an old parking
text: structure, in which a large group is gathering.
text: As the entrance, ARMED SENTRIES with dogs are passing in
text: new arrivals: men wearing mismatched uniforms or rags and
text: carrying all types of weapons from lasers to shotguns.
text: Weapons are left at the sentry post.
text: FOLLOWING REESE as he patrols the perimeter.
text: He walks along a row of CARS, models from the eighties and
text: nineties, now stripped, rusty and modified to carry weapons.
dialog: There are conventional military vehicles as well.
text: He passes several family groups.
text: Gaunt kids are huddles around an old TV SET.
text: Its glow bathes them.
text: REVERSE ANGLE reveals that the set has been gutted and a
text: small cookfire crackles inside the shell.
text: Nearby a kid has a LARGE RAT cornered and is whacking it
dialog: with a stick.
text: Reese pauses at the end of the row of vehicles and unsnaps
text: a pocket in his tunic, removing a small paper rectangle,
dialog: a worn photograph.
text: C.U. - REESE, gazing down. His head snaps around at the
text: sudden sound of BARKING.
text: ANGLE ON SENTRY POST as the dogs go crazy.
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Terminator!
text: An innocuous, RAG-DRESSED MAN flips back his poncho to
text: reveal a powerful PLASMA-RIFLE. He opens FIRE, running
text: forward. ENERGY BOLTS rip into the crowd.
text: MOVING WITH REESE, running toward the Terminator.
speaker_heading: RAPID CUTS:
text: POWERBOLTS EXPLODE among the fleeing people.
text: Beams sear the darkness.
text: A running CHILD is BURST by a plasma hit.
text: ANGLE ON REESE running. He levels his energy-rifle and
text: starts firing. A powerbolt grazes his cheek, EXPLODING
text: a support column behind him. Part of the ROOF COLLAPSES
dialog: as Reese tumbles.
text: Everything is lit as if by lightning.
text: C.U. - REESE, semi-conscious. Burned. Bleeding.
text: Impressions implode on him: running feet, flashes, energy
text: beams raking the ground leaving molten worm-tracks, scream-
text: ing, a burning dog howling.
dialog: DETAIL - The picture Reese has been looking at has fallen,
text: forgotten. It catches fire and starts to curl. Before
text: the image vanishes we see that it is a picture of Sarah.
text: Reese looks up.
text: A figure looms above, a silhouette in the smoky, hellish
text: glare. THE TERMINATOR. Its eyes glow red.
text: A brilliant EXPLOSION WHITES OUT THE SCREEN.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 187 INT. CULVERT - DAWN 187
text: C.U. - SARAH, brightly lit by daylight. Asleep. She grimaces
text: and groans.
text: In the distance a dog is barking.
text: Reese, still holding her, lightly lifts her hair from her
text: face. An uncharacteristically tender gesture. He gently
text: caresses her cheek with the backs of his fingers. When
text: she awakens suddenly he snaps his hand away.
text: Sarah looks around, momentarily disoriented. Looks up at
dialog: Reese.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I was dreaming about dogs.
text: Reese extricates himself from her and steps out of the
dialog: culvert.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: We used them to spot Terminators.
text: Sarah groans as she straightens her legs.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Your world...it's pretty
dialog: terrifying.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 189 EXT. HIGHWAY - DAWN 189
text: Sarah catches up to him just as he is about to try and
text: stop an approaching car. She pulls his gun hand down with
dialog: both of hers.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Put that away. I'll get one.
text: She hold out her thumb to passing traffic.
text: Reese watches this incomprehensible ceremony skeptically.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: This works...really.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 189A EXT. HIGHWAY/PICKUP - DAY 189A
text: Reese and Sarah are crammed into the cab of a beat-to-hell
text: PICKUP TRUCK with the DRIVER, obviously a surfer. Laid-
text: back, long-haired and well-tanned.
text: Reese glowers and watches the scenery through slitted eyes.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: ...and when it breaks right
dialog: off the point they get some
dialog: pretty rad tubes up there.
dialog: Not awesome, but I mean, worth
dialog: the drive, if you're hardcore
dialog: like me.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (to Sarah)
dialog: Rad tubes?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (to Reese)
dialog: He's a surfer.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: You from back East of
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No, he's from the future.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Whoah. I hear that.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Listen, I had a rough
dialog: night. I gotta stop and
dialog: bag some Z's.
text: They pull off the highway toward a gas station/rest area.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 190 EXT. SERVICE STATION - DAY 190
text: The gas station is like an oasis of clutter in a rolling
text: stretch of meadows and woods. It consists of a bunker-
text: like building with restrooms and a flanking PICNIC AREA,
dialog: beyond which are WOODS.
text: People sit under the trees, enjoying the beautiful day
dialog: while children tear around after the forced inactivity of
dialog: a long trip.
text: The three of them get out on unsteady legs.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: You can still ride if
dialog: you wanna hang out for a
dialog: couple hours.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Bag some Z's?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Let's get cleaned up, Kyle.
text: She heads for the WOMEN'S RESTROOM and Kyle follows her
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (pushing him out)
dialog: Yours is over there.
text: Instead of following her directions to the Men's Room,
text: Kyle wanders toward the drinking fountain. A bunch of
text: kids are running around and throwing water at each other
dialog: with paper cups.
text: Reese shambles through them like a zombie.
text: He stands among the children, an alien in this land without
text: fear. He watches people at picnic tables laughing and
text: listening to portable music. Kids squeal. Dogs bark.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL (V.O.)
dialog: Can you get my balloon?
text: DOWN ANGLE on an achingly beautiful LITTLE GIRL of about
text: four. She points above his head.
text: Reese looks up to see a helium-filled mylar balloon stuck in
text: the foliage of a tree just above him. He pulls it down by
text: the string and holds it, turning it over dully.
text: He crouches down to her eye-level. She smiles.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Aren't you afraid to be out in
dialog: the open like this?
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: Huh?
text: Reese whirls reflexively at a SCREAM behind him. The
text: mylar balloon bursts in his tense hands. A teenage girl
text: is being doused with water by the boys with plastic jugs.
text: The little girl looks at the broken balloon, then glares
text: at Reese. She punches him soundly on the shoulder and
dialog: storms off.
text: At this moment she is bowled over by an IRISH SETTER that
text: licks her face while she shrieks with laughter.
text: Reese seems about to smile but doesn't quite know how to
dialog: go about it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 191 EXT. SERVICE STATION/PAY PHONE - DAY 191
text: Sarah is talking on an open pay phone.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: ...I know, Mom. This is the
dialog: soonest I could...I know.
dialog: Mom...Mom, I can't talk long.
dialog: No, I'm okay.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I was on TV? Really?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Oh no, I hate that picture...
dialog: why didn't you give them my
dialog: graduation picture?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'm okay, really. Listen, I
dialog: want you to pack some stuff
dialog: and go up to the cabin for a
dialog: few days. Just don't...no,
dialog: don't ask any questions.
dialog: Just do it. I gotta get
dialog: going...gotta go. Bye, bye.
text: Sarah has been idly leafing through the DIRECTORY. On
text: a whim she looks up something.
text: She freezes for a moment when she finds the listing.
text: Then with a triumphant expression she rips the page out
dialog: of the book.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 192 EXT. SERVICE STATION/PICNIC TABLE - DAY 192
text: Sarah is sitting at a table under a tree, lettering
text: something with a lipstick on a cardboard box-flap.
text: E.C.U. - SIGN, as the last letters are finished.
dialog: It reads:
speaker_heading: SILICON VALLEY
text: FULL ON SARAH as she retracts the lipstick and leans
text: across to hand it to a girl at the next table.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Thanks a lot.
speaker_heading: REESE (V.O.)
dialog: What's that?
text: Sarah looks up, startled to see him standing beside her.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: That's where we're going.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Why?
text: Sarah point to the directory page lying on the table.
speaker_heading: MACRO - PAGE
text: Sarah's finger points to a listing which reads:
speaker_heading: CYBER DYNAMICS CORPORATION
dialog: 18144 El Camino Real, S'Vale
text: ANGLE ON SARAH AND REESE
text: She looks smug.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Look. I found it. Isn't
dialog: that it? Cyber Dynamics
dialog: Corporation?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Didn't you say that they're
dialog: going to develop this
dialog: revolutionary new thing...
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Molecular-memory.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Whatever...they become the
dialog: hotshot computer guys so they
dialog: get the job to build El Computer
dialog: Grande...Skynet...for the
dialog: government. Right?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (uneasy)
dialog: That's the way it was told
dialog: to me.
text: Sarah's fear has been replaced by excitement.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Well, we're gonna uninvent the
dialog: bastard. Eighty-six it. We'll
dialog: blow up the place...burn it
dialog: down. Something.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (very cold)
dialog: Tactically dangerous. We
dialog: lay low.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Reese. Think it through.
dialog: We can prevent the war.
dialog: Nobody else is gonna do it.
dialog: If we go to anybody official
dialog: we wind up back in jail and
dialog: then that walking cuisinart
dialog: has got us again. We have to
dialog: so it ourselves.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: That's not my mission.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (upset, mocking
dialog: his manner)
dialog: Listen. Understand. I'm
dialog: not a military objective,
dialog: Reese. I'm a person...
dialog: You don't own me.
text: Reese takes her arm and pulls her to her feet.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Let's go. Time to move out.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Fuck you! Let go of me!
text: She jerks her arm free. He reaches for her again but
text: she outdistances him, running.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (warning tone)
dialog: Sarah!
text: She dashes down a footpath among the trees, clutching her
text: sign. Reese follows her into the woods.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 193 EXT. WOODS/CLEARING - DAY 193
text: Only a few yards from the picnic area, the woods take over
dialog: completely.
speaker_heading: PANNING WITH SARAH
text: as she runs down the path.
text: Reese tackles her from behind and they fall together in
dialog: the long spring grass.
text: She struggles violently to get away.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Let...go...bastard...
text: She gets one arm free and whacks him hard in the face.
text: Reese reacts instinctively, leaping back in a defensive
text: crouch. Sarah freezes when she sees the .357 in his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (continuing,
dialog: scared, but
dialog: angry)
dialog: Oh, that's real smart.
dialog: Go on, shoot me. That's
dialog: brilliant.
text: Reese is trembling as he lowers the gun.
text: Sarah too is shaking with emotion. Tears roll down her
text: cheeks and her voice cracks.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Jesus Christ, Reese. Can't
dialog: you see I'm scared?
text: He straightens up and his arms go limp at his sides.
text: He turns away.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I can't spend my life waiting
dialog: for that thing to catch up
dialog: with me...always looking over
dialog: my shoulder, wondering if I
dialog: left some tiny clue behind...
text: Reese doesn't respond.
text: The gun slips from his fingers.
text: His will seems to drain from him and he sags to his knees.
dialog: The moment stretches.
text: There is only the sunlight moving in shafts through the
text: leaves, the sound of a small stream nearby, birds chirping.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Reese?
text: She crawls over to him.
speaker_heading: C.U. - REESE
dialog: in profile, with Sarah in B.G.
text: His eyes are closed.
text: A tear meanders down his cheek.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (continuing,
dialog: quietly)
dialog: Kyle?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: I'm wrong here. I wasn't
dialog: meant to see this...
text: He gestures at their surroundings.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: It's...like some dream.
dialog: This...this...
text: He touches the grass, the trunk of a tree.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...and you...all so...beauti-
dialog: ful. It hurts, Sarah. More
dialog: than death.
text: He looks are her beseechingly.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Don't you understand...it's
dialog: all gone!
text: Sarah puts her arm around him.
text: She sniffs and wipes at her nose with the back of her hand.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We can change it, Kyle. We
dialog: have to try.
text: She takes his shoulder in her hands.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: There's no fate but what we
dialog: make for ourselves. Right?
dialog: Come on. Let's go, kiddo.
dialog: Whaddya say?
text: He picks up her sign and they look at each other for a
dialog: second, then get up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 194 INT. TERMINATOR'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY 194
text: Terminator sits in his room with the blinds drawn tight.
text: Murky. Claustrophobic. With knife-slits of hot sunlight.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM ON TERMINATOR
text: sitting on the edge of the bed.
dialog: His appearance isn't improving.
text: A patch of SCALP is blown away, revealing CHROME underneath.
text: A flap of skin dangles from his cheek, which exposes some
dialog: of the DRIVE CABLES which move the lips.
text: He is scanning Sarah's address book, turning a page every
dialog: two seconds.
speaker_heading: C.U. - TERMINATOR
text: his eyes tracking rapidly. His skin is waxy, WHITE, BRUISED,
text: GANGRENOUS in places. He ignores the FEW FLIES crawling
dialog: on his face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 194A/FX POV - TERMINATOR 194A/FX
dialog: Showing Sarah's book.
dialog: In microseconds the handwritten entries are translated
text: into CRT-type characters and displayed to one side of the
text: screen. This updates instantly as the page is turned.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 195 INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR - DAY 195
text: A MIDDLE-AGED MAN with a torn T-shirt covering his paunch
text: knocks on the door. He is wheeling a trash cart.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Hey, buddy, you got a
dialog: dead cat in there of what?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 196 INT. TERMINATOR'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY 196
speaker_heading: TIGHT ON TERMINATOR
text: as he looks up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 197/FX POV - TERMINATOR 197/FX
text: The digitized image PANS to the door and a LOGIC-FLOW
text: DIAGRAM appears overlaid in color-coded words. It con-
dialog: cluded with a list of potential appropriate responses:
speaker_heading: YES/NO
speaker_heading: OR WHAT
speaker_heading: GO AWAY
speaker_heading: PLEASE COME BACK LATER
speaker_heading: FUCK YOU
speaker_heading: FUCK YOU, ASSHOLE
text: The last begins to FLASH, and enlarges to fill the screen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 198 RESUME ANGLE
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR
dialog: Fuck you, asshole.
text: He returns to his scan.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 199 INT. CORRIDOR - DAY 199
text: The man shrugs and walks down the hall.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 200 EXT. MOTEL - DAY
text: The two fugitives walk toward an economy motel of the
text: two-story park-by-the-door variety.
text: Sarah turns to wave as a TRACTOR-TRAILER pulls away noisily,
text: heading back to the Interstate. The driver answers her wave
text: out the side window. Reese stops for a moment outside the
text: motel office to pet a GERMAN SHEPHERD sitting on the porch.
text: The dog wags its tail and licks his hand.
text: Reese opens the door and they go in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 201 INT. MOTEL OFFICE - DAY 201
text: Reese pulls a crumpled wad of bills from his jeans and shows
dialog: it to Sarah.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Is this enough?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Yes. And I don't want to
dialog: know where you got it.
text: She turns to the desk clerk, a female version of the pawn-
dialog: shop lizard.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (to clerk)
dialog: We need a room...with a
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 202 INT. MOTEL ROOM - DUSK
text: Kyle and Sarah enter the spartan room.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'm dying for a shower. You
dialog: could use one too. And we'd
dialog: better check that bandage.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Later. I'm going out for
dialog: materiel. Keep this.
text: He hands her the .38 he took off the detective.
text: She takes it without thinking as he leaves then realizes
text: that she has A LOADED GUN IN HER HAND, without the slightest
text: idea of how to use it. She lays it gently on the dresser.
text: As an afterthought, she turns it with one finger so that it
text: is pointing the other way.
text: Sarah moves the curtain slightly and looks outside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 203 EXT. MOTEL - DUSK 203
text: Reese walks away toward a commercial area visible down the
dialog: road.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 204 INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 204
text: Sarah is on the phone, her hair still wet from a shower.
text: She sits on the bed with a towel wrapped around her.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: ...No, Mom, I can't tell you
dialog: where I am. I was told not
dialog: to say.
speaker_heading: SARAH'S MOM (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: But honey, I need to know where
dialog: I can reach you or I'll be
dialog: worried sick. It turns out I
dialog: can't stay up here...the
dialog: electricity's off...and I don't
dialog: know just where I'll be.
dialog: Sarah hesitates, then:
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Okay, here's the number. Are
dialog: you ready?
speaker_heading: SARAH'S MOM (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 205 INT. MOUNTAIN CABIN - NIGHT 205
text: SLOW PAN around the room as the conversation between Sarah
text: and her Mom continues, completely VOICE OVER.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: It's 408-972-1439. Room 14.
speaker_heading: SARAH'S MOM (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: I got it.
text: The PAN continues, revealing an overturned chair.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Okay, I've gotta go. I'm
dialog: sorry I can't tell you very
dialog: much now, Mom. I love you.
text: The PAN comes to a table. Smashed plates. Spilled coffee.
text: A spatter of blood. A phone. It follows the phone cord
text: onto Terminator in CLOSE-UP as he continues in a perfect
dialog: simulation of her mother's voice...
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR (MOTHER'S VOICE)
dialog: I love you too, sweetheart.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 206 INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 206
text: Sarah hangs up the phone, vaguely disturbed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 207 INT. MOUNTAIN CABIN - NIGHT 207
text: Terminator rapidly dials the number Sarah gave.
speaker_heading: TERMINATOR (HIS VOICE)
dialog: Hello.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Tell me your address there.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 208 INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 208
scene_heading: TIGHT ON SEVERAL GROCERY BAGS
text: covering the counter beside the hot-plate in the tiny
dialog: apartment.
text: Reese's hands split one open and its contents spill out.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: Sarah looks through Reese's haul.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Let's see. Corn syrup.
dialog: Ammonia. Moth balls...
dialog: Mmm. What's for dinner?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (preoccupied)
dialog: Plastique.
text: There are also boxes of shotgun shells, road flares, tape,
text: scissors, pans, a strainer and many other odd utensils,
dialog: substances, chemicals.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Nitroglycerin, basically.
dialog: Bit more stable. I learned
dialog: howto make it when I was a
dialog: kid.
text: Sarah looks a bit stricken as she contemplates the evening
dialog: ahead.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 209 EXT. HIGHWAY/CHEVY CAMARO - NIGHT 209
text: The dashlight illuminated Terminator from beneath as he drives
text: through the night. He looks like Death. His left eye
text: glows a faint red in the darkness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 210 INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 210
text: A heartwarming domestic scene.
text: Sarah and Kyle have pulled the dresser out to use as a
text: worktable. Pans, packages and bottles clutter the kitchen,
text: B.G. On the table between them are eight ten-inch lengths
text: of PLUMBER'S PIPE, threaded each end. Kyle is showing
text: Sarah how to tamp the HIGH-EXPLOSIVE PUTTY into the pipe
dialog: bombs and seal them shut.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Make sure there's none on the
dialog: threads, like this. Now screw
text: the end-cap on...very gently.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You must have had a fun child-
dialog: hood.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: That's good. Now, seven more
dialog: like that while I make fuses.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I was thinking, there's so
dialog: much I've got to show you
dialog: when we get through this.
dialog: It's mind boggling, the pos-
dialog: sibilities...Disneyland, the
dialog: beach, movies...matinees with
dialog: popcorn and foot-long hot dogs...
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Hot dogs?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I want to buy you a hot dog so
dialog: bad,Kyle...all the things you've
dialog: never seen and done. You're here,
dialog: but wherever you go, and whatever
dialog: you touch, you bring the war with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: My whole life has been combat.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I want it to be over for you.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Not possible.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I want it to be over for me too.
dialog: I feel like I slipped over some
dialog: invisible line, that I'm in your
dialog: world now. Everything's the same,
dialog: but I see it differently.
dialog: It's like, there's you and me,
dialog: and him...but nobody else can
dialog: understand or help or even touch
dialog: us.
text: Reese looks up and finally catches her gaze. He reaches
text: out for her hand and it seems he may be taking it to
dialog: comfort her.
text: But he turns her wrist to read her watch.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: We'll head out at 0200.
dialog: That gives you four hours
dialog: to sleep if you want. I'll
dialog: finish.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 211 INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 211
text: ANGLE ON TABLE - The bombs are neatly ranked, finished.
text: A nylon satchel lies nearby. The mess is cleaned up.
text: WIDE SHOT reveals Reese sitting in silent vigil at the
text: window. The room is dark, lit only by a streetlight
dialog: outside.
text: Sarah is asleep on the bed.
text: Reese sits cross-legged, shirtless, his body held rigid.
text: The image of discipline. The .357 is held loosely in one
text: hand on his lap. There is a fresh bandage on his shoulder.
text: Sarah wakes up and goes to him in the darkness. He looks
text: at her for a moment as she sits beside him, then back outside.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: He'll find us, won't he?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Probably. Sarah, if I get
dialog: zeroed...
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Don't say that.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: If I do, you have to get away,
dialog: disappear without a trace.
dialog: Different country, different
dialog: name, everything. In case they
dialog: send another one.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It'll never be over, will it?
dialog: Look at me, I'm shaking.
dialog: Some legend, huh? You must
dialog: be pretty disappointed.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: No. I'm not.
text: Several beats before Sarah speaks again. Her eyes seem
text: luminous in the dark.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Kyle, the women in your
dialog: time...what were they like?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Good fighters.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: That's not what I meant.
dialog: Was there someone special?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Someone?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: A girl. You know.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (mechanically)
dialog: No.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Never.
text: He looks away, outside the window
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Sarah studies him for a moment.
text: She's sitting slightly behind him and she puts her hands
text: on his shoulders and back, tracing the lines of his scars
dialog: with her fingertips.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: So much pain.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Pain can be controlled.
dialog: You disconnect it.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: And so you feel nothing.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: It's better that way.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (with great
dialog: sympathy)
dialog: Oh, Kyle.
text: Reese takes a long, slow breath before he answers, and when
text: he does his voice has a new quality, an unfamiliar tenderness.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: John Connor gave me a picture
dialog: of you once. I never knew
dialog: why. It was very old. Torn.
dialog: Faded. You were young, like
dialog: you are now. You weren't
dialog: smiling...just a little sad...
dialog: I always wondered what you
dialog: were thinking at that second.
text: He closes his eyes, reaches toward her. His fingertips
text: trace the contour of her nose, chin, cheeks.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I memorized every line, every
dialog: curve...
text: He opens his eyes, looking right at hers.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Sarah, I came across time
dialog: for you. I love you.
dialog: I always have.
text: Sarah is quietly overwhelmed.
text: Reese looks away.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I'm sorry. I shouldn't
dialog: have said...
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Kyle...
text: She leans forward and kisses him.
text: His face is frozen. A mask.
text: She continues, tenderly.
text: He begins to respond.
text: The dam breaks and he holds her in a tight, trembling
text: embrace, clinging to her like life itself.
text: Kyle picks her up and carries her to the bed.
text: She kisses his neck and chest, tracing his scars with
dialog: her lips.
text: He unbuttons her blouse very slowly.
text: Sarah guides his powerful hands over her.
scene_heading: A SEQUENCE OF CUTS. DETAILS. IMPRESSIONS.
text: Sarah, a very close angle, as she grimaces in divine agony.
text: Reese, his face rapt.
text: His hand, clutching the pillow as if to kill it.
text: It is explosive, torrential. A confluence of fate and will.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 212 INT. MOTEL ROOM/LATER - NIGHT 212
text: TIGHT ON SARAH AND REESE in each other's arms. Lying
text: across his chest, she surveys his face as his eyes close
dialog: drowsily.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I bet you're ticklish.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (uncompre-
dialog: hending)
dialog: Ticklish?
text: Sarah's hand moves OUT OF FRAME. After a moment Reese
text: looks down, puzzled.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (continuing
dialog: doggedly)
dialog: You'll beg for mercy in
dialog: a second.
text: Reese seems unperturbed. Finally he begins to squirm.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: I don't think I like this.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You're not supposed to.
text: Now Reese is becoming desperate. A grimace spreads across
text: his face. It becomes a grin. Then he's laughing, trying
text: to escape but she won't let him, and they collapse, laughing
dialog: together.
text: Sarah gazes at his grin, a glimpse of the Reese that might
dialog: have been, in another life.
text: A moment later the grin vanishes at the sound of dogs barking
dialog: outside.
text: Reese is off the bed in an instant, crouched tense, eyes
dialog: alert. Feral as ever.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Listen to the dogs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 213 EXT. MOTEL OFFICE - NIGHT 213
text: The German Shepherd, barking furiously, LUNGES TOWARD
text: CAMERA repeatedly, at the end of a chain.
text: A dark figure moves by in the F.G., out of the dog's reach.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 214/FX INT./EXT. MOTEL/TERMINATOR'S POV - NIGHT 214/FX
text: The digitized view is image-intensified, bright and stark
text: as a lunar landscape. PAN OFF the lunging dog to the row
text: of rooms facing the parking lot.
text: HANDHELD as we approach the doors.
text: It is WIDE ANGLE and the barrel of the AR-180 is visible at
text: the bottom of FRAME.
text: The nearest vehicle parked in front is a LARGE PICKUP TRUCK
text: WITH TWO DIRT BIKES lashed in the bed, seen prominently as
dialog: we pass.
text: The POV approaches a door. Number 14.
text: The door is KICKED OPEN.
dialog: Moving inside.
text: The assault rifle sprays the room, exploding the indistinct
text: forms on the bed. Staccato glare. Approaching the bed.
text: Nothing there put the shredded remain of sheets and pillows.
text: The POV shifts to the BACK DOOR, which is ajar, and moves
text: toward it. Through the door. Revealing an EMPTY YARD.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 215 INT. PICKUP TRUCK/PARKING LOT - NIGHT 215
text: Reese is under the dash, playing with the wires.
text: Sarah lies on the seat, clutching the nylon satchel, which
text: bulges with the explosive charges. She has dressed hastily
dialog: and is barefoot.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Light it now.
text: Sarah has been holding a BIC LIGHTER near the tip of a fuse.
text: She thumbs the flame on. The fuse catches as Reese twists
text: the wires and the engine starts to turn over.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 216 INT./EXT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 216
text: Terminator spins at the sound of the truck engine catching.
text: FAST PANAGLIDE WITH HIM as he runs the
text: length of the suite, stops outside the front door.
text: Whips the AR to his shoulder.
text: The truck is BACKING WILDLY across the lot B.G.
text: Terminator turns, looking into CAMERA as a SIZZLING SOUND
text: becomes audible.
text: DETAIL - PIPE CHARGE, lying just inside the door, in the
text: shadows. The fuse is burning.
text: WIDE SHOT - On doorway, from the parking lot, as Terminator
text: takes two leaping strides forward and the CHARGE EXPLODES.
text: The front of the building is BLOWN TO KINDLING.
text: Terminator is flung forward by the blast.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 217 EXT. STREET/PICKUP TRUCK - NIGHT 217
text: PANNING RAPIDLY as the truck shoots out of the parking lot
text: and tears down the street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 218 EXT. MOTEL - NIGHT 218
text: Terminator lies face down, motionless, F.G., as the debris
text: from the blast settles. A YOUNG GUY ON A HONDA 750 crosses
text: the parking lot and stops near him, running forward.
text: Terminator starts to get up, moving slowly.
speaker_heading: RIDER
dialog: (crouching be-
dialog: side him)
dialog: Don't try to move, buddy.
text: MOVING WITH TERMINATOR as he shoves the cyclist aside and
text: approaches the BIKE, which is STILL RUNNING.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 219/FX PARKING LOT/TERMINATOR'S POV - NIGHT 219/FX
text: Digitized POV, approaching the cycle. The image reduces
text: to GRAPHIC OUTLINES, with separate systems COLOR-CODED.
text: It breaks down suddenly into individual SIDE, TOP and PLAN
text: VIEWS. All in less than four seconds.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 220 INT./EXT. FREEWAY/PICKUP TRUCK - NIGHT 220
text: Reese slides the truck into an ON-RAMP and guns in onto the
text: freeway, burying the throttle. Traffic is light...a few
text: 18-wheelers. The truck tops out at 110 and he holds it.
text: They flicker rapidly through pools of light and shadow.
text: ANGLE OVER REESE'S SHOULDER as they hurtle forward. An
text: interchange flashes by in an instant.
text: PACING WITH THE TRUCK, looking back as a single headlight
text: arcs radically across all lanes behind them and grows
speaker_heading: BRIGHTER, CLOSING.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 221 EXT. FREEWAY - NIGHT 221
text: LOW WIDE ANGLE preceding Terminator on the bike. He is
text: tucked, getting as much speed as possible out of the 750.
text: As he GAINS ON THE CAMERA, FILLING FRAME, he unslings the
text: assault rifle. Raises it against the windstream in a one-
dialog: handed pistol grip.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 222 INT. PICKUP TRUCK - NIGHT 222
text: Reese motions Sarah to keep her head down. He pulls the
text: Colt Python from his coat pocket. Steering with his elbows,
text: he checks the load. Snaps the cylinder shut. Glances in
text: the rear mirror. Turns the wheel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 223 EXT. FREEWAY - NIGHT 223
text: WIDE ANGLE, following close to Terminator, as he closes on
text: the pickup, B.G. The truck swerves suddenly, diving around
text: a TRACTOR-TRAILER. Terminator leans hard to follow.
text: LOW WIDE ANGLE preceding the pickup and Terminator as they
text: swerve as high speed. Reese uses the slow semis as static
text: obstacles. He misses them by inches, TIRES SQUEALING.
text: ANGLE OVER SARAH'S SHOULDER, through the front window as
text: the back of a SEMI-TRAILER hurtles toward them, straight ahead.
text: HIGH ANGLE, following both vehicles as Reese feints RIGHT
text: and then skids LEFT. He slides toward the trailer in a
text: FOUR-WHEEL DRIFT as Terminator commits to the right.
text: M.C.U. - TERMINATOR, over the barrel of the AR, as he FIRES.
text: SIDE ANGLE - PASSING TRUCK-TRAILER, bullets strafe across
text: it as the pickup vanishes behind. Terminator skids the
text: bike, barely missing an abutment, and is forced onto an
speaker_heading: OFF-RAMP.
text: LOW SIDE ANGLE preceding Terminator as he roars down the
text: off-ramp without slowing. Runs the red light at the bottom
text: as a hundred miles an hour. Climbs the ON-RAMP.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 224 INT. PICKUP TRUCK - NIGHT 224
text: Sarah is buffeted as Reese fights to control the skidding
text: truck. The angle is past Reese, F.G., on Sarah.
text: Terminator appears B.G., converging rapidly as the on-ramp
text: joins the freeway.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Switch places with me.
text: She slides over him while he keeps the hammer down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 225 EXT. FREEWAY - NIGHT 225
text: Reese is out the window to the waist, aiming double-
scene_heading: handed. He FIRES. ONCE. TWICE. AGAIN.
text: They enter an interchange. Ahead lies a LONG, SWEEPING
text: CURVE, two lanes wide and elevated.
text: Terminator rocks back from a round between the eyes that
text: bares metal, the FIRES.
text: Bullets rake the pickup.
text: The windows are blown out.
text: The side mirror explodes.
text: Reese is hit. Drops the .357.
text: Sarah screams and weaves, barely in control.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 226 INT. PICKUP TRUCK - NIGHT 226
text: Sarah reaches across and pulls Reese's limp body back
text: inside. He slumps on the seat, moaning. Stunned.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Kyle...oh God...
text: He has a bullet in the chest. Another has broken his arm.
text: Sarah feels all hope recede.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 227 EXT. FREEWAY - NIGHT 227
text: Terminator crosses behind the truck, coming up on Sarah's side.
dialog: He FIRES.
text: Sarah shrieks as the doorpost next to her head CLANGS WITH
speaker_heading: HITS.
text: The short burst EMPTIES THE GUN.
text: It CLATTERS TO THE PAVEMENT a moment later, discarded.
text: Terminator draws the .38. Takes aim.
text: Sarah SCREAMS. HITS THE BREAKS HARD. CRANKS THE WHEEL.
text: GLASS behind her EXPLODES with gunfire.
text: SWERVING VICIOUSLY the truck SLAMS THE BIKE, sending it
text: FLYING INTO A GUARDRAIL. Terminator goes over the handle
dialog: bars at a hundred miles per hour.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 228 INT. PICKUP TRUCK - NIGHT 228
text: Sarah fights the wheel, losing control of the slewing pickup.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 229 EXT. FREEWAY OVERPASS - NIGHT 229
text: Terminator hits the pavement, tumbling, rolling, sliding
text: with a CHATTERING SCREECH and spraying sheets of SPARKS
text: as flesh strips away and steel screams on concrete.
text: The pickup SWAPS ENDS violently, smashing into the guardrail.
text: Terminator hits the guardrail, bounces up, tumbles along the
text: top and then pitches OUT INTO SPACE.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 230 EXT. INTERSECTING FREEWAY - NIGHT 230
text: Terminator smashes to the pavement in the middle lane and
text: lies there, face-down. Still.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 231 INT./EXT. PICKUP/OVERPASS - NIGHT 231
text: Sarah is slammed hard as the truck grinds to a stop against
text: the guardrail. She checks Kyle. He is barely conscious.
text: Sarah heaves open the door. Runs to the guardrail. Looks down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 232 EXT. LOWER FREEWAY - NIGHT 232
text: After a long moment Terminator slowly rolls over and sits up.
text: LOW ANGLE as he rises into FRAME, a mass of blood. Clothing
text: and skin in tatters.
text: HEADLIGHTS FLARE behind him and an AIRHORN BLARES.
text: FULL SHOT as a DOUBLE-TRAILER KENWORTH GASOLINE TANKER smashes
text: him down and under with a METALLIC CRASH.
text: ANGLE UNDER TANKER as Terminator rolls, clattering, and the
text: mass blurs above him. He RICOCHETS between the pavement and
text: the speeding undercarriage until a stray bounce flings him
text: up into the rear suspension.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 233 EXT. FREEWAY OVERPASS - NIGHT 233
speaker_heading: UP ANGLE ON SARAH
text: at the railing, looking down. She raises one fist into
text: the air triumphantly.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Alriiight!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 234 INT. TANKER CAB - NIGHT 234
text: The stunned DRIVER hits the brakes. His PARTNER grabs
dialog: his arm.
speaker_heading: PARTNER
dialog: Don't stop.
text: They lock eyes for a moment.
speaker_heading: DRIVER.
dialog: I have to, man.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 235 EXT. FREEWAY/TANKER 235
scene_heading: ANGLE UNDER THE REAR TRAILER
text: Terminator clings with inhuman strength to the rear suspen-
text: sion. The pavement blurs by beneath him. The air brakes
dialog: howl.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 236 EXT. FREEWAY OVERPASS - NIGHT 236
text: Sarah watches the truck roll on without leaving a body
dialog: in its wake.
text: She feels a premonitory dread.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 237 EXT. FREEWAY/TANKER - NIGHT 237
text: Beneath the braking semi, Terminator CRAWLS UPSIDE DOWN,
text: hand over hand like a HUMAN FLY, toward CAMERA. The
text: left eye GLOWS LIKE A COAL in the dark. As the pavement
text: stops beneath him he drops off and rolls out from under
dialog: the truck.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 238 INT. TANKER CAB - NIGHT 238
text: The driver looks around in astonishment as his door is
dialog: ripped open.
text: Terminator appears. A grisly apparition.
text: FLINGS THE DRIVER OUT and takes his place behind the wheel.
text: Ignoring the terrified partner, he examines the controls.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 238/FX POV - TERMINATOR 238/FX
text: In digitized cyborg-vision we see an ABSTRACT OF THE
text: INSTRUMENTS. The shift lever is extended graphically
text: down into a three-dimensional SCHEMATIC OF THE TRANS-
scene_heading: MISSION. Analytical DATA PRINTS OUT RAPID-FIRE.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 239 EXT. FREEWAY OVERPASS - NIGHT 239
text: From the railing Sarah sees the tanker below as
text: a body falls beside it, rolling.
text: The truck swings in a slow arc.
text: TEARS THROUGH THE DIVIDING FENCE.
text: Heads back toward her on the wrong side of the freeway.
text: She stares in numb horror.
text: The nightmare refuses to end.
text: She runs to the crippled pickup and sees a front tire flat,
text: shredded by a crumpled fender.
text: She searches the cab frantically for the KEYS TO THE
text: MOTORCYCLES. Finds them above the sun visor.
text: Sarah leaps into the bed of the pickup and attacks the
text: motorcycle strap-downs frantically.
text: Panting with terror she rolls the bike off the truck.
text: It crashes on its side and she falls on it painfully.
text: Straining until she CRIES OUT INVOLUNTARILY, she lifts
dialog: it upright.
text: KICKS the engine over.
speaker_heading: LOW ANGLE
text: as the tanker crashes back through the divider and starts
text: UP THE OVERPASS. Sarah is trapped in that concrete corridor.
dialog: She kicks for her life.
text: The bike catches for a moment. Dies.
text: The truck BELLOWS, down-shifting on the curving grade.
text: Sarah kicks again and again, crying out with each stroke.
dialog: Again and again, furiously.
speaker_heading: The engine CATCHES.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (rapidly)
dialog: Come on, come on, come on
dialog: ...run, you...
text: The bike runs with a healthy roar.
speaker_heading: LOW ANGLE
text: up the face of the tractor-trailer, the retaining wall blur-
text: ring by. Terminator's red eye can be seen through the wind-
dialog: shield.
text: Sarah drags Reese, stumbling,to the bike, props him on the
text: seat behind her. He clutches the satchel weakly.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hold on real tight, okay?
text: She guns the engine and roars off.
speaker_heading: LOW ANGLE
text: as the tanker demolishes the pickup a moment later, TOSSING
text: IT OVER THE SIDE LIKE A BEER CAN.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 240 EXT. FREEWAY - NIGHT 240
text: Sarah hits level freeway with a quarter-mile lead on the
text: tanker, distant B.G., but the little bike is overloaded
dialog: and she can't coax it above seventy-five.
text: ANGLE ON TANKER roaring forward, shifting up through
dialog: the gears.
text: CLOSE ON SARAH AND KYLE, his head lolling on her shoulder.
text: He starts to fall sideways.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Hold on, goddamnit!
text: He rouses slightly, gripping her tighter.
text: HIGH ANGLE - MOVING WITH BOTH VEHICLES as Sarah starts to
text: ZIGZAG desperately across all four lanes. The truck stays
text: with her, closing, its trailer WHIPLASHING VIOLENTLY.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 241 EXT./INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT 241
text: The truck is right behind them as then enter a TUNNEL.
text: A half-mile of exitless concrete and strobing fluorescent
dialog: lights.
scene_heading: M.C.U. - SARAH AND KYLE (PROCESS SHOT) - He blinks and looks
text: back at a SOLID WALL OF METAL AND LIGHTS looming behind them.
text: Sarah hunches down. They hit eighty.
text: FULL SHOT - The leviathan dwarfs them, its big tires ROARING
dialog: like the hubs of Hell.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 242 EXT. FREEWAY - NIGHT 242
text: The tanker is twenty feet behind them as they clear the
text: tunnel. Sarah dodges to one side and LOCKS THE BRAKES.
text: The bike slides, fish-tailing.
text: The truck roars past, hitting the air-brakes.
text: The trailers force her closer and closer to the guardrail
text: as Terminator tries to sandwich her.
text: The bike slides to a stop.
text: The rearmost set of trailer wheels slams into the guardrail
text: right in front of Sarah.
text: Sarah emerges from a cloud of tire smoke, cutting across
text: all four lances behind the stopped semi.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 243 EXT. FREEWAY EMBANKMENT - NIGHT 243
text: Sarah tries to ride down the steep embankment but loses
text: control, spilling the bike. She and Kyle tumble down
dialog: the slope.
text: MOVING WITH HER as she scrambles, half-dragging Kyle, through
text: a row of trees at a chainlink retaining fence. She crawls
text: under the fence, tugs Kyle and the satchel through after.
text: Sarah looks up at the source of a SUDDEN THUNDEROUS ROAR.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 243/FX ANGLE ON TANKER 243/FX
text: It appears above them, grinding over the embankment. It
text: rolls down the steep slope TOWARD CAMERA, FLATTENING TREES.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 244 EXT. INDUSTRIAL SITE - NIGHT 244
text: Sarah and Kyle scramble up and run across the STORAGE LOT
text: of a MODERN FACTORY COMPLEX of LOW BUILDINGS. Kyle struggles
text: to keep up, holding the satchel.
text: LIKE A JUGGERNAUT the truck follows, smashing through parked
text: cars and FLATTENING A PRE-FAB STORAGE BUILDING.
text: They enter an alley-like space between two buildings.
text: Kyle is fumbling to open the satchel.
text: ANGLE BACK as the tanker enters the alley. It TEARS THE
text: CORNER OFF ONE BUILDING as it turns in. Terminator looks
text: down from his mountain of steel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 245 INT. TANKER CAB - NIGHT 245
text: OVER TERMINATOR'S SHOULDER, looking down at a tiny figure
text: below, running in the headlights' glare. It is Sarah, alone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 246 EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT 246
text: Reese crouches in a TRASH-DUMPSTER which is sandwiched
text: between the wall and the tanker. There are only inches
text: of clearance as the trailers pass by.
text: He lights a PIPE CHARGE, jumps up and wedges it under the
text: tank-cylinder of the second trailer.
text: He ducks as it rolls on.
text: Sarah is stumbling in the glare of the truck's lights.
text: E.C.U. - PIPE BOMB, the fuse burning.
text: M.C.U. - TERMINATOR, through the windshield, his eye glowing.
text: C.U. - REESE huddles in the dumpster.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 247/FX LOW WIDE ANGLE ON SARAH AND TRAILER (PROCESS SHOT) 247/FX
text: The REAR TRAILER EXPLODES. An unbelievable FIREBALL ERUPTS
text: SKYWARD, silhouetting Sarah's running figure F.G.
text: The dumpster is enveloped by fire and hurled, rolling, down
dialog: the alley.
text: Sarah makes it around a corner as the FORWARD TRAILER
text: EXPLODES and an OCEAN OF FLAME rolls forward, blasting by her.
text: The dumpster topples and Kyle rolls out, surrounded by fire.
scene_heading: 248/FX SEQUENCE - TERMINATOR 248/FX
text: In the center of the inferno Terminator struggles violently.
text: His FLESH FIRES AND SIZZLES. He tears loose from the
text: TWISTED WRECKAGE and collapses to the ground. Sinks into
text: a CHARRED MASS. STOPS MOVING.
text: C.U. - TERMINATOR, mouth open, skull-like, motionless
dialog: in the flames.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 249 EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT 249
text: Sarah crawls away from the intense heat and lies watching
text: the motionless figure in the blaze.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 250 EXT. ALLEY/FAR END - NIGHT 250
text: Sarah rounds the corner, staggering, searching.
text: She sees Kyle crumpled face-down near the dumpster, sheltered
dialog: from the heat by its mass.
text: She drags his away. Rolls him over.
text: C.U. - REESE, his head lolls. He opens his eyes
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Sarah.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We did it, Kyle. We got it.
text: She hugs him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 250/FX FULL SHOT (PROCESS) 250/FX
text: They hold the embrace, silhouetted by the diminishing flames.
dialog: It would be a wonderful final image.
text: Except...TERMINATOR STAGGERS OUT OF THE BLAZE BEHIND THEM.
text: M.C.U. - TERMINATOR, the last flakes of flesh are falling
text: from him like burning leaves. His gleaming structure is
text: revealed in all its intricacy. No longer a 'He', but an 'It'.
text: It looks like Death rendered in steel.
text: A CHROME SKELETON with HYDRAULIC MUSCLES and TENDONS OF
text: FLEXIBLE CABLE. In the sockets of the metal skull, the
text: eyeball swivels with a WHIR of tiny servos, both glowing
dialog: red now.
text: It turns slowly and fixes its gaze directly INTO CAMERA.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 251 EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT 251
text: C.U. - SARAH - She chokes on a scream, crams knuckles in
dialog: her mouth.
text: FULL SHOT (FX), as the machine takes a step toward them,
text: dragging one MALFUNCTIONING LEG.
text: PANAGLIDE WITH KYLE AND SARAH as they stagger to their feet
text: and run to the nearest building. They come to a glass door.
text: Kyle kicks it in. Unlatches it. They enter dark OFFICES
text: to the sound of ALARMS and DISTANT SIRENS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 252 INT. CORRIDORS - NIGHT 252
text: Sarah and Kyle run down a corridor.
text: Through a door, which they close and lock.
text: They move off down a cross-corridor.
text: The Terminator BLASTS THE DOOR OFF ITS HINGES, F.G., and
text: staggers through. It starts after their receding figures
text: as they round the corner at the end of the hall.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 253 INT. OPEN OFFICES - NIGHT 253
text: Wracked, exhausted, they stumble through a maze of PARTI-
text: TIONED OFFICE CUBICLES.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 254 INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT 254
text: The Terminator catches sight of them through a floor-to-
text: ceiling window. It makes an unhesitating right turn through
dialog: the glass.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 255 INT. OPEN OFFICES - NIGHT 255
text: Sarah and Kyle look back at the sound of SHATTERING GLASS.
text: PANAGLIDE PRECEDING THE TERMINATOR as it crashes forward,
text: line-of-sight, through the maze. It splinters partitions.
text: Flings desks out of the way.
text: FOLLOWING SARAH AND KYLE as they reach a heavy FIREDOOR and
dialog: go through.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 256 INT. MANUFACTURING AREA - NIGHT 256
text: Kyle slides the bolts on the metal firedoor. Behind them
text: are acres of machinery in darkness. Silence.
text: CRASH! The Terminator hits the door from the far side.
text: Hinges SQUEAL.
text: Kyle goes to a LARGE BREAKER PANEL and opens it. Starts
text: throwing switches. Behind them, machines START UP ONE BY ONE.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (panting)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Cover...our footsteps...
text: He sags, sliding down the wall. She pulls him up.
text: Half-carries him into the maze of machines.
text: The dark gallery is filled with WHIRRING, CLANKING SHAPES,
text: SHATTERING CONVEYER BELTS and improbable mechanisms lashing
dialog: mindlessly.
text: Reese slips to the floor and Sarah is no longer able to
dialog: support him.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (faintly)
dialog: Leave me here.
text: Sarah crouches beside him.
text: Grabs his shirt front.
text: Yells over the machines.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'm not leaving you anywhere
dialog: you jerk. Haven't you figured
dialog: it out? Kyle, John is our
dialog: son.
text: Reese's eyes refocus.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: There isn't going to be
dialog: anybody else...I don't want
dialog: anybody else. Listen to
dialog: me!
text: She pauses, then resumes in a commanding, military shout.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Move! Reese! Let's go.
dialog: Move you ass!
text: She drags him to his feet and he staggers on.
text: Hinges SHATTER and the firedoor is hurled inward.
text: The Terminator scans the darkness.
text: ANGLE - PANNING WITH SARAH AND KYLE as they move through
dialog: the machines.
text: The cyborg steps forward, scanning methodically.
text: Sarah and Kyle move in a crouch through the treacherous
text: tangle of pipes and machinery. Kyle picks up a length of
text: pipe to use as a weapon. As they climb out onto a cat-
text: walk between the two huge mechanisms, Sarah clambers over
text: an innocuous CONTROL PANEL.
text: Her knee inadvertently hits a RED PUSH BUTTON.
text: With a ROAR the stamping-plate of a HYDRAULIC PRESS slams
text: down an inch from her hand.
text: Startled, she tumbles to the catwalk.
text: The Terminator's eyes swivel as he hears the single non-
dialog: rhythmic sound.
text: Kyle and Sarah run to the end of the catwalk, but find the
dialog: door there locked.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Come on!
text: They double back to escape the cul-de-sac. The Terminator
text: steps in front of them, cutting them off.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Run!
text: He pushes Sarah roughly and she stumbles away.
text: Kyle raises the pipe with his good arm as the Terminator
dialog: advances.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: (over his
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: Run, damn it!
text: She hesitates, backing away.
text: The cyborg swings at Reese
text: STEEL CLANGS ON STEEL.
text: Kyle strikes and parries but is sledgehammered back.
text: ANGLE ON CATWALK as Kyle lands in a heap, smashed against
text: a stanchion of the railing which prevented him falling to
text: the factory floor twenty feet below.
text: Sarah turns and runs.
text: LOW ANGLE PAST REESE, F.G., as the cyborg approaches him.
scene_heading: E.C.U. - A FUSE BURNING.
text: C.U. - KYLE'S FACE streaked with blood, pressed to the
text: floor as a metal foot CLANGS DOWN, F.G. His eyes snap open.
text: Sarah falls, gets up, runs on.
text: The Terminator draws back for a death blow.
text: And Kyle rolls with the last of his strength, raising
text: the pipe bomb he has been cradling. He jams it between two
text: hydraulic cylinders just beneath the cyborg's armored rib-
text: cage. Then rolls off the catwalk. Terminator has an instant
text: to react, reaching for the bomb, before it EXPLODES.
text: Sarah is pitched forward by the blast and slides on the
dialog: floor.
text: Slams up against one wall.
text: A withering spray of shrapnel strafes the walls around her.
text: Pieces of scrap metal clatter throughout the factory, rain-
dialog: ing down.
text: C.U. - SARAH, very still. She winces and opens her eyes.
text: Slowly looks up.
text: POV - SARAH, as the smoke clears. The Terminator is GONE.
text: Unrecognizable clumps of BURNING DEBRIS lie scattered about.
text: Looking down through the grating floor she sees Kyle's
dialog: body.
text: LOW ANGLE ON KYLE F.G., Sarah on catwalk above. Kyle's eyes
text: are half-open. Still. His face peaceful.
text: ANGLE ON ONE OF THE FIRES climbing some plastic tubing and
text: triggering a SPRINKLER HEAD. It begins to rain.
text: C.U. - SARAH sitting up as the water runs over her.
text: She looks down. Protruding from her right thigh is a TWISTED
text: PIECE OF METAL. Shrapnel. Part of the cyborg. She pulls
text: it out, grimacing. Her leg is broken.
text: It is a long time before she can gather the will to move.
text: SARAH'S POV - She sees a WALL PHONE several yards away,
text: beyond the debris from the explosion.
text: She starts to crawl toward it.
text: She passes A LARGE CLUMP OF DEBRIS, F.G.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON DEBRIS (FX) as it rolls over suddenly!
text: Now recognizable as the TERMINATOR'S HEAD AND ARMS, with
text: half of the scattered torso trailing wires and twisted
dialog: metal.
dialog: IT LUNGES FOR HER!
text: Sarah wants to scream this time, from the depths of her
text: soul, but there is no scream, only a dry shivering sob.
text: The Terminator drags itself SCRAPING over the floor, steel
dialog: fingers clutching.
text: Sarah is shaking and whimpering as she scrabbles away,
dialog: crawling in agony.
text: ANGLE ON CONVEYOR BELT as Sarah flops from the catwalk
text: onto the MOVING STRIP. She is carried into the intricate
text: lattice of equipment. Sarah rolls off weakly before going
text: under a set of sorting rollers.
text: ANGLE THROUGH MACHINERY - ON THE TERMINATOR (FX) as it crawls
text: after her, dragging its body. It tracks her unerringly,
speaker_heading: EYES GLOWING.
text: Sarah moves deeper into the DARK, CLASHING JUNGLE of machinery.
text: Around her is a rain-drenched tangle of CABLES, PIPES and
dialog: unforgiving mechanisms of steel.
text: The Terminator clambers through after her.
text: C.U. - SARAH - Water pours into her eyes as she catches
text: sight of something. A familiar CONTROL BOX.
text: She drags herself toward it.
text: C.U. - THE TERMINATOR (FX) - It spots her wedged in a tiny
dialog: crawl space. No way out.
text: It crawls the last few feet,EYES RED IN THE DARK.
text: Hypnotized, Sarah watches the Terminator REACHING TOWARD HER.
text: She is jammed in a corner.
text: Sarah's hand claws around to the front of the control panel,
speaker_heading: seeking the RED BUTTON.
text: E.C.U. - HER WET FINGERTIPS FEEL THE BUTTON.
text: ANGLE ON THE TERMINATOR (FX), his steel hand reaching out.
text: E.C.U. - SARAH, her face inexplicably calm, eyes steady in
text: that infinite instant. She clenches her teeth to keep
text: from screaming as she WAITS.
text: The Terminator's hand reaches for her throat to crush
text: the life out of her and end its long mission.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (voice icy)
dialog: You're...terminated...fucker!
text: E.C.U. - BUTTON, as her bloody finger stabs it down.
text: FULL SHOT, showing how the cyborg has been led into the
text: MAW OF THE HYDRAULIC PRESS.
text: THE STAMPING PLATE THUNDERS DOWN!
text: Tons of mechanical pressure flatten the Terminator's head
text: and body like tin-foil. The PRESS SCREAMS, jamming solid.
text: Lightning snaps out in one brief blaze, leaping to surround-
text: ing machinery, arcing to Sarah's wristwatch. All the
text: Terminator's energy is released in one second.
text: ANGLE on the narrow gap between the upper and lower plates:
text: a pinpoint of red light DWINDLES AND GOES OUT.
text: TIGHT ON SARAH, shivering uncontrollably. The steel fingers
text: are frozen an inch from her throat. She can only stare as
text: water runs over her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 257 INT. FACTORY - DAWN 257
text: CLOSE ON the side rail of an ambulance gurney SNAPPING UP
text: into position. Sarah's eyes are closed and she is moved
speaker_heading: OUT OF FRAME.
text: WIDE SHOT, showing the gurney being rolled by TWO ATTENDANTS
text: past the site of the last explosion.
text: SEVERAL POLICE OFFICERS are picking through the debris.
text: PANNING WITH THE GURNEY as it is wheeled out, holding on
scene_heading: TWO FACTORY EMPLOYEES, F.G.
text: One, the PLANT MANAGER, bends to examine a piece of the
text: cyborg lying at the base of the hydraulic press.
text: A COP, B.G., notices this.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Look, I told you not to
dialog: touch anything until we're
dialog: done. You got that?
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Sure thing, officer.
text: He stands and palms a small object to HIS ASSISTANT. They
text: step around the corner.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Microcomputer chassis. But
dialog: I've never seen stuff like
dialog: this anywhere.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Weird. Jap stuff, maybe?
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Keep it out of sight and
dialog: get it down to R and D
dialog: Monday, first thing.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Good idea.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 258 EXT. BUILDING - DAWN 258
text: Sarah is being lifted into the ambulance. She looks
text: up as the doors are latched shut.
text: TILT UP to follow her gaze.
text: The sign above the entrance of the building reads:
speaker_heading: CYBER DYNAMICS CORPORATION
speaker_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 259 INT./EXT. LANDROVER - LATE AFTERNOON 259
text: MACRO ON CASSETTE RECORDER, the center capstans of a
dialog: tape turning.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: ...and the hardest thing is
dialog: deciding what I should tell
dialog: you and what not to. Well,
dialog: anyway, I've got a while yet
dialog: before you're old enough to
dialog: understand the tapes. They're
dialog: more for me at this point...
dialog: to help get it all straight.
text: COVER SHOT reveals Sarah as the wheel of a dusty landrover
text: parked at the pump island of a tiny gas station. All of
text: its signs are in hand-lettered Spanish. Beyond lies an
text: expanse of scrub desert. The sky scowls with an impending
dialog: storm.
text: Sarah speaks quietly into a hand microphone as a dark-
text: complected attendant laconically fills her tank. She
text: cradles the cassette recorder in her lap, in the lee of
scene_heading: her SWOLLEN BELLY.
text: She looks to be about SIX MONTHS ALONG.
text: Under her down vest she wears a leather shoulder holster
text: and the butt of a .357 REVOLVER presses against her
text: breast. She tugs the vest closed as the attendant glances
text: her way. A German Shepherd sits in the back among taped
text: boxes and suitcases.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Should I tell you about your
dialog: father? That's a tough one.
dialog: Will it change your decision
dialog: to send him here...knowing?
dialog: But if you don't send Kyle,
dialog: you could never be. God,
dialog: you can go crazy thinking
dialog: about all this...I suppose
dialog: I'll tell you...I owe him that.
dialog: And maybe it'll be enough if
dialog: you know that in the few hours
dialog: we had together we loved a
dialog: lifetime's worth...
text: CLICK. WHIR. Sarah jumps at a sound nearby, breaking
text: her reverie. A small MEXICAN BOY has snapped her picture
text: with a beat-up Polaroid camera. He holds it out to her,
dialog: speaking rapid Spanish.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: He says you are very beautiful,
dialog: Senora, and he is ashamed to ask
dialog: five American dollars for this
dialog: picture, but if he does not,
dialog: his father will beat him.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: That's a pretty good hustle,
dialog: kid. Four. Quatro.
text: The boy takes her four dollars and she watches the
text: snapshot develop. It is a good photograph of her,
text: the wind lightly ruffling her hair, expression thought-
dialog: ful, slightly sad.
dialog: We recognize it as the one Reese carried in 2029.
text: She slips it into her short pocket.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Mil trescientos...fifteen dollars
dialog: American.
text: As she pays him, distant thunder rolls.
text: The boy yells something in Spanish as he runs off.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: (accented)
text: There is a storm coming in.
text: Sarah gazes at the thunderheads building up out over the
text: desert. Heat lightning pulses in their depths.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I know.
text: CAMERA CRANES UP as she pulls away, driving across the
text: flat desert on a ribbon of highway. A brilliant flash
text: crescendos from horizon to horizon out at the rim of the
dialog: world.
dialog: 
