scene_heading: IMPENDING SUMMER 2005:
speaker_heading: “DOOM”
dialog: Screenplay by David Callaham
dialog: Revisions by Wesley Strick
dialog: Based on the iD Software Game
dialog: March 31, 2004
scene_heading: IN THE DARKNESS --
speaker_heading: BOY’S VOICE
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: LOUIS GRIMM (VO)
dialog: On vacation...
speaker_heading: GIRL'S VOICE
dialog: In the middle of the night?
scene_heading: FADE IN ON:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - NIGHT (10 YEARS AGO)
text: Not just dark, but blustery too -- a snowstorm has kicked up.
text: We see the headlights of an approaching MINIVAN. And HEAR:
speaker_heading: LOUIS GRIMM (VO)
dialog: We've been talking about it for
text: years. White sandy beaches, palm
dialog: trees, warm tropical breezes --
speaker_heading: BOY'S VOICE
dialog: Did something happen at work?
scene_heading: INT. MINIVAN (MOVING) - NIGHT
text: The “BOY” is JOHN GRIMM, 16, in back with his 18-year-old
text: sister, SAMANTHA. John is an athletic live-wire and affable
text: wise-ass. Sam is bright, academic, and dubious.
speaker_heading: MARY GRIMM
dialog: I thought you’d both be delighted to
dialog: get above ground. Enjoy a little
dialog: sunshine, get away from school.
text: In front, the parents: MARY and LOUIS GRIMM, two brilliant
text: scientists, 40’s. Tension and fatigue etched on their faces.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Is something wrong with the “Ark”?
text: The adults don’t answer.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Was there a problem on Olduvai?
text: A pair of HEADLIGHTS appears in the rearview mirror, lighti
text: up the van’s interior --
speaker_heading: MARY GRIMM
dialog: Look, it’s been very busy, there’s a
text: lot going on with the company.
speaker_heading: LOUIS GRIMM
dialog: ..-It’s complicated.
text: Distracted, Louis doesn’t notice the other vehicle is now
dialog: tailgating or else its lost traction, control.
speaker_heading: LOUIS GRIMM (cont'd)
dialog: We'll have a family meeting to talk
dialog: about it when we get there, okay --
text: John’s gaze flicks to the rearview mirror for a beat and
text: then: the WORLD EXPLODES in a STORM of GLASS and METAL.
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL ROAD - NIGHT (CONTINUOUS)
text: Struck from behind by the PICK-UP TRUCK, the van collapses
text: like an accordion as it pinwheels toward the bridge --
scene_heading: INT. MINIVAN
text: John’s head SMASHES against his window: blood spatters glass.
text: The minivan comes to a VIOLENT STOP. Mary flies forward,
text: mashing her face and forearm against the dashboard.
text: Sam's ribs audibly SNAP under the pressure of her seatbelt.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: The van’s spun halfway across, halting only when it hits a
text: support column, hangs precariously over the edge and then,
text: silence for a long moment. No one moves, until finally --
speaker_heading: LOUIS GRIMM’S VOICE
dialog: (groans, dazed)
dialog: No... Sam... John...?
text: Mary moans, insensate. Her nasal cartilage crushed. Louis
text: tries to find his bearings, can’t quite focus when --
text: Sam’s door is yanked open and someone pulls her from the van.
text: Forcing the van to lurch horribly forward. It tilts, teeter-
text: totters for a moment suspended in time. Then stops.
dialog: 
text: John opens his eyes, trying to focus. Where are they?
text: Watches as a single SNOWFLAKE strikes the windshield.
text: And the van plunges into the dark river below!
scene_heading: INT. MINIVAN - IN THE RIVER
text: John desperately fumbles his seatbelt to free himself as the
text: water rushes up. Louis escapes his, begins work on Mary's.
text: John's seatbelt releases. He kicks wildly at the window that
text: was already spider-webbed by his bloody head. No luck.
text: Louis frees Mary but she doesn’t react: she’s concussed, eyes
text: glassy, unfocused. The middle of her face a purplish pulp.
text: John swims. about. Then a hand on his shoulder: his father’s
text: hand. Louis pushes John’s face into a tiny air bubble. John
text: purses his lips, takes a breath, tries to submerge himself.
text: To save his dad, instead of him! But Louis is stronger.
text: John’s father remains below him, raising him up so he can
text: inhale the last gasp of air in the sinking vehicle.
text: John struggles against Louis -- wanting more than anything to
text: sacrifice himself ... but his diminishing vigor fails him.
text: John inhales the last available breath from the bubble as his
text: father’s limp hands fall away into the darkness below as we --
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: POUNDING FOOTSTEPS, HEAVY BREATHING AS --
dialog: “Ten Years Later”
text: Appears, then disappears as WE FIND OURSELVES in a darkened --
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: We're in a vast underground lab somewhere. Narrow lead-lined
text: dank tunnels, dim lights, and now from around a corner comes:
text: DR. TODD CARMACK -- terrified, sprinting faster than any 60-
text: year-old. Three more SCIENTISTS in smudged, torn LAB COATS.
text: Darkness at their heels. They also run with unnatural speed.
text: Carmack leads, heading for a heavy door at the end of the
text: hall lit by a single flickering bulb. Two others are right
text: behind. One Scientist trails, clutching his gut: a cramp.
text: The instant he slows, his body is jerked sideways into the
text: shadows by a force unseen. And then there were three.
text: The footrace with Death resumes. The doorway to deliverance
text: a hundred yards away. Carmack pulling ahead of the pack.
text: The Scientist now in the rear is steadily losing ground; he
text: tries desperately to speed up. He pumps his arms furiously,
text: and when he’s jerked into darkness by those arms, the sound
text: of a WET CRUNCH suggests they were torn from their sockets.
text: Carmack reaches the door. Paws at the control panel. The
text: door slides open. His last surviving colleague trailing ...
speaker_heading: FEMALE SCIENTIST
dialog: Dr. Carmack, please!!
scene_heading: INT. CARMACK’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Carmack squeezes through the narrow opening, punches at the
text: interior control panel. The steel door reverses direction.
speaker_heading: FEMALE SCIENTIST (0S)
dialog: Dr. Carmack!!
text: Her arm shoots through the crack between door and wall. Then
text: with a thick CLANK and even thicker CRUNCH, the door SHUTS.
text: Carmack takes a step back, watching in horror as his former
text: coworker’s fingers spasm. The digits turn blue, then go
text: still, and Carmack exhales deeply -- revolted but relieved.
text: Then the whole arm rockets upward, SMACKING into the ceiling
text: with immense force. It then flies down, SLAPPING the floor.
text: Carmack stumbles back, transfixed as the arm is wrenched up
text: and down. The brief but fierce struggle abruptly ends as the
text: arm drops to the floor. Carmack whirls, to the vid-phone.
speaker_heading: CARMACK
dialog: This is Classified Research, Olduvai!
dialog: Request immediate instructions to
dialog: override protocol --
text: The rest is drowned out by a rotor’s THWACK, as we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - PRE-DAWN
text: Face to face in the wall-mounted jump seats, an INTENSELY
text: ARMORED MILITARY UNIT: GANNON THE DESTROYER stuffs extra
text: ammo in his Kevlar vest; GOAT reads a well-thumbed Bible.
text: HERNANDEZ trims his goatee with a combat knife. THE KID, a
text: nervous 19-year-old, sits alone, keeping to himself until
text: PORTMAN leans in.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: You know Kid, it’s funny. Couple
dialog: weeks ago I tell Sarge I could use a
text: little pussy. Next day, he brings
dialog: you onto the team.
speaker_heading: SARGE (0S)
dialog: Portman!
text: At the back of the chopper, SERGEANT ASHER MAHONIN emerges
text: from the shadows. Making his presence felt.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Sarge, come on. He looks like he
dialog: just got his first pube last week. I
dialog: mean, look at...
text: From the shadows beside Sarge, a hard, saddened, and familiar
text: face leans forward: JOHN GRIMM, now 26.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Don't give me an excuse, Portman. No
dialog: one here will miss you.
text: Portman flips John off as Sarge pulls a vid-disc froma
text: classified folder, inserts it into a bulkhead console.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Listen up...!
text: A fuzzy IMAGE appears: Carmack's terrified transmission.
speaker_heading: CARMACK (ON VIDEO)
dialog: -- request immediate instructions to
dialog: override protocol and shut down the
dialog: Wormhole! My lab is sealed off from
dialog: the general population, we have a
dialog: Level Five Emergency...
text: The transmission reverts to STATIC.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: That came in twenty minutes ago.
speaker_heading: GOAT
dialog: You gonna forward the code to shut
dialog: down the Wormhole?
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: And strand a bunch of UAC personnel
dialog: halfway across the universe? We
dialog: neutralize the threat and bring out
dialog: Carmack‘s team.
text: John’s staring at the SNOW on the monitor. Softly:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Grimm/Labs?
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Only way in.
text: Sarge squeezes John’s shoulder, then moves down the aisle,
dialog: addressing his squad:
speaker_heading: SARGE (cont'd)
dialog: Alright. You know the drill.
text: The Kid (legal name STEPHEN DANTALIAN) grabs a pair of
scene_heading: HANDHELD SEMI-AUTOMATICS. We HEAR:
speaker_heading: WEAPON ID
text: UAC Special Ops clearance verified.
dialog: Handle Identification: The Kid.
text: Destroyer -- a humble man trapped inside the body of a world-
text: wrecker -- feeds armor-piercing bullets into a gargantuan
text: chain-gun. Slings an extra ammo chain on his broad shoulder.
speaker_heading: WEAPON ID (cont'd)
text: UAC Special Ops clearance verified.
dialog: Handle Identification: Destroyer.
text: Goat, the oldest and most seasoned, sets down his Bible, tugs
text: a knee brace on a leathery leg, grabs an old-school shotgun
text: modified to read his palm sworl.
speaker_heading: WEAPON ID (cont'd)
text: UAC Special Ops clearance verified.
dialog: Handle Identification: Goat.
text: Portman grips his PLASMA RIFLE, hefts its mass in his arms.
dialog: Makes him feel tougher.
speaker_heading: WEAPON ID (cont'd)
text: UAC Special Ops clearance verified.
dialog: Handle Identification: Portman.
text: Hernandez lights a cigarette with one hand, grabs his Automag
text: Pistol with the other. Keeps twirling the pistol, as:
speaker_heading: WEAPON ID (cont'd)
text: UAC Special Ops clearance verified.
dialog: Handle Identification: Hernandez.
dialog: (again)
text: UAC Special Ops clearance verified.
dialog: Handle Identification: Hernandez.
dialog: (again)
text: UAC Special Ops clearance verified.
dialog: Handle Identification: Hernandez.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: I love the way this weapon says my
dialog: name. If this weapon had a pair of
dialog: lips and set of tits, I'd marry it.
text: They pass around a roll of MASKING TAPE and a PEN, and
text: scribble their blood types on the bottom of their boots. The
text: roll comes along to John, the only team member who hasn't
text: “logged in.” He is silent for a moment, pensive.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: How long’s it been?
text: Sarge’s appeared again above John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Ten years...
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Sam still there?
dialog: (John nods)
dialog: You up for this?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don’t know if I can go back down
dialog: there, Sarge.
text: John habitually, contemplatively runs his finger along an old
text: scar on his forehead as the helicopter begins its descent.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: So, stay with the chopper.
dialog: (then)
dialog: But sooner or later, you're gonna
dialog: have to face your demons.
text: John grips his weapon, steels himself.
speaker_heading: WEAPON ID
text: UAC Special Ops clearance verified.
dialog: Handle Identification: Reaper.
text: In the distance, a large field is lit up like a football
text: stadium in the middle absolutely nowhere. It’s perimeter a
text: twenty foot wall topped with concertina wire.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - PRE-DAWN
text: The chopper has landed. A couple hundred EMPLOYEES are lined
text: up to be led onto buses parked in the immense empty field,
dialog: where the hell did all these people come from?
text: They look as though they haven't seen daylight in months:
text: pale, out of shape, disoriented. Carry a few quickly
text: gathered possessions in the frigid pre-dawn darkness. The
text: employees watch with mild disinterest as the heavily armed
text: squad disembarks from the chopper.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: I thought the shit was going down on
dialog: Olduvai?
speaker_heading: GOAT
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: So, why’re these guys leaving?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GOAT
dialog: Standard evac procedure for a Level
dialog: Five Emergency.
text: Sarge leads his Marines toward a massive stainless steel
text: elevator that suddenly rises up out of a subterranean shaft
text: in the middle of what a moment ago was an empty field.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: UAC doesn’t want us tripping over a
dialog: buncha civilians while we clean up
dialog: another one a their goddam messes.
text: The Kid stops to stare -- Holy shit -- as the big steel
text: elevator doors open and we --
speaker_heading: CUT INSIDE:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT- A MOMENT LATER
text: The men hustle aboard. After a moment they begin their
text: descent into the earth. A steel iris closes overhead,
text: sealing the shaft.
speaker_heading: DESTROYER
dialog: Hey, H. What happened with that girl
dialog: Candace last night?
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Oh dude, she freaked when I tried to
dialog: give her the Dirty Hernandez!
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Hernandez.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Right. Sorry.
text: Sarge taps a full cartridge against his helmet.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Pray For War.
text: The team -- including John -- ritually responds:
speaker_heading: SQUAD
dialog: Pray For War.
text: And BANG, the elevator dead drops, disappearing rapidly
text: beneath us into the seemingly bottomless abyss.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRIMM/LABS (UNDERGROUND)
text: The elevator door opens and the Marines fan out, into the now
text: empty lobby reception and security area of:
dialog: The Louis & Mary Grimm Memorial Research Laboratory, a
dialog: Division of Union Aerospace Corporation ...
text: ++. according to the large sign above the entrance.
speaker_heading: GOAT
dialog: Grimm Labs, huh?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We used to just call it “the hole.”
dialog: 10.
text: Beside the sign a pair of retouched, idealized photos of the
dialog: two Drs. Grimm and a dedication --
dialog: For their indispensable contribution to the study of our
dialog: origins, as well _ as their warm, caring hearts.
speaker_heading: GOAT
dialog: Good likeness?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: «.-eyeah...
text: Long, tunnel like hallways spread out in every direction with
text: complicated signs indicating distant rooms and far flung
text: research areas. The squad’s met by a senior facility
dialog: Security Officer.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Any more transmissions from Olduvai?
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Carmack’s lab’s been quiet. General
dialog: population’s okay -- just nervous --
text: The Officer escorts the Squad into a white, antiseptic-
text: looking tunnel. The sign above says simply “The Ark”.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: How many are up there, all together?
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Fifty-four, including the five staff
text: still locked down inside Carmack’s
text: classified lab.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You have a list of the personnel in
dialog: that lab?
text: Sarge looks back at John, unhappy with the interruption.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Not down here, but the Security team
dialog: on Olduvai’ll have it.
text: They reach a plain grey wall. The Guard punches an elaborate
text: code into a control panel. The wall seems to somehow soften.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Oh no, no, no. I don’t do nanowalls.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: How can you not do nanowalls? That's
dialog: like saying “I don’t do food.”
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: No. I do food, I don’t do nano-food,
dialog: and I definitely don’t do nanowalls --
text: Sarge SHOVES Hernandez through the nanowall, into:
scene_heading: INT. ARK CHAMBER PREP AREA - CONTINUOUS
text: A tech (PINKY) greets the Team. He couldn't be more than 30,
text: but his face is ruined, features skewed in the wrong
text: directions. He appears to be seated in an ELECTRIC
text: WHEELCHAIR. A blanket covers his legs.
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: Good morning Gentlemen, welcome to
dialog: the Ark. My name is...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What the hell are you doing here?
text: Pinky’s eyes narrow as he reads the stitching on John’s
text: jacket: J. Grimm. Pinky gives a mirthless laugh.
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: I work here.
text: John stares at Pinky. Who slowly, torturously ... cracks a
text: half-frozen, twisted, mutilated, wholly sardonic smile --
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE - PINKY’S FACE
text: Behind a shattered car window. 10 years younger. Unmarred.
text: Till a fist SMASHES it through the window again and again.
scene_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. ARK CHAMBER PREP AREA - CONTINUOUS
text: John worries his scar with a forefinger, stares Pinky down.
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: Whoa, they gave you a gun. Did they
dialog: give you a psychological test first?
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Now is not the time, Reaper.
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: UAC was kind enough to offer me
dialog: gainful employment. They felt bad
dialog: after what you did.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: We got a job to do. Let’s do it.
text: John's still staring at Pinky, it’s unnerving.
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: Down here, please.
text: Pinky anxiously gestures the Squad to the base of a mirrored
text: cylinder protected by TWO SENTRIES.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: We the first guys without a graduate
dialog: degree to go through this doohickey?
text: SILENCE. Hernandez puffs on his cig.
speaker_heading: DESTROYER
dialog: Ever notice how things get diverse
dialog: the minute some shit hits the fan?
text: On the ring-shaped platform above the cylinder Pinky punches
text: data into various computer terminals around the ring.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Actually we’ve transported thousands;
dialog: scientists, technicians, construction
text: teams ...janitors.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: These names, what‘re all these names?
text: He’s referring to a translucent plaque. The names of a score
text: of men and women are engraved in a sort of scroll.
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: Ah. That’s the Honor Roll of folks
text: who didn’t make it through intact.
dialog: But that was before we perfected the
dialog: crystalline structure.
dialog: (which reminds him)
dialog: Extinguish all smoking materials
text: before entering the containment area.
dialog: Just one spark or cinder, and --
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: (stubbing out his cig)
dialog: Oh, man.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CONTAINMENT CYLINDER - MOMENTS LATER
text: The team now stands in a circle around the inner rim of the
text: cylinder, eyes wide to a man. They are all staring at:
text: A DROP of LIQUID floating in the cylinder’s center. Perfect,
text: compact, simple. Light and space bend and twist around them.
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: Not what you expected?
text: Destroyer shakes his head. The sensitive soul inside the
text: built-up body is incredulous -- moved -- overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: DESTROYER
dialog: All this time, picturing “the Ark”, I
dialog: always assumed it was a -- ship ... I
dialog: mean, a space-ship, but not ...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: «es a metaphor?
text: The other squad-members appear both scared and dubious.
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: It’s nothing more nor less than a
dialog: quantum portal through the space/time
text: continuum, a wormhole, a sort of
text: “cosmic shortcut” across galaxies ...
text: Off the squad’s looks (ranging through incredulity, fear and
text: outright awe) Pinky pompously advances to the “droplet”.
dialog: Pinky (cont'd)
dialog: I‘ll go first. Watch how it’s done --
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Sorry. First man through should be
text: shouldering a loaded weapon.
text: Sarge seems to share a momentary look with Pinky, then cocks
text: his gun and walks to the Wormhole. Instantly it expands to
text: envelop his body in a glistening, globular shell.
dialog: 14.
text: And, in a split-second FLASH OF BLUE LIGHT, the Wormhole
text: condenses back to its original size -- and Sarge is GONE.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. “WORMHOLE CHAMBER” (OLDUVAI) - A MOMENT LATER
text: Sarge, John, the rest emerge from an identical “DROPLET” in
text: an area similar to -- the “Wormhole Chamber” we just left on
dialog: our home planet.
text: As the team tries to shake off the debilitating sensations,
text: Pinky rolls through from the other side, seemingly
text: unaffected.
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: Dizziness and nausea are transitory --
dialog: we know of no long-term ill effects.
text: There’s a large, vault-like locked door leading out of the
text: chamber. Beside it a bank of READ-OUTS for changes in air-
dialog: pressure, temperature, presence of pollutants and/or
text: contaminants. Sarge moves to it quickly.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Main facility appears to be
dialog: uncontaminated.
text: Pinky unclips a key hanging from a chain around his neck
text: that, strangely, looks like only part of a key. Turns to
dialog: Sarge.
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: I'll be waiting here for you when
dialog: you're ready to head back.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You better be.
text: Sarge unclips a “part-key” from his own neck-chain. He and
text: Pinky insert their keys into the door, the massive hydraulic
text: lock pins SMASH back, and the door slides open to reveal:
scene_heading: INT. ATRIUM (OLDUVAI) - CONTINUOUS
text: A sprawling complex with clean lines, ambient MUSIC and high
text: ceilings illuminated to mimic sunlight on a bright spring
text: day. As the squad heads into the facility:
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Where the hell are we ..?
dialog: 15.
text: Indeed, they could be in the lobby of a Midwestern Marriott.
speaker_heading: GOAT
dialog: How about a couple million light
dialog: years from home?
text: Destroyer feels the leaves of a potted tree: fake.
speaker_heading: DESTROYER
text: And about a half-mile below ground.
text: The mood is anything but sunny. Agitated employees mill
dialog: about, hoping to be allowed to get the hell out of here.
speaker_heading: SCIENTIST 1
dialog: What's going on? Are there
text: casualties in Dr. Carmack’s lab?
text: A tall, thin and aggressive Scientist steps up to Sarge.
speaker_heading: SCIENTIST 2
dialog: Have we been exposed to some
dialog: contagion? I have a newborn, I --
text: An Olduvian Security Officer, HUENGS intervenes.
speaker_heading: HUENGS
dialog: That’s what they’re here to find out
dialog: Dr. Willits. Excuse me --
dialog: (offers his hand)
dialog: Lt. Huengs. UAC security. Dr.
text: Carmack shut down his lab at 03:37
dialog: this morning.
text: They're on the move, anxious personnel watching as they pass.
speaker_heading: HUENGS (cont'd)
dialog: After the initial transmission we
dialog: tried raising him on the internal com
dialog: system and on the optic data lines
dialog: but received no response.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: You have surveillance cameras in
dialog: there, any kind of monitoring or
dialog: listening devices?
speaker_heading: HUENGS
dialog: No sir. It’s a classified area. Our
dialog: job is to keep people out, not watch
text: what they’re doing inside.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: I want all non-essential personnel
dialog: secured in the Residential Zone and
dialog: out of our way.
speaker_heading: HUENGS
dialog: A lot of the staff is requesting
dialog: permission to evacuate back through
dialog: the wormhole.
text: John searches the faces of the gathered personnel as the
text: Squad’s led across the atrium.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: No. Let’s figure out what we're
dialog: dealing with first, okay?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You got a list of names of the
dialog: personnel who're in Carmack’s lab?
speaker_heading: HUENGS
dialog: Sure.
text: It’s on Huengs’ clipboard. John grabs it, anxiously runs his
text: finger down the columns.
speaker_heading: HUENGS (cont'd)
dialog: That's all the personnel we’ve got up
dialog: here, their work assignments are
text: listed beside their names.
text: Behind him, HEARS:
speaker_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE
dialog: Next page. It’s alphabetical.
text: John turns. He -- and we -- see a pretty RESEARCHER.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: RESEARCHER
dialog: “Hey.” That's it?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (smiles, relieved)
dialog: You don't work in Carmack’s lab ..?
text: The two look pleased to see each
dialog: Obviously it’s been awhile.
text: Before she can answer:
text: other -- also embarrassed, awkward.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Whoa.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: This is my sister. Samantha.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
speaker_heading: (D’oh)
dialog: Oh. Hello, very nice to meet you.
text: Rudely interrupted, by an impatient:
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Good to see you again, Sam. “My how
dialog: you've grown,” and all that crap --
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You too, Asher. Steroids?
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Free weights. And you can address me
text: as “Sergeant Mahonin” now, Samantha.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: In which case you can address me as
dialog: “Dr. Grimm,” Sergeant.
dialog: Touche.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Right. I need you to go back to the
text: Residential Zone with everyone else.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Actually, no. I’m going into the lab
dialog: with you --
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Hell you are.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: -- to download as much of the
dialog: research material as I can in case
dialog: the facility has to be sealed or
dialog: permanently evacuated.
text: Crisply, before Sarge can elaborate his objections:
speaker_heading: SAM (cont'd)
dialog: It’s UAC procedure, and it’s my job.
dialog: 18.
text: They’ve reached the outer door to the “Classified Research”
text: lab area. Two more UAC security guys are guarding the high
text: security door and entrance.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: We were told there are five inside.
speaker_heading: HUENGS
dialog: Yeah. We got lucky, two hours later
dialog: there would've been eighteen. Only
text: Carmack’s Genetics Team was working.
text: Behind the Guard is a triple-deadbolted steel seal that looks
text: like a submarine pressure door.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: What is this, an air-lock?
speaker_heading: HUENGS
dialog: Rumor’s been, Carmack’s experimenting
dialog: with Olduvian viruses...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That's all it is: a rumor. Viruses
dialog: are alive. Olduvai is dead. We
dialog: study fossils and minerals up here,
text: skeletons, rocks, planetary geology.
text: She pulls a “part-key” from her shirt. Unclips, hands it to
text: Sarge. He inserts both keys, and Lab Security inserts one.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: You have a key.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I’m one of the eighteen who would
text: have been inside two hours later.
text: The heavy door swings open, and the group enters:
scene_heading: INT. AIR LOCK - CONTINUOUS
text: A claustrophobic stainless steel cube. Goat and Portman set
text: up their portable LAPT (Laser Airborne Particulate Tester).
speaker_heading: SARGE
text: Haz-mats.
text: Out of Destroyer’s duffel come a half-dozen form-fitting haz-
text: mat_suits resembling lizard skins. As the men pull them on:
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Sam, grab a suit.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You guys notice this airlock has no
dialog: ultraviolet light or decon shower?
dialog: It’s not used for biocontainment,
dialog: because there is no --
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Maybe we're looking at a disgruntled
dialog: employee with a big-ass gun? The
dialog: Carmack group is into Advanced
dialog: Weapons R&D up here, right? Also the
dialog: Genetics Team and what else?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: There are four research labs.
dialog: Genetics, Weapons, Pharmacology and
dialog: Archeological Spectrography.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Archeological, what?
text: Sarge accesses the inner door with his one key, opening to:
scene_heading: INT. CENTRAL LAB (OLDUVAI) - CONTINUOUS
text: Pitch black. Sarge locks the door behind them.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Can we get some juice, goddammit?
text: As gun-mounted light-beams sweep the darkness, we glimpse:
text: Computer servers; charts, maps tacked to walls; display cases
text: of archeological findings. But no scientists, dead or alive.
speaker_heading: SARGE (cont'd)
dialog: Look alert, ladies: we’re in-country
dialog: now -- and this is a live patrol.
text: All radios on Alpha, weapons off
dialog: safety -- and don’t blink.
text: John flicks on an overhead light. Somehow, illuminating this
text: shadowy secret space only makes the atmosphere even creepier.
text: Portman waves a wand-shaped Sample Probe while Goat follows,
text: consulting a spectrometer that registers real-time readings.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: GOAT
dialog: Magnesium, chromium, lead ... All
dialog: normal levels so far, Sarge --
text: As cheerful as the outer facility was designed, Carmack’s lab
text: is strictly utilitarian, intentionally stripped of any detail
text: that might give a comforting sense of what goes on in here.
speaker_heading: GOAT (cont'd)
dialog: No evidence of airborne biological
dialog: agents, infectious aerosols or
dialog: contaminated micro droplets ... no
dialog: TB, rubella, or streptococci ...
text: Sam throws John a look: told you.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: But major pucker factor, huh?
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: OK. Huddle up.
text: The Team gathers around Sarge, who, via a handheld disc,
text: projects a 3-D blueprint of Carmack’s lab into the center of
text: the floor: a maze of rooms and halls.
speaker_heading: SARGE (cont'd)
dialog: We’1ll begin on the periphery, move in
text: pincer-style, enclosing any potential
text: threat. Gannon, Kid: sweep Zone One.
dialog: Goat, Portman, Zone Two. Hernandez,
dialog: you and me will take the Armory, make
dialog: sure those weapons are secure.
dialog: Reaper: you keep Big Sister safe.
dialog: As everyone deploys:
speaker_heading: SARGE (cont'd)
dialog: Upload map to your HUDs, fluorescent
text: powder marking as rooms are cleared.
text: Each visor gives a soft green glow of the Carmack lab layout
text: as the Squad heads off.
text: John and Sam are alone. Awkward BEAT.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: So. “Reaper.”
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Because of our last name...
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I get it. Sorry, he made staying
dialog: with me sound like you drew latrine
dialog: duty or something.
text: John brushes this aside.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How much time are you gonna need?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Half an hour to download it all,
dialog: maybe a little more.
text: Inserting a “data pod,” she’s already downloading files.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: When’d you start working in Carmack’s
dialog: secret lab?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I told you I was working at Grimm.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You didn’t say anything about
dialog: Olduvai.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You never asked. I go in and out.
dialog: No big deal. And it’s “restricted” --
dialog: not “secret”.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Jesus Christ...
text: On the wall, the fossilized main display: a perfectly
text: preserved HUMANOID SKELETON curled protectively around the
text: SKELETON of its CHILD. Labeled: “Olduvian female hominids”.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh yeah. Meet “Lucy”.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You found human remains on Olduvai?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Humanoid. Mom and Dad did. Lucy and
dialog: her child was their last major find.
dialog: We're on Level Ten of the dig, still
dialog: haven’t brought out samples nearly as
text: pristine, intact.
text: He had no idea, takes a moment to try and process it.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You never said anything.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Not something to scribble on the
dialog: yearly birthday card.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look, I know I haven’t been --
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's all right, I know how busy
dialog: you've been kicking ass with Sarge
dialog: and being all you can be.
dialog: 22.
text: John doesn’t want to get into it. Takes a beat, then:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Did you hear Carmack’s message? The
dialog: Man was genuinely freaked out.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Well, I don’t know what could’ve
dialog: happened to him unless a heavy fossil
text: fell on his foot.
text: She moves on to the next computer, inserts another pod. John
text: turns back to the “hominid”. Stares at “Lucy” for a BEAT.
speaker_heading: SAM (cont’d)
dialog: What a waste.
text: John turns to her, she’s looking at him, hard.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What's a waste?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You.
speaker_heading: INT. ARMORY (OLDUVAT)
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Sarge sweeps the first room as Hernandez moves into an inner
text: room, finds racks of neatly stacked weapons.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
text: Doesn‘t look like anything's missing.
text: Hernandez's light finds a rack of ancient guns.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ (cont'd)
dialog: Hey Sarge...
text: Sarge steps in to find Hernandez admiring a vintage gun.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ (cont'd)
dialog: Looks like the first-gen model of our
dialog: plasma cannons, huh?
text: Sarge notes an unmarked secure door at the far end.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: If all the guns are out here --
dialog: what's in there?
text: He crosses to the door, scans his badge into the lazar.
speaker_heading: SENSOR
dialog: ID confirmed: Asher Mahonin.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Advanced Weapons Personnel only,
dialog: Access Denied.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: Destroyer and Kid sweep. Off Kid’s quick, shallow breathing:
speaker_heading: DESTROYER
dialog: Easy, Kid. Stay alert but loose.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: I am loose, I just --
text: Something brushes The Kid’s shoulder, from above. He whirls,
text: squeezes a BURST -- at a tilation air hose, hanging down.
speaker_heading: THE KID (cont‘d)
dialog: Sorry, just -- get a little jittery.
speaker_heading: DESTROYER
dialog: (into Communicator)
text: Friendly fire, boys. Wasting ghosts.
dialog: (to Kid)
dialog: And ammo.
text: He pats the greenie’s shoulder, reassures:
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: DESTROYER (cont'd)
dialog: Nerves is natural. Just watch out
dialog: for other personnel, y’know? Keep
dialog: eye-contact with your buddies ...
text: He stoops to pick up a white lab coat complete with ID Badge,
text: discarded on the floor. Oddly, the right sleeve is missing.
dialog: curt TO:
scene_heading: INT. CIRCULAR HOLDING CELL
text: Goat and Portman hug the walls of a round room that’s mostly
text: a big pit. Curious, they shine their lights into its depths:
text: Twenty feet down, walls lined with smooth, heavy steel.
speaker_heading: GOAT
text: This is a holding cell.
text: His ears pick up a faint HUMMING sound.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Yeah? Why do you think --
text: Goat squats. Peers at the pit’s surface, the rough gouges in
text: the metal leading up to the rim. Portman squats beside him,
text: reaches his hand out to touch the inside surface of the pit --
text: CRACK! A JOLT of electricity throws Portman back against the
text: wall. As Goat turns to “X” the room with his fluorescent
dialog: marker...
speaker_heading: GOAT
dialog: I think it’s a holding cell because
text: the walls are electrified.
text: Portman frantically blows on his singed hand.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: You knew that and you still let me
dialog: touch it?!
dialog: (Goat smirks)
dialog: Goddammit Goat!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CENTRAL LABORATORY
text: As Sam fills another data pod, John is drawn to a light box
text: sunk in the wall. The bluish read-out shows a massive grid,
text: and the header reads: Thermal Ionization Mass Spectroscopy.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: This is a radioscopic map of the
dialog: ground under us. All these lines..?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Where buildings used to be, we think.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: There was a city here.
text: (then softly, spooked)
dialog: Something wiped these people out.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That's one theory. Which would have
dialog: more credence if we had any sense of
dialog: what might have “wiped” them “out”.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: There another theory?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Maybe they just -- went, with time?
text: John turns back to Lucy. Notes her protective posture.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You don’t shield your baby from time.
text: Sam resumes her work. Off a monitor below Lucy’s display:
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont’d)
dialog: Sam... Don’t humans have twenty-two
dialog: chromosomes, plus the sex chromosome?
text: Off Sam's murmur of assent:
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont’d)
dialog: Lucy had twenty-four?
text: On the monitor: CHROMOSOME MAPS that look like straws filled,
text: at various points, with alternating black and white strata.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: All these years, you could’ve been
text: squinting into a microscope instead
text: of a night vision sniper scope.
dialog: Ignoring the unsolicited analysis, and advice:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What's the 24th Chromosome for?
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We’re not sure. It’s got only one
dialog: layer of genetic material, we suspect
dialog: it may be synthetic. Bio-engineered.
dialog: No one’s been able to identify ten
dialog: percent of the human genome. There's
text: plenty of room in the helix to insert
dialog: stealth DNA.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So we have no idea what chromosome 24
dialog: does?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: The Olduvians knew. That’s what
dialog: Carmack’s team’s been working on.
dialog: Cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. CIRCULAR HOLDING CELL
text: Helping an unsteady Portman upright, Goat gravely reminds:
speaker_heading: GOAT
dialog: “Can one go upon hot coals and his
dialog: feet not be burned?”
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: It was my hand, not my foot, and if
dialog: you quote the goddamn Bible again
dialog: I‘1l put my foot right up your...
text: THUMP! Something’s leapt in the air then landed behind them.
text: They whirl -- but the thing’s already taken off again. Goat
dialog: signals: wait here, watch my back. Into his Communicator:
speaker_heading: GOAT
dialog: It's Goat in Zone Two... Something --
text: unidentified -- moving east... Fast.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - WITH SARGE
text: As he races after something that just whizzed across an
text: intersection of two adjoining corridors, ten yards off.
text: He FIRES a warning shot as Hernandez catches up.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: What is it --?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - THE KID
text: Younger, more eager and agile, he’s raced ahead of Destroyer,
text: sprinting along a curving corridor, just behind the thing ...
text: SPRAYING rounds at -- a shadow, hank of hair, flash of flesh.
speaker_heading: JOHN'S VOICE
dialog: Don’t shoot!
text: Pumped, The Kid barely HEARS over his ear-splitting barrage.
text: Panting, John catches up then pushes past, forcing the Kid to
text: hold his fire as John chases the thing around a corner and
text: into a DARKENED DEAD END.
text: John inches forward, keenly aware of the THICK BREATHING
text: emanating from the shadows.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: If you have a weapon, drop it.
text: THUMP: too loud for a dropped gun, more like a dropped body.
text: As Kid and Destroyer fall in behind him, John takes a deep
text: breath and turns on his gun-mounted FLASHLIGHT, pointing the
text: blinding light right into the eyes of...
text: A naked, shivering, babbling, underweight DR. TODD CARMACK.
text: A moment later Sarge is there, elbowing past John, toward:
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Dr. Carmack --?
text: Carmack just blinks, rocks, and MURMURS gibberish. A small,
text: fresh and fairly deep cut on his neck near the collarbone.
speaker_heading: GOAT
dialog: Sarge, don’t step on...
dialog: 
text: Gesturing at the Female Scientist’s severed arm on the floor.
text: Portman queasily waves the Sample Probe wand over it.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Clean.
text: Destroyer’s still carrying the lab-coat with missing sleeve.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: I‘ll take that, Destroyer.
text: Just as Sam races up.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh my god. Dr. Carmack ..?
text: She moves toward him, perhaps too suddenly.
text: Panicked, Carmack SCREAMS and retreats, tearing off his left
text: ear. Flings it at them. Blood pours from the wound.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Jesus Christ.
text: Portman cautiously “wands” Carmack as well: he’s clean too.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Anyone got a field medical pouch?
text: Portman offers his. Sam finds a packet of QuikClot.
text: Carefully approaches as she --
speaker_heading: SAM (cont'd)
dialog: Dr. Carmack, it’s me. Samantha
dialog: Grimm...I’m not going to hurt you.
text: He whimpers, terrified, but lets her get close. As she pours
text: the powder into the raw opening in Carmack’s scalp:
speaker_heading: SARGE
text: Hernandez, hump Carmack out to the
text: Infirmary with Doctor Grimm. Reaper,
dialog: go through Carmack’s records and
dialog: notes, try to find out what this guy
dialog: and his “Genetics Team” were doing in
dialog: here... The rest of you pair off,
dialog: keep sweeping and see if you can find
text: the body that goes with this arm.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
text: Rodger dodger. Humpin’ with the doc.
text: As the squad splits up into teams again:
speaker_heading: DESTROYER
dialog: What about you, Sarge?
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: We’re gonna need some bigger guns.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INT. DARK CORRIDOR (CARMACK’S LAB) - A MOMENT LATER
text: John presses himself against the wall, stepping carefully,
text: stopping to listen, sliding slowly along the corridor...
text: The only sound he hears, is water DRIPPING from somewhere.
text: He reaches the corner. Takes a breath. Takes a step --
text: -- directly into a dark shape coming out of the shadows. In
text: a heartbeat John’s drawn his plasma gun and --
speaker_heading: DARK SHAPE
dialog: Sorry. Goddammit. My fault.
text: John snaps on his light. It’s only Goat. Who shakes his
text: head, disgusted with himself.
speaker_heading: GOAT
dialog: Go on ahead, I'll catch up.
text: Turning away, he unsheathes a hunting knife from the leather
text: strap wrapped around his forearm. When Goat opens his shirt,
text: we see a chest covered in tiny CROSS-SHAPED SCARS. He brings
text: the blade to his breastbone, notches another one. Notices:
speaker_heading: GOAT (cont'd)
dialog: Reaper? I told you to go on ahead.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I took His name in vain.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well...when you’re done mortifying
dialog: the flesh? I’m in Carmack’s office.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - SAME TIME
text: Guns drawn, The Kid’s ears twitch at a single footfall behind
text: him. It’s Portman, conspicuously swinging his medical pouch.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: It's messed up, right? Guy like
dialog: that, trained to put logic before
dialog: emotion...he’s so freaked he tears
dialog: his own ear off. I tell ya. Shit
dialog: like that? Gets under your skin...
text: The Kid’s hands SHAKE. But Portman offers nothing, just
text: coolly waits for The Kid to ask:
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Do you...do you have any?
text: Portman flashes an evil, manipulative grin.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Do I have any what?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: You...you know.
text: The Kid holds out his arm, his sleeve already retracted.
text: Portman smirks, brings out a syringe, already loaded, and
text: presses it to The Kid's vein. Teases him...
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Whattaya say?
text: His voice muted with embarrassment:
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Please. Please.
text: Portman SINKS the syringe into The Kid’s vein. The Kid's
text: eyes roll back momentarily as he savors the high.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Please and what?
text: The Kid shudders, slow to react in his haze.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN (cont'd)
dialog: Please _ and what, skirt?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Thank you, thank you, Dean.
text: Portman smacks The Kid in the back of his head.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Much better.
text: Portman strolls off, leaving the Kid behind in the shadows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. CARMACK'S OFFICE
text: Goat enters to find John contemplating a floor-to-ceiling
text: panel of buttons and switches, monitors and data screens.
dialog: 31.
text: As Goat edgily eyeballs every corner, John accesses the hard-
text: drive back-ups for a decade's worth of skunkworks-style R&D.
text: Files are labeled: Exploitation of Mineral Wealth, Water,
dialog: Oil, Oxygen, Plant Life, Coal, Agriculture, Livestock & Other
text: Animal Assets -- each in turn followed by words like extinct,
text: extinguished, obsolete, unusable, depleted, and defunct.
text: Now John finds a pile of disks, no particular order, marked:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: “Carmack Vid-Notes”..?
text: He inserts one. On a MONITOR, an image comes up of CARMACK:
text: younger, calmer, almost jubilant.
speaker_heading: DR. CARMACK (HOLOGRAM)
dialog: -- test rats have evidenced increased
dialog: musculature, endurance, ability to --
text: John ejects, tries for something more recent. Looking older:
speaker_heading: DR. CARMACK (HOLOGRAM) (cont'd)
dialog: -- skeletal development, stimulation
dialog: of the rhesus’s metabolic systems ...
dialog: I'm sure these genetic enhancements
dialog: are key to the remarkable scientific
dialog: advances we've discovered on Olduvai.
text: John and Goat don’t notice as, behind them ...
text: ».. the office door swings wider. John ejects the disk --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY - SAME TIME
text: The staff has cleared out, of course. Carmack lies on a cot,
text: inert, staring at the ceiling with dilated eyes. Hernandez
text: queasily presses an ice-pack to his mangled ear-stump.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: (spooked, re Carmack)
text: He’s shrinking. Why’s he shrinking?
text: Sam monitors the multiple IV lines.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: I don’t know. I’m pumping in
dialog: dextrose, glucose, plasma and his
text: weight keeps dropping, like he’s
dialog: metabolizing himself ...
dialog: 32.
text: She wraps a rubber cuff around Carmack’s shriveled bicep,
dialog: pumping it up to get a blood-pressure reading. When --
text: -- Carmack bolts upright, grabs Sam by the hair and pulls her
text: face up to his saliva-flecked lips. Then, hoarsely whispers:
speaker_heading: CARMACK
dialog: Shut down the Wormhole.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Whoa, whoa!
text: He yanks Sam back, out of Carmack’s grasp.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Leave him alone.
dialog: Back to Carmack:
speaker_heading: SAM (cont’d)
dialog: Dr. Carmack? What happened in there?
dialog: It’s me, Samantha Grimm. It’s OK...
speaker_heading: CARMACK
dialog: Please. Shut it down. He...
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: «+-got loose.
text: Carmack sinks back into the cot. Lips moving again, but Sam
text: can’t hear. Fighting her fear, she leans closer...
speaker_heading: CARMACK (cont'd)
dialog: Your parents...were right.
text: Then his eyes roll back and he subsides into unconsciousness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. CARMACK’S OFFICE - SAME TIME
text: John and Goat watch the next disk. Oblivious to a SILHOUETTE
text: behind them, in the door. That fills the doorframe.
speaker_heading: DR. CARMACK (HOLOGRAM)
dialog: -.- Curtis Stahle, a healthy white
dialog: male, aged 24. This represents the
dialog: apex of ten years of animal study ...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (off time and date stamp)
dialog: This was made yesterday --
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: GOAT
dialog: (places the name)
dialog: “Curtis Stahle”. Hernandez and I
dialog: escorted him to Grimm/Labs, maybe a
dialog: month ago. I remember ‘cause it was
text: the middle of the night.
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - FLASHBACK VIA VIDEO FOOTAGE
text: We are watching grainy SECURITY CAMERA FOOTAGE. Goat and
text: Hernandez lead STAHLE, an oversized, acne-scarred convict,
text: down the hall as quickly as his LEG CHAINS will allow.
speaker_heading: GOAT’S VOICE
text: He was manacled. Transport driver
dialog: said he'd killed some little kids...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ARMORY - PRESENT
text: Sarge enters the darkened room. This time he’s brought two
text: new items. First, that lab coat with the missing sleeve. He
text: unpins the badge and scans it.
speaker_heading: SENSOR
dialog: ID confirmed: Donna Jackson.
dialog: Advanced Weapons Personnel confirmed.
text: It slides open, revealing a hand-imprint pressure pad.
speaker_heading: SENSOR (cont’d)
dialog: Please provide DNA verification.
text: The second item is Dr. Jackson’s severed arm. Sarge presses
text: the dead scientist's hand against the pressure pad. BEAT.
speaker_heading: SENSOR (cont'd)
dialog: DNA Verification confirmed.
text: The door finally slides open. Sarge chucks the arm, enters:
scene_heading: INT. ADVANCED WEAPONS SECTION OF THE ARMORY
text: An enormous, gorgeous, next-gen killing device -- the BFG, or
text: BIOFORCE GUN) -- floats _in midair, rotating slowly in the
text: center of the room...just as one find weapons in a game.
dialog: 34.
text: But this is no game. Sarge circles the BFG with nervous
text: tension. He knows there must be some kind of force-field
text: protecting the suspended-in-space weapon from interlopers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. CARMACK’S OFFICE
text: Goat's still watching the “Vid-Notes” -- but John’s attention
text: has shifted to a faint but long, bizarre shadow on the floor.
speaker_heading: DR. CARMACK (HOLOGRAM)
dialog: ++. confine Stahle to the Detention
dialog: Tank for careful evaluation after --
text: Abruptly John hits Pause -- and a low, wet RASPING is heard.
text: Goat spins around, cannon SPEWING DEATH...
text: John joins in, unleashes sustained pinpoint fire at a shadow-
text: SOMETHING ROARS in anger as it retreats --
text: We glimpse inhuman muscle-mass, thick scaly skin, a tusk and
text: a leg-iron, heavy chain busted, still locked around an ankle.
text: John and Goat race out into:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: Where the pair advances, crouching. Goat KICKS open a door.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Shoot-pause-enter.
speaker_heading: GOAT
dialog: What the hell was that?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Shoot-pause-enter.
text: John squeezes a BURST. BEAT. They swing inside -- nothing.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ARMORY - SARGE
text: hears the FIRE. Damn -- with no time to get his hands on the
text: BFG he turns, sprinting toward the fracas as, into his radio:
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Who's firing, what’s your position?
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - A MOMENT LATER
text: At an intersection of corridors, John and Goat reunite with
text: Portman and the Kid (coming from the Commissary) and Sarge.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Hold your fire! What in god’s name
dialog: are you shitheads shooting at--!?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Some -- thing. Huge. Not human.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: What the hell was it?
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: We're on another planet, who knows
dialog: what kinda wildlife they got here?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: We got it contained in the lab.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Or not. We order an immediate evac
dialog: and secure the main facility!
text: He hurries toward the air-lock, the squad following.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY - SAME TIME
text: Sam stares, confused, at the automated blood-typing machine.
text: The read-out blinks: Blood group cannot be identified.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What the hell?
text: She looks at Carmack, who is now in soft restraints. Sarge’s
text: voice cuts in over Hernandez’s communicator.
speaker_heading: SARGE (VO)
dialog: Hernandez, get your ass over to the
dialog: residential unit to assist with evac.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: You good?
text: She nods and Hernandez takes off.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ (cont'd)
dialog: (into communicator)
dialog: Roger that, on the way.
text: And he’s gone. She returns to the blood typing machine.
text: Enters more data. After a moment, the read out blinks again:
dialog: Blood group cannot be identified.
text: It doesn’t make sense. She goes to the cabinet, pulls out a
text: cauterizing kit. Turns back to Carmack -- reacts.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh shit...
text: The cot where Carmack lay a moment ago, is empty. All he’s
text: left behind is a bloody smear across a sheet. OVER the PA:
speaker_heading: SARGE (ON PA)
dialog: Attention Olduvai personnel. This is
text: Sergeant Asher Mahonin, UACM.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RESIDENTIAL ZONE
text: Yet another series of cramped industrial hallways, with one
dialog: notable difference: A laughable attempt has been made to make
dialog: the area more “comforting:”
text: The handsome front doors of the residential units, as well as
text: the units’ quaint windows, are all set into one side of the
text: hallway. The other side boasts a “view” painted onto the
text: cold steel. The low ceilings are painted to resemble an
text: abnormally blue sky.
text: An infant wouldn't be fooled by this pathetic facade.
speaker_heading: SARGE (ON PA)
dialog: In a timely and orderly fashion, you
dialog: are to report under armed escort to
dialog: the Wormhole Chamber for temporary
dialog: evacuation back to Grimm/Labs.
text: The four-dozen or so nervous RESIDENTS who'd only recently
text: been sequestered here, nervously emerge from their “homes”.
dialog: 37.
text: They follow behind Portman and the Kid, eventually emerging
text: from -- A LARGE IRON GATE, like that which might enclose an
text: upscale “gated community”, except it is built into another
text: steel wall. So rather than a wholesome welcome to a
text: neighborhood, it is more akin to a gussied up MINE SHAFT
text: ENTRANCE. The gate’s electric current is SHUT OFF.
text: An agitated TECH 1 watches the two men converse -- quietly,
dialog: seriously.
speaker_heading: TECH 1
dialog: What do you bet those guys know
dialog: something they're not telling us?
speaker_heading: TECH 2
dialog: Yeah, well, probably classified ...
text: We TRACK ahead, HEAR their sotto dialogue.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: She said he just disappeared?
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Yeah. Probably ran off somewhere to
text: rip off the other ear.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. ATRIUM
text: Pinky opens the double dead-bolted steel door to the Olduvai
text: side of the Wormhole. TWO LONG LINES of evacuating
text: personnel have formed as Hernandez checks IDs and the restive
text: crowd proceeds, one by one, into the chamber that’1l
dialog: transport them home.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: I should go, make sure she’s okay.
speaker_heading: DESTROYER
dialog: Sarge went, she’s fine. You gettin’
dialog: a little attached?
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DESTROYER
dialog: Don't do this again, man.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Don’t what?
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: DESTROYER
dialog: Come on, no. Just no. Okay?
dialog: (to a passing woman)
dialog: Lady. Wait. You alright?
text: The LADY not only looks distraught, as though she’s been
text: weeping, but her neck is bruised and bleeding, the collar of
text: her blouse stained with something dark.
scene_heading: MRS. WILLITS
dialog: I...I...something...
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: What happened, Mrs...
dialog: (checking her name tag)
dialog: «. Willits?
scene_heading: MRS. WILLITS
dialog: My baby -- fever...
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Yeah? Where is your baby --?
dialog: (off her stare)
dialog: Is the baby home with your husband?
speaker_heading: DESTROYER
dialog: We‘re still short four heads.
text: But Hernandez is staring at the woman. Concerned.
speaker_heading: DESTROYER (cont'd)
dialog: Gregg?
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: (to Mrs. Willits)
dialog: Go on ma‘am, we'll take a look.
dialog: (then to Destroyer)
dialog: We gotta check a house. “Willits”.
dialog: See if there’s a baby...
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WILLITS NURSERY
text: What's left of a splintered, bloodstained door is kicked in
text: by Hernandez and Destroyer -- bursting in, weapons deployed.
text: Inside, the residential units are made up to as closely as
text: possible resemble actual homes. Walls painted pink, the
text: nursery is filled with stuffed animals and toys.
dialog: 39.
text: There's a rocking chair in one corner, and a CRIB in the
text: center of the room. Which, ominously, marks the end of a
text: path of dribbled, spattered blood from the door.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Oh, man.
text: Against his better judgement, Hernandez approaches the crib,
text: glances down. BEAT. He straight-arms Destroyer behind him.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ (cont’d)
dialog: Don’t. Gannon. Just ... don’t.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: As Sarge, John and the rest of the squad sweep the room, guns
text: bristling, tensions now high.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: You guy's find Dr. Carmack?
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: That's kinda weird isn’t it? I mean
dialog: he was pretty hurt and all --
text: Hernandez and Destroyer exit the nursery. Both men are pale,
text: in shock. Destroyer doubles over, retching, overcome.
speaker_heading: DESTROYER
dialog: Oh god...
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Lady said her baby had a fever.
speaker_heading: DESTROYER
dialog: Lot worse than any fever --
dialog: 
text: He trails off, noting that John and Sarge are both looking up
text: at the ceiling -- specifically, at the stain of blood from
text: inside it that leads across ... then down to an open window.
text: As he and John dash out the unit’s back door --
scene_heading: INT. RESIDENTIAL HOUSING CORRIDOR 10
text: -- and follow the blood smear from the window, down the wall,
text: to an open manhole set into the corridor’s floor.
dialog: 40.
text: They regard the hole for a brief moment, then John steps
text: forward, cocks his weapon, and drops down. The rest follow.
text: Only Portman hesitates.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Sarge, it’s one thing to be “in the
dialog: shit" as a figure of speech, but --
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Get in the goddamn hole, Portman.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WORMHOLE CHAMBER - PINKY
text: Plays DOOM on a monitor. Huengs sits nearby.
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: Dude. I’m five frags up on this guy
text: Fragglet, and he’s just standing
dialog: there taking shots at me with the
dialog: chaingun. The Chaingun!!!
text: Pinky looks to Huengs...and discovers him to be asleep at a
text: nearby computer terminal, leaning back in the chair, head
text: rolled back. His eyes closed. Pinky goes back to his game.
text: A DRIBBLE OF VISCOUS GREEN MUCOUS drops into Hueng‘s open
text: mouth from somewhere above. Huengs gags. His eyes open
text: WIDE, he looks up. SCREAMS.
text: Pinky turns around from his game. Holy shit. We don’t see
text: it, but from the look on Pinky’s face it’s horrifying. To
text: the sounds of flesh ripping and bones breaking, Pinky backs
text: toward the Wormhole slowly. Trying to go unnoticed.
text: As Huengs’ screams continue and Pinky’s hand reaches for the
dialog: wormhole control panel we --
speaker_heading: CcuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SEWER
text: Portman, breathing through his mouth, waves his beam around.
text: Every FOOTFALL, DRIP and CREAK echoes off the tunnel’s metal
text: surface, amplified and distorted. And it’s a claustrophobe’s
text: worst nightmare -- the men have to hunker down as they walk.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Stay in cigar formation. If you can
dialog: ID the enemy, don’t wait for your
dialog: buddy to do the same: start shooting.
dialog: To ward off fear, Goat (the only one who, per regulations,
text: wears Night Vision Goggles) softly recites from the Bible:
speaker_heading: GOAT
dialog: “Be sober, be vigilant, because your
dialog: adversary the devil ... walketh
dialog: about, seeking whom he may devour.”
speaker_heading: SARGE |
dialog: Goat? Give it a rest, would ya?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You really believe that?
speaker_heading: GOAT
dialog: I know what I saw.
scene_heading: WITH DESTROYER AND HERNANDEZ
text: as they march through the muck, playing their light-beams in
text: regular, repeating patterns:
speaker_heading: DESTROYER
dialog: H, when we were kids playing soldier,
dialog: y‘ever picture yourself doing this?
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: No, I pictured myself getting laid.
scene_heading: BACK TO JOHN
text: As he passes The Kid, moving into position to walk point:
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Hey. You don’t wear NVG’s neither?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don’t like ‘em -- they limit your
text: peripheral vision.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Plus y’can’t see shit to either side.
text: John smiles. Then there's a SPLASH -- and The Kid tenses as
text: John turns -- sees that Goat tripped on some debris, is all.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Stephen, right?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Everyone's calling me The Kid, so --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So this is why you joined up, huh?
dialog: Romance, adventure, see the world,
dialog: make the parents proud?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: I...well, I...lost my parents...
text: John silently registers this, fingering his scar, as:
speaker_heading: THE KID (cont'd)
dialog: I woke up one morning and everything
dialog: was gone. Only thing left was -- me.
dialog: They wanted the TV more than they
dialog: wanted me.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You lost your folks, right? They
dialog: sorta ... founded, this whole --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Car accident.
text: The Kid takes this in. A few more steps in silence, then:
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Your sister -- she’s some big
dialog: scientist up here ...
dialog: (off John’s nod)
dialog: And you’re humping it in a sewer --?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The road not taken.
text: The Kid turns to John, to try to read his face -- and,
text: looking in Kid’s eyes, as at a reflection, John sees:
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont‘d)
dialog: Your pupils, they’re pinned, Kid ...
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (turning away)
dialog: I got this condition, Reaper. When
dialog: I’m scared --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Portman supplying you?
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: He didn’t force me, I --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You take one more shot of that shit,
dialog: I’1l1 blow holes in you and Portman.
text: Without warning The Kid whips two hand cannons from his chest
text: holsters, points them both in the direction of John’s head --
scene_heading: WITH DESTROYER AND HERNANDEZ
text: As Hernandez feels something tickling his kneecap. He
text: reaches down, and scoops something out of the water ...
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: D? This has gotta be the last straw.
text: It’s a mangled doll's head.
text: BACK TO JOHN AND THE KID
text: John gently reaches out, to calm the overwrought youth:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Kid, that was just my way of ...
text: Slowly The Kid adjusts his aim -- over both John’s shoulders.
text: And with reason: SOMETHING’s creeping in the dark behind Goat
text: in the rear.
text: They can hear it BREATHE. Now the whole Squad stops in its
text: tracks, moved to steadfast silence.
text: A ghostly white object, in the shape of a human torso, floats
dialog: along the tunnel ...
text: John raises it up: a lacerated, bloody lab-coat. With Dr.
text: Willits’ ID still pinned over the breast pocket.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Goat!
speaker_heading: NIGHT VISION POV
text: We see what Goat sees: the tunnel behind, all lit, all clear.
speaker_heading: GOAT’S VOICE
dialog: What?
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: THE KID’S VOICE
dialog: Five o’clock!!
text: Goat's POV swivels to five o’clock. FILLING the FRAME is a
text: MAN'S FACE, as it emerges from the muck. Its eyes open.
speaker_heading: GOAT’S VOICE
dialog: +s. Dr. Willits ..?
text: Then the rest of its eyes open and --
text: BACK TO JOHN AND THE KID
text: It happens so fast. A GLIMMER of RAZOR SHARP TEETH, and then
text: something ROCKETS from the maw of darkness, embedding deep
text: into Goat’s neck. His eyes go wide, arms flail helplessly.
text: The creature retreats further into the tunnel, allowing its
text: tongue to slowly spool out of its throat. Then in one quick
text: motion, it retreats entirely, tongue separating from its
text: body. The pink two-foot muscle writhes grotesquely, the
text: fluid sack at its posterior end pumping furiously. Goat
text: stumbles backward, grasping at it.
text: John and the rest of the squad step into firing formation.
text: Unleash a HELL STORM into the darkness. From the void a high
text: pitched SCREAM, otherworldly, terrifying.
text: The shooting slowly stops as each man runs out of ammo. And
text: finally, from far down the tunnel, the screaming ends and the
text: sound of something large SPLASHES into the water.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Man down, dammit --
text: Goat lies motionless in the muck. After completely emptying
text: its contents into his neck, the tongue drops into his lap,
text: still squirming in a grotesque struggle for independent life.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sweet Jesus.
speaker_heading: CcuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: John and Sarge carry in an unresponsive Goat.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What the hell happened?
dialog: 45.
text: Behind them, Hernandez and Destroyer hump a strangely shaped
text: BODYBAG. John anxiously watches as Sam tries to stanch
text: Goat's bleeding. Next, a shot of adrenaline. And another.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Goat was ... right behind me, he ...
dialog: was talking about “devils” --
text: Sarge stands silently, waiting for Sam to finish her work.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: “Devils”?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Goat, he ... sees the world in black
dialog: and white, doubt --
text: Sam stands, wipes her brow, shakes her head. He’s gone.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: -- and faith.
text: He blinks back tears.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: Sam reaches for a body-bag. As she starts to zip it up:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Wait.
text: He closes Goat's eyelids. Then reaches into Goat’s Kevlar
text: vest. Pulls out Goat’s well-thumbed, now bloodstained
text: edition of the Bible. Pockets it, zips shut the body-bag.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What’s in that one?
text: The other body bag. The remaining team members exchange
text: dubious glances.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Show her.
text: Destroyer unzips the second bag. Sam gasps at the blasted
text: remnants of the IMP: A towering humanoid with eight eyes and
text: a thick black exoskeleton.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Good Christ...
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: What the hell are you people working
dialog: on up here?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We're analyzing bones, minerals ...
dialog: We're not doing anything like this --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Carmack was experimenting on human
text: subjects in his genetics lab.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (heatedly)
dialog: No. Mice, maybe. Monkeys.
text: John tosses her the “Carmack Vid-Notes” disc angrily.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: He was experimenting on a convicted
dialog: killer named Curtis Stahle.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No, we don’t have human subject study
dialog: approvals!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It’s in his goddam notes!
text: Sam stares at the disc. John turns to Sarge.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont’d)
dialog: This isn’t the same creature Goat and
dialog: I saw outside Carmack’s lab.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: You mean there’s more than one?
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CLOSE - VIDEO MAP
text: It depicts a blue outline of Olduvai’s layout. OVER:
speaker_heading: THE KID'S VOICE
dialog: What're those green dots...?
text: A HAND reaches into FRAME, pointing to EIGHT GREEN BLIPS,
dialog: we're inside the --
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY
text: Portman looks from the large wall-mounted Map, to the Kid.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: That's us, Newbie. That guy Pinky, a
dialog: few stragglers. Carbon-based life
text: forms, identified as green dots...
text: Sarge is sending a message over UAC secure lines:
speaker_heading: SARGE
text: This Sergeant Asher Mahonin, phoning
dialog: in a Operational Status Report at 0-
dialog: 915 hours from Olduvai. Situation
text: remains unstable. Grimm/Labs and all
dialog: Olduvai evacuees to remain under
dialog: lockdown until we complete Sweep and
dialog: Clear here and return.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: That's a bullshit sit-rep, Sarge --
dialog: “unstable” means we need help, true?
text: Sarge glares at Portman then turns to the Squad and, coolly:
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Any other questions?
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: We need to call for help.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We're six million light years from
dialog: home. Message won't even get there
text: for an hour.
text: Kid's still studying the map.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: If the green blips are us, then
dialog: what're those?
text: Pointing to the TWO RED BLIPS in the Chamber, nearby.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Carbon-based life forms.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Why red, not green --?
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Because they’re not genetically
text: identifiable as human.
speaker_heading: DESTROYER
dialog: Whatever they are, they’re huge --
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: And they’re moving.
text: As the terrifying implication sinks in, Sarge starts to
text: reload. The rest of the squad follows suit -- except:
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Five minutes ago, we wasted some --
dialog: thing, Reaper thinks there’s another
dialog: and now we got three --?!
text: With a deep, abiding and terrible calm:
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: We'll work our way from here to the
text: Wormhole and clean ‘em out, re-mark
dialog: every swept area. Hernandez stays
dialog: with Sam. Upload the GSR map to your
text: heads up displays.
text: Sarge pulls a USB memory card from the monitor hard drive,
text: loads it into his belt PC. The HUD on his visor suddenly
text: glows green. Then Sarge tosses the memory card to John who
dialog: does the same and passes it along as --
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: If we'd used the GSRs when we first
dialog: got here we wouldn’t be in this shit.
dialog: (they ignore him)
dialog: You’re serious --?! Screw this! We
dialog: gotta call in reinforcements! D’ya
dialog: see the way that thing greased Goat?
text: Sarge chambers rounds.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN (cont'd)
dialog: I enlisted to protect UAC property
dialog: and personnel. From terrorists and
dialog: thugs, dangerous yes, but at least
dialog: they were human... It’s Standard
dialog: Operating Procedure to call in
dialog: reinforcements when a situa--
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: We are the reinforcements. Reload.
dialog: 49,
text: Desperate, Portman looks to John for support. Instead, John
text: slams a final round into his chamber, then, quietly:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Pray For War.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ATRIUM
text: The squad is spread out in a an advance offensive formation,
text: cautiously approaching the Wormhole Chamber until Sarge
text: abruptly halts them with a hand signal.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: .«.-damn door’s open...
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Grenade?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah right, and blow the Wormhole...
text: Sarge signals for the team to split in two, hunker down on
text: both sides of the partially open double-deadbolt steel door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY - SAME TIME
text: Sam pulls open what’s left of the Imp’s huge jaw, shines a
text: penlight in, past the razor-sharp incisors.
text: Hernandez stands back -- a good vantage point for throwing
text: the occasional admiring glance at Sam’s ass, as she works.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Shit.
text: She's dropped her penlight into the Imp’s mouth and deep into
text: its gullet. She turns, signals:
speaker_heading: SAM (cont'd)
dialog: Hold this open.
text: Hernandez hesitates.
speaker_heading: SAM (cont’d)
dialog: Don’t be a pussy.
text: Grimacing, Hernandez grips the jaws, pries them wide apart.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Little tension ‘tween you and Reaper?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No big deal. We just went our
dialog: separate ways. After our parents...
text: Hernandez nods: he’s more or less familiar with the story.
speaker_heading: SAM (cont'd)
dialog: I focused on textbooks, microscopes.
text: He gravitated to guns and explosives.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Yeah? What was he like before?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: As a boy? Empathetic, sensitive.
text: Sam reaches into the creature’s mouth halfway up to her
text: elbow. She stretches her fingertips, straining.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Hard to think of Reaper as sensitive.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Well, I knew “Reaper” before all the
dialog: drop-down-gimme-fifty “woo-ha” stuff.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: It’s “hoo-ah”...
text: While Sam isn’t watching, Hernandez wipes away rivulets of
text: sweat from his forehead.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You don’t have a family, do you?
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: I have Destroyer. His folks took me
dialog: in. We came up together.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He seems like a good guy.
text: Hernandez nods, embarrassed by this rare moment of candor.
speaker_heading: SAM (cont’'d)
dialog: You know -- I bet you’ve secretly got
dialog: a big heart, Hernandez ...
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Not the only secret big thing I got.
dialog: 51.
text: Sam smirks at the clumsy line, grabs a scalpel, begins a Y-
text: incision but the scalpel SNAPS in half. She taps the broken
text: handle against the thick EXOSKELETON.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I need a power bone saw. There’s one
text: in the morgue.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: "Power bone saw.” Lady, I been
dialog: looking for you my whole life.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WORMHOLE CHAMBER
text: John enters first, steps over Huengs’ dismembered, lifeless
text: corpse. The room is silent, otherwise empty. Off a soft but
text: precise signal of TAPS with his gun-stock against the floor,
text: the others follow him inside, army-crawling through the
text: crystalline maze. Slowly closing in on the Mirrored Cylinder
text: at the center of the cavernous room...
speaker_heading: DESTROYER
dialog: Where's that guy Pinky...?
text: He trails off, distracted by another annoying, repetitive...
text: PLINK. They’re small white OBJECTS, striking the floor. One
text: lands near The Kid -- who, curious, scoops one into his palm.
text: He looks up, ghost white.
text: Now everyone sees what he’s holding: a bloodied human tooth.
text: Destroyer turns to find John looking up. Then he looks up to
text: the suspended catwalks. Through his spotter scope, sees:
text: The BARON, nearly bursting from its skin with muscularity.
text: Where canines should be, the Baron boasts four razor-sharp
text: tusks. Wart-like lumps speckle its face.
text: Does it not see them, or is it simply unafraid? Quietly:
speaker_heading: DESTROYER (cont'd)
dialog: Where's the other one?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: Hernandez is returning from the Morgue, carries the bone saw.
text: Through the open nanowall of the Infirmary he can see Sam
text: working over the Imp. Calls to her, holds up the bone saw.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Isn't there a saying? ‘Chivalry is
dialog: worth two full body massages and a
dialog: foot rub?’ Something like that?
text: Sam doesn’t even look up, keeps working.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We'll see.
text: But Hernandez has heard something, slows. Afraid to look
text: behind him as --
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: +..eyeah we will...
text: Hernandez's blood splatters across the wall.
text: He staggers back, trips and falls. The DEMON that’s just
text: torn a hole in Hernandez’s arm stands above him.
text: Hernandez looks slowly up at the drooling monstrosity. Tries
text: to reach for his weapon.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: +. Greg...
text: Sam's standing in the open Infirmary nanowall, staring at the
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Sam, get back inside.
text: The Demon’s turned it’s attention to Sam. It allows
text: Hernandez to roll over, grab his weapon and fire a hurried
text: shot. The demon SCREAMS, falls backward.
text: Hernandez jumps to his feet, takes off toward the Infirmary
text: as fast as he can run.
text: But with terrifying recovery speed, the Demon is back in
text: action, on his heels and gaining, slicing the air with its
dialog: massive claws --
text: At the end of the hallway, Sam stands on the other side of
text: the open nanowall, hands on the control panel.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Come on. Come on.
text: Hernandez sprints with all he’s got.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Now! Do it now!
text: With fading strength, he leaps head-first. The Demon follows
text: suit a split-second behind Hernandez, as ...
text: Sam activates the panel. Hernandez tumbles through.
text: Next come the Demon’s head, upper torso -- then the nanowall
text: solidifies. It SCREAMS as its bones CRACK within the wall.
text: Enraged, its tongue spools out just shy of Hernandez’s neck.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. WORMHOLE CHAMBER - SAME TIME
text: The squad has spread out in a horseshoe pattern, still
text: focused on the demon above. Quietly:
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Once we open fire, if it tries to get
text: away, lay down fire to force it away
dialog: from the Wormhole...
text: Sarge pauses as The Baron SPITS another tooth at them, this
text: time almost malevolently. A _leg-iron with a busted chain
text: dangles from its ankle.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Reaper.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: THE KID
text: The manacle and chain.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Curtis Stahle.
text: The Baron LEAPS from its perch, hurtling toward the team.
text: Destroyer’s chain gun SPRAYS LEAD. John’s twin pistols RAIN
text: HOT METAL. Kid’s hand cannon SPEWS FIRE. The brunt of the
text: firepower catches the Baron square in the chest.
dialog: 54.
text: The force of the blast sends the creature crashing into the
text: heart of the stacks fifty feet back. The Team relaxes
dialog: momentarily: nothing could have survived that.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: What the hell was that?!
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Is it dead?
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Nothing could have survived that.
text: The SHATTER of GLASS. The Squad watches, amazed, as:
text: The Baron, wounded yet seemingly none the worse for wear
text: plows full speed through wall after wall of see-through metal
text: aggregate. A cloud of crystalline EXPLOSIONS fills the room.
text: The Squad begins quickly reloading.
text: With only several feet and one glass wall to go, the Squad
text: begins a final volley commences with a MAELSTROM of crystal,
text: HUNDREDS of ROUNDS directed at a single target, as:
text: The Baron leaps quick and high over the team and disappears
text: on the other side of them. The team firing after him.
speaker_heading: SARGE (cont’d)
text: It’s heading back for Carmack’s lab.
text: As Sarge and Squad give chase, John’s on his communicator:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hernandez, we're following Curtis
dialog: Stahl, but there’s another one
dialog: running around out there somewhere --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY - SAME TIME
text: Off the hardened nanowall, and the Imp trapped within it:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah, it’s running days are over.
dialog: We're both OK, but Hernandez has a
dialog: gash I’ve got to sew. Be careful out
dialog: there ...
text: She signs off then takes over from Hernandez, who’s trying to
text: sew up his own wound. He gazes at her with admiration.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: You know, it’s both common and
dialog: natural for the body to misinterpret
dialog: physical excitement brought on by
dialog: fear as sexual arousal.
text: Sam smiles coyly, then jams the suture needle a couple inches
text: deeper into the wound than she needs to. Hernandez YELPS,
dialog: off her smile we --
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: CARMACK’S LAB - SAME TIME
text: As the team reenters, taking up positions, Sarge senses the
text: rising level of fear and uncertainty. Rallying his men:
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Loud, fast, and violent. Got it?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Me and Kid‘1l circle around.
text: John and the Kid go, Sarge orders Portman and Destroyer:
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Maintain a perimeter here. I’m
dialog: heading back to the Armory. We need
text: something with a little kick.
text: Destroyer takes up position, hyper-alert. Portman watches as
text: Sarge disappears down the corridor, then:
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Bet there’d be a lotta parties
dialog: wanting to study one of these things
dialog: ..- Defense contractors, Big Pharma.
dialog: (off the silence)
dialog: Big money, you know?
dialog: (more silence)
dialog: I’m just saying, maybe we should try
dialog: to capture one alive...
text: Destroyer ignores him. Portman takes a moment.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN (cont‘d)
dialog: I gotta take a piss.
text: Portman heads off for the head. Destroyer watches him go.
text: It’s quiet, still, Destroyer’s tense. Waiting, hot. Senses
text: he's being watched, whirls --
dialog: 56.
text: -- but it’s only Lucy in her display case, accusatorially
text: “staring” through the hollow eye-sockets of her skull.
text: Destroyer’s getting spooked.
speaker_heading: DESTROYER
dialog: Hey Portman! How long does it take
dialog: to take a piss?
dialog: (there’s no answer)
dialog: Portman...!
text: Still nothing. Destroyer sweeps his beam across the room.
text: All is quiet. And then, with no warning and at frightening
text: speed, Destroyer is YANKED VIOLENTLY into the darkness of --
scene_heading: AN ADJOINING CORRIDOR
text: He lands with a thud, opens his eyes to find himself staring
text: at a wide-open salivating mouth with monstrous teeth.
text: Destroyer instantly reacts, rolling away from the wet maw
text: then in the same motion delivering a mighty kick to the
text: Baron's thick thigh, shocking the beast’s femoral artery ...
text: As the Baron topples, it swats off Destroyer’s helmet which
text: smashes against the wall. Unable to radio the squad for
text: help, Destroyer grabs the busted chain from the demon’s
text: MANACLE in an attempt to drag the beast back into the Lab.
text: He gets all of two feet before the Baron ROARS and swings its
text: leg mightily, flinging Destroyer all the way down the
dialog: corridor and into --
scene_heading: INT. CIRCULAR HOLDING CELL
text: Where Destroyer tumbles into the darkened pit. Destroyer
text: struggles to his feet, backs into the one shaft of light
text: coming down from above. Looks at the 20 foot walls of the
text: pit, considering his options when the sound of something HUGE
text: landing in the darkness beside him spins him around.
text: Destroyer peers into the darkness. Can barely make out the
text: Baron's DRIPPING FANGS. Destroyer cracks his knuckles.
speaker_heading: DESTROYER
dialog: I see we speak the same language.
text: Then he and the Baron proceed to beat the shit out of each
text: other. It’s not fluid, choreographed or beautiful, but a
text: knock-down drag-out fight between physically dominant foes.
text: Destroyer rushes the darkness, throws himself headfirst into
dialog: the shadows...CRACK!
dialog: 57.
text: The unmistakable sound of skull on skull. Seconds
text: later...BLAM! A HARSH BUZZ of voltage and flash of light as
text: the reeling Baron backs into the electrified wall. The Baron
text: HOWLS. Then it’s dark again.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Portman warily enters as the lights FLICKER overhead, peers
text: under stalls to be sure he’s alone. Enters a stall and locks
text: it, perching on the lidless toilet with the communicator in
text: his lap. He changes frequency, inputs a comm-code (readout
text: blinks UAC Encrypted Transmission). Quietly:
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: This is PFC Dean Portman with UACM
dialog: Special Ops on Olduvai approximately
dialog: 1500 hours. Have encountered extra-—
dialog: terrestrial entities, with unlimited
dialog: potential for commercial exploitation
dialog: strongly advise you send a commando
dialog: platoon to recover specimens living
dialog: and/or dead A-SAP --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY OBSERVATION ROOM - SAME TIME
text: Empty save for the several covered and bagged CADAVERS atop
text: lab tables, Sam and Hernandez are visible on the other side
text: of the large observation windows, their backs to us.
text: Suddenly, one of the bagged cadavers LURCHES off its
text: stretcher. Falls heavily to the floor.
text: First one arm, then another PUNCHES through the vinyl.
text: Skeletal hands grip desperately at the material. Tear it.
text: Hernandez and Sam still unaware in the room next door.
text: One arm and then another is exposed and now it’s chest, the
text: blistered and mutating skin is unmistakable thanks to the
text: CROSSES still scarred into it. It’s Goat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADVANCED WEAPONS SECTION OF THE ARMORY - SAME TIME
text: Sarge again stands in front of the beautiful floating gun,
text: girds himself, reaches for the BFG. No force-field, no
text: shock, no pain, he’s gripping the BioForce Gun.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Huh.
dialog: Sarge considers this, loves the feel of this gun in his
text: hands. The lights FLICKER, then FLICKER again. Shit.
speaker_heading: SARGE (cont'd)
dialog: Destroyer? Come in...
dialog: (nothing)
dialog: Portman? Reaper...?
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY - SAME TIME
text: The lights FLICKER yet again.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: What the hell is that?
text: Sam looks up doesn’t know, then leans back in to pry open the
text: last tough bit of the Imp’s exoskeleton, hands a CROWBAR to
text: Hernandez. Pries opens the chest cavity with both hands.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ (cont'd)
dialog: Can you make any sense of it?
text: Sam shakes her head -- mystified, horrified.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ (cont’d)
dialog: What, have you ever seen anything
dialog: like it before?
text: Sam nods, steps away from the body.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ (cont'd)
dialog: Yes. It’s human.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - SAME TIME
text: John and the Kid flank each side of a large open door.
text: Strange noises emanate from within. They nod to each other
text: and SPIN, GUNS TRAINED, enter --
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: INT. LAB - CONTINUOUS
text: Step over several savaged bodies littering the floor. One
text: has a missing arm, another lies on it’s stomach, it’s head
text: twisted all the way around so it’s face is staring up into
text: the ceiling. In the back, a SCIENTIST in white coat is
text: leaning over a bank of cages. Both John and the Kid relax.
speaker_heading: THE KID
text: A straggler.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (placating)
dialog: Sir? The facility’s been evacuated.
text: The man cranes his neck to look back at them, like an animal
text: caught in headlights. His eyes are WIDE, his skin pale.
text: There’s blood around his mouth.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: (cautious )
dialog: Doctor? We need you to make your way
text: immediately to the Wormhole.
text: The man thrusts his hands into a cage, and in a single
text: movement SHOVELS TWO LAB MICE INTO HIS MOUTH. For the first
text: time the men realize all the other cage doors are open, the
text: cages are empty. Both take a step backward.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Reaper...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sir, whatever’s happened to you we
dialog: can get you hel --
text: But man CHARGES, SCREAMING. He’s nearly upon them before
text: they begin FIRING, hundreds of rapidly fired rounds sending
text: the man FLYING backwards into the cages. Then silence.
text: They advance towards him, stunned as the overhead lights
text: flicker again.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR (CARMACK’S LAB) - SARGE
text: Running down the corridor, having heard the gunfire.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: (into headset)
dialog: Destroyer? Portman? Reaper? What
dialog: the hell's your status?
speaker_heading: CcuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELECTRIFIED HOLDING CELL
text: Destroyer, beaten and badly burned, Irish-whips the Baron
text: into the shadows. A beat then...ZAP! Another blast of
dialog: electricity.
text: Both combatants are weakened, but Destroyer clearly more so.
text: He squints, trying to find the Baron in the darkness.
text: ROAR! The Baron rushes from the darkness, knocks him back
text: into the wall. ZAP! Destroyer struggles upright. The Baron
text: wallops him again and flings him into the shadows.
text: Destroyer reels, weakened and helpless. He collapses,
text: managing to avoid hitting the far wall by mere inches. For a
text: split second he catches sight of the Baron leaving the lit
text: portion of the cell, sliding back into night.
text: Now Destroyer is blind, lost in the darkness, and the Baron
text: is somewhere in here with him. A much too long moment of
dialog: silence, then...
text: The CLANK of a chain, and Destroyer is rammed, flying back
text: first into the wall but holding on to the Baron as he does
text: so. And this time, he holds himself there, the electricity
text: coursing through his body and into the Baron’s. Only SPARKS
text: light the scene.
text: The Baron shrieks. It twists and turns with unholy strength,
text: but Destroyer holds steady, his fingers digging into the
text: Baron’s back.
text: A desperate final attempt, the Baron places both hands
text: against the wall, tries to push away from the coursing power.
text: After only a moment, it pulls its hands away. The flesh of
text: its palms BURNT TO THE WALL.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY - SAME TIME
text: Sam’s loaded Carmack’s vid-notes. They watch in silence.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CARMACK (VIDEO)
dialog: -- confine Patient Zero, Curtis
dialog: Stahle, to the Detention Tank for
dialog: careful evaluation after the
text: subject’s cells begin to infuse C-24.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: C-what?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Chromosome 24.
text: Carmack DISSOLVES to a new IMAGE: blurry black and white,
text: poorly framed from a fixed camera mount above. We see a
text: naked arm, part of a male torso, lying prone in the “pit.”
text: The crude video is stamped SUBJECT: STAHLE, CURTIS. 003 hrs.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: What're we looking at?
text: Now it jumps to 004 hrs. The arm, and torso, begin to swell.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He lied.
text: It’s now 005 hrs., and the “subject” seems to be writhing,
text: mostly out of frame. We watch the arm metamorphose, from
text: something human and fleshy to a scaly hardness.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Who lied?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Carmack told us he wouldn’t attempt
dialog: to reconstruct the Olduvian genetic
dialog: mutation, Chromosome 24, in human
dialog: subjects.
text: Sam angrily snaps OFF the video and looks to Hernandez.
text: Finds him WHITE AS A SHEET, staring at something OS. She
text: follows his gaze --
text: They are looking through the observation room window. On the
text: other side of the window is Goat.
dialog: Sort of.
text: He's changing, turning, but still recognizable.
speaker_heading: SAM (cont‘d)
dialog: Oh my God.
dialog: 62.
text: Goat's looking out at them, but his eyes are hollow. He
text: turns away from them, heads back into the room.
text: Then SPINS, sprints back toward the window, and LAUNCHES
text: HIMSELF HEADFIRST AT THE GLASS. His skull collides with the
text: pane in a sickening CRUNCH, splattering the glass with blood.
text: Hernandez and Sam recoil in terror as Goat REELS back, SLAMS
text: his head back into the glass a second time. His eyes wide
text: with horror. He HEADBUTTS the glass AGAIN and AGAIN.
text: The sharp CRACKS of bone against glass become louder and
text: louder. Already well past what would reasonably constitute
text: deceased, Goat finally collapses to the floor. A good
text: quarter of his head left on the glass.
text: A long, dumbstruck BEAT.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: He knew.
dialog: (quietly to Sam)
dialog: He knew he was turning...
text: She stares at him, then realizing, looks to the Imp:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That thing didn’t butcher Willits.
dialog: It is Willits. These things are us.
text: As she races for the nanowall, Hernandez following --
speaker_heading: SAM (cont'd)
dialog: Oh my god. We gotta try to keep it
dialog: alive!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - SAME TIME
text: Charging down the corridor, Sarge HEARS an unholy POUNDING --
text: something moving overhead, fast, in a westerly direction.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Destroyer --?
dialog: Turns into --
scene_heading: INT. ELECTRIFIED HOLDING PEN
text: It’s DARK, but SMOKE WAFTS FROM the pit across the room.
text: Turns on his gun-mounted light, approaches it carefully.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Portman...?
text: Looks down. The blood drains from his face.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - A MOMENT LATER
text: Sweeping the hall, John and the Kid HEAR a CLOMPING,
text: something coming, fast... They chamber rounds, swing around
text: the corner, face -- Sarge: sweaty, breathless.
speaker_heading: SARGE
text: Destroyer, he got into close-quarters
dialog: combat -- musta tore the ass outta
dialog: that sonovobitch but --
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Is he -- dead? Destroyer ..?
text: Sarge swallows, nods, then pointing up:
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: It’s moving ... that way.
text: He points down another corridor. The men break into a run.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (into communicator)
dialog: Portman, what’s your --?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Portman was just about to leave his stall. Pauses to retune
text: his communicator to the proper frequency, hears:
speaker_heading: JOHN (VO)
dialog: -- what’s your position?
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
text: Sweeping the bathroom. Looks clear.
speaker_heading: JOHN (VO)
dialog: Portman? We're tracking something in
dialog: the ceiling, heading your way.
text: The ceiling shakes, dust sprinkles Portman’s razor-cut hair.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: JOHN (VO) (cont'd)
dialog: Portman, get the hell out of there.
text: Portman looks slowly up, terrified.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Oh shit...
speaker_heading: JOHN (VO)
dialog: Portman you gotta get out of there,
dialog: do you copy?
text: A claw smashes through the ceiling above! Portman is plucked
text: off the toilet seat, straight up into midair. SCREAMING, he
text: drops his radio, grabs his knife.
text: Desperately slashes at the claw. Disappears above for a
text: moment, then reappears upside down, being shaken like a rag-
text: doll. His skull smacks one side of the stall then the other.
text: John, Sarge and the Kid race in, firing up into the ceiling
text: above where the Baron must be. Sarge looses a blast from the
text: BFG, there’s a searing FIREBALL -- and half the stalls, the
text: ceiling and all of Portman are a bubbling puddle of molten
text: metal and smoking flesh.
text: The smoke clears, the claw, the toilet and Portman have
text: dematerialized into cosmic dust. After a beat, an unworldly
text: SCREAM and what little is left of the Baron falls heavily
text: from above. Only his head, bits of a shoulder and sections
text: of breastbone are left.
text: A BEAT of awed silence. John cuts a look at Sarge’s weapon.
text: John crosses to what little is left of Portman -- but he’s
text: stuck. As John struggles to unstrap his medical pouch ...
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: What the hell was that?
speaker_heading: SARGE
speaker_heading: BFG.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Big fucking gun.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY
text: Sam is standing as close as she dares to the Walled-In Imp,
text: preparing to insert a feeding tube down its throat. Close
text: by, Hernandez edgily watches, weapon at the ready, when --
text: -- Sarge and The Kid enter, bearing Destroyer’s corpse.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Gannon!
text: Heartbroken, he dashes to his best friend's body, embracing
text: the massive, ruined cadaver in repose, unashamedly sobbing.
text: John follows, Portman’s medical pouch slung on a shoulder.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Portman too.
text: And, wrapped in a tarpaulin, the pieces of the Baron.
speaker_heading: SARGE
text: Doc, what's left of Curtis Stahl.
dialog: You have any idea what the hell is
dialog: going on --?
text: As Sam moves examines the Baron’s remains.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I think Carmack was experimenting
dialog: with the 24th chromosome he found in
dialog: Lucy. Extracted it, reproduced it
dialog: and used Stahl as a guinea pig. It
text: enters the bloodstream, bonds with
text: stealth DNA, then takes over the
dialog: entire cellular structure.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Why are they all turning out so
dialog: different?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It must be that the anomaly isn’t the
dialog: chromosome, it must be something in
dialog: the host.
dialog: (how to put this)
text: It seems to turn the host inside out,
dialog: and...
text: Hernandez looks up from Destroyer’s body.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: ..-humans are monsters inside.
text: Sam is quickly, discreetly (via nasal cavities) taking brain
text: tissue samples from Destroyer’s body.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Carmack must've been infected when we
dialog: found him. The wound on his neck, we
dialog: lost sight of it after the ear thing,
dialog: it’s probably the transmission site.
text: Hernandez reacts. But stays mum, as Sam agrees:
speaker_heading: SAM (cont'd)
dialog: He was already changing. Evolving --
dialog: among other things -- a better tongue
dialog: to pass the chromosome to new hosts.
dialog: Starting with the thing in the sewer
dialog: that attacked Goat -- Dr. Willits...
text: It starts to fall into place:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We found several people in the lab,
dialog: they'd been slaughtered rather than
dialog: infected. Why doesn't it try to
dialog: infect everyone?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I don’t know. Some, like Gannon, are
dialog: killed outright. While others, like
text: Goat, are transformed into -- demons.
speaker_heading: _ SARGE
dialog: “Demons”?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You got a better word?
dialog: Sarge considers for a BEAT, then:
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: If Carmack is carrying this 24th
dialog: Chromosome, then this isn’t over. We
dialog: have to find him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We have. More or less.
text: Gesturing at the walled-in Imp.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: That's Carmack? Bullshit.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Look at its left ear.
text: John examines one side of the imp’s head. Studies its weird
text: mutated ear. Now checks the other side. And reacts to see:
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: It’s gone.
text: Sam turns back to the Baron’s remains.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Now that we have Stahl, a piece of
dialog: him, anyway, I can try to figure out
dialog: if there’s a way to stop the genetic
dialog: mutation, maybe reverse the cond--
speaker_heading: SARGE
text: Carmack's condition is irreversible.
text: Sarge approaches the Imp, as though to inspect it himself.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Not necessarily: If I can reduce cell
dialog: hyperplasia, create anti-oncogenes --
text: Sarge pulls a big pistol, swings it up under the Imp’s chin.
speaker_heading: JOHN SAM
dialog: Sarge? Don't!
scene_heading: ANGLE - OTHER SIDE OF THE WALL
text: Where Carmack’s legs and monstrous spine hang limp. The back
text: of his deformed head protrudes as well. And now it EXPLODES.
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Because Carmack's condition is that
text: he’s dead.
text: Off Sam’s mute horror at Carmack'’s summary execution:
speaker_heading: SARGE (cont'd)
dialog: Now he’s not contagious, now he’s not
dialog: a threat. Are all the personnel up
dialog: here on Olduvai accounted for?
dialog: 68.
text: Hernandez says something. Four syllables, not quite audible.
speaker_heading: SARGE (cont’d)
dialog: What was that, Hernandez?
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Mrs. Willits. Oh, man, she had a
dialog: big cut on her neck, I... thought
dialog: from her baby... I thought she meant
dialog: her baby had a fever.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I sent her back down. I sent her to
text: Grimm/Labs through the Wormhole.
text: Sarge begins to methodically reload his entire arsenal.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Reload, gentlemen. We're going back
dialog: through the Wormhole, pray this shit
dialog: is contained down there...
text: Sarge starts back out, the Kid follows. John lingers with
text: Sam, staring down at what's left of the Imp --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: { Maybe Goat was right.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What about?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: About a world divided between angels
dialog: and devils...
text: John turns, follows Sarge as we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ATRIUM - MOMENTS LATER
text: The team moves quickly across the empty atrium. John helps
text: Sam push a stretcher bearing what’s left of the Baron's body.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: How many did we evac back down to
dialog: Grimm/Labs?
text: The Kid leads as they reach the Wormhole Chamber.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Total? Forty-six --
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: INT. WORMHOLE CHAMBER OLDUVAI - CONTINUOUS
text: Or what's left of it... As the three crunch across a
text: battlefield of crystal shards, spent rounds and bodies:
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Plus the twenty-five or so employees
dialog: on the skeleton crew we left behind.
dialog: Been over three hours, they'll all be
text: infected by now.
text: The Kid slows down, concerned.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Whoa, Sarge, we gotta smoke, like,
dialog: seventy-plus?
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Look at the silver lining: some of
dialog: them we'll just find torn apart.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Lock and load. Bastards might be
text: waiting for us on the other side.
text: Kid follows Sarge toward the “DROPLET” as we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ARK (GRIMM/LABS) - A MOMENT LATER
text: A FLASH of BLUE light as Sarge reemerges, shakes off the
text: effects. Whirls 360-degrees, shouldering his BFG, covering
text: the others as they appear.
text: A quick look around confirms his worst fears: the steel
text: door’s wide open, the two Sentries are gone and the floor is
text: littered with the bodies of slain Scientists and Techies.
text: Echoing over the wall mounted comm system:
speaker_heading: UAC OFFICER'S VOICE
dialog: This is UACM Headquarters attempting
dialog: third and final contact...
text: Sarge moves to the wall comm system as the other team members
text: emerge through the wormhole behind him.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: This is Sgt. Mahonin. Who is this?
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: UAC OFFICER'S VOICE
dialog: This is Commander Underwood. We just
dialog: received a coded communication from
dialog: a member of your team, Dean Portman,
dialog: confirmed UAC Special Forces. Do you
dialog: need assistance?
text: John's appeared through the wormhole, listens as he tries to
text: shake off the effects and watches the others coming through.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Negative, do not enter the Lab
dialog: facility. We're under biological
dialog: contagion lock down procedure. We
dialog: are currently attempting to control
dialog: the threat. UACM forces should be
dialog: stationed above, anyone or anything
dialog: other than my team attempting to exit
dialog: this facility must be terminated.
speaker_heading: UAC OFFICER'S VOICE
dialog: What the hell is going on down there
dialog: Sergeant
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Anything or anyone, sir. Kill it on
text: sight. Over.
text: Sarge turns back, sees everyone staring at him.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: They're not coming to help us?
text: Sam looks squarely at Sarge.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What’s going on down here is still a
dialog: closed biological system. The only
dialog: guarantee it won’t spread above
dialog: ground is to keep out more potential
dialog: hosts. Either we solve it -- my way,
dialog: or Sarge’s -- or we die down here.
dialog: You can’t let anybody else in.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: (nods )
dialog: Let’s go. Nerve center.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: INT. NERVE CENTER
text: We're looking at the wall-mounted Grimm/Labs MAP, a home-
text: planet version of the Olduvai map, with one difference:
speaker_heading: THE KID
text: No blips.
text: Instead there’s only SNOW. As he backs slowly to the door:
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Smart bastards. They jammed it -- so
dialog: we've got no idea how many we're up
dialog: against, or where they are.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: How could they jam it? They're --
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Rocket scientists, remember? And if
dialog: they're smart enough to jam the GSR,
dialog: they’11 damn sure find their way to
dialog: the elevator.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We have to try to figure out the
dialog: epidemiology. Maybe there’s a way to
dialog: reverse the genetic mutation.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Yeah, well, if you find the cure in
text: the next five minutes, send word
text: before the massacre starts.
dialog: (going)
dialog: Reaper, stay with your sister.
text: John hesitates, wants to go with Sarge and the Squad.
speaker_heading: SARGE (cont'd)
dialog: Don’t worry, there’s gonna be plenty
dialog: of killing wherever you are.
dialog: (then, signaling)
dialog: Hernandez? Kid?
text: The Kid falls in eagerly. Hernandez, reluctantly.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: So what’s our strategy? Breach-team
dialog: frontal assault? Ambush box?
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Actually, Kid, I think we’re gonna
dialog: just kick their goddamn asses.
dialog: Off John and Sam, watching them go we --
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: EXT. THE FIELD ABOVE - NIGHT
text: A column of heavily armed UACM commandos stream in, pile off
text: trucks, rush to take positions around the closed metal iris
text: at the top of the elevator shaft. As lock and load we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE NERVE CENTER
text: Sam leans over the remains of the Baron's body, which John
text: has hoisted atop a table.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: But not everyone is infected. They
dialog: didn’t turn Destroyer or that guy
text: Huengs. There are bodies all over
dialog: the place down here they just killed.
text: She separates the lungs, revealing another strange organ.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: His “evolved” tongue. It’s just like
text: Willits’s, in the sewer.
text: She pulls a vial of grey sludge from her pocket, uncorks it.
speaker_heading: SAM (cont'd)
dialog: Brain matter I took from Portman.
text: She holds the vial over the engorged bulb of the Baron’s
text: lower tongue, which now takes up a significant portion of his
text: chest cavity. The tongue churns, spattering John with blood.
dialog: 
text: Now Sam holds up another vial, same sort of sludge. Quietly:
speaker_heading: SAM (cont’‘d)
dialog: I took this sample from Destroyer.
text: She again holds the vial over the node of the Baron’s tongue,
text: and...it does nothing, just lolls.
dialog: 73.
text: Quickly, Sam passes Portman’s brain matter over again. The
text: tongue jerks.
speaker_heading: SAM (cont’d)
dialog: I don’t know if it’s a particular
text: neurotransmitter its picking up on,
dialog: or a specific ganglion, but it
dialog: chooses who to infect.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We know there are genetic markers for
dialog: aggression and hostile behavior...I
dialog: don’t know. Maybe it’s only taking
dialog: the worst of us on purpose.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRIMM LABS SUPPLY ROOM - SAME TIME
text: Evidently a number of Grimm/Labs personnel thought to hole up
dialog: in here -- a smart idea, given the high shelves stocked with
text: foodstuffs. Despite their best efforts, though, they were
text: recently overrun: the room is piled with mutilated corpses.
text: Hernandez scans the room with his rifle mounted light,
text: revolted. Into communicator:
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Sarge, I'm in the supply room. There
text: must be fifteen bodies, all dead.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: (on communicator)
text: Mark the room and head to Zone 2.
text: Hernandez pulls out his fluorescent powder marker, makes a
text: mark. Hears a SOUND! Swings his rifle around to the pile of
text: bodies. What the fuck was that. Silence. Hears it AGAIN!
text: Fires a BURST, into the corpses --
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Jesus Christ, stop shooting!
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Who the hell is in there?
text: Two bloodied arms pop up from the pile of human wreckage.
text: Then a terrified face, the rest of him buried in bodies.
dialog: 74.
text: It’s Pinky, babbling:
speaker_heading: PINKY (MAN)
dialog: They busted in, it was horrible... oh
dialog: my god...I just played dead...
text: Frantically, helplessly, he bursts out:
speaker_heading: PINKY (cont'd)
dialog: Don’t just stand there, you dumb
dialog: sonovobitch! Get me outta here!
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. NERVE CENTER
text: John watches as Sam continues her post mortem.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Internal lung structure’s undergone a
dialog: high degree of specialization, but
dialog: that makes sense. Olduvai was 70%
dialog: water. The C-24 helped them evolve
dialog: to be able to breathe under it.
text: Off a HISSING from behind them John SPINS, aims his gun.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: I found a survivor, he was hiding
text: under a bunch of dead people.
text: The hissing sound is the wheelchair, containing a thoroughly
text: panicked and babbling Pinky.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ (cont'd)
dialog: Bastard was supposed to wait for us
text: by the wormhole.
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: I stayed as long as I could but this
dialog: thing showed up, it killed Captain
dialog: Huengs. I barely made it back
dialog: through alive. And then when I got
dialog: down here, there were dead bodies
dialog: everywhere so I hid --
text: John is staring at Pinky. Sam tries to apologize.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I’m sorry, John, I should have told
dialog: you he was here --
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We already had our reunion.
text: Pinky looks between them nervously:
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: I can’t go back out there! Please
dialog: just let me hide in here!!
text: Sam looks at Pinky, incredulous.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You of all people, asking my brother
dialog: for help --
speaker_heading: PINKY
text: (then piteously, pleads)
dialog: It wasn’t my idea, it was just a job,
dialog: they came to me...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What was just a job?
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: I was nothing, a cog, I was only
dialog: driving the car! I _lost my legs,
dialog: alright?
text: With this, Pinky removes the blanket over his legs to reveal
text: that...THEY DON’T EXIST. His torso is biomechanically
text: grafted to his wheelchair.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What the hell’re you talking about?
text: John moves toward him. Pinky shifts into Reverse.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: "RK job” -- ?
text: Pinky keeps rolling back: John grabs the arms of the chair.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: WHAT JOB?!
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: You didn’t know? You poor bastard,
dialog: what, you thought it was an accident?
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO:
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - NIGHT (10 YEARS AGO)
text: Soaked, freezing, oblivious, John stumbles past Sam, who is a
text: bloody mess, sitting in the middle of the road, face lit by:
text: A burning TRUCK ten feet away. The driver, the dazed young
text: PINKY, sits at the wheel. Stares down while muttering:
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: This is total bullshit, man ... This
dialog: should never have happened ...
text: John's eyes cloud. His face hardens as he HEARS:
speaker_heading: SAM (OS)
dialog: John, where‘s -- where’s Mom and Dad?
text: John SMASHES Pinky’s face right through the cracked window.
text: And keeps pummeling Pinky, drunk on his primitive rage.
text: Again and again, as Sarge arrives in his car, jumps out, runs
text: toward John.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: John, STOP! ‘S’gonna blow --
text: Pinky cuts a pleading look to Sarge, who has to fight John to
text: push him away before pulling Pinky from the flaming wreck.
dialog: Now we see why Pinky’d just sat here, taken John’s punches,
text: put up no resistance: his legs are crushed, mangled, ruined.
text: The truck EXPLODES as Sarge drags Pinky out of range, and we
scene_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. NERVE CENTER - PRESENT
text: John leaps at Pinky, hands around Pinky’s neck, choking him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’1l1 kill you!
text: In self-defense, Pinky bends forward -- and the wheelchair,
text: responding to his neurological commands, lurches powerfully
text: forward, pinning John against the wall.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Stop it! Stop it! Greg...!
dialog: 77.
text: Hernandez and Sam pull John off of Pinky. Pinky chokes and
text: sputters, gasping for breath. John’s still enraged, comes at
text: Pinky again, Hernandez stops him. Sam stares at Pinky,
speaker_heading: SAM (cont'd)
dialog: «. Why...?
dialog: (Pinky's still gasping)
dialog: For what? ...What did they promise
dialog: you? ...Money?
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: «..Not my idea...hired by Mahonin...
text: John stops fighting Hernandez, stares, stunned --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sarge...?
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Mother of god.
text: Hernandez is staring past Pinky toward the door. The ARCH-
text: VILE, a towering multi-armed horror, Shiva on crack, has just
text: squeezed in through the door behind Pinky. Pinky sees
text: Hernandez's horror, blanches --
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: Oh no, is there something behind me?
text: An insect-leg wraps around his neck and yanks Pinky and the
text: wheelchair to which he’s attached, AWAY.
text: Pinky's whipped wildly around the room from wall to ceiling
text: to opposite wall -- SCREAMING all the way. The Team hits the
text: floor. Furniture flies. A table NAILS Hernandez. Then, as
text: though satisfied it’s finally captured something, and
text: something palpably evil at that, the Arch-Vile abruptly
dialog: retreats.
text: John gets his breath back, regains his bearings. Sees Sam,
text: splayed on the floor -- stunned, but uninjured. And:
text: Hernandez, struggling upright -- the two-foot metal leq from
text: the examination table sticking through his shoulder. Dazed:
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Sorry, I let it get away.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah well I’m sorry you have a metal
dialog: bar stuck through your shoulder.
text: Sam crosses to Hernandez, kneels.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hernandez, lie down, let me help you.
text: Hernandez surprises Sam and himself with a kiss on her lips.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Thanks but not right now. Right now
dialog: I’m gonna tear that demon four new
dialog: assholes and fuck every one of them.
speaker_heading: CcuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - A MOMENT LATER
text: Having disposed of Pinky in the interim, The Arch-Vile crawls
text: down a corridor. Pauses at an intersection of hallways.
text: Watched by Sarge and the Kid concealed behind a pipe. Sotto,
text: as the Arch-Vile seems to be deciding which way to go:
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Let’s drive it west toward the
dialog: nanowall, trap it there then --
text: Before he can finish The Kid breaks cover and with a courage
text: bordering on crazy, chases the Arch-Vile west --
speaker_heading: SARGE (cont’d)
dialog: Jesus, Kid...
text: The kid drops to one knee, gets a bead --
speaker_heading: WEAPON ID
text: Ammunition stores exhausted. All
text: Magazines empty.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Shit!
text: Sarge leaps into place beside him, aims. But the Arch-Vile
text: sees him aim, turns and runs --
text: «+. Light through the nanowall.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: What the hell...
text: Sarge glances at the nanowall control panel. At its blinking
text: display: TIMED LEASE EXECUTED: NANOWALL IS OPEN.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: What's happening ..?
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Kid...Retreat.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: What?
text: But off Sarge’s silent, purposeful backward-march, the Kid
text: follows suit, eyes glued to the softened nanowall as he
text: reloads -- and only then does he hear the inexplicable,
text: otherworldly CHATTERING emanating from the other side.
speaker_heading: THE KID (cont'd)
dialog: What IS that...
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Field of fire!
text: The two men pause just long enough to loose a DEAFENING
text: BARRAGE, then turn and run like hell all the way down to:
scene_heading: INT. CIRCULAR ANTEROOM
text: At tunnel’s end. Bolt the reinforced door as they find
text: Hernandez just arriving.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: What the hell is going on?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: I’m too old for this shit.
text: They stand in the center of the room, weapons all aimed at
text: the door. Ready for whatever comes through.
text: Sarge stiffens, as an arm locks around his neck from behind
text: and the serrated blade of a knife presses on his throat.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What was in it for you?
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: A hot meal and a hand-job. What're
dialog: you blathering about now, John-Boy?
text: John tightens his grip.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What did they promise you?! Money?
dialog: A promotion? For helping kill our
dialog: parents and keeping quiet about it?
dialog: 80.
text: Sam steps out of the shadows of the tunnel behind John.
text: Stares at Sarge with unrestrained fury. A loud jarring BANG
text: on the door makes John turn --
text: -- and, in the instant John loses concentration, Sarge does a
text: smooth martial arts move that dislodges him -- flings John
text: down onto the floor. Sarge plants a boot on his protege's
text: chest. He looks down at John. Warns:
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: When we’re out of the deep dark shit.
dialog: We'll hash this out. But not till
dialog: then. You got that, Reaper?
text: John grips Sarge’s boot, moves it off his chest, stands.
text: Turns his attention to the door, as it starts to buckle
text: against the relentless demon assault.
speaker_heading: SARGE (cont'd)
dialog: I have some work to do. Anyone not
dialog: with me, take cover. NOW.
text: Sarge takes a deep breath, steadies his aim, then --
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Oh man...
text: They turn to Hernandez: he stands in the center of the room,
text: staring at his feet. Distraught.
text: With reason. He’s standing on a grate, and two hideous arms
text: have reached up through it, grabbing him by the ankles.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (horror-struck)
dialog: Hernandez...Gregg -- hold still.
text: Hernandez smiles -- unfathomably brave, resigned as a Hindu
text: saint -- as one of his feet is pulled through the grate.
speaker_heading: HERNANDEZ
dialog: Can't.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Take care of Sam, you guys, okay?
text: And the rest of him goes down, as though through a strainer.
text: His rapid descent halted briefly when the table leg lodged in
text: his chest catches on the grate, and the helpless group gets a
text: much-longer-than-necessary look at the dying man. With one
text: final, horrifyingly violent tug, the table leg bends, and
text: Hernandez is gone.
text: Sam jams a fist in her mouth, only half-stifling her SCREAM.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: We're all gonna die here.
text: Sarge hefts the BFG as he turns, determined, to the door.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Then let’s goddamn go.
text: But inexplicably, Sarge stops. Goes silent. Then a GURGLE.
text: Then pink foam bubbling up from Sarge’s throat and cascading
text: down the front of his uniform. Where it matches a spreading
text: stain that rings a razor-sharp object jutting from his belly.
text: And from behind Sarge’s back it lowers...FROM THE CEILING:
text: The SPIDER SKULLETON:, a gigantic, inverted DEMON SKULL with
text: enormous SPIDER-LEGS spouting from it. A Volkswagon-sized
text: spider with an upside-down skull where its body should be.
text: John shields Sam behind him, taking aim.
text: The Kid's face glazes. The killer in him rising once more.
text: Sarge looks down, infinitely surprised to find himself
text: skewered by the Spider Skulleton’s serrated leg.
speaker_heading: SARGE (cont’d)
dialog: But I’m not supposed to die yet.
text: The Spider Skulleton flicks his leg, flinging Sarge aside
text: like a rag doll.
text: John is about to start blasting, but hesitates when he spots
text: the human blur coming at the creature from across the room.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Stephen, no!
text: The Kid slides along his back, both guns blazing. He unloads
text: two full pistols into its underbelly, steaming ENTRAILS
text: spilling out onto him, until...
text: SCHWING! Two of the Skulleton’s legs ROCKET downward, goring
text: the Kid through each shoulder. He howls in agony as the
text: Skulleton lifts him into the air, brings him only inches from
text: its foul face.
text: John tries to line up the kill shot, but can’t. The Kid is
text: too close, dangling helplessly.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: John, what’re you waiting for --?
dialog: 82.
text: Next, the creature’s tongue unspools, wraps around The Kid's
text: neck and pumps Chromosome 24 directly in the carotid artery.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (near tears)
dialog: John...you have to do something.
text: John, torn, looks up to see the Kid, struggling to stay
text: conscious, looking at him. Those sad eyes.
speaker_heading: SAM (cont'd)
dialog: Stephen, hold still ...
text: Though panicked, The Kid processes what’s just happened to
text: him. Suddenly it becomes very clear, what must be done.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (begs John)
dialog: Shoot us both, before I --
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No goddamn way -- gimme a sec --
text: The Kid points his own gun at the roof of his mouth.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No --
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Saving ammo. Two-for-one. I know
dialog: what’s inside me.
text: He FIRES, the bullet blowing open the other side of his skull
text: then BLASTING straight up into the Spider Skulleton,
text: liquefying its brain stem. It’s limp body, along with The
text: Kid's, comes CRASHING to the floor in a broken heap.
text: John and Sam take in the terrible spectacle with tragic awe.
text: Then John ventures, wary, into the Tunnel.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: ..-Sarge..?
text: No answer, unsurprisingly. Off the silence we HEAR, OVER...
speaker_heading: SAM‘S VOICE
dialog: The Olduvians mapped the human genome
dialog: and discovered the basic building
dialog: blocks of life. And then they tried
dialog: to manipulate them --
dialog: Cut TO:
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: INT. SCIENCE LAB
text: They've brought Kid's body back here. Sam stands at the sink
text: scrubbing off demon gore. John reloads his guns from the
text: collected ammo belts of his fallen comrades.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: «..to build a Better Man, or a
dialog: deadlier soldier, either way, it went
dialog: terribly wrong. A few of them must
dialog: have seen the writing on the wall and
text: escaped through the Wormhole.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The “Ark"?
text: Sam shuts off the tap. Turns from the sink, to John.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Maybe we're all descendents of those
dialog: few Olduvaians, the ones who escaped.
dialog: (beat)
text: Adam and Eve, Noah’s Ark.
text: Sam begins searching for medical equipment.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: There would be records of their
dialog: coming, writings, history.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: They wouldn’t have wanted to take
dialog: much with them. They’d learned their
dialog: lessons, this planet was a chance to
dialog: start anew.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Goat called the Bible “man’s first
dialog: stories. Man’s birth stories”.
dialog: Allegories, warnings not to play God,
dialog: to not repeat past mistakes.
text: She continues ransacking cabinets.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Why do they attack some people and
dialog: not others? What are they looking
dialog: for in a host?
dialog: (an then)
dialog: Why Goat and not Gannon? Why Carmack
dialog: and not Destroyer? There’s an
dialog: alternative, Lucy’s the proof.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: SAM (cont'd)
dialog: She carried Chromosome 24 but she
dialog: died protecting her child, not
text: devouring it.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Maybe it has to destroy some people
dialog: because it knows something about what
dialog: will happen if they’re infected.
text: She’s found surgical kits and drapes, spinal kits.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: The ten percent, the unidentified
dialog: stealth DNA, when it was first
dialog: discovered, some scientist's thought
dialog: it might be the genetic blueprint of
dialog: the soul.
text: Swipes a research bench clear with her arm, sending equipment
text: flying. Dumps her gathered supplies onto it.
speaker_heading: SAM (cont‘d)
dialog: John, we can beat this. I’m not
dialog: saying I'm perfect. I’m human, and
dialog: any soul is complex, a mystery --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (realizing)
scene_heading: oe eNO..-NOwee
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We‘re not like the animals Carmack
dialog: tested first. Mice aren’t good or
dialog: evil, just instinctive.
text: John realizes where this is going:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No, Sam --
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I have to try. We have to know.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: If we don’t do anything we die.
text: She hands him a pair of surgical gloves then moves toward the
text: Baron’s remains but he blocks her way.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’m not going to let you inject some
dialog: poisonous goddamn chromosome into
dialog: your body --
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I can observe the processes as they
dialog: occur. Monitor and record it. If I
dialog: don’t survive, send the data outside
dialog: for some else to analyze.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: They’re going to need to study the
dialog: cellular transitions. The demons
dialog: will find us soon, there isn’t time
dialog: to argue.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No!
dialog: (and then)
dialog: It should be me.
text: Stunned, Sam blinks at her brother.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: I'm no saint, I’ve done some things.
dialog: You can't imagine. But it can’t be
dialog: you, you’ve got to be able to observe
dialog: it. You can’t observe it if it’s
dialog: killing you. It has to be me.
text: John unholsters his gun, hands it to the reluctant Sam.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont‘d)
dialog: One through my heart, one through my
dialog: head, if it ... if I’m not --
text: Sam refuses the gun.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I won’t need it.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I know who my brother is.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE ON: THE BARON'S TONGUE
text: HEAVING as a pair of gloved hands grasp it, PULL it from its
text: residence in the Baron’s chest.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE ON: JOHN'S BACK
text: Shrugging the uniform from his shoulders. Exposing battered
dialog: muscularity.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE ON: THE BARON’S TONGUE
text: Being SKEWERED by a horizontal steel bar. It dangles from
text: the bar, dribbling genetic matter.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE ON: A THICK NEEDLE
text: Pushing in between two of the vertebrae of John’s lower back,
text: until its entire length has been swallowed.
dialog: PULL OUT to show that we are in --
scene_heading: INT. THE SCIENCE LAB
text: Where John lies, stomach down, on a stretcher. The spinal
text: tap leads from his lower back to a clear PLASTIC TUBE, which
text: itself coils upward and hangs from The Baron’s TONGUE.
text: Sam pinches the tube, keeping the clear fluid collecting off
text: the tongue from coursing into John’s spine. She’s surrounded
text: him with diagnostic equipment to monitor his progress.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: When this is over? Can we go on that
dialog: vacation we thought we were taking,
dialog: ten years ago?
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: White sandy beach and warm tropical
dialog: breezes -- I promise, Sam...
text: Sam smiles at her brother, maybe for the last time, and then
text: releases the IV valve. John winces as we...
text: ZOOM IN to the IV bag, all the way to the molecular level,
text: where we go CLOSE ON A STRAND OF DNA...C-24. We follow this
text: rogue chromosome as it suddenly flows through the clear tube,
text: the syringe, and into JOHN’S SPINE, where it BONDS to his own
text: DNA...and then the replication begins.
dialog: 87.
text: We commence a whirlwind ride through his body, each
dialog: physiological system changing as we pass it: Taking in C-24:
text: BLASTING through the spinal column, speeding through
text: arteries, the heart, the carotid, the brain stem, through the
text: foramen magnum into the medulla oblongata, the cerebellum,
dialog: the cerebral cortex, the optic nerve, the retina, cones,
dialog: rods, lens, pupil and then it’s black, and we...
speaker_heading: FADE UP ON:
scene_heading: INT. SCIENCE LAB - 15 MINUTES LATER
text: John’s eyes groggily open. He takes a moment to reorient.
text: Sits up on the table, facing that mirror over the sink.
text: He looks the same. Almost. Yes, something’s changed ... As
text: John raises a finger to his forehead -- his smooth forehead.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sam ..? My scar, it’s -- gone.
text: He turns, for her reaction. Bu ‘s no ere.
text: And the Infirmary is a wreck, medical supplies strewn, tables
text: upended, chairs smashed against the wall. Sam was taken from
text: here by force. And she definitely didn’t go without a fight.
text: As he frenziedly digs amid the debris for his weapons, ammo:
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont’d)
dialog: Goddammit, Sam! ...SAM...!
text: He gathers up his guns, where they were flung -- then, armed
text: for the Apocalypse, SLAMS home the clip to his pistol. He
text: turns to face us with burning eyes.
text: We're in a LOW ANGLE. When John takes a step forward ...
text: WE ZOOM IN through the sole of his foot, thus commencing a
text: whirlwind ride within his body: speeding through arteries,
text: weaving between tibia and fibula, blasting through the spinal
dialog: column, more arteries, the heart, the carotid, the brain
text: stem, through the foramen magnum into the medulla oblongata,
dialog: the cerebellum, the cerebral cortex, the optic nerve, the
dialog: retina, cones, rods, lens, pupil and just that FAST we are:
dialog: Living the moment we've been waiting for ... The moment we
text: become JOHN GRIMM. Now we are the FIRST PERSON SHOOTER.
dialog: 88.
text: I weave through the darkened corridors.
text: A SCREECH from a hallway to the left. I SPIN, stand at the
text: ready with my weapon aimed. Something is RUNNING toward me.
text: Only with several feet left between us can I finally see it.
text: A half-turned ZOMBIE.
text: It’s upon me before it even realizes I’m there. I DOUBLE-TAP
text: dead center of its chest and it FLIES BACK, disappearing into
dialog: the dark from whence it came.
text: I proceed, and find it twenty feet down the tunnel, near
text: death. I shoot it in the head as I pass. I don’t slow down.
text: A SOUND from another side corridor. I SPIN, gun trained.
dialog: Nothing. Am I hearing things? Have I gone cr--
text: A hideous HOWL, so close it sounds like it’s inside my head.
text: I crouch, spin. Standing above me, having materialized from
text: the direction I was heading, is an obscene FEMININE DEMON.
text: Its viscous, venomous spittle SPATTERING my visor. I WIPE MY
scene_heading: HAND_ACROSS_MY VISOR.
text: I jam my gun under its chin. BLAM! As I walk past, I hear a
text: SCUTTLING. I SPIN, blast apart its DISEMBODIED TONGUE, which
text: writhes on the floor.
text: GROAN. SPIN AGAIN, blast apart another zombie. Into a room.
text: Shadow in the corner. DUCK BEHIND A PILLAR, blow away
text: another zombie.
text: CHATTERING from the far doorway. Blackness beyond.
text: I reach into my belt, withdraw a flare. I snap it, toss it
text: into the darkness. HISSING of the flare somewhere in the
text: tunnel ahead. Then it lights.
text: For a millisecond the tunnel floods with a RED BURST. I see
text: the flare, ahead. Behind it, a DOZEN ZOMBIES peering from
text: the dark, BABBLING nightmarishly. But only for a millisecond
text: -- then the flare DIES. PITCH BLACK.
text: A zombie SHRIEKS. I fire blind, SPRAYING the entire hallway
text: with an arc of lead. I hear only SCREAMS.
text: When again I see them, by the light of my muzzle flare, there
text: are only several left. But they continue, crawling over the
text: bodies fallen in front of them.
speaker_heading: WEAPON ID
dialog: Low -- ammo -- warning.
dialog: 89.
text: I pivot, drop down, pump the LAST SHOTS into a wall-mounted
text: fire-extinguisher. It blows like a BOMB, resultant shrapnel
text: mowing down all but one of them. Our old friend. THE ARCH-
speaker_heading: VILE.
text: I SPIN INTO A HALLWAY and run. The Arch-Vile is fast...I can
text: hear it catching up. Sprinting. Light plays off the wall,
text: I catch glimpse of my own shadow. Hoisting a new WEAPON.
text: There's a hallway coming up on my right. I speed up. Leap.
dialog: Plant my left foot on the wall -- then spring off, launch
text: myself into the hall, FIRING all the way.
text: The Arch-Vile turns the corner and catches my lead as I fly
text: back. I land on my back, continue FIRING until I’ve mowed
text: off several of the Arch-Vile’s vestigial arms. And then my
text: rifle runs out of ammo.
text: The Arch-Vile looks at itself, at the SMOKING BULLET HOLES in
text: its abdominothorax. It snarls at me. I look to the timed
dialog: mine I dropped during my leap. The one it’s standing right
text: above. I SHIELD MY EYES FROM THE BLAST.
text: I stand, heart racing. Head back down the tunnel with plasma
text: cannons in hand. The dark tunnels are eerily silent. Empty.
text: Fork in the route. About to take one on the right when,
dialog: muffled...
speaker_heading: SAM'S VOICE
dialog: John?!
text: My sister. I SPIN, hustle down the other corridor, toward
text: the voice. The hallway leads to a big room filled with work
text: benches and discarded hardware. On the far side, a doorway.
text: I’m almost to the door, but a sound captures my attention. A
text: CHUNKY, MECHANICAL WHIR. From the corner.
text: I know that sound, it’s so familiar ... I follow and, resting
text: on a bench in the middle of the clutter, there it is.
text: Pinky's wheelchair. Hanging upside-down, over the edge of a
text: workbench. Engine HUMMING, wheels SPINNING. Odd, but of no
text: use to me. I turn to exit. Which is when I hear a SNORT.
text: I turn back -- and watch in horror as two meaty forelegs drop
text: from under the wheelchair. The legs drop to the ground, get
text: a foothold and pull forward. And the rest of the wheelchair
dialog: comes with it.
dialog: 90.
text: Before me now stands a hideous boar-like demon, but closer to
text: the size of a rhino than a pig. And where its hindquarters
text: should be, its leathery flesh is bonded to the wheelchair ...
text: This is PINKY DEMON. And it recognizes me.
text: Before I can react, a plume of steam BLASTS from the chair --
text: and Pinky Demon charges me. Butts me in the gut with a ROAR.
text: I stumble back through machinery that tangles up my arms and
text: slices at my skin. I scramble to my feet, look up to see his
text: lowered head inches from mine. Everything goes BLACK.
text: I come to, moments later, aware of a SMACKING SOUND. Hazy, I
dialog: look down, around my feet. Where is that goddamn thing --?
text: CRUNCH! Right beside my head. I crane my head to see Pinky
dialog: tear away half my deltoid. Pinky is EATING ME.
text: I reach blindly with my right arm, grab a metal pipe. Watch
text: as Pinky devours my torn-away flesh, wait patiently for him
text: to take another mouthful of my shoulder. My heart POUNDS as:
text: Pinky SWALLOWS my muscle, opens his dripping maw -- and I
text: jam the pipe into his mouth and roll away. Pinky HOWLS,
text: tears around the room in a wild attempt to free his jaws.
text: His wheels spin, sending him into a bizarre wheelie. I jump
text: to my feet, search for something to use in self-defense.
text: I decide on the CHAINSAW over there. I yank the chain and it
text: ROARS to life. Pinky’s heard the chainsaw, and ceased his
text: manic destruction of the room. Now he idles front and
text: center, staring me down. I REV the chainsaw.
text: In response, Pinky forces his jaws very wide apart -- then he
text: CHOMPS down, sending the pipe through his upper jaw and right
text: out the top of its snout. He charges.
text: The chainsaw, though ferocious, is unwieldy, hard to handle
text: in close quarters combat. Pinky butts me, knocks me back. I
text: swipe at him, SAW in half the pipe protruding from his face.
text: Pinky ROARS, SNAPS at my legs. I strafe left, tear a massive
text: gash in Pinky’s muscular shoulder. He SCREAMS, leaps at me.
text: His front legs catch me in the chest before I can bring the
text: chainsaw back up, and I crash to the ground.
text: Pinky bounds off, smart enough to stay moving. I get to my
text: feet before he BUTTS me again. My chainsaw skitters away.
text: Pinky TEARS away a portion of my calf. Breathing hard, I
text: grab a sledgehammer and CRACK his skull, send him tumbling.
dialog: 91.
text: I stand and, knowing this is my last chance, make a dash for
text: the still-running chainsaw. I scoop it up with one hand and
text: spin at the same time, just as Pinky hurtles toward me.
text: I swipe at him in mid-air, connect -- and send Pinky
text: plummeting, along with the chainsaw, to the ground.
text: Pinky rights himself, sets his feet, and...can’t move. He
text: looks around, confused. Steam billows from a deep fissure in
dialog: the mechanics of the chair. I’ve severed the neuro-mechanic
text: connection between machine and monster. A pathetic sight.
text: I fetch a plasma cannon from the corner of the room. Return
text: to Pinky's side. I take a moment to look down at this
dialog: creature, to process this as the end of our ten years of
text: pain. Then I END IT.
text: I hurry to the far door, and into a scene of incredible
text: carnage. The elevator’s protective sheath is smashed, clawed
text: and chewed upon. To either side, is a pile of dead demons.
text: Huge MELTED HOLES in the walls, GREEN PLASMA dripping from
text: them and from the bodies below them.
text: Above me, a fluorescent bulb FLICKERS, and we
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: A fluorescent bulb FLICKERS, above, as John squints into the
text: strobing gloom. He can make out a world of destruction and
text: then, slowly, in addition to the MAN, who’s poised at the
text: door to the elevator, he sees a WOMAN, propped in a corner.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sam ..?
text: John crosses to Sam’s side. She’s battered and bruised, her
text: clothes torn and bloodied. She peers up at him, and weakly:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: The demons came -- for us, I led them
dialog: away from you...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Don’t talk -- please, rest --
text: Interrupted by a harsh LAUGH from Sarge. Who's got both
text: elevator keys now, and has just inserted the first one.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: “Rest”? She needs medical attention.
text: As John turns from Sam to Sarge, then back:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Sarge... saved me...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Saved you? Or your key?
text: Sam doesn’t answer -- her eyes close, she slumps down.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: She needs help. We've got to get her
text: up to the surface.
text: John holds out his open palm.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Give me her key.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Didn't you hear? The demons are all
dialog: dead.
text: Another step closer, John can start to make out Sarge’s face.
text: Sees that Sarge’s forehead is swelling, his jaw thickening.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: All but one.
text: He raises his plasma gun, points it at Sarge’s forehead.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: It won't work, John. Killing for
dialog: peace is like fucking for chastity.
text: Sarge turns back to the door, starts to insert Sam’s key.
speaker_heading: SARGE (cont'd)
dialog: I tried to be like a father to you.
text: Gambling on John’s compassion ... Sarge unlocks the door.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You murdered my father. My mother.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: We're all murderers, here right?
dialog: You, me, Goat and Gannon, that’s what
dialog: they pay us for.
dialog: 93.
text: John’s got way too much blood on his uniform to refute this
text: outright. So the two -- devil and angel -- are locked in a
text: stare-down. Sarge’s eyes glow dim RED. John’s have a thin
text: glimmering WHITE RING around the iris. Almost ... a halo?
speaker_heading: SARGE (cont‘d)
dialog: John. Listen to me. Your parents
dialog: were gonna go public.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. MINIVAN (SUBMERGED) - NIGHT (10 YEARS AGO)
text: John struggles against Louis -- wanting more than anything to
text: sacrifice himself, but his diminishing vigor fails him. OVER:
speaker_heading: SARGE'’S VOICE
dialog: violate their security agreements.
text: John inhales the last available breath from the bubble as his
text: father’s limp hands fall away into the darkness below.
speaker_heading: SARGE’S VOICE (cont‘d)
dialog: Endanger Carmack’s research.
text: John grabs: for his father’s hands, struggles against fate to
text: hold them... but comes up only with Louis’s wedding ring.
speaker_heading: SARGE’S VOICE (cont‘d)
dialog: The entire Olduvaian project.
text: A pane SHATTERS. Sarge’s dived down: he thrusts his hands
text: through the open window, grabs a hank of John’s hair, pulls.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK - NIGHT
text: With ebbing strength, Sarge heaves John onto the bank. John
text: looks back, down, into the water. Can just make out the
text: shadows of his parents submerged, trapped in the minivan...
speaker_heading: SARGE'S VOICE
dialog: Your parents stood in the way, not
dialog: just of profit, but of progress.
dialog: They couldn’t be allowed to do that.
text: Though hypothermic and half-drowned, John tries to dive back
text: in. But Sarge hugs him, holds him, tells him (we can’t hear
text: but we read his lips): “It’s too late. They're gone.”
scene_heading: CUT BACK TO:
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR ROOM - PRESENT
text: Sarge has turned from the elevator door to John as he speaks.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: You and Sam weren’t supposed to be in
dialog: the van that night. I almost died,
dialog: saving you both --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That's bullshit!
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: What was I supposed to do? Disobey a
dialog: direct order?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Come on son, let’s go up.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look at your hands.
text: Sarge grimaces as bone fragments tear through knuckles to
text: form a complementary set of new fingers.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: I can’t let you go.
speaker_heading: SARGE
dialog: Then shoot me! Now! Give me the
dialog: dignity of a soldier's death. Do it!
text: John steadies his plasma cannon, murmurs.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Pray For War...
text: And FIRES, just as the fluorescent bulb blinks OFF.
text: When it blinks back on, John takes a step toward the scorched
text: impact area. Then stops. Because ... there’s no body.
text: A SNARL. Reaction time shortened, he spins as something
text: flies from the darkness. Hurls him backward.
text: He lands ten feet away, stands. Sarge stands before him, his
text: hands now completely mutated. Slight tears in his skin
text: across his chest.
dialog: 95.
text: The physical changes are few, so far, but it’s the attitude.
text: This Sarge is meaner. Faster. And when he opens his
dialog: mouth...
text: HE ROARS LIKE A BEAST.
text: John looks to Sarge, then to Sam, who has pulled herself to
text: her feet. Back to Sarge, then...he RUSHES for Sam. Sarge
text: HOWLS, takes off after him.
text: In one motion, John GRABS Sam by the hand, forcibly tucks his
text: pistol into her waistband, and IRISH WHIPS her into the
text: opened elevator. She THUDS against the back wall, loses her
dialog: air.
text: John SMACKS the “up” button on the lift shaft, then YANKS
text: both keys from their slots so that the command cannot be
text: halted. The lift starts rising even before the doors close
text: fully, and John uses this last window to look his sister in
text: the eyes.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: If I’m not the one who comes out at
text: the top...shoot him.
text: Sam nods, then SCREAMS as Sarge HURTLES into John from
text: behind, BELLOWING. He SWATS at John, catching him upside the
text: head and sending him sprawling.
text: In a desperate last attempt, Sarge THRUSTS his hand between
text: the closing doors. The doors grind to a halt, partially
text: smashing Sarge’s arm. He HOWLS, paws at the doors.
text: He manages to get his other hand in between the doors, and
text: with superhuman strength PRIES THE DOORS OPEN. He holds them
text: open just long enough for John to BODY TACKLE him through the
text: doors, which SLAM shut behind them.
text: The two are now sealed in the empty elevator shaft, with the
text: floor of the lift car slowly rising upward above them. Sarge
text: leaps back to his feet and BELLOWS.
text: He punishes John with pile-driver blows. John absorbs them,
text: hurting as any man would -- but bouncing back unlike any man
text: could. He grabs Sarge’s neck, pulls his head back and...
text: CRUNCH! Slams his forehead into Sarge’s face. A sickening
text: sound as Sarge’s frontal bone is smashed inward, thrusting
text: his brow into his forehead. Sarge howls, but John is
text: relentless. He pummels Sarge. John only falters --
dialog: surprised -- when he HEARS:
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: WEAPON ID
text: UAC Special Ops clearance verified.
dialog: Handle Identification: Sarge.
text: John spins away but finding himself staring down the business
text: end of the BFG, throws an elbow at the weapon, jarring it ...
text: A BLAST of PLASMA just misses John's face. He KICKS Sarge in
text: the mouth, bloody teeth bounce off the walls of the lift as --
text: -- John wrenches the BFG from Sarge’s grip. But as he takes
text: aim, Sarge is following the plasma’s trajectory, staring at a
text: basketball-sized HOLE in the steel. Its edges expanding by
text: the second as the BioForce degrades its molecular structure.
text: Thick pipes are clearly visible through the hole. BioForce
text: plasma oozes down their length. Now a small hole opens in
text: one pipe, a single DROP of WATER dribbles out. Rolls quietly
text: into darkness below. Then a TEAR of RENDING METAL, and ...
text: Thousands of gallons pour into the shaft, a massive deluge.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - SAME TIME
text: Sam looks expectantly to the iris door still many stories
text: above. The elevator seems to be moving as slowly as
text: possible. She is distracted, looks down at her feet:
text: TINY DROPS OF WATER are seeping through the floorboards
text: because now the shaft below her is totally full of water.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT
text: John rockets upward, claustrophobic and terrified to be in
dialog: this situation after the horrors that it has afforded him in
dialog: the past.
text: He can make out the bottom of the lift...
text: -- and is yanked downward.
text: He finds himself staring Sarge in the eyes. Sarge holds
text: John's legs in his oversized claws. He now simply looks John
text: in the face, bubbles rising from his putrid lips. The calm
text: on his face makes it all the more unnerving. Small HORNS are
text: bursting through Sarge’s forehead.
dialog: 97.
dialog: Sarge can breathe underwater. And John knows it. Poetic --
text: this is how the nightmare started, and this is how it ends.
text: John swallows a lung-full of water. A moment of anguish as
text: his body fights it. Then all is still.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT - SAME
text: As John’s body sinks, Sarge’s muscular frame BLASTS upward.
text: He can see the surface of the water above; the lift has now
text: elevated past the water level. Like a torpedo he SHOOTS
text: toward up the shaft...
speaker_heading: CcuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR
text: The Iris Door starts to slowly HISS OPEN a hundred feet
text: above. Sam relaxes.
text: THUD. The floor shakes. THUD. Again, and now the bottom of
text: the lift is buckling. Sam hugs the wall, aims the pistol...
text: CRASH! Sarge’s torso TEARS through the bottom of the
text: elevator, catching Sam by surprise. Sarge SCREAMS, whips his
text: one free arm out. It SHATTERS Sam’s knee. She drops the
dialog: pistol.
text: Sarge tries to free his lower body. Sam collects herself,
text: summons every ounce of strength in her being. She circles to
text: Sarge’s trapped left side, and just starts KICKING THE SHIT
text: OUT OF HIS FACE.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You took them all from me! All of
dialog: them! I’11 kill you myself!
text: Sarge screams, then winces as a BEAM OF SUNLIGHT hits his
text: face. He looks up to the iris door, now almost entirely open
text: and much closer. He sees the door, and he sees freedom. And
text: he wants it. Every muscle in his body FLEXES, and the metal
text: trapping him tears. Sam steps back, horrified at this
dialog: display of strength.
text: Sarge begins to rise from the hole in the floor.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: IMAGE:
text: John Grimm, eyes closed, face peaceful. Reuniting with his
text: parents for the first time in ten years. He sinks...and his
text: eyes SPRING OPEN.
text: And we pull back, and realize that we are still in the
dialog: present moment. And then we remember:
text: John has the 24th chromosome too. JOHN CAN BREATHE
text: UNDERWATER.
text: He takes a slow, deep, sustaining breath -- of H20, and
text: LAUNCHES upward.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - SAME TIME
text: Sarge pulls his battered lower body into the elevator.
text: Stands above the barely conscious Sam, bellows. But she’s
text: not impressed. She fought her fight. Her fate is sealed and
text: she accepts it, closes her eyes.
text: Sarge ROARS, pulls back a mighty paw...and his eyes go WIDE.
text: We PAN AROUND him, to view John standing behind him, just
text: emerged from the hole in the floor. A look of determination
text: in his eyes unlike any in human history. He holds a handful
text: of Sarge’s MANE.
text: John allows Sarge a moment to comprehend the sudden reversal
text: of predator/prey relationship...then YANKS BACKWARD, throwing
text: Sarge to his back.
text: Sarge tries several times to get up, but John maintains his
text: grip on the mane, SLAMMING Sarge’s head over and over into
dialog: the steel.
text: He drops a knee into Sarge’s throat, pinning the creature,
text: grabs his pistol from the floor. Sarge tries but cannot free
text: himself, he’s met his match.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: +..It’s over.
text: Neither a warrior’s death, nor an honorable one. But quick.
text: John pulls the trigger and BOOM!
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: INT. WORMHOLE CHAMBER - A MOMENT LATER
text: John stands in front of the suspended TEARDROP, this portal
text: to a strange planet in a solar system across the galaxy...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: This is the way the world ends.
text: He tosses a flash-bang grenade at the “droplet,” which
text: swallows it. We’re swallowed with the grenade, into:
scene_heading: INT. WORMHOLE
dialog: A tunnel made of the very fabric of time/space --
text: It bursts into flame, the traveling FIREBALL expands in heat
text: and velocity, exponentially ... so by the time it reaches...
scene_heading: INT. CENTRAL LABORATORY (OLDUVAI)
text: The fireball has attained the magnitude of a tactical nuclear
text: bomb. The skeletons of Lucy and her child ... are VAPORIZED.
scene_heading: EXT. OLDUVAI LAB - CONTINUOUS
text: The Olduvai Facility is totally consumed by the explosion.
text: The fireball scorches the rugged terrain around the lab.
text: Keep PULLING BACK, as the fireball becomes no more than a hot
text: speck then disappears completely, as we go higher and higher,
text: looking down on dried-up lakes, denuded forests, and then ...
text: Keep PULLING BACK as we recognize continents, shallow oceans.
text: Keep PULLING BACK, till we gaze upon the entire GLOBE from a
text: familiar perch in space. From space, it’s still blue, still
text: beautiful ... HOLD on the planet the Grimms named “Olduvai”.
dialog: We know it -- we knew it -- as EARTH.
scene_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRIMM/LABS WORMHOLE CHAMBER - SAME TIME
text: On our end of the Wormhole as the SHOCKWAVE ricochets -- but
text: not as a fireball. With the portal’s destruction, deep space
text: fills the void. The sparse molecules (insanely cold, between
text: 100 Kelvin and absolute zero) blow through as a gas cloud.
dialog: 100.
text: John has already taken off, running for his life as the cloud
text: follows closely -- instantly freezing everything in its path.
text: The once-perfect crystalline catwalks and walls have already
text: been reduced to a rubble of gore-flecked glass-like shards.
text: John races across a landscape of humans, demons, and those
text: who could've been either but are now so much pulped carrion.
text: In a moment all those bodies petrify into ice, then SHATTER.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - SAME TIME
text: Breathless, John barely makes it back. Sam is curled up,
text: pale and still, almost fetal. John scoops her into his arms
text: as the lift ascends seconds ahead of the freezing cloud.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (into communicator)
dialog: UACM Tactical Six this is Special
dialog: Ops, code is “Q” level one.
dialog: (gently to Sam)
dialog: Hang in there, Sam, we're gonna get
dialog: help. I’m not losing you again...
scene_heading: EXT. GRASSY FIELD - DAWN
text: The elevator breaks the surface, the lift door opens. John
text: steps into a daylight brilliantly illuminated by two suns.
dialog: The two suns tell us that we are on another planet. And have
dialog: been from the start. John, for his part, has focused on:
text: The several dozen SOLDIERS, who keep their distance from the
text: iris door, and John. All aiming their weapons at him.
text: He stands here holding his sister as a pair of UACM COMMANDOS
text: APPROACH. Weapons drawn.
speaker_heading: COMMANDO
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Adam....and this is Eve.
text: +..on the first leg of a journey to Man’s new dawn, as we --
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: 
