scene_heading: "THE ITALIAN JOB"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Donna Powers and Wayne Powers
dialog: Based on the 1969 screenplay by
dialog: Troy Kennedy-Martin
dialog: December 21, 2001
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. THE PORT OF GENOA, ITALY - NIGHT
text: Forklifts RUMBLE. Workers WIPE FRAME. All the bustle and
text: cacophony of a major seaport.
text: We FIND ourselves focusing on ONE LARGE CRATE. With the
text: GRINDING of gears, a crane lifts it off the dock and carries
text: it onto a ship.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - SAME TIME
text: Through night-vision binoculars, CHARLIE CROKER, 28, watches
text: the mysterious crate. Charlie is young to run his own crew
dialog: but he's a born leader.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Lyle?
text: SWISH PAN TO: LYLE, 21, brilliant and punctilious, fingering
text: the keyboard of his strap-on supercharged laptop.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: I've got the orbital data and SV
dialog: clock corrections for each satellite
dialog: that gets the signal. That'll make
dialog: my reading as solid as the Precise
dialog: Positioning Service that only the
dialog: D.O.D. can use. We're talkin' 100
dialog: meter horizontal accuracy, 156 meter
dialog: vertical accuracy, .340 nanoseconds
dialog: time accuracy.
text: SWISH PAN TO: STEVE, 30, bearded. Steve has an arrogant
text: confidence mixed with the hint of a smile.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Why can't he talk like a person?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: ...Because he's not.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: I do need one more thing, Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Someone to turn the goddamn homing
text: device on. No signal, no score.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (to Steve)
dialog: Where're the Italians?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Patience.
scene_heading: INT. HUMVEE (MOVING) - SAME TIME
text: The driver is HANDSOME ROB, 30. Riding shotgun is HALF-EAR,
text: 35, immersed in a book: Albert Einstein Creator &amp; Rebel.
text: Half-Ear is a large black man with a Southern accent and a
dialog: hearing aid.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: What's that shit?
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: A book. It's called reading. You
dialog: should try it some time.
text: Handsome Rob holds up three fingers.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: You wanna read something. Read between
dialog: the lines.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Well here's something even you can
dialog: relate to. Albert got a lotta trim.
dialog: That genius thing is a babe magnet.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Lemme see that book.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL JEWELRY SHOP - SAME TIME
text: The final member of the crew, JOHN BRIDGER, 50s, is a tasteful
dialog: man buying a very tasteful, and very expensive, diamond
text: necklace. The saleswoman wraps it up as he dials a number on
text: his cell phone.
speaker_heading: STELLA (V.O.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: Hi, sweetie.
scene_heading: INT. STELLA'S CONDO - PHILADELPHIA - INTERCUT
text: STELLA BRIDGER, 27, crushingly attractive, has just stepped
text: out of the shower, hair still wet, body wrapped in a towel.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Daddy. How are you?
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: I'm sending you something.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Really? Does it smell nice?
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
text: No. But it's sparkly.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Does it come with a receipt?
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: I'm having it sent to you from the
dialog: store.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (toweling her hair)
dialog: Why not bring it by yourself? We
dialog: could have dinner.
text: He leaves the store and heads for the HOTEL ELEVATOR.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: Be a long trip. I'm in Genoa.
text: She doesn't like the sound of that.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Let me guess. Checking out the
dialog: birthplace of Christopher Columbus.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: Something like that.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: With your parole officer's approval.
text: He steps into the elevator. Rides up.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: I think I've paid my P.O. my last
dialog: visit. I liked the guy, but we never
dialog: really connected.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: What are you into, Dad? Don't break
dialog: my heart. You told me you were
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: After this, I swear to you, I am.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You promised me. Daddy, don't do
dialog: this.
text: The elevator door opens, Bridger steps out and starts down
dialog: the hall.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: Everything's going to be fine. I've
dialog: got to go now. I love you. Bye.
text: He clicks off then uses his card key to step into the --
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: He eyes Charlie, who looks pretty tense.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: Italians?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Don't worry, they'll come through.
dialog: You can trust these guys.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: I trust everyone. It's the devil
dialog: inside them that I don't trust.
dialog: (then, to Charlie)
dialog: Got a sec?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: My office.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: They step inside, Charlie closing the door.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: How you feeling, boss?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Fine. I'm fine, fine.
text: Bridger seems amused by that answer.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: You know what fine, stands for, don't
dialog: you? Fucked-up, Insecure, Neurotic,
dialog: and Emotional.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You've become quite the philosopher
dialog: since you quit drinking.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: You don't like me sober?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, I'm glad. Makes you a better
dialog: thief.
text: Bridger pulls out a fine cigar, still in its wrapper, hands
dialog: it to Charlie.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: For after the haul.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hope I get to fire it up. If Steve's
dialog: Italians are a no-show, it's three
dialog: months prep down the shitter and
dialog: I've dragged you out of retirement
dialog: for nothing.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: This is kinda nice. You being the
dialog: boss with all the worries, me just
text: along for the ride.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Ain't you sweet...
text: From the other side of the door, they HEAR --
speaker_heading: STEVE (O.S.)
dialog: Charlie!
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Charlie takes the binoculars from Steve. He SEES TWO ITALIAN
text: CUSTOMS INSPECTORS climbing onboard the ship.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Your Italians.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Yup. Dixie cups.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Dixie cups?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I toss 'em away if there's a problem
text: down the road.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP - NIGHT
text: In ITALIAN, the Inspectors quiz the NERVOUS CAPTAIN about
text: the mysterious crate.
text: One Inspector takes a crowbar and yanks out several strips
text: of plywood, REVEALING unmarked cardboard boxes inside. The
text: other Inspector pulls out one of the boxes and tears it open.
text: It is filled with tomatoes. He takes a bite out of one.
text: Nods. Everything seems to be order. The Captain looks
text: relieved. The inspector closes the cardboard box but...
text: Watch carefully now, because as he does this, he hits a power
text: button on a small HOMING DEVICE and stuffs it in with the
dialog: tomatoes...
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - SAME TIME
text: On Lyle's computer screen, a pulsating dot appears, BEEPING,
text: sending out precise longitude and latitude.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: For those about to rock, we salute
dialog: you.
text: Charlie dials his cell phone.
scene_heading: INT. HUMVEE (MOVING) - INTERCUT
text: Handsome Rob answers.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Let's get rich.
text: Handsome Rob pulls over. They're at the port. They can see
text: the mysterious crate being lowered into the ship's hold.
text: Half-Ear climbs out, taking a large duffel bag with him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP (DOCKED) - LATER, NIGHT
text: The Captain is doing his final checks before launch. OUR
dialog: CAMERA DROPS to --
scene_heading: BENEATH THE WATER
text: where we FIND Half-Ear, in scuba gear, applying Nitramon
text: explosive primer to the hull of the ship.
scene_heading: INT. HUMVEE (MOVING) - NIGHT
text: Plowing through thick brush that breaks out onto a secluded
text: beach. Handsome Rob is still behind the wheel but now Steve
text: is in the passenger seat. Lyle, in the back, is still on the
text: laptop, legs fidgeting like a drummer on meth. POP goes his
dialog: bubble gum.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Can you chill out back there? You'd
text: make a hummingbird nervous.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERNEATH THE SHIP - NIGHT
text: Half-Ear finishes up. Speaks into the headset inside his
dialog: gear.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: I'm done. Over.
speaker_heading: LYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Copy that. Enjoy the ride, cowboy.
text: Half-Ear grabs onto the bottom rung of a ladder that is bolted
text: to the side of the ship as it launches off the dock and into
dialog: deeper water.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: TWO BRIGHT CIRCLES IN A SEA OF DARKNESS
text: Coming closer... becoming clearer... It's Charlie and John
text: Bridger, in scuba gear, riding torpedo-shaped Dive Propulsion
text: Vehicles (DPVs) that pull them through the deep blue sea at
text: a good 5 m.p.h. Both DPVs drag equipment bags.
text: A Global Satellite Positioning Device is mounted on the
text: handlebar of Charlie's DPV, being fed information via Lyle's
text: laptop. A circle pulsates on the monitor, a beacon to the
text: crate in the ship.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDER THE BOAT - NIGHT
text: Half-Ear still clings to the ladder. It's a wild ride.
text: Through the headset inside his gear, he HEARS:
speaker_heading: LYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Get ready. 3. 2. 1. Drop.
text: Half-Ear lets go of the ladder. The ship's propellers speed
text: by just above his head. WHOOSH.
text: He removes a radio-controlled detonator. Hits the button.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP - ON THE CUT
text: The hull of the boat EXPLODES.
scene_heading: INT. SHIP'S HOLD
text: A very neat hole on the bottom of the boat beneath the crate
text: is opened. Water RUSHES IN and the crate falls right through
text: the cavity, vanishing.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: The huge, heavy crate drops down... down... hits the bottom.
speaker_heading: ON THE SHIP
text: Chaos rules. She's taking on water fast. No way to save her.
text: The captain orders the dinghy lowered into the water.
scene_heading: INT. HUMVEE - NIGHT
text: Parked in the sand at the top of the bay. Steve looks out to
text: the bay through infrared binoculars.
text: The ship is going down. The crew on the dingy head back to
text: the port, which is in the opposite direction of this beach.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BOTTOM OF THE SEA - NIGHT
text: The DPVs are now attached by a tether to an underwater lifting
text: bag that is used to move heavy loads through water.
text: The crate is surrounded by our three diver-bandits.
text: Using crowbars they pull apart the plywood. The cardboard
text: boxes of tomatoes dump out, tomatoes spilling everywhere.
dialog: And now we see what was hidden between the boxes...
text: A large safe.
text: They move like clock-work. Half-Ear aims an underwater light
text: at the dial. Charlie drills a small hole near the dial.
text: John peers inside a horoscope and lines up the three wheels
text: of the combination lock... until the door pops open.
text: As they stare at what's inside, they speak into their
text: headsets, heard by all.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sweet Jesus.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: "That for which all virtue is sold.
dialog: And almost every vice -- gold."
text: And now we see the contents of the safe: 160 glistening GOLD
text: BRICKS. Made in Singapore, they weigh 25 pounds and each one
text: is decorated with the face of an exotic Balinese girl. We're
text: talking thirty million dollars worth of gold.
scene_heading: INT. HUMVEE (PARKED) - NIGHT
text: They holler and high-five and it's just a great moment to be
text: alive. Steve takes another peek through his infrared
dialog: binoculars and sees --
text: The last vestiges of the ship hang above the waterline, then
dialog: disappear.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERWATER - A LITTLE LATER
text: The gold is now stacked and secured on the lifting bag.
text: They attach an underwater parachute to the bag and hook a
text: hose from an air tank into press of a pressure release valves
text: which cause the parachute to INFLATE.
text: Looking like a hot-air balloon underwater, the whole thing
text: floats up about fifteen feet. Half-Ear holds onto its side,
text: going along for the ride.
text: Then Charlie and John Bridger speed off on the DPVs which
text: are tethered to the inflatable bag. As they glide through
dialog: the water towards the secluded beach, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINOUS ROAD - FIRST LIGHT OF DAWN
text: The Humvee climbs into the mountain ranges of the Alps.
scene_heading: INT. HUMVEE (MOVING)
text: The gold is in three crates in the cargo bay.
text: Handsome Rob and Steve are still up front. The others are in
text: the back seats, the divers out of their scuba gear. They are
text: pouring champagne into paper cups; except for Bridger who
text: abstains. He holds up his empty cup.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: My name is John and I'm a very rich
dialog: alcoholic. And I'm going to live my
dialog: life one very rich day at a time.
speaker_heading: THE CREW
dialog: Alright, John!
text: They laugh and pound their fists against the roof of the
text: Humvee. Charlie pulls out the cigar Bridger gave him. As
text: Bridger lights it for him --
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: You planned this one down to a t,
dialog: kid. It's a gift. You saw the big
dialog: picture, made contingencies, covered
dialog: the angles...
text: Hearing this, Steve looks a little jealous.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: Shit, you made thirty million dollars
text: in gold drop out of sight without
dialog: holding a gun. Who else could've
dialog: pulled that off?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You could've. I had big shoes to
dialog: fill.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: Fill the shoes but don't follow the
text: footprints.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What're you talking about? You've
dialog: lived the life.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: My life's been nothing but fake IDs,
dialog: fake business cards and divorce
dialog: papers. This is the only thing that's
dialog: real.
text: Bridger shows him a photograph of Stella that he keeps in
text: his wallet.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Stella's a beautiful girl.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: She's amazing. And I spent half her
dialog: childhood in prison. This is a once
dialog: in a lifetime haul, Charlie. Bring
text: down the curtain after this one.
dialog: Make a new life. Find someone amazing
dialog: and be there for her.
text: As the advice escapes Bridger's mouth --
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINOUS ROAD
text: A Jeep thunders out of a hiding place in the trees and blocks
text: the road. The Humvee brakes to avoid running into it.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Shit.
text: Click. That's the sound of a gun cocking as it's pressed
text: against Handsome Rob's temple.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Anyone acts stupid and his brains go
text: on the windshield.
text: They see the two Italian Inspectors jump out of the Jeep, AK-
text: 47s leveled at the crew. Steve has double-crossed them.
dialog: ON THE CREW: shocked would be a good place to start.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What the hell do you think you're
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Sorry Charlie. But I want the box of
dialog: Cracker Jack all to myself.
text: The Italians pull the crates of gold out of the back of the
dialog: Humvee.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're not thinking this through.
dialog: It's a stupid move.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Think so? Well you're the brilliant
dialog: one. The Master Planner. Isn't that
dialog: so, John?
text: Steve climbs out of the Humvee, gun still on Handsome Rob,
text: the AK-47s aimed at the others.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You bet on the wrong horse.
speaker_heading: JOHN BRIDGER
dialog: We'll hunt you down. You're gonna
dialog: regret this.
scene_heading: EXT. HUMVEE
text: Safely outside, Steve turns his gun on Bridger.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: No regrets, Dixie cup.
text: BOOM. He shoots Bridger in the head. Just like that.
text: The Italians follow suit, AK-47s SCREAMING out bursts of
text: full automatic fire at the crew.
scene_heading: INT. HUMVEE
text: They duck for cover as the vehicle is riddled with gunfire.
text: Glass shatters. Bullets ricochet. They're in the epicenter
dialog: of hell.
text: Handsome Rob jerks the steering wheel and stomps the gas.
text: Driving blind.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINOUS ROAD
text: The Humvee hits the side of the Jeep, grinds alongside it,
text: metal tearing against metal.
text: The Humvee's right side tires precariously hover by the cliff
text: and the raging water below.
text: The gunners keep FIRING. Bullets rip into the Humvee's tires.
scene_heading: EXT. HUMVEE
text: It almost escapes, but it can't make it on shredded rubber.
text: It careens off the road and --
speaker_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: The Humvee plummets through the air and plunges into the
text: raging river.
scene_heading: INT. HUMVEE
text: Water cascades in through the open windows. They're thrown
text: around as the Humvee rides the rapids. WHAM. The passenger
text: door caves in as the Humvee rams into a large rock then is
text: swept further downstream. Through the foam and spray, Charlie
text: looks over to Bridger. He's dead. The torrent ROARS.
text: Only their chests and heads are above water. And that's not
text: all. There's a WATERFALL AHEAD.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFALL
text: The Humvee is palmed in its deadly embrace and hurled over.
text: It cartwheels into the pool below, sending up a huge geyser
dialog: of water.
text: It sinks out of sight.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINOUS ROAD - SAME TIME
text: The crates of gold are now inside the Italians' Jeep. Steve
text: climbs in, leaving the crew for dead.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - SAME TIME
text: The Humvee strikes the surface bottom with an ominous thud.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINOUS ROAD - DAWN
text: The Jeep jerks to a stop. A door opens and the bodies of the
text: two Italians, shot dead, are dumped out into the mud.
text: Steve is alone now. Just him and the millions in gold.
scene_heading: INT. HUMVEE - SAME TIME
text: The water entombs them. Blood from Bridger's fatal gunshot
text: mists the water red.
text: They manage to get the door open. They start to swim out but
text: Charlie won't go without Bridger. He grabs his friend's body
text: and pulls it up with him.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - SUNRISE
text: They drag themselves ashore, Handsome Rob helping Charlie
text: pull Bridger's corpse. Charlie is shocked, tormented, grieved,
text: and angry beyond description. Against the rocky embankment,
text: he holds Bridger. Not wanting to ever let go.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: If you would have told me that I
dialog: would spend the next three years
dialog: searching for Steve Bandell, I would
dialog: have said that was nothing. Cause I
dialog: would have spent a lifetime looking
dialog: for that bastard if I had to.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY
text: SOMEONE'S POV. A top of the line safe. The only light in the
text: office is the beam of a penlight on the dial.
text: GLOVED HANDS spin the dial, feeling for "contact points",
text: areas on the dial where a slight resistance can be felt --
dialog: if you have the touch.
text: NEW ANGLE. A woman holds the penlight in her teeth while
text: trying to crack the safe. It's Stella Bridger, now 30.
speaker_heading: SUPERIMPOSE:
dialog: Three Years Later Philadelphia
text: She manipulates the dial. Click. She grabs the safe's lever
text: and swings the heavy steel door open, her face a mixture of
text: pride and relief. But before we see what's inside -- LIGHTS
speaker_heading: TURN ON.
text: TWO COPS lurk at the doorway.
speaker_heading: FIRST COP
dialog: You always work in the dark?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Buzz of the fluorescents throws me
dialog: off. She's all yours.
text: The cops come closer and only now do we realize that they're
text: on the same team.
speaker_heading: SECOND COP
dialog: Damn. Chris Perley couldn't crack
dialog: it. Neither could Michael Hoyt.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Now you know who to call first.
speaker_heading: FIRST COP
dialog: You're expensive, Stella. Those guys
dialog: cut us a break on subpoena jobs.
dialog: Goodwill, community service...
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Well I do it for the money. I'll
dialog: send you the bill.
speaker_heading: SECOND COP
dialog: Don't you want to see what's inside?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I never look. Bye, guys.
text: And as she walks off, they do look -- at her.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: A car RISES INTO FRAME on a bustling street: a 1960 Mini
text: Cooper S., a worldwide motoring icon. Its shape crouches low
text: to the ground and its tiny 10-inch wheel-at-each-corner gives
dialog: it the legendary Mini look.
dialog: If when you see its headlights and classic grille it doesn't
dialog: bring a smile to your face, then you've got no automobile
dialog: soul.
scene_heading: INT. MINI (CRUISING) - DAY
text: Stella takes on the road like someone who loves to be behind
text: the wheel of a car that claimed victory in the Monte Carlo
text: Rally three times. She passes a minivan, a breeze with the
text: Mini's quick, go-kart-like handling.
text: She searches for a parking space on a street lined with SUVs.
text: Sees a spot, it's not really a space, just a gap between two
dialog: gas guzzlers, there's no way any car could squeeze in.
text: Brake. Shift. Hard turn. She parallel parks the Mini with
text: ease. She's right in front of --
speaker_heading: HER SHOP
text: Antique keys and locks dominate the storefront window with
text: the name of the shop stenciled across the glass: BRIDGER
text: LOCK AND SAFE COMPANY. Stella hops out of the Mini. With a
text: poised walk she heads inside.
scene_heading: INT. SHOP - DAY
text: It is filled with old cast-iron safes she has rebuilt along
text: with some new models. Stella's RECEPTIONIST greets her.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: How long?
speaker_heading: STELLA
text: Four minutes, forty-three seconds.
dialog: High-five.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: You're the man.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: So what's on the line-up?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
text: 2:00. Home safe in Fairmount Park.
dialog: Owner died and the wife never knew
dialog: the combination. And Todd Milliken
dialog: called. He has a prototype combination
dialog: lock he wants you to test out tomorrow
dialog: morning. Says he added two false
text: contact points on the tumbler.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Tell him if I don't have it opened
text: in six minutes flat, breakfast is on
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: And there's a Charlie Croker in your
dialog: office. He said you two know each
dialog: other.
dialog: (an aside)
dialog: And he looks pretty fine for a white
dialog: boy.
text: Without a response, Stella heads over to --
scene_heading: HER OPEN OFFICE DOOR
text: and sees him fiddling with her collection of safe doors that
text: line the shelves.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Charlie Croker.
text: He turns around. Smiles. Charming.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hi, Stella.
text: She steps inside.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Refresh my memory. After you came to
dialog: see me and told me what happened to
dialog: my father, I told you I never wanted
dialog: to see you again, didn't I?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah. You did.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: So I'm a little confused.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I found him.
text: At first it seems that Charlie's words have no effect on
text: her, but then he notices that her hands are trembling.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I can tell you where he is.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I don't want to know.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Are you sure?
text: She doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He's in Los Angeles.
text: She doesn't respond. Doesn't ask him to go on, doesn't ask
text: him not to. So he goes on...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: The gold bricks he stole from us
dialog: were minted in Singapore and decorated
text: with the face of a Balinese girl.
dialog: I've had my tentacles out and got a
dialog: call from a friend of mine and your
dialog: father's, Philly Steak.
text: Stella remembers him.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: When I was little he would play poker
text: at the house and drop quarters under
dialog: the table for me to find.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He got word from an L.A. connection
dialog: named Skinny Pete that a gold dealer
dialog: has been buying bricks with the
dialog: Balinese girl on them, three or four
dialog: at a time.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You ever heard the expression, cut
dialog: to the chase?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I tracked Steve down to an address
dialog: in the Hollywood Hills. He's changed
dialog: his last name to Frezelli. And get
dialog: this: he had a Worthington 1000
text: installed in the house before he
dialog: even moved in. We both know that you
dialog: don't install a Worthington 1000
dialog: unless you have something precious
dialog: to guard.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Precious or not, I don't deal with
dialog: ill-gotten goods.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We boosted that gold from a terrorist
dialog: group that was about to trade it for
dialog: bio-weapons. Now that doesn't exactly
dialog: make us Robin Hood, but maybe in our
dialog: own little way we were doing a good
dialog: deed. Problem is, no one in my crew
dialog: can handle that safe. And I need
dialog: someone I can trust.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: And you think that's me? Haven't you
dialog: heard that I work for the other side?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What I heard is that you have your
dialog: father's touch. And he was the only
dialog: safecracker I knew who could open a
dialog: Worthington 1000.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I'm not a safecracker. I'm a
dialog: professional safe and vault
dialog: technician.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're John Bridger's daughter. And
dialog: this is our chance to set things
dialog: right.
text: That sets her off.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Our chance? Who do you think you are
dialog: coming in here? Stealing the gold
dialog: isn't going to bring my father back
dialog: to life.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, it won't.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Then get out.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET  DAY
text: Charlie comes out of her shop and starts down the sidewalk.
text: Suddenly, Handsome Rob appears out of the crowd and is walking
text: next to him.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: How'd it go with the chick?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'm working on it.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: I don't want her on the crew, Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Gotta have her. Important piece of
dialog: the puzzle.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: There has to be someone else. What
dialog: about Bill Huchins?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Doing ten long at Levinworth.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Red O'Reilly?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Chemo.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Martin Hernandez?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Found Jesus.
text: Handsome Rob stops Charlie.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: I don't want a civilian to screw
dialog: this up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: She has the skill. And the motivation.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Exactly. She's emotional. You know
dialog: what happens when emotion gets into
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It's emotional for all of us at this
dialog: point. Don't kid yourself.
scene_heading: INT. EXPENSIVE RESTAURANT/BAR - NIGHT
text: RICHARD WORTH has his back to the bar. He's a blue blood
text: trial lawyer with an ego that has more horsepower than a
dialog: Ferrari.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: It's all in my patented sideways
dialog: glance. Like this...
text: He gives a sideways glance to Stella; it's their first date.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: I hit each woman on the jury with
dialog: one of these. We make contact. And I
dialog: know exactly what they're doing.
text: Undressing me with their eyes.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I see...
text: What a nightmare. Someone bumps into Stella, a mumbled,
dialog: "Excuse me." Nightmare continues...
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: The case is all but won. That's why
dialog: in jury selection I choose as many
dialog: women as possible. Except lesbians,
dialog: of course. I can tell in sixty seconds
dialog: if they're a lesbian. Want to know
dialog: how I know?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: If they don't undress you with their
dialog: eyes?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Precisely. Like that waitress right
dialog: there. See? She's looking at me right
dialog: below my belt. Definitely not a
dialog: lesbian.
text: A waitress is indeed looking below Richard's belt. But Stella
text: notices that she was only looking because Richard's zipper
text: is all the way down. She smiles.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Your fly.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: I am fly. And I'm da bomb. Just wait
dialog: until later tonight.
text: Suddenly a BUSBOY stumbles and a tray of drinks fall, soaking
text: Richard's suit in red wine.
speaker_heading: BUSBOY
dialog: Oh, man. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: You should be. Moron. What the hell's
dialog: wrong with you?
speaker_heading: BUSBOY
dialog: It was an accident. I'm very sorry.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Where's the manager? Richard Worth
dialog: is not paying to have his suit
dialog: cleaned. Damn.
dialog: (to Stella)
dialog: I'm going to... I don't believe this.
text: He starts off to the bathroom and as soon as the space he
text: was occupying empties, Charlie fills it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I think your date's going pretty
dialog: well, what do you think?
text: She shoots him a look that could reverse global warming.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What do you mean? I come here all
dialog: the time.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I don't think so.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sure. Lawyers, Judges, my kind of
dialog: crowd. See that gentleman there, he
dialog: sentenced me to 90 days in county
dialog: once. We need to talk.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: No, you need to listen. I want you
dialog: to leave. Got it?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, I paid valet parking prices to
dialog: get in here, not to mention a twenty
dialog: spot to the busboy to spill that
text: drink on Mister Zipper.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You -- I don't believe this. You
dialog: paid someone to spill that drink?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Actually, you paid for it.
text: Charlie returns her wallet.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Didn't notice it was me who bumped
dialog: into you earlier, did you? Anyway, I
dialog: was hoping we could get to know each
dialog: other a little better before we leave
dialog: for Los Angeles. I already booked
dialog: your flight.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You truly are a fatuous, odious man.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I have no idea what you just said,
dialog: but I like the sound of it.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Well maybe you'll understand this.
dialog: Hit the road, Jack --
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Charlie --
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Or you'll be sorry, Charlie, cause
dialog: I'll kick you in the nuts so hard
dialog: that your voice will be as high as
dialog: my heels.
dialog: She means it, too.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'm beginning to worry about this
dialog: whole relationship.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I'll let you in on a secret. You
dialog: can't have a relationship with a
dialog: pickpocket, gold robber, or any kind
dialog: of thief.
text: Charlie looks away, lets her have her point. This whole thing
text: is getting pretty heated so when he turns back to her, he
text: uses a whole new approach. His emotions are genuine.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: John wasn't just a man I crewed up
dialog: with, he was my friend, he was the
dialog: closest thing to a father I ever
dialog: had. I wish to God I could bring him
dialog: back. But all I can do is go after
dialog: this guy, the guy that killed him,
text: and hit him where he lives.
text: She feels the honesty in his words but before she can reply,
dialog: they're interrupted by --
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Everything alright, Stella?
text: He's back, red wine splotched on his suit.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Fine. Richard. Charlie. Charlie was
text: just saying goodbye.
text: But for now, Charlie is just staring at Richard, boring into
dialog: to him...
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Can I help you with something?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, sorry. I was just undressing you
dialog: with my eyes.
text: And with that, Charlie goes. Stella can't help but smile.
scene_heading: EXT. STELLA'S CONDO - NIGHT
text: She comes home, having shed her date.
scene_heading: INT. STELLA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: She goes through a drawer and pulls out a package she hasn't
text: looked at for years. She opens it.
text: Inside is the beautiful necklace that her father bought her
text: in Italy. It brings tears to her eyes.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: He lies in bed, can't sleep. His phone rings. He picks up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hello.
scene_heading: INT. STELLA'S BEDROOM - INTERCUT
text: She's on the other end of the line.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I'm in this for one thing, Charlie,
dialog: and one thing only. I want to see
text: the look on his face when his gold
dialog: is gone. He took my father from me,
dialog: I'm taking this; it's the best I can
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - DAY
text: Stella's Mini passes, weaves, tucks in between cars. She
text: drives like a madman.
scene_heading: INT. MINI (SPEEDING)
text: Charlie feels like he's inside a video game.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I see Drive Defensively is your motto.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Don't worry. Jack Daniels never let
dialog: me down.
text: She slaps the dashboard of her car.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: By the way you drive, I'm not
dialog: surprised you named your car after a
text: bottle of whiskey. Left.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Jack Daniels was chief engineer of
dialog: the Mini. And I drive it exactly the
dialog: way it was meant to be driven.
text: She whips down the avenue.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Another left.
text: She hangs a left.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: We're going in circles. Who's tailing
dialog: you this week?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: The possibilities are endless.
scene_heading: EXT. STADIUM PARKING LOT - DAY
text: The Mini parks in the middle of the huge, empty lot that
text: surrounds Veterans Field, home of the Philadelphia Phillies.
scene_heading: INT. MINI
text: She looks around...
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Where are they?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We're a little early. I didn't expect
dialog: us to get here quite that fast.
dialog: There...
text: A Vespa pulls into the lot, headed their way. It's Lyle.
text: Charlie starts the introductions.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That's Lyle. Gearhead. He's who really
dialog: invented Napster...
scene_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DORM ROOM - NORTHEASTERN UNIVERSITY - 1999 - NIGHT
text: Below a Metallica poster, Lyle has fallen asleep on his desk.
text: His roommate, Napster creator SHAWN FANNING, recognizable in
text: his trademark baseball cap, sneaks a peek at Lyle's computer.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: At least that's how Lyle tells it.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. MINI - DAY
text: And now they see a monster pick-up truck bouncing into the
text: lot, MUSIC THUMPING from its Alpine at ear-bleeding levels.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Half-Ear. Explosives. He lost fifty
dialog: percent of his hearing in the fifth
dialog: grade.
scene_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRAMMAR SCHOOL BATHROOM - 1990 - DAY
text: A 10 year old boy stands in front of a toilet in the stall.
text: BOOM! Water geysers out of the bowl and soaks him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
text: One M-80 in the toilet bowl too many.
text: Some kids in the bathroom saw the whole thing.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: That was rad!
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Wha'?
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. MINI - DAY
text: And now a RUMBLING in the distance. Stella looks. Sees a car
text: streaking their way, almost like a mirage in the heat waves
text: coming off the pavement. Closer. Faster. A classic Mustang.
text: Its engine rumbles like a jackhammer. It's had some serious
dialog: custom work done to it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Handsome Rob. Premier wheel man. He
dialog: once drove all the way to L.A. just
dialog: so he could set the record for longest
text: freeway chase.
scene_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. L.A. FREEWAY - 1999 - DAY
text: Handsome Rob's behind the wheel, flicks a cigarette butt out
dialog: his open window --
text: We watch it hit the pavement, ashes spark, and then behind
text: the fallen butt we see that every lane of the 405 is filled
text: with cop cars in pursuit.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
text: Smashed the mark by twelve minutes.
text: We now see Handsome Rob through the lens of a TV news
text: helicopter camera.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: He got a hundred and ten love letters
text: sent to his jail cell from women who
dialog: saw him on TV.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. MINI - DAY
text: As the cars converge in the parking lot...
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: And what about you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I've been a thief since I had baby
dialog: teeth.
scene_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRAMMAR SCHOOL PLAYGROUND - DAY
text: SEVEN YEAR OLD CHARLIE is shoved against a chain link fence
text: by a SIXTH GRADE BULLY.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: Cough it up, Charlie!
text: Charlie hands the bully a dollar bill. The bully puts it in
text: a wallet that is over-stuffed with cash and saunters off,
text: laughing it up with his bully pals. Charlie turns to his 2nd
text: grade classmate who sports a fresh black eye.
speaker_heading: CLASSMATE
dialog: So much for lunch.
scene_heading: SEVEN YEAR OLD CHARLIE
dialog: You need a dollar?
speaker_heading: CLASSMATE
dialog: I thought he took your last one.
scene_heading: SEVEN YEAR OLD CHARLIE
dialog: He did.
text: Charlie holds up the over-stuffed wallet that he pickpocketed
dialog: from the bully.
scene_heading: SEVEN YEAR OLD CHARLIE
dialog: But I got lots more now.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Doors open simultaneously. Everyone out. The crew eyes Stella.
text: Charlie gets right down to business.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: This is Stella. She's working with
dialog: us on this one. IDs?
text: Handsome Rob hands out fake driver's licenses.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: (reading his)
dialog: Melvin Lisp? Could I -- just once --
dialog: have a cool name?
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: (also complaining)
dialog: 220 pounds? Try 180.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Try 'Deal A Meal'.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: I don't even have a cool nickname.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Enough of this sewing-circle shit.
text: Phones.
text: Half-Ear hands out new cell phone to everyone and takes their
dialog: old phones.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Philly Steak says these are clean as
dialog: a whistle. He also got us four dozen
dialog: internal chips with different numbers.
dialog: Change out the chips twice a day.
text: As Charlie hands out airline tickets --
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We travel to L.A. separately.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: You still haven't told us the most
dialog: important thing. What exactly is the
dialog: job, Charlie? And who exactly is
dialog: she?
text: Lyle and Half-Ear have been kept in the dark until now.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: This is Stella Bridger. And we're
dialog: finishing the job that we started in
dialog: Italy.
text: They're a little stunned at first.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Holy shit. It's about time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MONTAGE - LAX - NIGHT
text: The crew deplane from five different airplanes, different
dialog: air carriers.
text: They disperse in separate vehicles. See Charlie at Avis,
text: renting a car.
text: See Handsome Rob renting a U-Haul panel truck.
text: See Stella on a hotel shuttle bus.
text: See Half-Ear on the underground Metro Rail, taking the Red
dialog: Line.
text: See Lyle in a taxi, headed south on Figueroa Street. He
text: notices a YOUNG WOMAN HITCHHIKING. For a moment, their eyes
text: connect. She is a beautiful waif and the feeling sweeps
text: through Lyle: if only... But the taxi passes by.
text: Charlie checks into Shutters, with its Victorian beach house
text: feel and oceanfront view.
text: Stella's at the Peninsula in Beverly Hills with its opulent
dialog: lobby.
text: Handsome Rob's at the Standard, with its kitschy decor and
text: ironic style. He stares at a huge empty aquarium behind the
text: front desk where a performance artist writhes and a DJ spins
text: out rhythmic throbs. Very L.A.
text: Half-Ear's at the new Renaissance Hollywood Hotel adjacent
text: to the dramatic Babylon Gate and the Kodak Theatre.
text: And Lyle's at the Downtown Bonaventure, riding up the glass
dialog: elevator. Perfect gearhead hotel.
scene_heading: EXT. SHUTTERS HOTEL - BALCONY - SUNSET
text: The five of them sit in chairs on the balcony of his hotel
text: room. There's a sweeping view of the Pacific.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We need an in to get a video blueprint
dialog: of the interior. We're not going
dialog: into this place blind. Half-Ear, you
dialog: take the first surveillance shift.
dialog: Who goes in, who goes out, levels of
dialog: security, you know the drill.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: You got it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I also want audio surveillance on
text: his phone.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: I'll hack into the phone company's
dialog: central office remote observance
dialog: monitoring system and fool it into
dialog: thinking there's a legal tap on the
dialog: line. Reroute the digital copies of
dialog: his calls to our own listening post.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How long?
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: I'll burn through the night, have it
text: up and running before morning.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (to Handsome Rob)
dialog: We need to know how long to get from
text: the house to Union Station downtown.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: No problemo.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Stella. How much time will you need
dialog: with the safe?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I'll have it open in five minutes
dialog: flat.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: It's not the same as opening a safe
dialog: for the cops. Your heart will be
dialog: pounding in your ears. Perspiration
dialog: on your fingertips. It's a whole
dialog: different ball game.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You get me to the safe, I'll open
dialog: it.
text: Out over the ocean, the sun is in its death throes, bruising
text: the sky a coiling purple and orange.
scene_heading: EXT. STEVE'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: Nestled at the end of a cul-de-sac on Oporto Drive in the
text: Hollywood Hills. Chrome. Glass. Carved wood.
scene_heading: EXT. MARAVILLA DRIVE - MORNING
text: The U-Haul panel truck is parked on the side of the road
text: that overlooks Oporto Drive and Steve's house.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL - MORNING
dialog: It's been converted into their surveillance vehicle, the
text: back outfitted with monitors and surveillance equipment.
text: Half-Ear peers through binoculars and says his notes into a
text: micro-cassette recorder. His binoculars focus in on the fence
text: that surrounds the perimeter of the property.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: (into recorder)
dialog: We've got an anti-scaling fence.
text: Hardened, electroplated steel. Hacksaw
dialog: won't work. We'll need Nitramon.
text: The binoculars SWISH PAN TO a guard booth where a guard keeps
text: an eye on the gate.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
text: Armed guard. 9MM semi-automatic in
text: the holster. Security booth is
dialog: accessible and ideal for a triple
text: charger chemical grenade.
text: The binoculars SWISH PAN TO four Rottweilers prowling the
dialog: grounds.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Shit. Dogs. Why do black men hate
dialog: dogs? I'll tell you why, Charlie.
dialog: Because dogs are racist. That's a
dialog: natural fact. Someone else deal with
dialog: 'em.
scene_heading: EXT. 101 FREEWAY - DAY
text: A sea of cars, gridlock in L.A. Crammed in the middle of the
text: traffic meltdown is Handsome Rob's rental car.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR (CRAWLING)
dialog: Timing out the getaway route. He's got a Thomas Guide on the
text: passenger seat and a stopwatch ticking away but he's going
text: nowhere fast. He futilely leans on the car horn.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL - DAY
text: Lyle's surveillance shift. He takes digital photos with a
text: telephoto camera. ZOOMS IN on a security pad on the front
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: (into micro cassette
dialog: player)
dialog: Advent Home Navigator Hybrid System.
dialog: Monitors 132 points for intrusion,
dialog: fire, and environmental hazards.
dialog: Best way around it is to get a back
dialog: door password, trip the alarm during
text: the heist, then call it in as a false
dialog: alarm.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STEVE'S HOUSE - OFFICE - DAY
text: A HAND turns the dial to a Worthington 1000 vault. The vault
text: opens and voila: stacks and stacks of gold bricks.
scene_heading: EXT. STEVE'S HOUSE -DAY
text: The same hand clutches a very heavy duffle bag. OUR VIEW
text: BOOMS UP to see Steve, three years older than when we last
text: saw him, his beard shaved away.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL - SAME TIME
text: Through his digital camera lens, Lyle watches Steve walk
text: towards his car: a Ferrari 550 Barchetta Pininfarina. It's
text: the first time he's seen Steve in three years.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: (into micro cassette
dialog: recorder)
text: 15:25. There he is. He's gained 15
dialog: to 20 pounds living off our money.
dialog: And Handsome Rob, you're going to be
dialog: pissed when you see his wheels.
text: Lyle watches the security guard hit a switch in the guard
text: booth. The gate rises like the blade of a guillotine in
text: reverse. The Ferrari zooms away.
scene_heading: EXT. FIGUEROA STREET - DAY
text: Another route. Handsome Rob's rental car is in the left turn
text: lane waiting for the light to change.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR
text: The light finally is a green arrow but the lady in front of
text: Handsome Rob is so preoccupied with applying her make-up
text: that she doesn't go until he honks but by then it's too late
text: as she makes it through the light but he doesn't.
text: He checks his stopwatch. Simmers.
scene_heading: EXT. PENINSULA HOTEL - POOLS SIDE - DAY
text: In a bikini, Stella lies on a lounge chair under a cabana,
text: reading a copy of Vogue magazine.
text: But as we take a closer look, we see that she's really reading
dialog: the owner's manual for the Worthington 1000 safe which she's
text: inserted in the fold of Vogue.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL - DAY
text: Charlie's shift. He sees a Latina housekeeper get into her
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (into micro cassette
dialog: recorder)
text: Housekeeper leaves at 17:30.
scene_heading: EXT. COIN &amp; BULLION STORE - EVENING
text: Steve bangs a fist against the steel security door that covers
text: the closed store. The steel door rises up and a Ukrainian
text: named YEVHEN unlocks another door. He is the gold dealer
dialog: that Philly Steak told Charlie about.
speaker_heading: YEVHEN
dialog: You're right on time.
scene_heading: INT. COIN &amp; BULLION STORE - EVENING
dialog: Yevhen is 50 and like many in the gold trade, there isn't a
text: conspiracy theory that he doesn't embrace. As they make their
text: way to a back room, he keeps his mouth in overdrive --
speaker_heading: YEVHEN
dialog: All those poor bastards out there
dialog: putting their life savings in banks
dialog: and S&amp;Ls and mutual funds. What do
dialog: they think -- that when the collapse
dialog: comes they can depend on the
dialog: government? I don't think so.
text: Steve motions to a security camera that looms down on them.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Is the camera off?
speaker_heading: YEVHEN
dialog: Of course. Just like you said. I
dialog: never tape you, you can see for
dialog: yourself.
text: Steve sees the red light is off. He lays the duffel bag on a
text: table, unzips it, pulls out three 25 pound gold bricks with
text: the face of a Balinese Girl stamped on each one. As Yevhen
dialog: inspects them --
speaker_heading: YEVHEN
dialog: Governments are nothing more than
text: puppets on the strings of the
dialog: Trilateral Commission with their
dialog: twisted gods.
text: Yevhen retrieves a briefcase, opens it, presenting Steve
text: with stacks of Ben Franklins: $100,000 worth. As Steve
dialog: inspects the cash --
speaker_heading: YEVHEN
dialog: I mean, it's so obvious that in a
dialog: world where NAFTA can overturn the
dialog: Supreme Court, not to mention
dialog: Microsoft's nefarious financial
dialog: machinations, this, is our only
dialog: refuge; gold.
text: Steve closes the briefcase.
speaker_heading: YEVHEN
dialog: Plus a little walking around money.
scene_heading: EXT. 7TH STREET - NIGHT
text: A fender bender in the middle of an intersection has traffic
text: backed up for miles.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR
text: Handsome Rob checks the latest time on the stopwatch.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL - NIGHT
text: Through night-vision binoculars Charlie sees a (different)
text: security guard open the gate as Steve returns.
text: He watches Steve go inside his house. Through the windows,
text: he sees him use a remote to turn on a TV.
scene_heading: EXT. 101 FREEWAY - THE NEXT DAY
text: A freeway sign says: UNION STATION 1/2 MILE
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR
text: HANDSOME ROB can see the exit up ahead, but traffic is so
text: backed up and going nowhere that it feels like it's a hundred
text: miles away. And it's not even rush hour. Just life in L.A.
text: Idling on the freeway, he looks at the drivers in the cars
text: beside him. He sees a businesswoman reading the Wall Street
text: Journal. Sees a man with his finger deep, deep up his nose.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Where's a grenade launcher when you
dialog: need one?
scene_heading: EXT. YAMASHIRO RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Our crew walks along the pathways of Japanese gardens that
text: wind along outside the restaurant. It's a breathtaking view
text: from high in the Hollywood Hills. Some tourists take in the
dialog: vista.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Doesn't matter what time it is. It's
dialog: either bad traffic, peak traffic, or
dialog: slit-your-wrists traffic.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: You gotta ride the Metro-Rail, man.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: I'm sure it's ideal for carrying a
dialog: ton of gold, genius.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What's your guesstimate?
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: If we had all green lights, fourteen
dialog: minutes. But in the twenty times
dialog: I've done it, the average is thirty-
text: two minutes, with a top time of fifty
dialog: minutes.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Then we'll travel like Rockefeller.
text: They don't know where Charlie is going with this, but they've
text: been around him long enough to know it's going somewhere.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: When cars first started catching on,
text: workers on tall ladders would use
text: these swiveling colored boards for
dialog: traffic signals. Now whenever
dialog: Rockefeller would take the drive
text: from his mansion to his office on
dialog: Wall Street, the workers would make
dialog: sure that he got green boards all
dialog: the way.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: How do we get all green lights?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Lyle?
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Let me see what I can do.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Did you know that the first traffic
dialog: signal to be patented was invented
dialog: by a black man named Garrett Morgan?
dialog: (to Charlie)
dialog: You're not the only one who watches
dialog: the History Channel.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: We still need an in to get the video
dialog: blueprint.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Carpet cleaners? Gutter cleaners?
dialog: Flower delivery?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We'll never get by the guard unless
dialog: they're certain it's legit. I'm
dialog: thinking cable TV. We cut his cable,
dialog: he calls the cable company. We show
dialog: up. Send a cable technician into the
text: house with a pinhole video camera
dialog: while we get a feed through an RF
dialog: antenna.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Who plays cable technician? Steve
dialog: thinks we're all dead.
text: But Stella knows that's not exactly true. He doesn't think
text: Stella is dead; he doesn't know her at all.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: If you're all dead, I guess I'm the
dialog: man for the job.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Are you up for it?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: In for a penny, in for a pound.
scene_heading: EXT. ADELPHIA CABLE - PARKING LOT - EVENING
text: Service trucks pull into the lot. Technicians are getting
text: out, finishing their shifts.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR (PARKED NEARBY)
text: Handsome Rob behind the wheel. Lyle shotgun, aiming his
text: digital camera at the exiting workers.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: I'm telling you. He claims he named
dialog: it Napster because his hair is so
text: nappy underneath that cap of his.
dialog: But I know the real reason. It's
dialog: because I was NAPPING when he stole
dialog: the idea from me. I should've been
text: on the cover of Wired magazine.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Would you clam up. You'd give a
text: woodpecker a headache.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: I'm the Napster.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Okay. You're the Napster. Heads up:
dialog: cable chick.
text: They see a female service tech getting out of her work truck.
text: Lyle zooms his camera lens in on her Adelphia Cable work
text: shirt. It has BECKY sewn in above her right breast.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Becky. Nice name. I wonder what she
dialog: calls the other one.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: And it's such a mystery why you don't
dialog: have a girlfriend.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: I had a girlfriend. Unfortunately
dialog: even though the relationship ceased
dialog: in an objective reality, it's still
dialog: going on in my mind.
dialog: (tapping his head)
dialog: That woman's lived in here rent-free
dialog: for four years.
text: Lyle takes a few more pictures of Becky.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Okay. All we need now is a work shirt
dialog: like this one and a service truck
dialog: like that one. You think Stella will
dialog: be able to pull it off?
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: I have my doubts, but there's no
text: talking to Charlie.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Maybe he's been inserting his hard
text: drive into her software. Clouds the
dialog: judgment.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: He knows better than to mix business
dialog: with pleasure.
dialog: (getting out of the
dialog: car)
dialog: Only I'm allowed to do that.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: To get a work shirt and a service
dialog: truck.
text: Lyle watches him stroll over to Becky and strike up a
text: conversation in the parking lot. Lyle can't hear what's being
dialog: said, but Becky smiles, and lest we forget, his name is
dialog: Handsome Rob for a reason.
scene_heading: INT. BECKY'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: OUR CAMERA FOLLOWS a trail of clothes, hastily littered,
text: that lead to the cable chick's bed. Lit candles are on the
text: bedside table. The couple is asleep under a tangle of sheets.
text: Handsome Rob has clearly mixed business with pleasure. His
text: eyes flash open.
text: He slips out of bed. Pulls on his pants. Reaches into her
text: pants and removes her key chain.
text: He selects the key to her service truck and does an old trick:
text: he blows out one of the candles and presses the key against
text: the warm wax, making a clear impression of the key's ridges.
text: He returns the key chain. Takes a couple more steps, past
text: her panties, past her bra and.
text: He snags her work shirt. Then he's gone.
scene_heading: INT. HANDSOME ROB'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Using locksmith equipment, he cuts a key that matches the
text: impression on the candle wax.
scene_heading: EXT. ADELPHIA CABLE PARKING LOT - DAWN
text: Stella, wearing Becky's work shirt, arrives before any other
text: workers. Using the key Handsome Rob made, she unlocks the
text: door to the cable truck and gets in.
scene_heading: EXT. NEARBY STREET - MORNING
text: The cable truck pulls over. Charlie and Lyle climb into the
text: back where they can't be seen.
scene_heading: EXT. OPORTO DRIVE -MORNING
text: The cable repair truck pulls over, parking down the street
text: from Steve's house.
text: Charlie gets out. He quickly uses a crowbar to lift up a
text: sidewalk cement grate that says CABLE on it. Inside are cable
text: wires that feed the street. He crouches over and uses pliers
text: to disconnect one of the cables.
scene_heading: INT. STEVE'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: He drifts into the kitchen for a cup of coffee. He hits the
text: remote control for a TV. It turns on but there's nothing but
dialog: snow.
text: He goes into the living room and checks out the plasma TV.
text: The cable's not working in here, either. He hits an intercom
text: button on his telephone.
scene_heading: INT. GUARD HOUSE - INTERCUT
text: A SECURITY GUARD answers the intercom.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: What can I do for you, Mister
dialog: Frezelli?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: The cable's out. See if you can get
dialog: someone over here to fix it'.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: He finds the number and dials.
scene_heading: INT. CABLE TRUCK (PARKED) - MORNING
text: Lyle monitors a digital copy of the security guard's call
text: that's being routed to his laptop. Then he takes off his
text: headphones and tells Charlie and Stella:
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Whoa. I've never heard the Muzak
dialog: version of Purple Haze before.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: When's the appointment?
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Thursday between 9 a.m. and 3 p.m.
text: Charlie dials a number on his cell phone.
scene_heading: INT. GUARD HOUSE - INTERCUT
text: The security guard answers the phone.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes, I'm calling from Adelphia Cable.
dialog: I understand your service is out and
dialog: an appointment was set up for
dialog: Thursday.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well we have a technician working in
dialog: your area who finished with an
dialog: appointment earlier than expected.
dialog: Will someone be there for the next
dialog: hour?
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Sure. That'd be great.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Our technician will see you then.
dialog: Have a nice day.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: You too.
text: Charlie hangs up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Let's check the camera.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Stella, you're going patriotic today.
text: Lyle puts an American flag pin on her work shirt. Then he
text: hits keys on his laptop and an image pops up on his monitor
text: via an RF antenna: the POV of the pin.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He's got cable lines in the kitchen,
text: living room, bedroom and a cable
text: modem on the computer in the office.
dialog: Try to get a 360 look at each room.
dialog: And walk slowly or the image will
dialog: streak.
text: Lyle hands her some papers.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: I printed these up to look like
dialog: paperwork from Adelphia. When you're
dialog: done, ask him to sign and date the
dialog: bottom.
text: Stella looks very tense.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How you doing?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Fine. I'm fine.
text: Charlie seems amused by that answer.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You know what fine, stands for? Fucked-
dialog: up, Insecure --
text: Stella joins in with him...
scene_heading: STELLA &amp; CHARLIE
dialog: Neurotic and Emotional.
text: They look at each other a moment... and smile.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR (MOVING) - DAY
text: While the others deal with the cable, Handsome Rob and Half-
text: Ear drive down Sunset.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Here's our spot.
text: They pull up in front of a strip joint.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Girls girls girls.
text: Half-Ear pulls a switchblade out of his boot and puts it in
text: the glove compartment. Handsome Rob gives him a questioning
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Philly Steak said we'd be frisked.
scene_heading: INT. STRIP CLUB - DAY
text: Outside the doorway of a back room they're frisked by a BURLY
text: MAN. He's very thorough, digging hard into their crotches.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: (scowls)
dialog: Y'got a great job.
speaker_heading: BURLY MAN
dialog: Pays the rent, asshole. You got a
dialog: problem, talk to Skinny Pete.
text: He opens the door to the --
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM
text: Where we meet SKINNY PETE, who is the FATTEST MAN YOU'VE
text: EVER SEEN. He takes up an entire couch in the rear of the
dialog: room.
text: His catcher's-mitt-sized hands motion them to come closer.
speaker_heading: SKINNY PETE
dialog: Philly Steak sent you?
text: His voice is raspy, it's like a climbing-ten-floors-effort
dialog: just for this guy to get out the words.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: SKINNY PETE
dialog: So was I right-on about the gold
dialog: bricks or what?
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: That's really not what I'm here to
dialog: talk about. Philly Steak said you
dialog: could get us some supplies.
dialog: The fattest man you've ever seen attempts a nod, triple-chins
text: colliding like a train wreck.
speaker_heading: SKINNY PETE
dialog: What do you need?
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
text: A four inch can of Nitramon. Nitramon
text: primer. Detonating cord. Two triple
text: charger chemical grenades. Launcher.
speaker_heading: SKINNY PETE
dialog: Nine p.m.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Should we hang here? Check out the
dialog: dancers?
speaker_heading: SKINNY PETE
dialog: Nothing's going down here. I don't
dialog: shit in my own yard, do you?
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
text: No, but I take a whizz off the deck
dialog: sometimes.
text: With his distended belly and bursting shirt, his eyes glazing
text: with repletion, Skinny Pete writes down an address.
speaker_heading: SKINNY PETE
dialog: Five thousand dollars. And don't be
dialog: late.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY GUARD BOOTH -DAY
text: Looking at a monitor, one of Steve's security guards sees
text: the Adelphia repair truck pull up to the gate. He hits a
text: button and the gate rises, beckoning it inside.
scene_heading: INT. CABLE TRUCK (MOVING)
text: Stella heads up the driveway, apprehension painted on her
text: features. Lyle is hidden in the back.
text: She parks next to the Ferrari and finds herself surrounded
text: by the four Rottweilers. They snarl and flash their teeth
text: outside her door until a shrill WHISTLE yanks their attention
dialog: to --
scene_heading: EXT. STEVE'S HOUSE
text: where Steve has just stepped out the front door. The dogs
text: immediately back off.
text: Stella gets out of the truck as Steve walks over, smiling at
dialog: her.
text: She comes face to face with the man who killed her father.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: It's all right. They won't bother
dialog: you now.
text: She's not sure she's going to be able to speak or pull this
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: It's okay. I'm used to running into
dialog: all sorts of dogs on my job.
text: He holds out a hand.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I'm Steve.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Becky.
text: She shakes his hand. She hates this, feeling his skin touch
text: hers, but she can't betray her feelings. He stands there a
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You want to show me the problem?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Yeah. Course. This way.
scene_heading: INT. STEVE'S HOUSE - SAME TIME
text: She enters, moving her body to give the pinhole camera a
text: full sweep of the entryway.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I'd like to check the cable modem
dialog: first.
scene_heading: INT. BACK OF THE CABLE REPAIR TRUCK - SAME TIME
text: Lyle watches Stella and Steve on his laptop via the pinhole
text: camera and hears them talking through his headphones.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - INTERCUT
text: Steve leads Stella down the marbled hall...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I'll show you.
dialog: They step into the --
speaker_heading: OFFICE
text: She turns her body so the mini-lens
text: can stare at the gleaming black
text: Worthington 1000 safe. Then she goes
text: up to his desk and pretends to work
text: on the cable line that feeds into
text: his computer.
text: He stares at her as she bends down...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: The cable guy who hooked this up
dialog: weighed about 300 pounds, didn't
dialog: wear any underwear, and his pants
dialog: slung a little too low if you know
dialog: what I mean.
text: She tries her best to ignore his flirtatious stare and his
dialog: words.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: There we go. Now onto the TVs.
scene_heading: INT. BACK OF THE CABLE TRUCK - DAY
text: Lyle sees a perfect view of the main hallway as Stella walks
dialog: down it.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: He escorts her inside. She works on the cable connection to
text: the plasma TV. Finishes.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Is it fixed?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Turn it on and see.
scene_heading: EXT. OPORTO DRIVE - SAME TIME
text: Back at the spot where Charlie disconnected the cable.
text: Wearing a headset with a mic, he gets the word from Lyle --
speaker_heading: LYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Now.
text: Charlie reconnects the cable just as --
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Steve turns on the TV and the picture is --
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Perfect.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Then it looks like you're all set.
text: Steve stares at her a moment.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Have we met before?
text: She's hoping to get out as quickly as she can.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I don't think so. Sign here, please.
text: She hands him the paperwork and a pen. He signs it.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Date.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You read my mind.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Oh, no. I meant that I need you to
dialog: put the date by your signature. It's
dialog: the 26th.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I know what you meant.
dialog: (he smiles)
dialog: This might seem a little sudden,
dialog: but... would you like to have dinner
dialog: with me?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I don't think that'd be a very good
dialog: idea.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Why? Is there some kind of cable-
dialog: rule against dating customers?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: No, it's my rule. I don't accept
dialog: dates from men I've just met. I've
dialog: only known you five minutes.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Then I guess I'll have to sabotage
dialog: my cable over and over again until
dialog: you get to know me better.
text: He's being charming, and she has to act like he is being
text: charming, but she really wants to throw-up.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Look, I'm just talking about dinner.
dialog: Friday night. It's no big deal. If
dialog: you don't like me, you never have to
dialog: see me again. You know I'm not going
dialog: to stop until you say yes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CABLE TRUCK (MOVING) - DAY
text: Stella drives in heavy traffic down Sunset. Charlie and Lyle
text: are in the back.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I know it was tough in there.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: He touched my hand. And he came-on
dialog: to me. That slimy, disgusting man
dialog: came onto me and I had to pretend
dialog: that I liked it.
text: Stella keeps her eyes forward, on the road, so Charlie and
text: Lyle can't see her face. But Charlie catches her reflection
text: in the rearview mirror and watches a tear glide down her
text: cheek. She wipes it away.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You do know what this means... I've
dialog: created our window of opportunity.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I know. When Steve leaves Friday
dialog: night, we go in. By the time he
dialog: realizes you've stood him up, we'll
dialog: be long gone with the gold.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING PROJECTS - NIGHT
text: A different world. A different vibe. That feeling in the
dialog: gut: you don't belong here.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR (MOVING)
text: Handsome Rob drives, Half-Ear in the passenger seat.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Skinny Pete.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
text: The guy makes Jabba the Hut look
dialog: like a spokesman for the Subway
dialog: Sandwiches' diet.
text: They pull over in front of the apartment building that Pete
dialog: sent them to.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: I'm trying not to.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Half-Ear hits the buzzer for the apartment number on the
text: paper from the fat man. The door to the building buzzes in
text: response and they go inside.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Climbing stairs. From behind closed doors: TVs, crying babies,
text: violent yelling. They start down a hallway. Ahead of them a
text: door opens and a suitcase is put in front of the doorway.
text: The door closes. They don't even get a glance at whomever is
dialog: inside.
text: They go to the suitcase. Half-Ear clicks open the lock for
text: just a peek. He sees the goods.
text: Handsome Rob starts to slide an envelope of cash under the
text: door frame. Its sucked out of his hand by someone on the
text: other side of the door and disappears.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Half-Ear carefully deposits the suitcase into the trunk of
text: the rental car. Handsome Rob closes the trunk.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Drive slow. We crash and we're a
dialog: crater.
text: They get into the car.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR
text: Handsome Rob keys the ignition.
text: The beam of his headlights illuminate TWO HOMEBOYS. TWO MORE
text: step out of the shadows, one right up to the passenger's
text: door window. That one taps a 9 MM against the glass.
text: Half-Ear lowers the window. The homeboy pats one hand against
text: the faux-leather inside of the door, his other hand clutches
dialog: the weapon.
speaker_heading: HOMEBOY
dialog: What'd you put in the trunk?
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Suitcase.
text: The homeboy, bugging on crank, is not one to be fucked with.
speaker_heading: HOMEBOY
dialog: Just gimme the keys before I pop a
dialog: cap in your head.
text: Handsome Rob takes the trunk key off the chain and passes it
text: over to Half-Ear... who nervously drops it onto the carpeted
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: HOMEBOY
dialog: Hurry up!
text: Half-Ear reaches down for the key... but in the flash of an
text: eye... moving so fast it almost doesn't register... we see
text: him yank his switchblade from his boot, unleash its blade,
text: and stab it down into the homeboy's hand. The knife goes
text: through his hand and lodges into the faux-leather interior
text: of the door.
text: The homeboy suffers as Half-Ear whacks the gun out of his
text: other hand -- while Handsome Rob keys the ignition and guns
dialog: it.
text: The other homeboys are already POPPING OFF SHOTS at the car
text: with semi-automatic handguns. Half-Ear hits the deck. Glass
text: shatters.
scene_heading: INT. TRUNK OF THE CAR
text: Bullets slam into the trunk, illuminating the darkness with
text: streaks of light from the bullet holes. They barely miss the
text: suitcase filled with explosives.
scene_heading: EXT. RENTAL CAR (MOVING)
text: The homeboy is still attached to the car door by the knife.
text: His legs scurry to keep up with the moving vehicle but it's
text: going too fast so pretty soon he's being dragged. Bullets
text: whiz by him. He cries out in agony until Half-Ear has the
text: time to yank out the knife and the homeboy rolls away on the
dialog: pavement.
text: The car makes a sharp right at the next block and pulls over.
text: The U-Haul is waiting for them.
text: They get out of the rental car and open its trunk. Half-Ear
text: sees the bullet holes that surround the suitcase. An inch
dialog: closer and they would've been a crater.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Christ.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL - NIGHT
text: They get in with the suitcase. Charlie is behind the wheel,
text: he's been waiting for them. He hits the gas. They take off,
text: leaving the shot-up rental car behind.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Looks like that went without a hitch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: An edited loop of the exterior and interior of Steve's house
text: plays on Lyle's laptop. The crew is huddled around.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Lyle, what's the distance from the
dialog: front door to the vault?
text: Lyle doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Lyle?
text: Handsome Rob leans over to Charlie.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
text: He only answers to The Napster now.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'm not calling you The Napster.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: You call him Half-Ear.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: That wasn't my idea.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: And him, Handsome Rob.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That's only cause he is Handsome
dialog: Rob.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: And I'm The Napster.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How far?
dialog: (sighs, gives in)
dialog: The Napster.
speaker_heading: LYLE
text: Five hundred yards.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So here's the riddle. How do we get
text: over a ton of gold from the vault to
dialog: the getaway car?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: How wide is the hallway?
text: The video that Stella got of the hallway plays on the laptop.
dialog: Lyle calculates:
speaker_heading: LYLE
text: Only six feet.
text: OUR VIEW PUSHES IN FAST on Stella.
scene_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
scene_heading: MINI COOPER (MOVING) - DAY
text: She's driving. Pure concentration. Then:
text: Tires spinning over a marble floor. Then:
text: The sideview mirrors scraping wallpaper. Then:
text: The thin car is like a missile firing RIGHT DOWN STEVE'S
text: HALLWAY, a hair-raising fit.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Her idea brings a smile to her face.
speaker_heading: STELLA
text: Jack Daniels, straight up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Minis?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: We could rumble right up the front
dialog: steps, bring the getaway car right
text: to the vault, and then straight to
dialog: Union Station.
dialog: Handsome Rob likes it.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: We'll need three to hold the gold.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR RENTAL COMPANY - DAY
text: Parked in the lot are shimmering Supercharged Mini Coopers,
text: a new model that still captures the legendary Mini look and
dialog: feel.
text: Half-Ear climbs in one Mini. Lyle into another.
scene_heading: INT. CAR RENTAL COMPANY - SAME TIME
text: In the background, a large window overlooks the lot.
text: Handsome Rob fills out the paperwork on the Mini he's renting
text: while flirting with a petite COUNTER BABE.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: I'd say you're a Maserati 250 S.
dialog: Just 4 cylinders but can go 0 to 60
dialog: in 4.2.
speaker_heading: COUNTER BABE
dialog: As long as it's a convertible -- I
dialog: always like to have my top down.
text: At the same time, in the background, we see Lyle and Half-
text: Ear's Mini pull out of their parking spaces and BACK RIGHT
text: INTO EACH OTHER. Just a little bumper hit.
speaker_heading: COUNTER BABE
dialog: Do you know them?
text: They get out of their cars and start yelling at each other.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Never seen 'em before in my life.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. YEVHEN'S COIN &amp; BULLION STORE - NIGHT
text: Steve bangs a fist against the steel security door that covers
text: the closed store. The steel door rises up and once again
text: Yevhen unlocks another door.
speaker_heading: YEVHEN
dialog: You're early.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: And I'm in a hurry, okay?
scene_heading: INT. YEVHEN'S COINS &amp; BULLION STORE - NIGHT
text: It doesn't seem to matter if Steve's in a hurry or not, Yevhen
text: still runs at the mouth while heading into the back room.
speaker_heading: YEVHEN
dialog: Of course the Florida vote rigging
dialog: was a CIA and Mob operation.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (with total disinterest)
dialog: That a fact?
speaker_heading: YEVHEN
dialog: You want facts? Fact: CIA officials
dialog: were allowed free -- and illegal --
dialog: access to official election material.
text: Steve puts his duffel bag down on the table. It THUDS. Once
text: again, he pulls out three gold bricks that each weigh 25
dialog: pounds.
speaker_heading: YEVHEN
dialog: Now given the sordid history in Miami
dialog: of joint ventures between Central
dialog: Intelligence and the Mob, which led
dialog: to the unsuccessful attempts to kill
dialog: Fidel Castro and the successful
dialog: assassination of your President John
dialog: F. Kennedy, this conjunction raises
text: numerous red flags.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: And I'd love to hear more about it,
dialog: but like I said...
speaker_heading: YEVHEN
dialog: Don't worry, we'll have you out in
text: no time. The cash is on its way.
text: Steve cocks his head, as if he could not have heard right.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: On its way?
speaker_heading: YEVHEN
dialog: My cousin is bringing it over.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Your cousin?
speaker_heading: YEVHEN
dialog: Yes. Cousin Mashkov.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: He's on his way?
speaker_heading: YEVHEN
dialog: Don't worry, he will be here any
dialog: minute.
text: Steve looks up to the security camera.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: The tape's off?
speaker_heading: YEVHEN
dialog: Of course. Believe me, he doesn't
dialog: want to be on video, either.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Yevhen. Didn't I tell you, many times,
dialog: that I never wanted to meet with
dialog: anyone but you?
text: Yevhen sweats a bit.
speaker_heading: YEVHEN
dialog: I know. But it's his cash. He uses
dialog: me to launder money. I'm just a
dialog: middleman.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: And a middleman is supposed to stay
text: in the middle.
speaker_heading: YEVHEN
dialog: But you were early. Please. Don't
dialog: worry. It will be fine. My cousin's
dialog: a cool guy. Like I am.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: What you are, is a Dixie cup.
text: Yevhen smiles quizzically, not sure if he's being complimented
dialog: or insulted.
speaker_heading: YEVHEN
dialog: Dixie cup?
text: Before the words are out of Yevhen's mouth, Steve grabs one
text: of the 25 pound gold bricks and slaps it across Yevhen's
text: face, shattering his jaw.
text: Yevhen's falls to the floor and Steve lifts the brick again
text: and rams it down onto his head with an ugly THUD.
dialog: And again.
dialog: And again.
text: He then takes the gold brick -- slathered in blood -- and
text: places it back in his duffle bag.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. YEVHEN'S COINS &amp; BULLION STORE - TEN MINUTES LATER
text: Yevhen's Ukrainian cousin, MASHKOV, stares down at the corpse.
text: Steve is long gone.
text: Mashkov kneels down by the body and starts sobbing.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Mashkov walks through a living room, past some lighting
text: equipment and a video camera and we get just enough of a
text: look to realize that a porno is being shot here but he
text: couldn't care less as he makes his way into the kitchen where --
text: His boss, DANYA, 60, the owner of this house, is eating a
text: bowl of Frosted Flakes at the kitchen table. They speak in a
dialog: colloquial Ukrainian tongue that we SUBTITLE.
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: My cousin Yevhen was beaten to death.
speaker_heading: DANYA
dialog: By who?
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: That's what I'm going to find out.
text: They stop talking for a moment as one of the "ACTRESSES"
text: comes in, plops herself down next to Danya and pours herself
text: a bowl of cereal. She puts her hand on Danya's leg. She's
text: young and it's a disturbing image and we RECOGNIZE HER: she's
text: the HITCHHIKER who Lyle passed in the taxi ride down Figueroa
dialog: Street when he first arrived in L.A.
text: Danya goes back to speaking SUBTITLED UKRAINIAN.
speaker_heading: DANYA
dialog: And what will you do when you find
dialog: this piece of shit who killed your
dialog: cousin?
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: I'll hack off his limbs and bury him
text: while he's still alive.
speaker_heading: DANYA
dialog: Okay. But now we should stop talking
dialog: Ukrainian, it's rude to my girl.
dialog: (switching to accented
speaker_heading: ENGLISH)
dialog: How are you tonight, Karen?
speaker_heading: KAREN
text: Hungry.
speaker_heading: DANYA
dialog: Then eat your Frosted Flakes.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (like Tony the Tiger)
dialog: They're grrrreat!
text: Danya laughs pleasantly.
speaker_heading: DANYA
dialog: Such a perfect girl.
text: But as she eats her cereal, we see a troubled, sad look on
text: her face.
scene_heading: INT. RENTED WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: The three Minis are parked inside: one red, one white, one
text: blue. Handsome Rob and Stella are doing custom work under
text: the hoods. Lyle is wearing the strap-on laptop and typing
text: away. Half-Ear squeezes silver Haliburton suitcases into the
text: Minis' trunks as Charlie enters --
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How are our matchbox cars?
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Souped.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Don't let their size fool you. These
dialog: were rally cars back in the day. 135
dialog: mph, 155 horsepower --
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Do I get to drive one?
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Because you can't navigate your way
dialog: out of a parking lot. Here's your
dialog: ride.
text: He pulls a blanket off a Vespa. Lyle points at Half-Ear.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: But he ran into me.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
text: He's not driving either.
dialog: (to Stella)
dialog: You ever got a speeding ticket?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Let's put it this way: I can only
dialog: get insurance through companies that
text: advertise on TV at 3:00 in the
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: You drive. I drive. Charlie drives.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I got us spots for three cars on a
dialog: car carrier and five first class
text: seats. Train 59 from Union Station
dialog: to New Orleans.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: That's N'Or'lins, Yankee.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What's the word on Rockefeller?
speaker_heading: LYLE
text: The Traffic Control Center is on the
text: top floor of a building on Olympic
dialog: and Grand. They get their data from
text: pavement loop detectors and video
dialog: image vehicle detectors. That info
dialog: is fused together by specially
dialog: designed algorithms to predict traffic
dialog: conditions and control the traffic
dialog: lights. So all I have to do now is
dialog: change the data by creating my own
dialog: algorithm.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What can I do to help?
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: I need to hard-wire into the
text: mainframes.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAFFIC CONTROL CENTER - NIGHT
text: Housed in a towering building on the corner of Olympic and
text: Grand in the heart of downtown L.A. OUR VIEW RISES UP to the
text: rooftop, where WE FIND Charlie and Lyle.
text: OUR VIEW MOVES IN CLOSER on Charlie, who adroitly picks the
text: lock to an access door and they climb down a short set of
dialog: steps into the
scene_heading: INT. MAINTENANCE ROOM - CONTINUOUS SHOT
text: From an equipment bag, Charlie pulls out a silent power drill
text: and uses it to remove an access panel from the AC vent.
scene_heading: INT. AIR-CONDITIONING VENT - NIGHT
text: Charlie leads, crawling through this tight space, his path
text: illuminated by the thin beam of a penlight.
scene_heading: INT. TRAFFIC CONTROL ROOM - NIGHT
text: A high-tech setting with a half-dozen workers overseeing the
text: large traffic information monitors that display multiple
dialog: images.
text: OUR CAMERA PUSHES IN on the wall of monitors and then
text: BLACKNESS as OUR VIEW CROSSES to the --
scene_heading: OTHER SIDE OF THE WALL
text: Where the 70" tall mainframe computers are housed and running.
text: We see that the AC vent to this room is now open since Charlie
text: and Lyle have already snuck inside.
text: They move fast. Charlie removes the rear panels of the
text: mainframes while Lyle adeptly hard-wires his laptop into the
text: computers. The laptop's screen lights up.
text: Charlie fits two false panels where the rear panels of the
text: mainframes used to be. Lyle pulls an innocent looking filing
text: box out of his equipment bag. He places the box on a nearby
text: shelf where it enjoys line-of-sight to the false panels.
text: He punches a key on his laptop and the false panels and the
text: filing box quietly clicks into action, communicating with
text: his laptop via infrared. His laptop now shows a guiltwork of
text: thumbnail views from the traffic information monitors.
text: Typing commands, Lyle is clearly operating on a higher
dialog: bandwidth than the rest us.
speaker_heading: LYLE
text: B4 X TTratio, where Bi are Fisher's
dialog: linear discriminant function
dialog: coefficients, SpdRat is the speed
dialog: ratio, and TTratio is the travel
dialog: time ratio.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I have no idea what you're doing.
dialog: Just do it fast.
dialog: There.
text: He hits the ENTER button.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: We own this place.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE PANTRY RESTAURANT - DOWNTOWN L.A. - DAY
dialog: Their motto: "Never closed. Never without a customer!" The
text: place has the same decor as it did 75 years ago. It's also a
dialog: spot where everyone minds their own business. One of the OLD
text: TIME WAITERS leads OUR CAMERA to a table in the back where
text: Mashkov sits across from a LAPD HOMICIDE DETECTIVE. He slides
text: over an envelope of cash and a photograph of Karen.
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: $2000. And this is the new girl.
text: Fresh off the bus. One of Danya's
dialog: guys picked her up hitchhiking
dialog: downtown.
text: The detective checks out the photo.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: Those tits'd make Dracula rise from
text: his coffin at high-noon.
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: They're all yours Saturday. You can
dialog: do whatever you want to her. Her
dialog: name is Karen...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: You're too generous.
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: I needed a fast answer.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: And I'm the Shell Answer Man. A guy
dialog: who works the counter at your cousin's
dialog: shop told me that someone named Skinny
dialog: Pete had been asking around about
text: gold bricks with the face of a
dialog: Balinese girl on them. Same gold
dialog: bricks your cousin was buying.
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: You talked to this Skinny Pete?
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: I thought you'd want a shot at him
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RENTED WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: Handsome Rob does some final tune-ups on the Minis.
text: Half-Ear loads a triple charger chemical grenade into a
dialog: launcher.
text: Charlie steps into the U-Haul which is parked in here...
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL
text: Lyle is fixing glitches on his computer program. Stella is
text: doing her nails. Charlie looks at her.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You want the safe cracked, don't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Then I have to have perfect nails.
dialog: Square tips have a more even surface area. Better grip, no
dialog: slipping.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Are you making this shit up?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I just let you in on a valuable trade
dialog: secret.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Steve called to confirm a 7:30
dialog: reservation at Ago's. And as for
dialog: your getaway, not even Rockefeller
dialog: had it so good.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STEVE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: He's getting dressed for his date. We can tell by the way he
text: preens in front of the three sided full length mirror,
text: adorning himself in the most expensive fashion, that he is a
text: vain and arrogant man.
scene_heading: EXT. RENTED WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: The three Minis pull out of the warehouse and head off down
text: the road. The U-Haul follows.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S MINI (MOVING) - NIGHT
text: Leading the pack. He wears a headset and mic.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Radio check.
scene_heading: INT. HANDSOME ROB'S MINI (MOVING) - NIGHT
text: He drives, Half-Ear in the passenger seat.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Got cha, boss.
scene_heading: INT. STELLA'S MINI (MOVING) - NIGHT
text: She follows behind Handsome Rob's Mini.
speaker_heading: STELLA
text: Loud and clear.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL (MOVING) - NIGHT
text: Lyle drives. His Vespa is parked in the cargo bay with his
dialog: equipment.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Check.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STEVE'S DRIVEWAY - NIGHT
text: Looking sharp, Steve gets into his Ferrari.
scene_heading: EXT. OPORTO DRIVE - NIGHT
text: The U-Haul is idling on the side of the street about a mile
text: down from Steve's house. The Vespa is parked behind it.
text: From up ahead, we see the Ferrari cruising down the winding
text: road. As it passes by.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL
text: Lyle speaks into his headset:
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: For those about to rock, we salute
dialog: you.
scene_heading: EXT. OPORTO DRIVE - NIGHT
text: From side streets, the Minis converge on the road and head
text: up towards Steve's house.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S MINI (MOVING) - NIGHT
text: He can feel the adrenaline already starting to course through
dialog: is body.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: This is it, guys. Moment of truth.
text: He takes a sharp curve... and the moment that Steve's house
text: should come into view... he hits the brakes, his expression
text: turning to complete surprise.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: The neighbor across the street from Steve is having the
text: biggest party in town. The road is filled with parked cars
dialog: and arriving guests. Ain't no way they're blowing the gate,
text: launching chemical grenades or in any way robbing Steve's
text: house in the midst of this.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S FACE
text: As he takes this in, there's a KNOCK on the window. He turns.
text: Sees a uniformed VALET. Rolls down the window.
speaker_heading: VALET
dialog: Are you hear for the Baxter party,
dialog: sir?
scene_heading: EXT. OPORTO DRIVE - NIGHT
text: We see the three Minis pull tight U-turns and head back the
dialog: way they came.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S MINI (MOVING) - NIGHT
text: He slaps his hand against the steering wheel, fuming.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Shit. Stella?
scene_heading: INT. STELLA'S MINI (MOVING) - INTERCUT
text: She already knows what he's going to say.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I know. I've got a date tonight.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You'll have to fake it. Laugh at his
dialog: jokes. You need him to ask you out
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AGO RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: A posh restaurant. As OUR CAMERA FINDS Stella and Steve, she
text: is laughing at something he said, faking her way through the
text: date. They're sitting at an intimate table.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You really make laugh.
text: He takes the lie like the compliment she wants him to think
dialog: it is.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: So here's what I have lined up for
dialog: after dinner. We'll go to Club Deep.
dialog: The Ferrari always gets me to the
dialog: front of the line. We'll do a little
dialog: dancing...
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Not tonight. I don't want to be out
dialog: late.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Why the curfew?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Let's just say I've made some wrong
dialog: calls in the past. I like to take
dialog: things slow, cautious. Next time...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I understand. You have nothing to
dialog: worry about. You can trust me.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I trust everyone. It's the devil
dialog: inside them that I don't trust.
text: That saying strikes Steve.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: That's an interesting saying.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: What?
text: He looks at her closely, really closely.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: There's only person I've ever heard
dialog: say that. Used to say it all the
dialog: time.
dialog: This worries her. Because of course, she used to hear it
dialog: from her father.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Who was that?
text: Under the table, he grabs her by the wrist, squeezes it like
text: a vise.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: A man named John Bridger. Where did
dialog: you pick up that phrase?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Ow. I don't remember. You're hurting
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: John Bridger was a thief. And he had
dialog: a daughter. About your age. He told
dialog: me that she took over a safe and
dialog: lock company that he used as a front.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Let go of my wrist. What is wrong
dialog: with you? It's just a saying.
text: Steve's voice is calm, so at ease that watching them you'd
dialog: think this was pleasant dinner conversation.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: No wonder I liked you right away.
dialog: Just like I liked your old man, right
dialog: up until the moment I shot him in
dialog: the head. Now tell me who you're
dialog: working with and tell me the plan.
dialog: Do it now or we'll go for a ride and
dialog: I'll break every bone in your body.
text: Stella intentionally knocks over a glass of wine. It shatters
text: on the floor. An emergency signal...
text: Charlie, Half-Ear, Handsome Rob and Lyle appear around the
dialog: table.
text: Steve is shocked to see the men he left for dead three years
text: ago standing before him, very much alive.
text: They pull up chairs from another table, encircling him for a
text: tense and pointed talk.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Something wrong, Steve? You look
dialog: like you want to call Ghostbusters.
text: Half-Ear furtively slides the switchblade out of his boot.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: She's coming with us. You got a
dialog: problem with that?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Fine by me. But it's you that has
dialog: the problem.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: How do you figure?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You've just blown the one thing you
dialog: had going in your favor, the element
dialog: of surprise. And I was surprised.
dialog: (he laughs unpleasantly)
dialog: Jesus Christ when I saw all you guys
text: come out of the woodwork. For a minute
dialog: I thought maybe you were ghosts. But
dialog: you're screwed now.
dialog: (an arrogant sneer a
dialog: Half-Ear)
dialog: Did you figure out how to take care
dialog: of my security guard? I'll hire five
dialog: more.
dialog: (at Lyle)
dialog: You know how to bypass my alarm
dialog: system? I'll have a new one installed
dialog: tomorrow.
dialog: (at Handsome Rob)
dialog: Does it tear you up inside seeing
dialog: what car I drive? I'll buy a matching
text: one in red.
dialog: (at Stella)
dialog: You think you can crack my safe?
dialog: You'll end up the same way as your
dialog: dad.
dialog: (then to Charlie, all
dialog: smiles)
dialog: Looks like Good Time Charlie's got
dialog: the blues.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You can wear that shit-eating grin
dialog: on your face, but I know under that
dialog: Versace shirt you're in a cold sweat.
dialog: And you're not going to sleep a minute
dialog: tonight. Cause you thought you'd
text: gotten away with it free and clear.
dialog: You thought you'd gotten rid of us.
dialog: You're the one who's screwed. Right
text: to the wall.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Give it your best shot. I'll outsmart
dialog: you every step of the way. And this
dialog: time, I'll bury you myself.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (taking the challenge)
dialog: Get more guards. Change the alarm.
dialog: Buy a dozen Ferraris. We'll still be
dialog: here. Sleep tight.
text: Charlie grabs a bread stick off the table and goes. The others
dialog: follow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STRIP CLUB - BACK ROOM - NIGHT
text: The door bursts open as the burly man we met earlier is
text: dragged inside at gunpoint. Five Ukrainians armed with MAC-
text: 11 machine pistols storm the room where Skinny Pete works.
text: Mashkov walks behind the posse. He carries a duffel bag. He
text: takes in the sight of the fattest man he's ever seen.
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: (in accented English)
dialog: Do you know who I am?
speaker_heading: SKINNY PETE
dialog: You work for Danya.
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: Yes. And you are gonna be straight
dialog: with me and everything's gonna be
dialog: okay. You fuck with me, I will be
dialog: ruthless.
speaker_heading: SKINNY PETE
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: I don't want you to understand. I
dialog: want you to overstand.
speaker_heading: SKINNY PETE
dialog: Overstand... Okay.
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: Because if you don't overstand, I
dialog: will use this.
text: Mashkov nonchalantly opens the duffel bag and pulls out a
text: short-handled ax. Skinny Pete sees dried blood on the blade.
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: Someone was asking about gold bars
text: with a Balinese girl's face on them.
dialog: I want the name of this man.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SHUTTER'S ON THE BEACH - MORNING
text: The sun shines over the ocean and the hotel.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S HOTEL ROOM
text: The crew is gathered. Lyle, monitoring digital surveillance
text: on his laptop, takes off his headphones.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Well we scared him alright. He's
text: flying the coop. His security guard
dialog: called Brink's Armored Car Service
text: to confirm a 5 p.m. pick up at his
text: house, then JetClub to confirm a
text: MD11 cargo plane departing from the
text: Imperial Terminal at LAX at 8 p.m.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Confirmed? How'd we miss the first
dialog: calls?
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: They must have been cellular. The
text: cargo plane is being chartered to
dialog: Mexico City.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Only place with worse smog and traffic
dialog: than L.A.
speaker_heading: STELLA
text: Once the charter's in the air, he
dialog: could change the flight path to
dialog: anywhere. And good-bye gold.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Not so fast. This is good news for
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Good news?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sometimes when you're up to your ass
dialog: in alligators you forget that you
text: started off trying to drain the swamp.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Meaning what the fuck?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We've been trying to get to the gold
text: in the safe. Now the safe is coming
dialog: to us. We'll boost it in transit.
dialog: He might as well have said they'll steal the Holy Grail before
dialog: sunrise.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Charlie. He could take a dozen
dialog: different routes to the airport and
dialog: we have no idea which one. We can't
text: take out an armored truck during
dialog: rush hour.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We're already set to do it. Napster:
dialog: how would you like to create the
dialog: biggest traffic jam in the history
dialog: of Los Angeles?
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Keep talking.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You gridlock every route except the
dialog: one we choose. Force the truck to go
dialog: exactly where we want it to go.
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: But where do we want it? We can't
text: shoot it out with armed guards in a
dialog: Brink's. We'd lose. And even if we
dialog: pulled it off, the cops would be all
text: over us, chasing us all the way to
dialog: Union Station. We're outmanned and
text: outgunned.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: But not outsmarted.
text: Charlie hums with focused energy. There's a term for it in
text: horse racing. When a thoroughbred is at peak condition, and
text: twitching with eagerness to run, he is "on the muscle." That
text: describes Charlie right now.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We'll do it like the Italian job.
dialog: We'll make thirty million in gold
text: drop out of sight.
text: They're interrupted by Charlie's cell phone RINGING. This
text: throws them all off.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Who else has this number?
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: No one but us.
text: It's still RINGING. Charlie decides to answer it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - PHILADELPHIA - INTERCUT
text: Meet PHILLY STEAK. Or at least meet the back of his neck.
text: Because that's where he has a tatoo that says PHILLY STEAK.
scene_heading: PHILLY STEAK
dialog: Why'd you do it?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (informing the crew)
dialog: Philly Steak.
dialog: (then into phone)
dialog: Do what?
text: OUR CAMERA TRACKS AROUND to Philly Steak's face which is
text: weathered and as leathery as a football. An old school crook.
scene_heading: PHILLY STEAK
dialog: Yevhen. The Ukrainian gold, dealer.
dialog: You didn't, have to clip him, for
dialog: Christ's sakes.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Clip him?
scene_heading: PHILLY STEAK
dialog: Listen to me. You've gotta get out
dialog: of L.A. Now.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What're you talking about? We didn't
dialog: clip anybody.
scene_heading: PHILLY STEAK
dialog: Well Skinny Pete just called me.
dialog: Yevhen's cousin is under the distinct
dialog: impression that you did.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Why does he think that?
scene_heading: PHILLY STEAK
dialog: Because you wanted, to know about
dialog: the gold with the Balinese Girl.
dialog: Plus I guess Pete was under duress.
dialog: This Ukrainian thinks he's Paul
dialog: Fucking Bunyan.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Do you know how to get in touch with
dialog: him?
scene_heading: PHILLY STEAK
dialog: Yeah but...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Maybe there's a way we can play this
dialog: to our advantage.
scene_heading: PHILLY STEAK
dialog: Are you out of your mind? Listen to
dialog: me, Charlie. Get out of L.A. Now.
dialog: Cause if there's one thing I know,
dialog: it's that you never mess with Mother
dialog: Nature, mother-in-laws, or mother-
dialog: fucking Ukrainians.
scene_heading: INT. SAFE HOUSE - MORNING
dialog: Speaking of -- Five Ukrainians lock 'n load their MAC-11
text: machine pistols plus an M4 carbine with a 40mm grenade
text: launcher mounted beneath the barrel. Mashkov enters the room
text: and tells the others in SUBTITLED UKRAINIAN.
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: He's going to be on Train 59 for New
dialog: Orleans.
speaker_heading: UKRAINIAN
dialog: You sure your source is good?
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: I'm sure.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DANYA'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: The home where the porno was made. Karen, wearing a backpack
text: stuffed with her only belongings, creeps into the kitchen
text: with two 3/4" videotapes in hand.
text: She sets them down on the counter. They say MASTER TAPE on
text: the labels. She opens the microwave oven. Puts the tapes
text: inside. Sets the timer for 60 minutes at the highest level
text: and presses the start button.
text: As the videotapes start to cook, we watch Karen flee out the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD AT HIGHLAND - DAY
text: The U-Haul is parked on the side of the noisy, congested
text: boulevard. A large metal sheet is now mounted on the side of
text: the panel truck.
text: HIGH ANGLE. Parked behind the U-Haul are two of the Minis
text: and Lyle's Vespa. We see traffic flowing through the busy
text: intersection next to the vehicles. Then WE BOOM DOWN, really
text: fast, right into the black pavement and --
text: THROUGH THE DARKNESS and out the other side, so we are now
dialog: underground in the middle of the --
scene_heading: METRO RAIL TUNNEL
text: where Half-Ear is at work, mounting Nitramon primer to the
text: tunnel walls, Charlie assisting. They both wear orange
text: jumpsuits, plus headsets and mics.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Did you know Einstein's 7th grade
dialog: teacher told him he was a moron who'd
dialog: never amount to anything? Same as
dialog: mine.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Still hope for that Nobel Prize.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Not me, man. But I did get my college
dialog: diploma.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No shit. I thought you dropped out
dialog: of high school.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Got my GED after Italy then just
dialog: kept going.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How'd you manage that, all the jobs
dialog: we've been pulling?
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Quit going to strip clubs. Went to
dialog: night school instead. City college
dialog: is all.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Good for you. That's a real feather
dialog: in your cap.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: I didn't want to say anything to the
dialog: guys.
text: There's a RUMBLING SOUND in the distance.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Secret's safe with me.
text: The RUMBLING grows unbearable as a Metro roars closer,
text: headlights gobbling up the dark tunnel. They press themselves
text: into a crevice in the wall.
text: With a ROAR and a gust of wind, the Metro howls by. It makes
text: their jaws clatter.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL (PARKED) - DAY
text: Stella's in the cargo area with Lyle who's working his laptop.
text: It's monitor displays a string of computer code. He HEARS
text: over his headset:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Napster. How goes it up there? Over.
speaker_heading: LYLE
text: Working on the Metro Rail system.
dialog: Almost ready.
scene_heading: EXT. MARAVILLA DRIVE - SAME TIME
text: Handsome Rob's Mini is parked on the side of the winding
text: road. Using binoculars, he looks down onto Oporto Drive at
text: Steve's house. Into his headset:
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
text: Everything's quiet here. Over.
scene_heading: INT. METRO RAIL TUNNEL - DAY
text: The Nitramon is applied. Half-Ear closes his eyes. Charlie
text: observes him a moment.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Ah huh. Just need a moment's
dialog: meditation.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: I'm about to insert a wire into a
dialog: detonator tube and if the wire touches
dialog: the sides of tube, we'll be blown to
dialog: Kingdom Come. Best to be at one with
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Take all the time you need.
text: Another moment, then Half-Ear sets to work. Charlie holds a
text: mini-flashlight, illuminating the intricate detonator. Very
text: carefully, he inserts a wire into a tube. Remember, the wire
dialog: must not touch the sides.
text: The wire is half-way in when a LARGE SPIDER drops onto his
text: hand. Frozen, he ponders this.
text: Charlie sees the spider, doesn't know what to do.
text: Half-Ear studies the spider... then he closes his eyes just
text: a moment... relaxes... breathes in, breathes out... and then --
text: He leans forward, opens his mouth and clamps his lips over
text: the spider, comes back up. Finishes inserting the wire.
text: Job done, he calmly opens his mouth. The spider puts a hairy
text: leg out and delicately explores his cheek. Half-Ear plucks
text: it off just as delicately, depositing the spider on the wall.
text: Charlie just shakes his head in disbelief.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: My work here is done.
scene_heading: EXT. OPORTO DRIVE -DAY
text: A Brink's truck climbs the road towards Steve's house, flanked
text: by two BMW K1200LTA motorcycles.
scene_heading: EXT. MARAVILLA DRIVE - SAME TIME
text: Through binoculars, Handsome Rob is still keeping an eye on
text: Steve's house from the higher vantage point.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: The front gate rises. The Brink's truck and motorcycles are
text: let inside and head up the driveway.
text: But then he sees a SECOND ARMORED truck drive up, also guarded
text: by two motorcycles. And a third Brink's followed by
text: motorcycles turns into the driveway.
scene_heading: EXT. STEVE'S HOUSE
text: It's a convoy of matching armored trucks...
scene_heading: EXT. MARAVILLA DRIVE - DAY
text: Witnessing the twist of events through his binoculars. He
text: speaks into his headset mic --
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Problemo.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL - INTERCUT
text: The rest of the crew is now all in the U-Haul. Lyle's manning
dialog: the laptop.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: He's brought in three identical
text: armored trucks.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Shit. Decoys. It's like a shell game
text: on wheels.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: How can I reroute the truck if I
dialog: don't know which truck to reroute?
scene_heading: EXT. STEVE'S HOUSE - (TIME CUT) - DAY
text: The caravan of armored trucks and motorcycles now head down
text: the driveway. The Ferrari follows behind.
scene_heading: EXT. MARAVILLA DRIVE - DAY
text: Handsome Rob sees the vehicles head east on Oporto. He reports
dialog: into his mike:
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
text: Three Brink's trucks are leaving
text: with motorcycle escorts, plus Steve
text: in his Ferrari.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL
text: Maddening frustration.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: How're we going to figure out which
dialog: truck has the gold?
text: Charlie is just as frustrated... but in a tight spot he always
text: comes up with an idea.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You can monitor the traffic video
dialog: cameras from your laptop, right?
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Where's the first camera the trucks
dialog: will go past?
text: Lyle hits a command key and we now see the intersection of
text: Woodrow Wilson Drive and Cahuenga where vehicles are driving
text: under the traffic signal that a traffic video camera is
dialog: mounted to.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Cahuenga Boulevard. They all have to
dialog: cross that.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: The weight of the gold will lower
text: the suspension on the truck.
scene_heading: EXT. CAHUENGA BOULEVARD - DAY
text: The first armored truck makes its way through the green light.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL
text: Lyle hits the keyboard and lines of measurements appear across
text: the image of the Brink's truck. He strikes another key,
text: momentarily FREEZING the image. He makes a visual check of
text: the top of the armored truck against the Cahuenga Boulevard
text: street sign.
speaker_heading: LYLE
text: Lines up with the top of the sign.
dialog: Next...
text: He unfreezes the first image just in time to check out the
text: next armored truck in line. FREEZE. The top of this truck
text: also lines up perfectly with the top of the street sign.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: First two are the same.
scene_heading: EXT. CAHUENGA BOULEVARD - SAME TIME
text: The third Brink's truck makes its way through the
text: intersection, the Ferrari behind it.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL - SAME TIME
text: The third Brink's comes into the monitor's view. FREEZE.
text: The top of the truck is below the top of the street sign.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: That's our truck! License plate
speaker_heading: AWP82092.
scene_heading: EXT. CAHUENGA - SAME TIME
text: We see the truck with the California plate AWP82092. OUR
text: VIEW RISES UP until we're looking at an AERIAL VIEW as the
text: three armored trucks and their motorcycles fan out in three
text: different directions, with the Ferrari going in a fourth
dialog: direction.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD AT HIGHLAND - DAY
text: Handsome Rob pulls up in his Mini and parks behind the other
dialog: Minis.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL - SAME TIME
text: Charlie gives the command.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Gridlock time.
text: Lyle executes, hitting a series of keys and --
scene_heading: INT. MAINFRAME COMPUTER ROOM - SAME TIME
text: inconspicuous on a shelf, the dummy file box CLICKS into
text: action. In response, the false panels on the mainframes HUM
dialog: to life and in the adjacent --
scene_heading: TRAFFIC CONTROL CENTER
text: The mosaic of traffic screens SPIRAL INTO DARKNESS.
text: The workers can't believe it. They start hitting their
text: keyboards trying to get the system up and running again. But
dialog: it's useless since --
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL
text: Lyle controls the system now. A single mouse click loads his
dialog: new algorithm into the computer and --
scene_heading: SERIES OF RAPID-FIRE SHOTS
text: All the traffic signals in Hollywood turn green
dialog: simultaneously.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSECTIONS
text: See cars collide into each other. See a domino line of rear-
text: end crashes. A motorcycle tumbling over.
scene_heading: INT. TRAFFIC CONTROL CENTER
text: The stymied workers watch helplessly.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL
text: Lyle quickly types out some words and
scene_heading: INT. TRAFFIC CONTROL CENTER
text: The workers see the words form on the giant screens:
dialog: YOU'LL NEVER SHUT DOWN THE REAL NAPSTER!
scene_heading: EXT. MORE INTERSECTIONS
text: The traffic lights turn RED simultaneously. Then all turn
text: GREEN. Then RED again.
text: It's demolition derby time. Daisy-chains of wrecks. Cars
text: spinning like hockey pucks. Total traffic meltdown.
scene_heading: INT. KNX-AM 1070 TRAFFIC HELICOPTER - DAY
text: Sweeping over a panoramic view of the greatest traffic jam
text: in L.A.'s history is traffic anchor CHRISTINA GRIEGO. She
dialog: reports what she sees:
speaker_heading: CHRISTINA GRIEGO
dialog: This is Christina Griego with your
text: drive-home traffic report on KNX.
dialog: I'm looking down on Hollywood
dialog: Boulevard and this is definitely a
text: CIG alert.
scene_heading: INT. FERRARI
text: They're blocked in solid ahead and behind.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: What the hell?
text: He turns on the radio as --
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL
text: Lyle's fingers dance across the keyboard.
speaker_heading: LYLE
text: Opening up a space on North Highland.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD TRUCK
text: Stuck in the middle of it. The driver and guard, both armed,
dialog: are as confused as everyone else.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Get us out of here.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: I'm trying.
text: He sees a way out, a sudden opening on North. Highland.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL
text: Via a traffic video camera, Lyle sees on his laptop the gold
text: truck, followed by two motorcycles, making the turn onto
dialog: North Highland.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: He's taking it...
text: Lyle hits more keys.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: I now command you to turn left.
scene_heading: EXT. GOLD TRUCK
text: It comes to the next intersection. Every light is stuck on
text: red -- except the left turn only signal which is green. No
text: choice. The truck takes it.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL
text: He's striking keys, an orchestral conductor, the crew his
dialog: audience.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: I've got it on Hollywood Boulevard.
dialog: Time to slow down.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD BOULEVARD
text: Signals turn green, but only for three seconds, long enough
text: for one car to gun through it at a time.
text: At the same time, we see Charlie get out of the U-Haul and
text: climb into the first Mini. Stella gets into the second Mini.
text: Half-Ear joins Handsome Rob in the third.
scene_heading: INT. FERRARI - DAY
text: Steve gets the scoop over the radio. He can't believe it.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINA GRIEGO (V.O.)
dialog: According to the police, the computers
text: at the Traffic Control Center are
dialog: down.
dialog: Steve knows who did that.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Sonovabitch.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S MINI -DAY
text: Through his rearview mirror, Charlie eyes the gold truck
text: creeping closer.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Gentlemen, start your engines.
speaker_heading: THREE SHOTS
text: Starting their engines-with souped-up, throaty roars: Charlie;
dialog: Handsome Rob; Stella.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Give us the flag when you're ready.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL
text: Lyle has hacked into the Metro Rail's Control System. Starts
dialog: his magic.
speaker_heading: LYLE
text: Shutting down the rail as we speak.
scene_heading: INT. METRO RAIL TUNNELS - SEVERAL SHOTS
text: A Metro is speeding through the Blue Line tunnel. Suddenly
text: it loses power and comes to an inglorious stop.
text: Another Metro stops on the Red Line.
text: Inside a Metro on the Westside Corridor as it stops; confused
text: passengers stare out the glass.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL
text: His laptop shows a group of still circles that represent the
dialog: stalled Metros.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Tunnel's clear. Go!
scene_heading: EXT. WALK OF FAME
text: The three Minis jump the curb and drive right over the star-
text: lined sidewalk... Pedestrians throw themselves out of their
text: path... The cars run over Marilyn Monroe's star and the
text: flowers and candles left by fans... They make a sharp turn
text: down the cement stairs that lead to the Metro Rail platform.
dialog: At the same time --
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD BOULEVARD
text: The creeping gold truck is just about alongside the parked U-
dialog: Haul.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL
text: Through his sideview mirror, Lyle eyes the progress of the
text: gold truck. He gives the word:
speaker_heading: LYLE
text: Coming into position...
scene_heading: INT. METRO RAIL STATION
text: The Minis roughly bounce down the second flight of stairs.
text: The sides of the cars scrape against the metal handrails.
text: Tourists, workers, all scamper away.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL
text: The gold truck getting closer.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Five... Four...
scene_heading: INT. METRO RAIL STATION
text: The Minis land on the platform where everyone is waiting for
dialog: the next Metro.
text: Heads turn at the sight of these half-cars streaking by.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL
text: The gold truck is almost alongside the U-Haul.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Three...
scene_heading: INT. METRO RAIL STATION
text: Charlie's Mini flies off the platform and lands on the rail
text: line. The car's shocks take the hit.
text: The other Minis follow suit, off the platform, onto the rails.
speaker_heading: LYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Two... One...
speaker_heading: THE MINIS
text: Drive past the spot where they put the Nitramon explosives.
speaker_heading: LYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Do it.
scene_heading: INT. STELLA'S MINI
text: She brakes to a stop and braces herself as --
scene_heading: INT. HANDSOME ROB'S MINI
text: Half-Ear pulls out his hearing aid, hits the remote to a
dialog: detonator and --
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD &amp; HIGHLAND
text: The section of pavement that the gold truck sits on splits
text: apart. The road surface drops away. Smoke billowing up as
text: The BRINK'S TRUCK FALLS...
scene_heading: INT. METRO RAIL TUNNEL
text: Suddenly the street, the armored truck and daylight come
text: crashing down at us in a cloud of smoke and debris.
text: The truck's windshield implodes.
text: The Minis come to a stop. Half-Ear jumps out. Aims the grenade
text: launcher. FIRES.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD TRUCK
text: The triple charger chemical grenade sails in through the
text: windshield and explodes, knocking out the guards. The driver
text: slumps against the steering wheel, the horn BLARING under
dialog: his weight. At the same time:
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL - ON THE CUT
text: Lyle hits a button on a remote control and --
scene_heading: EXT. U-HAUL
text: Clamps unlock, releasing the heavy steel sheet from the side
text: of the U-Haul. It SLAMS DOWN, neatly covering the gaping
text: hole in the road like a huge manhole cover.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD &amp; HIGHLAND
text: The motorcycles following the Brink's come to a sudden stop.
text: The motorcycle guards watch the smoke clear. The armored
text: truck has vanished! Vaporized in the gridlock! Gone!
text: Pandemonium. People scatter. A man jumps out of his BMW and
text: sprints away from the explosion.
text: Lyle gets out of the U-Haul and runs to his getaway vehicle:
text: the Vespa. He's about to hop on, but something stops him...
text: The sight of the vacant, shimmering, 2002 BMW 750iL parked
text: just ahead, keys dangling from the ignition.
text: At the same time, the motorcycle guards climb off their bikes.
text: Draw semi-automatic handguns. Result: more madness Bystanders
dialog: flee.
text: The BMW tears out of there, Lyle behind the wheel.
scene_heading: INT. METRO RAIL TUNNEL - DAY
text: The rear door to the Brink's is open. Our crew sees the
text: Worthington 1000 inside.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Nice work.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Well like Einstein almost said: genius
dialog: is ten percent inspiration, ninety
text: percent detonation.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Let's get our gold.
text: Stella goes up to the imposing safe. Gives it a look of
text: momentary respect, then sets to work...
scene_heading: INT. KNX-AM 1070 TRAFFIC HELICOPTER - DAY
text: Christina Griego telling her radio audience:
speaker_heading: CHRISTINA GRIEGO
dialog: I've seen earthquakes, mudslides,
dialog: fires, riots, but this... Let me try
dialog: to paint a picture for our listeners.
scene_heading: INT. FERRARI
text: Hearing the news over the radio.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINA GRIEGO (V.O.)
dialog: There's been some kind of an explosion
text: and a Brink's truck has just dropped
text: down into the Metro Rail Blue Line.
text: Steve slams the car into gear and jumps the sidewalk, passing
text: the gridlock. He hollers into a walkie-talkie --
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: The truck's in the Metro Rail. Where
dialog: does the Blue Line go back above
dialog: ground?
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - SERIES OF SHOTS
text: The motorcycle guards who were escorting the decoy trucks
text: hear Steve over their walkie-talkies. With squeals of rubber,
text: they turn around as one of the guards answers --
scene_heading: MOTORCYCLE GUARD
text: It comes out at Flower &amp; Pico.
dialog: At the same time --
scene_heading: INT. METRO RAIL TUNNEL - DAY
text: Stella works the dial, feeling for contact points. And --
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD &amp; HIGHLAND - DAY
text: The two motorcycle guards fervently try to lift off the steel
text: sheet that dropped down from the U-Haul.
scene_heading: INT. METRO RAIL TUNNEL - DAY
text: They see daylight start to stream in from above as the steel
text: sheet slides a little.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Stella?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Shhh...
text: We HEAR Stella's heart pounding in her ears. See the
text: perspiration on her fingertips.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You know when you said this wouldn't
dialog: be the same as opening a safe for
dialog: the cops?
speaker_heading: HANDSOME ROB
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Did you have to be right?
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD &amp; HIGHLAND - DAY
text: The motorcycle guards strain, managing to shift the steel
text: sheet enough so they can see the armored truck below.
scene_heading: INT. METRO RAIL TUNNEL - DAY
text: CLOSE SHOTS on Stella's eyes, pure concentration. CLOSE SHOTS
text: on each number on the dial. Finally: CLICK.
text: She grabs the safe's lever and swings the sturdy steel door
text: open. She instinctively looks away.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Don't you want to see what's inside?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I never look.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Trust me. You wanna look.
text: So she does. Inside is a mountain of gold bricks...
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD &amp; HIGHLAND - MOMENTS LATER
text: The motorcycle guards heave, strain, finally getting the
text: steel plate off. But it's too late as --
scene_heading: INT. MINIS - SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Engines REV. Exhaust jets. Hands slam stick-shifts.
scene_heading: INT. METRO RAIL TUNNEL
text: The cars streak off deeper into the Metro Rail tunnel,
text: headlights bouncing off the walls.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S MINI (MOVING) - DAY
text: It's a rush cruising down the tunnel. Taking the Blue Line.
text: Leading the pack. But they're not home free yet.
scene_heading: EXT. 101 FREEWAY - DAY
text: Rush hour gridlock -- no problem. The Ferrari's 12 cylinder
text: massive 210 hp engine bellows as it hits 120 m.p.h. in the
dialog: breakdown lane.
text: A Highway Patrol car starts chasing after it, siren wailing.
scene_heading: INT. FERRARI (HAULING ASS) - DAY
text: Merging onto the 110 South, Steve sees the patrol car in hot
dialog: pursuit.
text: He shifts into sixth and suddenly this car is a rocket
text: blasting off, doing a 1/4 mile in 1.3 seconds, leaving the
text: patrol car far behind. At the same time --
scene_heading: INT. SAFE HOUSE - GARAGE
text: Mashkov and the other heavily armed Ukrainians climb into a
text: SUV. The garage door opens and the vehicle charges out of
dialog: there. And at the same time --
scene_heading: INT. METRO RAIL TUNNEL
text: The three Minis speed by UNDERNEATH OUR CAMERA in streaks of
text: red, white, and blue.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S MINI (MOVING)
text: He spots the proverbial daylight at the end of the tunnel.
scene_heading: EXT. FLOWER &amp; PICO - DAY
text: Where the Blue Line rises up to ground level. The Minis
text: thunder into the daylight, past the above ground platform,
text: just as two motorcycles come flying around the corner after
dialog: them.
text: Picture this: two guards on each motorcycle with each man
text: seated behind the driver holding AK-47s in each hand, giving
text: them the appearance of having submachine guns growing out of
dialog: their shoulders.
text: Fingers go flat against the AK-47s triggers. Blowing SHOT
scene_heading: after SHOT at the Minis. BAM-BAM-BAM.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S MINI
text: In the teeth of gunfire. Bullets explode through the back
text: window in a cacophony of CRASHING GLASS. A shot wings his
text: door. POP! Into headset:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Split up!
scene_heading: EXT. FLOWER &amp; PICO
text: They head off in different directions through congested
text: downtown rush hour traffic.
text: One motorcycle takes off after Charlie's Mini. The other
text: goes after Handsome Rob's Mini. So Stella's free and clear
text: except that Steve's Ferrari is barreling down Pico and coming
dialog: after her.
scene_heading: INT. LAPD HELICOPTER (FLYING)
text: An LAPD PILOT swoops in, barking out instructions to police
text: cars converging on the scene.
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLIE'S MINI
text: Turning onto Exposition, the motorcycle in pursuit, the
text: chopper overhead.
text: His red Mini jumps a curve, now on a wide sidewalk,
text: accelerating full throttle for the horizon while pedestrians
text: flatten themselves against a high-rise in fear.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S MINI
text: He sees someone give him the finger. Mutters:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: If you don't like how I'm driving,
dialog: get off the damn sidewalk.
dialog: Meanwhile:
scene_heading: INT. HANDSOME ROB'S MINI
text: He's got the other motorcycle on his tail, RELENTLESS GUNFIRE
text: dogging his every move.
text: He shifts smooth as silk, squeezing between a car he's passing
text: and an oncoming car in the other lane. Half-Ear is trying
dialog: his best to remain calm but Jesus, that was close.
text: Suddenly, Handsome Rob veers off the road and WHAM. He takes
text: down a chain link fence and is now in the parking lot of
dialog: the:
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENTION CENTER
text: His white Mini catapults across the asphalt, the motorcycle
text: still right behind.
scene_heading: INT. HANDSOME ROB'S MINI
text: Up ahead, he eyes the open door entrance to the Convention
text: Center. Stomps the gas.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: What are you doing?
text: The turbine howls.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: What -- are -- you -- doing?
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENTION CENTER
text: The Mini squeezes through the doorway and into the --
scene_heading: INT. CONVENTION CENTER
text: It's the STAR TREK GRAND SLAM 2002 convention in full swing.
text: Display tables are lined up in the cavernous hall and the
text: Mini snakes through the maze and the Trekkies as --
text: The motorcycle follows right behind and the chase is really
dialog: on now.
text: THUDA THUD THUDA, the Mini's wheels climb a flight of steps.
text: Waves of people flee the path of the little car and --
text: THUD, THUDA, THUD, the motorcycle follows right behind.
text: The Mini zips down the wide Concourse Hall -- travels
text: underneath banners of Star Trek characters that hang from
text: the ceiling -- the motorcycle keeps up, tires tearing into
text: the carpeting.
scene_heading: INT. HANDSOME ROB'S MINI
text: He shifts, swerves, avoiding people, obstacles.
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: Go that way!
text: Handsome Rob turns, taking them down the --
speaker_heading: WEST HALL
text: that stretches out toward the Staples Center.
text: WHIZ. The Mini goes by. WHIZ. The motorcycle goes by.
dialog: Then --
text: The Mini steamrolls through the exit doors and --
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENTION CENTER/STAPLES CENTER
text: It bounds down outdoor steps and ramps onto the outside
text: entrance to the Staples Center, fitting snugly between cement
text: pillars that are designed to keep regular-sized cars out.
scene_heading: INT. STAPLES CENTER - DAY
text: The Mini bulldozes through glass doors. Across the lobby.
text: Down an aisle that leads right to --
speaker_heading: CENTER COURT
text: where OUR L.A. LAKERS are in the midst of practice. The Minis
text: do look like matchbox cars next to these towering players.
text: The car's tires leave a streak of rubber on the parquet floor.
text: The team clears a path. The car is off the court before they
dialog: know it.
text: But now the players see the motorcycle coming down the aisle.
text: See the guns. See security guards running after it.
text: KOBE BRYANT picks up a basketball.
text: The motorcycle charges across center court.
text: Kobe aims... hurls the ball. It RAMS into the motorcycle's
text: handlebars. The bike spins out of control and into a nasty
text: fall, spitting off the riders while --
scene_heading: EXT. STAPLES CENTER
text: The Mini crashes out the opposite side of the arena and glides
text: right through the L.A. Sports Arch of Fame before escaping
text: onto Figueroa. Meanwhile:
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH ALAMEDA - DAY
text: The Ferrari is eating up the pavement as it hounds after
text: Stella. Two police cars are roaring after them both.
scene_heading: INT. STELLA'S MINI
text: She slaps the gears into action, maneuvers tight turns around
text: the cars in her path, just like she does at home with Jack
dialog: Daniels.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH ALAMEDA
text: A cop car tries to pass the same car as the Ferrari but
text: smashes into an oncoming vehicle. As it spins like a corkscrew --
scene_heading: EXT. FERRARI
text: The rear tires spin smoke and it launches like a missile
dialog: after the Mini.
scene_heading: INT. STELLA'S MINI
text: She keeps flooring it... the gauge rising... the customized
dialog: engine screaming...
text: But the Ferrari, like an unstoppable force, hangs menacingly
text: in her rearview mirror.
speaker_heading: I/E FERRARI
text: Steve RAMS into the rear bumper of the blue Mini. The bumper
text: tears off, rolls across the pavement. The Ferrari is about
dialog: to make another charge.
scene_heading: INT. STELLA'S MINI
text: She yanks the wheel left to avoid the hit. Suddenly finds
text: herself in the path of an ARROWHEAD WATER TRUCK. She yanks
text: the wheel right to avoid a collision.
scene_heading: INT. ARROWHEAD WATER TRUCK
text: The truck driver hits the brakes, over compensating as he
text: turns away from the Mini and --
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH ALAMEDA
text: The truck falls over onto its side, sending those big jugs
text: all over the road, water exploding into the air and --
text: The Ferrari crashes through the jugs, one rolling up the
text: hood and over the windshield, dousing it like a car wash.
text: The lane is blocked by the wreck. Steve makes a right turn.
text: The police cruiser hits the brakes but not fast enough. It
text: slams into the water truck.
scene_heading: EXT. 5TH STREET
text: Steve turned onto a one-way street and he's going the wrong
text: way. A Jeep Wrangler almost runs into him head-on but both
text: cars stop just in time.
text: The DRIVER of Wrangler, a muscular fire plug of a guy, jumps
text: out, furious.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS DRIVER
dialog: What's wrong with you, you stupid-
dialog: ass, son of a bitch, dickhead...
text: As more invectives are hurled, Steve gets out of the Ferrari
text: and walks towards the furious driver.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS DRIVER
dialog: What? You want a piece of me? C'mon,
dialog: dumbshit. Bring it on. I'll be pulling
dialog: peanuts out of your asshole --
text: BANG. Steve shoots the guy's foot.
speaker_heading: FURIOUS DRIVER
dialog: Shit! Shit! You shot me in the foot!
text: While the furious driver hops on one leg, Steve gets into
text: the Wrangler and takes off, abandoning the Ferrari. At the
dialog: same time --
scene_heading: INT. BMW 750IL (MOVING) - SUNSET
text: Lyle's coasting down Exposition Boulevard towards Union
text: Station. Clear sailing for him.
text: He sees a young woman thumbing for a ride. It's Karen. And
text: he recognizes her: she was hitchhiking when he first arrived
text: in L.A. He pulls over. To Lyle, she might be an angel in the
dialog: empyrean if she wasn't, so completely, a woman.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Away.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: How about far, far away?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: The farther the better.
scene_heading: EXT. FIGUEROA &amp; OLYMPIC - DAY
text: Charlie's still having a helluva time getting rid of the
text: motorcycle. It screams like a Banshee as it streaks up
text: alongside the Mini. Charlie suddenly sees an AK-47 pointed
text: right at him.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S MINI
text: He jerks the steering wheel and swerves off the street,
text: driving through the parking lot of the historic Hotel
dialog: Figueroa.
text: With the motorcycle dogging his heels, he looks up at the
text: building. It has three towers that rise up 12 stories, with
text: a giant mural of Albert Einstein covering one of the towers
dialog: (it's an ad for Apple Computers: Think different.)
text: Suddenly the LAPD helicopter swoops down towards the parking
text: lot, shattering the air, blowing up dirt and discarded
text: newspapers in a rush of turbo-wash, trying to box in the
dialog: Mini.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S MINI
dialog: He's got no place else to go...
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL FIGUEROA
text: The Mini squeezes through the entrance and into the lobby
text: with its exotic Moroccan decor. Horrified guests catapult
text: out of the way. The Mini drives past wooden statues, potted
dialog: palm trees.
text: The motorcycle follows the car as it streaks towards the
text: elevator. Charlie looks back, sees the motorcycle. The
text: elevator door opens. Some tourists step off.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Going up?
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR
text: The Mini darts right in, not an inch to spare. Charlie reaches
text: out the window, presses the button for ROOF.
text: He sees the motorcycle charging after him, burning rubber
text: across the beautiful tiled floor. Closer, closer.
text: The door closes just in time.
text: A second elevator opens, the motorcycle zooms inside, people
text: screaming at the sight of the guns.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP - DAY
text: The doors open, PING, and the Mini reverses out, spins.
text: LOOKING DOWN onto the building's rooftop, we see that it is
text: shaped like a capitol E, three towers connected by a narrow
text: strip. Each tower has its own elevator.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE'S MINI
text: He wants to drive across the rooftop strip but there's a big
text: problem: the giant sign that exclaims HOTEL FIGUEROA in red
text: and white neon lights blocks so much of the strip that even
dialog: the Mini couldn't squeeze through.
text: In his rearview, he sees the second elevator door open and
text: out comes the motorcycle. He's trapped up here. But he's not
text: about to abandon ship.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP
text: So he floors it, slaps the gears, hurtles to the edge of the
dialog: first tower and in --
scene_heading: EYE-POPPING CGI SLOW MOTION SHOTS
text: His car hurls into the wide blue empty space... The ground
text: deliriously distant... Spiraling through the air like a
dialog: football...
scene_heading: NEXT TOWER - ROOFTOP
text: The Mini lands right-side-up with a THUD. Charlie, rattled,
text: looks over his shoulder and sees the LAPD helicopter rising
text: over the rooftop, turbines SCREAMING.
text: And here comes the motorcycle. Flying from one section of
text: the rooftop to the next. It lands and the driver REVS it
dialog: forward --
scene_heading: I/E CHARLIE'S MINI
text: He speeds toward the edge of the roof and launches off towards
text: the third tower some twenty feet away. Lands. Keeps going to
text: the last elevator, skids to a stop.
text: He reaches out, punches the call button. Then looks over his
dialog: shoulder to witness --
speaker_heading: THE MOTORCYCLE
text: going full throttle to make the final rooftop to rooftop
dialog: jump.
text: But its front wheel hits the edge slightly off-kilter...
text: It soars but with a slight downward trajectory...
text: Towards a large window on the top floor...
dialog: Then lower...
text: And the look on the driver's face says it all as...
text: The front wheel of the motorcycle SMACKS into the side of
text: the building, just below the window.
text: The guards are flung off the bike and their bodies CRASH
dialog: through the window as --
text: A hunk of exploding metal imbeds itself in the side of the
dialog: LAPD chopper and --
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL FIGUEROA
text: The guards land in the Tangier Suite in a hailstorm of glass
text: shards.
scene_heading: I/E. LAPD HELICOPTER
text: Smoke billows out where the hunk of metal hit. The pilot
text: keeps it under control but it's time to go. With a WHINING
text: THROB, the injured chopper banks away.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL FIGUEROA LOBBY - DAY
text: PING. The elevator door opens. Charlie's Mini shoots out
text: then skids out the lobby's exit. He made it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STELLA'S MINI (SPEEDING) - DAY
text: She checks the rearview mirror. No sign of the Ferrari.
text: Just a Jeep Wrangler back there.
text: Stella looks relieved. Feels like she's home free.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. UNION STATION - SUNSET
text: Stella's Mini pulls up to the ramp of the enclosed car carrier
text: at the end of Amtrak Train 59, bound for New Orleans.
text: She can see the other two Minis are already inside. She gets
text: out and hands the cargo loader a ticket.
scene_heading: EXT. UNION STATION - NIGHT
text: The "All Aboard" announcement goes out over the PA system.
text: Then the Superliner train pulls out of the station, quickly
text: picking up speed.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST CLASS CAR - NIGHT
text: The outside streaks by through the window. It's a happy crew.
text: Champagne is poured. Charlie holds up his glass and gets
dialog: their attention.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I want to make a toast. Cause there's
dialog: somebody missing here today, and we
dialog: all know who it is.
text: They all raise their glasses.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: To John Bridger. The most brilliant
dialog: master planner of them all. We wish
dialog: he was with us.
text: We PAN ACROSS their faces. It's been a three year odyssey
dialog: for them. They got the gold, but they lost someone they loved.
speaker_heading: ALL OF THEM
dialog: To John.
dialog: Clink.
scene_heading: INT. CAR CARRIER - NIGHT
text: OUR CAMERA MOVES past the three Minis parked inside...
text: And STOPS at the last car in the carrier -- the Jeep Wrangler.
text: Its rear hatch rises and Steve creeps out. Looks around.
dialog: It's safe.
text: He walks over to Stella's Mini. Pops open the trunk REVEALING
text: a silver Haliburton suitcase. He unzips the case.
text: It's filled with stacks and stacks of gold bricks, the exotic
text: face of a Balinese girl on each one.
text: Steve pulls out a brick, embraces it. He knows his gold.
dialog: These bricks are real.
text: But as he has a moment with his gold, BEHIND HIM, the trunks
text: of the other two Minis RISE in unison.
text: Then Mashkov RISES out of the trunk of the white Mini.
text: Another Ukrainian RISES out of the trunk of the blue Mini.
text: Four more Ukrainians slide out from underneath the Minis.
text: They cock their M-lls.
scene_heading: CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK.
text: Steve hears the sound from behind him. He turns around to
text: see the weapons pointed at him.
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: Take out your gun and drop it on the
dialog: floor.
dialog: Steve has no choice.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: You knew my cousin. Yevhen.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I never knew anyone named Yevhen.
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: Get in the trunk. Not that trunk,
dialog: this one. That gold is for us. A
dialog: gift from some old friends of yours.
dialog: They said to tell you that they didn't
text: mind sharing the box of Cracker Jack,
dialog: as long as you didn't get any. Not
dialog: even the toy surprise.
text: The Ukrainians force Steve into the trunk of the white Mini.
text: And for the first time, he's scared. Looking up at Mashkov,
text: he begs.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Please. Don't shoot me. Please...
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: Don't worry. That wasn't the deal.
dialog: I'm not going to shoot you.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Thank you. Thank God.
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: He really thought I was going to
dialog: shoot him.
text: The Ukrainians laugh. Steve tries to laugh.
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: No. No. I'm not going to shoot you.
dialog: I'm going to hack off your limbs and
dialog: bury you while you're still alive.
text: And with that, he closes the trunk. THUD. Like the lid of a
text: coffin. And for Steve, the world falls into BLACKNESS.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST CLASS CAR - SAME TIME
text: Underneath the crew's seats, we see the other two silver
text: Haliburton suitcases filled with the rest of the gold. We
dialog: BOOM UP to our five thieves...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: New IDs.
text: Handsome Rob passes out new fake driver's licenses for when
text: they arrive in New Orleans.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: (re: his fake license)
dialog: Simon Quackenbush? Could I -- just
dialog: once -- have a cool name?
speaker_heading: HALF-EAR
dialog: (also complaining)
dialog: 250_pounds?
text: They're interrupted by the RING of Charlie's phone. He
dialog: answers.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Did you get what you wanted?
scene_heading: INT. CAR CARRIER - INTERCUT
text: Mashkov is on the other end of the line.
speaker_heading: MASHKOV
dialog: I'm happy.
text: During this, Lyle types commands into his laptop that is
text: connected to a phone jack in the car.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It was good doing business with you.
text: Lyle hits a final command and --
scene_heading: INT. ENGINEER ROOM - SAME TIME
dialog: signal box receives the command and --
scene_heading: EXT. CAR CARRIER - SAME TIME
text: The coupler between the car carrier and the rest of the train
text: is electronically disengaged.
text: This causes the train to separate from the car carrier. The
text: train speeds on without it at 100 miles per hour.
text: The car carrier slowly comes to a stop in the middle of
dialog: nowhere.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DINING CAR - NIGHT
text: The Dining Car features crisp white linens and extended
text: windows for scenic dining. Lyle walks over to a table where
text: Karen is waiting for him. She looks resplendent.
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: Is this seat taken?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: It is now.
text: He sits. And as OUR CAMERA HOLDS ON Lyle, ready to embark on
dialog: a new life, we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE COVER OF WIRED MAGAZINE
text: It fills THE SCREEN. And beneath a photograph of Lyle himself,
dialog: we read the headline:
text: WILL THE REAL NAPSTER PLEASE STAND UP
dialog: How The Laptop Fugitive Pulled It Off
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARLOUR CAR - NIGHT
text: And as OUR CAMERA FINDS Half-Ear, checking out the books in
dialog: the library, feeling like the wealthy man he is, we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE COVER OF PHILADELPHIA CITY COLLEGE'S ALUMNI NEWS
text: And beneath a graduation photo of Half-Ear in his cap and
dialog: gown, we read the headline:
text: "HE WAS ONE OF M'S BEST STUDENTS"
text: Professor Relives Memories of Erudite Fugitive
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE CAR - NIGHT
text: And as OUR CAMERA FINDS Handsome Rob, who's already caught
dialog: the eye of a woman at the bar, we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THE COVER OF THE ADELPHIA CABLE INSIDER NEWSLETTER
text: And beneath a photo of Becky the cable chick, we read the
dialog: headline:
text: "HE TOOK THE SHIRT OFF MY BACK AND I'D GIVE IT TO HIM AGAIN!"
dialog: Feds Say Technician Admits to Encounter With 'Handsome' Thief
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FIRST CLASS CAR - NIGHT
text: Charlie and Stella drink from glasses of champagne.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We did it.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: We sure did.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: There's something I've been meaning
dialog: to ask you, Stella. But I've just
dialog: been so busy lately, what with the
text: explosion, car chase, Ukrainians and
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: STELLA
text: It has been a hectic day.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It's about that thing you said to me
dialog: back in Philadelphia.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: That thing?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You said that you can't have a
dialog: relationship with a pickpocket, gold
dialog: robber, or any kind of thief.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Oh... That thing.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Do you still believe that?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Yeah. I do.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well I was wondering... What about a
dialog: retired pickpocket, gold robber,
dialog: thief?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Now that's an entirely different
dialog: question.
text: And as an enigmatic smile settles across her face, we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE COVER OF CONDE MAST TRAVEL MAGAZINE
text: And beneath a photo of sunbathers on a glorious beach, we
dialog: read the headline:
text: LIVING THE GOOD LIFE ON THE PINK SANDS OF BERMUDA
text: And OUR VIEW SLOWLY PUSHES IN CLOSER ON the magazine cover...
text: CLOSER on the line of sunbathers... PANNING ACROSS their
dialog: faces -- and you'd never notice unless you were really,
dialog: really, looking for them... is it them?... CLOSER on the
text: pixels... and yes, it sure is... Charlie &amp; Stella in lounge
dialog: chairs, living the good life.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
