speaker_heading: THE MEDDLER
dialog: by Lorene Scafaria
dialog: April 1, 2015
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: A ceiling fan spinning slow and sad above us.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT —- BEDROOM -- MORNING
text: MARNIE MINERVINI (60s) stares at the ceiling, tucked in her
text: side of the bed, a chasm of empty space beside her. She
text: sighs, forgotten. Then turns to the window. Looks out at
text: the California sun. And immediately brightens.
text: She props herself up and out of bed.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Anyway...
text: Her chipper Brooklyn/Jersey accent rings out:
scene_heading: INT. WEST HOLLYWOOD - APPLE STORE -- DAY
text: Marnie makes her way through the store, happy and confused.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Today I went across the street to
dialog: the Apple store and got one of the
text: new iPhones with the 64 gigabytes
dialog: cause I wasn't sure if I should get
dialog: the 16s or the 64s but the 64s
dialog: looked good so there you go.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GROVE -- LATER
text: Marnie has breakfast with her iPhone.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: The genius bartender showed me how
dialog: to make things bigger but I already
dialog: forgot. God, my eyesight is so
dialog: shot. But I got on the Safari
dialog: before and I looked up The Palazzo
dialog: and it said they filmed “The Hills"
dialog: here for two seasons. Isn't that
dialog: neat?
text: -- Marnie happily weaves through The Grove’s morning crowd.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: And they used to do the Extra
dialog: program at The Grove every day with
dialog: Mario Lopez. He seems nice.
text: -- Marnie stands shyly at the fountain, watching the children
text: play nearby.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I swear I could stand there and
dialog: watch that fountain for hours.
dialog: Today they played “Come Fly With
dialog: Me" and I almost started crying
dialog: thinking about Daddy. But I didn't
dialog: cause basically, I feel great.
text: -- Marnie buys a Wetzel Pretzel.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: It's like living on Main Street in
dialog: Disneyland. Every day is sunny and
dialog: I wake up and I think, “Thank you,
dialog: Joey, for making it possible.”
text: -- The trolley man rings the bell, Marnie scuttles out of the
text: way, packages from Crate & Barrel in her arms.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I swear, if I get hit by that
dialog: trolley, I'll die happy.
scene_heading: INT. PALAZZO APARTMENT -- VARIOUS 4
text: Marnie puts pillows, still tagged, on her small couch.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: And just wait ‘til you see my
dialog: apartment.
text: -- Marnie has a cup of decaf at the kitchen table.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I have a balcony that's far enough
dialog: from other peoples' balconies so
dialog: nobody could jump down from the
dialog: roof or whatever...
text: -- Marnie looks off her small balcony, eyeing, suspicious.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: And I have a parking spot right
dialog: next to the elevator so I can just
dialog: run right in there.
text: -- Underground, Marnie sprints from her Toyota toward the
text: elevator, bags in hand.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: And I got everything shipped out
dialog: from Jersey. All my artwork...
text: -- Marnie hangs up a local-artist painting of Kermit the Frog
text: playing guitar in the woods.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: The doll I had made of you...
text: -- Marnie sets out a HANDMADE DOLL replicated to look like
text: her DAUGHTER as a little kid, next to a matching photo.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: And of course the pictures of me
dialog: and Daddy on our honeymoon.
text: -- She slides a photo in her mirror. A YOUNGER MARNIE and
text: her HANDSOME ITALIAN HUSBAND when he was alive.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: God, I can't believe I smoked back
dialog: then. I hope you're not still
dialog: smoking. It's really bad for you.
scene_heading: INT. MARNIE’S TOYOTA -- MORNING 5
text: Marnie awkwardly drives up Laurel Canyon, holding her iPhone
dialog: on speaker.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Anyway... call me back. Love you.
text: She hangs up. Then turns up her Beyonce CD, humming along.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LORI’S HOUSE -- SAME TIME 6
text: LORI (30s) lies face down in bed, a cell phone buzzing in her
text: outstretched hand. She looks at it.
scene_heading: CLOSE on: MA VOICEMAIL (5)
text: Lori closes her eyes again. Almost immediately, the doorbell
text: RINGS. She sits up.
scene_heading: INT. LORI’S HOUSE -- MOMENTS LATER 7
text: Lori opens the door to see Marnie holding up a brown bag.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I brought bagels.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: You should've called.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: But I didn’t answer.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, I’m sure you were busy.
text: Marnie hugs Lori, then gives her the bag. Lori follows her
text: inside the small, neglected house.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Say hi to your grand-dogs.
text: TWO MUTTS jump and sniff at Marnie. She pets them with the
text: back of her hand, clearly uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Hi, doggies. Hello.
text: Marnie shuts the front door, leaving the dogs outside.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: (looking in bag)
text: Six bagels. All salt.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: They're the best kind.
dialog: (seeing something)
dialog: Oh Lor, you let Daddy’s bonsai die?
text: Marnie goes to the bonsai, trying to spruce it back to life.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Yeah... Sorry, Mom... I tried.
dialog: They're like crazy delicate. It
dialog: was... crazy.
text: Marnie tsks sadly, then whispers to Heaven:
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Sorry, Joey.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: See, this is why I asked you not to
dialog: put me in charge.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: LORI (CONT'D)
dialog: You can’t just give someone a man’s
dialog: bonsai and orchid and put all this
dialog: pressure on them.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You let the orchid die too?
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Yes “I let it die”. I watered it
dialog: every day.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, Lor, you’re not supposed to
dialog: water it every day.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Well, I watered it the right
dialog: amount, okay? Plants die. It’sa
dialog: part of plant life. Please don’t
dialog: make me feel any more bad about it.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Alright, forget it.
text: Lori puts a bagel in the toaster. Marnie looks through a
text: pile of Lori’s mail and sees an INVITATION.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s this?
speaker_heading: LORI
text: Emily's baby shower.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Do you get to bring somebody?
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Why? I probably won’t go.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Cause I’1ll have to get all dressed
dialog: up... And it’s gonna be like
dialog: everyone I know there...
text: Lori disappears into a cabinet.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I thought you stopped smoking.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: (holding in smoke)
dialog: Cigarettes.
dialog: (exhaling)
dialog: You said this was better.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I said it was okay after your
dialog: father died when your stomach hurt.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Well, it’s after my father died.
dialog: And my stomach hurts.
text: Lori disappears into the cabinet again.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, have you heard from Jacob?
dialog: You shouldn’t call him. What’s
dialog: going on with work? Did they call
dialog: you about the pilot? You shouldn't
dialog: be smoking if you have a deadline.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Mom. Please. Don’t say deadline.
dialog: Don’t say pilot. And do not,
dialog: please, ever again, say the word
dialog: Jacob, okay?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Alright.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I just don’t think you should call
dialog: him. Especially when you have a
dialog: deadline on your pilot. Jacob, I
dialog: mean.
text: Lori bites her cheek.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: We should find you a hobby.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I thought you were gonna volunteer
text: at the hospital.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Yeah, I keep meaning to do that.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Or maybe you could be my hobby.
text: Lori looks up, eyes wide. A bagel POPS out of the toaster.
text: Mother and daughter both jump.
dialog: 10
scene_heading: INT. GROVE - MOVIE THEATER LOBBY -- DAY 8
text: Marnie steps up to the ticket counter.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Three for “Fight School”.
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATER -- LATER 9
text: Marnie sits alone, eating popcorn in the back row of a Liam
text: Neeson movie. She enjoys the explosive action.
scene_heading: INT. APPLE STORE -- LATER 10
text: Marnie is being helped by FREDDY (20s, GENIUS T-shirt).
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: And you just put your fingers on
dialog: the screen like this...
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, look at that, you magnified it.
dialog: (squinting)
dialog: So if I wanted to look up an
dialog: address for a baby shower?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Well, you’d go on Safari and...
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh you just Google it?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Yeah you just type it in. And if
dialog: you need to find it again, it’s in
dialog: your search history. There.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh my god Freddy, you really are a
dialog: genius.
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: (humble)
dialog: It’s just a label.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Your mother must be so proud.
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: I guess so.
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, I would be. My daughter’s a
dialog: genius, but she’s too old for you.
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: I turn twenty-three in October.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Get outta here. Happy Birthday.
dialog: What does that make you? A Libra?
dialog: What does that mean? It’s the
dialog: scales, right? Justice? You're
dialog: probably very diplomatic. You
dialog: should be a lawyer.
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You should.
text: Marnie smiles. Freddy nods, not sure how to respond.
scene_heading: EXT. HUGE BACKYARD -- DAY 11
text: Marnie, wearing black as usual, tries to mingle with various
text: 30-SOMETHING WOMEN at a fancy BABY SHOWER.
text: -- Marnie stands on the outskirts of one group.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You should get the kind I have.
dialog: Transitions. They go from regular
dialog: glasses to sunglasses when you walk
dialog: outside. You can find ‘em
dialog: anywhere... Lenscrafters....
dialog: (pulling out her iPhone)
dialog: You want me to make you an
dialog: appointment?
text: -- Marnie interrupts an ENGAGED WOI --
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re gonna want to clean that
dialog: with Windex.
scene_heading: -- To an INFERTILE WOMAN --
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What you should do is have him tip
dialog: you upside-down. That’s what Joe
dialog: and I did when we conceived Lori.
dialog: 12
scene_heading: EXT. HUGE BACKYARD -- LATER 12
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: And this one’s from Mrs. Minervini.
text: Marnie sits among the much-younger group, feeling under-
text: dressed, awkwardly squeezed next to a tree. They watch EMILY
text: (30s, pregnant) unwrap a white box.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh my god... an iPad.
text: The women “ooh” and “ah” at it, a bit confused.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Wow, Marnie, that’s crazy generous.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, I know it wasn’t on your list
dialog: but I went to the Apple store the
dialog: other day and I saw this little
text: Filipino boy, practically a baby,
dialog: playing on one of these, what do
dialog: you call it’s...
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: ... iPads...
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: ... iPads... And then Freddy told
dialog: me they have all these programs you
dialog: can download, like Barney’s Circus
dialog: and Nemo--
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Thanks, Marnie. That’s sooo0o
dialog: nice. Lori has the best mom ever.
text: Emily moves on to other gifts. Marnie goes back to eating a
text: scone. The BRUNETTE (30s) sitting next to her, leans in.
speaker_heading: BRUNETTE
dialog: Where is Lori?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, I think she’s working today.
dialog: She's got that deadline. I mean...
dialog: countdown.
speaker_heading: BRUNETTE
dialog: She said she’d baby-sit Tehya
dialog: tonight. Dani and I haven’t gotten
dialog: out in a year.
dialog: 13
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, well I could--
text: A BLONDE WOMAN (30s) leans in.
speaker_heading: BLONDE WOMAN
dialog: I thought she was out of town.
text: A CURLY-HAIRED WOMAN (30s) leans in, holding a TINY DOG.
scene_heading: CURLY-HAIRED WOMAN
dialog: She told me she was sick.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh. Well, she was sick....
speaker_heading: BLONDE WOMAN
dialog: I'd be sick too. With everything
text: Jacob puts her through.
scene_heading: CURLY-HAIRED WOMAN
dialog: She’s so pretty. Why can’t she
dialog: just get over him?
speaker_heading: BRUNETTE WOMAN
dialog: She's never gonna get over him if
text: she keeps giving him what he wants.
text: They all nod in agreement. Marnie looks at them.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: What does he want?
speaker_heading: EMILY (0.S.)
dialog: OMG shut it.
text: Everyone turns back to Emily holding up a tiny onesie.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Does this come in my size? I’m
dialog: kidding. I know it doesn’t.
text: The women ooh and ah at it, except Marnie.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: What does he want?
scene_heading: EXT. HUGE BACKYARD -- LATER 13
text: Marnie is standing by the buffet table, a pastry in one hand,
text: her iPhone in the other. She texts Lori: Where r u?
speaker_heading: EMILY (0.S.)
dialog: Marnie?
dialog: 11.
text: Marnie turns to see the mom-to-be with an OLDER MAN (60s).
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Marnie, this is Greg’s dad. He
dialog: came out to help us with the
dialog: nursery.
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: Mark, hi.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh. Marnie.
text: She gestures with her hands full.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: He’s in town til Thursday.
text: Emily walks away. It takes awhile for Marnie to finish her
dialog: bite. Finally:
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: So you're out visiting your son?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Yeah. Emily said it was important
dialog: that I come but... I think I’m just
dialog: here to carry gifts.
dialog: (laughs, then)
text: His mother isn’t around.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, my husband died a year ago.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Oh. Well, she lives in London,
dialog: but, we're divorced....
text: Marnie takes a sip of her drink.
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: Emily said that you grew up in
dialog: Brooklyn. Which, um, which part?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
text: Near Sunset Park.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I lived on the corner of 48th and
text: 7th right by the church.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Get outta here. I was on 43rd and
text: 4th right by the other church.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: We used to go to the public pool
text: before it became a parking lot.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Get outta here. I went there every
dialog: summer we weren't with my aunt at
dialog: Greenwood Lake.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I bet we ran in similar circles.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Isn’t that funny?
text: She laughs.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Well, maybe before I leave town, we
dialog: can have lunch with the girls.
text: Marnie stops, frozen, unable to breathe.
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: Or there's this Holocaust museum
dialog: I’ve been meaning to check out.
dialog: Have you been to the Holocaust
dialog: museum?
text: Marnie finally exhales, flustered, and starts piling food on
text: her plate.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, yeah, no, I can’t, I’ve got so
dialog: much to do, settling into my
dialog: apartment, getting all my papers in
dialog: order, plus I’m just about to start
dialog: volunteering at the hospital... And
dialog: maybe get into baby-sitting, so...
text: She backs away from him.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (too loud)
dialog: I’ve never been so busy.
text: She puts down the full plate and scuttles away.
speaker_heading: PRE-LAP: BEEP
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: INT. MARNIE’S TOYOTA -- DAY 14
text: Marnie drives while leaving Lori a voicemail, on speaker.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Anyway... I just wanted to tell you
dialog: that I’m on my way to the hospital
dialog: to volunteer. So give me a call
dialog: soon or else I’1ll already be in
dialog: there and it’ll be too hard to
dialog: reach me, okay? Oh and I’ve been
dialog: listening to the best Beyonce song!
text: She turns up the volume, the same Beyonce song we’ve already
text: heard in progress. Marnie holds up the phone for a verse.
dialog: Then lowers it:
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyway, I’m almost at the hospital
dialog: so give me a call. Soon.
dialog: Otherwise I’1ll already be in there.
dialog: Okay. Love you.
text: Marnie hangs up, then turns up the song. When it comes to an
text: end, she starts it over again. It continues:
speaker_heading: OMITTED 15
speaker_heading: OMITTED 16
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL WAITING AREA -- LATER 17
text: Through the double doors, Marnie is frozen, hesitating to
text: come inside. SOMEONE is wheeled outside, opening the doors
text: automatically. Marnie finally walks through.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL WAITING AREA -- LATER 18
text: Marnie sits among the sick and injured, filling out a
text: volunteer form. She writes in her name and address. She
text: puts down Lori as her emergency contact. She stops at
dialog: marital status, unsure what to write.
text: A HOMELESS WOMAN (40s) coughs loudly across from her. Marnie
text: looks up and gives a polite smile.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS WOMAN
dialog: The demons are chasing me. With
dialog: their dicks.
dialog: 19
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh. Well, that must be scary.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS WOMAN
dialog: It is. Can you buy me a Sprite?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Sure.
text: Marnie puts down her volunteer form. And makes her way
text: toward the VENDING MACHINES. She weaves in between patients
text: and their ailments. Someone coughs. Someone cries.
text: Marnie puts a dollar in the machine, pushes the button, now
text: hearing the TELEVISION playing the NEWS above her.
speaker_heading: FEMALE NEWSCASTER (ON TV)
dialog: ... Within ten miles of where the
dialog: skeletal remains were found.
dialog: Police suspect this could be the
dialog: work of a serial killer that's been
dialog: targeting young women in the area
dialog: since 2005...
speaker_heading: HOMELESS WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Can I get my Sprite?
text: Marnie jumps, startled, as the homeless woman takes the soda
text: and disappears. Marnie looks around at all the people in
text: need and starts backing away from them all, panicked.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Excuse me, Sorry....
text: She quickly bursts out of the hospital doors.
scene_heading: INT. LORI’S HOUSE -- MORNING 19
text: Marnie unlocks the door with a key, holding a brown bag.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Lori?
text: There’s no answer. Marnie greets the dogs, then rounds the
text: corner, into the bedroom --
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t you get the mail anymore?
text: Lori screams from inside the shower. Then pokes around the
dialog: shower curtain.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Jesus, Mom, I was shaving. You
dialog: need to ring the fucking doorbell.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: But I have the key.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Well, what if I had company?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Who? Jacob?
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: No. Who told you that?
text: Marnie looks at the TV. A TEEN SOAP plays, MUTED. ON TV:
text: HANDSOME ACTOR (30s) charms a PRETTY ACTRESS (20s).
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Your friends at the baby shower.
text: Lori disappears behind the curtain again.
speaker_heading: LORI (0.S.)
dialog: Please don’t talk to my friends,
dialog: okay? They’re not my friends. And
dialog: you’re not supposed to plus one
dialog: when there isn’t a one to plus.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, you never told me if you were
dialog: going or not. Did you get my
dialog: message about the serial killer?
dialog: He’s been all over Southern
text: California, targeting young women.
speaker_heading: LORI (0.S.)
dialog: Well, we should be fine then.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Maybe we should have a system in
dialog: place, like if you let me know
dialog: every time you’re leaving the house
dialog: and then text me when you get home.
speaker_heading: LORI (0.S.)
dialog: That’s crazy.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Just until the guy is caught. And
dialog: if you ever run into him, remember
dialog: “Eyes, Throat, Crotch.”
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: LORI (0.S.)
dialog: Mom, maybe you shouldn’t just drop
dialog: by here all the time.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: But I barely see you.
text: Marnie looks at Lori’s computer and does a quick scan of
text: Lori’s SEARCH HISTORY. In reverse order:
dialog: Jacob Mailer girlfriend 2015 > Jacob Mailer girlfriend >
dialog: Jacob Mailer > weird color stool > green stool > least
dialog: painful suicide > how much valium does it take to kill
dialog: yourself > adoption agencies LA > adoption
speaker_heading: LORI (0.S.)
dialog: I just have a ton of work to do.
dialog: And it requires a lot of research.
text: Lori shuts off the faucet. Marnie quickly moves away from
text: the computer and sits on the bed as Lori wraps herself ina
text: robe and steps out. They look at each other.
speaker_heading: LORI (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m just saying, I’m in no shape to
dialog: be entertaining right now. I don’t
dialog: have any good stories.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Is there anything you want to talk
dialog: about?
text: Lori rushes into the living room. Marnie follows.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Didn't you hear what I just said?
dialog: What I need to do is write, okay?
dialog: This is my office. This is my
dialog: desk.
dialog: (gesturing to couch)
dialog: These are my coworkers.
dialog: (gesturing to dogs)
dialog: If I was in a real office, you
dialog: wouldn’t just come in and sit on my
dialog: desk and pet my coworkers, would
dialog: you?
text: Marnie tries to answer correctly.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: No?
text: Lori takes a breath.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I've been talking to my therapist
dialog: about it and I think we need to
dialog: establish... certain... boundaries.
text: Marnie tries to hide how much this hurts.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Sure. I get it. You need to work.
dialog: I‘1l get out of your office.
text: Marnie starts out. Lori feels guilty immediately.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: You don’t have to leave right now.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: No, it’s fine. Wouldn't want to
dialog: cross peoples’ boundaries.
scene_heading: 20 INT. THERAPIST’S OFFICE -- LATER 20
text: Marnie sits across from DIANE (40s) perched in a papasan
text: chair. Next to her, a desk and a RABBIT in a cage.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: And I just think she’s never gonna
dialog: get over him if she keeps giving
dialog: him what he wants. You know? And
dialog: I think she’d feel better if she at
dialog: least, you know, tried to get over
text: him, but she just seems so angry
dialog: all the time... I mean, you’ve been
dialog: seeing her for awhile, did she
dialog: always seem so angry?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: I just don’t want her to hurt
dialog: herself or anything, I mean, has
dialog: she talked to you about that? I’m
dialog: not saying I want to know anything,
dialog: I just hope that if she’s talking
dialog: to you, she’s talking to you about
dialog: the right stuff and that, you know,
dialog: you tell her not to hurt herself or
dialog: anything. And that she should quit
dialog: smoking grass. I mean, I know
text: she’s in some stage of grief or
dialog: something....
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: And what about you?
dialog: 21
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: What about me?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: How do you feel?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, I feel like she should find
dialog: other ways to make herself feel
dialog: better besides marijuana.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I mean, how do you feel since your
dialog: husband died?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh. Well, of course I get sad.
dialog: But I don’t think I’m as stressed
dialog: as Lori is cause I don’t have to
dialog: worry about a career or money. I
dialog: mean, Joey left me set for life, so
dialog: really I can do anything. Like
dialog: when I go to an action movie, I
dialog: always buy three tickets. One for
dialog: me, one for Joe and one for my
dialog: mother, and I don’t have to worry
dialog: about it. I mean, I spend a lot of
dialog: time by myself and sometimes I
dialog: don’t really know what to do with
dialog: the hours in the day so I call
dialog: Lori, but it’s not like she really
dialog: wants my advice or like I have
dialog: anything important to say...
dialog: (adrift, then)
dialog: But basically I feel fine. I love
dialog: my apartment. And of course you
dialog: can't beat this weather. I mean,
dialog: who doesn’t love The Grove? It’s
dialog: like living on Main Street in
dialog: Disneyland.
text: Marnie smiles. Diane reaches for her notepad.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. PALAZZO APARTMENTS -- VARIOUS 21
text: -- Marnie unlocks the front door and locks it behind her.
text: -- Marnie spruces the dead bonsai out on the balcony, trying
dialog: to bring it back to life.
text: -- Marnie does a Sudoku puzzle on her phone.
text: -- Marnie leaves another message after the beep.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Anyway, let me know that you got in
dialog: safe. Oh and remind me to tell you
dialog: what your therapist said.
text: -- Marnie makes a single cup of decaf, while watching TV;
text: more about the serial killer called “Red Ripper”. Marnie
text: tsks at the gruesome crime photos.
text: -- Marnie takes forever to send Lori a text “Cl me”. The
dialog: history of texts is very one-sided.
text: -- Marnie falls asleep in bed next to her iPhone playing
text: sounds of the ocean. The ceiling fan spins above Marnie.
scene_heading: FADE TO: BLACK
scene_heading: 22 INT. BLD RESTAURANT -- NIGHT 22
text: Marnie and Lori sit across from each other, both dressed in
text: black, surrounded by Valentine’s Day decorations.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: It’s so good to see you out of the
dialog: house. And for such a nice
dialog: occasion.
text: Lori reaches for her drink. Marnie reaches for the bread.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mmmmm... Pretzel bread reminds me
dialog: of my father. Well... pretzels.
dialog: (then, to Heaven)
dialog: And I got risotto for Daddy.
text: Lori downs her drink. Marnie munches.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: If Daddy saw me eating like this,
dialog: you know what he’d say...
dialog: (bad Italian accent)
dialog: “Marnie, you're killing yourself.”
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: (trying to be funny)
dialog: Well, you got the last laugh.
text: Marnie smiles, but doesn’t laugh. Lori clears her throat.
speaker_heading: LORI (CONT'D)
dialog: So... listen, I have to go to New
dialog: York for a few weeks. To shoot the
dialog: pilot.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: New York? Why?
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Well, cause the show is set there,
dialog: so it’s actually a good thing. But
dialog: I wanted to tell you that I’m not
dialog: gonna be reachable, like, at all,
dialog: for a few weeks. Like someone else
dialog: will be holding my phone for me.
dialog: But I was thinking at the end of
dialog: it, maybe you could come visit the
dialog: set and we can finally think about
dialog: getting a headstone for Dad. Or at
dialog: least maybe figure out what to do
dialog: with his ashes....
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Sure, we can talk about all that
dialog: before you go. There’s no rush.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Well, I leave tomorrow.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Tomorrow?
dialog: (sinking in)
dialog: That’s really soon.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I know. But if you want to come
dialog: over after dinner and help me pack
dialog: and maybe even crash so you could
dialog: take me to the airport in the
dialog: morning, that’d be fun....
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, of course, but are you sure
dialog: you don’t want me to come with you?
dialog: I could be like your assistant.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: (quick)
dialog: No. No, if anything I’d need you
text: here. Watching the house and
dialog: taking care of your grand-dogs.
text: Marnie sighs.
speaker_heading: LORI (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s my job, Mom.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: No, of course. You're right.
dialog: That’s great news.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: It is. And it’s really good timing
dialog: for me, you know? I can get out of
dialog: town and be busy and finally take
dialog: my mind off things.
text: Marnie suddenly gasps.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Jacob.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Exactly--
text: Then Lori follows Marnie’s wide eyes to see JACOB (30s), the
text: handsome actor we recognize from TV. He comes toward them,
text: holding hands with a VERY TALL GIRL (20s). SOMEONE stops
text: him/them for a picture. They finally reach the table.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Hey, you two.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Hey. You two.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Hey, Marnie.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Jacob, good to see you. I never
dialog: had anything bad to say about you.
text: Marnie looks down, trying not to say things.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: (to Lori)
dialog: You know Elise.
scene_heading: VERY TALL GIRL
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Yeah.
text: They stand there awkwardly for a second.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Well, we don’t want to interrupt
dialog: your girl time.
dialog: 23
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Oh no it’s fine. We’re just doing
text: a drive-by before I head out later.
dialog: I just didn’t want her to have to
dialog: spend Valentine’s Day alone.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: And I didn’t want her to be alone.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I’m not alone.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: That's right. We're here together.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Until later. And then I’m with
dialog: other people.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I thought I was sleeping over.
scene_heading: VERY TALL GIRL
dialog: Aw, that’s so cute. I wish my mom
dialog: and I were that close.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, well, maybe when you get older.
scene_heading: INT. LORI’S HOUSE -- NIGHT 23
text: Lori charges in and slams the door behind her. The door then
text: opens and Marnie walks inside, shutting it again.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: What would make you happy?
text: Lori flops onto the couch.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: If I could be stuffed into a cannon
text: and shot into space.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Should we go get milkshakes?
text: Lori screams into a pillow.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Why don’t we go to a waterpark this
dialog: week?
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I’m going to kill myself.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Don’t say that.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I can’t live here anymore, Mom.
dialog: There’s no safe place. My TV is
dialog: haunted. My job is make believe.
dialog: And just when I wanted to hit the
dialog: eject button, you move here.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: It means, I tried to book a session
dialog: with my therapist to talk about my
dialog: mother, and I couldn’t. Because my
dialog: mother was there.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You said maybe I should talk to her
dialog: after Daddy died. So?
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Don’t you understand that eighty
dialog: percent of the time my phone rings,
dialog: it’s you? The phone rings, and I
dialog: think it could be a guy or a friend
dialog: or a job and it’s my mother.
dialog: Almost every single time. Do you
dialog: understand how terrible that makes
dialog: me feel?
text: Marnie blinks, stung.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, I could call you less. Like
dialog: if I don’t hear back from you, I
dialog: could just text you.
text: Lori suddenly breaks down, sobbing. Marnie goes to her.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I’m never gonna get over him.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: How can I help? What can I do?
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Nothing.
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 24.
text: Lori pulls out her phone and starts texting.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Who are you texting? Don’t act
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Mom, I need to have sex with
dialog: someone else, and you can’t be here
dialog: for it.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Okay, just not with Jacob.
text: Lori's body explodes, shoving Marnie out of her room.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Please, Mom, I can’t do this
dialog: anymore. I need to get a life of
dialog: my own, okay? And so do you.
text: Lori slams the door. Marnie sighs. A sad beat, then Lori
text: talks from the other side of the door.
speaker_heading: LORI (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I still need a ride to the airport.
scene_heading: INT. MARNIE’S TOYOTA -- MORNING 24
text: Marnie drives, Lori is quiet in the passenger seat. They
text: make their way up to the terminal.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Do you have everything?
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I have no idea.
text: Lori kisses Marnie on the head, then drags out two suitcases,
text: shutting the door behind her. Marnie watches her daughter
text: until she gets safely inside. Then she slowly pulls away.
text: We stay with Marnie as she drives ahead. The silence is
text: deafening. Marnie quickly turns on Beyonce, humming along.
text: She reaches for her phone. About to call Lori. Then.... She
text: puts the phone down. Both hands on the wheel. Determined.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL -- DAY 25
text: Marnie stands in the hospital hallway staring at a sign.
text: “Volunteer Center” to the left. “Gift Shop” to the right.
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: INT. GIFT SHOP -- MOMENTS LATER 26
text: Marnie strolls though the gift shop, scanning the different
text: stuffed animals. She decides on a STUFFED BUNNY. Its goofy
text: face makes her smile.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL -- LATER 27
text: Marnie strolls the halls with the stuffed bunny, trying to
text: walk tall. There’s a LOUD BEEPING. Nurses rush through with
text: an emergency. Marnie starts to look uneasy.
text: Up ahead, a MAN IN A GOWN (60s) dragging his IV. He’s coming
text: toward her. As he gets closer and closer to her, she turns
text: away, pushing through a door --
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM -- CONTINUOUS 28
text: Marnie ducks into the room and shuts the door behind her, the
text: noise of the hospital hallway is muffled. She looks up to
text: see an OLD WOMAN (80s), lying in bed, mouth agape, no
text: visitors. Something next to her is beeping.
text: Marnie takes a few small steps up to the hospital bed.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Hi. Hello.
text: She leans over to see some wires twisted under the woman’s
text: twisted arm. Marnie reaches down and fixes the wires, moving
text: her arm into a more comfortable position. The beeping stops.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Is anyone here with you?
text: The old woman slowly raises her arm. Her finger extends,
text: pointing. Marnie lowers her arm, placing the stuffed bunny
text: in her hand.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Here. I’11 get someone.
text: Marnie slowly backs away and out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL HALLWAY -- CONTINUOUS 29
text: Marnie quickly finds a NURSE (40s).
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Excuse me, the woman in 142, I
dialog: don’t know if she’s in pain. Could
dialog: you just?
text: The nurse walks off toward the woman’s room. Marnie watches,
text: feeling proud of herself, a smile curling on her face, as she
text: continues down the hall.
text: PRE-LAP: A doorbell.
scene_heading: EXT. LAUREL CANYON HOME -- DAY 30
text: The brunette from the baby shower, JILLIAN, opens the door to
dialog: see Marnie.
speaker_heading: BRUNETTE/ JILLIAN
dialog: Marnie? What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You said you needed a baby-sitter.
text: Marnie holds up a brown bag.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I brought bagels.
scene_heading: INT. LAUREL CANYON HOME -- LATER 31
text: Jillian cuts up a salt bagel for her daughter, TEHYA (4 years
dialog: old).
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: I swear, I’m like the only one of
dialog: my friends without full-time help.
dialog: And in this town, it literally cost
dialog: more than my salary to hire a
dialog: decent nanny. So I quit. And now
dialog: I’m home all day. All day, every
dialog: day. Isn’t that right, Tehya?
text: Tehya screams.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You could go into the nanny
dialog: business.
text: Jillian looks at Marnie and cracks up, laughing.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Oh my god. That’s like the
dialog: funniest thing ever said, ever.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: No wonder Lori’s so funny. Well,
dialog: not anymore, but....
text: Marnie reaches out to Tehya, but she runs off to the other
text: side of the room to eat her bagel.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s just nobody ever tells you how
dialog: lonely it is. Like some days, I
dialog: don’t think I talk to another grown
dialog: person the entire day. Like by the
dialog: time Dani gets home, I can’t even
dialog: turn off the baby talk.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, that’s normal.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: But just think, someday you and
dialog: Tehya will be having like real
dialog: conversations... You could talk
dialog: about everything. Like me and
dialog: Lori.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Yeah. You're right. I don’t know
dialog: why I worry so much like I’m not
dialog: doing it right. Like at any moment
dialog: I’m gonna do the thing that gives
text: her a body complex or a foot
dialog: fetish.... I don’t know. I lost my
dialog: mom when I was young so... I’m
dialog: kinda flying blind.
text: Jillian lets out a laugh. Marnie stops.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, yeah. Lori said something
dialog: about that, I’m sorry.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Well, anytime you need a baby-
dialog: sitter, you can call on me.
text: Jillian smiles.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Lori's lucky to have you so close.
dialog: If she ever has kids. My dad
dialog: couldn’t even fly in for my fake
dialog: wedding. I had to walk myself down
dialog: the aisle.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Aw. Why was your wedding fake?
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Because. It was at City Hall and
dialog: we had just found out that the
dialog: adoption had gone through and I
dialog: told myself that I didn’t care
dialog: about having a special day. I just
dialog: wanted a quickie wedding and we'd
dialog: have a real wedding sometime after
dialog: we got Tehya home. But then I
dialog: thought it'd be so selfish to spend
dialog: any of the money I’d spend on her
dialog: on having a special day, so....
text: Marnie looks at Tehya who is slamming a toy phone on the
text: opposite side of the room.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: What about Danny? Is he working?
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: She.
text: Marnie tries not to react. If anything, it’s a thrill.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, Dani’s a chef at Bouchon, but
dialog: she’s like fifth in line and she
dialog: works crazy hours.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: She does....
text: The wheels are turning in Marnie’s head.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, what if I gave you the money?
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: What?
text: Marnie turns back to her.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, I can gift a certain amount
dialog: of money to a person per year
dialog: without having to pay taxes. I
dialog: mean, I don’t know if it’s enough
dialog: to make the wedding of your dreams
dialog: but... thirteen thousand dollars?
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Marnie, that’s crazy.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: What’s crazy? I have it. You need
dialog: it. Can't have it sitting there.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: You should save it. Spend it on
dialog: yourself. I mean, wouldn’t Lori be
dialog: upset?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Why? She’s not getting married.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: I just... I mean, why would you
dialog: want to do that?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Cause. It sounds romantic. Like
dialog: renewing your vows. Joe and I
dialog: talked about that. I mean, who
dialog: doesn’t love love?
text: Jillian bursts into tears and leaps into Marnie’s arms.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Oh my God, this is so totally
dialog: amazing. Of course you’re gonna be
dialog: in on all the planning.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, only as much as you’d want...
dialog: What do you think you’1l want?
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Oh I don’t know, nothing
dialog: extravagant.... Dani was in the
dialog: Navy, so... maybe it could be a
dialog: nautical theme?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Yes. You could wear a sailor dress
dialog: and she could wear her uniform.
dialog: Like Officer and a Gentleman.
dialog: (she gasps)
dialog: You could do it on a submarine.
text: CLOSE on Marnie’s face. More excited than the “bride-to-be.”
dialog: 32
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: INT. APPLE STORE -- DAY 32
text: Freddy helps Marnie look up things on an iPad.
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: I don’t see any submarines for
dialog: rent. But there are a bunch of
text: boats at the yacht club in Marina
dialog: Del Rey.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: And you can rent ‘em out for a
dialog: party?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Looks like it.
text: Marnie magnifies the screen, squinting at the boat image.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh Freddy, you really are a genius.
text: Freddy smiles. Marnie squints at the boat price.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Jeez, ten thousand dollars for just
dialog: the venue?
text: Marnie clicks a few buttons.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: God, I really should get one of
dialog: these for my daughter. Could you
dialog: ring me up another iPad?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Sure.
text: Freddy smiles at her generosity. Then:
speaker_heading: FREDDY (CONT'D)
dialog: So I decided to take your advice.
text: She looks up.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You’re gonna be a lawyer?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Well, no, but... I’m gonna go back
dialog: to school. Well, night school.
dialog: Maybe engineering or programming,
dialog: see how far I get. And work’ll pay
dialog: for my classes, so...
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, Freddy. You took my advice.
text: Marnie looks at him, smiling, proud, marveling.
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Yeah. Now I just have to figure
dialog: out my work schedule. And the bus
dialog: schedule.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You don’t have a car?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Well, my mom uses it for work.
dialog: It’s okay, I like taking the bus.
dialog: You get to meet a lot of freaky
dialog: people....
text: Marnie doesn’t like the sound of that.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I could take you. When is it?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I’m in the neighborhood. Plus,
dialog: you're always helping me out here.
dialog: It'd be my way of paying you back.
text: She hands him her credit card. He swipes it.
dialog: 31.
dialog: Then:
dialog: She slides it
text: back in her rubber-banded stack of cards. We see her
text: husband's driver’s license on top of the pile.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: We wouldn’t have to take the
dialog: freeway, would we?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: We can avoid it.
dialog: (then)
dialog: But are you sure? It’s pretty
dialog: late.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: It’s okay.
text: She stares at the image of the boat.
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t sleep much.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MARINA DEL REY HARBOR -- DAY 33
text: The boat from the picture stares back at Marnie.
scene_heading: INT. BOAT -- LATER 34
text: Marnie snaps pictures with her iPhone of every crevice of the
text: boat's insides, trying to get just the right angles. She
dialog: texts Jillian way too many pictures.
scene_heading: INT. FLORIST -- LATER 35
text: Marnie browses the different flowers, thinking of the
text: centerpiece possibilities. She takes pictures of various
text: flowers with her iPhone. She pays for an assorted bunch.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINA DEL REY STREET -- LATER 36
text: Marnie walks with the bouquet of flowers. A HOMELESS MAN
text: (40s) is begging for change against a brick wall. Marnie
text: stops in front of him, digging in her pocket for loose
text: change. She pulls out a twenty and hands it to him.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: cut!
text: A GUY WEARING A HEAD-SET (20s) comes up to Marnie.
scene_heading: GUY IN HEAD-SET
dialog: Are you supposed to be here?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: What?
scene_heading: GUY IN HEAD-SET
dialog: Here.
text: He backs her away from the homeless man.
speaker_heading: GUY IN HEAD-SET (CONT’D)
dialog: On “background” you cross and talk
text: to the woman in the blue hat.
text: Marnie looks up at a WOMAN IN A BLUE HAT (50s). The woman
text: smiles at her.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: GUY IN HEAD-SET (CONT’D)
dialog: (listening to his walkie)
text: Losing the flowers.
text: He takes the flowers away from Marnie and walks off. Marnie
text: looks around to see a CAMERA CREW is filming on this part of
text: the street. And she’s in the middle of it.
speaker_heading: GUY IN HEAD-SET (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay, we’re going again.
text: The “homeless man” pockets the twenty. Marnie is frozen,
dialog: unsure of what’s happening, then:
scene_heading: GUY IN HEAD-SET (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Background!
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Ooh!
text: She quickly crosses to the woman in the blue hat.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Action!
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: (to woman in blue hat)
dialog: Hi, how are you?
scene_heading: WOMAN IN BLUE HAT
dialog: Shhhhh...
text: Marnie stops. The woman mouths words through a smile.
text: Marnie tries to do the same, confused.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Anyway...
scene_heading: CUT TO: LATER
scene_heading: GUY IN HEAD-SET (0.S.)
dialog: Background!
text: Marnie crosses again. This time with more confidence.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: The craziest thing happened, you
dialog: would not believe.... I wandered
text: onto a Hollywood movie set and
dialog: ended up being a part of the
dialog: action. Isn't that wild?
scene_heading: CUT TO: LATER
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 34.
text: Marnie eats lunch with the other extras. She laughs and
text: talks to the woman in the blue hat.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: They say that movie stars aren't
dialog: nice people, but they really are.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET -- DAY/EVENING 37
text: Marnie says good-night to her fellow extras as she walks to
text: the edge of the set. Yellow signs marked TO SET point her
text: back in its direction.
text: As she reaches the perimeter of orange cones, she sees a COP
text: IN UNIFORM (late 50s, too tan) leaning against a motorcycle.
text: He looks up at Marnie and gives a devastating smile.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Half day?
text: He winks. She opens her mouth but nothing comes out. She
text: quickly disappears around the corner and runs to her car.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I don't think I'll go back but I'm
dialog: glad I did it.
scene_heading: INT. MARNIE’S TOYOTA -- NIGHT 38
text: Marnie drives Freddy to school.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Then, three nights a week, I take
dialog: Freddy to his class and we talk the
dialog: whole way.
dialog: (then, to Freddy)
text: He scalps his victims while they’re
text: still alive and then he eats their
dialog: brains.
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Sick.
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT -- DAY 39
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: And I've been having a great time
dialog: doing wedding planning with what's
dialog: her name.
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
dialog: 35.
text: Marnie uncovers Jillian's eyes, showing her the boat.
text: Jillian gasps, excitedly. She pulls Marnie in and they walk
text: down the ramp together.
scene_heading: INT. FANCY BAKERY -- DAY 40
text: Marnie and Jillian taste different cakes.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
text: She seems really excited and loves
dialog: all my ideas...
speaker_heading: MARNIE JILLIAN
dialog: Definitely the chocolate. The coconut.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: That’s true. A lot of people are
dialog: allergic to chocolate.
text: Jillian smiles at Marnie. Marnie smiles back.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM -- DAY 41
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: And I've been really getting into
text: volunteering at the hospital.
text: Marnie chats up a HANDSOME DOCTOR (30s) as he checks the old
dialog: woman’s chart.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: You should come down here with me
text: sometime and meet the staff.
dialog: (to the doctor)
dialog: Oh, you’re not married? That’s
dialog: funny. My daughter’s not married.
scene_heading: EXT. LORI’S HOUSE -- DAY 42
text: In the backyard, Marnie feeds Lori’s dogs, phone under her
text: chin, pacing.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Anyway, just wanted to let you know
dialog: I've been keeping busy with my own
dialog: stuff and basically I feel great,
dialog: so give me a call. I just want to
dialog: hear that you’re safe and sound and
dialog: hopefully you’re not thinking about
dialog: Jacob too much...
dialog: 36.
text: BEEP. CALL WAITING.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (INTO PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, is that you?
text: Marnie clicks over.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: ITALIAN MAN (0.S.)
dialog: Marnie, is that you?
text: Marnie stops. For a moment, the voice is too familiar. The
dialog: Italian accent is strong.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN MAN (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s Tony. I’m here with Cos and
dialog: Dominic and we all wanted to say
dialog: hi. Here, talk to Dom.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ITALIAN MAN (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, Marnie. How are you?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Hi, Dom. How you feeling?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ITALIAN MAN (0.S.)
dialog: Are you coming back to Jersey for
dialog: Joe's anniversary?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh. Yeah. Uh... I don’t know if I
dialog: can come on the actual day, but
dialog: I’ve been meaning to visit, so as
dialog: soon as I’m settled, I’ll get ona
dialog: flight and come see you guys. You
dialog: feeling good? How’s Angie?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ITALIAN MAN (0.S.)
dialog: She’s good. You want to talk to
dialog: her?
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Angie!
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, that’s okay, if she’s busy....
text: Each Italian accent is thicker than the last.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: (taking phone)
dialog: Marnie, where are you? When are
dialog: you coming to visit?
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Hi, Ang. Soon, yeah. I just...
dialog: can’t right now. I actually have a
dialog: lot on my plate.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Have you thought about what kind a
dialog: headstone you want to get for Joe?
dialog: We were talking and Tony thought it
dialog: should have a quote on it....
speaker_heading: ITALIAN MAN (0.S.)
dialog: Sinatra.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Well, of course, Sinatra, but
dialog: should it be “My Way”....
speaker_heading: ITALIAN MAN (0.S.)
dialog: Of course it should be “My Way”....
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ITALIAN MAN (0.S.)
dialog: Why wouldn’t it be “My Way”....
text: Marnie’s head spins.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You know, I’m actually so busy
dialog: planning this wedding right now
dialog: and... dog-sitting... and I have to
dialog: drive a friend of mine somewhere,
dialog: so.... Oh shoot, Ang, there’s a
dialog: problem with something, I have to
dialog: go fix it, can I call you back?
dialog: I’1l1 call you back.
text: Marnie quickly hangs up. She stands there in silence,
text: watching her daughter’s dogs finish their dinner.
scene_heading: INT. JILLIAN’S HOUSE -- DAY 43
text: Marnie sits with Jillian, little Tehya, and the blonde woman
text: from the baby shower, ELAINE. Marnie seems distracted, lost
text: in thought, as they sift through online footage of various
dialog: wedding bands.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Unless you want like to spend a
dialog: million bucks, bands suck. They
dialog: just suck.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: My sister had this Police cover
dialog: band for her wedding. It hada
dialog: lady singer.
text: Elaine shows Jillian the band photo on her phone.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: She’s too pretty.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Maybe a DJ is more fun cause then
dialog: you get to hear the real people
dialog: sing the songs. Or what if you got
text: a karaoke machine and then
dialog: everybody just gets up throughout
dialog: the celebration to sing dedicated
dialog: songs to you?
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: No... you have to get a band.
text: Tehya wanders up to Marnie. Marnie immediately shifts her
text: attention to playing with Tehya.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: I don’t know. The venue is already
dialog: so expensive. Maybe we should just
dialog: pare this down. Stop all this
dialog: planning. We don’t even have to
dialog: meet up really.... We can do most
dialog: of this over the phone--
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: No.
text: Jillian turns to Marnie.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean... what if we start off by
text: having a string quartet play when
dialog: you come down the aisle? Then we
dialog: have a DJ playing records while
dialog: everybody eats. We get a kick-ass
dialog: band for the big dance party, spare
dialog: no expense. And, it might be fun
text: to have a four-piece playing at the
text: front of the boat the entire night.
dialog: Like in “Titanic”.
text: Jillian looks at her, overwhelmed.
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on. This could be the only
dialog: wedding I get to be a part of. I
dialog: say we blow it out.
text: Marnie puts her hand out. Jillian beams. She puts her hand
text: on Marnie’s hand. And they start laughing. Elaine puts her
text: hand in the mix too. And they all squeal and scream.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: And we know who the flower girl is!
text: They all tickle Tehya. Tehya laughs with glee. The sound of
text: a FOUR-PIECE takes us to:
scene_heading: EXT. THE GROVE -- NIGHT 44
text: Marnie strides happily through the empty square toward the
text: well-lit harbor of the Apple Store.
scene_heading: INT. APPLE STORE -- MOMENTS LATER 45
text: She walks up to the Genius Bar. The door in back bursts
text: open. Freddy emerges, still buttoning his shirt, flustered.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You okay?
text: He hurries out of the store. She quickly follows.
scene_heading: INT. MARNIE’S TOYOTA -- LATER 46
text: Marnie drives, Freddy is quiet next to her. Beyonce plays.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You don’t have to say anything if
dialog: you don’t want to. Is it a problem
dialog: with work?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: He just always does this to me.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Your boss?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: No. My brother. He sends me an
dialog: email, saying he wants to see me.
dialog: I’m not even talking to him and
dialog: he’s still telling me what to do.
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Why aren't you talking to him?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Cause he’s always getting me in
dialog: trouble, man. Ever since we were
dialog: kids. It’s like as soon as I get
text: something good going, he tries to
dialog: wreck it.
dialog: (frustrated sound)
dialog: He bailed me out one time and I’ve
dialog: been paying for it ever since.
text: She pulls over OUTSIDE OF THE SCHOOL.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You know, Freddy, sometimes I think
text: it looks like a person doesn’t care
dialog: as much, but really they’re just
dialog: not as strong as you.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I bet it'd make your mother happy
dialog: if you gave him another chance.
text: Freddy exhales, really listening.
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Yeah, okay.
text: He starts out.
speaker_heading: FREDDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks.
text: He shuts the door and walks off to class. Marnie looks
text: pleased with her advice. She waits until he gets safely
text: inside, then pulls away, smiling.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL GIFT SHOP -- DAY 47
text: CLOSE ON: Marnie stocking up on stuffed animals.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM -- LATER 48
text: Marnie shows the old woman a stuffed bear. The old woman
text: smiles. Marnie puts the giraffe under one of the woman's
text: arm. Marnie shows her a stuffed elephant. And a bird.
text: With each toy, the old woman smiles as much as she can.
text: Marnie laughs as she places them all around the old woman's
text: head and throughout the room.
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. BRIDAL SHOP -- DAY
text: Marnie is still smiling, as she’s handed a glass of
dialog: 41.
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
text: champagne. Jillian is in the dressing room, while Marnie
text: sits with, Emily, Elaine, the curly-haired woman AKA TRISH
text: (30s), and TWO OTHER BRIDESMAIDS.
speaker_heading: TRISH
dialog: I just don’t look good in
text: strapless.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: I don’t look good in anything.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
text: A wrap dress looks good on
dialog: everyone.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: So how many bridesmaids are there
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Well, it’s me, Emily, Trish, Stacy,
dialog: Casey... Katie M., Katie P.,
dialog: Molly... Gina, Amy, Fern... Windy,
dialog: and... who am I forgetting? Lori.
text: If she’s even in town.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: She'll be in town.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Are you sure? Cause the dresses
dialog: are color coordinated and we need
dialog: an odd number.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: She'll be in town. I’11 make sure.
speaker_heading: TRISH
dialog: Did you really book Blues Traveler?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: The guy with the harmonica? Oh
dialog: yeah, he’s fantastic.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN (0.8.)
dialog: Okay, you guys....
dialog: 42.
text: Jillian emerges in a couture wedding gown. The women all go
dialog: crazy.
speaker_heading: TRISH
dialog: Oh that is it!
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: I could murder you.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: You have seriously never looked
dialog: skinnier.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Well, don’t fall in love with it,
dialog: because I’m not gonna get this
dialog: exact dress. I’m gonna copy it and
dialog: buy cheaper fabric and have it made
dialog: for half the cost.
text: A STORE EMPLOYEE (20s) hears this and rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, Jillian.
text: Marnie stands and comes towards her.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You really look beautiful.
text: They look in the mirror together.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you love it?
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Well, of course, but....
text: RIP. Marnie rips the price-tag off of the dress. The women
text: all gasp. Then Jillian jumps up and down. A flurry of girls
text: screaming, then the women all envelop Marnie in a huge hug.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: My mom was my birth mother, but
dialog: would you be my Earth mother?
text: The other women surround them in a group hug. The store
text: employee joins in.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: My mom’s not dead but will you be
dialog: mine too?
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: TRISH
dialog: Mine too!
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, you girls!
text: They jump together in a circle, squealing and screaming.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Anyway....
scene_heading: INT. JILLIAN’S HOUSE -- DAY 51
text: Marnie and Jillian huddle around an iPad on a Crate &
text: Barrel's bridal registry. Marnie helps Jillian click on
dialog: different items.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I just wanted to make sure that
dialog: you're gonna be back in time for
dialog: what's her name's wedding. I don't
dialog: think you're gonna want to miss it.
scene_heading: EXT. GROVE -- DAY 52
text: Marnie walks with Crate & Barrel bags full of everything on
dialog: Jillian's list.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: It's gonna be the party of the
dialog: century. So hopefully you don't
dialog: have to do reshoots or whatever.
scene_heading: INT. MARNIE’S TOYOTA -- LATER 53
text: The car is filled with Crate & Barrel shopping bags. Marnie
text: shouts into her hands-free cell, on speaker.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Anyway, I hope you're having a good
dialog: time.
text: Marnie spots a YELLOW SIGN on a telephone pole: TO SET! She
text: immediately follows the sign’s arrow.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm kind of dying to hear about
dialog: everything. I miss you....
text: Suddenly, a RIGHT ARROW. TO SET! Marnie tries to change
text: lanes, looking over her shoulder--
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: But basically I feel fine, so give
dialog: me a call or don’t if you can’t--
text: CRUNCH! Marnie looks up to see she has crashed her Toyota
text: into the back of the car in front of her. She reaches for
dialog: her cell.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: «.. Okay, love you.
text: She hangs up.
scene_heading: EXT. THERAPIST’S OFFICE -- DAY 54
text: Marnie gets dropped off in a TAXI CAB.
scene_heading: INT. THERAPIST’S OFFICE -- LATER 55
text: Marnie sits across from Lori’s therapist again, surrounded by
text: the Crate & Barrel shopping bags.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: And then I realized that Freddy
dialog: doesn’t have anyone to help him
dialog: with his studying. So I found out
dialog: what classes he’s taking and what
dialog: books they're using at the school
dialog: and I found them on Amazon for half
dialog: the price, so... you know, I could
text: help him with his studying.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: And why do you think you're helping
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Freddy? Well... he lives in a poor
dialog: neighborhood and his mother works
dialog: full time and all he really wants
dialog: is an education.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: And what about Jillian?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, she didn’t get to have a
dialog: proper lesbian wedding and I have
dialog: the money so I figured, well, I
dialog: could do that.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: What’s Jillian’s last name?
text: Marnie stops, giving it real thought.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I think it starts with aG. Ora
dialog: K. It’s definitely a consonant.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: A consonant?
text: Marnie looks at the rabbit in the cage on the desk. The
text: rabbit looks back.
speaker_heading: DIANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Marnie, do you think there’s some
dialog: part of you that feels guilty that
dialog: you have your husband’s money?
dialog: Like you received this consolation
dialog: prize that you don’t know what to
dialog: do with? Or is there a part of you
dialog: that thinks that maybe money is the
dialog: way to save everybody? Or possibly
dialog: even a way to stay in peoples’
dialog: lives and be needed? And maybe
dialog: your relationship with Freddy and
dialog: Jillian is all a way of replacing
dialog: your own daughter and husband?
text: Marnie looks at her.
scene_heading: 56 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM -- DAY 56
text: Marnie fluffs the many stuffed animals around the old woman.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: (scoffing)
dialog: And I told her, I said, I don’t
dialog: need to replace anybody. And why
dialog: should I feel guilty for Joe's
dialog: money? He came from nothing and
dialog: worked his whole life for it. He
dialog: would've wanted me to put it to
dialog: good use. Like Cinderella.
text: Bippity-boppity-boo. But she just
dialog: kept saying all this stuff and
dialog: asking all the questions. And I
dialog: was like, you’re a therapist,
dialog: aren’t you supposed to listen?
text: Marnie then fluffs the pillow under the woman’s head. She
text: looks up at Marnie, grateful.
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, this hospital is one of
dialog: the best in the country. My
dialog: husband died here, so you’re in
dialog: really good hands.
text: The woman slowly raises her arm and points her finger at
text: Marnie. Marnie looks at it.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: ET phone home?
text: Marnie smiles and puts her finger on the woman’s finger. The
text: woman begins to make small half circles again, tracing the
text: sky. Marnie’s finger moves with it.
text: The old woman’s eyes are fixated on Marnie, but she’s
text: stirring inside, trapped in her body. Marnie looks back,
text: also stirring.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 57
scene_heading: INT. PARKING GARAGE -- DAY 58
text: Marnie looks at her empty parking space. Then turns to the
text: car parked in front of it, under the tarp. She walks to it
text: and rather unceremoniously pulls off the tarp.
text: She steps back. And the ceremony takes over.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES -- LATER 59
text: Marnie drives the sunny streets in Joe’s shiny, two-door,
text: cherry-red Lexus convertible, palm trees reflected in the
dialog: glass.
scene_heading: INT. JOE’S CAR -- CONTINUOUS 60
text: She pushes a button. And the top goes down. She drives
text: towards the sunset, wind in her hair, Beyonce turned up.
scene_heading: INT. JOE’S CAR -- NIGHT 61
text: Grove parking lot. Marnie sits in the parked car, looking at
text: pictures of the bridesmaid dresses on her phone when a text
text: comes through from a 917 number.
dialog: 47.
dialog: It reads: Hey Marnie, I'm in town again. Want 2 get that
dialog: lunch sometime? xo Mark
text: Marnie looks petrified, unsure how to respond when:
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Whoa, look at this. Is this yours?
text: Freddy tosses his backpack in the car.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: No. Well, it was my husband's.
dialog: So, I guess so.
text: Just then, Freddy’s twin, FREDO (20s) appears at his side,
text: wearing a hat, also carrying a backpack.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Got room for one more?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Marnie, this is my brother Fredo.
text: Marnie’s eyes explode with pleasant surprise.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, wow, it’s so nice to meet you.
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: I told him we'd give him a ride
dialog: somewhere, is that okay?
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Actually I have to stop one other
dialog: place first...
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Of course. Any brother of Freddy's
dialog: is a friend of mine.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Shotgun!
scene_heading: 62 INT. JOE’S CAR -- LATER 62
text: Marnie drives, Freddy squeezed in back, Fredo up front.
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: I read the book cover to cover, and
dialog: you were right about that
dialog: memorization technique....
dialog: (then, testing it out)
text: The executive’s legs are juicy.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Ooh, what’s that?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Executive, legislative, judicial.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Very good.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Does this top go down?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Sure.
text: Marnie pushes a button and the top goes down.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Yeah, this is the kind of car I
dialog: need. But I'd paint it black.
dialog: Matte black.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Ooh, that’s an idea.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: (to Freddy)
dialog: Hey, remember when Tre stole that
text: car and it turned out to be a
dialog: hearse? You pissed your pants!
text: Fredo laughs hard. Freddy can’t help but laugh a little.
text: Marnie smiles at them both.
speaker_heading: FREDO (CONT'D)
dialog: This is the place.
text: Marnie pulls the car over. It’s not a great neighborhood.
speaker_heading: FREDO (CONT'D)
dialog: I’1ll be two minutes.
text: Fredo takes his backpack and makes his way to a run-down
text: house. Marnie and Freddy wait.
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Thanks for taking him.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Of course. It’s just nice to see
dialog: the two of you together.
text: They watch as a THUG (20s) opens the door and lets Fredo in.
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: 63A
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: If you guys want, we can stop for
text: ice cream on the way back.
text: Freddy laughs, knowing that’s unlikely.
scene_heading: INT. JOE’S CAR -- LATER 63
text: Marnie, Freddy and Fredo eat ice cream. She drives on.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: .+. Well, by then Freddy lost like
dialog: thirty pounds and the doctors said
dialog: if he didn’t get another kidney
dialog: within three months, the toxins
dialog: would spread through his entire
dialog: body and he’d definitely die.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: I said, “Mom, Freddy’s the smart
dialog: one in the family. I’m not worth
dialog: saving, but he is.”
dialog: (then, to Freddy)
dialog: Show her the scar.
text: Freddy rolls his eyes, then turns around and shows the scar
text: on his lower back. Marnie marvels at Fredo’s generosity.
text: She turns back to Fredo, showing his scar.
speaker_heading: FREDO (CONT'D)
dialog: See, we’re not so different.
text: He points ahead.
speaker_heading: FREDO (CONT'D)
dialog: Here we go.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET/INT. JOE’S CAR -- CONTINUOUS 63A
text: Marnie pulls the car over and Fredo zips up his bag and hops
text: out. Freddy climbs in the front seat.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Thanks, Mrs. M.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: So nice to meet you, Fredo.
dialog: 64
dialog: 50.
text: Freddy shuts the door. Marnie watches Fredo go. He waves.
text: She waves back. He walks toward the seediest house ever.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Isn't it crazy? At one point, you
dialog: were just these little kids who
dialog: looked exactly the same. And now
dialog: look at you.
text: She pulls ahead.
scene_heading: INT. JOE’S CAR -- LATER 64
text: Marnie pulls over in the parking lot of Freddy’s school.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: And what’s the difference between a
dialog: veto and a pocket veto?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: A pocket veto is when the President
dialog: doesn’t sign a bill for ten days
dialog: but Congress can’t overrule it.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You're ready, Freddy.
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Ha. Ready, Freddy.
text: Just then, Freddy reaches down and picks something up off the
text: passenger seat floor, trying to hide it.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What's that?
text: Freddy reluctantly shows her what he’s found. A plastic bag
text: filled with weed. She looks at it, disappointed. Then:
text: ORANGE AND BLUE LIGHTS flash behind them.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh God.
text: A FLASHLIGHT shines on the two of them inside.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Cheese it!
text: She looks at Freddy. He’s panicking.
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: What do we do? What do we do? I
dialog: can’t get in trouble. Not now.
dialog: 65
dialog: 51.
text: A man is coming towards her. Marnie thinks fast. She takes
text: the weed by the handful and turns to Heaven.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Sorry, Joey.
text: Freddy watches as Marnie throws the entire chunk of weed in
text: her mouth and chews it. The man gets closer and closer.
text: Marnie chews faster and faster. He’s at the window. She
text: swallows. He knocks. She lowers the window.
speaker_heading: CAMPUS SECURITY
dialog: Are you alright, ma’am?
text: Marnie looks up at CAMPUS SECURITY (20s). Marnie shakes her
text: head yes. The guy walks away. She looks back at Freddy.
text: Her head starts shaking no. No, no, no.
scene_heading: INT. JOE'S CAR -- LATER 65
text: Still on campus, Marnie drives as slow as humanly possible,
text: Freddy beside her. The drugs move through her system.
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: I am so so sorry, Marnie. I never
dialog: should’ve let him in the car. I
dialog: shouldn't even be talking to him
dialog: again. Damn this stupid kidney!
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Freddy? I’m very something right
dialog: now but when I’m not this we should
dialog: talk about everything, okay?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Okay.
text: She rolls to a stop. Freddy climbs out of the car.
speaker_heading: FREDDY (CONT'D)
dialog: But Marnie?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Yeah, Freddy?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: I am really sorry.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I know, Freddy. I’m gonna get off
dialog: the road now, Freddy.
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 52.
text: He shuts the door. She looks at him for a stoned beat, then
text: pulls away, ever-so-slowly.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GROVE -- LATER THAT NIGHT 66
text: -- Marnie wanders The Grove, stoned out of her mind. The
text: sights. The sounds. Everything is vivid, alive.
text: -- The fountain is more mesmerizing than ever.
dialog: -- The trolley is a locomotive.
text: -- Outside the theater, she stares at a poster of Jacob in an
text: upcoming indie. Marnie’s mind explodes, like she’s seeing
text: the universe through her daughter's eyes.
text: -- The stores have closed. Marnie walks the full length of
text: The Grove and keeps going, crossing into:
scene_heading: EXT. FARMER’S MARKET -- LATER 67
text: She wanders through the cluster of closed restaurants.
scene_heading: EXT. DUPAR’S -- LATER 68
text: She makes her way to the brightly-lit diner.
scene_heading: INT. DUPAR’S -- LATER 69
text: She stares at the gigantic cakes and pies spinning in a glass
text: case. Her eyes are glazed over. She looks up at a WAITRESS.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Howm... uch?
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: They’re all twelve dollars.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I can have them all for twelve
dialog: dollars?
speaker_heading: COP (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, I know you.
text: Marnie turns to see the motorcycle cop from set. Out of
text: uniform. He’s even better-looking up close. Marnie’s glazed
text: eyes widen, starting to panic.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Uh... No, you don’t.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: You're an actress, right?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: And you are a police... officerman.
text: She turns back to the pies, nervous, paranoid, feeling the
text: weed. He steps up to her.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Well, technically, I’m retired.
dialog: But they still need us on set.
dialog: (making joke)
text: In case a director starts throwing
dialog: things.
text: He laughs. She laughs, confused.
speaker_heading: COP (CONT'D)
dialog: Everybody calls me Zipper.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, that’s nice.
text: He looks at her.
speaker_heading: COP/ZIPPER
dialog: And you are, Miss...
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Minervini.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Miss Minervini...
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Mrs.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Mrs. Minervini...
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Or is it Miss? My husband died,
dialog: but it’s still Mrs., right? Or do
dialog: I go back to my maiden name? You
dialog: know what? Call me Marnie, that
dialog: way it won't be confusing.
text: She steadies herself, trying to look casual.
dialog: 70
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Marnie?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Hm?
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Do you want to join us?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Us?
text: Marnie looks up to see an entire corner of the restaurant
text: swarmed with COPS, some detectives, some off-duty. She turns
text: ghost white. Zipper leads her toward them.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Um...
scene_heading: INT. DUPAR’S -- LATER 70
text: Marnie sits next to Zipper in the middle of the circle of
text: COPS, some in uniform, some detectives, all chugging coffee
text: and talking a mile a minute. Marnie is staring at her hands.
speaker_heading: OFFICER LEE
dialog: So we get to the area and sure
text: enough there’s a naked guy and he’s
text: just walking down the street,
text: waving in the wind.
speaker_heading: OFFICER BERNIE
text: He wasn’t waving. He was saluting.
text: The cops crack up. The sound echoes through Marnie’s body.
text: She looks up from her hands.
speaker_heading: OFFICER DAVIS
dialog: Anyway, he was being real
dialog: belligerent and refused to put any
dialog: clothes on or get in the car. So
dialog: Bernie suggested we taze him.
speaker_heading: OFFICER BERNIE
dialog: (throwing up an arm)
dialog: What can I say? I love tazing.
speaker_heading: OFFICER DAVIS
dialog: So Bernie gets his tazer out and...
dialog: you know how Bernie’s aim has
dialog: always been a little low...
dialog: 71
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: No...
text: Everyone dies of laughter. Marnie tries to join them,
text: laughing too hard.
speaker_heading: OFFICER DAVIS
dialog: (laughing, shaking)
dialog: He would not go down. He just
text: stood there, vibrating, pointing
dialog: north...
dialog: (turns to Marnie)
dialog: Pardon my language.
text: Marnie stop and turns to him.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh. Were you talking?
text: They all look at her, then everyone bursts into laughter.
text: Zipper smiles. She laughs, unsure.
scene_heading: EXT. DUPAR’S -- LATER 71
text: Zipper opens the door for her. She hurries outside.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Sorry about them. They’re good
dialog: guys. They just like hearing
dialog: themselves talk.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, if I had stories like them,
dialog: I'd just like to hear myself think.
text: He laughs. They stand at the edge of Dupar’s parking lot,
text: under a street-lamp. She looks at him, knees weakening.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, I better get home.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I gotta dog-sit my daughter’s kids
dialog: and my hands are really loud, so...
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Do you need a ride or...?
text: He gestures. Marnie looks at Zipper’s motorcycle.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I can’t drive that thing.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: (slight laugh)
dialog: Okay, well, how bout just this once
dialog: I drive it and you can sit on back.
text: He climbs on.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Are you crazy? I would kill my
dialog: daughter if she died on a
dialog: motorcycle.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Oh, no, this isn’t a motorcycle.
dialog: This is a Harley Davidson. There's
dialog: a world of difference. It’s
dialog: important that you understand that.
text: A few other cops start out of Dupar’s toward their COP CAR.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me just kick-start her here.
text: Zipper “kick-starts” his Harley with his thumb.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: You wanna go on a ride-along?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: A what-along?
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: You're new in town. Let me give
dialog: you the tour.
text: She looks at him, unsure.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: The safest place you can be in Los
dialog: Angeles is on the back of this
dialog: bike, I promise you.
text: He extends a helmet.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t worry. I’11 go slow.
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES STREETS -- LATER 72
text: Not slowly, the motorcycle tails a COP CAR. Marnie is
text: strapped to Zipper’s back, helmet on, terror in her eyes.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: So tell me about your kids.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
speaker_heading: LATER!
text: She grips his waist and closes her eyes, starting to pray.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA STREET -- LATER 73
text: Marnie and Zipper are parked behind the cop car. Zipper
text: looks through binoculars at something.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: After I retired, I used to drive
text: around listening to the CB just to
dialog: see where the action was. And then
dialog: I started following them around, so
dialog: the guys said I should just come
dialog: along. Sort of like unofficial
dialog: back-up. In case anything goes
dialog: wrong.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: That’s cool. So you make your own
dialog: hours.
text: He swallows, letting her think it’s cool.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Were you on the Red Ripper case?
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: No. No, but I knew of the guy
dialog: following him. Hadn’t seen his
dialog: family in eight years. That’s what
dialog: chasing a rabbit will do to you.
text: This hits her. She nods, letting go of irrational fears.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Took thirty years on the force to
dialog: realize you can’t save everybody.
text: He looks through the binoculars.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: But you try.
dialog: 74
dialog: 58.
text: Marnie smiles at him.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER SANTA MONICA STREET -- LATER 74
text: With a view of the pier, Marnie and Zipper sit on a bench,
text: the motorcycle nearby. She looks through the binoculars now,
text: like they’re in the last row of an action movie.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: So why do they call you Zipper?
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: It’s my last name.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, well, that makes sense. What’s
dialog: your first name?
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Randy. Randall.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Are you from out here? Am I asking
dialog: too many questions?
text: He smiles and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: I’m from Oxnard originally. I
dialog: moved to Ventura when I got married
dialog: and then I moved to Topanga when I
dialog: got divorced.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Oh, don’t be sorry. She’s not.
text: He laughs. She joins him.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: She never smiled with her teeth.
dialog: You know? I should’ve known.
text: Marnie doesn’t know whether or not to smile.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Topanga? Is that by the beach?
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
text: It’s by the beach. Not on the
dialog: beach.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: I wouldn't mind living on the
dialog: beach. But I wouldn’t know where
dialog: to keep the chickens.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Chickens?
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Some people have dogs. I am aman
dialog: with chickens.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: You know what they say about
dialog: counting chickens.
text: She laughs.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: We have a very symbiotic
dialog: relationship. I give them a coop
dialog: and some grass and sometimes a
dialog: little Parmesan cheese and they
dialog: keep me in eggs.
text: He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a blue egg.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: This is from the Ameraucana. I
dialog: only have one Easter Egger.
text: He hands her the blue egg. She looks at it up close.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I can’t believe it didn’t break.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Yeah, she’s a toughie.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You want to meet her?
text: She looks up at him, thinking.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You mean at your house?
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
text: (looks at his watch)
dialog: Well, she’s been out at the bar all
dialog: night but she should be home by
dialog: now.
dialog: 75
dialog: 60.
text: She deliberates, fighting the voices in her head.
scene_heading: EXT. ZIPPER’S TOPANGA HOME -- EARLY DAWN 75
text: Marnie and Zipper walk up to the coop. He holds open a
text: chicken-wire gate and she nervously walks through it. She
text: stands there as Zipper calls to the chickens and spreads out
text: some feed.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Okay, that’s Joan, that’s Gertude,
dialog: that’s Henrietta... Don’t let her
dialog: sass you. She’s got an attitude on
dialog: account of being so damn beautiful.
dialog: Ladies, this is Marnie.
text: Marnie shyly waves at them. Zipper walks to the other side
text: of the coop and messes with a boom box, an extension cord
text: extends into the house.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Couple a months back, I was
dialog: cleaning the coop and playing my
dialog: boom box and I looked at their
dialog: faces and I swear, the chickens
dialog: just looked happy. So I dida
dialog: little experiment to see what kind
dialog: of music they dig the most. Rock
dialog: ‘n’ roll makes them lay eggs like
text: crazy, but seems to stress them
dialog: out. Classical works. Reggae does
dialog: not. But I find for the perfect
dialog: balance of productivity and
dialog: happiness, all roads lead to Dolly.
text: He pushes PLAY on the boom box and a Dolly Parton song plays.
text: Zipper and Marnie stand in the coop.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: How can you tell if it’s working?
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Don’t they look like they’re
dialog: smiling?
text: She looks at the chickens. They all have different chicken
text: faces. She can’t tell if they’re smiling, but she sure is.
text: It gets wider and wider, as she moves around the coop, two-
text: stepping out of the chickens’ way. It’s almost dancing.
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: 76 INT. ZIPPER’S HOUSE -- MORNING 76
text: The sun is just coming up, bathing the room in a pink glow.
text: Zipper makes Marnie a cup of coffee in his small kitchen.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, Joe didn’t want to know how
dialog: much time he had left. But Lori
dialog: and I knew. So he asked her if she
dialog: could throw us our wedding
dialog: anniversary in August. But she
dialog: knew he wouldn’t make it til then
dialog: so she said, “Why don’t I throw you
dialog: a party forty years from the day
dialog: you met?” So Lori decorated her
dialog: house like it was 1969 and all the
dialog: music was from 1969 and all her
text: friends came dressed in 60s clothes
text: and Joe’s brothers flew out and she
dialog: served fondue. And it was just the
dialog: most spectacular day. Like the day
dialog: we got married.
text: Marnie smiles. Zipper sits across from her.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: We came out here for his treatments
dialog: and then took care of him for
dialog: another two months and....
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Lori said we were in the delivery
dialog: business.
dialog: (hands to Heaven)
dialog: Shipping and handling.
text: She forces a smile. Zipper can see this is still an open
text: wound. He moves on.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: And then you stayed in LA? That’s
dialog: a pretty big sea change, literally.
dialog: I mean, that’s really, very brave.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Yeah? Well, who wouldn’t love it
dialog: here? The sun is always shining.
dialog: It’s like living on Main Street in
dialog: Disneyland.
text: He looks at her. For a second too long. And smiles.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What about you? You got kids?
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
text: Two beautiful girls.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: The one who likes me lives far
text: away. And the one that doesn’t is
dialog: in Palm Springs.
text: Her smile drops. He explains.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Lizzy was still in high school when
dialog: her mom and I fell apart, which was
dialog: mostly my fault. 70/30. 60/40,
dialog: maybe. I was working all the time.
dialog: I brought it home with me. And as
dialog: soon as she started to slip away, I
dialog: started gripping and I guess I held
dialog: on too tightly. And I lost her.
dialog: Lizzy, I mean. The younger one.
dialog: (then)
dialog: She’s in a rehab--
dialog: (correcting himself)
dialog: Program. She’s in a program. I
dialog: was hoping one of those steps would
dialog: lead her back here, but....
dialog: (then)
dialog: I don’t know. I was a hot head
dialog: then. I let my temper get the best
dialog: of me. I was too strict. Had too
dialog: many rules. Curfews. Made them
dialog: scared to tell me things.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, sure. Look at everything you
dialog: were seeing all day. Serial
dialog: killers and stuff? I just watch
dialog: the news. Never-mind being a part
text: of it. It’s like an action movie.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: (slight scoff)
dialog: Well, not anymore.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Still. It’s not your fault the
dialog: world is a scary place.
text: She takes a sip of coffee. He looks at her.
text: how beautiful she looks.
dialog: 62.
dialog: She has no idea
dialog: 77
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank God you’re retired.
text: He clears his throat, almost laughing, but not.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Yeah, it has its moments. I’ve
dialog: learned to calm down. I meditate,
dialog: if you can believe that. The
dialog: chickens keep me in line.
dialog: Sometimes I hit the bag in the
dialog: garage. Mostly I just exercise
dialog: patience. With everything. My ex.
dialog: My girls. If Lizzy doesn’t want me
dialog: to call her anymore, I have to
dialog: respect that.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: (bursting)
dialog: No. I mean... you can’t not call.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: I left her messages until it was
dialog: full.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: So? I’m sorry. I should mind my
dialog: own business. But you should call
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: I really wouldn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Just tell her you love her. No
dialog: matter what she’s up to.
dialog: (then, matter-of-fact)
dialog: Everybody knows their mothers love
dialog: them unconditionally. Fathers have
dialog: to... say it out loud. I think.
text: He smiles. Struck by this. Her. She can suddenly feel the
text: weight in the air and barrels through it.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Joe used to have a temper. But he
dialog: was Italian, so.... Oh my God, what
dialog: time is it?
scene_heading: EXT. LORI’S HOUSE -- EARLY MORNING 77
text: Zipper pulls the motorcycle over and Marnie hops off. She
text: hands him the helmet. He hands her a carton of eggs.
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, thanks.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Okay.
text: He reaches into his wallet and hands her his card. Their
text: hands touch for a flash. She quickly puts the card in her
text: pants pocket.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: In case you need to get out of a
dialog: speeding ticket or something.
text: She turns and hurries away. He watches her go.
scene_heading: INT. LORI’S HOUSE -- MOMENTS LATER 78
text: -- Marnie puts down the carton of eggs.
text: -- Outside, she feeds the dogs. Watching them eat.
text: -- She opens the carton of eggs and sees eleven brown eggs
text: and one blue one. She smiles.
dialog: -- Music begins over:
scene_heading: INT. LORI’S HOUSE -- LATER 79
text: -- Marnie takes a piece of bread and cuts a hole in it.
text: -- She places the bread in a hot pan. The butter sizzles.
text: -- She cracks the blue egg open and drops the yolk in the
text: center of the bread.
text: -- The egg fries in the heat. The steam rises up to meet
text: her. She slides the spatula underneath it and flips it at
dialog: exactly the right time.
text: -- Marnie sits at the table and cuts into the egg-fried
text: bread. She salts the single bite and puts it in her mouth.
text: It’s so good, her eyes roll back.
text: -- Bite after bite, it seems to only get better. She hasn’t
dialog: tasted an egg like this in so long. Maybe ever.
text: -- Marnie finishes the last bite, wipes her mouth and pounds
text: a fist on the table, as she swallows. And exhales. Slowly,
text: her expression changes from ecstasy to something like guilt.
text: -- At the sink, she scrubs the plate clean, shaking her head.
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Anyway...
scene_heading: INT. LORI’S HOUSE -- LATER 80
text: Marnie packs a suitcase.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I'm taking United flight 352
text: landing at JFK at 4:30. Just
dialog: thought I should head back east for
dialog: a little bit. See Daddy's brothers
dialog: and maybe get to visit you on set.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD HOUSE -- LATER 81
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Don't worry about the dogs. I
dialog: dropped them off at Jacob's house
dialog: so they'd be somewhere familiar.
text: Marnie hands the dogs off to the tall girl from Valentine's.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE -- LATER 82
text: Marnie looks out the tiny window at the incomparable New York
text: City skyline. Her eyes light up.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: To be honest, I can't wait to be
text: back in the city.
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN -- DAY 83
text: The streets are alive. Marnie walks along the bustling
text: sidewalks, taking hundreds of pictures with her iPhone.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
text: Seeing the old stomping grounds.
text: Walking through Midtown and the
dialog: garment district and seeing Daddy's
dialog: old building.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN BUILDING -- MOMENTS LATER 84
text: Marnie takes a picture of herself under the address, but cuts
text: off half her face. She looks up at the skyscraper, people
text: flowing in and out, unable to bring herself inside.
dialog: 85
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (V.O.)
dialog: But mostly I can't wait to see you.
dialog: So let me know when's a good time.
scene_heading: INT. SILVERCUP STUDIOS -- NOT A GOOD TIME/NEXT DAY 85
text: The set of Lori’s TV pilot. Lori looks frazzled, surrounded
text: by a crew of people asking questions, as Marnie approaches,
text: smiling proud, clapping excitedly. Lori looks up at her and
text: smiles wide, coming in for a long hug. Then, pulling away:
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Okay, this is your chair.
text: She sits her mother in a chair.
speaker_heading: LORI (CONT'D)
dialog: These are your cans.
text: She hands her mother a pair of headphones.
speaker_heading: LORI (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t talk to anyone. And the safe
dialog: word is “cantaloupe”.
text: ON A BELL. Marnie puts on her headphones, already on the
text: edge of her seat. Lori sits behind the DIRECTOR (40s).
text: Marnie sits behind Lori. Marnie peeks around them all to
text: look at the tiny monitors, A and B.
text: A clapboard comes into view.
dialog: Rolling. Set. Action.
text: ON THE A-MONITOR: A TV DAUGHTER (20s, too pretty) says good-
text: night to a DATE (20s) at the door.
speaker_heading: TV DAUGHTER
dialog: Okay, call me. Good-night. Bye.
text: She shuts the door, swooning, then walks into the kitchen to
dialog: find --
text: ON THE B-MONITOR: The TV MOM (40s, too young) sits at the
text: table, eating ice cream from a carton and reading a book.
speaker_heading: TV DAUGHTER (CONT’D)
dialog: Jesus, Mom, you scared the crap out
dialog: of me. Don’t you have ice cream in
dialog: the guest house?
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: TV MOM
dialog: Well, yeah but I already picked all
text: the cookie dough out of it.
speaker_heading: TV DAUGHTER
dialog: What are you reading?
dialog: (then, freaking)
dialog: Is that my journal?
speaker_heading: TV MOM
dialog: Oh, is that what this is? I
dialog: thought the characters seemed a
dialog: little slutty.
speaker_heading: TV DAUGHTER
dialog: Give me that!
speaker_heading: TV MOM
dialog: Aren’t you too old to keep a
dialog: journal?
speaker_heading: TV DAUGHTER
dialog: Aren’t you too old to read your
dialog: daughter’s journal? That’s a
dialog: violation of space and time.
speaker_heading: TV DAD (0.S.)
dialog: What’s all the yelling about?
text: A TV DAD (50s, bad Italian accent) enters in nothing but a
text: towel. He fills the frame, taking over the B-CAMERA.
speaker_heading: TV MOM
dialog: I violated space and time.
speaker_heading: TV DAD
dialog: You peed in the upstairs shower
dialog: too?
text: The director chuckles. Lori looks pained. But Marnie is
text: mesmerized. The father and daughter talk, their images
text: facing each other on opposite monitors.
speaker_heading: TV DAUGHTER
dialog: What’s wrong with the shower in the
dialog: guest house?
speaker_heading: TV DAD
dialog: It started to get this weird smell.
text: SLOW PUSH on Marnie. For a moment, Joe is alive. She
text: watches without blinking, riveted.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: TV DAUGHTER (0.S.)
dialog: Mom, Dad, when I said you guys
dialog: should move here after you retire,
dialog: I didn’t mean here here. I need to
dialog: get a life. I need to meet a guy
dialog: and get married and give you
dialog: grandchildren so you’1ll leave me
dialog: alone. Wet towel, Dad. Wet towel.
speaker_heading: TV DAD
dialog: Oh, sorry.
text: The dad removes the towel and hands it to the daughter.
speaker_heading: TV DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: Could you hang this up for me?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Lorraine?
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Aaaaaaand.... cut.
text: Everyone stands up and starts moving, back to work.
text: Lori goes to talk to one of the CAMERA GUYS.
text: But Marnie is frozen in place, dazed, nostalgic. Until:
text: The actor playing the father comes to sit at video village.
text: Marnie is a chair away from him as he checks his phone. She
text: tries not to breathe. Then can’t help herself, and leans in.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You look so much like him.
text: He turns to her. No Italian accent.
speaker_heading: TV DAD
dialog: I'm sorry?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: The character you're playing. You
dialog: look so much like the person it’s
dialog: based on.
speaker_heading: TV DAD
dialog: Oh. I didn’t realize it was....
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Cantaloupe, Mom.
dialog: (clearing throat)
dialog: Cantaloupe.
text: Lori gestures to her mother, while over-coughing.
dialog: 86
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BAR -- LATER 86
text: At a round booth, Lori sits in between Marnie and the camera
text: guy from Lori’s set, BEN (30s). He’s in the middle of a
text: long, animated story.
speaker_heading: BEN
text: Indy races through the jungle, all
dialog: the way back to Jock and the
text: seaplane. Indy screams, “Come on,
dialog: Jock! Get going!” but the natives
text: are chasing him to the edge of the
text: water. So Indy grabs onto a vine
text: and goes swinging through the
dialog: air...
text: Ben sings some theme music. Marnie laughs, enchanted. Lori
text: takes a big sip of her drink.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
text: Indy hits the water. Splewsh.
text: Poison arrows are firing all around
dialog: him. Pew pew pew pew pew.... Then
text: Indy climbs into the seat of the
text: plane just as it lifts out of the
dialog: water and takes to the sky. And
text: that’s when Indy looks down and
dialog: sees.... are you ready?... a giant
text: snake in his lap.
text: Marnie gasps.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Indy screams, “Jock, why is there a
dialog: snake on this plane?”. And Jock
dialog: says, “Oh that’s just Reggie!” And
dialog: Indy says, “But Jock, I hate
text: snakes!” And the plane flies off
dialog: into the sunset. And that’s the
dialog: first twenty minutes of “Indiana
dialog: Jones and the Raiders of the Lost
dialog: Ark”.
text: Marnie claps, entertained. Lori forces a laugh. Ben laughs
text: the hardest, wiping his brow, and exhales.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I've never seen it.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Well, we’ll have to watch it before
dialog: you leave town.
dialog: 70.
text: He gives Lori a too-hard squeeze. The WAITER brings more
text: drinks. Lori can’t get to hers fast enough.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: So you guys met on set?
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: (pointed)
dialog: That's right, just two weeks ago.
dialog: Like I was telling you right before
dialog: you invited him to dinner.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, I think it’s romantic.
text: Meeting on a movie set.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: People meet on sets all the time
dialog: and it’s usually scandalous and
text: home-wrecking.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I knew my husband for two weeks
dialog: before he proposed.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Two weeks?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I think when you know, you know,
dialog: you know?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I totally agree.
text: He pulls Lori towards him.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I’m gonna run to the bathroom.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hurry back.
text: Lori slides under the booth and away. Ben looks around, then
text: looks back at Marnie, with a secret.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey...
text: He gestures for Marnie to lean in. As she does, he leans
text: forward and presents an ENGAGEMENT RING in a light-up box.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh my God...
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I got it the day after we met.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I don’t do things half-assed. When
dialog: I know I want something, I go for
dialog: it. That’s how I got this far in
dialog: my career. Russell Boyd, Rodney
dialog: Charters, Don McAlpine... when the
dialog: top cinematographers need a B-
dialog: camera operator, do you know who
dialog: they call?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You?
text: He shuts the ring box and leans back.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: When you know, you know.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Wow, it’s all so fast. But if
dialog: it’ll make Lori happy...
text: He leans in, too intense.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: So I was thinking that we get
dialog: everyone she knows, all her friends
dialog: and family and people she works
dialog: with and the entire crew and we put
dialog: together one of those Youtube
dialog: videos, and maybe it starts with
dialog: you putting Lori on the back of my
text: truck and then the radio starts
dialog: playing our song...
text: Marnie beams. Her eyes couldn’t get any wider.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: And everyone she knows comes out
dialog: one at a time and does this
dialog: choreographed dance number until it
text: ends with me appearing with the
text: ring and getting down on one knee,
dialog: all in one tracking shot....
scene_heading: 87 INT. HOTEL ROOM -- LATER 87
text: Lori rummages through the mini bar while Marnie sits up in
text: bed, smiling too wide, practically vibrating.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I just feel like the whole thing is
dialog: getting bastardized by everybody's
dialog: notes and the guy playing the dad
dialog: is just not up for the challenge.
dialog: Why are you so hyper?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Nothing. I’m just excited for you.
dialog: (then)
dialog: And Ben seems nice.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Yeah, well, don’t get too used to
dialog: him, Mom, it’s not gonna last.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: (sing-songy)
dialog: I wouldn’t be so sure.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: No, I’m telling you. I’m just
dialog: rebounding. I need to date below-
dialog: the-line for a change.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You know, sometimes, people think
dialog: they’re having a rebound but then
text: it evolves into something more.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Actually, there’s something I
dialog: should tell you.
text: Marnie sits Lori down. She takes a breath.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I was engaged to someone else
dialog: before Daddy.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Yeah, I know. You told me before.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I did?
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Yeah, his name was Matteo and you
dialog: weren't that attracted to him and
dialog: then you went to Atlantic City with
dialog: your girlfriends and that’s where
dialog: you met Daddy. You have like three
dialog: stories, Mom.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Alright. So, if you’re rebounding
dialog: then why don’t you and Jacob give
dialog: it another go?
text: Lori gets up, downs a quick drink.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: That’s not up to me.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, maybe if you just told him
dialog: how you feel....
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: See, that is the great lie of your
dialog: life, Mom. That if you dream it,
dialog: you can do it. And the world
dialog: doesn’t work that way.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: What are you talking about? You
dialog: dreamt you could move to Hollywood
dialog: and you did it. You dreamt you
dialog: could be a writer and you did it.
dialog: You dream up different stories all
dialog: the time.
text: Lori half-smiles. It’s almost working.
speaker_heading: MARFNIE
dialog: Which reminds me, I met the cutest
text: girl in the bathroom at JFK. She's
text: in a wheelchair and she writes a
dialog: blog about empowering young women
dialog: and I told her you were a writer
dialog: and she hadn’t heard of you but she
dialog: was really impressed when I told
dialog: her you’d have coffee with her
dialog: sometime and give her some industry
dialog: tips. Your cell phone’s 323?
text: Lori stops smiling.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I don’t have industry tips.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, it’s just a coffee. She’s in
text: a wheelchair.
text: Lori climbs into bed next to Marnie, drink in hand.
dialog: 73.
dialog: Marnie
text: has her cell phone out, camera on, unsure where to aim it.
dialog: 88
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: How do you take a selfie?
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: What do you mean? You just take
dialog: it. You just take a picture of
dialog: yourself.
dialog: (immediately curious)
dialog: Who are you sending a selfie to??
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Nobody. Shhhhh.
text: Marnie quickly puts her phone down, then grabs the remote.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: (playfully)
dialog: Do you have a new friend??
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I said I didn’t want to talk about
dialog: it!
text: Lori stifles her happy curiosity as much as she can. She
text: toasts the air, takes a sip of her drink and --
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM -- LATER 88
text: Lori is passed out in bed. Marnie pours a tiny bottle of
text: vodka into a cup and into her mouth. Marnie swallows it in
text: one gulp, then reaches for her phone.
text: She squints to see the phone number written on his card.
text: Dials before she changes her mind. Straight to voicemail:
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (0.S.)
dialog: This is obviously me.
text: BEEP. Marnie loud-whispers in the dark.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Hello. Zipper, um, it’s Marnie.
dialog: Minervini. I’m in New York with my
dialog: daughter who is making her TV show
dialog: and I saw the set today and it made
dialog: me think of you. Well, your job.
dialog: And also what you do for a living.
text: She gestures and hits the table, knocking over bottles.
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyway, I ordered the scrambled
dialog: eggs at the hotel this morning and
dialog: they were nothing like what I ate
dialog: of yours. I mean, the eggs you
dialog: gave me. I had one. Briefly. So
dialog: I just wanted to check in... on the
dialog: chickens and, oh...
dialog: (whispering more)
dialog: Lori has a new boyfriend, or should
dialog: I say fiancee... so give me a call,
dialog: okay, love you. I mean, bye.
text: She gasps, hanging up as quickly as possible, then tosses her
text: phone out of frame.
scene_heading: INT. JERSEY HOME -- DAY
text: The door opens and Marnie is pulled in by Joe’s surviving
text: brothers COS, TONY and DOMINIC (60s).
scene_heading: INT. JERSEY HOME -- STILL DAY
text: Marnie eats dinner with Joe’s brothers and their wives.
speaker_heading: ANGIE (60s) is among them.
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: You lost weight.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, yeah, right.
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: Here. Mangia.
text: Angie dumps food on Marnie’s plate.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Ooh, Angie, ariancini. They don’t
dialog: have anything like this in Los
dialog: Angeles.
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: Of course not. They don’t have
dialog: anything like this anywhere. Only
dialog: my mother made these and now I make
dialog: them and I take the recipe to the
text: grave.
text: Marnie turns to two other wives.
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Tina, Pina, how are you feeling?
text: TINA and PINA (60s) both make hand gestures.
dialog: cos
dialog: Hey, how’s the TV show?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: So funny, you wouldn’t believe it.
dialog: I don’t know where she gets her
dialog: characters from.
text: Marnie takes a bite and makes food noises.
scene_heading: 91 INT. JERSEY HOME -- STILL DAY 91
text: They continue to eat and talk loudly.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: The first time I cooked for Joe, I
dialog: wanted to make him pasta. And my
dialog: mother told me that you know if
dialog: pasta is done is by throwing it
text: against the wall and if it sticks,
dialog: you take it out of the water. So I
dialog: had the water boiling and I broke
dialog: the pasta in half...
text: The Italians let out a collective “ugh”.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: And then I cooked it and threw it
dialog: against the wall and nothing. So I
dialog: cooked it some more and then a
dialog: little bit more until it finally
text: stuck on the wall and stuck to the
text: pot and stuck to itself and stuck
dialog: to everything it touched.
text: Marnie laughs. The group laughs along, knowing the story.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: After he took the first bite, I saw
text: him take a little pasta off of his
text: plate and put it in his napkin and
dialog: I said, “What are you doing?” And
dialog: he said, “I just have to show this
dialog: to my mother.”
dialog: 77.
text: They howl with laughter, hitting the table. Then one by one,
text: they laugh into sighs. Marnie is the last, wiping away
text: laughing-tears.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I can’t believe it’s his
dialog: anniversary already.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I know. A whole year.
text: They look at her.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: You mean, two years.
text: Marnie recovers.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Right. A year since last year.
speaker_heading: ANGIE
text: Time flies.
dialog: cos
text: Time flies.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So, we were thinking that half of
dialog: his ashes could stay with you and
dialog: Lori in California and the other
dialog: half could be buried in Elizabeth
dialog: with our mother and father. That
dialog: way we all have a place to go.
text: Marnie swirls the food on her plate.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Yeah, you know, I really just want
dialog: to talk to Lori about it first?
dialog: She's been really sensitive about
dialog: it lately and I just don’t want to
dialog: cause her too much stress while
dialog: she’s doing the tv show.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Well, we talked to her and she said
dialog: it was up to you.
text: Marnie stops, out of excuses.
dialog: 92
dialog: 78.
dialog: cos
dialog: Maybe since we’re all on the east
dialog: coast for a change, we could at
text: least pick out a headstone.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Lori said you wanted to use a quote
dialog: maybe?
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Something from “My Way”.
text: Marnie looks at them all, starting to sweat.
dialog: cos
dialog: It doesn’t have to be “My Way”.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: How could it not be “My Way”?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: As long as it’s Sinatra.
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: Well, of course it’s Sinatra.
dialog: cos
dialog: Obviously.
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: But it’s totally up to you, Marnie,
dialog: if you want to bury his ashes here
dialog: with our parents or if you wanted
dialog: to sprinkle a little here and a
dialog: little out there.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: “A little here and there?”
speaker_heading: DOMINIC
dialog: How could it not be “My Way”?
text: The brothers talk over each other. Marnie can’t catch her
text: breath. Panting. Panicking. The walls caving in.
scene_heading: INT. JFK AIRPORT -- EARLY MORNING 92
text: Departure gate. Marnie gives her license to AIRPORT SECURITY
text: (30s). The man looks up at Marnie.
scene_heading: AIRPORT SECURITY
dialog: Joseph Minervini?
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: What?
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Oh. I handed you my husband's
dialog: license by mistake.
text: She puts his license back on top of her rubber-banded stack
text: of cards. And pulls out her license, handing it over.
scene_heading: AIRPORT SECURITY
dialog: Marnie Minervini. That makes more
dialog: sense. And where are you headed
dialog: today, Mrs. Minervini?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Los Angeles. I live there now.
text: Marnie stands up straighter, saying it out loud. The
text: security guy hands back her license.
scene_heading: AIRPORT SECURITY
dialog: And how was your time in New York?
text: Marnie takes her license.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Great. My daughter shot a pilot.
text: The guy looks at her, not letting go of the license, then
text: gestures for an ARMED SECURITY GUARD. Marnie’s eyes widen.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE -- EARLY MORNING 93
text: Marnie sits in her seat, staring at Joe’s license at the top
text: of her stack of credit cards. She starts to cry, leaning
text: toward the window so people can’t see. She doesn’t make a
text: sound. The tears fall until they don’t. Then, she pulls out
text: Joe's license, and slides it into the middle of the stack.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE -- MORNING 94
text: The plane lands on the tarmac. Marnie wakes up with it.
speaker_heading: FLIGHT ATTENDANT (0.S.)
dialog: Welcome to Los Angeles where the
dialog: local time is 9:37am. Please
dialog: remain in your seats while we taxi
dialog: to the gate. If your cell phone is
dialog: in reach, you may use it now.
text: Marnie straightens herself, then opens the window shade, the
text: sun blares through.
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 80.
text: She lowers it halfway, then pulls out her cell phone and
text: takes it off AIRPLANE MODE. She looks at it, then sets it in
text: her lap. IT BUZZES. She picks it back up, surprised to see
text: a NEW VOICEMAIL. An UNKNOWN CALLER. She pushes PLAY.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, Marnie, it's your new friend
dialog: Zipper.
dialog: (she sits up)
dialog: Or Randy. Depending on who you
dialog: ask. I just saw that you called.
dialog: Sorry I'm just getting back to you
dialog: now. There's such bad reception in
dialog: the canyon, I could barely hear
dialog: your message.
text: Marnie exhales, a bit relieved.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: But I wanted to try you back and
dialog: see how the east coast is treating
dialog: you. And also let you know that
dialog: the chickens have expanded their
dialog: musical library to include Peggy
dialog: Lee, as well as Dolly Parton
dialog: covers, so you've got that to look
dialog: forward to. If you ever make it
dialog: back this way. But... give me a
dialog: call if you get a chance. Okay.
dialog: (then, being funny)
dialog: Love you, bye.
text: Click. Marnie’s eyes widen. She covers her mouth, shocked,
text: unable to breathe. Then, she cracks up, laughing. And goes
dialog: to listen to the message again.
scene_heading: INT. APPLE STORE -- DAY 95
text: -- Marnie walks up the glass steps.
text: -- Marnie combs the accessories department.
text: -- Marnie buys a SPEAKER SYSTEM from an APPLE EMPLOYEE (20s).
text: Marnie looks around for Freddy but doesn’t see him.
scene_heading: EXT. TOPANGA HOME -- LATER 96
text: Marnie pulls the red Lexus up in front of Zipper’s house and
text: climbs out, holding the Apple bag. She walks up the front
text: step. There’s music playing inside. As she gets closer, she
text: realizes it’s Zipper, singing and playing guitar.
dialog: 81.
text: She stops short, listening through the screen door. It takes
text: a moment to recognize the song, Dolly Parton’s “To Daddy”.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Being took for granted was a thing
dialog: that she accepted/ And she didn’t
dialog: need those things to make her happy
dialog: / She didn’t even seem to notice /
dialog: That he didn’t kiss and hold her/
dialog: If she did, she never did say so to
dialog: daddy....
text: Marnie mouths along with the lyrics, getting lost in the
text: song. She leans against the screen door and it CREAKS. The
text: guitar stops. She quickly hangs the bag on the door knob and
text: starts away. The screen door swings open.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: This counts as trespassing.
text: She turns back to him. He “hides” an acoustic guitar.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: You didn’t hear any sort of music-
text: type sounds coming from inside....
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, was that you?
text: He steps out.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Just a little Dolly cover band I’m
text: putting together. Zipper and the
dialog: Fuzz. We have a mostly avian fan-
dialog: base. You want to come in, let me
dialog: test this out on a human lady?
text: He holds the screen door open, then notices the bag.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s this?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, it’s nothing. I just thought
dialog: you could use it to play music for
dialog: the chickens.
text: He opens the bag, seeing a Beats home speaker system inside.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You can plug it in your iPhone.
dialog: Oh, God, do you have an iPhone?
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: I have been meaning to get one of
dialog: those. Thank you. You wannna come
dialog: in? Show me how to plug it in?
text: She looks at him, her courage waning.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I’m supposed to be at this wedding.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Oh. That’s fun.
text: He walks down the steps towards her. She swallows.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, I missed ya.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Isn’t that funny?
text: She doesn’t know how to respond.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: I ended up calling her. My
dialog: daughter.
text: Marnie smiles, genuinely excited.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, Zipper, that’s great.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Yeah. She yelled at me. A lot.
dialog: I’m thinking I should ride out
dialog: there and let her scream in my face
dialog: a little. You wanna come with?
text: He reaches out and takes hold of her hand. She’s stunned,
text: silenced.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Just a day trip. Nothing overnight
dialog: or... I just thought you should
dialog: check out the desert and... I could
dialog: use the moral support--
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I can't.
text: She rips her hand away. He puts his hands in his pockets.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (softening)
dialog: I... um...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I can’t do that right now....
dialog: (then)
dialog: Anyway, I just wanted to give you
dialog: the speaker and tell you that I
dialog: probably won’t be around for a
dialog: little while. I need to go back
dialog: east and... I just won’t be around.
text: He looks at her, hurt, disappointed, but understanding.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Okay.
text: He doesn’t move. Marnie turns away. And starts toward her
text: car. She doesn’t turn back. He lets her go.
scene_heading: INT. LORI’S HOUSE -- LATER 97
text: Marnie stands in her black clothes, looking at her daughter's
text: RED BRIDESMAID DRESS hung in front of the closet.
text: She shakes her head, takes a breath and begins to undress.
text: Throwing off her black top. Kicking off her black pants.
text: She wraps herself up in the red dress. She looks stunning,
text: transformed. She turns to the side and exhales. Okay, it’s
text: a bit tight. But the color of the dress puts the roses in
text: her cheeks. She tries her hair up. Then down. Then up.
text: She paints her never-painted nails.
text: She slides on lipstick.
text: She puts contacts, leaving her glasses behind.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINA DEL REY HARBOR -- LATER/DAY 98
text: She parks her husband’s car near the harbor and hurries
text: toward the twinkling strings of lights that lead to the boat.
scene_heading: INT. BOAT - WEDDING -- LATER/DAY 99
text: Marnie steps onto the boat just as it starts to leave.
text: The water churns.
text: Marnie races up the stairs to THE BOW OF THE BOAT, where the
text: bridesmaids stand in a row, wearing their color-coordinated
text: dresses. They look flustered until they turn and see Marnie
text: in the red dress.
speaker_heading: 99A
dialog: 100
dialog: 84.
text: Marnie joins the back of the line, creating a perfect rainbow
text: of color. Jillian gives her a squeeze, sighing, relieved.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Tehya, come here.
text: Emily tries to wrangle Tehya, dressed as the flower girl, but
text: she runs to Marnie’s side.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I got her.
text: ON THE TOP DECK -- A string quartet begins to play. And one
text: by one, the bridesmaids make their way down the aisle.
text: Marnie is at the end of the line, twice their age but just as
text: gorgeous, holding Tehya’s hand.
text: She waves hello to the people she knows. She spots Emily's
text: husband GREG (30s), and his father, Mark, near the front.
text: Mark smiles at Marnie. Marnie smiles back.
text: And the music begins. Everyone stands.
text: Jillian is walked down the aisle by her SMILING FATHER (70s).
text: The bride looks beautiful in the overdone dress, beaming,
text: near tears, as she reaches her wife, DANI (30s, dress whites)
text: with her BRIDESMEN & WOMEN and the boat’s CAPTAIN (40s).
text: Everyone is a-glow. Especially Marnie.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR -- LATER/DAY 99A
text: The boat moves across the calm harbor waters, as the party
text: starts on the second floor.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION -- LATER/DAY 100
text: Marnie holds her number, shyly looking for her table. It’s
text: beautifully lit, filled with flowers, and simply beautiful.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Marnie, everything looks
dialog: incredible.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, yeah, isn’t it pretty?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Over here, Marnie.
dialog: 101
dialog: 85.
text: Emily waves Marnie over to the bridesmaids table. She is
text: surprised to take a seat next to the other girls.
speaker_heading: EMILY (CONT'D)
dialog: Marnie, you really did it.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Can you believe how gorgeous this
dialog: is and it’s all thanks to you.
text: Marnie looks around, seeing her touches everywhere. She has
dialog: to admit -- it’s quite remarkable.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION -- LATER/DAY 101
text: Marnie and the rest of the guests watch Jillian’s wife Dani
text: finish her speech.
speaker_heading: DANI
dialog: -.. And that’s when Jillian turned
dialog: to me and said, “Now about that
dialog: pilot’s license.”
text: The room laughs, including Marnie.
speaker_heading: DANI (CONT'D)
dialog: Jilly Bean, I know people could've
dialog: thought we were fools rushing in,
dialog: but I want to spend the rest of my
dialog: life getting to know you.
text: Marnie nearly sheds a tear. Everyone cheers as the couple
text: shares a sweet kiss. Jillian takes the microphone.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: Thank you guys so much. There are
dialog: so many people in this room that
dialog: made this day possible, I can’t
dialog: believe it. First, my incredible
dialog: wife who married me a year ago
dialog: against her better judgment....
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: And then agreed to do it again in
dialog: front of everyone we love, cause
dialog: she knew it was important to me.
text: Everyone awwwws. They kiss.
dialog: 102
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to thank all of my
dialog: bridesmaids. Nobody could ask for
dialog: thirteen better friends. I love
dialog: you all so much.
text: Marnie and the other twelve bridesmaids smile.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: And I want to thank my family for
text: flying in from all over the
dialog: country. Daddy, I love you.
dialog: (blows a kiss)
dialog: And Marnie...
text: Marnie stops, looking up, surprised to hear her name.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (starting to cry)
dialog: There are no words to describe my
dialog: gratitude. I have never met anyone
dialog: More generous and truly selfless.
dialog: When my mother died, I never
dialog: imagined that I could feel loved
dialog: so... unconditionally... by someone
dialog: who wasn’t in my family. You are
dialog: proof that when one angel leaves
dialog: this Earth, another angel takes its
dialog: place. I love you. To Marnie!
text: Everyone holds up their glasses and cheers.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: To Marnie!
text: Marnie looks around at everyone toasting her. She is
text: overwhelmed, tears welling up in her eyes as she takes it in.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION -- LATER 102
text: Blues Traveler plays on-stage while everyone dances. Marnie
text: is among them, shoes off, shaking what the good Lord gave
text: her. She dances with the other bridesmaids.
text: Jillian swings Tehya onto the dance-floor and into Marnie’s
text: arms. Marnie beams as she dances with the little girl,
text: holding hands with Jillian.
text: They make a circle. Emily joins the circle. And so does
text: Mark. Marnie and Mark dance with Tehya between them.
text: They boogie and jump and scream along to the music. Then:
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: JOHN POPPER
dialog: This is a newer one.
text: The band plays a slower song. Marnie and Mark stand there,
text: catching their breath.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I can’t remember the last time I
dialog: danced this much.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I know. When I was a kid, we
dialog: always went out dancing. I’m
dialog: always telling Lori, “Why don’t you
dialog: go out dancing?”
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: You know, you did a really amazing
dialog: thing, Marnie. All of this. They
dialog: look really happy.
text: Marnie turns to see Jillian and Dani slow-dancing, happy.
text: She smiles. Then, just beyond them, Jacob crosses through a
text: group of people on his way out of the room.
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: So about that lunch....
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Would you excuse me?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Oh-kay.
text: Marnie runs away from Mark.
scene_heading: 103 EXT. BOAT -- EVENING 103
text: Jacob walks to the bow of the boat, lighting up a cigarette.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Jacob!
text: He turns to see Marnie racing up to him, without shoes, out
dialog: of breath.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Hey, Marnie.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Listen...
text: She huffs and puffs.
dialog: 104
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: She loves you.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Lori loves you, you know. And I
dialog: know because I see how unhappy
dialog: she’s been since you guys split up.
dialog: And I know people are supposed to
dialog: make their own happiness, but she’s
dialog: never been that way. Or maybe she
dialog: used to be, but not anymore. And I
dialog: don’t know if it’s too late for you
dialog: guys and maybe this is totally
text: awkward and I’m overstepping my
dialog: bounds, I know I’m overstepping my
text: bounds, but it doesn’t matter.
dialog: Cause if there’s even the slightest
dialog: chance that you could end up with
dialog: her, and make her happy, then
dialog: that’s all that matters to me. Her
dialog: happiness is all that matters. So
dialog: what do you say?
text: She stops. He looks at her. Takes his time.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Marnie, I.... I’m sorry.
text: Marnie looks at him, devastated, silenced. Just then, the
text: very tall girl appears at Jacob’s side.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Hello, I was just leaving.
text: Marnie turns on her heels and starts out.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINA PARKING LOT -- NIGHT 104
text: The boat is docked in the background. Marnie fast-walks
text: toward her car, Mark trailing behind her.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: You sure you don’t want to stay for
dialog: another drink?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: No I really have to get back to....
text: Marnie arrives in her empty parking space. Her car is not
text: there. She looks around, confused.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Huh.
scene_heading: 105 INT. MARK’S CAR/EXT. LORI’S HOUSE -- LATER 105
text: Mark pulls over in front of Lori’s house, as Marnie finishes
text: up a phone call.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Okay, thank you...
dialog: (hangs up, to Mark)
dialog: Well, looks like it was stolen.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Oh my God. The crime in this city.
text: She doesn’t realize Mark is facing her.
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, I’m sorry this is how your
text: night's ending.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: That’s okay.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Can’t remember the last time I had
dialog: so much fun.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh. Well.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Couple of Brooklynites, we are.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: And that dress is a knockout.
dialog: (then)
text: The color. Blood red.
text: Mark touches her face. Marnie stops, frozen.
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: And hair to match.
text: Suddenly his touch feels strange. He puts his hand on the
text: back of her neck. Marnie’s eyes widen, as Mark’s eyes close.
text: She can feel his grip. He leans in. And she explodes.
dialog: 106
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Eyes, Throat, Crotch!
text: Marnie pokes Mark’s eyes, chops his throat, punches his
dialog: balls.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Ow! Marnie! What are you doing?
text: She bursts from his car door and runs in a zig-zag pattern
text: away from him. He is not chasing her.
scene_heading: INT. LORI’S HOUSE -- LATER 106
text: Marnie locks every lock behind her. Then frantically fumbles
text: for her cell phone, quickly CALLING LORI.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Pick up, pick up, pick up....
speaker_heading: LORI (0.S.)
dialog: Mom?
text: Marnie jumps. And looks up to see Lori.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You're home.
text: Lori is holding her laptop.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: You gave my rebound guy every
dialog: single one of my contacts so he
dialog: could propose in a video?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Uh--
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: That’s gonna be fun to explain to
dialog: everyone I know, including Jacob,
dialog: who I have to see right now because
dialog: that’s where my dogs are, so that’s
dialog: not uncomfortable.
text: Lori’s phone buzzes. She answers, while walking out of the
text: room. We stay with Marnie.
speaker_heading: LORI (0.S., INTO PHONE) (CONT’D)
dialog: Emily?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Wait, what? Slow down. She did
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: 108A
dialog: 109
dialog: gl.
speaker_heading: LORI (0.S., INTO PHONE) (CONT’D)
dialog: (then)
dialog: Are you kidding? Is he okay?
speaker_heading: OMITTED 107
scene_heading: EXT. APPLE STORE -- NIGHT 108
text: Marnie walks up to the store. She stops in the doorway.
scene_heading: INT. APPLE STORE -- CONTINUOUS 108A
text: Freddy helps a NERDY GIRL (20s) with her phone. Marnie
text: watches Freddy for a moment, seeing him in his element, at
text: home in his work. Freddy makes the girl laugh.
text: Marnie smiles to herself, proud of Freddy, knowing that he’s
text: going to be okay, knowing she can’t go inside. Still
text: smiling, Marnie turns away and out of the store.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GROVE -- CONTINUOUS 109
text: As soon as she does, A BELL RINGS. Marnie snaps out of her
text: smile and sees that she’s standing on the trolley tracks.
text: The TROLLEY is heading straight for her and --
scene_heading: CUT TO: BLACK
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM -- MORNING 110
text: Marnie rubs lotion on the old woman’s arm.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: See, every year the writers pitch
dialog: the studios their ideas and then
dialog: the studios choose a small
dialog: percentage of those ideas to pay
dialog: the writers to write the pilots,
dialog: and then out of those scripts, they
dialog: only pick, like, five percent of
dialog: the pilots to actually shoot. I
dialog: mean, film. And then only a
dialog: handful of those pilots makes it to
text: the air. And then only a handful
dialog: of those gets to stay on the air.
dialog: Seinfeld....
text: Marnie lets go of the woman’s arm but it stays in place,
text: pointing at Marnie.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Who? Me?
text: The old woman’s finger moves. Marnie turns.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You want me to put on the TV?
text: Marnie reaches for the remote.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought you didn’t like the news.
text: The old woman traces the air with her finger. Making small
text: half circles over and over. Marnie looks at it. Like a
text: puzzle. Trying to decipher it.
text: Just then, Marnie’s cell phone rings. She looks down to see:
text: LORI CALLING. Marnie can’t answer fast enough.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (INTO PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello? Hello?
speaker_heading: LORI (0.S.)
dialog: Mom. I need you.
scene_heading: INT. LORI’S HOUSE -- LATER/DAY 111
text: Lori opens the door to find Marnie holding a paper bag.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Did you bring ‘em?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Yeah, yeah.
text: Lori grabs the paper bag. Marnie follows her inside.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh. Those are the bagels.
text: Marnie holds up a plastic bag.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: These are the pregnancy tests.
text: Lori grabs the plastic bag. Starts towards the bathroom,
text: Marnie following.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Why did you get the jumbo pack?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, I don’t know how many times
dialog: you have to take it.
text: Lori rips open a box and unveils a white stick.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Please don’t watch me pee on a
dialog: stick?
text: Marnie turns her whole body the other away.
speaker_heading: LORI (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not really that late, for me.
dialog: It’s probably just stress. I can’t
dialog: stop sleeping, but other than that.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I just hope you know who the father
dialog: is.
text: Lori stops.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I can’t believe you just said that.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I didn’t mean it in a bad way...
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I slept with Jacob one time. When
dialog: I had to go to his house to pick up
dialog: my dogs, thanks to you. Besides,
dialog: I’m probably barren. You should
dialog: worry about that. I have a lot of
dialog: testosterone in me.
dialog: (looking at stick)
dialog: There. See? A single line. No
dialog: grand-kids. Congratulations.
text: Lori wraps the stick in toilet paper and puts it on top of
text: the piled garbage. The garbage tips over and the stick
text: shoots out. Marnie leans over it.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Lor?
text: Lori comes back and leans over it. They both see a double
text: line. It takes a second to sink in.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: What the what?
text: Lori grabs the box and pulls out a second stick.
speaker_heading: -- LATER
text: Marnie and Lori look at two sticks with double lines.
speaker_heading: LORI (CONT'D)
dialog: What the what??
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Maybe we should google it.
text: Marnie pulls out her phone.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Google what?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, it could be a false positive.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: It doesn’t work that way. It’s not
dialog: AIDS. I need to get a blood test.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: For AIDS?
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: For this, Mom! Are you here?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I’m pregnant. And I’m too old to
dialog: have an abortion. This is real.
text: Lori hugs her knees and buries her head. Marnie goes to
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, Lor. Don’t be sad.
text: Lori lifts her head.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I’m not.
dialog: 94.
dialog: her.
text: Lori tries to hide her smile but she can’t. She smiles wider
text: and wider. Marnie quickly gets just as happy.
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE -- LATER 112
text: Marnie watches Lori bounce her legs while a NURSE (50s) takes
dialog: her blood.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: My daughter was a surprise.
text: Lori smiles, then winces from the needle.
text: INT.
dialog: Lori
dialog: Lori
dialog: Lori
dialog: Lori
scene_heading: LORI’S CAR -- LATER 113
text: drives with Marnie in the passenger seat.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I should sell my house. Get
dialog: something bigger with carpets...
dialog: How am I gonna tell Jacob?
text: starts crying.
speaker_heading: LORI (CONT'D)
dialog: I can’t believe Dad’s not around.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I’m around.
text: turns to her mother and smiles.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Yeah, I know.
text: 's cell phone rings. She answers on speaker.
speaker_heading: LORI (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: NURSE (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, hon, it’s Anna in Dr. Segal’s
dialog: office. It’s negative.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: NURSE (0.S.)
dialog: I know, I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: What about all the tests I took?
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: NURSE (0.S.)
dialog: I don’t know, but we tested your
dialog: blood and urine and you’re not
dialog: pregnant. I’m sorry, hon.
text: Marnie takes out her phone, looking online.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Okay, thanks for calling.
text: Lori hangs up.
speaker_heading: LORI (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t understand.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: It says here that a false positive
dialog: could be certain types of stomach
dialog: tumors. Do you feel sick?
text: Lori looks ahead.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Yes. I feel very sick.
scene_heading: 114 INT. LORI’S HOUSE -- LATER 114
text: Lori storms into the house, heading straight for the
text: bathroom. Marnie follows.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Maybe you could ask the doctor to
dialog: test the blood for other stuff?
dialog: Like AIDS.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I don’t have AIDS.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I said like AIDS.
text: Lori picks up the bag of sticks and looks.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I don’t get it, it says if you have
dialog: two lines, that means you’re
dialog: ovu...lating....
dialog: (then)
dialog: What the fuck??
text: She holds the bag out to Marnie.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: LORI (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you kidding me? I’ve been
dialog: peeing on ovulation sticks?
text: Marnie looks at the bag.
speaker_heading: LORI (CONT'D)
dialog: You bought ovulation sticks?
text: Marnie suddenly cracks up laughing.
speaker_heading: LORI (CONT'D)
dialog: This isn’t funny, Mom.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, come on...
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Do you understand the roller-
dialog: coaster you put me on? I went from
dialog: pregnant to stomach tumors to...
dialog: ovulating in three hours....
text: Lori suddenly bursts into laughter. Marnie cracks up more.
text: The two of them roll around on the bathroom floor together,
text: hysterically laughing. Until, Lori stops. And she’s crying.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, Lor, I wasn’t laughing at you.
text: Lori can’t stop crying. Marnie wraps her arms around her.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: But this is a good thing. You
dialog: didn’t plan it.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I know.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I was just relieved to have that
dialog: decision made for me.
text: Lori sobs in her mother’s arms.
speaker_heading: LORI (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh God, I’m so sorry.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: For the way I am.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I love you the way you are.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I just miss him so much.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, maybe he’s not the one for
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Not Jacob. Dad. I miss Dad. I
dialog: miss my dad.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: I know and it’s hard to look at you
dialog: sometimes.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LORI
text: Cause half the room is missing.
dialog: (then)
dialog: And we're both alone.
text: Marnie pulls her in as tight as she can.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: We’re not alone.
text: Lori wipes away a few tears, leaning into her mother.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: See, this is what happens when you
dialog: follow the black sheep across the
dialog: country.
text: Marnie rests her head on Lori’s head.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Well, if you're a black sheep, I’m
text: a black sheep.
text: Marnie rocks her back on forth on the bathroom floor. Lori
text: slowly stops crying.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: You beat up Greg’s dad.
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: INT. LORI’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT 115
text: Marnie lies awake, staring up at the ceiling fan, Lori asleep
text: next to her. The fan cools the room with a mechanical
text: breeze. Marnie stares at the blades spinning around and
dialog: around and around and around and --
text: She gasps, sitting straight up.
scene_heading: INT. MARNIE’S APARTMENT -- LATER 116
text: Marnie searches her closet. Then pulls out a TUPPERWARE box
text: and sets it on the bed. She opens the lid. It’s full of
text: photos, memories, Joe’s old shirts. She slides things aside.
text: Looking for something. Until... her eyes light up.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL -- DAY 117
text: Marnie walks down the hall carrying something in a plastic
text: bag. She makes her way straight toward the old woman's room.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM -- CONTINUOUS 118
text: And up to the old woman’s bed. The woman turns her eyes to
text: Marnie, mouth agape, breathing.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: It’s me.
text: The woman’s hand raises into the air and points. Marnie
text: reaches into her plastic bag and pulls out a ROTARY PHONE.
text: She pulls the plug out of the hospital phone and inserts it
text: into the rotary phone. She holds it up, then lifts the
text: receiver to her ear. The old woman’s finger guides through
text: the air and lands in a slot - 7. The old woman turns her
text: finger and begins to dial. Marnie’s eyes widen - 5.
text: The woman moves her hand in the same circular motion - 4.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, shoot, I think you need to dial
dialog: a nine first, let me, darn it...
text: Marnie hangs up, tsks at herself and quickly dials a 9. Then
text: holds it out again. The woman uses all of her energy to dial
text: again -7-5-4-4-1- 7-7 - and stops.
text: Marnie waits, phone to her ear. And it rings.
text: Now Marnie’s breathing fills the room. It rings again and --
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Hello?
text: Marnie stops, can’t speak.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM -- LATER 119
text: The old lady is surrounded in stuffed animals. Marnie sits
text: next to her, holding her hand, when a MAN (40s) enters the
text: room. Marnie stands to greet him.
text: He hugs Marnie, grateful, then quickly moves to the hospital
text: bed. He leans over the old woman.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Mom?
text: The old woman looks up at him. Her eyes fill with happy
dialog: tears. His do the same.
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, it’s me, Mom. I’m here.
text: He brushes the hair off her face, kissing her hands. Marnie
text: watches, overwhelmed. The same tears fill her eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. TOYOTA BODY SHOP -- DAY 120
text: Marnie watches as her fixed Toyota is lowered to the ground.
scene_heading: INT. MARNIE’S TOYOTA -- LATER 121
text: Marnie drives up the Pacific Coast Highway, windows down,
text: perfect weather, the sun glistening on the ocean.
scene_heading: INT. MARNIE’S TOYOTA -- LATER 122
text: Marnie parks near the sand and opens the glove compartment.
text: Inside, a SEALED URN. Marnie takes it out.
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH -- LATER 123
text: Marnie walks across the sand, holding the urn. As she gets
text: closer to the water, she kicks off her shoes.
text: She steps out into the ocean, her pants getting wet up to her
text: knees. It’s colder than the Atlantic.
text: She unseals the urn. And talks to the horizon.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Joey, I don’t know if this is what
dialog: you want. But it’s all I can do.
text: She takes the ashes and begins to sprinkle them. The waves
text: move around her, sending his spirit out to sea. It’s over
dialog: too quickly.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Hold it right there.
text: A VOICE echoes across the beach. Marnie turns back to see a
text: POLICE CAR in the sand. A MALIBU COP (40s) is making his way
dialog: to her. It’s nobody she knows.
speaker_heading: MALIBU COP
dialog: What is that you’re doing?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Uh... none of your business.
speaker_heading: MALIBU COP
dialog: Ma’am, this is a private beach.
dialog: It’s illegal to be doing what
dialog: you're doing.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: You've gotta be kidding me.
speaker_heading: MALIBU COP
dialog: Can you step out of the water
dialog: please?
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: I am a resident of greater Los
dialog: Angeles. And if you want me to get
dialog: out of this ocean, you're just
dialog: gonna have to come in here and drag
dialog: me the hell out of it.
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING AREA -- LATER 124
text: Marnie is pushed into a seat, soaking wet.
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: MALIBU COP
dialog: Think about who your one phone call
dialog: is.
text: He walks out, soaking wet, and shuts the doors on her. She
text: sits and thinks about who her phone call will be.
scene_heading: EXT. JAIL -- LATER 125
text: Marnie comes down the jail steps, looks up, and stops to see
text: Zipper standing by his motorcycle, smiling. She looks
text: exhausted, but can’t help but smile when she sees him.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC COAST HIGHWAY -- LATER 126
text: Marnie rides on the back of Zipper’s bike, her arms wrapped
text: around his waist. The sun is setting and simply beautiful.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH -- SUNSET 127
text: Zipper pulls his motorcycle up to Marnie’s Toyota, still
text: parked in the lot. She steps off the bike. He cuts the
text: engine. They look at each other. The ocean sounds nearby.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Do you ever listen to Beyonce?
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: She has this song called “I Was
dialog: Here”, have you heard it?
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: I don’t think so.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: It goes... “I wanna leave my
text: footprints on the sands of time,
dialog: know there was something that I
dialog: left behind. When I leave this
dialog: world, I’ll leave no regrets, to
dialog: leave something to remember, so
dialog: they won’t forget”.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: That sounds like a good one.
dialog: 128
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Did you bail me out because you had
dialog: to as an officer of the law?
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: No, that’s actually the opposite of
dialog: what I usually do.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I bailed you out as a friend.
text: She smiles. Then reaches out and takes hold of his hand.
text: His thumb gently rubs hers. She interlocks fingers. Then:
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Do you want to go to an action
dialog: movie sometime?
text: He looks up at her. A smile spreads across his tan face.
speaker_heading: ZIPPER
dialog: Definitely.
text: They look at each other. And suddenly, slowly, they lean in.
text: He kisses her on the mouth, gently, but with fire behind it.
text: They slowly pull away. Their hands slide apart. Marnie
text: turns away, walking back to her car, smiling the whole way.
text: He watches her go, then “kick-starts” his bike and rides off.
scene_heading: INT. MARNIE’S TOYOTA -- MOMENTS LATER 128
text: Marnie climbs into the driver’s seat and shuts the door.
text: Taking a moment to realize her iPhone is on the console where
text: she left it. She picks it up to see:
scene_heading: LORI VOICEMAIL (3) JILLIAN VOICEMAIL
text: Marnie gasps, surprised. She quickly listens, in order.
speaker_heading: LORI (0.S.)
dialog: Mom, where are you? You left in
dialog: the middle of the night and I got
dialog: worried. Are you okay? Call me
dialog: back when you get this.
text: Marnie beams brighter than we’ve ever seen her. She hits the
text: next voicemail.
speaker_heading: LORI (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, it's me, I hope you're not mad
dialog: at me. Maybe just text me and let
dialog: me know that you got this. Okay,
dialog: love you.
dialog: 104.
text: Marnie’s eyes well with happy tears. She hits the next
text: voicemail.
speaker_heading: LORI (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, I'm officially worried.
dialog: Where are you? Call me. This is
dialog: weird. This is your daughter.
text: She hits another voicemail. Jillian’s voice comes on.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, Marnie. It's Jillian. I was
dialog: wondering if you could watch Tehya
dialog: for me today...
text: Marnie’s eyes shoot open.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: The nanny is sick and Dani and I
dialog: have this thing at seven....
text: Marnie looks at the clock.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: So if you could be here by then...
text: Turns the ignition. And takes off.
text: Marnie drops her phone.
scene_heading: INT. JILLIAN’S HOUSE -- LATER/NIGHT 129
dialog: 129
text: Jillian opens the door to see Marnie panting, out of breath.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN
dialog: You are a lifesaver.
text: Jillian hugs Marnie, then shouts into the house.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: We're leaving!
dialog: (then, to Tehya)
dialog: Grandma Marnie is here!
dialog: Dani!
text: Little Tehya comes running up to Marnie. She bends down and
text: Tehya’s tiny arms wrap around her neck. It’s the greatest
dialog: feeling in the world.
speaker_heading: JILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you mind putting her to bed?
text: Tehya runs up the stairs to her room. Marnie follows her.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Sure.
dialog: 130
scene_heading: INT. TEHYA
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: 'S ROOM -- MOMENTS LATER 130
text: Tehya kicks around some toys, while Marnie situates herself
text: in a nearby rocking chair.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: What should we do? You want me to
dialog: tell you a story?
speaker_heading: TEHYA
dialog: Yeah.
text: Tehya hands Marnie a book.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Oh, I know this. I used to read it
dialog: to my Lori.
text: Tehya peels open the pages and Marnie begins to read.
dialog: Tehya lies
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (reading)
dialog: “The Skin Horse had lived longer in
dialog: the nursery than any of the others.
dialog: He was so old that his brown coat
text: was bald in patches and showed the
text: seams underneath, and most of the
text: hairs in his tail had been pulled
text: out to string bead necklaces. He
dialog: was wise, for he had seen a long
text: succession of mechanical toys
text: arrive to boast and swagger, and by-
dialog: and-by break their mainsprings and
dialog: pass away, and he knew that they
dialog: were only toys, and would never
dialog: turn into anything else. For
dialog: nursery magic is very strange and
dialog: wonderful, and only those
dialog: playthings that are old and wise
dialog: and experienced like the Skin Horse
dialog: understand all about it.
text: down in her lap. Marnie clears her throat.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘What is REAL?’ asked the Velveteen
dialog: Rabbit one day... ‘Does it mean
dialog: having things that buzz inside you
dialog: and a stick-out handle?’ ‘Real
dialog: isn't how you are made,' said the
dialog: Skin Horse. ‘It's a thing that
dialog: happens to you.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: 130A
dialog: 131
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: When a child loves you for a long,
dialog: long time, not just to play with,
dialog: but REALLY loves you, then you
dialog: become Real.' 'Does it hurt?' asked
dialog: the Rabbit. 'Sometimes,' said the
dialog: Skin Horse, for he was always
dialog: truthful. ‘When you are Real you
dialog: don't mind being hurt.' 'Does it
dialog: happen all at once, like being
dialog: wound up,' he asked, ‘or bit by
dialog: bit?' 'It doesn't happen all at
dialog: once,' said the Skin Horse. 'You
text: become. It takes a long time.
dialog: That's why it doesn't happen often
dialog: to people who break easily, or have
dialog: sharp edges, or who have to be
dialog: carefully kept.
text: She has trouble reading, keeping the tears from her eyes.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Generally, by the time you are
dialog: Real, most of your hair has been
dialog: loved off, and your eyes drop out
dialog: and you get loose in the joints and
dialog: very shabby. But these things don't
dialog: matter at all, because once you are
dialog: Real you can't be ugly, except to
dialog: people who don't understand.”
text: She stops.
speaker_heading: TEHYA
dialog: More.
text: She blinks the tears away, then turns to the girl. And
text: smiles. Opening up the book again.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: More.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES -- DAY - SOME TIME LATER 130A
text: The sun is shining. Another blue-sky day. Marnie’s Toyota
text: makes its way down a tree-lined street.
scene_heading: INT. MARNIE’S TOYOTA -- CONTINUOUS 131
text: Marnie holds her cell phone in her hand, her daughter’s
text: picture on the home screen.
text: She looks at the phone, waiting for it to get service.
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: NO SERVICE. ONE BAR. TWO BARS. FULL BARS.
text: Marnie pulls up her list of FAVORITES: LORI and ZIPPER. She
text: chooses Lori. The phone rings and rings and then:
speaker_heading: LORI (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, it's Lori, leave a message.
text: Marnie waits for the BEEP. Takes a breath.
speaker_heading: MARNIE
dialog: Anyway... I just wanted to see what
dialog: you were up to and how your date
dialog: went last night... or whatever you
dialog: said to call it... I don’t know how
dialog: much longer I’m gonna have
dialog: service....
text: As Marnie continues, CREDITS BEGIN TO ROLL OVER HER.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Cause I’m headed to Topanga to see
dialog: my friend with the chickens, and
dialog: also that new Jason Statham movie
dialog: about the guy who stops time. It
dialog: looks fabulous. And then I told
dialog: Jillian that I'd baby-sit Tehya
dialog: tomorrow, so I’1l be in the
dialog: neighborhood if you want me to drop
dialog: off any bagels....
scene_heading: FADE TO: BLACK
text: OVER BLACK: Credits continue. And so does Marnie.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (OVER BLACK) (CONT'D)
dialog: «+. Or read to me what you’re
dialog: working on or whatever... Cause I
dialog: was thinking that maybe next
dialog: weekend I might take a ride out to
dialog: the desert maybe. Not sure if I’m
dialog: gonna stay overnight, but.... It’s
dialog: just something I’ve been thinking
dialog: about.... Seeing the desert....
dialog: And, you know, it’s right there,
dialog: so.... Anyway, call me. Love you.
text: Marnie thinks she’s hung up. But we still hear her. She
text: starts humming to herself. Then, finally realizes.
speaker_heading: MARNIE (OVER BLACK) (CONT'D)
dialog: Ooh.
text: Marnie hangs up.
dialog: 
