speaker_heading: THE
speaker_heading: LAST
speaker_heading: BLACK
speaker_heading: MAN
speaker_heading: IN
speaker_heading: SAN
speaker_heading: FRANCISCO
dialog: 4.11.18
dialog: Screen play by Story by
dialog: Joe Talbot & Rob Richert Joe Talbot & Jimmie Fails
scene_heading: EXT. HP SHIPYARDS / HP BUS STOP - SUNRISE
text: An eight-year-old African-American girl with knockers in her
text: hair stands on a desolate sidewalk behind yellow caution
text: tape. She licks a candy and gazes upwards - spellbound.
text: A man in a hazmat suit glides along the pavement, Darth Vader
text: breaths heaving from his space-mask. He loads pieces of trash
text: and plants into hazardous waste bags. In the distance, more
text: men in hazmats crawl along a decaying dock, collecting
dialog: various items.
text: The little girl breaks her gaze and begins down the street,
text: running her hand along the caution tape. A voice appears.
speaker_heading: PREACHER (0.S.)
dialog: Why they got suits on and we don't?
dialog: Something is going on right in
dialog: front of our face. But you stuck on
dialog: your i-phone, j-phone 12, whatever.
dialog: Blow up in your hand! You cant
dialog: Google whats goin’ on right now.
dialog: They lucky I’m aman of god now. Or
dialog: I'd suicide bomb this mother-.
text: Tracking with her, we land on a black man in his Sunday best.
text: He stands on a box, shouting at nobody in particular.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: Are ya'll paying attention? Why do
dialog: they have suits on and we don’t?...
dialog: Why?!?! Listen to me man!
text: An old lady drives by and honks supportively at the Preacher.
text: He waves without breaking focus.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: They here to clean this water? Man,
dialog: this water been funky as the devils
dialog: mouth for fifty years and now they
dialog: wanna clean it up?!?!.. Not for you
dialog: and me, no sir! They got plans for
dialog: us.
text: He points his chin in disgust at the men in white suits.
speaker_heading: PREACHER (0.S.)
dialog: They got those suits on lookin like
dialog: a George Jetson rejects because
text: they weak. Weak hearts. Weak lungs.
dialog: They cant even breathe out here
dialog: without a mask on. We were made to
dialog: be put through hell to be purified.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: PREACHER (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: You understand what I’m saying
dialog: brothers and sisters. That’s why I
dialog: urge you. Do not consummate with
dialog: white women. Protect the black seed
dialog: and leave us the hell alone. Unless
dialog: you came to really help us.
text: Across the street at a run-down bus stop, two African-
text: Americans in their early 20s, JIMMIE FAILS and MONTGOMERY
text: ALLEN, look at the scene, idly regarding it.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Crazy what jail will do to a nigga.
text: Montgomery studies the man while he writes in his journal.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: They lucky I’m a man of God now or
dialog: they'd catch this fade!
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: You think he rehearses this every
dialog: morning?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
text: Seems a bit more impromptu.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Hm?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I think he’s improv-ing.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: It’s 2019 out here, we been yelling
dialog: about this water since before they
dialog: was born!
text: Jimmie looks anxiously for the bus down the empty road.
text: Camera begins to slowly push towards him.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Where’s this bus, man? We’re gonna
dialog: be late.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: We'll get there.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: So I urge y’all to fight for your
dialog: land!
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: We’re not gonna get there, bro.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: Fight for your home! Fight! For!
dialog: Your! Home!
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Let’s skate.
text: Jimmie slowly looks to Mont.
text: Mont turns to Jimmie.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO STREETS - MORNING - TRAVELING
text: HP SHIPYARDS - Montgomery and Jimmie ride together on his
text: skateboard. They kick and maneuver in unison.
text: They skate past decaying docks and industrial buildings. The
text: preacher's sermon continues as the "Main Score" begins.
speaker_heading: PREACHER (V.O.)
dialog: This here, THIS is the edge brah.
dialog: The final frontier of manifest
text: destiny. The last edge of the city,
dialog: last edge of the country! Man, two
dialog: steps further and you'd be drinking
dialog: that filthy salt water.
text: ILLINOIS ST BRIDGE - Jimmie and Mont skate over the bridge.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: We built these ships, dredged these
dialog: canals, in the San Francisco they
dialog: never knew existed.
text: HP CORNER STORE - The young men shoot past a corner store
text: with a man sitting in front of a mural of himself. He waves.
text: Hunters Point residents are out in their Sunday’s best.
text: PORTOLA ROSE GARDEN - They pass construction workers pulling
text: apart a decaying roof across from cookie-cutter homes.
speaker_heading: PREACHER (V.O.)
dialog: And now they wanna build something
dialog: new?!? Whole blocks half in the
text: past, half in the future.
text: BERNAL HILL - Jimmie and Mont climb a mountainous hill, the
text: sun rising over the shipyards at their back. As they summit
text: the final red boulder, we see a sprawling civilization below.
speaker_heading: PREACHER (V.O.)
dialog: But should you venture into their
dialog: San Francisco, the one they pillage
dialog: for gold, remember your truth in
text: the city of facades.
text: The young men walk hurriedly through an altogether different
text: world; grand Victorians line the street.
text: Jimmie and Montgomery zip towards the sprawling metropolis.
text: The duo bomb a rollercoaster hill. This is a serious journey.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN - MORNING - Mont turns and stares out at all
text: the commuters. He drinks in the city’s new population.
text: TENDERLOIN - The young men pedal in unison past droves of
text: homeless. A shoe flies by their heads. They duck and turn to
text: see a crazed man running alongside them, ripping off layers
text: of clothes as he keeps pace. He shouts incoherently.
speaker_heading: PREACHER (V.O.)
dialog: Look at them look at you, look down
dialog: at you. But we built them.
text: Jimmie and Montgomery skate past towering buildings.
text: FILLMORE - The young men skate through an altogether
text: different world; grand Victorians line the street.
speaker_heading: PREACHER (V.O.)
dialog: We are these homes. Their eyes...
dialog: We narrow in on the details of one very special home as we
text: intercut with details of Jimmie skating towards it:
text: Two big attic windows, like eyes stare down on the street.
text: Jimmie staring forward, focused, skates with determination.
speaker_heading: PREACHER (V.O.)
text: Their pointed brims.
text: A crooked witch hat tower sprouting from the roof.
text: Jimmie’s beanie rises into frame as he pedals.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
text: We move as they move.
text: An old curtain flaps in the window.
text: Jimmies clutches his coat, flapping alongside him.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
text: Our sweat, soaked in the wood.
text: Dew drops glisten on hand-carved fish scale walls.
text: Jimmie’s cheeks are dotted with sweat.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: Gilded in our image.
text: Jimmie’s gold chain floats upwards glinting in the light.
text: A tall door with chipped gold leafing catches morning sun.
text: The music climbs with each new detail until!
scene_heading: EXT. "THE HOUSE" - MORNING - CONTINUOUS
text: Jimmie and Montgomery stand in silence. They look up at a
text: beautiful but crumbling three-story Victorian.
text: Jimmie crosses the street towards The House like a moth to a
text: flame, Mont just behind.
text: Jimmie and Mont approach the front gate and peer through the
dialog: bars.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Are you sure they’re gone?
text: Jimmie pushes open the gate.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Jim...
text: Jimmie floats up the steps, beckoned by some higher spirit.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: Her car’s gone...
text: A couple with a stroller and dog pass Mont.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (trying to appear normal)
dialog: How you doing?
text: The couple don’t seem to care. Mont peeks back up to Jimmie
text: and closes the gate behind him gently.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (CONT’D)
dialog: Let’s check the back, hm? Remember
dialog: that time he was in the kitchen?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Sure, yeah- But bra, did I not tell
dialog: you...
text: Jimmie presses a ring of paint swatches against the railing.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s Periwinkle. Not Black.
text: Mont ascends the step jotting this down into his book.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Mhmm, got it.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Ugh. This garden is a nightmare...
text: Jimmie continues up the steps out of frame.
text: 3.1 SIDE ALLEY - Jimmie continues forward, he’s on a mission.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I'll bring my Grandpa’s tools next
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Sick...
text: 3.2 BACKYARD - Through an empty back window, we see Jimmie rise
text: up the steps. He peers into The House. A moment of soothing
dialog: calm and then...
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
text: Jesus, wallpaper’s peeling too.
dialog: These people...
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Yeah but Jim, you’re not gonna go
dialog: inside.
text: Jimmie’s eyes shift. He has other ideas.
text: He walks down the steps.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: They're definitely gone though.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Let’s be quick this time, hm?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah I know. It just takes time.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I know, I'll be at my spot.
text: FRONT OF “THE HOUSE" - Montgomery sits at his look-out perch,
text: flipping past old sketches of Jimmie.
text: Jimmie paints the windowsill.
text: We cut wide to see he’s standing atop a bird bath.
text: He leans onto his tippy toes to peer inside once more. He
text: sees a sad yellow table in the empty room. He leans forward a
dialog: little more...a little more, a-
text: WHAM! A croissant hits the window beside him. Jimmie turns.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Jesus!
text: MARY AND TERRY ZWIGOTT stand there. Mary has a fruit in her
text: hand ready to throw.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He’s back again?! GET THE HECK
dialog: OUTTA HERE MAN!
text: She throws it. Terry grabs her arm mid-throw.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Hun, those are 3 dollars!
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Stop fffixing my house!
text: Jimmie tries to finish his job vigorously.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I’m almost done. Hold on.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Go paint the neighbors! Theirs is
dialog: worse than ours!
text: Jimmie continues to work faster.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I’m almost done!
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Look, we will call the cops, man!
dialog: I’m serious this time.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: We’re NOT gonna call the cops. Just
dialog: stop coming back.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Fine. I’1l finish it next time.
dialog: God.
speaker_heading: MARY
scene_heading: NEXT TI- GET OFF MY FUCKING BIRDIE
dialog: BATH!
text: Jimmie jumps off. BULLSEYE! She pegs him with a bread loaf.
text: Jimmie runs away. She shakes her head in confused
dialog: frustration.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Water the plants in the back or I
dialog: will!
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Ugh! Why am I always the villain?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Honey, I don’t like these divisive
dialog: terms like villain.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It’s insulting...I’m at the
dialog: hospital all day long. I wish I had
dialog: time to just fix up the house...
dialog: wierd-ass kid.
text: On the street, Mont and Jimmie make a hasty escape. Mont
text: drops the board and Jimmie leaps atop it.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (0.S.)
dialog: Bro, you were supposed to be look
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (0.S.)
dialog: I got distracted.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: You were the one so worried about
dialog: them coming home!
text: They laugh.
scene_heading: EXT. HP SHIPYARDS / MONTGOMERY'S HOUSE - DAY - TRAVELING
text: Jimmie skates down the center of the street, Montgomery
text: trotting beside him.
text: They pass kids hiding in the bushes, men in bowties selling
text: bean pies, girl rappers and their DP shooting a video, and a
text: man watching his grandson fix his car.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Bra, what if OG is right - you
dialog: should really stop eating the fish
dialog: out there.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I think it’s fine, I mean all fish
dialog: has mercury.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: No, but I saw a seagull with a
dialog: dick, dude.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Well so, I guess it was male.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Na bra, like a human dick.
dialog: Something wrong with that water,
dialog: bra.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Eh, my grandpa said the hazmats are
dialog: just there to scare us.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Nooo bro, they're not...
text: We push past Jimmie and Montgomery, past rocky projects and a
text: hand-painted station wagon, and land on a group congregating
text: in front of Montgomery's home.
speaker_heading: NITTY
dialog: Bra, don't kick that Tumbleweave on
dialog: me.
text: Nitty dodges the ball of dirt, weave, and god knows what.
text: As we near, we see them clearly: NITTY (the group leader),
text: GUNNA (the look out), FRESH (the quiet one), KOFI (Fresh's
text: big cousin), STUNNA (talks too much) and a few others.
dialog: Although this Greek Chorus' homes are elsewhere in Hunters
dialog: Point, this slab of concrete is where they live.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: STUNNA
dialog: Aye Kofi, I seen your moms, she was
text: missing a little bit on top.
text: The group bursts out laughing. Kofi gives a weak smile,
text: trying to mask his wounded ego.
text: Montgomery and Jimmie reach the front steps of the house.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I mean, we shower in the same
dialog: water, Jimmie.
text: The Greek Chorus turns - having overheard this.
speaker_heading: GUNNA
dialog: So now these niggas showering
dialog: together?
speaker_heading: FRESH
dialog: Probably was.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Thats fruity.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Naw I was trying to tell him don’t
dialog: eat the fish, it’s toxic.
speaker_heading: NITTY
dialog: Well. Duh. They built the atomic
dialog: bomb right there.
text: The group looks out at the water. Montgomery turns back to
text: Nitty. A small, wry smile spreads across Montgomery's face.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (whispering to Nitty)
dialog: I don’t think that’s true.
text: Jimmie and Montgomery slowly shuffle past the Greek Chorus up
text: to Montgomery's house, an old sea captain's lodgings.
text: Hovering above the house's backyard are the most notorious
text: housing projects in the city.
scene_heading: INT. MONTGOMERY'S LIVING ROOM - DUSK
text: Jimmie sits on the couch beside Montgomery and his GRANDPA,
text: who both clutch beers. Grandpa's smile holds a hint of
text: widowed sadness he's too considerate to burden others with.
text: The shimmering blue light of the TV illuminates the mens'
text: faces as if radiating from an aquarium.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN (ON TV)
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: EDMOND O’BRIEN (ON TV)
dialog: I'd like to see the man in charge.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (whispering to Grandpa)
text: He’s walking him into the Chief's
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Oh dear...
speaker_heading: EDMOND O’BRIEN (ON TV)
dialog: I'd like to report a murder.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Now who's that?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Edward O. Ryan?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Mhm, Edmond O’Brien, that’s right.
speaker_heading: POLICE CHIEF (ON TV)
dialog: Who was murdered?
text: They all lean in.
speaker_heading: EDMOND O’BRIEN (ON TV)
dialog: I was.
text: Montgomery and Grandpa chuckle.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Oh god.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: What? How?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Just watch.
text: Through a window behind the trio, we see Mont's rowboat
text: hitched to a dock across the street. Beyond the dock, the
text: twinkling lights of ships sprinkle the Bay.
scene_heading: INT. MONTGOMERY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Mont lies in bed, writing a note on his wall.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (0.S.)
dialog: Hey Mont. Montgomery... How do I
dialog: get them out of the house?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Hm?
text: We can hear Jimmie Peeing.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: What if I pee'd on their table?
dialog: 12.
text: After a moment, Jimmie peels back a curtain, and leans into
text: Mont’s bedroom.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Like - I just climb the birdie
dialog: bath, broke in, and pee'd all over
dialog: the little stupid yellow table?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Wouldn't that ruin the floors?
text: Jimmie climbs into his cot on the floor, nested snug between
text: the bathroom and Montgomery’s bed.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah I guess you got a point there.
text: Jimmie stares at the ceiling, still thinking.
text: A gunshot reverberates in the distance.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: 44 magnum.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: 10 blocks.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
text: Closer.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Hm....Maybe they’d let me live
dialog: there as like a caretaker for the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: We like having you here Jim.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I know bra...But there’s no place
dialog: like home.
dialog: 13.
text: Jimmie rolls over and looks at the wall. We see a picture of
text: him as a young boy on the front porch with lots of family.
text: Beyond the photograph, we see old pin ups, a work To Do list
dialog: for The House, old photos of The House, and more family
dialog: photographs.
scene_heading: EXT. MONTGOMERY'S HOUSE - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Faint echoes of laughter spill from the house. Below, the
text: Greek Chorus jaw playfully under a streetlight. The Preacher
text: walks past them and they fall hush. A distant foghorn groans.
text: As he passes out of ear shot, their laughter rises behind
text: him, swallowing him up. Cop car lights flash off screen.
scene_heading: EXT. HP DOCK / HP BAY - MORNING
text: BLACK - with a pinhole pinch of light. We are a rock in the
text: hand of a child. Mischievous cackles surround us. The child
text: launches us high into the sky.
text: As we descend back to earth, we tumble towards a group of
text: hidden kids, who all scatter except one. He sees them run off
text: and then looks up too late, just as the camera hurtles
text: towards him - WACK - we collide with his head.
text: From the bay, we see two groups of warring neighborhood kids
text: hailing scores of rocks at each other from behind makeshift
text: forts. A few scream insults borrowed from older brothers.
text: Montgomery watches the dangerous child's game unfold from the
text: serenity of his rowboat a hundred yards out. He sketches the
text: strange scene, trying to capture the drama before him, like a
dialog: blueprint for a future stage play.
text: Suddenly, a three-headed fish flops onto the deck of the
text: boat. Montgomery stares at the floundering oddity.
text: A moment later Mont is on the dock shouting lines, leaping
text: back and forth as if playing opposing characters in a scene.
text: He’s working out the lines of a shouting match between the
text: preacher and a hazmat clean up man.
text: Mont gets a good idea and jots it down.
scene_heading: INT. CHINESE GROCERY - AFTERNOON
text: *Bloop, bloop.* Red Rock Cod swim in place in an overcrowded
text: tank. A hand plunges into the tank and grabs one.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 14.
text: Montgomery stands behind the fish counter of the Chinese
text: supermarket, his apron smeared with fish guts. Behind him,
text: Mont’s colleague reaches around the tank. Jimmie bored,
text: making a whirlpool with his finger in the open tank.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Did you get any writing done this
dialog: morning?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
text: Eh. Mngh. Writing is rewriting.
dialog: It's all a part of it-
text: An old Chinese woman politely tries to flag Mont’s colleague.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I can help you, ma’am.
text: Jimmie swigs a Pepsi and Montgomery prepares her meat.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE HOUSE" - LATE AFTERNOON - TRAVELING
text: Jimmie weaves down the street on his board. He approaches
text: "The House," and slows to a halt in front.
text: The windows glow, as night approaches. Inside, Mary and Terry
text: mill about. Jimmie reviews his paint job from days prior, and
text: surveys the home's storybook magnificence.
text: His eye catches something. He approaches the house and yanks
text: an offending dog doo bag from the front vines. He tosses it
text: in the neighbor's yard and skates away.
scene_heading: EXT. RETIREMENT HOME - DUSK
text: A nurse helps an old man on the steps of a Victorian in the
text: Haight. Jimmie skates in wearing orderly clothes. He climbs
text: the steps where a few elderly residents sit.
scene_heading: INT. RETIREMENT HOME PHYLLIS'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: PHYLLIS, a frail white woman with big scared eyes, lies on
text: her bed, hair perfectly brushed and draped in jewelry. She
text: stares blankly at Jimmie as he removes her pants and preps
dialog: her for bed.
text: LIZZIE, her pretty granddaughter around Jimmie's age, sits on
text: a sofa across the room. Her phone lights her oblivious face.
dialog: 13
dialog: 15.
text: Phyllis’ record player begins to skip. Jimmie looks to Lizzie, too
text: deep in swiping to notice the looping line "over the mountain."
text: Jimmie places Phyllis on the bed, her pants halfway down.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: (to Lizzie)
dialog: Oh, no, don't get up.
text: Lizzie doesn't seem to hear him. He fixes the needle. He
text: returns to Phyllis and lifts her again. She glances up at him
text: appreciatively and begins humming the tune.
speaker_heading: PHYLLIS
dialog: Thank you James.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Us natives gotta stick together.
text: Her initial confusion turns to a nodding smile, as if just
text: remembering she is a native.
speaker_heading: STUNNA (0.S.)
dialog: He SO soft tho. You old marshmallow
dialog: powderpuff ass nigga.
scene_heading: EXT. HP SHIPYARDS / MONTGOMERY'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Gunna and Fresh laugh hard as Kofi gets roasts. Nitty pushes
text: through the uproar and gets in Kofi’s face, laughing.
speaker_heading: NITTY
dialog: You weak brah - you a bitch!
text: Mont, walking home across the street sees Kofi getting punked
text: by his friends. Mont sets his bag down staring intently.
speaker_heading: NITTY (0.S.)
dialog: I should snatch your one ass dread
text: lookin like a Rastafarian sperm.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Man, y’all got me fucked up.
speaker_heading: STUNNA
dialog: He got you fucked up!?!? Thats all
dialog: you got to say.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Man what am I ‘sposed to do take
dialog: off on him?!?
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: NITTY
dialog: Psh - you know why he ain’t got
dialog: nothing else to say?!? I put that
dialog: on the fact that this niggas a
dialog: bitch brah.
scene_heading: INT. MONTGOMERY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Montgomery looks deep into the full-length mirror. He clears
text: his throat and takes a nip of whiskey from the cap. He begins
text: trying on different voices for size.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: What's up nigga? What...is up
dialog: nigga? Sup nigguh? Was good neeguh?
dialog: Hey nigga! How are you nigga? Good
dialog: day, nigga.
scene_heading: EXT. RETIREMENT HOME RECEPTION
text: Jimmie stands behind the front counter.
scene_heading: EXT. RETIREMENT HOME ROOF - PREDAWN
text: Jimmie sits on the steep roof of the retirement home, eating
text: canned oysters and surveying the city below.
text: In the far distance, he can see the twinkling lights of "The
text: House." He gazes at it like a nightwatchman at his post as
text: the city begins to wake at his feet.
scene_heading: INT. MONTGOMERY'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Jimmie's signature beanie, flannel, and skate-worn khakis are
text: strewn across Mont's bed, as if worn by an invisible man.
text: Mont opens the door in his long johns to find Jimmie standing
text: at his mirror. He's in low-hanging jeans and a studded belt,
text: considering two different goon shirts.
text: Montgomery freezes.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Are you going to see your dad?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I mean, I was thinking about it.
dialog: But nah. You ready to go?
dialog: 18
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Nearly, I'll get my tools.
text: Mont nods and returns to brushing his teeth as he walks off.
text: Jimmie self-consciously removes his fitted cap.
scene_heading: EXT. HP BUS STOP - AFTERNOON
text: Mont and Jimmie sit at their regular busstop, waiting
text: gardening tools in hand.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Man where is this bus. We got hella
dialog: gardening.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Hey Jim... didn’t you used to live
dialog: in that car?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Oh god.
text: The car wipes frame
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (CONT'D)
text: From a house to an El Dorado.
text: A rusty car clunks toward them, duck-farting and hiccuping
text: yellow smoke. They watch the car as it gasps for breath.
text: BOBBY, a middle-aged man with a sunny disposition, sticks his
text: head out of the taped-up window.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Jimmay!
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: (unenthusiastically)
dialog: Hey, Bobby.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Haha! Whats your farming ass doing
dialog: in the street with a rake?
text: Jimmie tracks the car as it huffs its way out of frame.
text: The car does an illegal U-turn, hitting the curb across the
text: street, and screeches to a halt in front of the young men.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Where y'all headed?
dialog: 19
dialog: 18.
text: Jimmie checks to make sure the bus isn't coming.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. BOBBY'S CAR - AFTERNOON - TRAVELING
text: Bobby nudges Jimmie jovially.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Jimmie the farmer - with your bitch
dialog: ass.
text: A children’s 49er’s sticker stuck to the passenger car door.
text: Jimmie’s scratches at it.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Still the same.
text: Montgomery studies the backseat, which has been converted
text: into a bedroom with satin sheets and window curtains. Little
text: plastic bags litter the pillows.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yeah! I like what you and your Pops
dialog: did with it.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: So much you drove off with it?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Aw, I'm just borrowing it. But man,
dialog: I seen your daddy the other day.
dialog: That man is alone!
text: Bobby laughs. Jimmie looks confused by this characterization.
text: Mont mumbles to himself in the back as not to eavesdrop.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Wooh! So alone.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Okay?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I told him get a woman, or a dog!
dialog: Something!
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Bro...you live in a car...by
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yeah, I'm not alone! People like
dialog: me, I'm liked. He over there alone,
text: spitting sunflower seeds in a cup.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Well maybe you should go hang out
dialog: with him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Maybe YOU should go hang with him!
dialog: When's the last time YOU seen him?
text: Jimmie looks out the window, sour.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: That's why a man has kids, keep him
dialog: company, shit.
text: The car pulls to a stop.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Look at these motherfuckers. You
dialog: know how many of them Imma outlive?
text: Bobby looks out his window at people in a park on laptops.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
text: Park full of ulcers and panic
dialog: attacks. Hemorrhoids. Wanting
dialog: responsibility. Tryna own what’s
dialog: temporary.
text: Bobby looks to Jimmie, who stares at a burned out empty lot.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit, that’s gonna be them next
dialog: though.
text: Jimmie studies a mustachioed construction worker leaning
text: against the empty lot’s fence, smoking a cigar.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Used to be 100 motherfuckers in
dialog: there. With rent control. They
dialog: thought that was theirs too.
dialog: Landlord burned ‘em out. Cuz he
dialog: thought it was his. But you can’t
dialog: never own land in America.
text: Jimmie doesn’t respond, transfixed.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: This car ain’t mine and it wasn’t
dialog: never yours. Imma’ outlive your ass
dialog: too, Jimmie.
dialog: 19.1
dialog: 20
dialog: 20.
text: The worker breaths his smoke at Jimmie like a devil. The
text: faint sounds of striking hammers rise. We push towards the
text: worker, over the fence, and in the depths of hot tar fields.
text: Hulking construction men zap at iron with welding torches and
text: pound away at hunks of steaming tar like satan’s henchmen.
text: The sound of boiling bubbles rise as we cut to -
scene_heading: EXT. "THE HOUSE" - AFTERNOON - TRAVELLING
text: Jimmie and Montgomery walk through the Fillmore, gardening
text: tools in hand. As they approach "The House," Jimmie's eyes
text: widen. He continues forward, mouth agape, as men in uniforms
text: carry boxes past him. He stands frozen like a zombie.
text: Mary cries into Terry's shoulder as a mover carries a box
text: down the front steps of "The House." Terry looks up to see
text: Jimmie and Montgomery with their tools and puts a hand up as
dialog: if to say not today boys.
text: Jimmie turns to the nearest mover.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Excuse me, what’s going on?
text: He shrugs and trudges back to the house. ARTURO sits in the
text: truck, shaking his head, upset. Jimmie approaches cautiously.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir, what’s happening?
speaker_heading: ARTURO
dialog: She’s beautiful and I like her, but
dialog: right now I cannot do that, because
dialog: she fighting.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: What? Fighting what, who?
speaker_heading: ARTURO
dialog: Fighting because her sister wants
dialog: to get her out the house. I cannot
dialog: be here.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Fighting about what?
speaker_heading: ARTURO
dialog: Yeah because her mom died and now
dialog: whose gonna have the house? Who
dialog: gonna posses the house?
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: But for what?
speaker_heading: ARTURO
dialog: That's what white people do, they
dialog: lose a family and they wanna
text: collect it, and grab it, and posses
dialog: it. This is mine, this is yours. I
dialog: cannot help her. It’s
dialog: unprofessional.
text: Jimmie looks back at Mary sobbing. He glances up at the
text: massive house.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: So what happens to it now?
text: Jimmie stares at Mont.
scene_heading: EXT. HP PROJECTS - AFTERNOON - TRAVELING
text: Skateboard wheels roar against the pavement as Jimmie pounds
text: the concrete, almost in tears.
text: Montgomery runs alongside like a kid who never played sports.
text: He glances at Jimmie, wondering if he'll slow down.
text: Jimmie's legs seem to double in speed as his mind races. He
text: breaks his long stare to check on Montgomery. He's no longer
text: beside him. He slows to a halt and looks back.
text: Montgomery is kneeled over, panting. He points up.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Wanna...Get...Candy?
text: Jimmie's eyes follow Montgomery's finger up the hill to a
text: line of people filing out of the door of a housing project.
scene_heading: INT. CANDY HOUSE - AFTERNOON
text: Jimmie and Montgomery stand in a line made up of mostly kids.
text: LORETTA, the proprietor of the makeshift store, sits behind a
text: folding table with a cash box on her lap.
text: Darrel, now counting candy bars instead of throwing rocks,
text: places them into a purple bag and hands it to his mother.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: 10 bucks, sweetheart.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: GROWN ASS MAN
dialog: Since when?!
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Since that’s the best deal you're
dialog: gonna get for sixty Twix, hon.
speaker_heading: GROWN ASS MAN
dialog: Sixty? No miss, I said sixteen. How
dialog: am I gonna eat 60 Twix?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I don’t know your life.
speaker_heading: GROWN ASS MAN
dialog: Man, I’m finna flip this shit.
text: Behind them, Montgomery studies his friend.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Why'd they have to move out because
dialog: her mother died?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I don't know...I wish they didn't
dialog: though. They were tasteless but at
dialog: least they didn't fuck it up.
text: Grown Ass Man exits. Loretta looks up at Jimmie and Mont.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Well if it isn't our own Tyler
dialog: Perry. When you gonna put me in one
dialog: of your plays?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (blushes )
dialog: Do you have any Saltwater Taffy,
dialog: Loretta?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You're the only reason I stock up
dialog: on that nasty shit, so yes I do.
dialog: The usual, Jimmie?...Jimmie?
text: Loretta smiles apologetically at those waiting patiently.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah. Six please.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Grrah - you’re gonna get fat again.
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: EXT. HP STREET CURB - AFTERNOON
text: Mont lays on the sidewalk chewing his candy with his mouth
text: open as Jimmie stares in his lap, pensive. A moment passes.
speaker_heading: ANDY ROY (0.S.)
dialog: Eraaay, fuhck youu Jimbo!
text: Jimmie slowly looks up to see ANDY ROY, a weathered, middle-
text: aged white skater covered in tats with his pal WHEATBERRY.
text: He whisks past, swinging a dead pigeon around like a lasso.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Yeah, fuck you back bra.
text: Andy Roy chucks the pigeon at an advertisement.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Jesus. Who's that?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: This fool Andy. Me and my dad used
text: to squat with him and these fiends.
text: Andy continues down the empty street throwing up devil horns.
speaker_heading: ANDY ROY
dialog: Hell ride! HAHA!
text: Jimmie looks over to the ad. A smiling realtor - artfully
text: made-over with a Hitler mustache, devil horns, and 666
text: sprayed across his forehead - now drips pigeon blood.
text: Something clicks for Jimmie.
scene_heading: INT. REAL ESTATE OFFICE - DUSK
text: The realtor from the ad, CLAYTON, sits in a small brick
text: office. A framed photo portrait of Ed Lee hangs on his wall.
text: Neon from a bar below spills through his window.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: So did I have a dick in my mouth?
dialog: Or, like, a Hitler mustache?
text: Jimmie smirks, a little restless. Montgomery nods politely.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Hitler mustache.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Fuck dude. They make us put our
dialog: faces on that stuff, so lame. Guess
dialog: it works though.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah we're curious about a house on
dialog: Golden Gate, near Fillmore?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Golden Gate, yeah, okay. Which one?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
text: 74, it's grey with like gold trim
dialog: and uh-
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
text: Yup yup, with the witch hat.
text: Jimmie looks impressed.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah, exactly.
text: Clayton shifts excitedly in his seat.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: That place is pretty special, man.
dialog: I used to drive past there on my
dialog: way to school every day.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Where'd you go to school?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: St. Ignatius. You're from here too?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Third generation.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Right on! Honestly, that's the kind
dialog: of property that got me into this.
dialog: If I had it, I’d take out the
dialog: inside, keep the old facade, ya
dialog: know- But, so it's for sale? I
dialog: didn't even hear about that.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Well, I'm not sure. It seems like
text: the owner and her sister are
text: fighting over it.
dialog: 25
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: The owner?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Well the lady that was living
dialog: there. But I guess her mom died.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Oh man. Oof. That sounds like an
dialog: estate thing. That's a sucky
dialog: situation.
text: Clayton scans the room, shaking his head. Jimmie looks
text: nervously at Mont.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON (CONT'D)
dialog: -..and with a house like that?
dialog: They'll be fighting over that for
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: For years?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: While it just sits there, yeah,
dialog: it’s a pity.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: So it's really just empty?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Yeah, fucked up right? All these
dialog: people on the street while these
dialog: big ol’ houses just collect dust.
dialog: But shit, cold world no blanket.
dialog: Sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah...
text: Jimmie stares at Clayton, gears turning.
text: Montgomery looks over at Jimmie.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE HOUSE" FRONT / ALLEY / BACKYARD - AFTERNOON - TRAVELLING
text: Jimmie and Mont stand silently staring up at the house. All
text: traces of its former residents are gone, save a pile of
text: newspapers. Through the curtain-less windows, the empty
text: parlor stares back unblinkingly at the young men.
dialog: 26
dialog: 26.1
dialog: 26.2
dialog: 26.3
dialog: 26.4
dialog: 26.
text: Jimmie exhales and starts towards the towering property
text: draped in fog. He makes his way down the side alley, Mont
text: following close behind.
text: Jimmie pushes open a gate to the backyard, revealing an
text: untended garden. They face the back of the house.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Bra.
text: A back door window is covered in faded stickers: KEEP TAHOE
text: BLUE / COEXIST / I'M WITH HER. A Wiccan suncatcher dangles in
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: No taste.
text: Jimmie approaches the door. He tries the knob - locked. He
text: shoulders it - barely budges.
text: He steps back, checking the neighbors' windows. Montgomery
text: takes his place beside Jimmie. They share a look. We hear
text: nothing but Jimmie's excited breath.
text: They charge towards the door. Upon impact, WE CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT."THE HOUSE" MULTIPLE ROOMS - AFTERNOON - CONTINUOUS
text: PARLOR - A SMASH echoes from the other side of the house. A
text: curtain flutters from the distant impact. The room is empty.
text: Tomb-like. Its vacancy heightens its magnificence.
text: FRONT HALLWAY - Empty. But the muffled sounds of new life -
text: rumbling footsteps and roused voices - creep closer through
text: the walls and ventilation.
text: ATTIC - Still empty. But the stomping grows louder, breathing
text: more life into the creaking floorboards.
text: LIBRARY - Laughter echoes off the walls. The house is coming
dialog: alive.
text: FRONT HALLWAY - Galumphing now thunders off the walls until -
text: SILENCE - Jimmie arrives in front of us.
text: We slowly draw away from him. Jimmie chases after us, as if
text: pulled by the spirit of the house.
text: He flies up the spiral staircase and sprints down the
text: hallway. His foot catches a corner, throwing him to the
text: ground. THUD.
dialog: 27.
text: 26.5 MASTER BEDROOM - Jimmie rolls over onto his back, blood
text: spilling from his lip as he laughs hysterically.
text: As Jimmie catches his breath, a faint voice approaches
text: outside. He picks himself up and walks towards the window.
text: A group of tourists on Segways stare up at the house through
text: the mist. The crowd of expressionless faces look like an army
text: in matching tie-dye and helmets. They circle their guide, who
text: adjusts his helmet and begins his chalk talk.
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE (CONT’D)
text: The other guides will rattle off
dialog: some stupid Summer of Love Grateful
dialog: Jefferson Quicksilverrrey. But you
dialog: distinguished truth-seekers wanna
dialog: know about in the real hep-cats who
dialog: hung out here, like James Baldwin
text: in his stylin’ ascots. Here! In the
dialog: "Harlem of the West" where Dizzie
dialog: and Miles would come play after
dialog: their white people gigs. Where
dialog: Mayor Moscone got blowjobs from
dialog: black hookers. Where Jim Jones
text: mixed his first cup of Kool Aid.
text: A couple older tourists look to each other. Their teen beams.
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Course, ‘long comes Mayor Joe
dialog: Alioto, spoiling all the fun,
dialog: leveling the neighborhood in the
dialog: name of urban renewal. Sorry about
dialog: your homes, and your funky shops -
dialog: you can set up a shoe shine stand
dialog: in the Safeway parking lot!
dialog: (he gasps for air)
dialog: And yet, a few glorious homes
dialog: survived Il Duce’s wrecking ball,
dialog: like this masterpiece dating clear
dialog: back to the 1800s.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Na bra.
text: 26.6 EXT. BALCONY - Jimmie pushes the window open and steps out.
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE
dialog: Before the black stuff, this was a
dialog: all Japanese, ‘til FDR’s storm
dialog: troopers rounded em up into camps-
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: This house was buuh!-
text: Jimmie spits a mouthful of blood to the left of the tour.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry-
text: He wipes his lip dry on his sleeve.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: This was built in the 1940s.
text: The tour guide looks quizzically up at Jimmie.
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Hey there amigo! Uh huh- Let's wave
dialog: to our neighbor here everybody.
text: A few group members tepidly wave, he lowers his voice so
text: Jimmie wont hear. Jimmie leans forward to listen.
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE (CONT’D)
dialog: That would be about 100 years late
dialog: for this style. We can see, just
dialog: from his gingerbread trim, this was
dialog: built sometime in the 1850s.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: 1946.
text: The tour guide smiles embarrassedly at his group.
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE
dialog: Hhhhm gonna have to disagree with
dialog: you there dudeman. No architect in
dialog: the 1940s was building in this
dialog: style.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: That's probably true, but this
dialog: house wasn't built by an architect.
dialog: My grandpa built this.
text: The group, including the tour guide, look up at the towering
text: piece of real estate with renewed curiosity.
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE JIMMIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Well I- He arrived in WWII, bought this
dialog: lot, and built this house. The
dialog: stairs, these windows, the
text: columns, the archways, the witch
dialog: hat, the balustrades, the fish
dialog: scales, the little spindles, the
dialog: balcony, the wall to keep y’all
dialog: the fuck out - all of it by
dialog: James Fails the First with his
dialog: own two hands in 1946.
text: Jimmie looks like a king finally restored to his throne -
text: subjects at his feet, framed in an ornate archway.
text: A tubby man snaps a pic.
text: The guide composes himself seeing he's lost his audience.
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE
dialog: Hm. Thats pretty amazing! Well, on
dialog: we go to our next stop: the closet
dialog: Patty Hearst willfully hid herself
dialog: in.
text: Jimmie smiles proudly as they flee. He turns.
text: Mont leans against a wall of the Master Bedroom, smiling.
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" PARLOR - NIGHT
text: The young men huddle around the orange glow of the fireplace
text: roasting hot dogs. The crackling fire almost feels like a
text: beating heart. Their long, phantom shadows climb the high
text: empty walls behind them.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: It's a beautiful house, Jim.
text: Jimmie takes that in, knowing Mont wouldn't just say it.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: More beautiful than I could have
dialog: imagined.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah. Not there yet but, almost.
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" MULTIPLE ROOMS - MORNING
text: ATTIC - Jimmie lays on the floor of the witch hat, pensive.
text: He stares up at the circular tower’s woodwork. He rises.
dialog: 28.1
dialog: 28.2
dialog: 28.3
dialog: 28.4
dialog: 29
dialog: 30.
text: He glides through the attic like a kid on Christmas morning,
text: his flannel worn open like a robe. He looks up at its steep
text: ceilings, remembering what was and imagining what could be.
text: FRONT HALLWAY - Jimmie runs his hand along the wood paneling
text: of the staircase.
text: PARLOR - Jimmie stands under an archway, blue and green light
text: hits his face.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Mont, wake up.
text: Montgomery starts to wake and looks up at Jimmie.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Your hair...it fits the archway
text: like a puzzle piece.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Telling you bro, I belong here.
text: ATTIC - Back inside the empty witch hat, Jimmie’s minds eye
text: twirls upwards towards the ceiling.
dialog: We cut to VHS FOOTAGE of:
text: A man clinging to a witch hat as it twirls upwards through
text: the sky. After a moment, we see a construction crane is
text: lifting the man and the witch hat higher and higher.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA (V.O.)
dialog: And what's happening now?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (V.O.)
text: He’s flying through the air.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA (V.O.)
dialog: C’mon now.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (V.O.)
text: He’s flying through the air.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA (V.O.)
dialog: Jimmie, your Grandpa was a Godly
dialog: man but he did not have super
dialog: powers.
scene_heading: INT. MONTGOMERY'S LIVING ROOM - MORNING
text: Jimmie, Montgomery and Montgomery’s Grandpa sit on the couch,
text: enraptured by the old home movie. Jimmie looks excited to be
text: the narrator for once.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
text: He’s on a crane, it’s hauling him
text: and the witch hat way high up.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Wait! You got video of that day?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah, my dad filmed it.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Hm!
text: The witch hat - and Jimmie’s Grandpa - are lowered until they
text: attach to the top of “The House.” Claps and cheers rise from
text: a crowd below. Jimmie’s grandpa waves from up high.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Wait. How do you pause? - I think I
dialog: saw Willie Mays.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Willie? No, this was after that.
text: Montgomery looks up from his crossword puzzle.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Willie Mays was at the house?
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Mhm. Willie came and paid his
dialog: respects like we all did. You'd get
dialog: here and you'd go see Pastor Jimmie
dialog: Fails, "the first black man in San
dialog: Francisco.”
text: Jimmie tries to hide a proud smile. On screen, his grandpa
text: looks almost mythical as he descends back down to Earth.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Takes a lot of charisma to let
dialog: people call you that. But he wasn't
text: far off.
text: Jimmie looks over at a shelf with photo albums.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Mr. Allen, I was also wondering can
dialog: I borrow that one picture?
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Sure son, I ain't looking at it..
text: Jimmie shoots Montgomery an excited look.
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: INT. FORREST HILL STATION - MORNING
text: Tiled walls reverberate with the guitar strums of a greying
text: black man, his case open for coin. He's turned the Top 40 emo
text: ballad "How to Save a Life" into melancholic folk. Perhaps he
text: loves the song. Perhaps he knows his audience.
text: Beside him, a half-sleeping spanger holds a sign that reads:
dialog: I U$ed To liVe here... SF nAtive
text: Jimmie and Montgomery enter frame and carry us beyond the
text: busker. A generous goon drops a bill in his case. His music
text: echoes on as we follow them down a long tunnel, past a
text: homeless family and droves of desperate masses.
scene_heading: EXT. BART, SOMEWHERE FAR AWAY - AFTERNOON - TRAVELING
text: The BART train howls. Jimmie sits in the window beside
text: Montgomery, holding a crumpled, B&W photo. In it - a dapper,
text: young Grandpa Allen hugs a man that must be Jimmie's
text: grandfather, in an elegantly decorated room.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: That's gonna be us in a few hours.
text: We pull wide as the train shoots past cookie cutter homes and
text: rolling, sun scorched hills. We're not in Frisco anymore.
scene_heading: EXT. WANDA’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON
text: A concrete ceiling. A cloudless blue floor. The young men
text: walk into view, along an upside-down suburban street.
text: A shirtless kid lies on his back across the street, his head
text: hanging upside down just off the curb. A pink lowrider
text: rumbles past. The kid flips over to reorient himself.
text: Jimmie and Montgomery, now right-side up, approach a pebble-
text: dashed single story home. Jimmie knocks on the screen door. A
text: cow moos from the hill beyond the house.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Oh Jimmie! Jimmie Jimmie Jimmie!
text: WANDA, a middle-aged woman in a bolo tie and hoop earrings,
text: yanks open the door to hug Jimmie. She rocks him back and
text: forth, then holds him at arms length to get a good look.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: It's so good to see you, sweetie.
dialog: 33
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: EXT. WANDA'S FRONT YARD - AFTERNOON - MOMENTS LATER
text: A handsome Asian man, RICKY, skates back and forth on in the
text: street on Jimmie’s board.
text: Jimmie and Wanda sit in vintage lawn chairs; Wanda in a
text: chaise lounge. Montgomery sprawls on the dead lawn beside
text: them, pulling grass. Wanda cools herself with a battery
text: powered fan. They’re sweaty, overdressed for the burbs.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Man, he better not break my board.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: You should be telling him thank
dialog: you, he helped me pick out that
dialog: board.
dialog: (looks at Ricky lusty)
dialog: Besides, sometimes it’s nice just
dialog: to watch. Ricky, do that trick you
dialog: used to do!
text: Ricky crouches to do an ollie and lands it.
text: Jimmie studies Wanda’s swoon.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Y'all hella cute- uh, how much of
dialog: the stuff you still have, Auntie?
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: (imitating Jimmie)
dialog: Oh you wanna see the STUFF? You
dialog: wanna see the STUFF?
dialog: (turning to Montgomery)
dialog: Has he been a good house guest for
dialog: you? Or does he just show up asking
dialog: you for your things?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Oh um. Uh - not yet no.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Uh huh, well if you gentlemen can
dialog: spare the time - I did set the beds
text: up in the back and Ricky’s making
dialog: his adobo.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Auntie I would love to but honestly
dialog: we should head back tonight. I got
dialog: my first place.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Woah...wow! In the city? Look at
dialog: you. Y'all must be doing pretty
dialog: well to afford a spot there.
text: Wanda smiles at Mont, who drinks his water like he's chewing
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah, we got lucky. It's super
dialog: empty thoough...
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Uhuh- And your daddy didn't send
dialog: you here right?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: You're sure?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Swear to god.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Cause I hope he's done dragging you
dialog: into his schemes.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Auntie. This is for us.
text: Jimmie looks her deep in the eyes.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Okay...Okay! Jayboe, I'm so proud
dialog: of you man, I miss that place.
text: Ricky eats shit. He looks over at Wanda with a boyish shrug.
text: She looks at him lustily, a spark reignited.
scene_heading: 34 INT. WANDA'S GARAGE - AFTERNOON - MOMENTS LATER
text: Wanda opens a garage door, revealing leaning boxes and
text: precious keepsakes. The room is a treasure trove.
text: Jimmie lifts a gorgeous red rug, revealing chest with old
text: robes and thrown-like chairs. He salivates.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Damn, I knew you had some of it,
dialog: but is this everything?
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Everything your dad didn’t smoke
dialog: up.
text: Jimmie nods.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Sorry hun, that came out a little
dialog: harsh.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I'm fine.
text: Jimmie lifts what appears to be an old champagne bottle,
text: accidentally revealing a hidden cigarette dispenser within. A
text: fan of old, yellowed Marlboros blossom out.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Woah. That's mainey.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: I always had a feeling - out of the
dialog: family, you'd be the one to come
dialog: looking for this stuff.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: What's that?
text: Jimmie walks towards a round table with a mic and headphones
text: beside a Tiffany lamp.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Oh that's my own little thing. From
dialog: now. You know I always wanted to be
dialog: a DJ.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I didn't know that.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Yeah, and it's a nice way to get to
dialog: know people out here. I just ask
dialog: ‘em questions and record it.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: That's dope.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: I'll have Ricky play it for you on
dialog: the way back. He can drive y'all.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Thank you auntie. I didn't wanna
dialog: ask, but...
dialog: 35
dialog: 36.
text: Jimmie bats his lashes coyly.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Psh, he doesn't mind, right Ricky?
text: Ricky shrugs obligingly.
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: Be nice to move somebody back for
dialog: once.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY 4 - SUNSET - TRAVELING
text: We hear nothing but a microphone crackling. Then bubbles.
text: Jimmie and Montgomery sit in the back of a stake bed truck
text: with chicken wire walls, surrounded by unique furniture.
text: Golden light strikes the rows of crops as they fly by. The
text: clean lines dance in perfect rhythm, one after the next.
speaker_heading: JANE (V.O.)
dialog: Sometimes, after a long day, I like
dialog: to come home and put my head
text: against Ponchy's chest.
dialog: (giggles)
dialog: And when he takes a sip of beer, I
text: can hear the bubbles, um, bubbling.
speaker_heading: WANDA (V.O.)
dialog: Mhm, please thank Ponchy for
text: letting us put a mic on his tummy.
text: We hear the women laugh as the bubbles fizz and pop.
text: Ricky smiles, as if hearing Wanda's laugh makes him miss her.
speaker_heading: WANDA (V.O.)
dialog: And who's this we have here?
text: A dog snores loudly.
speaker_heading: JANE (V.O.)
dialog: Well, Pepper only snores like this
text: when she's tuckered out from a long
dialog: hike. So that usually makes me feel
dialog: good, like we had an eventful day.
text: Ricky leans back and slides open the cab window. He shouts,
text: but we can barely hear him.
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: How y'all doing back there?
dialog: 36
dialog: 36.1
dialog: 36.2
dialog: 36.3
dialog: 36.4
dialog: 36.5
dialog: 36.6
dialog: 36.7
dialog: 37.
text: Jimmie stares out, mesmerized by the miles of farmland.
text: Montgomery gives a thumbs up, his hair rippling in the wind.
speaker_heading: JANE (V.O.)
dialog: I suppose, most of the sounds I
dialog: like are probably pretty regular.
speaker_heading: WANDA (V.O.)
dialog: (in a punch-in)
dialog: Far from it. Today we're joined by
dialog: our wonderful neighbor Jane from
dialog: Pine St. And now I encourage you to
dialog: listen to the sounds of your home.
text: The truck disappears into the distance.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. "THE HOUSE" MULTIPLE ROOMS - NIGHT
text: 2ND FLOOR BUTLER STAIR - The sound of floorboards creaking.
text: Ricky, Jimmie and Mont walk up the noisy steps, hands full of
dialog: furniture.
text: MASTER BATHROOM - The sound of rumbling pipes. Jimmie turns
text: on a sink. His eyes track the sound of flowing water through
text: the walls, until water gushes out of the faucet.
text: CONSERVATORY - The sound of a flame catching. Jimmie lights
text: the gas sconce with a match. The hallway illuminates with a
text: warm yellow glow.
text: LIBRARY - The sound of an old ticking clock. Mont inspects
text: the title of a book then slides it into a shelf by an old
text: exposed clock.
text: FRONT HALLWAY - The sound of a thunderous pipe organ. Jimmie
text: plays an organ built into the walls. Dust shoots out of the
dialog: pipes.
text: PARLOR - Mont runs a finger along the beads of a glass lamp.
text: ATTIC - The sound of wind howling and windows shaking. Ricky
text: peels away, waving bye to the young men through the window.
text: EXT. “THE HOUSE” - All the sounds culminate in a full chorus.
text: It's as if the skeleton of the house - now filled with
text: furniture and people - has pulsing organs and blood pumping
text: through it. A toilet flushes.
text: Montgomery picks up the final furniture off the street and
text: starts towards the house.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: So Ricky never lived here, eh?
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Nah, Wanda was in this rock
dialog: climbing phase, dating this white
dialog: dude.
text: Jimmie begins to lift a rug when he notices TIM ELLORY - a
text: retired cashmere liberal with remnants of a Connecticut
text: accent - across the street. Tim surveys the scene trying not
text: to stare, while his dog poops.
text: Jimmie trots down the steps and towards the man, with warm
text: purpose. Tim looks up, surprised.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Hi sir. I'm Jimmie Fails, we
dialog: haven't yet had the chance to meet.
text: Jimmie wipes his dusty hand and extends it. Tim takes it
text: instinctively. Jimmie shakes as if sealing a deal.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Welcome to the neighborhood!
speaker_heading: TIM ELLORY
dialog: A-ha ah, yes! Welcome. Tim! Tim
dialog: Ellory.
text: Mid-shake, Tim looks back at the house - a few pieces of
text: stunning, antique furniture remain on the street while
text: Montgomery works away in the window.
speaker_heading: TIM ELLORY
dialog: Geez, fast moving market huh, I
dialog: don't remember a sign going up.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Didn't need to, but look Tim - I
dialog: really want you to know I’m gonna
dialog: to be the best neighbor you ever
dialog: had.
speaker_heading: TIM ELLORY
dialog: Well...alright Jimmie. Thank you!
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: My pleasure. You'll have to pardon
dialog: me, we've got lots to do.
speaker_heading: TIM ELLORY
dialog: Oh, of course.
text: Jimmie half-bows, then jogs back across the street. He grabs
text: an armful of furniture and carries it inside. Tim looks on
text: slightly dazed, as Jimmie joins Montgomery in the window.
dialog: 36.8
dialog: 37
dialog: 39.
text: PARLOR - Their collection of furniture sits in the center of
text: the dark empty parlor, like pirates treasure in a hollow
text: cave. The young men study their bounty, moving wrappers
text: strewn about like Christmas morning.
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" PARLOR - MORNING
text: Jimmie lies peacefully on the couch, satin pillows crowning
text: his head.
text: Mont lays on the floor on a slapdash bed of cushions and silk
text: sheets. Both of them are draped in tapestry-turned-comforters
text: with matching wildlife landscapes.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I’m gonna drink my coffee and
dialog: scratch my ass while I read the
dialog: paper.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You don’t even read the paper.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Cuz I never had a home to read it
dialog: in.
text: A hint of excitement enters Montgomery’s face.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You think this can be really be our
dialog: home?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I just don’t want to have to keep
dialog: it secret, and lie, you know.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Sometimes you have to lie.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Plus, I think you need to be here.
dialog: The house needs you. Though I might
dialog: be crazy.
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: You're right though. Cuz you know
dialog: what’d be actually crazy? Leaving
text: it empty... Just sitting outside,
text: staring at it. That’s actually
dialog: crazy. We could throw a party... Or
dialog: put on one of your plays.
text: Montgomery’s toes wiggle at the prospect of it.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: We could yell...AHHHHHH!
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: The neighbors?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
text: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Zeeeeeeeeeeeee-hooooo!
scene_heading: EXT. FILLMORE HILL - AFTERNOON - TRAVELING
text: Jimmie sits on the back of a food truck, grinning
text: mischievously. He hangs on tightly as the truck zigzags over
text: and through the roller coaster hills.
speaker_heading: STUNNA (0.S.)
scene_heading: THIS. NIGGA'S. A.
scene_heading: EXT. MONTGOMERY'S HOUSE - SUNRISE
speaker_heading: STUNNA
speaker_heading: BITCH.
text: Silhouetted against a violent orange sky like shadow puppets,
text: the Greek Chorus' arms flail in profile as they yell.
speaker_heading: GUNNA
dialog: (to Nitty)
text: A van pulled up last night and Kofi
text: ran off like a bitch.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Never bra, I didn't even see them
dialog: niggas!
speaker_heading: FRESH
dialog: Quit lying bra, you saw ‘em.
dialog: 4l.
speaker_heading: STUNNA
dialog: (to Nitty)
dialog: He a liability bra. Li-a-bil-i-ty!
text: Montgomery watches from across the street, captivated by the
text: theatrically of the tableau. Through his eyes, it looks like
dialog: a stage production.
text: Fists slap together.
text: Mouths hurl slurs and saliva.
text: A pair of eyes cry angrily.
speaker_heading: NITTY
dialog: Alright, alright, everybody shut
dialog: up. Kofi. What happened?
text: Kofi avoids eye-contact.
speaker_heading: NITTY
dialog: Did you run, bra?
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Na, I didn’t run.
speaker_heading: NITTY
dialog: Hit me.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NITTY
dialog: Hit me.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: For what? You my folks!
speaker_heading: NITTY
dialog: Fucking hit me!
speaker_heading: FRESH
dialog: Kofi! Hit that nigga!
text: Nitty socks Kofi chest, knocking the wind out of him.
speaker_heading: NITTY
dialog: I SAID HIT ME!
speaker_heading: GUNNA
dialog: Wow, he actually soft!
text: Kofi shoves Nitty back, weak.
dialog: 40
dialog: 40.1
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: NITTY
dialog: Haha! GOD DAMNIT man. Who brought
dialog: this nigga?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (0.S.)
dialog: That’s great! That’s great! Yes!
text: They turn to see Montgomery crossing the street. He
text: approaches Nitty.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: What are we...hm....I believe you.
text: Montgomery turns to each member of the group, giving notes
text: like a theater director. We scan their confused faces. He
text: arrives at Kofi.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You're okay there.
text: Montgomery lingers for a moment, then marches back across the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Keep building it!
speaker_heading: STUNNA
dialog: Man, take yo' ass in the house!
speaker_heading: FRESH
dialog: C'mon bra, he's retarded.
speaker_heading: STUNNA
dialog: And!?
scene_heading: EXT. "THE HOUSE" - AFTERNOON
text: Red autumn leaves flit downwards like snowfall. We descend
text: with them past each gorgeous story and land on Montgomery in
text: the front yard, attempting to catch them with a garbage bag.
text: Jimmie cleans the roof’s gutter, cig in his mouth.
scene_heading: INT. “THE HOUSE” PARLOR - AFTERNOON
text: Jimmie and Montgomery hang a large photograph of Yosemite on
text: a picture ledge.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE HOUSE" BALCONY - AFTERNOON
text: Jimmie leans off the edge of the balcony, a rope tied to his
text: belt. He touches up the gold paint he can now finally reach.
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" BUTLER’S STAIRS - AFTERNOON
text: Jimmie stands at the bottom of a grand, but worn-out
text: staircase. He sips coffee from a mug.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: When you drop in bra, lean back.
text: At the top of steps, Montgomery stands awkwardly on Jimmie's
text: skateboard. He precariously leans over the top step, where
text: wooden planks have been laid to make a path down the stairs.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I'm gonna lean forward.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Bra. No.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I'm gonna.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Why would-
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Cause I'm gonna get nervous. I'm
dialog: just gonna go with that.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
scene_heading: Just- Bra. LEAN BACK. From the
dialog: start or your gonna fuck your sh-
text: Montgomery drops the board. He leans forward and tumbles down
text: the steps like a cat trying to swim. He lands upside down.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Jesus!
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" CONSERVATORY - AFTERNOON
text: Jimmie carefully peels away old wallpaper, revealing long-
text: hidden wood beneath. Montgomery lays crumpled on the floor,
text: dusty and scraped up from his tumble. He scratches away glue
text: residue from the wall, groaning.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Bruh it’s still not separating.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (groaning)
dialog: Just gotta dampen it more.
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I specifically said backwards, bra.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I wanted to know what it feels like
dialog: when you eat shit.
text: Jimmie shakes his head, smiling.
scene_heading: EXT. THE AMBASSADOR SRO - AFTERNOON
text: A black HOMELESS OPERA SINGER belts "O mio babbino caro" in
text: perfect Italian. His booming voice almost drowns out a couple
text: fighting down the street. A strung-out man dances along.
text: Jimmie watches, transfixed. Instead of his signature flannel
text: and black beanie, he's wearing the goon clothes he'd tried on
text: in Montgomery's mirror.
text: Jimmie stashes his board in a bush beside the singer and gives
text: him a dollar. He crosses the street into a brick building.
text: We tilt up the building to the 13tn floor. A man sits in the
text: window, like a deposed king banished to some sequestered
text: tower. He watches the little people scurry about as he spits
text: sunflower seeds at the world below.
scene_heading: INT. THE AMBASSADOR SRO - AFTERNOON - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jimmie flips through pirated DVDs in cellophane bags. The
text: homemade labels read: UNDER SIEGE. CLIFFHANGER. THE PATRIOT.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: I seen your cousin Al the other
text: day. Down there struttin’ around,
dialog: like a Frisco fruit cup. I know his
dialog: daddy mad as hell!
text: JAMES SR., a once-athletic man with a hard-earned rasp, sits
text: at a table cutting a cover for Chuck Norris' INVASION USA.
text: Bags of DVDs and sunflower seeds surround him.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: You still skateboarding?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Nah.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Hm.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: C'mere and help me cut these out.
text: Jimmie joins his dad at the table, adopting a slightly
dialog: different voice than we've heard him use with Montgomery.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Remember that warehouse we squatted
dialog: at with Andy and them?
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Who? Those satanists?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Ha, yeah, we lost it cause we
dialog: didn't pay taxes, right?
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Hell na, I paid OUR share of
dialog: property tax on that. But who
text: cares, ol’ drafty-ass roach nest.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: But so, why were you doing all
dialog: that? We were able to stay there
dialog: right? Nobody was fucking with us.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: At the time, yeah, but we were
dialog: trying to get it so if the cops
dialog: showed up, we could say we paid
dialog: taxes and they’d have to leave us
dialog: the fuck alone. Shit, it was that
dialog: or sleeping on the street with your
dialog: little ass.
text: Jimmie nods unsentimentally processing the information.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Right, appreciate it dad. So... if
dialog: I'm at a place now, owners left it,
dialog: and I'm gonna pay taxes-
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: And you put the gas and electric in
dialog: your name?
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Right, I'm doing that next. But, if
dialog: I been working on it for 3 years,
dialog: rent doesn't have to be cash,
dialog: right? Labor counts as payment?
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: You've been working on a house 3
dialog: years? What you been doing?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Painting, gardening, I fixed the
dialog: stairs up. I prolly still got a
dialog: bunch of the receipts too.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Okay, okay! You doing it like your
dialog: old man. That's good. And nobody's
dialog: come by to check on it?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Nope, it's empty.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Good, that buys you time. They been
dialog: gone 3 years?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Na, just recently.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Wait what? You were doing work
dialog: while they were still in it?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Where's this house?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: It's the house, in Fillmore.
text: Jimmie's dad stops smiling.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: What house?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Our old house.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Fuck you mean our old house? Have
dialog: you seen that house?
dialog: 46
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah, I go there a lot.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Then you would know that’s not your
dialog: house. And that’s not your black
dialog: ass neighborhood.
text: James Sr. angrily spits a mouthful of sunflower seeds.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Little disrespectful, lying ass...
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: What? I'm not-
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Nigga, I know you skateboard.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Oka-
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Yeah I see all the shit down there,
dialog: everybody's little path. I'm like
text: 30 steps ahead of y’all.
text: He takes a big swig of seeds.
text: They fall back into silence. Jimmie picks up the scissors and
text: starts cutting the labels.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Go on and get. Messing up my day.
text: Jimmie stares at him, frozen.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Go on.
scene_heading: EXT. FILLMORE BUS STOP - AFTERNOON
text: Jimmie sits despondent at a bus stop, his mind still
text: replaying the conversation as his leg restlessly taps away.
text: A gentleman with a grey pony tail and orange skin enters
text: frame. With the exception of tennis shoes, a backpack, and a
text: lei around his beck, he is completely naked. He puts a toilet
text: seat cover on the seat next to Jimmie and sits down.
text: Jimmie is unfazed - he’s seen this a million times.
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: NAKED MAN
dialog: Excuse me, have you been waiting
dialog: long?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: (vacantly)
dialog: Hella long, bro. I might just
dialog: skate.
speaker_heading: NAKED MAN
dialog: Oh that's nice.
text: The men turn to see a cable-car-on-wheels thumping towards
text: them with drunk partygoers spilling over the railings.
text: The vehicle slows to a halt in front of them. ZACH a black
text: techie rips off his knock-off Ray-Ban's to get a better look.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Oo! This guy fucks! Ey. Sundeep!!!
dialog: Bro... This guy fucks!
text: The others notice. Naked Man shrugs with an obliging chuckle.
speaker_heading: PARTY BUS SQUAD
scene_heading: THIS GUY FUCKS. THIS. GUY. FUCKS.
text: Naked Man offers a polite wave. The bus pulls away.
speaker_heading: NAKED MAN
dialog: Oh, this city.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I already know bra.
scene_heading: EXT. FILLMORE HILL - SUNSET
text: Jimmie bombs an epic hill, pink and purple clouds behind him.
text: His board wobbles more...and more...and PHWACK! He dives face
dialog: first into the ground as we cut to:
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" LIBRARY - NIGHT
text: Jimmie hammers angrily at a wooden door frame. BOOM-BOOM-
text: BOOM. Blood from his scrape drips down his bare shoulder.
scene_heading: BOOM-BOOM-CRACK.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
speaker_heading: FUCK!
text: Montgomery bursts in covered in paint, a roller in hand.
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You okay?
text: Jimmie sits in the door frame of a hidden room behind a false
text: bookcase. He glances back at Mont, a little embarrassed.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Jimmie laughs, embarrassed.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: This little room I used to come in
dialog: when my dad was doing his thing.
dialog: Cool right?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Yeah man. Did you see him today?
text: Jimmie scoots out as Montgomery gently swings the false wall.
text: Light swings back and forth on Jimmie’s otherwise dark face.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: How'd it go?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: He said this was a bad idea.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Well what do you think?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Maybe he’s right.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I thought you said he’s an idiot.
text: Jimmie tries not to chuckle.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: What if we shouldn’t be here
dialog: though?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Who should be here more? Some
dialog: millionaire?
text: Montgomery looks up to the wood Jimmie was working on.
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: They'd want it cause it looks nice.
dialog: You're the reason it looks nice.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I dunno-
text: DING DONG. Jimmie spins to shut the secret door. Darkness.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: The fuck?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I invited somebody.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. "THE HOUSE" FRONT HALLWAY - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Montgomery open the door. Kofi stands there, nervous.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: What's good nigga? Glad you could
dialog: make it.
text: Kofi slowly enters and slaps fives with Montgomery.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Pardon me for a sec.
text: Mont scurries off as Kofi takes in the biggest house he’s
dialog: ever been in.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Y'all got a organ?
text: Kofi notices Jimmie staring at him from the end of the hall.
text: Kofi nods ‘whats up.’ Jimmie nods back slowly. Kofi continues
text: to the parlor.
speaker_heading: KOFI (0.S.)
dialog: Got columns and shit...
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" PARLOR - NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Kofi shifts in a stiff Victorian chair. He looks over Jimmie,
text: a little confused by his blood-stained goon clothes.
text: Montgomery smiles politely. Flower arrangements plucked from
text: neighbors gardens sprinkle the room.
dialog: None of them quite know how to act under these foreign
text: circumstances. All three have beer in mismatched glass
dialog: chalices.
dialog: 51.
text: An eerie creaking sound comes from upstairs. Kofi looks
text: around the candlelit room.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: It's just y'all here?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah. It just makes noises.
text: Kofi scans the highest ceilings he’s ever seen.
dialog: Montgomery studies Kofi.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Nice to see you in that chair. I
dialog: didn’t know you'd pick that one,
dialog: but I think I’m glad you did. It
dialog: looks good on you.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: (eying the chair)
dialog: Yeah right on bro, this shit kinda
dialog: awkward. But this place hella cool.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Yeah, Jimmie's been doing a lot to
dialog: fix it up.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: How'd y'all get this?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: It’s Jimmie’s, his grandpa built
dialog: it. He was the first black man in
dialog: San Francisco.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Oh shit, this that house.
dialog: (to Montgomery)
dialog: Man, he used to always talk about
dialog: this. But you know niggas in group
dialog: homes be exaggerating, tryna' act
dialog: special. But you were foreal huh?
text: Jimmie nods, as Kofi looks around.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You were in a group home?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah. For like a year.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Huh.
dialog: 51
dialog: 52.
text: Something clicks for Montgomery. He looks back at the two of
text: them. A beat passes.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You guys wanna go for a schvitz?
text: Jimmie turns, a smile cracks through.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: A schwitz?
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" SAUNA - NIGHT
text: The trio sit in a cloud of smoke and steam in a homemade
text: sauna. Montgomery has his shirt off, Jimmie and Kofi have
dialog: opted to sweat through all their clothes.
text: Loretta's candy bags litter the cedar seats. Jimmie takes a
text: final puff off a blunt and tries to pass it, no takers.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Wait, your grandpa made this, too?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Nah, these white people did.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: How was he the first, though?
dialog: (turning to Montgomery)
dialog: This nigga woofin'.
text: Jimmie adopts a cadence that Montgomery hasn't heard.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Na bra, swear to god, whole
dialog: neighborhood was, like, a ghost
dialog: town when he came from New Orleans.
dialog: It'd all been Japanese, but-
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Fillmoe? Psh never, bra.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah. But they all got rounded up
dialog: into War camps. And my grandpa
dialog: wasn’t tryna move into someone
dialog: else's shit- Not like that. So he
dialog: built this.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Fuuuuck.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Fuuuuck.
text: The trio fall silent.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: You still skate?
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Na.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Aw, you were raw, bra.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Yeah- remember when Rick got caught
dialog: stealing from the candy lady?
text: Jimmie bursts out laughing.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Braaaa. He was an ugly crier!
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Bra, I'm sayin'! And then Ms. Homer
dialog: made him shave his head...But her
dialog: white ass fucked up his lining. So
dialog: his shit was crooked as fuck.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Lombard-Street-looking-ass...
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: BRUH! Lombard Street thooough-
text: Kofi falls onto the floor giggling.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Bra, I can't even...I'm finna piss
dialog: myself. Y'all got a bathroom?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
text: Yeah. Down the hall. The room with
dialog: the 1il' claw-foot tub.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Bet. Man, you niggas made it, man.
dialog: That’s crazy.
text: Kofi exits with a puff of steam, chuckling.
text: Jimmie smiles at Montgomery, grateful.
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" FRONT HALLWAY - MORNING
text: Jimmie grabs a screw from between his lips and drills it into
text: a new lock on the front door. He shuts it, proudly locks it
text: and looks over at Mont, deeply focused on reviving the organ.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: You should uh...you should have a
dialog: room, bro.
text: Montgomery looks up at Jimmie, embarrassed.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Aw Jim, that’s okay.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Nah, seriously. I've been in your
dialog: space forever - this spots yours
dialog: too, you know.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Any room?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I mean...sure.
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" PARLOR & DINING ROOM - MORNING - MOMENTS LATER
text: As if pulled by some spirit, Montgomery floats forward. His
text: eyes catch the corners of various rooms as he ambles forward.
text: Jimmie stands on a chair in the background fiddling with an
text: electrical box. He flips a nob and the room lights up with a
text: warm glow.
text: Montgomery enters the dining room, his head turned up at the
dialog: heavens. It’s his very own Sistine Chapel: paintings of
text: colorful birds spread their wings across the ceiling.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Is this one okay?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah...I mean, you sure you want
dialog: the dining room?
text: Montgomery nods to himself, taking it all in. He begins to
text: measure the wall with his wingspan, muttering calculations.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: It's perfect.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (0.S.)
dialog: Dream big bra, it's yours.
scene_heading: 54 INT. MONTGOMERY'S BEDROOM / HALLWAY - AFTERNOON
text: Montgomery, wearing an old werewolf mask, sorts through props
text: and costumes. Only a few tools remain hanging on his once-
text: covered walls, the rest packed away in scattered milk crates.
text: He begins organizing metal pulleys and clews into a crate
text: with other stage rigging materials.
text: In the next room, Jimmie paces back and forth on the phone.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (0.S.)
dialog: No the power’s been on. I just need
dialog: the bill in my name - uh huh.
text: Grandpa enters, the phone cord hitting his chest. He lifts it
text: and feels his way into Montgomery's room.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (0.S.)
dialog: Great, when will I get the first
dialog: invoice?...And there's no way you
dialog: can mail that sooner?
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: He talking about paying some bills?
text: Mont expertly wraps a cable and packs it, mask still on.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: ‘Cause I wouldn't say no if he
dialog: offered to chip in a little more.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: He already pays half, Grandpa.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Well he's been here for a while
dialog: now. He isn't exactly family.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I think he knows that.
text: Montgomery removes the mask, putting it in a crate. He pulls
text: a drill from a hook on the wall.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: So what's all this you're up to in
dialog: here?
dialog: 55
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Just packing some things. It's for
dialog: a project.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Since when? We haven't even talked
dialog: about the characters yet?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: It's a- well I'm still working-
dialog: don't quite have a plot yet.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: We could brainstorm a little.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: We’re in a bit of a rush, but I'd
dialog: love to soon.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Oh sure. Thats okay, son.
text: Jimmie enters.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: You about ready bra?
text: Grandpa stands up.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Well, whatever it is I’m proud of
dialog: you.
scene_heading: EXT. MONTGOMERY'S HOUSE - AFTERNOON
text: Catcalls from the Greek Chorus fail to land on Montgomery,
text: head cocked listening, fascinated. He pushes a cart full of
text: crates, various prop hats stacked atop his head.
speaker_heading: FRESH
dialog: Oooh Monty, that’s hard.
speaker_heading: NITTY
dialog: Yeah, that’s clean, you should
dialog: start rocking that bra-bra.
text: Jimmie hauls a chest of Montgomery's gear, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: STUNNA
dialog: Hey Monty whats under that coat?
dialog: You flashing yo weenie to all the
dialog: girls, huh?
dialog: 57.
text: Jimmie yells back as he continues walking.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Bro, with that hair, you look like
dialog: a Simpson.
text: The Greek Chorus burst out laughing. Mont smiles proudly.
speaker_heading: STUNNA
dialog: Bra you got one shirt! You look
dialog: like a fiend!
text: Jimmie cracks a half-smile.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Just like his momma and his
dialog: daddy... Yeah I remember.
text: Jimmie's smile vanishes. He turns to face Kofi.
speaker_heading: NITTY
dialog: Family of fiends!
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: He probably got lace curtains in
dialog: there for they little dollhouse.
text: The men around Kofi crack up.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Swear to god bra, two grown-ass men
dialog: playing house! With candles and
dialog: shit! I was dying!
speaker_heading: GUNNA
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Look, this motherfucker so mad!
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Shoo, bra! Get on! Aye Mont’ teach
dialog: him how to vanish!
text: FRESH pretends to flick a match.
text: Jimmie breaks his stare, turns, and walks towards Montgomery.
text: Nitty hugs Kofi, proudly.
speaker_heading: STUNNA (0.S.)
dialog: Kof’ got his balls back!
dialog: 56
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" CONSERVATORY & KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: An expressive sketch of the Greek Chorus captures the joyous
text: moment they humiliated someone, Kofi standing front and
text: center. Montgomery's hand enters and plucks out the
text: Rockwellian pencil shading on FRESH.
text: Jimmie stands in an old robe at the corner whisking eggs with
text: a fork. He watches Montgomery.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: You're really drawing them?...Al1
dialog: they do is talk shit.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You talked shit when I met you.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: No I didn’t.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You did. It’s fine though.
text: Jimmie watches Montgomery sip a beer and continue sketching.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Well why did you hang out with me
dialog: then?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You care about things. I liked you.
text: He grabs a chewed-up pencil from his crate of art supplies.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: You really don’t give a fuck what
dialog: anybody says?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I shouldn’t get to appreciate them
dialog: just cuz they’re mean to me? That
dialog: seems silly.
text: Jimmie furrows his brow, confused. He looks up and sees a
text: neighbor through the window whisking eggs in her kitchen. He
text: studies the middle-aged woman in her robe.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Let’s go out.
text: Dreamy, sweeping strings appear.
dialog: 57
dialog: 57.1
dialog: 57.2
dialog: 58
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: MONTAGE: FILLMORE PEOPLE-WATCHING - NIGHT
text: EXT. VR WINDOW - Jimmie and Mont sit in the dark, sipping
text: 40's of beer. They peer into a window as if watching tv.
text: A man in a VR helmet and underwear reaches blindly in an
text: empty room. After a lonely moment, a girl steps into view
text: wearing a matching helmet and oversized shirt. They swat at
text: virtual predators, finally bumping into each other. They rip
text: off the masks and laugh hysterically.
text: EXT. SPLIT WINDOW - Two young women sit on opposite sides of
text: a converted bedroom, split down the middle by a hanging bed
text: sheet. Woman #1's yoga routine is interrupted by a knock at
text: the door. A man enters her side, tiptoes past her, ducks
text: under the sheet-wall, and embraces Woman #2.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (0.S.)
dialog: Bro, that's supposed to be a living
dialog: room.
text: Jimmie and Montgomery study the respective sides of the
text: girls' mantle, each with differing decorations.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: They would've done the same shit to
dialog: our house. Putting 5 people ina
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: We're quite fortunate.
text: They clink bottles.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE PARTY WINDOW - A large Victorian pulses with the
text: vibrations of music and the energy of millennials. A man
text: dances in a corner window. His gaze catches Jimmie and
text: Montgomery ogling from outside. He smiles and waves them in.
text: The young men tipsily look around, alarmed someone has caught
text: their peeping. They look back up at the house.
text: Partygoers hang over the second story balcony. A couple sit
text: on a fire escape; legs dangling, throwing feathers.
text: Jimmie finishes his bottle. The duo and walk into towards
text: camera, until their bodies black out the frame. They step
text: through the other side, into the world they'd been watching.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE PARTY MAIN ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Jimmie and Montgomery enter the house, passing various
dialog: partygoers.
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 60.
text: They stop and watch a man with Robert-Plant-hair and musical-
text: theater-gusto hand-dances and sing to a song playing
dialog: overhead.
text: Jimmie stares at him, eyes glazed. Montgomery grabs a bottle
text: off the shelf and swigs it, looking around.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE PARTY ANTLER ROOM - NIGHT
text: SERENA, a Berkeley girl conceived to Paul Simon, nods.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: You know the wallpaper on the
dialog: outside wall is hella harder to
dialog: remove because it’s moist, like
dialog: condensation, but then when you
dialog: finally do, you see they used WHITE
dialog: glue. Like fucking Elmer’s. Like
dialog: what was the thought process?
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: Yeah, no idea.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah. I know. But if you wanted to
dialog: have a tour, that would be fun.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: Sounds good - I’m gonna bring these
dialog: drinks. You're welcome to come -
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah, if that’s cool.
text: Jimmie reaches for the beer cups she’s filled.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry I’m talking about this house.
dialog: It’s stupid. I’m just kinda excited
dialog: about it.
text: They walk off, revealing a pomade-preened guy explaining
text: Hyphy lingo to a skeptical collegiate black woman.
text: A trans man and his bubbly friend share a sarcastic toast.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE PARTY KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Serena sits on a counter by her friend, BILLY, an
text: intellectual stoner in his grandpa’s PJ’s and Sam, a sweet-—
text: faced dude holding a huge stein of beer.
dialog: 61
dialog: 61.
text: Jimmie stands awkwardly at the edge of the group.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: She’s this beautiful, vivacious
dialog: person dating so many cunty guys.
dialog: It’s like, don’t blame the
dialog: messenger I’m just trying to help.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: That’s shitty.
text: Serena turns to him politely.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: Yeah it’s hella shitty!
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: But if it’s a self esteem issue,
dialog: what really can you do?
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: I mean, I told her. I’m pretty sure
dialog: I told her- you can sleep with Sam
dialog: if you want.
text: Sam nods sheepishly. Jimmie looks confused.
text: A cheer from outside catches Jimmie’s attention. He looks out
text: the window overlooking the backyard.
text: Amidst a small crowd, three young bros violently yank at a
text: small pine tree. It sways back and forth as they wrestle it.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: So the thinking is, you have sex
dialog: with someone whose not shitty once-
text: Jimmie watches out the window, a little shocked.
speaker_heading: SERENA
dialog: Exactly! And then your bar is like
dialog: too high for those cunty roadies
dialog: and untalented comedian guys.
text: A few onlookers outside egg on the men struggling with the
text: sapling. Suddenly, Jimmie appears in frame. He piles on and
text: begins yanking with them, to the rising cheers of the crowd.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE PARTY BACKYARD - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Jimmie looks excited to be a part of this team. With his
text: help, the men uproot the tree.
dialog: 62.
text: BRYAN, a giant, swings it overhead and victoriously drives
text: the root clump into the ground in an explosion of dirt.
speaker_heading: AURA (0.S.)
dialog: You fucking idiots!! Bryan, what
dialog: the fuck is wrong with you!!
text: AURA shoots down the back steps, tipsy and enraged. She
text: shoves Bryan back as he chuckles.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Aw, babe, sorry, it's good.
speaker_heading: AURA
dialog: What the fuck, my fucking landlordz
dialog: tree, you assholes!?
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: I’m gonna fix it. I’m gonna fix it.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah, that's my bad too. I can
dialog: help.
text: Jimmie leans over to pick up the tree.
speaker_heading: BRYAN AURA
dialog: Yeah it’1l be fine. What, who are you? I don't even
dialog: know you.
dialog: (turning to Bryan)
dialog: Tonight was MY night. MY-
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Ah- Okay, who are you. I don't even
dialog: know you. I'm from here.
text: Aura turns to Jimmie, confused he's still talking to her.
speaker_heading: AURA
dialog: Uh what? Like, how did you even get
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: How did YOU get here? The fuck? I'm
dialog: born and raised here. I'm third
dialog: generation.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Uh, hey bud, uh, we don’t know you.
dialog: You know? So, go man, alright?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Alright bud. But I'm taking the
dialog: tree.
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: AURA
dialog: No way asshole! Leave the tree!
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I feel a connection to it.
text: Jimmie starts towards the steps with the tree.
speaker_heading: AURA
dialog: Why could you do thaaat?
text: Brian holds her waist and whispers into her ear.
speaker_heading: BRYAN
dialog: Babe...babe...it's dead.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE PARTY MULTIPLE ROOMS - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Jimmie walks through the kitchen and into the hall, tree in
text: tow. He reaches the main room to see the party is in full
text: swing. Mont, bottle in hand, is jamming with the hand-dancer.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Aye, c'mon Mont.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Dancing.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Bra, I need help with the tree.
text: His frantic dancing slows as he drunkenly notices the
text: branches dragging through the living room.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE HOUSE" STREET - NIGHT - TRAVELING
text: The young men walk home, each carrying sides of the tree.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: I mean!
text: Jimmie eyes his neighbors' sleepy houses as they go home.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Bra, shhh.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (loudly whispering)
dialog: I hahd ah grreat time. Youuu, you
dialog: dodn't dance.
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Shhh, I dance.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Yeaaah you could, but you dodnt-
dialog: soo why a tree?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I dunno bra. To make a point I
dialog: guess.
text: Montgomery tugs the tree, stopping them.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Theres no point! You can’t care SO
dialog: MUCH about what they think. Life
dialog: isn perzonal.
text: Jimmie turns back.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Bra, you don’t get it.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: GET WHAT!
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Bra! You weren’t raised like... I
dialog: raised myself. You had someone to
dialog: make you feel good. I had to like
dialog: adapt and like win over so many
dialog: people cause I was alone. That’s
dialog: why I fucking care.
text: Jimmie walks up the steps to the House. Mont remains frozen.
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" ATTIC - DAWN
text: Jimmie lies on his newly-assembled bed. He looks small
text: underneath the steep towering walls, alone for the first
text: night in longer than he can remember.
text: His minds wanders to Serena and he slips his hand under the
text: sheets. Loud drilling and strange space-jazz burst through
text: the shaking walls from Montgomery's room. He pulls his hand
text: out from the sheets and turns to sleep.
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" CONSERVATORY - MORNING
text: Jimmie looks out the window at nothing but fog.
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Thick as fuck today.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE HOUSE" BACKYARD - AFTERNOON
text: A deep hole in the ground looks like a shallow grave.
text: Jimmie crouches above it, digging - his sleeves rolled up,
text: biceps covered in dirt, cig hanging from his lip. Montgomery,
text: hung over, sprawls under the newly planted tree.
text: Jimmie shakes his head as he digs.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: We need fertilizer, shit's dying.
text: Montgomery groans.
scene_heading: EXT. “THE HOUSE” FRONT STEPS - AFTERNOON - TRAVELING
text: Jimmie and Mont carry bags overflowing with asters in bloom.
text: They climb the first flight of stairs and come to a halt.
text: Mary Zwigott, the previous resident, sits on the front steps
text: of the house. She looks lifeless.
text: Montgomery looks to Jimmie, unsure if they should run.
text: An almost haunted wind catches the fringe of Mary’s blouse
text: and howls through the trees. Mary shakes her head at the
dialog: memory of her old foe.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: (cautiously)
dialog: Hey. What are you doing here?
text: Mary’s exhaustion gives way to a resigned half-smile.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What are you ever doing here?
text: Jimmie looks nervous. His eyes drift to the house.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Uh- didn't you move out though?
text: Mary looks past Jimmie at Montgomery, who stands holding the
text: flower bags like an idiot.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yeah. They changed the locks on me.
dialog: 68
dialog: 66.
text: She studies Jimmie’s young face. It’s the first time she’s
text: really looked at him.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you want, man?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I’m sorry. That sucks.
text: Mary softens a little.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: How long are you going to be here?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don’t know yet. Our flight's
dialog: tomorrow so...
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Ok. We'll come back tomorrow then.
text: Jimmie nods to Montgomery who lifts the bags. Mary eyes their
text: tools and chuckles to herself.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Great. That’s nice.
text: They turn and walk away.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: In this crazy fucking city, you're
dialog: still here!
scene_heading: INT. BUS - AFTERNOON - TRAVELING
text: The young men sit in the back of the bus, their colorful
text: flowers beside them.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You think she's gonna stay there
dialog: all night?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Watch bra. We'll come back and
dialog: she'll be painting the windowsill.
text: Jimmie glances around the bus.
text: Loretta’s former flame with the fez winks at Jimmie.
text: Further down, two oily street kids with white-people-dreads
text: and camping backpacks sprawl across the seats. Their pit bull
text: forces its snout into the girl's lap.
dialog: 67.
text: Jimmie's nose crinkles, as the dog sniffs her crotch with
text: increasing fervor. The street kids don't seem to notice.
text: A group of people shuffle off and on the bus.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (0.S.)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Vikki, yes I know what time those
dialog: meetings start. I’m 23 years clean,
dialog: I’m the speaker, okay? I...oh my,
dialog: Vikki Imma call you right back-
text: Brenda drops her phone and jumps towards Jimmie. He stands to
text: hug her, surprised.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Jayboe!- Sir, could you get my
dialog: phone?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Hi mom.
text: They hug, then sit back down across from each other.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought you and Ron were in LA.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: No, I came back a few months ago.
dialog: You know your little brothers been
dialog: asking about you.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Oh, cool - this is my friend, Mont.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Uh huh I’m Jimmie’s mom, oh thank
dialog: you.
text: Montgomery extends a hand. Brenda shakes it.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Pleasure to meet you, ma'am.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: How long are y'all here?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Oh, still seeing.
text: Brenda nods. A few passengers look up from their phones,
text: puzzled by the nonchalance of the interaction.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Well, we been staying at the house.
dialog: You guys could come check it out.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Oh, that's nice.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I mean the house, my dad’s old
dialog: house. We've been fixing it up and
dialog: stuff.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Ah, we'd love that. We’d love to
dialog: come over, yes.
dialog: 68.
text: Brenda smiles vacantly at Montgomery. He gives her an awkward
text: smile back. A few quiet seconds pass.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Cool.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Well I’1l call you. I got your
dialog: number.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Oh, I don’t have a phone?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Well we'll just stop by then.
text: A moment passes.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Okay well this our stop.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Okay, good to see you son.
text: She pops up to hug him once more.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh my god, you’re taller than me
dialog: now.
text: Jimmie and Montgomery exit.
scene_heading: 69 EXT. MONTGOMERY'S HOUSE - AFTERNOON - CONTINUOUS
text: The bus doors open. Through the fog, we slowly start to
dialog: see
text: two worried pedestrians whisper in hushed tones as they walk
text: off. Mont and Jimmie look at them concerned.
dialog: 69.1
dialog: 69.
text: At Monts house, candles, flowers, and the Greek Chorus are
text: gathered, bleary-eyed and dejected on their slab of concrete.
text: They avoid eye contact with one another, trying to mask their
text: tears. Their matching necklaces hold freshly laminated photos
text: of Kofi with the caption "RIP KOFI."
text: Jimmie and Montgomery freeze. They stare at the Greek Chorus,
text: first in shocked confusion, then in horror.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: What the fuck? What happened?
text: Nobody answers.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: What fucking happened?
speaker_heading: GUNNA
dialog: They shot bra.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: What? Who?...Who?!
speaker_heading: GUNNA
dialog: Some niggas, man.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: GUNNA
dialog: He tried to buff em out.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: STUNNA
dialog: What's with all the questions bra?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I just...I don't get it. We just
dialog: seen y'all-
speaker_heading: STUNNA
dialog: And nigga?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: And I don’t fuckin get it.
speaker_heading: STUNNA
dialog: Then get on bra.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: No, what the fuck? It’s my friend
dialog: too!
text: Stunna approaches Jimmie; eyes angry. Jimmie tenses up,
text: protectively.
text: Stunna wraps Jimmie into a hug so hard the flower bag falls
text: out of Jimmie's hand. Jimmie stares off, expressionless.
scene_heading: 70 INT. MONTGOMERY'S LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Jimmie and Montgomery sit on the couch, lifeless. Grandpa
text: sits facing the open window where mourners can be heard.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: That poor boy. And his mother-
text: A moment passes.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: I'm sorry Jimmie...
text: They look to Grandpa, their bodies frozen.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: I hope I never made you feel like
dialog: you weren't welcome here.
text: Jimmie's brow furrows, confused.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: No, I never felt like that.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Cause wherever you been, you don’t
dialog: have to tell me, but you two just
dialog: stick together.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Of course Mr. Allen.
text: Mont and Jimmie look at each other.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: ‘Cause I won't always be here.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Grandpa...
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Mr. Allen, don't worry about us.
dialog: 71
dialog: 71.1
dialog: 71.
text: They wrap their arms around Grandpa.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Ok. Alright. I’m fine.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. MONTGOMERY'S BEDROOM - DUSK
text: Through the window, we see Nitty under the foggy streetlight.
text: He stands spiritlessly on his slab.
text: Beside him, a trail of dark soil from Jimmie's flower bag
text: lays tossed like an arching brushtroke. Nothing can be heard
text: but the loud thrum of crickets.
text: Montgomery sits in his bed looking out at Nitty stand alone.
text: Jimmie sits on the floor where his cot once was.
speaker_heading: WANDA (V.O.)
dialog: We're listening to the sounds of
text: crickets behind Bill and Sue
text: Selby's home. Something cozy about
dialog: them - let's listen in.
text: The crickets continue.
text: Jimmie turns to Montgomery.
text: Mont scrolls through his phone, looking at the RIP messages
text: on Kofi’s wall.
text: Mont turns to Jimmie.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I was writing a play about him, you
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: You don’t have to stop now...
text: Mont nods to Jimmie.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I know it sounds weird, but I feel
dialog: like that coulda been me...if not
dialog: for the house.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You a funny motherfucker Jimmie.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Man. I wanna go home.
text: Mont looks out the window.
dialog: 72
dialog: 72.1
dialog: 72.2
dialog: 72.3
dialog: 73
dialog: 72.
text: Nitty stands alone on the corner by the vigil, alone.
text: Music begins as-—
scene_heading: MONTAGE: HUNTERS POINT
text: INT. GUNNA’S HOUSE - In the late evening, Gunna consoles his
text: son, Darrel, as he tucks him into bed.
scene_heading: INT. BOBBY'S CAR - In the dead of night, Bobby plays
text: solitaire as he listens to the radio. His girlfriend smokes.
scene_heading: INT. PREACHER'S HOME - In the early hours of the morning, the
text: Preacher adjusts his bow tie in front of the mirror.
text: EXT. HP SHIPYARDS - The Preacher walks down a desolate street
text: under an orange sky. He places his soap box in the middle of
text: the frame. He steps on top, takes a deep breath, and just as
text: he opens his mouth-
scene_heading: EXT. "THE HOUSE" - MORNING
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
speaker_heading: FUCK!
text: Jimmie and Montgomery stand on the sidewalk in front of “The
text: House” which is now littered with his grandpa's furniture.
text: Every last piece from inside lies scattered on the concrete,
text: like tossed trash from a spurned lover.
text: Jimmie lifts a broken chair, a few shattered splinters barely
dialog: hold it together.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Oh god.
text: Jimmie mechanically starts problem-solving, collecting dewy
text: cushions from the sidewalk and tossing them on the couch.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: How'd she toss all our shit?
text: He lifts the last cushion to find his cigarette-dispenser
text: broken. He clutches its remains in his hand.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I don't think it was her...
text: Jimmie follows Montgomery's worried gaze to a "FOR SALE" sign
text: with Clayton's face printed on it, smiling back at him.
dialog: 74
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Fucking...Traitor...
text: He storms over and kicks the sign with all his might.
text: Pamphlets fly everywhere.
text: He stares at the advertisement. Something in him changes.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Okay... Okay...
text: He turns back to the strewn furniture and yanks open a
text: toppled set of drawers and pulls out a dark burgundy suit.
text: Jimmie starts off. Montgomery follows.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Could you stay and watch the shit?
text: Jimmie drops his board and skates off like a cowboy.
text: Montgomery turns to the orphaned property.
text: He leans down to right a lamp and notices a tossed pamphlet.
text: He picks it up and inspects it. His brow furrows.
scene_heading: INT. SAN FRANCISCO BANK - AFTERNOON
text: Jimmie sits antsy, wearing the burgundy suit that was clearly
text: tailored to the larger figure of his grandfather. He taps his
text: shoes against the cold marble and looks across at a Latino
text: man in a J.C. Penney suit hammering away at a keyboard.
speaker_heading: BANKER (0.S.)
dialog: Sorry, how can I help you today?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I want to buy a house.
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: A house! That's exciting. Are you
dialog: working with an agent?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: No, do I need to?
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: No, not necessarily. Do you have a
dialog: price range in mind?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I have a house in mind.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: Huh, okay. And it's on the market,
dialog: I assume? How much are they asking?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: At least 4 million.
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: Ok and how much would you be
dialog: willing to put down?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: How much is usual?
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: Well, typically we'd be looking to
dialog: secure at least 20%.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I wouldn't have that.
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: Sure that’s understandable. It’s
dialog: going to be hard to land a place
dialog: like that but suppose I asked
dialog: instead - how much do you make per -
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: No no look, I get it. You're gonna
dialog: type up all the answers I say and
dialog: none of ‘em are going to work in my
dialog: favor. I'm young, I'm black, I'm
dialog: not rich. I came here knowing all
dialog: that. But let's be real - you also
dialog: got a quota to meet. I'm not
dialog: calling you a predator-
speaker_heading: BANKER JIMMIE
dialog: (interrupting) -but you're trying to make your
dialog: Sir. Thats not how this works- money. So let me help you do
dialog: that... Give me whatever deal
dialog: you gotta give me. I don't care
dialog: what it is. Cuz unlike all the
dialog: other people that default, this
dialog: is the only house I'll ever
dialog: want. So I'll never miss a
dialog: monthly bill. Ever-
speaker_heading: BANKER JIMMIE
dialog: (interrupting) Give me your highest interest
dialog: No I understand you feel that rate. Fuck me. You don't even
dialog: sir but- have to feel bad. Cuz I'm going
dialog: to pay back every single cent.
dialog: 75
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: INT. REAL ESTATE OFFICE - DUSK
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: OK OK you got me. YOU WIN! You
dialog: charming bastard.
text: Clayton fake-laughs into his phone and looks over to
text: Montgomery, who sits across from him. Montgomery's eyes
text: wander anxiously around the messy office. Clayton hangs up.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: How's it going man?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Fine sir. I noticed the house we'd
dialog: discussed is now for sale.
text: Clayton leans back his seat, his eyes narrow.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: There were some alarming things in
dialog: your literature I thought you might
dialog: want to know. And certainly the
dialog: Bureau of Real Estate would.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Uh huh...
text: Montgomery steadies his shaking hand, and raises the
dialog: pamphlet.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: This says the property has a view
dialog: of the Golden Gate? Which I don't
dialog: think is true, well it isn't.
text: Clayton's brow furrows.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: It also claims to have all original
dialog: "fixtures, floors and faucets".
text: Clayton nods slowly.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: And are you planning on disclosing
dialog: there's no septic Fresh? So any day
dialog: now, the garden could be flooded
dialog: with...shit.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Where's this going man?
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Well, together this seems like
dialog: false advertising, which is grounds
dialog: to void a sale. Potentially revoke
dialog: a license. Perhaps it isn’t worth
dialog: it to you to take this on.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I thought it might've been you
dialog: guys.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: What's your deal man?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I don’t have a deal.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Look, someone else on this floor
dialog: would've got it if it wasn't
dialog: me...at least I’m from here, right?
text: Montgomery tries his best to stare down Clayton, and hide his
text: nervous hands under the table.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I put your stuff on the street. I
dialog: could've had it trucked off but I
dialog: left it out for you guys.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I'm serious. I will report you.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: For what? Listing a view of the
dialog: bridge? And fixtures? I literally
dialog: copy pasted that shit. Go ahead.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Well you're lying about the history
dialog: of the house. You're saying here
dialog: it's 100 years older than it
dialog: actually is.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: No I'm not?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Yes, you are. James Fails built
dialog: this house in 1946.
dialog: 76
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: James who?
text: Clayton goes into his desk. He pulls out a photocopy of a
dialog: very old document.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: What are you talking about? 1857.
dialog: Architect's Gil-hoo-ley- some shit.
text: All oxygen leaves Montgomery's lungs.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Look, if you need a week to find
dialog: somewhere else, then take it. But
dialog: don't try to pull some squatters
dialog: rights shit on me, man.
text: Clayton tosses Jimmie's electric bill across the table.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I know your name. I don't want to
dialog: call the cops. I don't want to do
dialog: that to you.
text: Montgomery stares at Clayton, shell-shocked.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE HOUSE" - NIGHT
text: Montgomery arrives home to find the furniture is gone. All
text: that remains is the couch, upside-down. Mont climbs over it
text: and looks up.
text: Jimmie sits like a gargoyle on the front porch rail above -
text: soaked in sweat. He tranquilly smokes.
text: Montgomery climbs the last step. He studies Jimmie.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Where’d you go?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Doesn't even matter bra. I got
dialog: everything inside... except the
dialog: couch. Shit fell on me.
text: Jimmie laughs darkly. Montgomery looks concerned.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Jim, I spoke to the realtor-
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Fuck that guy.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Yeah well he’s gonna keep throwing
dialog: us out. And eventually call the
dialog: cops.
text: Jimmie shakes his head, stewing.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (CONT’D)
dialog: I don’t know how much longer we can
dialog: keep doing this.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I understand if you can’t, but I’m
dialog: not leaving bro.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Jimmie, he said your-
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Where else am I gonna go? My dads
dialog: in an SRO. My aunt’s out in
dialog: bumfuck. My mom...I don’t even know
dialog: where my mom is. I’m not leaving.
dialog: I’m the last one left.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: We have my house-
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I can’t go back there bro.
text: Mont starts to cry.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Bro...don’t cry...this house, this
dialog: is what I do. It’s what WE do.
dialog: Shit, you said it - who deserves to
dialog: be here more than us? Right? This
dialog: place is ours. We can’t just give
dialog: up now. We gotta fight, right?
text: Mont wipes away his tears and tries to force a smile.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Right?
text: Mont nods, a cancerous lump in his throat.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Yeah...yeah, you’re right. I’m with
dialog: you Jim.
text: Jimmie nods appreciatively at Mont and looks away.
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 78.1
dialog: 78.2
dialog: 78.3
dialog: 78.4
dialog: 78.5
dialog: 78.6
dialog: 79.
text: Mont stares at Jimmie long and hard. An idea begins to brew.
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Montgomery scribbles furiously into a notepad. He rips out
text: the sheet, places it onto a growing stack, and cracks his
dialog: back.
text: The pocket doors slide open behind him.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (0.S.)
dialog: Oh shit. You're writing?!
text: Mont turns to see Jimmie in his doorway. Mont nods solemnly.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: It's a play. I'd like to put it on
dialog: here in a week. If that's alright?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Fuck yeah. Get it bra!
text: Jimmie exits. Montgomery turns back to his opus.
text: A soulful voice begins singing Scott McKenzie’s “If You’re
dialog: Going to San Francisco.”
scene_heading: MONTAGE: A CREATION
text: EXT. HAIGHT ST. - Mike Marshall croons for passing tourists.
text: INT. "THE HOUSE" DINING ROOM - Montgomery sits at a sewing
text: machine stitching together two different t-shirts.
text: EXT. "THE HOUSE" FRONT STAIRWELL - Jimmie discovers a new
text: realtor sign affixed to the front gate. He tears it down.
text: Mont watches from the top of the stairs, worried.
text: EXT. HP SHIPYARDS - Montgomery hands a flier for his play to
text: the preacher, who sits on his box eating a sandwich.
text: EXT. “THE HOUSE” NEIGHBORHOOD -Jimmie hands fliers to white
text: neighbors, calling out to them like a carnie.
text: INT. "THE HOUSE" CORNER OF A ROOM - Montgomery finds Jimmie
text: with a hammer in hand, sleeping. He pulls a blanket on him.
text: EXT. HP BAY - Montgomery shouts lines, leaping from one side
text: of his boat to the other. He rehearses with himself, as if
text: playing opposing characters in a scene.
dialog: 78.7
dialog: 78.8
dialog: 78.9
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 80.
text: EXT. “THE HOUSE” SIDE ALLEY - Jimmie looks up from his
text: gardening to see a pair of drones flying overhead.
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" BUTLER’S STAIR - Montgomery watches Jimmie
text: with troubled eyes, as Jimmie lacquers the step. A script
text: drops. He grabs it and looks up at Montgomery above.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Damn, you wrote all this?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: There’s more...but I’d rather you
dialog: see that in person.
text: EXT. HAIGHT ST. - Montgomery stands intrigued watching Mike
text: Marshall sing his heart out. A man on a monowheel zips past.
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" ATTIC - MORNING
text: Velvet curtains frame white text projected on the back wall.
text: The text recalls Old Hollywood posters:
scene_heading: THE LAST BLACK MAN IN SAN FRANCISCO
dialog: a Stage Play by Montgomery Allen
text: As the acapella voices compete for the last note, we pull
text: back to see chairs now arranged in precise rows.
speaker_heading: DING DONG.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (0.S.)
dialog: Montgomery?
scene_heading: DING-DONG-DING-DONG!
speaker_heading: JIMMIE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit. Hella fucking early.
text: Jimmie carries us down the stairs towards the front door. The
text: house looks better than it ever has, in near museum condition.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. "THE HOUSE" MULTIPLE ROOMS - MORNING - CONTINUOUS
text: Through stained glass with a crest of a “T,” we see Jimmie’s
text: dad standing in the doorway. He's wearing his nice clothes: a
text: roomy green suit and a Stetson hat.
text: Jimmie opes the door.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Why you dressed up like a whiteboy?
dialog: 81
dialog: 81.
text: Jimmie looks down at his regular outfit. James Sr. can see he
text: caught his son off guard and pivots.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Oh, it’s for your little show, huh?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Uh, yeah.
text: He looks past Jimmie and makes his way inside for the first
dialog: time in years.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Man.
text: He peaks in the parlor, nodding to himself as he struts,
text: aided by his cane.
text: Montgomery emerges from the basement with a chair, upholstery
text: still ripped from having been tossed on the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: You mess up my daddy's chair, Mont-
dialog: gum-ery?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Oh, no sir. We're, was a...
text: Montgomery looks to Jimmie for help.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: You got stage fright huh?
text: James Sr. passes Montgomery, patting his shoulder.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: I don't care about the chair, son.
text: He walks down the hall and sits down at the organ. He yanks a
text: few knobs and begins playing something resembling Bootsy
text: Collins’ “I’d Rather Be With You.” He stops and smiles.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: My daddy hated when I played that
dialog: shit.
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" MAIN STAIRCASE - MORNING - MOMENTS LATER
text: James Sr. sits, studying the staircase railing. He runs his
text: cane across the wood.
dialog: 82.
text: Below, Mont welcomes in Tim Ellory and his wife, holding a
text: flier. The couple make their way upstairs, taking a moment to
text: drink in the home they've only ever seen from outside.
dialog: James Sr.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Come on in, don’t be shy. His
dialog: grandpa built this. Not bad for a
dialog: black man huh?
speaker_heading: TIM ELLORY
dialog: Oh no, very good, very good.
text: chuckles proudly as the couple passes.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I guess you’re not so worried
dialog: anymore huh?
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Na, you still an idiot. But you’re
dialog: my idiot-
text: James turns to another group admiring the architecture as
text: they pass.
dialog: James Sr.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Crazy part is we don’t work here,
dialog: this is ours. But we’re hiring
dialog: help, applications upstairs, go on
dialog: ahead.
text: chuckles to his son.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I honestly didn’t think you would
dialog: come.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Yeah well at my age, a trip like
dialog: this-
dialog: (he taps his heart)
dialog: Figured I should come see how this
dialog: was all working out though. I know
dialog: you think I be getting mad just to
dialog: get mad, but I got my reasons.
text: A moment passes.
text: James Sr.’s eyes float to the front hall below. Jimmie turns
text: to follow his gaze.
text: Wanda stands looking at a framed photo she gave Jimmie. In
text: it, Grandpa Fails theatrically holds a hammer for camera by
text: the front step.
dialog: 83.
text: Wanda looks up. She sees the men and inhales deeply.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Well...the two James'.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: (lifting himself)
dialog: Ahh, Miss Wa-Wa! How you doing
dialog: little sis?
text: Wanda ascends the staircase.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Fine - you look good James.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Oh, you know me.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: What about me?
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: You too, sweetie.
text: She reaches them and scoops the men into a hug. In his
text: family’s arms, Jimmie melts.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (0.S.)
dialog: Curtain's up in 10!
text: Nobody moves.
scene_heading: 82 INT. "THE HOUSE" ATTIC - AFTERNOON
text: An eclectic audience fills the makeshift theatre. Wanda
text: introduces herself to Andy Roy and Gunna; Tim Ellory
text: pontificates to Bobby who think he's kidding; the hand dancer
text: teaches Gunna's children air guitar. New faces fill the gaps
dialog: between those we've met.
text: The audience falls silent as the lights drop. The curtains
text: creep open to reveal an eerie blue spotlight on Montgomery.
text: He stands in profile, dressed exactly like Kofi - oversized t-
text: shirt, Jordans and fake ducktails in his hair.
text: Behind him, a diorama of his street in Hunters Point. Soft
text: sounds of the harbor play from a speaker.
text: Montgomery suddenly springs to life.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS KOFI)
dialog: What Imma hit you for, you my
dialog: folks!
text: Montgomery flips 180 degrees, revealing he's in two-face. The
text: second half of his costume is a replica of Nitty.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS NITTY)
dialog: Alright alright, but I cant have
dialog: soft niggas around me breh. Hit me.
text: Montgomery flips 180 degrees back to "Kofi's" profile.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS KOFI)
dialog: For what bro? For what?
text: Montgomery flips to Nitty.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS NITTY)
dialog: Hit me nigga! Man up!
text: Jimmie enters dressed as Death, a long black robe ends at his
text: white skeletal make-up. He slips behind a bush, then a
text: mailbox, ever closer.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS KOFI)
dialog: No bra!
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS NITTY)
dialog: You SOFT breh. They gone call you a
dialog: bitch at your funeral! Hit me!
text: Kofi erupts, wailing at the air wildly.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS KOFI)
dialog: AhhhhhhHHHHHHHHH!
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: He cold.
text: He turns to face the crowd in two-face.
text: Lights drop on HP, leaving Kofi alone in the spotlight.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS KOFI)
dialog: Alright, yeah nigga! I don't give a
dialog: fuck! Come see me! Who hiding out
dialog: there? Man up!
text: Jimmie runs up, raises a finger gun. BANG! - The audience
text: jumps at the sound effect and white strobe flash. BANG! -—
text: Another flash. They disappear.
scene_heading: DARKNESS .
dialog: 85.
text: The audience is hushed, all breath taken out of the room.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (0.S.)
dialog: No words. No words...Please send e-
text: hugs.
text: A projection appears, crisp white text against the black:
dialog: "No words. No words. Please send e-hugs.
speaker_heading: #KOFIWORLD [world emoji]"
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (0.S.)
dialog: Hazel Greene. 135 likes.
text: The text disappears with a click. Then another:
dialog: "Just smoked w you the other day. Crazy.
dialog: [smoking hand emoji]"
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (0.S.)
dialog: Just smoked with you the other day.
dialog: Crazy. - John Bishop. 206 likes. 10
dialog: shares.
text: As another slide appears, we pull wide to see Montgomery is
text: now dressed like the street Preacher.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: Are these the people that knew
dialog: Kofi?
text: The low solemn voices of a black male choir rise.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: Got yelled at by my bitch boss for
dialog: being late. Sorry theres no timer
dialog: for grief! Thinking of you always,
dialog: Koofi - Leah Tanaka. 320 likes.
text: The next text appears.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Man, can't beLIEVE we lost my bra.
dialog: BUT you wouldn't want me to be sad
dialog: Ko', so I put my PAIN into my
dialog: MUSIC!! MAKE sure y'all LIKE the
dialog: post!! - Rrrrodney Tuck.
text: The curtains widen to reveal that the choir is made up of all
dialog: the street musicians we've met throughout the film.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: (top of his lungs)
dialog: Mr. Tuck MOVED to FLORIDA 10 years
dialog: ago. They share ONE mutual friend.
text: His post links to a song called
text: "NETFLIX AND PILLS." ARE THESE THE
text: PEOPLE THAT KNEW KOFI?
text: More Facebook posts appear on screen, flicking on and off too
text: fast to fully read. The choir softens into a funereal hum.
text: Montgomery steps forward, slowly making eye contact with each
text: person in the room as the house lights fade up on them.
text: In the audience, the Preacher looks touched.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: Kofi had more dimensions than a
dialog: POST could reflect. Or a PLAY could
dialog: capture. So I summon YOU. Celebrate
dialog: the life he lived, not through
dialog: those who SPEAK loudest, but by the
dialog: memories he LEFT US ALL- MA‘AM!!!
text: Montgomery points to Loretta. His voice softens.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: - how will you remember Kofi?
text: Loretta hesitates for a moment, unsure of whether or not to
text: speak. Montgomery nods encouragingly and Loretta stands.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Kofi was a good kid. He used to
dialog: walk my niece home when she first
dialog: moved out here. He kept his hands
dialog: to himself. He was always a little
dialog: gentleman. I wish he'd had more
dialog: time-
text: Loretta's eyes begin to tear as she looks at her sons. Unable
text: to continue, she takes a seat.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: And what about you, sir?
text: Montgomery points to Andy Roy. Andy stands, wipes his face.
speaker_heading: ANDY ROY
dialog: Kofi, man? On a board, he was a
dialog: natural. A lotta people gotta work
dialog: for it but he had it. He’d like
dialog: olley the Gonz gap. He’ll be
dialog: missed.
dialog: 87.
text: Montgomery nods and turns to Tim Ellory, who blushes.
speaker_heading: TIM ELLORY
dialog: Oh I, I never knew him.
text: Montgomery turns to Wanda beside him. She regretfully shakes
text: her head as well. Montgomery turns to his Grandpa.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: And you, Grandpa Allen?
text: Bobby nudges Grandpa to alert him. He's already aware.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Well, I coached Kofi in Pop Warner.
dialog: He'd stay behind to help me pack up
dialog: every day, never made a fuss. Only
dialog: boy who ever did that.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: And you, my friend?
text: Montgomery points at Jimmie, who has snuck into the middle of
text: the audience. Jimmie stands.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: My last memory of Kofi is him
dialog: talking shit to me. He said some of
dialog: most fucked up shit anybody ever
dialog: said to me. But Kofi also got
dialog: jumped for defending me from older
dialog: kids at our group home. He didn’t
dialog: like to fight and he fought for me
dialog: then. People aren’t one thing.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: THAT. All of it!
text: Montgomery turns to his congregation, smiling proudly.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: What would’ve happened if Kofi had
dialog: the chance to show himself? All
dialog: forms of himself?
text: Nobody answers.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: The world had a box for him. And he
dialog: never pushed beyond it.
dialog: (scans the walls)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER) (CONT'D)
dialog: Perhaps...if Kofi had grown up just
dialog: a few neighborhoods over - he
dialog: could've been gentle. And proud to
dialog: have been that.
text: FRESH starts to tear up.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: But we aren't gathered here solely
dialog: to mourn. Let us break the boxes.
text: Montgomery bangs his fist against the newly painted wall.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: Let us give each other the courage
text: to SEE and BE SEEN.
text: He points at Loretta.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: YOU - Robin Hood of sweets!
text: He points at Wanda's husband, Ricky.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: YOU - once-jailed activist!
text: He whips a finger up at Jimmie.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: And YOU! You, Jimmie, are what is
dialog: great about this city! You're a
dialog: fantastic human. A great friend.
text: Jimmie self-consciously shifts as people look at him.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: We're here in this reborn relic
dialog: because of what this man has done!
text: From Jimmie's expression we can see Montgomery is off-script.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: Let us see him now. Self-taught
dialog: historian, carpenter, master
dialog: decorator, working class hero,
dialog: lover of lost San Francisco, friend
dialog: to all friends. YOU. You are seen.
dialog: Let us really look at Jimmie Fails
dialog: the Third.
text: The color drains from Jimmie's face as those who haven't
text: already turned to look at him shift in their seats.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: And we don't NEED any of this to
dialog: see you. This, our little
dialog: tabernacle, is but a place to
dialog: congregate today. BUT tomorrow,
dialog: you, YOU EXIST beyond these walls
dialog: of your forefathers.
text: He slams his hands against the walls, cracking the wood. The
text: whole audience jumps. Jimmie's jaw hardens.
text: Montgomery smiles warmly at Jimmie as he approaches him.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: You exist! In every form of
dialog: yourself! You - you are not this
dialog: floor!
text: Montgomery lifts the chair Jimmie just fixed and pounds it to
text: the floor for effect. Its leg breaks, rattling Montgomery.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Bra, what are you doing?
text: Montgomery freezes, panting.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: You are not this house, Jimmie.
dialog: And, and, it's time YOU KNOW.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I don’t need to know, let’s stop.
text: James Sr.'’s jaw clenches.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: You extend beyond these wa-
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Alright bra, enough.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: Jimmie you don’t need-
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
scene_heading: BRO. STOP-
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (AS PREACHER)
dialog: YOUR GRANDPA DIDN'T BUILD THIS
speaker_heading: HOUSE.
dialog: Silence.
text: Jimmie stares at Montgomery.
dialog: 83
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yes he did. He built this house.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Jim, he didn’t.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: He fucking did. How you gone tell
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I saw the deed.
text: Jimmie looks to everyone, embarrassed. He turns back to Mont.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: You don’t get it...I’m not fucking
dialog: great.
text: Montgomery studies him, confused.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Get outta here Mont.
text: Montgomery’s confusion turns to shock.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I’m not any of those things! Get
dialog: out of my house.
text: Jimmie marches out of the room. Chairs squeak as others begin
text: to rise slowly. Montgomery stands there, listless.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. “THE HOUSE” MASTER BEDROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Jimmie sits in the bay window watching the crowd spill out
text: onto the street.
text: James Sr. enters and playfully puts his dukes up to Jimmie.
text: He softly faux-jabs Jimmie’s chin. Jimmie doesn’t laugh.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: What, you in here watching TV?
text: James’ gaze follows Jimmies to the people outside.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Man, they don't deserve to be in
dialog: here anyway.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Neither do we.
dialog: 84
dialog: 91.
text: James Sr. sucks his teeth and starts to roll a cigarette.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: You gone really let some ol’ other
dialog: ass nigga tell you what’s true?
dialog: C’mon Jayboe, get your spine up,
dialog: son. Have some pride.
text: James Sr. smiles. Jimmie doesn't.
text: Jimmie finally turns to him. He looks him in the eyes,
dialog: searching.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I been knowing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But you say it.
text: Jimmie studies his father. A range of emotions flash over
text: James Sr.'s face.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Say what?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: The truth, I been knowing. This
dialog: whole time. I’m a liar just like
dialog: you. Now you say it.
text: James looks at his son, naked.
speaker_heading: JAMES SR.
dialog: Fuck outta here, man.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Say it.
text: After a moment, James Sr. lifts himself and passes his son.
text: He staggers down the steps, walks towards the front door and
text: pulls out the cigarette, his hands trembling. He lights it
text: with the same motion Jimmie does, and opens the door to a
text: strong wind. He exits.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE HOUSE" - AFTERNOON - CONTINUOUS
text: James Sr. clutches the collar of his coat, bracing for the
text: wind. Jimmie looks on from the window above.
text: The last parcel of life has left the house. Its emptiness
text: heightens its magnificence.
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" MULTIPLE ROOMS - AFTERNOON
text: Through archways, windows, and door frames - we see Jimmie
dialog: trapped between the walls that once gave him freedom:
text: Jimmie skates through the deserted house, his face
text: expressionless. Down the hallway, into the kitchen, back into
text: the parlor, and round the hallway again.
text: Jimmie stops skating, picks up his board, and sends it
text: crashing into the door frame. THWACK. He screams as he swings
text: it harder. On impact, WE CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" DINING ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Jimmie sits, cradling the two splintery halves of his board.
text: Montgomery’s unfinished room stares back at him: tools and
text: rigs sit awkwardly on the ornate shelving.
text: SQUEAK. The gate outside swings shut. Jimmie turns his head.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. "THE HOUSE" MULTIPLE ROOMS & BACKYARD - AFTERNOON
text: Jimmie walks down the long hallway, ears piqued - he can hear
text: footsteps in the brush. He arrives at the back door.
text: Wanda is leaned over something in the backyard.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: This is the sound of my hands
dialog: through - well I guess these are
dialog: asters now? Used to be tulips.
text: Jimmie watches his Aunt take a deep breath.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Auntie.
text: She turns to see him, bleary-eyed and dejected.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE HOUSE" BACKYARD - AFTERNOON - MOMENTS LATER
text: Wanda and Jimmie sit in silence in the yard.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I been telling people he built it
dialog: so long I almost forgot it wasn’t
dialog: true.
dialog: 93.
text: Jimmie’s barely has any voice left.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: You were telling your truth Jayboe.
dialog: You were just lying to do it.
text: Wanda flashes a sad smile and looks up at the house.
speaker_heading: WANDA (CONT’D)
dialog: This was ours. And then it wasn’t.
dialog: So you just tell yourself whatever
dialog: you need to feel like it still is,
dialog: right? We all did that. But you got
dialog: a chance to get out from underneath
dialog: that now.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I don’t want to. I just want it.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Yeah, I know. I seen your daddy
dialog: build his whole life around that,
dialog: around some story we got told when
dialog: we were kids. Shit, I did too.
dialog: Makes you feel good. Feel special.
dialog: I don’t think your grandpa even
dialog: took it that serious to be honest.
dialog: Folks back then didn’t really care
dialog: if it was true or not. Just made
dialog: them happy to have something to
dialog: aspire to.
text: Wanda looks to Jimmie.
speaker_heading: WANDA (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m hella proud of you though - you
dialog: almost made it real. All this work
dialog: you did. It’s incredible. But you
dialog: gotta really ask yourself now if
dialog: you want that? Spend your life here
dialog: working on this. Fighting for this.
dialog: Cause you could make this place
dialog: yours, I believe you could. But if
dialog: you leave, it's not your loss, it's
dialog: San Francisco's. That's how I think
dialog: about it anyways. Fuck San
dialog: Francisco.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: I love you Auntie, I’m sorry.
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Well I love you and I’m not. You my
dialog: little, bold, bad-ass, beautiful
dialog: nephew, man.
text: They hug.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Make all that the opening monologue
dialog: for your next show.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Psh more like the pep talk I need
dialog: to keep me going out there in
dialog: Antioch.
text: Jimmie hugs her harder.
speaker_heading: WANDA (CONT’D)
dialog: You're always welcome out there you
dialog: know.
text: Jimmie nods, remembering his sobering new reality.
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE" DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jimmie sits in a pool of gold light, deep in thought. He’s
text: surrounded by darkness.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - SUNRISE - TRAVELING
text: Jimmie sprawls across a seat, still in a meditative state.
text: San Francisco whirs past.
text: Two voices cut through the rattling wheels.
speaker_heading: BECCA (0.S.)
dialog: No - it’s 5 dollars for coffee. Not
dialog: some fancy triple foam ice-cream
dialog: shit. Coffee. Black.
speaker_heading: NINA (0.S.)
dialog: It’s absurd.
text: Almost too broken to move, Jimmie turns his head a few
text: degrees to look down the nearly empty car.
text: BECCA and NINA, two thirty-somethings in pencil skirts and
text: blouses, are en route to work. Nina applies foundation, while
text: Becca stares into her coffee, defeated.
dialog: 91
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: BECCA
dialog: Yeah, but I need it, to wake up, at
dialog: 5am, to trek, across town, to temp,
dialog: with a masters degree. While my mom
dialog: pretends NOT to freak out.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: Ugh, can we go back to New York
dialog: already?
speaker_heading: BECCA
dialog: Seriously fuck this city.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Excuse me-
text: The girls turn to Jimmie, caught off guard. He remains
dialog: slumped.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: You don't get to hate San
dialog: Francisco.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: Er, soooorry, who are you?
speaker_heading: BECCA
dialog: Yeah, thanks dude, I'll hate what I
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Do you love it?
speaker_heading: BECCA
dialog: I mean, it's- Yeah, I'm here. Do I
dialog: have to love it, like...
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: You don't get to hate it unless you
dialog: love it.
text: Jimmie rocks with the train. Nina and Becca turn away.
speaker_heading: NINA (0.S.)
dialog: Classic MUNI shit.
scene_heading: EXT. HP SHIPYARDS & HP BAY - MORNING - TRAVELING
text: Jimmie walks down the street, holding his broken board like a
text: wounded warrior returning from battle. He passes the
text: neighborhood kids playing in a pile of leaves, two women in
text: scrubs waiting for a bus, the old man in his fez and kimono.
dialog: 91.1
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 96.
text: Jimmie reaches the dock. He looks out over the water.
text: Montgomery sits on his rowboat, watching life on land unfold
text: from his usual safe distance.
text: He sees Jimmie. The two hold eye contact.
text: Montgomery collects his fishing gear and begins to paddle in.
text: HP DOCK - From Montgomery's perspective, we slop towards
text: Jimmie standing on the dock, statuesque. We bump up and down
dialog: against the chop...less...and less...until we sail smoothly
dialog: to him.
text: Montgomery steps onto the dock and sees his broken board.
text: Jimmie shakes his head, avoiding eye contact.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY (CONT’D)
dialog: I'm sorry I did that, Jim. It was a
dialog: stupid play.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: No it wasn’t. I’m sorry I didn’t
dialog: tell you the truth. I just wanted
dialog: it to be true, it felt so good, you
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: That’s okay-
text: Jimmie hugs him tight.
text: Montgomery hugs him back.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Jimmie. You hungry?
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yeah. Starving.
scene_heading: EXT. MONTGOMERY'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: Jimmie and Mont walk towards the house. Mont’s finger through
text: the gill of a fish he’s caught. None of the Greek Chorus are
text: around, only burnt candles, empty bottles and dead flowers.
scene_heading: INT. MONTGOMERY'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jimmie, Montgomery and Grandpa watch an old movie. Montgomery
text: rapt by the tension, explains the plot to Grandpa, who looks
text: glad to have his boys back. He squeezes Montgomery's arm.
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 97.1
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: INT. MONTGOMERY'S BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Jimmie watches Montgomery, who stands in the bathtub in undies
text: and boots. He whistles as he scrapes the scales off a petrale.
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Why are you in your tightie
dialog: whities?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I'm cleaning fish.
text: Jimmie smiles and begins chuckling. It's as if Montgomery's
dialog: quirks were put on earth for him alone to enjoy.
scene_heading: INT. MONTGOMERY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Jimmie grabs his cot from under the bed and rolls it out.
text: Mont whispers goodnight to a drawing of his mom on the wall.
text: Jimmie stares at the ceiling, then at Montgomery. He watches
text: his friend sleep, at peace. Jimmie's eyes float to the
text: painting above Montgomery's head:
text: A boat struggles against the chop of the San Francisco Bay.
scene_heading: INT. MONTGOMERY'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Montgomery wakes, one side of his hair flattened from the
text: pillow. He sits up to find Jimmie's cot rolled up.
scene_heading: INT. MONTGOMERY'S LIVING ROOM & KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER
text: Montgomery walks into the living room. Grandpa lies asleep on
text: the recliner under a blanket. Montgomery shuts off the TV.
text: He enters the kitchen and finds a flier folded in half.
text: Below the play’s header, “THE LAST BLACK MAN IN SAN
text: FRANCISCO,” is "MONTGOMERY" in beautiful handwriting.
text: Montgomery takes a seat and opens the flyer. It reads:
text: "I'M SORRY I DIDN'T KNOW HOW TO SAY GOODBYE. THANK YOU FOR
text: BEING MY BEST FRIEND."
text: Montgomery stares down at the card and then out the window.
text: With the twinkling harp-plucks of Sam Cooke's “DEEP RIVER,”
text: we push towards the window. The song rises as we see that
text: Mont's red rowboat is gone. Montgomery looks out at the Bay.
dialog: 98
dialog: 98.1
dialog: 98.2
dialog: 98.3
dialog: 98.4
dialog: 98.5
dialog: 98.6
dialog: 99
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE: DEEP RIVER
text: EXT. BUS STOP - Montgomery sits at a bus stop, mumbling to
text: himself as he waits patiently.
scene_heading: INT. GROCERY STORE - Montgomery, the last black man in San
text: Francisco, stands behind the fish counter. He stares, eyes
text: slightly out of focus, at the rows of dead fish on ice.
text: INT. BUS - Montgomery sits on the bus, staring out.
text: EXT. THE BAY - We glide over deep water and slowly tilt up to
text: find Jimmie, rowing against the chop like Montgomery's
text: painting. Freedom, fear, and determination fill his face.
text: EXT. "THE HOUSE" - Montgomery stares up at the now lifeless
text: house from across the street. Stripped of its molding and
text: intricate detail, the renovated facade now boasts a two car
text: garage beneath it.
text: INT. "THE HOUSE" PARLOR & FRONT HALLWAY - Young couples pass
text: between rooms, whispering in hushed tones. Montgomery floats
text: past them like a ghost. The house is staged for purchase: an
text: Ikea couch, reclaimed wood table, cardboard books and wax fruit.
text: Montgomery picks up a fake fruit and stares at it in his
text: hand. He glances into the library with a purposeful look.
text: INT. "THE HOUSE" LIBRARY - A couple inspects the built-in
text: bookcases, failing to notice one of the shelves behind them
text: slowly creak open and reveal a shadowy cavity.
text: From the darkness, out leaps a dust-covered Montgomery,
text: fingers gnarled like a vengeful ghost! Just before they can
dialog: scream—
scene_heading: EXT. HP SHIPYARDS / HP DOCK - DUSK
text: Montgomery dangles his feet over the edge of the dock. The
text: faint sounds of sirens blare somewhere far away.
text: Behind him, a candlelit vigil makes its way past his house
text: with signs reading RIP KOFI. They cast flickering gold shadows
text: onto Montgomery's reflection in the water. He stares out at
text: the Bay as the incoming mist begins to fog his view.
speaker_heading: END.
dialog: 
