speaker_heading: THE LITTLE MERMAID
scene_heading: ----------------------
dialog: The complete script
dialog: Compiled by Corey Johanningmeier
dialog: Portions copyright (c)1989 by Walt Disney Co.
scene_heading: -----------------------------------------------------------
text: (An ocean. Birds are flying and porpoises are swimming happily.
text: From the fog a ship appears crashing through the waves)
dialog: Sailors: I'll tell you a tale of the bottomless blue
dialog: And it's hey to the starboard, heave ho
dialog: Look out, lad, a mermaid be waitin' for you
text: In mysterious fathoms below.
dialog: Eric: Isn't this great? The salty sea air, the wind blowing in your face . . .
dialog: a perfect day to be at sea!
dialog: Grimsby: (Leaning over side.) Oh yes . . . delightful . . . .
text: Sailor 1: A fine strong wind and a following sea. King Triton must be in a
dialog: friendly-type mood.
dialog: Eric: King Triton?
dialog: Sailor 2: Why, ruler of the merpeople, lad. Thought every good sailor knew
dialog: about him.
dialog: Grimsby: Merpeople! Eric, pay no attention to this nautical nonsense.
dialog: Sailor 2: But it ain't nonsense, it's the truth! I'm tellin' you, down in the
text: depths o' the ocean they live. (He gestures wildly, Fish in his hand flops
text: away and lands back in the ocean, relieved.)
text: Sailors: Heave. ho. Heave, ho. In mysterious fathoms below. (Fish sighs and
dialog: swims away.)
text: (Titles. Various fish swimming. Merpeople converge on a great undersea
text: palace, filling concert hall inside. Fanfare ensues.)
dialog: Seahorse: Ahem . . . His royal highness, King Triton! (Triton enters
text: dramatically to wild cheering.) And presenting the distinguished court
dialog: composer, Horatio Thelonious Ignatius Crustaceous Sebastian! (Sebastion
text: enters to mild applause.)
dialog: Triton: I'm really looking forward to this performance, Sebastian.
dialog: Sebastian: Oh, Your Majesty, this will be the finest concert I have ever con-
dialog: ducted. Your daughters - they will be spectacular!
dialog: Triton: Yes, and especially my little Ariel.
dialog: Sebastian: Yes, yes, she has the most beautiful voice. . . . [sotto] If only
dialog: she'd show up for rehearsals once in a while. . . . (He proceeds to podium
text: and begins to direct orchestra.)
dialog: Triton's daughters: Ah, we are the daughters of Triton.
dialog: Great father who loves us and named us well:
dialog: Aquata, Andrina, Arista, Atina, Adella, Allana.
dialog: And then there is the youngest in her musical debut,
dialog: Our seventh little sister, we're presenting her to you,
dialog: To sing a song Sebastian wrote, her voice is like a bell,
dialog: She's our sister, Ar-i . . .
text: (Shell opens to reveal that Ariel is absent.)
dialog: Triton: (Very angry.) Ariel!!
dialog: (Cut to Ariel looking at sunken ship.)
dialog: Flounder: (From distance.) Ariel, wait for me . . .
dialog: Ariel: Flounder, hurry up!
dialog: Flounder: (Catching up.) You know I can't swim that fast.
dialog: Ariel: There it is. Isn't it fantastic?
dialog: Flounder: Yeah . . . sure . . . it - it's great. Now let's get outta here.
dialog: Ariel: You're not getting cold fins now, are you?
dialog: Flounder: Who, me? No way. It's just, it, err . . . it looks - damp in there.
dialog: Yeah. And I think I may be coming down with something. Yeah, I got this
text: cough. (Flounder coughs unconvincingly)
dialog: Ariel: All right. I'm going inside. You can just stay here and - watch for
dialog: sharks. (She goes inside.)
dialog: Flounder: O.K. Yeah - you go. I'll stay and - what? Sharks! Ariel!
dialog: (He tries to fit through porthole.) Ariel . . . I can't . . . I mean-
dialog: Ariel help!
dialog: Ariel: (Laughs.) Oh, Flounder.
dialog: Flounder: (Wispering.)Ariel, do you really think there might be sharks around
dialog: here? (Shark passes outside.)
dialog: Ariel: Flounder, don't be such a guppy.
dialog: Flounder: I'm not a guppy. (Gets pulled through porthole.)This is great - I
dialog: mean, I really love this. Excitement, adventure, danger lurking around
text: every corn- YAAAAHHHHHHHH!! Ariel!! (He sees a skull, crashes into pillar
text: causing cave in, and swims frantically away, knocking over Ariel.)
dialog: Ariel: Oh, are you okay?
dialog: Flounder: Yeah sure, no problem, I'm okay . . .
dialog: Ariel: Shhh . . . (Seeing a fork.) Oh my gosh! Oh my gosh! Have you ever
dialog: seen anything so wonderful in your entire life?
dialog: Flounder: Wow, cool! But, err, what is it?
dialog: Ariel: I don't know. But I bet Scuttle will.
text: (Puts fork in bag. Skark swims by outside.)
dialog: Flounder: What was that? Did you hear something?
dialog: Ariel: (Distracted by pipe.) Hmm, I wonder what this one is?
dialog: Flounder: Ariel . .
dialog: Ariel: Flounder, will you relax. Nothing is going to happen.
text: Flounder: (Seeing Shark looming behind him.) AAHHHH!! Run!! Run!! We're
text: gonna die!! (Shark chases them all around. Ariel's bag is hung up. She
text: goes back for it. Shark almost gets them. They head for porthole.) Oh No!!
text: (They crash through and go round and round. Flounder gets knocked silly
dialog: but Ariel saves him and traps Shark) You big bully. THBBBTTTT . . .
text: (Shark snaps at him and he swims away.)
dialog: Ariel: (Laughing.) Flounder, you really are a guppy.
dialog: Flounder: I am not.
text: (On surface. Scuttle on his island humming and looking through his
dialog: telescope.)
dialog: Ariel: Scuttle!
dialog: Scuttle: (Looking through the telescope the wrong way, shouting.) Whoa!
dialog: Mermaid off the port bow! Ariel, how you doin' kid? (Lowers telescope to
dialog: reveal Ariel at wing's length.) Whoa, what a swim!
dialog: Ariel: Scuttle - look what we found.
dialog: Flounder: Yeah - we were in this sunken ship - it was really creepy.
dialog: Scuttle: Human stuff, huh? Hey, lemme see. (Picks up fork.) Look at this.
dialog: Wow - this is special - this is very, very unusual.
dialog: Ariel: What? What is it?
dialog: Scuttle: It's a dinglehopper! Humans use these little babies . . . to
dialog: straighten their hair out. See - just a little twirl here an' a yank
dialog: there and - voiolay! You got an aesthetically pleasing configuration
dialog: of hair that humans go nuts over!
dialog: Ariel: A dinglehopper!
dialog: Flounder: What about that one?
dialog: Scuttle: (Holding pipe) Ah - this I haven't seen in years. This is wonderful!
text: A banded, bulbous - snarfblat.
dialog: Ariel and Flounder: Oohhh.
dialog: Scuttle: Now, the snarfblat dates back to prehistorical times, when humans used
dialog: to sit around, and stare at each other all day. Got very boring. So, they
dialog: invented the snarfblat to make fine music. Allow me.
text: (Scuttle blows into the pipe; seaweed pops out the other end.)
dialog: Ariel: Music? Oh, the concert! Oh my gosh, my father's gonna kill me!
dialog: Flounder: The concert was today?
dialog: Scuttle: (Still contemplating pipe.) Maybe you could make a little planter
dialog: out of it or somethin'.
dialog: Ariel: Uh, I'm sorry, I've gotta go. Thank you Scuttle. (Waves.)
dialog: Scuttle: Anytime sweetie, anytime.
text: (Cut to Flotsam and Jetsam, then Ursula in background watching magic
dialog: projection of Ariel swimming.)
dialog: Ursula: Yeeeeeees, hurry home, princess. We wouldn't want to miss old daddy's
dialog: celebration, now, would we? Huh! Celebration indeed. Bah! In MY day, we
dialog: had fantastical feasts when I lived in the palace. And now, look at me -
dialog: wasted away to practically nothing - banished and exiled and practically
dialog: starving, while he and his flimsy fish-folk celebrate. Well, I'll give 'em
dialog: something to celebrate soon enough. Flotsam! Jetsam! I want you to keep an
dialog: extra close watch on this pretty little daughter of his. She may be the key
dialog: to Triton's undoing. . . .
text: (Fade to the palace throne room where Ariel is being admonished.)
dialog: Triton: I just don't know what we're going to do with you, young lady.
dialog: Ariel: Daddy, I'm sorry, I just forgot, I -
dialog: Triton: As a result of your careless behaviour -
dialog: Sebastian: Careless and reckless behaviour!
dialog: Triton: - the entire celebration was, er -
dialog: Sebastian: Well, it was ruined! That's all. Completely destroyed! This
dialog: concert was to be the pinnacle of my distinguished career. Now thanks to
dialog: you I am the laughing stock of the entire kingdom!
dialog: Flounder: But it wasn't her fault! Ah - well - first, ahh, this shark chased us
dialog: - yeah - yeah! And we tried to - but we couldn't - and - grrrrrrrrr - and -
dialog: and we - whoooaaaaaa - oh, and then we were safe. But then this seagull came,
dialog: and it was this is this, and that is that, and -
dialog: Triton: Seagull? What? Oh - you went up to the surface again, didn't you?
dialog: DIDN'T YOU?
dialog: Ariel: Nothing - happened. . . .
dialog: Triton: Oh, Ariel, How many times must we go through this? You could've been
dialog: seen by one of those barbarians - by - by one of those humans!
dialog: Ariel: Daddy, they're not barbarians!
dialog: Triton: They're dangerous. Do you think I want to see my youngest daughter
dialog: snared by some fish-eater's hook?
dialog: Ariel: I'm sixteen years old - I'm not a child anymore -
dialog: Triton: Don't you take that tone of voice with me young lady. As long as you
dialog: live under my ocean, you'll obey my rules!
dialog: Ariel: But if you would just listen -
dialog: Triton: Not another word - and I am never, NEVER to hear of you going to the
dialog: surface again. Is that clear? (Ariel leaves, crying.)
dialog: Sebastian: Hm! Teenagers. . . . They think they know everything. You give
dialog: them an inch, they swim all over you.
dialog: Triton: Do you, er, think I - I was too hard on her?
dialog: Sebastian: Definitely not. Why, if Ariel was my daughter, I'd show her who was
dialog: boss. None of this "flitting to the surface" and other such nonsense. No,
dialog: sir - I'd keep her under tight control.
dialog: Triton: You're absolutely right, Sebastian.
dialog: Sebastian: Of course.
dialog: Triton: Ariel needs constant supervision.
dialog: Sebastian: Constant.
dialog: Triton: Someone to watch over her - to keep her out of trouble.
dialog: Sebastian: All the time -
dialog: Triton: And YOU are just the crab to do it.
dialog: (Cut to Sebastion walking down corridor.)
dialog: Sebastian: How do I get myself into these situations? I should be writing
text: symphonies - not tagging along after some headstrong teenager. (Sees Ariel
dialog: and Flounder sneaking off and follows.) Hmm? What is that girl up to? (He
text: barely makes it into cave and sees Ariel's collection.) Huh?
dialog: Flounder: Ariel, are you okay?
dialog: Ariel: If only I could make him understand. I just don't see things the way he
dialog: does. I don't see how a world that makes such wonderful things - could be
dialog: bad.
dialog: Look at this stuff
dialog: Isn't it neat?
dialog: Wouldn't you think my collection's complete?
dialog: Wouldn't you think I'm the girl
dialog: The girl who has ev'rything?
dialog: Look at this trove
dialog: Treasures untold
dialog: How many wonders can one cavern hold?
dialog: Lookin' around here you'd think
dialog: Sure, she's got everything
dialog: I've got gadgets and gizmos aplenty
dialog: I've got whozits and whatzits galore
dialog: (You want thingamabobs?
dialog: I got twenty)
dialog: But who cares?
dialog: No big deal
dialog: I want more
dialog: I wanna be where the people are
dialog: I wanna see
dialog: Wanna see 'em dancin'
dialog: Walkin' around on those
dialog: (Whad'ya call 'em?) oh - feet
dialog: Flippin' your fins you don't get too far
dialog: Legs are required for jumpin', dancin'
dialog: Strollin' along down a
dialog: (What's that word again?) street
dialog: Up where they walk
dialog: Up where they run
dialog: Up where they stay all day in the sun
dialog: Wanderin' free
dialog: Wish I could be
dialog: Part of that world
dialog: What would I give
dialog: If I could live
dialog: Outta these waters?
dialog: What would I pay
dialog: To spend a day
dialog: Warm on the sand?
dialog: Betcha on land
dialog: They understand
dialog: Bet they don't reprimand their daughters
dialog: Bright young women
dialog: Sick o' swimmin'
dialog: Ready to stand
dialog: And ready to know what the people know
dialog: Ask 'em my questions
dialog: And get some answers
dialog: What's a fire and why does it
dialog: (What's the word?) burn?
dialog: When's it my turn?
dialog: Wouldn't I love
dialog: Love to explore that shore above?
dialog: Out of the sea
dialog: Wish I could be
dialog: Part of that world
text: (Sebastion has been struggling around and now comes crashing down making
dialog: a lot of noise.)
dialog: Ariel: Sebastion!?
dialog: Sebastian: Ariel - what, are you mad? How could you - what is all this?
dialog: Ariel: It, err, it's just my - collection. . . .
dialog: Sebastian: Oh. I see. Your collection. Hmmm. IF YOUR FATHER KNEW ABOUT THIS
speaker_heading: PLACE HE'D -
dialog: Flounder: You're not gonna tell him, are you?
dialog: Ariel: Oh, please, Sebastian, he would never understand.
dialog: Sebastian: Ariel. You're under a lot of pressure down here. Come with me,
dialog: I'll take you home and get you something warm to drink. (A ship passes by
dialog: overhead.)
dialog: Ariel: What do you suppose?. . .
dialog: Sebastion: Ariel? Ariel!
text: (On surface. Fireworks in the sky around ship. Ariel looks on,
text: amazed. Sebastion and Flounder arrive.)
dialog: Sebastion: Ariel, what - what are you- jumpin' jellyfish! Ariel, Ariel!
text: Please come back! (Ariel swims to ship and watches party until Max finds
dialog: her.)
dialog: Eric: (Whistles.) Max, here boy. Hey, come on, mutt, whatcha doing, huh
text: Max? Good boy. (Ariel sees him and is stricken.)
dialog: Scuttle: Hey there, sweetie! Quite a show, eh?
dialog: Ariel: Scuttle, be quiet! They'll hear you.
dialog: Scuttle: Oooh, I gotcha, I gotcha. We're being intrepidatious. WE'RE OUT TO
dialog: DISCOVER! (Ariel grabs his beak.)
dialog: Ariel: I've never seen a human this close before. Oh - he's very handsome,
dialog: isn't he?
dialog: Scuttle: (Looking at Max) I dunno, he looks kinda hairy and slobbery to me.
dialog: Ariel: Not that one - the one playing the snarfblat.
dialog: Grimsby: Silence! Silence! It is now my honour and privilege to present our
dialog: esteemed Prince Eric with a very special, very expensive, very large birthday
dialog: present.
dialog: Eric: Ah, Grimsby - y'old beanpole, you shouldn't have.
dialog: Grimsby: I know. Happy birthday, Eric! (Large, gaudy statue of Eric is
text: revealed. Max growls.)
dialog: Eric: Gee, Grim. It's, err, it's, err - it's really somethin'. . . .
dialog: Grimsby: Yes, I commissioned it myself. Of course, I had hoped it would be a
dialog: wedding present, but . . .
dialog: Eric: Come on, Grim, don't start. Look, you're not still sore because I didn't
dialog: fall for the princess of Glauerhaven, are you?
dialog: Grimsby: Oh, Eric, it isn't me alone. The entire kingdom wants to see you
text: happily settled down with the right girl.
dialog: Eric: Well, she's out there somewhere. I just - I just haven't found her yet.
dialog: Grimsby: Well, perhaps you haven't been looking hard enough.
dialog: Eric: Believe me, Grim, when I find her I'll know - without a doubt. It'll
dialog: just - bam! - hit me - like lightning. (Lightning and thunder appear and the
dialog: sky grows dark.)
dialog: Sailor: Hurricane a'commin'!! Stand fast! Secure the riggin'! (Storm hits.)
dialog: Scuttle: Whoa! The wind's all of a sudden on the move here. (He is blown
text: away.) Oh! Ariel . . . (Ship crashes through storm. Lightning starts a fire.
text: A rock looms ahead.)
text: Eric: Look out! . . . (Ship crashes and all are thrown overboard except Max.)
dialog: Grim, hang on! (Sees Max.) Max! (Goes back to save him.) Jump Max! Come
dialog: on boy, jump! You can do it Max. (He saves Max but is trapped on board.)
text: Grimsby: ERIC! (Ship explodes. Ariel finds Eric near drowning and pulls him
dialog: away.)
text: (On beach. Ariel is sitting next to an unconscious Eric.)
dialog: Ariel: Is he - dead?
text: Scuttle: (Opens Eric's eyelid.) It's hard to say. (Puts his ear against Eric's
dialog: foot.) Oh, I - I can't make out a heartbeat.
dialog: Ariel: No, look! He's breathing. He's so, beautiful.
dialog: What would I give
dialog: To live where you are?
dialog: What would I pay
dialog: To stay here beside you?
dialog: What would I do to see you
dialog: Smiling at me?
dialog: Where would we walk?
dialog: Where would we run?
dialog: If we could stay all day in the sun?
dialog: Just you and me
dialog: And I could be
dialog: Part of your world
text: (Sebastion and Flounder have washed up and are watching scene. Max and
text: Grimsby approach. Ariel hurries away.)
dialog: Grimsby: Eric! Oh, Eric. You really delight in these sadistic strains on my
dialog: blood pressure, don't you?
dialog: Eric: A girl - rescued me. . . . She was - singing . . . she had the most -
dialog: beautiful voice.
dialog: Grimsby: Ah, Eric, I think you've swallowed a bit too much seawater. Off we
dialog: go. Come on, Max.
dialog: Sebastian: We just gotta forget this whole thing ever happened. The sea king
dialog: will never know. You won't tell him, I won't tell him. I will stay in one
dialog: piece.
dialog: Ariel:
dialog: I don't know when
dialog: I don't know how
dialog: But I know something's starting right now
dialog: Watch and you'll see
dialog: Some day I'll be
dialog: Part of your world
text: (Flotsam and Jetsam appear. Fade to Ursula watching from her chamber.)
dialog: Ursula: Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. I can't stand it - it's too easy. The
dialog: child is in love with a human. And not just any human - a prince! Her
dialog: daddy'll LOVE that. King Triton's headstrong, lovesick girl would make a
dialog: charming addition to my little garden.
dialog: (Fade to palace. Then sister's dressing room.)
dialog: Andrina: Ariel, dear, time to come out. You've been in there all morning.
text: (Ariel emerges, singing to herself.)
dialog: Atina: What is with her lately?
dialog: Ariel: Morning, Daddy. (Ariel swims off.)
dialog: Atina: Oh, she's got it bad.
dialog: Triton: What? What has she got?
dialog: Andrina: Isn't it obvious, Daddy? Ariel's in love.
dialog: Triton: Ariel? In love?
dialog: (Cut to Sebastion pacing on rock outside.)
dialog: Sebastian: O.K. So far, so good. I don't think the king knows. But it will not
dialog: be easy keeping something like this a secret for long.
dialog: Ariel: (Picking petals off a flower) He loves me . . . hmmm, he loves me
dialog: not. . . . He loves me! I knew it!
dialog: Sebastian: Ariel, stop talking crazy.
dialog: Ariel: I gotta see him again - tonight! Scuttle knows where he lives.
dialog: Sebastian: Ariel - please. Will you get your head out of the clouds and back
dialog: in the water where it belongs?
dialog: Ariel: I'll swim up to his castle. Then Flounder will splash around to get his
dialog: attention, and then with -
dialog: Sebastian: Down HERE is your home! Ariel - listen to me. The human world -
dialog: it's a mess. Life under the sea is better than anything they got up there.
dialog: The seaweed is always greener
dialog: In somebody else's lake
dialog: You dream about going up there
dialog: But that is a big mistake
dialog: Just look at the world around you
dialog: Right here on the ocean floor
dialog: Such wonderful things surround you
dialog: What more is you lookin' for?
dialog: Under the sea
dialog: Under the sea
dialog: Darling it's better
dialog: Down where it's wetter
dialog: Take it from me
dialog: Up on the shore they work all day
dialog: Out in the sun they slave away
dialog: While we devotin'
dialog: Full time to floatin'
dialog: Under the sea
dialog: Down here all the fish is happy
dialog: As off through the waves they roll
dialog: The fish on the land ain't happy
dialog: They sad 'cause they in their bowl
dialog: But fish in the bowl is lucky
dialog: They in for a worser fate
dialog: One day when the boss get hungry
dialog: Guess who's gon' be on the plate
dialog: Under the sea
dialog: Under the sea
dialog: Nobody beat us
dialog: Fry us and eat us
dialog: In fricassee
dialog: We what the land folks loves to cook
dialog: Under the sea we off the hook
dialog: We got no troubles
dialog: Life is the bubbles
dialog: Under the sea
dialog: Under the sea
dialog: Since life is sweet here
dialog: We got the beat here
dialog: Naturally
dialog: Even the sturgeon an' the ray
dialog: They get the urge 'n' start to play
dialog: We got the spirit
dialog: You got to hear it
dialog: Under the sea
dialog: The newt play the flute
dialog: The carp play the harp
dialog: The plaice play the bass
dialog: And they soundin' sharp
dialog: The bass play the brass
dialog: The chub play the tub
dialog: The fluke is the duke of soul
dialog: (Yeah)
dialog: The ray he can play
dialog: The lings on the strings
dialog: The trout rockin' out
dialog: The blackfish she sings
dialog: The smelt and the sprat
dialog: They know where it's at
dialog: An' oh that blowfish blow
dialog: Under the sea
dialog: Under the sea
dialog: When the sardine
dialog: Begin the beguine
dialog: It's music to me
dialog: What do they got? A lot of sand
dialog: We got a hot crustacean band
dialog: Each little clam here
dialog: know how to jam here
dialog: Under the sea
dialog: Each little slug here
dialog: Cuttin' a rug here
dialog: Under the sea
dialog: Each little snail here
dialog: Know how to wail here
dialog: That's why it's hotter
dialog: Under the water
dialog: Ya we in luck here
dialog: Down in the muck here
dialog: Under the sea
dialog: (They discover that Ariel has left with Flounder.)
dialog: Ariel? Ariel? Oh . . . somebody's got to nail that girl's fins to the floor.
dialog: Seahorse: Sebastian! Sebastian, I've been looking all over for you. I've got
text: an urgent message from the sea king.
dialog: Sebastian: The sea king?
dialog: Seahorse: He wants to see you right away - something about Ariel.
dialog: Sebastian: He knows!
dialog: (In palace throne room. Triton looking at flower.)
dialog: Triton: Let's see, now. . . . Oh, who could the lucky merman be? (Notices
dialog: Sebastion.) Come in, Sebastion.
dialog: Sebastian: (Sotto) I mustn't overreact. I must remain calm. (Five octaves
dialog: higher than normal) Yes - (loco) yes, Your Majesty.
dialog: Triton: Now, Sebastian, I'm concerned about Ariel. Have you noticed she's been
dialog: acting peculiar lately?
dialog: Sebastian: Peculiar?
dialog: Triton: You know, moaning about, daydreaming, singing to herself. . . . You
dialog: haven't noticed, hmm?
dialog: Sebastian: Oh - well, I -
dialog: Triton: Sebastian. . . .
dialog: Sebastian: Hmmm?
dialog: Triton: I know you've been keeping something from me. . . .
dialog: Sebastian: Keeping . . . something?
dialog: Triton: About Ariel?
dialog: Sebastian: Ariel . . . ?
dialog: Triton: In love?
dialog: Sebastian: I tried to stop her, sir. She wouldn't listen. I told her to stay
dialog: away from humans - they are bad, they are trouble, they -
dialog: Triton: Humans? WHAT ABOUT HUMANS?
dialog: Sebastian: Humans? Ho ho ho ho. . . . Who said anything about humans?
dialog: (Fade to Ariel and Flounder entering cave.)
dialog: Ariel: Flounder, why can't you just tell me what this is all about?
dialog: Flounder: You'll see. It's a suprise.
dialog: Ariel: (Sees statue of Eric.) Oh, Flounder- Flounder you're the best! it looks
dialog: just like him. It even has his eyes. "Why, Eric, run away with you? This
dialog: is all so - so sudden. . . . (Turns around and sees Triton.) Daddy! . . .
dialog: Triton: I consider myself a reasonable merman. I set certain rules, and I
dialog: expect those rules to be obeyed.
dialog: Ariel: But Daddy!-
dialog: Triton: Is it true you rescued a human from drowing?
dialog: Ariel: Daddy, I had to-
dialog: Triton: Contact between the human world and the mer-world is strictly for-
dialog: bidden. Ariel, you know that! Everyone knows that!
dialog: Ariel: He would have died-
dialog: Triton: One less human to worry about!
dialog: Ariel: You don't even know him.
dialog: Triton: Know him? I don't have to know him. They're all the same. Spineless,
text: savage, harpooning, fish-eaters, incapable of any feeling-
dialog: Ariel: Daddy, I love him!
dialog: Triton: No . . . Have you lost your senses completely? He's a human, you're
dialog: a mermaid!
dialog: Ariel: I don't care.
dialog: Triton: So help me Ariel, I am going to get through to you. And if this is the
dialog: only way, so be it. (Begins to blast the artifacts with his trident.)
dialog: Ariel: Daddy!. . . No . . . No, please- Daddy, stop!. . . Daddy, Nooo!!. . .
text: (He blasts statue. Ariel begins crying and he leaves, ashamed.)
dialog: Sebastion: Ariel, I . . .
text: Ariel: (Still crying.) Just go away. (He leaves and Flotsan and Jetsam appear.)
dialog: Flotsam: Poor child.
dialog: Jetsam: Poor, sweet child.
dialog: Flotsam: She has a very serious problem
dialog: Jetsam: If only there were something we could do.
dialog: Flotsam: But there is something.
dialog: Ariel: Who - who are you?
dialog: Jetsam: Don't be scared.
dialog: Flotsam: We represent someone who can help you.
dialog: Jetsam: Someone who could make all your dreams come true.
dialog: Flotsam and Jetsam: Just imagine -
dialog: Jetsam: You and your prince -
dialog: Flotsam and Jetsam: Together, forever. . . .
dialog: Ariel: I don't understand.
dialog: Jetsam: Ursula has great powers
dialog: Ariel: The sea witch? Why, that's - I couldn't possibly - no! Get out of
dialog: here! Leave me alone!
dialog: Flotsam: Suit yourself.
dialog: Jetsam: It was only a suggestion.
text: [Jetsam flicks the statue's broken face towards Ariel.]
dialog: Ariel: [Looking at the face] Wait.
dialog: Flotsam and Jetsam: Yeeeeeeeeeess?
dialog: (Cut to outside of cave with Flounder and Sebastion.)
dialog: Flounder: (snif) Poor Ariel.
dialog: Sebastion: I didn't mean to tell, it was an accident. (Ariel passes by.)
dialog: Ariel - where are you going? Ariel, what are you doing here with this
dialog: riff-raff?
dialog: riel: I'm going to see Ursula.
dialog: Sebastian: Ariel, no! No, she's a demon, she's a monster!
dialog: Ariel: Why don't you go tell my father? You're good at that.
dialog: Sebastion: But . . . But, I . . . (To Flounder.) Come on. (They travel towards
dialog: Ursula's cavern.)
text: Flotsam and Jetsam: This way. (Ariel enters and is hung up in the garden of
dialog: souls.)
dialog: Ursula: Come in. Come in, my child. We mustn't lurk in doorways - it's rude.
dialog: One MIGHT question your upbringing. . . . Now, then. You're here because
dialog: you have a thing for this human. This, er, prince fellow. Not that I blame
dialog: you - he is quite a catch, isn't he? Well, angel fish, the solution to your
dialog: problem is simple. The only way to get what you want - is to become a human
dialog: yourself.
dialog: Ariel: Can you DO that?
dialog: Ursula: My dear, sweet child. That's what I do - it's what I live for. To help
dialog: unfortunate merfolk - like yourself. Poor souls with no one else to turn to.
dialog: I admit that in the past I've been a nasty
dialog: They weren't kidding when they called me, well, a witch
dialog: But you'll find that nowadays
dialog: I've mended all my ways
dialog: Repented, seen the light and made a switch
dialog: True? Yes
dialog: And I fortunately know a little magic
dialog: It's a talent that I always have possessed
dialog: And here lately, please don't laugh
dialog: I use it on behalf
dialog: Of the miserable, lonely and depressed
dialog: (Pathetic)
dialog: Poor unfortunate souls
dialog: In pain
dialog: In need
dialog: This one longing to be thinner
dialog: That one wants to get the girl
dialog: And do I help them?
dialog: Yes, indeed
dialog: Those poor unfortunate souls
dialog: So sad
dialog: So true
dialog: They come flocking to my cauldron
dialog: Crying, "Spells, Ursula please!"
dialog: And I help them?
dialog: Yes, I do
dialog: Now it's happened once or twice
dialog: Someone couldn't pay the price
dialog: And I'm afraid I had to rake 'em 'cross the coals
dialog: Yes, I've had the odd complaint
dialog: But on the whole I've been a saint
dialog: To those poor unfortunate souls
dialog: Now, here's the deal. I will make you a potion that will turn you into
dialog: a human for three days. Got that? Three days. Now listen, this is import-
dialog: ant. Before the sun sets on the third day, you've got to get dear ol'
dialog: princey to fall in love with you. That is, he's got to kiss you. Not just
dialog: any kiss - the kiss of true love. If he does kiss you before the sun sets on
dialog: the third day, you'll remain human, permanently, but - if he doesn't, you
dialog: turn back into a mermaid, and - you belong to me.
dialog: Sebastion: No Ariel! (He is silenced by Flotsam and Jetsam.)
dialog: Ursula: Have we got a deal?
dialog: Ariel: If I become human, I'll never be with my father or sisters again.
dialog: Ursula: That's right. . . . But - you'll have your man. Life's full of tough
dialog: choices, innit? Oh - and there is one more thing. We haven't discussed the
dialog: subject of payment. You can't get something for nothing, you know.
dialog: Ariel: But I don't have any -
dialog: Ursula: I'm not asking much. Just a token, really, a trifle. You'll never even
dialog: miss it. What I want from you is . . . your voice.
dialog: Ariel: My voice?
dialog: Ursula: You've got it, sweetcakes. No more talking, singing, zip.
dialog: Ariel: But without my voice, how can I -
dialog: Ursula: You'll have your looks! Your pretty face! And don't underestimate the
dialog: importance of body language! Ha!
dialog: The men up there don't like a lot of blabber
dialog: They think a girl who gossips is a bore
dialog: Yes, on land it's much preferred
dialog: For ladies not to say a word
dialog: And after all, dear, what is idle prattle for?
dialog: Come on, they're not all that impressed with conversation
dialog: True gentlemen avoid it when they can
text: But they dote and swoon and fawn
dialog: On a lady who's withdrawn
dialog: It's she who holds her tongue who gets her man
dialog: Come on, you poor unfortunate soul
dialog: Go ahead!
dialog: Make your choice!
dialog: I'm a very busy woman
dialog: And I haven't got all day
dialog: It won't cost much
dialog: Just your voice!
dialog: You poor unfortunate soul
dialog: It's sad
dialog: But true
dialog: If you want to cross a bridge, my sweet
dialog: You've got to pay the toll
dialog: Take a gulp and take a breath
dialog: And go ahead and sign the scroll!
dialog: Flotsam, Jetsam, now I've got her, boys
text: The boss is on a roll
dialog: This poor unfortunate soul.
dialog: (Ariel signs contract.)
dialog: Paluga, sarruga, come winds of the Caspian Sea.
dialog: Now rings us glossitis and max laryngitis,
dialog: La voce to me!
dialog: Now . . . sing!
dialog: Ariel: (Sings.)
dialog: Ursula: Keep singing! (Giant magical hands rip out Ariel's voice and give it to
text: Ursula. She laughs as Ariel is changed into a human and rushed to the surf-
dialog: ace by Flounder and Sebastion.)
text: (Fade to beach. Eric and Max are walking near castle.)
dialog: Eric: (Playing flute.) That voice. I can't get it out of my head. I've looked
dialog: everywhere, Max - where could she be? (On other side of rocks Ariel is
text: washed up. Sebastion and Flounder are exausted. Ariel sees her legs and is
dialog: amazed.)
dialog: Scuttle: Well, look at what the catfish dragged in! Look at ya! Look at ya!
dialog: There's something different. Don't tell me - I got it. It's your hairdo,
dialog: right? You've been using the dinglehopper, right? No? No huh, well let me
dialog: see. New . . . seashells? No new seashells. I gotta admit I can't put my
dialog: foot on it right now, but if I just stand here long enough I know that I'll -
dialog: Sebastian: SHE'S GOT LEGS, YOU IDIOT! She traded her voice to the sea witch
dialog: and got legs. Jeez, man . . .
dialog: Scuttle: I knew that.
dialog: Flounder: Ariel's been turned into a human. She's gotta make the prince fall in
dialog: love with her, and he's gotta ki- he's gotta kiss her. (Ariel tries to get
dialog: up.)
dialog: Sebastion: And she's only got three days. Just look at her. On legs. On human
dialog: legs! My nerves are shot. This is a catastrophe! What would her father say?
dialog: I'll tell you what her father'd say, he'd say he's gonna kill himself a crab,
dialog: that's what her father'd say! I'm gonna march meself straight home right now
dialog: and tell him just like I shoulda done de minute- (Ariel grabs him.) . . . and
dialog: don't you shake your head at me, young lady. Maybe there's still time. If
dialog: we could get that witch to give you back your voice, you could go home with
dialog: all the normal fish, and just be . . . just be . . . just be miserable for
dialog: the rest of your life. All right, all right. I'll try to help you find that
dialog: prince. Boy. What a soft-shell I'm turning out to be.
dialog: Scuttle: Now, Ariel, I'm tellin' ya, if you wanna be a human the first thing
dialog: you gotta do is dress like one. Now lemme see.
text: (Cut to Eric and Max. Max smells Ariel and gets excited.)
dialog: Eric: Max? Huh . . . what, Max!
dialog: Scuttle: (Whistles.) Ya look great kid. Ya look - sensational. (They hear Max.
text: He arrives and chases Ariel up on a rock.)
dialog: Eric: Max . . . Max - Quiet Max! What's gotten into you fella? (Sees Ariel.)
dialog: Oh . . . Oh, I see. Are you O.K., miss? I'm sorry if this knucklehead
dialog: scared you. He's harmless, really - . . . you . . . seem very familiar . . .
dialog: to me. Have we met? We have met? I knew it! You're the one - the one I've
dialog: been looking for! What's your name? (Ariel mouths "Ariel" but no words come
dialog: out.) What's wrong? What is it? You can't speak? (Ariel shakes her head.)
dialog: Oh. Then you couldn't be who I thought. (Ariel and Max look frustrated. She
dialog: tries pantomime.) What is it? You're hurt? No, No . . . You need help.
dialog: (She falls into him.) Whoa, whoa, careful - careful - easy. Gee, you must
dialog: have really been through something. Don't worry, I'll help you. Come on . . .
dialog: Come on, you'll be okay.
dialog: (Fade to Ariel in bath playing with bubbles.)
dialog: Carlotta: Washed up from a shipwreck. Oh, the poor thing. We'll have you
dialog: feeling better in no time. [Picks up Ariel's "dress"] I'll just - I'll just
dialog: get this washed for you.
dialog: (Cut to Sebastion in dress getting washed.)
dialog: Woman 1: Well you must have at least heard about this girl.
dialog: Woman 2: Well, Gretchen says . . . (Sebastion is dunked.) . . . since when has
dialog: Gretchen got anything right. I mean really, this girl shows up in rags and
dialog: doesn't speak-
dialog: Sebastion: Madame, please ! . . .
dialog: Woman 2: . . . not my idea of a princess. If Eric's looking for a girl, I know
dialog: a couple of highly available ones right here . . . (Sebastion dives into
text: kitchen and sees various fish cooking. He faints.)
dialog: (Cut to castle dining room.)
dialog: Grimsby: Oh, Eric, be reasonable. Nice young ladies just don't - swim around
text: rescuing people in the middle of the ocean and then - flutter off into
dialog: oblivion, like some -
dialog: Eric: I'm tellin' you, Grim, she was REAL! I'm gonna find that girl - and I'm
dialog: gonna marry her.
dialog: Carlotta: Ha Ha. Come on honey. Don't be shy. (Ariel enteres in a beautiful
dialog: dress.)
dialog: Grimsby: Oh, Eric, isn't she a vision?
dialog: Eric: You look - wonderful.
dialog: Grimsby: Come come come, you must be famished. Let me help you my dear. There
dialog: we go - ah - quite comfy? Uh. It's - It's not ofen that we have such a lovely
text: dinner guest, eh Eric? (Ariel starts combing hair with a fork. They look
text: dumbfounded and she is embarrased. She sees pipe and brightens.) Uh, do you
text: like it? It is rather - fine . . . (She blows its contents into his face.
dialog: Eric laughs.)
dialog: Carlotta: Oh, my!
dialog: Eric: Ahem, so sorry Grim.
dialog: Carlotta: Why, Eric, that's the first time I've seen you smile in weeks.
dialog: Grimsby: (Wiping his face.) Oh, very amusing. Carlotta, my dear, what's for
dialog: dinner?
dialog: Carlotta: Oooh, you're gonna love it. Chef's been fixing his specialty,
dialog: stuffed crab.
text: (Cut to Sebastion watching Louis cook. He is humming to himself.)
dialog: Louis:
dialog: Les poissons
dialog: Les poissons
dialog: How I love les poissons
dialog: Love to chop
dialog: And to serve little fish
dialog: First I cut off their heads
dialog: Then I pull out the bones
dialog: Ah mais oui
dialog: Ca c'est toujours delish
dialog: Les poissons
dialog: Les poissons
dialog: Hee hee hee
dialog: Hah hah hah
dialog: With the cleaver I hack them in two
dialog: I pull out what's inside
dialog: And I serve it up fried
dialog: God, I love little fishes
dialog: Don't you?
dialog: Here's something for tempting the palate
dialog: Prepared in the classic technique
dialog: First you pound the fish flat with a mallet
dialog: Then you slash through the skin
dialog: Give the belly a slice
dialog: Then you rub some salt in
dialog: 'Cause that makes it taste nice
dialog: Zut alors, I have missed one!
dialog: Sacre bleu
dialog: What is this?
dialog: How on earth could I miss
dialog: Such a sweet little succulent crab?
dialog: Quel dommage
dialog: What a loss
dialog: Here we go in the sauce
dialog: Now some flour, I think
dialog: Just a dab
dialog: Now I stuff you with bread
dialog: It don't hurt 'cause you're dead
dialog: And you're certainly lucky you are
dialog: 'Cause it's gonna be hot
dialog: In my big silver pot
dialog: Toodle loo mon poisson
dialog: Au revoir!
text: (Sebastion hops back and Louis grabs him again.) What is this? (Sebastion
text: pinches his nose and a battle ensues. Louis knocks over a large cabinet.)
dialog: (Cut to dining room. Huge crash is heard.)
dialog: Carlotta: I think I'd better go see what Louis is up to.
text: (Back to kitchen. Louis is trashing the place.)
dialog: Louis: Come out you little pipsqueak and fight like a man!
dialog: Carlotta: Louis! What are you doing?
dialog: Louis: Well - I - I was just - er, er, I'm sorry, madame.
dialog: (Cut back to dining room.)
dialog: Grimsby: You know, Eric, perhaps our young guest might enjoy seeing some of the
dialog: sights of the kingdom. Something in the way of a tour?
dialog: Eric: I'm sorry, Grim, what was that?
dialog: Grimsby: You can't spend all your time moping about, you need to get out. Do
text: something, have a life. (Grimsby lifts his plate's cover to reveal Sebastian
dialog: cowering in the salad.) Get your mind off -
text: Eric: Easy, Grim, Easy. (Ariel lifts her own plate cover and signals for
text: Sebastian to hide there. Sebastian rushes across while no one is looking.)
dialog: It's not a bad idea. If she's interested. Well - whaddaya say? Would you
dialog: like to join me on a tour of my kingdom tomorrow?
text: (Ariel nods vigorously, leaning heavily on her plate's cover.)
dialog: Grimsby: Wonderful, now let's eat, before this crab wanders off my plate.
dialog: (Fade to Ariel watching Eric and Max from balcony.)
dialog: Eric: Come here boy! . . . Arrr . . . (He sees Ariel and waves. She is emb-
text: arassed and goes back inside.)
dialog: Sebastian: This has got to be, without a doubt, the single most humiliating day
dialog: of my life. I hope you appreciate what I go through for you, young lady.
dialog: Now - we got to make a plan to get that boy to kiss you. Tomorrow, when he
dialog: takes you for that ride, you gotta look your best. You gotta bat your eyes -
dialog: like this. You gotta pucker up your lips - like this. (He sees she is
dialog: asleep.) Hm. You are hopeless child. You know dat? Completely hopeless . . .
text: (Fade to undersea palace. Seahorse swims up to Triton.)
dialog: Triton: Any sign of them?
dialog: Seahorse: No, Your Majesty. We've searched everywhere. We've found no trace
dialog: of your daughter - or Sebastian.
dialog: Triton: Well, keep looking. Leave no shell unturned, no coral unexplored. Let
dialog: no one in this kingdom sleep until she's safe at home.
dialog: Seahorse: Yes sire. (He leaves.)
dialog: Triton: Oh, what have I done? What have I done?
text: (Morning at castle. Ariel and Eric leave for their tour. Ariel is amazed
dialog: by everything.)
dialog: Flounder: (As they pass water.) Has he kissed her yet?
dialog: Sebastion: Not yet.
dialog: Flounder: Ohh . . . (Ariel and Eric go dancing and see the town.)
dialog: Scuttle: Yo, Flounder! Any kissing?
dialog: Flounder: No, not yet.
dialog: Scuttle: Hmm. Well they - they better get crackin'. (They leave town and Ariel
text: drives, almost crashing. They end up rowing on a still lagoon in the even-
dialog: ing.)
dialog: Flounder: Move over - move your big feathers. I can't see a thing.
dialog: Scuttle: Nothing is happening. . . . Only one day left, and that boy ain't
dialog: puckered up once. O.K. All right, this calls for a little vocal romantic
text: stimulation. Stand back. (He flies over and sings very badly.)
dialog: Eric: Wow. Somebody should find that poor animal and put it out of its misery.
dialog: Sebastian: Jeez, man, I'm surrounded by amateurs! You want something done,
dialog: you've got to do it yourself. First, we got to create the mood.
dialog: Percussion. . . . Strings. . . . Winds. . . . Words. . . .
dialog: There you see her
dialog: Sitting there across the way
dialog: She don't got a lot to say
dialog: But there's something about her
dialog: And you don't know why
dialog: But you're dying to try
dialog: You wanna kiss the girl
dialog: Eric: Did you hear something?
dialog: Sebastion:
dialog: Yes, you want her
dialog: Look at her, you know you do
dialog: Possible she wants you too
dialog: There is one way to ask her
dialog: It don't take a word
dialog: Not a single word
dialog: Go on and kiss the girl
dialog: Sha la la la la la
dialog: My oh my
dialog: Look like the boy too shy
dialog: Ain't gonna kiss the girl
dialog: Sha la la la la la
dialog: Ain't that sad?
dialog: Ain't it a shame?
dialog: Too bad, he gonna miss the girl
dialog: Eric: You know, I feel really bad not knowing your name. Heh - maybe I could
dialog: guess. Is it, err, Mildred? O.K., no. How 'bout - Diana? Rachel?
dialog: Sebastian: Ariel. Her name is Ariel.
dialog: Eric: Ariel? Ariel? Well, that's kinda pretty. O.K. - Ariel. . .
dialog: Sebastion:
dialog: Now's your moment
text: Floating in a blue lagoon
dialog: Boy you better do it soon
dialog: No time will be better
dialog: She don't say a word
dialog: And she won't say a word
dialog: Until you kiss the girl
dialog: Sha la la la la la
dialog: Don't be scared
dialog: You got the mood prepared
dialog: Go on and kiss the girl
dialog: Sha la la la la la
dialog: Don't stop now
dialog: Don't try to hide it how
dialog: You want to kiss the girl
dialog: Sha la la la la la
dialog: Float along
dialog: And listen to the song
dialog: The song say kiss the girl
dialog: Sha la la la la
dialog: The music play
dialog: Do what the music say
dialog: You got to kiss the girl
dialog: You've got to kiss the girl
dialog: You wanna kiss the girl
dialog: You've gotta kiss the girl
dialog: Go on and kiss the girl
dialog: (The boat tips over.)
dialog: Eric: Whoa, hang on - I've gottcha. (Flotsam and Jetsam congradulate each
dialog: other.)
dialog: (Cut to Ursula's cavern.)
dialog: Ursula: Nice work, boys. That was a close one. Too close. The little tramp!
dialog: Oh, she's better than I thought. At this rate, he'll be kissing her by
dialog: sunset for sure. Well, it's time Ursula took matters into her own tentacles!
dialog: Triton's daughter will be mine - and then I'll make him writhe. I'll see him
text: wriggle like a worm on a hook! (Laughing, she transforms into a human with
dialog: Ariel's voice.)
text: (Fade to castle at night. Eric is playing the flute and contemplating as
dialog: Grimsby approaches.)
dialog: Grimsby: Eric, if I may say, far better than any dream girl, is one of flesh
dialog: and blood, one warm and caring, and right before your eyes. (He sees Ariel,
text: sighs, and tosses away flute. He is distracted by Ursula/Vanessa singing with
text: Ariel's voice and is placed under her spell.)
dialog: (Scuttle flying toward castle in morning.)
dialog: Scuttle: Ariel! Ariel, wake up! Wake up! I just heard the news. Congratula-
dialog: tions, kiddo, we did it!
dialog: Sebastian: What is this idiot babbling about?
dialog: Scuttle: Right - as if you two didn't know, uh? The whole town's buzzin' about
dialog: the prince gettin' himself hitched this afternoon! You know, he's getting
dialog: married! You silly sidewalker! I just wanted to wish you luck. I'll catch
dialog: you later, I wouldn't miss it! (Ariel brightens and runs downstairs, only to
dialog: see Eric and Vanessa together.)
dialog: Grimsby: Well, uh - err, Eric. I-it appears that I was mistaken. This mystery
dialog: maiden of yours does - in fact exist. And - and she is lovely. Congratula-
dialog: tions, my dear.
dialog: Eric: We wish to be married as soon as possible.
dialog: Grimsby: Oh, yes - of course, Eric, but, er - but these things do take time,
dialog: you know. . . .
text: Eric: This afternoon, Grimsby. The wedding ship departs at sunset.
dialog: Grimsby: Oh, oh - very well, Eric - as you wish. (Ariel runs off crying.)
text: (Cut to late afternoon as wedding ship starts to leave. Ariel on pier
text: crying bitterly as Sebastion and Flounder look on.)
text: (Cut to Scuttle flying and humming to himself.)
dialog: Vanessa: What a lovely little bride I'll make, my dear I'll look divine
dialog: Things are working out according to my ultimate design
dialog: Soon I'll have that little mermaid and the ocean will be mine!
dialog: Scuttle: (Seeing real Ursula in mirror.) The sea witch! Oh no . . . She's-
dialog: I gotta. . . (Runs into side of ship. Flies off to find Ariel.) Ariel!
dialog: Ariel! Ariel. I was flying, I wa - of course I was flying - An' - I s- I
dialog: saw that the watch - the witch was watchin' a mirror, and she was singin'
dialog: with a stolen set o' pipes! Do you hear what I'm tellin' you? THE PRINCE
text: IS MARRYING THE SEA WITCH IN DISGUISE!
dialog: Sebastian: Are you sure about this?
dialog: Scuttle: Have I ever been wrong? I mean when it's important!
text: Flounder: What are we gonna do!? (Ariel hears Ursula's voice in her head as the
dialog: sun drops.)
dialog: Ursula: . . . Before the sun sets on the third day. . . . (Ariel jumps in water
text: but can't swim well. Sebastion sends down some barrels.)
dialog: Sebastion: Ariel, grab on to that. Flounder, get her to that boat as fast as
dialog: your fins can carry you!
dialog: Flounder: I'll try.
dialog: Sebastian: I've gotta get to the sea king. He must know about this.
dialog: Scuttle: What - What about me? What about ME?
dialog: Sebastian: You - find a way to STALL THAT WEDDING!
dialog: Scuttle: Stall the wedding. Wh- what am I - what - that's it! (He flies off to
dialog: rally the animals and fish.) Move it, let's go, we got an emergency here!
text: (Cut to wedding in progress. Max growls at Vanessa but she kicks him.)
text: Priest: Dearly beloved . . . (Flounder is pulling Ariel toward ship.)
dialog: Flounder: Don't worry Ariel. ugh - we - we're gonna make it. We're almost
dialog: there.
dialog: Priest: Yes, um, do you Eric, take Vanessa, to be your lawfully wedded wife,
dialog: for as long as you both shall live?
dialog: Eric: (Under spell.) I do.
dialog: Priest: Eh, and do you . . . (Birds and animals swoop in for attack, causing
dialog: great chaos.) . . . then by the power inves-
dialog: Vanessa: Get away from me you slimy little- Oh, why you little- (In the
text: struggle, the shell holding Ariel's voice it broken and it goes back to her.
text: Eric comes out of the spell as she sings.)
dialog: Eric: Ariel?
dialog: Ariel: Eric.
dialog: Eric: You - you can talk. You're the one.
dialog: Vanessa: Eric, get away from her!
dialog: Eric: It - it was you all the time.
dialog: Ariel: Oh, Eric, I - I wanted to tell you.
dialog: Vanessa: ERIC NO! (The sun sets and Ariel becomes a mermaid.)
dialog: Ursula: You're too late! You're too late! So long, loverboy.
dialog: Eric: Ariel! (Ursula and Ariel go overboard.)
dialog: Ursula: Poor little princess - it's not you I'm after. I've a much bigger fish
dialog: to -
dialog: Triton: Ursula, stop!
dialog: Ursula: Why, King Triton! Ha ha ha - How ARE you?
dialog: Triton: Let her go.
dialog: Ursula: Not a chance, Triton! She's mine now. We made a deal.
dialog: Ariel: Daddy, I'm sorry! I - I - I didn't mean to. I didn't know -
text: (Triton attacks the contract with a fierce blast from his trident, to no
dialog: avail.)
dialog: Ursula: You see? The contract's legal, binding and completely unbreakable -
dialog: even for YOU. Of course, I always was a girl with an eye for a bargain.
dialog: The daughter of the great sea king is a very precious commodity. But - I
dialog: might be willing to make an exchange for someone even better. . . .
dialog: (Cut to Eric rowing away from ship.)
dialog: Grimsby: Eric! What are you doing?
dialog: Eric: Grim, I lost her once. I'm not going to lose her again.
dialog: (Back to Ursula and Triton.)
dialog: Ursula: Now! Do we have a deal? (Triton signs contract.) Ha! It's done then.
text: (Ariel is released and Triton is withered as Ursula laughs.)
dialog: Ariel: No . . . Oh, No!
dialog: Sebastion: Oh, your majesty . . .
dialog: Ariel: Daddy? . . .
dialog: Ursula: (Picks up crown.) At last, it's mine. Ho, Ho . . .
dialog: Ariel: You - You monster!
dialog: Ursula: Don't fool with me you little brat! Contract or no- AAAAHH! (She is hit
dialog: with a harpoon thrown by Eric.) Why you little troll!
dialog: Ariel: Eric! Eric look out!
text: Ursula: After him! (Flotsam and Jetsam attack.)
dialog: Sebastion: Come on! . . .
dialog: Ursula: Say goodbye to your sweetheart. (Ariel makes her miss Eric and blast
dialog: Flotsam and Jetsam.) Babies! My poor, little poopsies!
dialog: (On surface as Ursula grows beneath.)
dialog: Ariel: Eric, you've got to get away from here.
dialog: Eric: No, I won't leave you.
dialog: Ursula: (Now very large.) You pitiful, insignificant, fool!
dialog: Eric: Look out!
dialog: Ursula: Now I am the ruler of all the ocean! The waves obey my every whim!
dialog: The sea and all its spoils bow to my power! (She wrecks havoc, creates a
text: whirlpool and raises some shipwrecks.)
text: Ariel: ERIC! (He gets on board one of the ships as Ariel falls to the bottom
text: of the whirlpool. Ursula attempts to blast her.)
dialog: Ursula: (Laughing wickedly.) So much for true love! (As Ursula is about to
text: finish Ariel, Eric steers the ship into her. She is impaled and dies most
text: horribly. Eric collapses on the shore. The trident falls back to Triton and
dialog: everything reverts to normal.)
text: (Fade to morning with Eric on beach and Ariel watching from a distance.
dialog: Triton and Sebastion look on.)
dialog: Triton: She really does love him, doesn't she, Sebastian?
dialog: Sebastian: Well, it's like I always say, Your Majesty. Children got to be free
dialog: to lead their own lives.
dialog: Triton: You - always say that? (sighs) Then I guess there's just one problem
dialog: left.
dialog: Sebastian: And what's that, Your Majesty?
dialog: Triton: How much I'm going to miss her. (He turns her into a human and she goes
text: to meet Eric. They kiss which fades into kiss on wedding day. Everyone is
text: happy. Sebastion is attacked by Louis. He beats Louis up and returns to the
dialog: sea.)
dialog: Sebastion: Yes, Thank you, thank you. (Ariel and Triton hug.)
dialog: Ariel: I love you Daddy.
text: (Big finale while "Part of Your World" music plays. Ship sails off as
dialog: Ariel and Eric kiss.)
dialog: All: Now we can walk,
dialog: Now we can run,
dialog: Now we can stay all day in the sun.
dialog: Just you and me,
dialog: And I can be,
dialog: Part of your world.
speaker_heading: THE END
scene_heading: ---------------------------------------------------------------
dialog: 
