speaker_heading: THE INTERPRETER
dialog: by
dialog: Charles Randolph
dialog: June 2nd, 2003
text: The action occurs largely within the three primary buildings of
dialog: the United Nations Plaza in New York City: the General Assembly
text: Building with the famous Hall and two lobbies (one for the Public
text: and one for Delegates); the more sedate Conference Building with
text: its three Council Chambers and Delegates Lounge; and the towering
text: Secretariat with offices and a deco employee lobby.
text: The interiors of these buildings remain pristine examples of high
dialog: modernism. Think Cary Grant - the aging, Technicolor Cary Grant -
text: wearing a great three-button suit and smoking in an Eames chair as
text: Hitchcock wanders past behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. AFRICAN VILLAGE (REPUBLIC OF MATOBO) - DAY
text: In a heavy dust storm, two dirt roads meet at an abandoned
text: junction. Four old tires lay half-buried in the middle, the
text: vague suggestion of a roundabout. Telephone wires dance
text: angrily above. Corrugated tin roofs rattle in the distance.
text: Reaching over the far road - not thirty feet away but barely
text: visible in the storm - is an old wooden arch. Its long-faded
text: slogan reads, “PRAISE AND WELCOME EDMOND ZUWANIE”.
text: A Land Rover emerges from the dirt fog behind it.
scene_heading: INT. LAND ROVER
text: A BOOKISH AFRICAN MAN (48) drives. His YOUNG WHITE COLLEAGUE
text: (32) writes in a notebook. In the backseat, we see a camera
dialog: and numerous books.
text: They speak loud over the wind and jostle.
scene_heading: YOUNG WHITE COLLEAGUE
dialog: She wouldn’t tell me her husband’s
dialog: name, wouldn’t even write it.
speaker_heading: BOOKISH MAN
dialog: The names of the dead are bad luck.
text: The White Colleague tosses his notebook in the back seat.
scene_heading: YOUNG WHITE COLLEAGUE
dialog: Zuwanie’s murdered half the town -
dialog: how could their luck get any worse?
speaker_heading: BOOKISH MAN
dialog: He could murder the other half.
text: The ride a moment in rough silence. They pass a man with
text: trachoma gauze patches over his eyes - bright white squares
text: on dark skin - feeling his way against the wind and sand.
scene_heading: EXT. MATOBEAN BUSHVELD
text: The Land Rover comes to a stop. The Bookish Man and his White
text: Colleague climb out; the latter puts a camera and a pistol in
text: a backpack.
text: We follow them through the dirt squall until a massive shape
text: starts to emerge in front of them: a concrete soccer stadium.
scene_heading: EXT. SOCCER STADIUM INFIELD
text: The air inside is hazy but oddly clear. The turf turned to
text: scrub long ago, a lone marula tree grows at one end.
text: As the Bookish Man and his White Colleague look around, they
text: see TWO TEN-YEAR-OLD BOYS near a rusted goal. The boys stop
text: kicking a ball made of taped newspaper to stare.
scene_heading: YOUNG WHITE COLLEAGUE
dialog: Sawubona!
speaker_heading: BOY ONE
dialog: Yebo!
scene_heading: YOUNG WHITE COLLEAGUE
dialog: They’ re Ku.
text: A beat. The men scan the stadium. Bullet holes in concrete
text: slab seating. Seventies-era advertising boards.
speaker_heading: BOY ONE
dialog: Elami igama ngingu ndube?
speaker_heading: BOOKISH MAN
dialog: What did he say?
scene_heading: YOUNG WHITE COLLEAGUE
dialog: He wants to know if we came to look
text: at the bodies.
text: The men exchange a look.
scene_heading: INT. SOCCER STADIUM TUNNEL
text: The infield light recedes as the Boys lead the men to a door.
text: The Bookish Man yanks it open to a wave of putrefaction. They
text: cover their noses, wave the Boys away.
scene_heading: INT. SOCCER STADIUM STORAGE ROOM
text: Dark. As their eyes adjust, the men can see twenty corpses on
text: the floor. Most have shirts thrown over their faces.
scene_heading: YOUNG WHITE COLLEAGUE
dialog: They’ re not villagers.
text: Wordlessly, they check faces. The White Colleague takes
text: pictures. Most of the dead are villagers, but beneath a suit
text: coat, the Bookish Man finds a handsome young man wearing a
text: white shirt and tie.
speaker_heading: BOOKISH MAN
dialog: Mother of God...
scene_heading: YOUNG WHITE COLLEAGUE
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: BOOKISH MAN
dialog: It’s Kuman-Kuman.
text: The two men share a look of disbelief. The White Colleague
text: takes a picture.
speaker_heading: BOY TWO (O.S.)
dialog: Amadoda!
speaker_heading: WHITE COLLEAUGE
dialog: Someone’s coming.
scene_heading: INT. SOCCER STADIUM TUNNEL
text: They men run for the portal. In silhouette, Boy Two points
text: across the field. The White Colleague throws the camera in
text: his backpack as he runs, struggles to get the pistol out.
scene_heading: INT. SOCCER STADIUM INFIELD
text: The White Colleague runs into the bright haze. It takes a few
text: seconds for his eyes to readjust, to see that the infield is
text: in fact empty. The Bookish Man comes up beside him.
text: As they stand breathing heavily, A SHOT EXPLODES out of the
text: Bookish Man’s chest. His White Colleague spins to see Boy One
text: holding a gun on him, ready, hesitating. The White Colleague
text: aims, but can’t bring himself to fire on the kid.
text: A long tense beat.
speaker_heading: BOY TWO
dialog: Lamhla!
text: A BULLET RIPS into the White Colleague’s abdomen and out his
text: back. He falls to his knees. Boy One grabs his backpack. And
text: they run, hard, scared. He whispers after them...
scene_heading: YOUNG WHITE COLLEAGUE
dialog: It’s okay. It’s okay.
scene_heading: EXT. SOCCER STADIUM
text: The Two Boys sit on the Land Rover’s hood as a late-model SUV
text: creeps out of the windstorm. The tinted passenger window goes
text: down. Boy One hands the pistol and backpack to a MATOBEAN
text: DRIVER - he pays the kids with four old American comic books.
text: Delighted, the Boys run off, chanting...
scene_heading: BOY ONE & BOY TWO
dialog: Archa! Archa! Archa!
text: Beneath the chant, we hear a cacophony of languages: Chinese,
dialog: Arabic, Russian, Spanish, French, English. (A bed of the six
dialog: official languages of the United Nations.) The Boys disappear
text: into whirling sand as the cacophony grows louder.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT. UNITED NATIONS GENERAL ASSEMBLY HALL - DAY
text: Enormous. Grand. Crowded. The Peruvian PM is at the podium.
text: DELEGATES FROM AROUND THE WORLD - six for each nation - sit
text: at green tables with thin black microphones. Everyone wears
text: white earpieces. Some read. Others whisper.
text: We move up over a row of media booths, to a window onto the
text: Chinese Interpreters’s booth. We move down the row of booths
dialog: for Arabic, Russian, Spanish and French. (Chinese and Arabic
text: have two Interpreters working; Russian, Spanish and French
text: have only one. In all booths, an extra Interpreter waits in
dialog: the background.)
text: We move onto the English Booth. SILVIA BROOME (30) works at
text: the mic as a Colleague reads a magazine behind her. Silvia’s
dialog: bookish yet worldly, the sort of woman who has been fantasy
text: fodder in many a library cubicle.
scene_heading: INT. UNITED NATIONS SECURITY TENT (NORTH GATE)
text: A UN COP closely watches Tourists coming through one of four
text: metal detectors. Something isn’t right. He stops the flow and
text: holds his watch into the machine. It doesn’t beep.
text: His expression tells us the day is about to get complicated.
scene_heading: INT. UNITED NATIONS SECURITY COUNCIL
text: The Council is in closed session. Fifteen Ambassadors and the
text: Secretary-General sit at the famous circular table, backed by
text: numerous Advisors. Stenographers sit at a long table in the
text: middle. Translators can be seen in elevated booths.
text: As the French Ambassador reads a speech, we hear a...
speaker_heading: MALE INTERPRETER (0.S.)
text: With Kuman-Kuman in hiding, Edmond
dialog: Zuwanie has few domestic obstacles
dialog: to his program of ethnic cleansing.
text: The patrician AMERICAN AMBASSADOR (61) checks her watch and
text: nods to a YUPPIE ADVISOR (33) sitting behind her. He stands.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY BETWEEN CONFERENCE AND GA BUILDINGS
text: A wide glass-enclosed hallway. The SECRETARIAT RISES outside.
text: UN Police Chief, LEE WU (54), leads a handful of uniformed UN
text: Cops. Though he looks a bit like a Hong Kong watch salesman,
text: Wu’s accent and attitude are lower-middle-class Brooklyn. He
text: is briefed by Irish Assistant Chief, RORY ROBB (37).
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: Who’s inside?
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: The Peruvian Prime Minister began
text: addressing the GA ten minutes ago.
dialog: The Security Council just ended an
text: emergency session on Matobo.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: How’s our coverage on the Prime
dialog: Minister?
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: He came in with one Secret Service
dialog: agent and one of his own men. We
text: have four men on him, six uniforms
text: in the Hall and six on the doors.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL ASSEMBLY HALL
text: Through the glass onto the English booth: while Silvia works
text: at the mic, the Yuppie Advisor enters behind her.
text: We move down to Prime Minister speaking on the dais. At the
text: marble table above the podium, a UN Cop whispers to a BURLY
text: RUSSIAN (53) in the President’s chair. Irritated, he stands.
scene_heading: INT. GREENROOM (GA BUILDING)
text: Chief Wu and Rory wait in the center of the room.
text: It has a large reception desk and two small anterooms, which
text: are lounges for the Secretary-General and GA President.
text: There are four exit doors: two out to the GA rostrum, one to
text: the Foyer and another to stairs that lead up to the booths. A
text: UN Cop is posted at each exit.
text: The GA President enters from the Hall. His demeanor suggests
text: this is a routine he’s been through too often before.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: Our perimeter has been compromised.
scene_heading: INT. BOOTH ACCESS HALLWAY (GA BUILDING)
text: Silvia and the Yuppie Advisor come out of the English booth.
speaker_heading: YUPPIE ADVISOR
dialog: This is an off-record informal.
text: He moves left toward a staircase but she goes right. She
text: points. to a small. RED. LIGHT..at.the.top.of.the stairs.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Interpreters aren’t allowed in the
text: Greenroom during a security alert.
text: Silvia has a light South African accent, though it’s not
text: discernible while she’s interpreting.
text: The Yuppie Advisor joins her. They walk past the doors open
text: onto other booths; we hear various Interpreters working.
speaker_heading: YUPPIE ADVISOR
dialog: (re: the informal)
dialog: It’s with the Matoboeans, so I’ve
dialog: been asked to remind you of your
dialog: professional oath of silence. Which
dialog: we realize is offensive. So I’ve
dialog: also been asked to apologize.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL ASSEMBLY HALL
text: Silvia and the Yuppie Advisor come out of a guarded opening
text: at the back. They move toward the front along the left wall
text: beneath booths for technicians and transcribers.
text: The cross on an aisle that intersects the Hall. They walk
text: quickly behind desks for Monaco, Mexico, Matobo, Mauritius.
text: They move down the Hall’s right wall and behind a press box.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL ASSEMBLY FOYER
text: Silvia and the Yuppie Advisor come out of the GA Hall between
text: Two UN Guards. Two THAI WOMEN greet Silvia as they pass...
speaker_heading: THAI WOMEN
dialog: Sawaddee.
text: Two UN Cops hurry around them. The Advisor checks his watch.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY BETWEEN GA AND CONFERENCE BUILDINGS
text: Silvia and the Advisor move through a BUSTLE of International
text: Types: a Samoan who wears a skirt with dress shoes and tie, a
text: few Arabs, a RUMPLED AUSTRIAN hurrying past, tying his tie.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Faulpeltz.
speaker_heading: RUMPLED AUSTRIAN
dialog: Beifgtirn.
text: The Advisor checks his watch again.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: What exactly is going on?
speaker_heading: YUPPIE ADVISOR
dialog: Pardon?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: You seem nervous.
dialog: (smiling at someone)
dialog: What sort of unilateralist cabal am
dialog: I walking into here?
text: They pass UN Cops escorting a Korean Tour Group to the exit.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE BUILDING HALLWAY
text: Along one wall are doors onto halls for the three councils:
text: Trustee, Social & Economic, Security. The other wall is plate
text: glass with conversation alcoves and a VIEW OF MIDTOWN.
text: Diplomats scuttle importantly around Silvia and the Advisor.
text: They come to break in the crowd and he lowers his voice...
speaker_heading: YUPPIE ADVISOR
dialog: The French want Zuwanie tried at
dialog: the International Criminal Court.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Matobo is not a Rome signatory.
speaker_heading: YUPPIE ADVISOR
dialog: They’re moving a resolution to have
dialog: the Council refer him.
dialog: This is big news.
text: They pass press conference area and arrive at two massive
text: wooden doors with Four Guards. He enters. She looks up to
text: letters on the wall: “Security Council/Conseil De Securite.”
text: Silvia takes a deep breath, and follows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL ASSEMBLY HALL - DAY
text: Applause. The speech is over. A Samoan wearing a tie with his
text: skirt is barred from exiting into the Foyer by three UN Cops.
speaker_heading: UN COP
dialog: We’re on a security alert. It’ll
dialog: just be few minutes.
text: He points to the back of the Hall.
speaker_heading: UN COP
dialog: Or you can use the public lobby.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY COUNCIL (CONFERENCE BUILDING) - DAY
text: It’s now empty. Four Americans wait near the table. Silvia
text: stands behind and to the right of the American Ambassador.
text: The MATOBEAN AMBASSADOR (55) enters with two underlings and
text: an aura of haughty indifference. The American Ambassador wait
text: until he’s close enough to speak in hushed if angry tones.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN AMBASSADOR
dialog: I do not want to choose between an
text: illegitimate court and a murderous
dialog: dictator.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Mombe doro chingwa bhat huku mazai
dialog: bhat michero sadza.
speaker_heading: MATOBEAN AMBASSADOR
dialog: Gudo nyati imbwa nzou.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Then you’1l have to abstain.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN AMBASSADOR
dialog: Don’t think we won’t.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Piri tatu ina shanu.
text: The Matobean grins like a man tolerating a child. He says in
dialog: perfect English...
speaker_heading: MATOBEAN AMBASSADOR
dialog: And finally admit your arrogance is
dialog: making you impotent?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DELEGATE’S LOBBY (GA BULDING}) ~ DAY
text: Empty except for UN Cops. One says into his walkie-talkie...
speaker_heading: UN COP IN LOBBY
dialog: Clear.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY BETWEEN CONFERENCE AND GA BUILDINGS
text: Empty except for UN Cops. One says into his walkie-talkie...
scene_heading: UN COP IN HALLWAY
dialog: Clear.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL ASSEMBLY FOYER
text: Empty except for UN Cops. One says into his walkie-talkie...
scene_heading: UN COP IN FOYER
dialog: Clear.
scene_heading: INT. GREENROOM (GA BUILDING)
text: Four Cops in Suits stand around the Peruvian Prime Minister.
text: Two more guard the doors onto the GA.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: Shall we?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY COUNCIL (CONFERENCE BUILDING) - DAY
text: The Diplomats and Silvia cluster as before.
speaker_heading: MATOBEAN AMBASSADOR
dialog: What do you want, Ambassador?
speaker_heading: AMERICAN AMBASSADOR
dialog: We want Zuwanie gone. In exile.
dialog: Retired. Out. We don’t much care
dialog: where or how. If he goes, we are
dialog: confident the resolution will be
text: vetoed. No one is anxious to send
dialog: troops into Africa. Not now
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: MATOBEAN AMBASSADOR
dialog: Perhaps you can tell him yourself.
text: Silence. Stares.
scene_heading: INT. DELEGATE’S LOBBY (GA BULDING)
text: The Four Suits hurry the Prime Minister through the lobby.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY COUNCIL (CONFERENCE BUILDING)
text: The Diplomats and Silvia as before.
speaker_heading: MATOBEAN AMBASSADOR
dialog: President Zuwanie will exercise his
dialog: right to speak before the General
dialog: Assembly. Monday the 17th. Three
dialog: hours before the vote to refer him.
dialog: I’m told he will use the occasion
dialog: to announce a program of democratic
dialog: reforms. UN mandatory access
dialog: notification will be sent this
dialog: afternoon. Good-day.
text: The Matobean turns and walks. The Americans are dumbfounded.
scene_heading: EXT. DELEGATE’S LOBBY (GA BUILDING)
text: The Four Suits hurry the Prime Minister into a waiting limo.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY COUNCIL (CONFERENCE BUILDING)
text: The door closes behind the Africans. The Americans exchange
text: an unhappy look. The Ambassador leads them toward the exit.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN AMBASSADOR
dialog: Thank you, Ms. Broome.
scene_heading: EXT. DELEGATE’S LOBBY (GA BULDING)
text: Chief Wu and Rory watch as the Prime Minister’s motorcade
text: drives out the UN gates. Rory says into his walkie-talkie...
speaker_heading: RORY
text: Protectee is off territory.
text: Satisfied, Chief Wu turns back into his building.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY COUNCIL (CONFERENCE BUILDING)
text: Silvia is left alone and extremely puzzled.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: CREDIT SEQUENCE.
text: A MONTAGE of a DAY IN THE LIFE OF AN UN INTERPRETER.
text: Silvia jogs along the Hudson while repeating words from a
text: language tape. She browses through five different newspapers
text: on the subway. She interprets in the Security Council. Orders
text: lunch in Japanese. Helps a Colleague in the GA. Practices the
text: bassoon..in.the..basement... Takes..a..meeting..in. the.Delegate’s.
text: Lounge. Goes on a Dinner Date with an Indian Diplomat.
text: The montage ends with...
scene_heading: EXT. UN PLAZA
text: Silvia goes through South Gate.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL ASSEMBLY HALL
text: Empty. A few lights over the podium illuminate only half the
text: Hall. The abandoned desks stretch up into eerie darkness.
text: We see the Sound Booth window from below. The door opens from
text: the access hallway. Silvia’s silhouette enters the booth.
scene_heading: INT. SOUND BOOTH (GA BUILDING)
text: Silvia stands in the dark by a large control panel. Barely
text: audible FRENCH comes from the engineer’s headphones. She
text: considers them a moment, peers into the dark Hall below.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL ASSEMBLY HALL
text: From the dark comes low, urgent, incomprehensible French.
scene_heading: INT. SOUND BOOTH (GA BUILDING)
text: Silvia flips the light switch and moves back to the board.
text: The light’s an old fluorescent tube that takes awhile. It
text: flickers and hums.
text: The voice on the headphones has a southern African accent
text: (these are the only lines in the movie with subtitles)...
speaker_heading: HEADPHONE VOICE
dialog: Ne t’inquietes pas.
dialog: (subtitle)
dialog: Don’t worry.
text: CLOSE on a headphone earpiece.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: HEADPHONE VOICE
dialog: Edmond Zuwanie va mourir dans cette
dialog: chambre meme.
dialog: (subtitle)
dialog: Edmond Zuwanie will die in this
dialog: room.
text: Silvia spins to the headphones
text: The booth is suddenly flooded with light. She starts, looks
text: up to see her own reflection in the glass.
text: She stares back at the headphones: they’re now quiet. Whoever
text: was speaking has seen her and stopped talking.
text: She quickly slaps the light switch off.
text: Dark. Silvia waits.
scene_heading: INT. BOOTH ACCESS HALLWAY (GA BUILDING)
text: Silvia comes out of her booth. Listens. A door can be heard
text: opening down in the Greenroom.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC LOBBY (GA BUILDING)
text: Dead. Dark. Empty. Not one single guard.
text: Silvia quickly comes down the walkway from the GA balcony.
text: The exit doors are chained shut. Her footsteps echo as she
text: hurries across the floor toward the Conference Building.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR (CONFERENCE BUILDING)
text: Breathing heavily, Silvia gets in. She’s on two. She punches
text: the button for three. The elevator moves. DOWN. She hits the
text: three button a few times in fear.
text: She rides and cringes as the doors open onto...
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT HALLWAY (CONFERENCE BUILDING)
text: The elevator doors ding open, spilling light into the dark
text: hallway and forcing Silvia back into a corner.
text: The doors hold open.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR (CONFERENCE BUILDING)
text: Silvia waits, expecting any second for someone to turn the
text: corner. No one does. Finally, the doors close.
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE BUILDING HALLWAY
text: Empty. Silvia gets off the elevator and hurries down the
text: hallway toward the Secretariat.
text: As she moves past the various Councils, her pace increases.
text: It’s not long before she starts to RUN.
scene_heading: INT.....GENERAL..ASSEMBLY..HALL.
text: The Hall is silent. We hold on the dark chamber until...
speaker_heading: RORY’S VOICE
dialog: And you only heard the one man?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RORY’S OFFICE (CONFERENCE BUILDING) ~ FRIDAY MORNING
text: The room is from the early 50’s. Out the windows, the East
text: River flows by a few feet away.
text: Silvia sits pulling on a tissue and giving a report to Rory.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Yes.
text: Rory’s Swedish Assistant runs a video camera.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Whoever he was talking to didn’t
dialog: say anything.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: He only spoke French?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Diplomat French. The accent was
dialog: African.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: What makes you think they saw you?
speaker_heading: SILVIA’S VOICE
text: He stopped talking when the light
dialog: came on.
text: Rory and his Assistant exchange a look.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Am I in danger?
dialog: 14.
text: The Irishman gives her a very unconvincing smile.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL ASSEMBLY HALL - DAY
text: Early. Empty. Two UN INVESTIGATORS sit at a desk in the very
text: center of the Hall.
speaker_heading: RORY (0.S,)
dialog: (via walkie-talkie)
dialog: Sit back as far as possible from
text: the mic. Speak in a normal voice.
text: They lean back in their seats.
scene_heading: INT. SOUND BOOTH (GA BUILDING)
text: Chief Wu looks up at the light fixture. Rory is with him.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: Alright.
text: Rory hits the light switch. The bulb flickers, hums.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: (into a walkie-talkie)
dialog: Now.
text: They watch the engineer’s headphones as an UN Investigator’s
text: stilted voice comes out of them.
speaker_heading: UN INVESTIGATOR (0.S)
dialog: “Don’t worry. Edmond Zuwanie will
dialog: die in this room.”
text: A beat after the sentence is finished, the room is flooded
text: with light. Chief Wu considers the situation, irritated.
text: He takes Rory’s walkie-talkie...
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: Can you see me?
speaker_heading: UN INVESTIGATOR
dialog: Negative.
text: He takes a step toward the mixing board.
speaker_heading: UN INVESTIGATOR
dialog: Now, we can.
dialog: 15.
text: Chief Wu is right beneath the light. He thinks for a moment.
text: He turns to Rory...
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: Alright, get the Secret Service.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SECRET SERVICE NEW YORK FIELD OFFICE. - DAY
text: A large bull pen. Multi-ethnic agents. In contrast to the UN,
text: every thing here is high tech. The cube farm is surrounded by
text: glass offices. Agent TOBIN KELLER (33) comes out of one.
text: Something in Tobin’s manner suggests he’s Midwesterner. His
text: Assistant, SHARI (28), has the desk closest to his office.
text: He’s arguing with a FEMALE LAWYER (30).
speaker_heading: LAWYER
text: He wants to kill the President.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: He wants attention. The question is
dialog: hew far he’1l go to get it.
text: He’s forgotten something. He turns back. Shari stands at her
text: desk holding his gun by two fingers. He takes it.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: He made an actionable threat. And
dialog: he made it twice.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
text: During a talent show at a corporate
text: retreat. He was trying to rap. Bush
text: rhymes with ambush.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Because they’re practically the
dialog: same word.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: I said “trying”. We can’t go after
dialog: the guy for being a honky.
text: They pass the desk of a Male Agent surrounded by huge clear
text: plastic bags of cash.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR IN FEDERAL BUILDING
text: Tobin and the Lawyer ride with a handful of people.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Okay. Perfect world. This case
dialog: landed on somebody else’s desk. You
dialog: can in no way be held accountable
dialog: for his future actions. Would you
dialog: still like to see him prosecuted?
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Iam accountable.
text: An impasse. They ride in silence until...
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Honky’s a good word. Too bad people
dialog: don’t use it any more.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN STREET
text: Tobin and Lawyer come out into a cold winter wind. They are
text: headed in opposite directions.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Can I count on you, Keller?
text: He stops, takes a moment to think.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: You know something, it’s not my
dialog: problem. Prosecute. I don’t care.
dialog: (without malice)
dialog: Just tell what my expert opinion is
dialog: before I have to give it in court.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UPSCALE STRIP CLUB - DAY
text: Loud. It’s eleven in the morning. A few sad suits are playing
text: hooky. The Dancers who work the day shift are not perky.
text: DOT WOODS (38) stands in front of two other Agents. Dot’s
text: accent is from Georgia; her attitude, from Tommy Lee Jones.
text: The Secret Service Agents are behind a group of Polynesian
text: Men as the Prime Minister of Vakiri gets a lap dance. His
text: expression of bemused wonder suggests it’s his first. As the
text: Stripper grinds into him, his middle-aged cronies hoot like
dialog: high school boys.
text: DOT rolls her eyes and takes a step forward.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Excuse me? Please don’t touch him.
dialog: 17.
text: The Stripper ignores her.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Hello? Step away, please. Excuse
dialog: me? Whore Person?
text: She freezes in mid-dance. Dot makes a scoot-back gesture. The
text: Stripper gathers her clothes, yanks a hundred from the Prime
text: Minister’s hand and walks..The Men. share.confused.looks.
text: Dot’s cell phone rings; she smiles at the caller ID.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST AVENUE - DAY
text: Wind. Four Freezing Black Protesters struggle with a banner:
text: DON’T LET ZUWANIE SPEAK!
text: Reverse to reveal the Protesters are in front of...
scene_heading: EXT. UN PLAZA
text: Busy. The row of international flags flap hard.
scene_heading: EXT. PATIO TO PUBLIC LOBBY (NORTH GATE)
text: Tobin and Dot move through a sea of UN Employees scurrying to
text: lunch. UN Cops in thick jackets are everywhere.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: How many people work here, again?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: About half.
text: She smiles at him: it’s old joke, a ritual. They walk in step
text: toward the security tent.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY TENT (NORTH GATE)
text: FIVE UN POLICE OFFICERS work the metal detector. Dot and
text: Tobin go to the counter. Dot slides her gun over, holds up
text: her badge and starts to step through.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Secret Service.
text: The Gate Officer holds out a latex-gloved hand.
speaker_heading: GATE OFFICER
dialog: May I see those, please.
dialog: 18.
dialog: This is new.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: I’m with the Foreign Dignitary
dialog: Protective Service. My colleague's
dialog: the UN liaison with Intel.
text: The Officer just nods. They hand their ID’s over. He types
text: their names into a computer.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: The Secret Service. It’s a branch
dialog: of the United States Government.
text: The Officer peers into his monitor and says flatly...
speaker_heading: GATE OFFICER
dialog: You’re not in the United States.
dialog: (to a Cop by the phone)
dialog: Chief Wu.
dialog: (to Dot)
dialog: This is international territory.
dialog: Once your escort arrives, I’1ll let
dialog: you through. Until then, step back.
text: She doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Dot.
text: Dot steps back, steamed. Tobin leans to her...
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What do you say we turn up the
dialog: estrogen?
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC LOBBY (GA BUILDING)
dialog: Buzz of various languages.
text: A massive SCULPTURE in the shape of Africa and covered with
text: hand-drawn tiles is being installed. Groups of UN Employees
text: comment on it. The original Sputnik and a copy of Foucault’s
text: Pendulum hang from the ceiling.
text: Dot and Tobin are led through the Lobby by Rory as he hands
text: them temporary ID badges on neck chains.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Sorry. Everybody needs an ID these
dialog: day. These are good for seven days.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Zawanie?
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: We’re getting thirty threats a day.
dialog: The Security Council is debating
dialog: whether to bring charges against
dialog: him at the International Criminal
text: Court. He’s coming to save himself.
dialog: A lot of people would like to scare
dialog: him off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHIEF WU’S OFFICE (SECRETARIAT) - DAY
text: It’s up on one of the upper floors with a striking view of
text: Midtown: rolling clouds scrape past the tops of the Empire
dialog: State and Chrysler buildings.
text: Chief Wu looks through papers on his chaotic desk. Rory
text: stands behind him. Tobin and Dot sit across. The office is
text: stuffed with files (each represents a threat).
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: Who’s running your detail?
text: Dot raises her hand.
speaker_heading: DOT
text: Zuwanie lands Monday at 8:45 a.m.
dialog: Waits on the tarmac til we bring
dialog: him to you. He’1ll be at your door
text: at 10:58. State Department says no
dialog: meet-and-greet and no shopping. The
dialog: Mayor’s already been on TV saying
text: he’s not blocking streets.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: (to Rory)
dialog: Where’s the interpreter'’s file?
text: Rory helps Chief Wu search through the files on his desk.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Why do you want us to look into
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: If I carry an investigation off
dialog: territory, I have to inform OSG and
dialog: Secoord, and the OLA.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: And the DPA. And the DGAACS.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: DPA, yes. The ACS folks can KMA.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: But OSG will...
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: Rory.
text: Rory gestures an apology.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Is there a chance the UN will
dialog: cancel the address?
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: That’s up to the GA President. He
dialog: can cancel at any point he deems
dialog: the threat level too high. That’s
dialog: the policy. Politically, he’d be
dialog: hard put to cancel. The UN is its
dialog: member states. One hundred-ninety-
dialog: one of them. All equal.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Except in the Security Council.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: If the Republic of Matobo wants the
dialog: cocksucker to speak, all they gotta
dialog: do is ask. If other nations don’t
text: like it, they take an early lunch.
dialog: (re: the file search)
dialog: I’m going nuts here, Rory.
text: Chief Wu throws his hands up. Rory continues looking.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: You could ask State to rescind his
dialog: entry visa.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: No, I couldn’t. I’m paid to protect
dialog: Matobo’s interests however Matobo
dialog: sees fit to define them. And I am
dialog: expressly forbidden from soliciting
dialog: American aid to impede those
dialog: interests.
dialog: 2i.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: (still looking)
dialog: There’s a lot of sensitivity here
dialog: to host-country influence.
dialog: (standing)
dialog: Got it.
text: Rory holds two file copies, hands one to Chief Wu.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: Son-of-a-bitch. Where was she?
speaker_heading: RORY
text: On the credenza.
text: Chief Wu’s face tells us he’s never heard of a credenza. He
text: hands Tobin a folder marked “Silvia Broome”.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: Should also be a transcript of her
dialog: report in there.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: What kind of assassin discusses a
dialog: hit in a room full of microphones?
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: The kind who assumes that no one
text: bugs a room full of microphones.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
text: What Rory’s trying not to say is
dialog: we’re a den of spies and the GA is
dialog: regularly swept.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: And has no security cameras.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: But why choose it for an actual
dialog: assassination attempt? It’s the
dialog: most secure room on the planet.
text: Tobin is scanning SILVIA’S FILE PICTURE.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: You said you had veracity concerns?
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
text: Ms. Broome is Matobean.
text: Tobin looks up.
dialog: 
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Three generations. But she has an
dialog: American passport. Her father ran a
dialog: rural hospital. He brought his wife
dialog: to Beston for the daughter’s birth.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Land of the free, home of the
dialog: epidural.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Her parents were killed by a land
dialog: mine in 1989. They were driving in
dialog: the Mukawa Mountains, mountains
dialog: Zauwanie had mined to limit rebel
dialog: activity.
text: Tobin and Dot exchange a look. He hands Dot the file.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Okay. We’1l talk to her. Have you
dialog: informed Matobo’s mission?
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
text: Zuwanie’s security man has been in
dialog: town for a week.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: He’s hired Nils Lud.
text: Tobin registers the name with surprise.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: The mercenary?
text: Chief Wu nods.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC LOBBY (GA BUILDING) - DAY
text: NILS LUD (52) passes the African sculpture. Lud looks like an
text: rust-belt insurance salesman: practical coat, thick glasses,
text: a very large briefcase. Unaccustomed to cold, he never takes
text: off his gloves. The only thing that suggests a military man
text: is his slight limp.
dialog: 
text: On the other side of the sculpture, a TOUR GUIDE is leading a
text: School Group as Workmen sweep up around it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE
dialog: The Public Lobby is also used for
dialog: temporary exhibitions.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE (cont'd)
dialog: This piece was given by the
dialog: Republic of Matobo to commemorate
dialog: their President’s visit a week from
dialog: today.
text: Against a wall behind the kids, Tobin and Dot stand beneath a
text: “Smoking Discouraged” sign. Tobin touches Dot, indicates...
text: Descending the walkway down from the GA balcony, Silvia walks
text: and. talks with.AUDREY.(29)...A.French.Interpreter-with..a. thick
text: Parisian accent and an impish manner.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Astiquer la baguette?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Oui.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: There are people in France who
dialog: actually refer to masturbation as
dialog: “polishing the baguette”?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Of course. So? Our words for self-
dialog: pleasing are cute, yours are
dialog: violent. Jerk off. Whack off. Beat
dialog: off. Give discipline to a monkey.
text: Silvia laughs. Audrey’s performing.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: You are very violent people.
text: They come to the end of the walkway.
text: Over by the wall, Tobin and Dot watch Silvia and Audrey cheek
text: kiss good-bye. Silvia walks for the exit.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
text: She’s attractive.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Yeah, I hate her already.
scene_heading: EXT. PATIO TO PUBLIC LOBBY (NORTH GATE)
text: Silvia walks out into the cold wind. Tobin and Dot are right
text: behind her.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Ms. Broome?
dialog: 24.
text: She stops. Dot and Tobin approach. Dot shows her badge and
text: puts on a beauty-pageant smile.
speaker_heading: DoT
dialog: Hi, there.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. UN ROSE GARDEN - DAY
text: The garden is adjacent to the East River. The Queensboro
text: Bridge sits majestically in front of it. The Secretariat
text: rises stoically behind it.
text: Tobin and Silvia sit on a bench. Dot stands out of earshot
text: down the sidewalk, posted to insure privacy.
text: The transcript of her previous interview blows in his hand.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Tell me what you heard before the
dialog: threat.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: An African man speaking French. I
dialog: can’t remember what he was saying.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Only one man?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
text: But someone else had to be talking.
dialog: (off the transcript)
dialog: “Don’t worry, Edmond Zuwanie will
dialog: die in this room.” He’s responding
dialog: to someone.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: He was at one of the delegates’
text: tables, a mic was open nearby; the
dialog: other person may have been farther
dialog: from the mic.
text: He watches her a few an uneasy moments.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What’s diplomat French?
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Diplomats learn French as protocol,
dialog: their word choice can be unusual. A
dialog: native speaker would’ve said hall,
dialog: salle, not room, chambre.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: But his accent was African?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Matobean?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: My instinct is to say Sub-Saharan
dialog: African, yes, but that could be
dialog: because it’s familiar.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: You didn’t hesitate reporting him?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I thought about it. When the booth
text: light came on, he stopped talking.
dialog: I think he saw me.
text: Tobin makes a face calculated to show concern.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: But I didn’t see him.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: He doesn’t know that.
text: He lets her consider the implications for a few seconds as he
text: scans the transcript. Finally, he closes her folder.
text: He smiles at her.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Is Zuwanie as bad everyone makes
dialog: him out to be?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Are you fishing to find out how T
dialog: feel about him?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Pretty much.
dialog: 
text: A beat.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I'd like to see him trapped beneath
dialog: twisted metal for six hours, forced
text: to watch his wife bleed to death.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: And you weren’t tempted to keep
dialog: quiet, let him take his chances?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I’m not very good at being cynical.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: (re: the UN)
dialog: It means look around. Why do you
dialog: think I’m sitting here? Somewhere
dialog: there’s a war. In a place you can’t
dialog: pronounce. For reasons you can’t
dialog: understand. Our job is to stop it.
dialog: It’s hard work. Complex. Boring.
dialog: Bureaucratic. You have to believe
dialog: in it. You have to believe rules
dialog: matter. You have to believe words
dialog: are enough to change things.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Words do change things, they tell
dialog: us where to point the guns.
text: He may be kidding, but she doesn’t smile. He watches her. He
dialog: wants her to feel uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: It's cold.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: That’s all for now.
text: She stands.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: You don’t believe much in politics,
dialog: do you?
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: I’ve stood on too many podiums. If
dialog: you ask me, somewhere on the road
dialog: to power there’s a great big neon
dialog: sign. It says, “If you made it this
dialog: far, you don’t deserve to be here.”
text: Again, she doesn’t smile. She starts to leave.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: One more question.
dialog: (he makes her wait)
dialog: Maybe you can’t remember a second
dialog: voice because there was never any
dialog: one down there to begin with.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: That’s not a question.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Are you lying?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: No.
text: Silvia holds his eyes for a moment - and then walks away. He
text: Tobin watches her go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY (AFRICAN FLCOR) - DAY
text: JON (28) hands Tobin a thick folder with a CIA seal.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Edmond Zuwanie.
text: They walk on. Jon is African-American and has that hipster
dialog: grad-student-in-global-politics-vibe - this guy has smoked
dialog: hash in some very remote places.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: (re: the folder)
dialog: Is this classified?
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Not if you have a subscription to
dialog: “The Economist”.
text: He's leading Tobin through a research bull pen. It’s a junky
text: maze of white geeks and Africans. Cubicles are decorated with
text: bright flags, African barber “do” boards, soccer memorabilia.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Zuwanie’s killed a fifty thousand
dialog: ethnic Ku in six years. Opposition
dialog: leader is this McGili-educated
dialog: novelist named Kuman-Kuman; he’s in
dialog: hiding. No one’s seen the guy in
dialog: almost a month. Here...
text: Jon gestures to a cubicle. They look in on an AFRICAN. SOCCER
text: FAN watching a game on a small monitor. Jon grabs a book off
dialog: the Fan’s desk.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Nigeria versus Norway. I’ve seen
text: it. Boring.
speaker_heading: SOCCER FAN
text: Black men chasing white men while
dialog: thousands cheer is never boring.
text: The Fan dismisses them with a chuckle and a wave. His left
text: arm has been amputated above the elbow.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Zuwanie?
text: He nods and hands Tobin the book.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Believe me, you don’t want to jump
dialog: a bullet for this guy.
text: CLOSE on the book’s cover: “The Casual Dead” by Edgar Sukru
dialog: Kuman-Kuman.
speaker_heading: TOBIN (0.S.)
dialog: Did you have anything on Silvia
dialog: Broome?
speaker_heading: JON (0.S.)
dialog: Nope.
text: Jon and Tobin continue walking.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Who would have a reason for hitting
dialog: Zuwanie inside the UN?
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: No one. He’s got you, the UN Police
dialog: and Nils Lud all protecting him. I
dialog: Doesn’t make sense.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: JON (cont'd)
dialog: Especially since his domestic
dialog: security force is mostly corrupt
dialog: relatives; you could take him out
text: with a potato peeler and a long
dialog: weekend.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Maybe it’s some anti-UN group?
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Could be the AFP. African Freedom
dialog: Party. Their favorite rant is how
text: the UN has become a puppet of the
dialog: imperialist North.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Where do they stand on Zuwanie?
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: They hate him. He’s given self-rule
dialog: a bad name.
text: Jon stops walking.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: These are serious people, Tobin. If
dialog: the AFP is involved, they’1l want
dialog: this to go down in front of cameras
dialog: - and they’1l1 have no intention of
text: getting out alive.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH GATE OF UN PLAZA ~ NIGHT
text: Like ail institutional spaces after hours, the UN complex at
text: night is weirdly quiet. Silvia comes through the gate with a
dialog: a Group of Six International Colleagues.
text: POV FROM ACROSS THE STREET: Their laughter and voices fog in
text: the cold night air. Different languages. None quite coherent.
text: The others seem to want Silvia to go with them. She declines.
text: Silvia walks up...
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST AVENUE
text: Silvia’s a little nervous to be suddenly alone at night.
text: A sudden rush of traffic, but the sidewalk is empty. As the
text: traffic lulls, Silvia can hear her own footsteps.
text: And the footsteps of someone behind her.
dialog: 30.
text: She looks back to see a YOUNG BLACK MAN IN A SUIT. He moves
text: closer and closer. He comes in step twenty feet behind her.
text: And stays there. Their steps echo like heartbeats in sync.
text: He reaches into his suit. And pulls out a vibrating cell. He
text: checks the caller ID, answers in an American accent...
speaker_heading: SUIT
dialog: Hey, Mom.
text: Silvia smiles.
text: ACROSS THE STREET, Dot watches and says into her cell...
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: You’ re way too close.
text: the Suit changes pace. This is AGENT DOUG SAMPLE (26).
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Fine, I guess. My boss is getting
dialog: to be a pain the ass.
text: Dot disconnects and watches Doug follow Silvia up the Avenue.
scene_heading: INT. CHEAP RENTAL CAR
text: Nils Lud sits in the driver's seat watching the Dot and Doug
text: follow Silvia. He’s listening to a 70’s-era cassette player
text: on the seat beside him; Roger Whittaker sings from its tinny
dialog: speaker.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. TOBIN’S LIVING ROOM (MIDTOWN) - NIGHT
dialog: Small. Generic. New.
text: Tobin has recently moved in but not yet committed to making
text: it livable. Half-tied neckties bunch on his dining table. A
text: pile of DVDs on the floor await a cabinet. Un-hung picture
text: frames lean against walls. There’s even a moving box still in
text: one corner. A huge television plays a basketball game.
scene_heading: INT. TOBIN’S HALLWAY
text: The game plays in the next room. Tobin leans back against a
text: wall, holds a beer, and considers a closed door.
dialog: 
dialog: 31.
text: He just stands there looking at it. After a few seconds, he
text: goes back toward the game.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST AVENUE - MONDAY MORNING
text: Snow clouds. There are now six Protestors across from the UN.
text: One man holds a placard: “Justice for. Genocide”.
scene_heading: INT. GREASY DINER (MIDTOWN) - DAY
text: Doug yawns as he eats with AGENT MOHAMMAD SAID (28), a cranky
text: Arab-American. They share the New York Post. Both look like
dialog: you'd expect from two guys wearing yesterday's clothes. Doug
text: holds up a paper section.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Sports?
speaker_heading: MOHAMMAD
dialog: I’m not done yet.
text: Tobin suddenly plops down beside them. Fresh-faced. Vigorous.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What’s she reading?
text: POV THROUGH THE WINDOW: Silvia sits in a coffee house across
text: the street, reading while she eats breakfast. He can only see
text: her back and part of her face.
speaker_heading: DOUG (0.S.)
dialog: Newspapers. In five different
dialog: languages.
text: Back on the boys.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMAD
text: She got up at six to go jogging.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: And she made three cell calls and
dialog: received one. It sounded like...
speaker_heading: MOHAMMAD
dialog: It was Hebrew.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Any idea what she said, Mohammed?
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMAD
dialog: I didn’t exactly go to Hebrew
dialog: school.
text: Tobin gives him a smile, stands.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Okay. Follow her until she goes
text: into the UN, then clock out.
text: Tobin exits.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN STREET
text: Tobin comes out of the diner, careful not to be seen by
text: Silvia. He checks his watch and hurries down the street.
text: A GREEK TOURIST passes him talking into a cell phone...
speaker_heading: GREEK TOURIST
dialog: Eepahrhee kahnaynah ahloh mayrohs
dialog: sahfteen teen pohlee g-eeah?
text: Tobin stops in the cold. His eyes follow the man.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SECRET SERVICE NEW YORK FIELD OFFICE - DAY
text: A Department of Homeland Security seal woven in the carpet.
text: Shari gossips with the Receptionist at the front desk as
text: Tobin enters in a hurry.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Zuwanie’s Advance Man is in your
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What if she heard one voice because
dialog: he was on a cell phone?
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Right. Who?
text: He ignores the question. They move into the cube farm.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Contact the security liaisons for
dialog: the phone companies. Ask for a list
dialog: of cell calls made or received in
dialog: Midtown Manhattan on Thursday night
dialog: - all calls between ten and eleven.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Then get a list of all the African
dialog: nationals and immigrants working at
dialog: the United Nations, or UN missions,
dialog: diplomats and staff.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Rory Robb. Cross check the lists. I
dialog: need a name and address for every
dialog: male African at the UN who used a
dialog: cell during that hour.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Isn’t this racial profiling?
text: He hurries toward his office. She calls after him...
speaker_heading: TOBIN’S ASSISTANT (cont’ d)
dialog: Tell me we have a computer program
dialog: that does the cross-checking.
scene_heading: INT. TOBIN’S OFFICE - DAY
text: The field office is a few blocks from the UN; the Secretariat
text: can be seen through Tobin’s window.
text: Nils Lud is in a chair holding “The Casual Dead”. Dot sits on
text: the desk. Tobin enters.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Mr. Lud.
dialog: (they shake hands)
dialog: How’s the mercenary life?
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
text: Blood, diamonds and mosquitos are
dialog: always the same.
text: Nils Lud has a strong Afrikaner accent and a wry smile. Tobin
text: goes and sits behind his desk.
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
dialog: We’re a public company now. I’ve
dialog: have shares in my case if you are
dialog: interested.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: I bet you do.
text: Tobin’s chuckle tells us he detests this man.
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
dialog: There is a small problem.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Silvia Broome.
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
dialog: What do you know about her?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Not enough.
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
dialog: From 1996 to 1998, Miss Broome was
text: sexually involved with a young man
text: from Matobo. A graduate student in
dialog: Canada. She and this man also lived
dialog: together for one year in New York.
dialog: Miscegenation is common with White
dialog: Africans.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What’s your point, Nils?
text: Lud holds up the jacket photo on the back of “The Casual
dialog: Dead”.
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
dialog: The man was Edgar Sukru Kuman-
dialog: Kuman.
text: Tobin looks at Dot. She nods. He gets up and goes to the
text: window. The Secretariat is visible beneath snow clouds.
text: His fury grows.
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
dialog: We are requesting you place her in
dialog: protective custody during President
dialog: Zawanie’s visit. And I wish to talk
dialog: to her.
text: Lud puts an official-looking letter on Tobin’s desk.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Tobin?
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: No, I’1l do it.
text: Nils Lud gestures acquiescence with a false grin.
dialog: Cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN STREET - NIGHT
text: Silvia and her INDIAN DATE exit a resturant, laughing. She
text: stops as she sees Tobin across the street. Snow flakes on his
text: shoulders suggest he’s been waiting a few minutes.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I should talk to this guy.
speaker_heading: THE DATE
dialog: You sure?
text: She nods. He’s surprised that his date is ending abruptly,
text: confused as just how to respond. Tobin simply watches.
speaker_heading: THE DATE
dialog: Right. Well. I guess...
text: She takes control.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Thank you.
text: She kisses him on the lips. Holding it just long enough so it
text: doesn’t seem perfunctory.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: It's okay. Call me.
text: He nods and moves off, shooting a glance at his sudden rival.
text: Tobin makes Silvia come to him. She stands in the middle of
text: the street and starts where they left off...
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I bet you don’t vote, either.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: And risk jury duty?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: I thought I’d walk you home.
dialog: 36.
text: She pretends it’s offer she can refuse. Nods. She makes her
text: way onto the sidewalk. They walk a few uncomfortable steps.
text: Tobin looks up at flurries coming into the light...
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Do you miss Africa?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Sometimes. I miss friends. I miss
dialog: certain things.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Like?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: The rush of hot air when you get
text: off the plane. Dogs everywhere. The
dialog: way the night smells like smoke.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What don’t you miss?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Baboons, the meanest animals on the
dialog: planet. Warm Cokes. Poverty. Ganja-
dialog: smelling men with AK47s. It’s hard
dialog: to miss bodies hanging on telephone
dialog: poles.
text: They walk a moment in silence.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Sorry, I shouldn’t talk that way.
dialog: Most people assume White Africans
dialog: are racists.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Are they?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: My grandparents were. But my dad’s
dialog: preferred form of rebellion was
dialog: white guilt. I had to hide Madonna
dialog: albums in Bob Marley covers.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Bet he would have loved Edgar.
text: She stops walking.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: What do you want from me, Agent
dialog: Keller?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: The truth.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I always tell the truth...
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Don’t sell me your nobility, I’ve
dialog: heard..that..one.
text: She walks on.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Edgar’s a painful subject.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What did he tell you to do?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What did he tell you to do?!
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I heard you.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: He won’t talk to me!
text: A beat. They wait while a couple passes.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Because you left him?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: He left me.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I’m white.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: When did you hear from him last?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Five years ago.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: The unabridged version?
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Dear Silvia. Good-bye. At your
dialog: Side, I will never be more than a
dialog: statement. At my. side,..you.will
dialog: never be more than metaphor of
dialog: colonialism. I'm going back to
dialog: Africa. Sincerely, Edgar.
text: A beat. Her tone softens...
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I wish he would ask for help. I’ve
dialog: wasted years waiting for that call.
text: She waits a moment. Then...
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Good-night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: A large corner room with loft windows and view of the East
text: River. It’s full of life: books, colorful fabrics, African
text: bric-a-brac. It feels a little like an meticulous antique
text: store. There is no television or stereo.
text: Silvia stands half undressed looking at a WALL OF PHOTOS.
text: CLOSE. on a PHOTO of Edgar in bed beneath white sheets, he’s
text: looking up at the camera. We see Silvia’s reflection in the
text: frame’s glass.
scene_heading: EXT. SILVIA’S APARTMENT BUILDING
text: Through the windows, we see Silvia go to her bedroom.
text: The camera pulls back to reveal a smail building on the East
text: River (roughly Sutton Square). It has four units, one on each
text: floor. Silvia is at the top. A fire-escape ascends the river
text: side of the building. The Queensboro Bridge is oddly close as
text: it enters Manhattan directly behind the building.
text: The camera moves down to the quiet street below, onto a...
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: INT. SECRET SERVICE CAR
text: Mohammad sleeps with earplugs, airplane pillow and mask. Doug
text: puts packet ketchup on a block of tofu as he mouths the words
text: to a rap song playing in his earphones...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: “All the niggers in my hood, say,
dialog: fuck everything, fuck everything.”
speaker_heading: MOHAMMAD
dialog: Shhhh.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST AVENUE - TUESDAY MORNING
text: A still, bitter cold. The anti-Zuwanie protest has grown to a
text: dozen. Protestors now hold pictures of murdered ku.
scene_heading: INT. SECRET SERVICE OFFICE - DAY
text: Shari has huge computer print-out stacks on her desk. She’s
dialog: looking for UN African names (3,000) in cell phone records
dialog: for a given hour in Midtown Manhattan (350,000).
text: Tobin comes out of his office and puts a file on her desk.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: (kidding)
dialog: Could I get some coffee?
text: She flips him off without looking up.
speaker_heading: A MALE VOICE
dialog: Keller!
scene_heading: DIVISION DIRECTOR JAY PETTIGREW (54) stands at the door of
text: the conference room. Half-a-dozen Suits disperse around him.
text: Pettigrew has a lazy eye and a mordant manner.
text: He makes a come-with gesture. As Tobin walks him through the
text: cube farm, he scrolls through text messages on his cell.
speaker_heading: PETTIGREW
dialog: You want a tour of my troubles?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Not particularly.
speaker_heading: PETTIGREW
dialog: Half the uniform division wants to
dialog: go be sky marshals.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: PETTIGREW (cont'd)
dialog: We have twenty-year veterans under
dialog: indictment for fraud. And, two days
text: ago, a female Marine walked into
dialog: the White House band room and found
dialog: three of our guys watching porn.
dialog: How’s that for a press-appropriate
text: visual? Three men in suits and
text: sunglasses sitting around a room
text: full of tubas with their dicks out.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: And the purpose of this tour is...
text: Pettigrew stops near reception.
speaker_heading: PETTIGREW
dialog: I hear this interpreter is baiting
dialog: us. Why do we still have agents on
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: I’m not sure about her yet.
speaker_heading: PETTIGREW
dialog: She likely to do more than lie?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: I doubt it.
speaker_heading: PETTIGREW
dialog: Then what’s to be sure about? She
dialog: made a report, we’re investigating.
text: Tobin watches his boss read a text message.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Did the State Department call you?
speaker_heading: PETTIGREW
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: They don’t want us to unnecessarily
text: elevate the Wu’s threat level.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: If she really heard a threat, she
dialog: could be at risk.
text: Pettigrew puts the cell away.
speaker_heading: PETTIGREW
dialog: What’s it to you? We don’t protect
dialog: private citizens. You have exactly
dialog: one protectee here.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Yeah, a genocidal maniac.
speaker_heading: PETTIGREW
dialog: You suddenly get to evaluate the
dialog: morals of the people we protect?
dialog: Yes, Zuwanie is an evil human
dialog: being, one whose death I hope
dialog: involves copious amounts of pain,
dialog: You want to fly to Africa and kill
dialog: him, I’l1i buy you an upgrade. But
dialog: while he’s in our hands, he’s the
dialog: goddamn pope.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: I know the pope speech.
speaker_heading: PETTIGREW
dialog: Then act like it. Jesus, Tobin.
text: Pettigrew strides to the door, as much confused as perturbed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SILVIA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: An NYPD car is parking across the dead end of the street. A
text: FEMALE NYPD COP (40) gets out and walks pass the door to the
text: building, where Tobin stands.
speaker_heading: FEMALE NYPD COP
dialog: That conspicuous enough?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Thanks, Peggy.
text: She moves off down the sidewalk.
text: Tobin waits a few seconds until Silvia opens the door. She’s
text: not yet dressed for work.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: TOBIN |
dialog: Hi. I just wanted to drop this off. i
text: He hands her an NYPD business card.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: It’s the number for the PD precinct
text: over on 55th.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: TOBIN (cont'd)
dialog: The desk sergeants all expect you
dialog: to call if something suspicious
dialog: happens. My cell number is on the
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Does this mean you believe me?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: No. Frankly, I think you’ re lying.
text: An awkward beat. What if he’s wrong?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Let’s say this guy is a diplomat. A
text: Matobean. Someone gunning for his
dialog: own President. Someone who can’t
dialog: ask to be recalled without drawing
dialog: attention. Maybe with family back
dialog: in Matobo. Now, every time he goes
dialog: into the UN he takes a risk. If I
dialog: were him, I’d...
text: He thinks better of it.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: If I’m wrong about you, you need to
dialog: be very careful.
text: He’s frightened her. She nods.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SECRETARIAT LOBBY ~ DAY
text: Fifties Deco. Black and white linoleum floors. Green marble
text: walis. Silver elevator shafts. Old-fashioned mail chutes.
text: Silvia clutches her purse as she moves through various UN
text: Types. She looks behind her.
scene_heading: INT. INTERPRETERS’ LOCKER ROOM
text: A narrow room lined with square personal lockers, each one
text: has a combination lock. Various Interpreters come and go. The
dialog: Locker Room is open onto the a Lounge and Computer Area. I
text: Silvia goes to her locker and dials in the combination. As
text: she does so, Two Men near-by stop talking. She notices. She
text: nods as she puts her purse away and closes the locker.
dialog: 
text: She turns around. An jumps. A BLACK MAN is right there. A
text: janitor. He smiles apologetically. She does likewise.
dialog: 
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY COUNCIL CONFERENCE ROOM (CONFERENCE BUILDING)
text: A much smaller version of the Council. Fifteen countries
text: crowd around a rectangular table. Two walls are lined with
text: booths. This is where the real business is done. The room is
text: tight; the atmosphere, tense.
text: The French Ambassador speaks loudiy, impromptu. The American
text: Ambassador’s face doesn’t hide her disagreement.
text: We hear Silvia’s voice, flat, efficient...
speaker_heading: SILVIA'S VOICE
dialog: The Matobean vote puts this Council
dialog: exactly in position the Rome treaty
text: envisions it.
scene_heading: INT. ENGLISH INTERPRETER’S BOOTH (CONFERENCE BUILDING)
text: Silvia is at the mic. A MALE COLLEAGUE (57) reads a thick
text: novel behind her. The door to the back hallway is open.
text: As Silvia interprets, she nervously eyes the Conference Room.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
text: Firmly behind an international
dialog: criminal court. For that reason
dialog: alone, this is an important vote.
text: She hears quick footsteps behind her in the access hallway.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: However, it also allows this body
dialog: to communicate a vision of itself.
text: The footsteps get closer.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: We must prove our belief in global
dialog: justice is free of bureaucratic...
text: She can’t help but look back: a Chinese Interpreter hurries
text: past, late for his shift.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: (correcting herself)
dialog: ...free of bureaucracy and self-
dialog: interest.
text: Silvia’s Colleague makes a flicking motion with his finger;
text: she turns off the mic.
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: COLLEAGUE
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Fine.
text: Silvia turns on the mic and resumes...
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: We must put today’s human rights...
dialog: (mic off)
dialog: I didn’t sleep well.
dialog: {mic on)
dialog: +»..on a higher plain than our fears
dialog: about tomorrow’s sovereignty.
scene_heading: INT. BALCONY OVER PUBLIC LOBBY (GA BUILDING)
text: Silvia sips the last of a latte from a to-go cup. She sets it
text: on the railing and looks down on the Lobby below. The last of
text: the tourists leave, a few mill around the African sculpture.
text: SILVIA’S POV: A Mysterious Man stands near exit.
text: Silvia watches him. There’s a loud bang.
text: SILVIA’S POV: A Young Woman has dropped a book. She picks it
text: up off the floor.
text: Silvia looks back to the Mysterious Man.
text: SILVIA’S POV: A Woman and Two Kids approach the Mysterious
text: Man - a tourist family - and they go to the exit.
text: Silvia bumps the empty to-go cup. She watches as it tumbles
text: from the balcony and bounces off the side of the sculpture,
text: which sends it flying somewhere beneath the balcony.
text: Unsure what to do, Silvia makes a face and moves away from
text: the edge of the balcony.
scene_heading: INT. INTERPRETERS’ LOCKER AREA
text: Silvia smiles at herself - and her crazy fears - as she dials
text: her lock’s combination. She opens the locker door.
scene_heading: SILVIA FREEZES.
text: The locker is empty.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: INT. UN POLICE OFFICE (CONFERENCE BUILDING) - DUSK
dialog: Almost everyone has gone home. An Asian Tour Guide (28) -
text: they wear national dress ~- waits for Rory near the exit.
text: He’s down at the other end of the office with Silvia. She’s
text: signing a theft report; her hand shakes a bit.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Don’t worry. Likely just a locker
dialog: theft. We get shoulder surfers over
dialog: there from time to time.
text: She forces a smile.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: You want an officer to take you
dialog: home?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: No, thanks. T have to go pick up my
text: extra set of keys.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Alright. Don’t worry. Okay?
text: She nods a thanks and moves for the exit. He watches her. He
text: holds up a just-a-second finder to his date and goes to near-
text: by cubicle.
text: Rory picks up the phone.
scene_heading: INT. SECRET SERVICE OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Everyone has gone. Everyone but Tobin, who carries a take-out
text: bag and “The Casual Dead” book through the empty cube farm.
text: Tobin sits at Shari’s desk. He’s stayed late to cross-check
text: the UN names against phone records. As he opens his food, he
text: sees a red light flashing on the phone and hits auto-dial.
speaker_heading: SHARI’S VOICE
dialog: You have reached Tobin Kel...
text: Tobin punches in a code.
speaker_heading: RORY’ S VOICE
dialog: Tobin, it’s Rory Robb at the UN. I
dialog: thought you’d want to know that Ms.
text: Broome had her purse stolen out of
dialog: her locker. Probably nothing. I’11
dialog: be in at nine tomorrow.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 46.
text: Tobin disconnects. He thinks about the theft a moment. Then
text: goes back to the massive task at hand.
scene_heading: INT. UP-SCALE APARTMENT HALLWAY
text: Silvia waits at a door. Audrey opens it, laughing and dressed
text: to kill. She says back into the apartment...
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: T said it would spill.
dialog: (to Silvia)
dialog: You poor thing.
text: They kiss. She hands Silvia an odd fuzzy ring with two keys.
text: Silvia makes a face. The key ring is new.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Thanks,
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: You want to...
text: She gestures into her apartment. Silvia gives her a look.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY TO SILVIA’S APARTMENT
text: Silvia gets off a tiny elevator, exhausted. She goes toward
text: her door. Stops. Silvia looks from the door te the keys in
text: her. hand. An unpleasant idea comes to her.
scene_heading: INT. SECRET SERVICE OFFICE
text: Tobin hunches over the list. Suddenly, he looks up and says
dialog: to absolutely no one...
speaker_heading: TOBIN
text: He’s after her keys.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY TO SILVIA’S APARTMENT
text: Steeling her will, Silvia goes to the door. She opens it.
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S LIVING ROOM
text: Dark. The door opens. Silvia is silhouetted by the hallway
text: light. She reaches in and turns on the living room lights.
text: The apartment appears normal.
text: Wary, she leaves the door open and comes into her living
text: room. She checks around, then goes to her bedroom door.
dialog: 47.
text: SILVIA'S POV: The bedroom is dark. We hear a click as she
text: turns on the overhead light. The room is undisturbed.
text: Silvia returns to her front door and locks it shut.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Silvia enters. The bathroom can be seen beneath it’s door.
text: She reacts puzzled, unsure, and goes toward it.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Silvia slowly pushes the door open. As the door widens, she
text: jumps back and SCREAMS a short shocked scream.
text: Her stolen purse is sitting on top of the toilette lid.
text: She doesn’t move. Doesn’t breathe.
text: Her intercom buzzes out in the living room. She looks that
text: direction, as though she can’t quite comprehend it.
text: It buzzes again. She waits. Four seconds. Six.
text: A car speaker squawks in the street below...
speaker_heading: SPEAKER VOICE
dialog: Ms. Broome?
scene_heading: EXT. STLVIA’S BUILDING
text: An NYPD squad car sits in front of her door. Two Cops look up
text: at her brightly lit apartment.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: POV FROM ACROSS THE STREET: A small crowd of men now occupy
text: Silvia’s living room.
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Doug nods approval. The apartment across from Silvia’s is in
text: mid-renovation: exposed wiring, dry wall, concrete floor.
text: A Sleepy Real Estate Baron rubs his face as Doug says...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: This will be fine.
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S LIVING ROOM
text: Two NYPD Cops watch Forensic Technicians in Homeland Security
text: jackets pack up. A Locksmith changes the door lock. Mohammad
text: is testing foodstuffs.
text: Silvia sits at her dining table with a glass of water. Audrey
text: sits with her. As does Audrey’s Date, a man with some sort of
text: Sauce spilled on shirt.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: They’re only trying to scare. They
dialog: don’t want you to help the police.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: (re: a room full of cops)
dialog: Great.
text: Across the. room, Tobin looks the WALL OF PHOTOS: Young Silvia
text: on a horse. Her parents wedding photo. Antelope plonking in
text: the bush. Silvia standing behind Gutteres and Kofi-Annan. A
text: Group of Interpreters in front of the UNO in Vienna.
text: A LARGE FORENSIC GUY (32) comes by and tells him...
speaker_heading: FORENSIC GUY
dialog: The handbag was wiped clean. We’ll
text: check the contents at the lab.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Thanks.
text: The Forensic Guy moves away. Dot approaches. They keep their
text: voices low...
speaker_heading: DOT
text: Doug says it has a clear view. But
text: it’s a least sixty seconds away.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: We'll keep an agent in the street.
text: Tobin and Dot watch Silvia; she’s staring into the glass.
speaker_heading: DoT
dialog: You realize we have no way of
dialog: knowing if the purse was really
dialog: stolen.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Yeah.
text: Tobin points to a photo on the wall.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Look.
text: CLOSE on a PHOTO. A panel sits at a long table beneath a
dialog: banner for “Human Rights Watch”. Edgar Sukru Kuman-Kuman
text: speaks at a podium marked “Holiday Inn/Johannesburg”. Tobin's
text: finger points to a panelist. It's Jon (the CIA guy).
speaker_heading: DoT (0.S.)
dialog: Well, I’ 11 be damned.
speaker_heading: TOBIN (0.5S.)
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST AVENUE - WEDNESDAY MORNING
text: Heavy overcast. The Protest Group has grown to thirty, anti-
dialog: globalist types are now part of the mix. Someone has brought
text: in two gas heaters. One Woman holds up an effigy of Zuwanie
text: with a bandana tied around his mouth.
scene_heading: INT. CIA (AFRICAN FLOOR) - DAY
text: Tobin walks the floor angry. As Jon comes out office, Tobin
text: pushes him back inside.
scene_heading: INT. JON’S OFFICE (CIA)
text: Jon hits his funny bone on a bookcase.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Oww! Jesus, that hurts.
text: Tobin closes the door. He waits while Jon works his hand.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: A UN interpreter spends four years
dialog: fucking Kuman-Kuman and the CIA has
dialog: nothing on her?
text: Jon doesn’t look up.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What’s going on, Jon?
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: [
text: Jon makes a show of working his hand, buying time to make a
dialog: decision. Finally...
dialog: 
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Every time a piece of information
dialog: leaves this building, the person
dialog: who gave it to us will probably be
dialog: killed. Remember that.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: We think Kuman-Kuman is dead.
text: Jon goes over to his desk.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Two weeks ago, a couple of NGO
text: consultants were shot while looking
dialog: into Ku murders in the South. One
dialog: of them took this...
text: Jon puts a fuzzy photo in front of Tobin.
text: CLOSE on a PHOTO of a dead black man. We recognize him from
dialog: the soccer stadium.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Will you present it to the Security
dialog: Council?
text: Jon's face tells us this is not an easy issue for him.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: This isn’t our fight, Tobin. If we
dialog: support referring Zuwanie, we’d be
dialog: supporting the ICC. We can’t do
dialog: that. Not now. There’s too much
dialog: anti-Americanism out there. We
dialog: won’t risk our citizens one day
dialog: facing a court we don’t control.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Zuwanie’s a monster.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Yes. That’s why we’re not going to
dialog: veto his referral. He’s on his own.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Look, I’m not even sure this is
dialog: Kuman-Kuman.
text: Tobin picks up the photo, examines it.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: I can find out.
text: Tobin puts the photo in his jacket. Jon makes a token attempt
dialog: to stop hin.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Si.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Don't...Tobin...Fuck.
text: Tobin exits. Jon calls after him...
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: You can’t tell her!
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. DOT’S OFFICE - DAY
text: It’s small and scattered with Georgia Bulldog memorabilia and
text: too many plants. Tobin paces in front of Dot’s desk; he still
text: wears his coat.
text: She watches him. After a couple of turns...
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: I have to tell her.
speaker_heading: DoT
dialog: No, actually, you don’t.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Okay, I want to tell her.
speaker_heading: DO
dialog: And I want to pick up the phone and
dialog: call the wives of a couple of South
dialog: American Presidents. But I won’t.
dialog: And you won’t either. If you can’t
dialog: take the bullet or the bullshit...
text: He gestures concession.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: You’re right.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: It’s not my probiem.
text: Dot’s Assistant opens the door and sheepishly mouths...
speaker_heading: DOT’S ASSISTANT
dialog: Your four o’ clock.
scene_heading: INT. SECRET SERVICE OFFICE
text: As Tobin passes Shari, he sees her hands are folded over the
text: computer print-outs and she affects a big cartoon smile.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What?
dialog: 
dialog: 52.
text: She spins her monitor.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Twenty-two calls made or received
dialog: by between ten and eleven p.m.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Any diplomats?
dialog: He goes. into...
scene_heading: INT. TOBIN’S OFFICE -— CONTINUOUS
text: Tobin takes off his coat and sits. Shari enters behind him.
text: He pulls the list up on his computer screen.
speaker_heading: SHART
dialog: Two Nigerians. Looks like they were
text: talking to each other. The rest are
text: mostly clerical. Three translators.
text: A post office worker.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Are they all in the UN right now?
speaker_heading: SHARI
text: Should be. All but one janitor. He
dialog: works nights.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Alright, call Doug and Mchammad in
dialog: early. Have Doug go interview the
dialog: janitor. We'll catch the others at
dialog: home later. Tell Mo to get over to
dialog: the UN. We need them to pull files
dialog: on all twenty-two. Today. Then have
dialog: him run the names past Nils Lud -
dialog: maybe they're on a some watch list.
text: He turns back to his computer. She waits.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: That’s it.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: “Thank you, Shari.”
text: He makes a go gesture.
speaker_heading: CuT To:
dialog: 
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE AREA IN UN BASEMENT (CONFERENCE BUILDING)
text: Silvia and Audrey sit in a quiet corner reading documents. A
text: UN Cop assigned to Silvia stands a few feet from their table.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Is he interesting?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Your Secret Service agent.
text: Silvia looks back at her document.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: No. Yes. Maybe. The feeling of
dialog: being protected is interesting.
dialog: It's weirdly primal and...sexy.
text: Audrey smiles.
text: Tne UN Cop is eavesdropping. He, too, smiles. And sucks in
text: his gut ever so slightly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TOBIN'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Tobin reads a document. The “The Casual Dead” is on his desk
speaker_heading: SHARI’S VOICE
dialog: Doug on three.
text: He picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Yeah?
scene_heading: INT. LANDING (CROWN HEIGHTS APARTMENT BUILDING)
text: Qld. Worn. Dark. Doug stands on the landing talking into his
text: cell. A Hasidic Man (60) stands behind him.
speaker_heading: DOUG
text: Janitor lives in a week-to-week in
text: Crown Heights. No one’s home. But
dialog: the landlord came up. He said he’d
dialog: let me in. We could make a case for
text: a protective sweep.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. TOBIN’S OFFICE
text: Tobin on the phone as before. He considers the legalities to
text: Doug’s query. Meanwhile...
speaker_heading: SHARI’S VOICE
dialog: Rory Robb on seven.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Alright, five minutes.
text: Tobin punches over to Rory.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Hey.
scene_heading: INT. RORY’S OFFICE (CONFERENCE BUILDING)
text: Rory talks on the phone while scanning a report on his desk.
text: Through his open door, we see Mohammad and Nils Lud talking
text: as the mercenary looks through the suspect list.
speaker_heading: RORY
text: No prints on the locker. Looks like
dialog: it was wiped.
speaker_heading: TOBIN (0.S.)
dialog: Did you check for traces of leather
dialog: oil or latex dust?
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Negative. That locker area gets
dialog: pretty busy. Anybody wearing gloves
dialog: would likely attract suspicion.
scene_heading: INT. TOBIN’S OFFICE
text: Tobin stands.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Anybody wiping down a locker would
dialog: also attract suspicion.
text: He hesitates. Thinks. Says mostly to himself...
speaker_heading: TOBIN (cont’d)
dialog: Unless he’s a janitor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY HALLWAY (CROWN HEIGHTS APARTMENT) - DAY
text: The door creaks opens for Doug and the Landlord.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: LANDLORD
dialog: Someone at home?
text: Doug gestures for the Landlord to wait on the landing. He
text: puts his hand in his jacket and steps slowly inside.
text: DOUG’S POV: The entry hallway is about twelve feet long. He
text: can see part of a dark living room. The curtains are drawn.
text: His. cell.rings..He freezes.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Fuck.
text: Doug fishes for his phone and answers without taking his eyes
text: off the hallway.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: TOBIN {(0.S.)
dialog: Get out.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: What?
scene_heading: INT. TOBIN’S OFFICE
text: Tobin’s in front of his desk now.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Back out. Now.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: We’ re on our way.
text: Tobin slams his phone down and grabs his coat.
scene_heading: INT. SECRET SERVICE OFFICE
text: Tobin hurries out his office.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Dot!
dialog: {to Shari)
dialog: I need a warrant for the janitor’s
dialog: address.
dialog: (running off)
dialog: Dot !
dialog: 
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Tobin!
text: He’s forgotten his gun.
text: He grabs it as Dot comes out of her office, holding out a
text: hand with fingers spread. They run through the cube farm.
text: A Mobile Manicurist exits Dot’s office and asks...
speaker_heading: MANICURIST
dialog: Should I wait?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NOSTRAND AVE. (CROWN HEIGHTS) - DAY
dialog: A potent mix of different ethnicities: West Indians, African-
text: Americans, Lubavitchers. Every shop seems to have a sign with
text: too much text and merchandise spilling out onto the sidewalk.
text: Tobin blows into his hands as he waits in front a three story
text: walk-up with a wig shop on the ground floor. Dot and Doug are
text: with him, as is the Landlord.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Here they are.
text: TWO FBI AGENTS jog toward them. One’s short and confident,
text: the other a classic square-jaw.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (to the Landlord)
dialog: We'll let you know if we need you.
text: He shrugs and goes inte the wig shop.
text: The shorter of the two FBI agents wears an FBI windbreaker
text: marked “Terrorism Task Force”, his name is LEMANN (42). His
dialog: colleague is Agent ALAN (36)
speaker_heading: LEMANN
dialog: People.
text: Alan greets them with a nod. They all go inside.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY HALLWAY (CROWN HEIGHTS APARTMENT)
text: The door opens quickly. Tobin and Lemann lead. Dot and Alan
text: follow. Doug brings up the rear, closing the door behind him.
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM (CROWN HEIGHTS)
text: Dark. Sparsely furnished.
text: Tobin and Lemann spin the corner; they exchange a look.
text: The kitchen and part the living area have been converted into
text: a CRUDE BOMB FACTORY with pots, buckets, beakers, empty
text: fertilizer bags, a car battery, two large camping lanterns.
text: The agents gingerly approach. Dot and Alan go to check an
text: adjacent bedroom and bathroom.
text: A PIPE BOMB sits on the floor: two rows of PVC pipe bound
text: together with electrical tape and attached to a weight-
text: lifter’s belt with no buckle; the pipes aren’t capped.
speaker_heading: DOT (0.S.)
dialog: Clear!
speaker_heading: KELLY (0.S.)
dialog: Clear!
text: Tobin and the Lemann kneel in front of the bomb.
speaker_heading: LEMANN
text: It’s a fragmentation device.
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: That’s the detonator.
text: A wooden clothespin with aluminum-wrapped heads is fixed to
text: the pipes. Bach head is wrapped with a tiny bit of wire and a
text: small wedge of wood separates them to prevent contact. A kite
text: string tied to the wedge serves as a rip cord.
speaker_heading: LEMANN
dialog: Prebabliy not enough metal to set
dialog: off the UN detectors. And he can
text: test it, he’s just carrying an old
text: clethespin and bits of aluminum.
text: Doug peers down on pans with thousands of small screws in a
text: milky fluid.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT (0.S.)
text: If it passes, he walks the bomb
dialog: through - brings the battery and
text: shrapnel in separately.
text: Det and Alan come back into the room.
text: A long, weird beat.
dialog: 
dialog: 58.
text: Doug steps over the light switch.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Wait!
text: His hand freezes.
text: Everyone stares at Tobin.
speaker_heading: TOBIN (corit’d)
dialog: Why the lanterns if there’s light?
text: All eyes go to the light fixture. It’s completely packed with
text: a dark paste wrapped in clear plastic.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT
text: Given the fertilizer bags and empty
dialog: battery, I’d say either RDX or TNT.
text: They stare at the fixture until Dot breaks the tension...
speaker_heading: bOT
dialog: That’s just rude.
text: The men force themselves to smile. Out in the entry way, the
text: front door lock CLICKS over.
text: The agents hush.
text: Tt clicks again as someone outside realizes it wasn’t locked.
text: Quiet. Only the street noise outside.
text: The agents wait. Weapons are all aimed at the entry hallway.
text: Tobin starts to step into the living area. Floor boards moan.
text: He looks at Doug, who can see farther into the entry hallway
text: from his position. Doug shrugs.
text: They hear a hinge on the front door creak, slowly, as if it’s
text: at the mercy of wind.
text: Tobin slowly continues to the haliway, step by step. He peers
text: around the corner.
text: TOBIN’S POV: the front door is ajar.
text: Tobin waves his colleagues to follow.
dialog: 
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY HALLWAY
text: Tobin steps down the hallway, slowly, carefully. The doorway
text: is only ten feet away.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL
text: TWO AFRICAN MEN breathe heavily, frozen on the stairs in mid
text: flight. We recognize one of them as the Janitor. The second
text: man is painfully thin, terrified. Their faces are illuminated
dialog: from below.
text: Nils Lud stands just inside the street door, holding a large
text: gun pointed at the ground (he’s just entered as the men were
text: about to exit). He looks at them with absolute neutrality.
text: Suddenly, footsteps can be heard running down the third floor
text: stairs. Lud holds up a wait finger to the Africans and points
text: back up the stairs. He knows them. The footsteps run onto the
text: second-floor landing. The Africans exchange a look.
text: Reluctantly, the Janitor takes a handgun out of his belt and
text: turns around. The Skinny African starts to protest but hears
text: Lud’s weapon click and turns to see it pointed at him.
text: He draws a small handgun and assumes a position a few steps
text: down. The agents footsteps now run the second-floor stairs.
text: The attackers wait.
text: As they footsteps hit the landing overhead, Lud aims at the
text: back of the Janitor’s skull and fires.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST FLOOR LANDING
text: Tobin, Dot, Doug and the FBI Agents fall back against the
text: wall as two more rounds blast right beneath them.
text: Dead silence.
speaker_heading: NILS LUD (O.S.)
dialog: Agent Keller?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Lud?!
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL
text: Lud has shot both Africans: the Janitor in the back of the
text: head; the skinny man, in the chest, then forehead.
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
dialog: I believe we are secure.
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: INT. TOBIN’S SPARE BEDROOM
text: The door creaks. Tobin turns on the light.
text: The room is carpeted and newly painted and completely empty
text: except for a neat pile of packing boxes in the very center.
text: Each box is labelled with black marker: JENN.
text: Tobin runs his hand over the boxes, lost in thought.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Silvia bends by the kitchen counter and checks herself in the
text: reflection of a toaster. The doorbell rings.
text: She opens the door wide for Tobin.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I bet you don’t recycle, either.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Apology accepted.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: You heard?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
text: It was on the news.
text: A awkward beat. She’s thrown by his reticence.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Congratulations.
text: She hugs him. It’s uncomfortable. The sort of hug of two
dialog: people who have imagined touching.
text: A beat. He can’t start.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: I was married. For six years. My
dialog: wife died eighteen months ago. Of
dialog: cancer.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: His subject choice tells her something’s wrong.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Edgar.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: What? Has something happened? What
dialog: about him?
text: His silence is telling, damning. He finally opens his mouth,
text: but she quickly puts her fingers on his lips.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Wait.
text: After a moment, she jerks back her hand and holds it, frozen,
text: a terrible fear. is finally being realized.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: A month is a long time.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Don’t. Whatever you think you know,
dialog: don’t say a word.
text: She’s starting to panic.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: You can’t tell me anything. Just
dialog: because your wife died...
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Silvia.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Don’t! You protect me! You protect
dialog: me! That’s your fucking job! Do it.
dialog: Do your job. Do it. Do it.
text: He starts to touch her. She won’t let him.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Leave. I don’t want you here.
dialog: Leave. Now!
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Leave. Please. Leave.
text: Tobin goes to the door and exits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: INT. TOBIN’S CAR - NIGHT
text: Tobin looks the picture of Kuman-Kuman’s body by the dome
text: light. He’s still parked in front of Silvia’s building.
text: His cell rings.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Hello?
text: He lowers his window, looks up at Silvia’s dark apartment.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Hello?
text: Finally, a voice reaches him, raw, weak, flat...
speaker_heading: SILVIA (0.S.)
dialog: If he’s dead, turn out the light.
text: Silvia disconnects.
text: Tobin looks up at her windows. He can see nothing. He reaches
text: up and turns out the dome light.
text: Unsure what to do next, he sits in the cold dark. He waits.
text: He can hear occasional sounds of the City. A train. A car
text: horn on the FDR. A distant garage truck’s reverse warning.
text: And then - low and barely audible - he hears the wails of a
text: woman in deep and horrible grief.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST AVENUE - THURSDAY MORNING
text: Fog. The Protest has grown to over a hundred. A respectable
text: detachment of NYPD officers have been assigned to them.
text: The Protestors chant...
speaker_heading: PROTESTORS
dialog: Zauwanie kills! Zuwanie kiils!
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY PLATFORM
text: Silvia wears sunglasses as she walks to platform’s edge. The
text: Commuters around her read tabloids, sip coffee, work PDA’s.
text: A train can be heard rumbling loudly down the tracks.
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: AUTOMATED ANNOUNCER
dialog: Express train. Please step back.
dialog: Express train. Please step back.
text: As the train approaches, Silvia doesn’t move. She looks down.
text: Her toes extend just over the platform’s edge.
text: A deafening ROAR of an emergency horn as the train enters the
text: station. The train BARRELS past her, inches from her face.
text: Silvia doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SECRET SERVICE CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: A world map on the wall. A globe. A window onto the USSS
text: field office. A very long table. Like Tobin’s office, it
text: faces East and the Secretariat is visible in the morning fog.
text: Lud has Chief Wu and Rory laughing Tobin leads Lemann, Dot
text: and Mohammad into the room. Mohammad hands out reports as
text: Lemann and Dot take their seats.
text: Tobin holds up a file with a photocopied passport photo of
text: the Skinny African clipped to the outside.
speaker_heading: TOBIN (cont‘d)
text: Kenneth Tebiki. He arrived on a
dialog: tourist visa eighteen days ago
dialog: carrying a Zambian passport. We
dialog: think he’s our suicide bomber.
text: He tosses the file on the table and holds up another with a
text: photocopied drivers license photo of the Janitor.
speaker_heading: TOBIN (cont’d)
dialog: Your janitor’s real name is Adimba
dialog: Nujoma. South African. A cell phone
dialog: registered to him got a call froma
text: Cape Town pay phone Thursday night.
text: The print pattern suggests he’s the
dialog: bomb-maker. The name and social he
dialog: used to gain employment belonged to
text: a deceased Gap employee in Oakland.
dialog: Neither man is a known terrorist
dialog: operative.
text: Tobin sits. Everyone speaks quickly...
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: What makes you think Tebiki was the
dialog: bomber?
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: He needed a return ticket to get a
dialog: visa. He cashed it in and used the
dialog: credit to book Nujoma on a Saturday
dialog: flight to Paris.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Business or coach?
text: Tobin gives her a look, asks Rory...
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Did you check Nujoma’s UN locker?
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: We found a battery and wire. But he
dialog: had two more shifts before tomorrow
dialog: - one to walk the bomb through, one
text: to. bring in the shrapnel.
speaker_heading: LEMANN
dialog: Your men wouldn’t stop a guy toting
dialog: big bags of screws?
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
text: No, the janitor’s ID badges are the
dialog: same as general maintenance.
speaker_heading: LEMANN
dialog: They were prepared.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: And frugal.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: So who are they?
text: The first pause. Nils Lud looks a Polaroid of the pipe bomb.
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
text: The bomb is simple, crude. It looks
dialog: like AFP.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: The AFP doesn’t have a presence in
dialog: Zambia. According to his passport,
dialog: Tebiki made one trip in his entire
dialog: life. He came to New York City.
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
text: The passport is certainly a fake.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMAD
dialog: Or he could be a viatical.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: What’s a viatical?
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Someone with a terminal illness who
dialog: does a suicide attack in exchange
dialog: fora large payment to his.» family.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: In advance.
dialog: (to Mohammad)
dialog: Have the corner check Mr. Tebiki’s
dialog: T-cell count.
dialog: (to Lemann)
dialog: Was video equipment found on scene?
speaker_heading: LEMANN
dialog: No. Why?
text: Shari opens the door.
speaker_heading: SHARI
dialog: Problem.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Tobin runs. We realize he’s inside the...
scene_heading: INT. BOOTH ACCESS HALLWAY (SECURITY COUNCIL) - DAY
text: Tobin is hurrying toward the open door of the English booth.
scene_heading: INT. ENGLISH TRANSLATORS’ BOOTH {SECURITY COUNCIL)
text: Silvia waits as Tobin enters. She looks like she hasn’t
text: slept. She closes the door behind him.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I keep getting calls. No matter
dialog: where I am. This booth. The GA.
text: It rings until someone picks up.
text: She points to the phone. Like all phones in the building, it
text: has a clunky retro quality.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What do they say?
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
text: Nothing. They hang up, wait five
dialog: minutes and call again. But they
dialog: never say anything. Its happened
dialog: thirty-five, forty times.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What if your mic’s on.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
text: The light flashes.
text: The door suddenly opens. It’s Audrey.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: {to Silvia)
dialog: “Monday Morning Quarterback”?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Deciduer café du Commerce.
speaker_heading: / AUDREY
dialog: Merci.
text: Audrey senses something is wrong; she looks Tobin over.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Bye.
text: Audrey exits. An awkward pause.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I’m sorry. I wasn’t sure who...
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: It’s okay.
text: Tobin looks down onto the Council below.
text: TOBIN’S POV: the British Ambassador has the floor.
speaker_heading: BRITISH AMBASSADOR
dialog: Mr. Zuwanie must lay out a clear
dialog: program of democratization if this
dialog: Council is to...
text: Back on Tobin and Siivia.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Are you sure this where you need to
dialog: be today?
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: No. I didn’t want to be alone.
text: He watches her a moment. The phone rings. Silvia jumps. Tobin
text: answers as the second ring starts.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Hello?
text: A distant click. Tobin puts.his fingers.on.the cradle.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Is this an outside line?
text: She nods. He hits *-6-9. And waits.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
text: It’s ringing.
text: Ring two. He gestures for her come closer. They share the ear
text: piece. Their cheeks almost touch. A distant ring.
text: Tobin and Silvia listen to ring four. A machine answers...
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Sorry. I can’t come to the phone
dialog: right now, but here’s the beep.
text: Silvia gasps.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What?! Who is it?!
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Me.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: From your machine at home?!
text: She can only nod.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY TO SILVIA’S APARTMENT ~ DAY
text: Dot clicks off her gun’s safety. Silvia is behind her. Tobin
text: gingerly turns the key in the lock and pushes the door open.
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S LIVING ROOM
text: Dot and Tobin enter: the place has been completely RANSACKED.
dialog: 69.
text: The take a moment to register the chaos. Silvia stands in the
dialog: doorway.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: I think it’s safe to say whoever’s
dialog: behind our threat isn’t back home
dialog: watching “Lifestyles of the Rich
dialog: and Dictatorial”.
text: Silvia views the room without emotion.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DELEGATES' LOBBY (GA BUILDING) - DAY
text: Tobin and Dot join an Advance Team meeting. Twenty-three law
text: enforcement types stand in a circle. All holsters are empty.
text: Lemann indicates himself.
speaker_heading: LEMANN
dialog: FBI.
text: A group of a Six NYPD Uniforms.
speaker_heading: NYPD LEADER
dialog: NYPD. I’m Intel.
dialog: (indicating)
dialog: And that’s Traffic. Terrorist Task
text: Force. Sniper Team. And Bomb Squad.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Homeland.
text: Tobin points to a Man in White Uniform, a Suit, and Dot.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Coast Guard. NSA. Secret Service.
dialog: Agent Woods is our detail leader.
text: Dot stands in front of Four Men. Chief Wu stands flanked by
text: Rory and Six UN Investigators.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: Alright, let’s get started. At ten-
dialog: thirty tomorrow the UN goes on
dialog: security alert, that means all
dialog: transit areas will be clear and
dialog: secure. Service will bring Zuwanie
dialog: through here at ten-fifty-eight.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: We’1ll have five agents working the
dialog: man. We take him up those stairs to
dialog: the Greenroom.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: The Green Room is our safe room.
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: The Public Lobby will be closed all
dialog: morning for-law-enforcement..use....No
text: one gets in without a badge.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Personnel lists are due today.
speaker_heading: LEMANN
dialog: How are you restricting access?
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: Accredited press and employees have
dialog: already been issued special tags.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: And Zuwanie’s entourage?
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
text: They go through the scanner like
dialog: everybody else. Protocol allows
dialog: each visiting dignitary one guard
text: with one handgun. Zuwanie’s not
dialog: even getting that.
speaker_heading: NYPD INTEL
dialog: Delegates?
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: Delegates are a problem, we have to
dialog: rely on the member states to inform
dialog: us if somebody doesn’t belong.
text: Moans. Chief Wu waves them down.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: We have one chance to keep Zuwanie
dialog: alive: make it impossible to get a
text: weapon inside the building.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL ASSEMBLY HALL
text: Dot stands at the famous podium and addresses the Assembly.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: ...And another thing, pay your damn
dialog: parking tickets.
speaker_heading: RORY (0.S.)
dialog: Gun!
text: Dot is grabbed by Four Secret Service Agents and whisked from
text: the podium. They drag her to the Green Room using their hands
text: as guns. UN Cops provide cover.
text: The Hall is empty. The Assembly is at lunch. Chief Wu times
text: the exercise from the floor with a stopwatch. Tobin and Rory
text: stand beside him
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU (cont’d)
dialog: Eighteen seconds!
text: Mohammad enters from the Foyer and gestures for Tobin.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GLASS STAIRWELL - DAY
text: Just off the hallway between the GA and Conference Buildings.
text: A quiet area used by UN tour guides, so there’s a small model
text: of the UN near the door. On one wall is an aerial photo of it
text: with the words “International Territory” written above.
text: Diplomats move up and down the Hallway on the other side of
text: the glass. Mohammad leads Tobin down it. They enter, looking
dialog: for a quiet place to talk.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMAD
dialog: Tebiki had AIDS. Full blown. And
dialog: Nujoma had two prior bullet wounds,
dialog: one within the last year. Coroner
text: found grenade shrapnel in his leg.
text: These facts spin through Tobin’s head.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: He was a mercenary.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMAD
text: A merc and a viatical, that makes
dialog: this a money job.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Why make it look like a terrorist
dialog: attack? Why do it in the UN?
dialog: 72.
text: Tobin looks to the UN model, then the aerial photo across the
text: room. He registers the words INTERNATIONAL TERRITORY.
speaker_heading: cuoT To:
scene_heading: INT. BISTRO (GEORGETOWN) - DAY
text: Jon (the CIA guy) sits across from his Boyfriend, who’s not
dialog: happy that Jon’s taken a cell call...
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Nils Lud?
scene_heading: EXT. UN PLAZA POOL
text: Tobin talks on his cell while pacing up and down in front of
text: the frozen pool.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Would he sell Zuwanie out?!
scene_heading: INT. BISTRO (GEORGETOWN)
text: Jon stands from the table.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: He’d sell his children for parts.
dialog: (to his Boyfriend)
dialog: I know, I promised.
text: Jon moves to a window, out of earshot of other patrons.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Okay, let’s say Nils Lud is being
dialog: paid to arrange a hit on Zuwanie,
dialog: by the Ku, by the AFP, by a very
dialog: forward-thinking philanthropist,
dialog: whoever. Doesn’t matter.
dialog: (the old questicn)
dialog: Why do it in the United Nations?
scene_heading: EXT. UN PLAZA POOL
dialog: Tobin as before.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: It’s international territory.
dialog: (he stops pacing)
dialog: Anywhere else, Lud’s responsible.
dialog: States let a visiting dignitary’s
dialog: security force control their man.
dialog: But the UN doesn’t. Wu’s not even
text: allowing him the usual armed guard.
dialog: 73.
text: Tobin looks up at the towering Secretariat.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: This is the only place on the
dialog: planet where a security consultant
dialog: can’t be held responsible for his
dialog: client’s safety.
scene_heading: INT. BISTRO (GEORGETOWN)
dialog: Jon considers the possibilities.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: And if he’s not responsible, no one
dialog: can say he was involved. There’s no
dialog: fall-out. Professional or criminal.
speaker_heading: TOBIN (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah.
text: Jon smiles.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Clean. It’s out there. But it’s
dialog: clean.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SILVIA’S BUILDING - DAY
text: Two NYPD Officers stand in the doorway.
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S LIVING ROOM
text: Still. Ransacked chaos. She hasn’t bothered to clean up.
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S BEDROOM
text: It, too, has been ransacked. We hear the shower.
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S BATHROOM
text: Silvia lies in fetal position on the tub floor. The shower
text: rains down on her, creating a small pool around her body.
text: She stares at drops hitting in the water.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DOT’S CAR - DAY
text: Dot drives. She uses her sleeve to clear the windshield.
text: Tobin adjusts her defroster. They’re stuck in traffic.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: I know what he’ll say. He’1ll say,
dialog: “Why the hell would Lud shoot his
dialog: own men?” That’s what he’1ll say.
text: Tobin reaches over and honks her horn.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: They were worthless the second they
dialog: made our suspect list. -And Tebiki
dialog: was probably too sick to run.
text: Tobin honks her horn. She gives him an exasperated look,
text: which he’s too pre-occupied to notice.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: It explains why there was no video.
dialog: Terrorists always make a video, the
dialog: handler needs it to make sure the
text: bomber doesn’t back out.
text: When Tobin reaches for the horn, she hits his hand
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: If Lud organized the attack, why
dialog: ransack Silvia’s place? He’s only
dialog: telling us it’s not over.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: No idea. Something Nujoma said that
dialog: night must scare him. Unless...
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: EXT. DETMOLD PARK - DAY
text: A very small strip of grass behind Beekman Place. The sort of
text: hidden park used by drug dealers and leash-law violators. The
text: FDR is on the other side of a cyclone fence.
text: Tobin, Dot and Silvia hug themselves in the cold. Over the
text: roar of surging traffic, Tobin completes the sentence from
dialog: the previous scene...
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Could Lud be the man you heard?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: If he picked up French from his
dialog: soldiers, he might mimic their
dialog: pronunciation. It’s possible. But
dialog: even if I heard him say the exact
dialog: same phrase, I couldn’t be sure.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: He doesn’t know that.
dialog: 75.
text: A man with a dog appears at the park entrance. He sees it’s
text: occupied and moves on.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
text: Lud is travelling on a dipiomatic
dialog: passport. The evidentiary standard
dialog: to-get-him-in. protective. custody is
dialog: high. But if we make him think you
dialog: can identify his voice, he may try
dialog: to contact you. He may offer you
dialog: money. He may threaten you again,
dialog: directly. He may threaten people
dialog: you know. Here. Or in Matobo. He
dialog: may come after you. If we can catch
dialog: him doing any of those things, we'd
dialog: have evidence. Only the three of us
dialog: would be involved. It would mean
dialog: heightening your exposure.
text: Silvia looks from Tobin to Dot. They don’t have to tell her
dialog: the proposal is a flagrant violation of procedure.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: You can say yes or no.
text: A beat. The traffic roars.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Can I ask you something?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: If I were standing beside Zuwanie
dialog: and you saw a man with a gun. If
dialog: you could only grab one of us. If
dialog: you had one second to decide. Who
dialog: would you save?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Zauwanie. And I wouldn’t need the
dialog: second.
text: Silvia stares at Tobin. Neither one looks away. Finally, she
text: smiles a slows smile.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I'll help.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: With one proviso. I want a handgun.
dialog: To keep at home Just for a few
text: days. Until all this blows over.
text: Tobin and Dot exchange a look.
speaker_heading: DOT.
dialog: We can’t just give you a gun.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: You’ re asking me to risk my life.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: We can protect you, Ms. Broome.
dialog: That’s sorta our job.
speaker_heading: STLVIA
dialog: Your job is to protect Zuwanie.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: We can protect you, too.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Can you?
text: She looks at him for a hard moment.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Yes.
text: A beat. She nods a reluctant concession.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOWARD JOHNSON’S RESTAURANT (TIMES SQUARE) - DAY
text: A steady stream of bulky tourists passes. A lost balloon
text: floats above them, up among winter steam and neon.
text: Through a window, we see Tobin sits alone in a booth while
text: speaking into a voice recorder. Edgar’s book is on the table
text: in front of him.
text: Nils Lud passes by outside.
scene_heading: INT. HOWARD-JOHNSON’S RESTAURANT
text: It’s moderately quiet given the crowds and chaos outside. Lud
text: enters and comes to Tobin, who’s saying into the recorder...
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Rave the linguistic tech check it.
dialog: (he gestures Lud to sit)
dialog: And tell Ms. Broome she can review
text: the last of the tapes when she’s in
text: the office during Zuwanie’s speech.
text: Tobin lowers the voice recorder.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: You speak French don’t you?
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: How would you say, “Edmond Zuwanie
dialog: will die in this room?”
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
dialog: Edmond Zuwanie va mourir dans cette
dialog: Chambre meme.
text: Tobin moves his hand so Lud can see the voice recorder’s red
text: light is illuminated.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Say it again.
text: He holds the Dictaphone to Lud’s mouth. Lud stares at it for
text: a moment. He’s stuck. Then with false confidence...
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
dialog: Edmond Zuwanie va mourir dans cette
dialog: Chambre meme.
text: Tobin hits stop.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Chambre. Beautiful word.
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
dialog: Your investigation continues?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
text: Somebody broke into Ms. Broome’s
dialog: apartment this morning.
text: Nils Lud looks like he’s getting information he can’t quite
text: comprehend. Tobin sets the voice recorder on the table.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: These interpreters are amazing. I
dialog: had her reviewing tapes of various
dialog: diplomats speaking French this
text: morning. She’d hear three words and
dialog: say, “Rotsi. He’s a Caprivian.”
dialog: I’ve never even heard of Caprivia.
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
text: Caprivi. It.is.in.Western. Namibia.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: That’s helpful.
text: Lud puts on his best false smile.
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
dialog: Why did you wish to see me, Agent
dialog: Keller?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: I just needed your French on tape.
dialog: We’re checking everyone security
text: cameras picked up leaving the UN
dialog: Thursday after ten p.m. You left...
dialog: (checking a document)
dialog: ...at eleven-twenty-two. Pro forma.
text: Tobin mimics the mercenaries smile. Lud looks at the voice
text: recorder in the middle of the table, as if taunting him.
text: The Waitress approaches. Tobin gestures for the check.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: You’re not worried, are you?
text: Lud laughs.
text: He stands.
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
dialog: Right, then.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: See you, tomorrow. Oh, one more
dialog: thing. About the other night...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Thank you.
text: The South African nods and limps for the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC LOBBY (GA BUILDING
text: The Lobby is closed, dark and locked.
text: Silvia stand with a knapsack at her feet. She’s locking up at
text: the sculpture of Africa below, lost in painful thought.
text: The UN COP guarding her enters the frame behind her...
speaker_heading: UN COP
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Ms. Broome?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Can you do a favor? Can you give a
dialog: few minutes? If you’d wait out in
dialog: the Hall, make sure no one comes?
speaker_heading: UN COP
dialog: Of course.
text: And he leaves her at her make shift memorial.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: WINTER STORM OVER MIDTOWN MANHATTAN AT NIGHT.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. .TIMES SQUARE - NIGHT
text: A sea of umbrellas. Neon lights obscured by rain. Tourists
text: huddle in the rain and sleet beneath a lingerie poster.
text: Lud moves comes out of the Marriott wearing a plastic rain
text: coat. Dot, obscured by a cap and poncho, follows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Silvia turns on her bedside lamp and sits up in bed. After a
text: moment, her phone rings. It startles her.
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE APARTMENT
text: Tobin stands at a window. A hooded camping lantern is on a
text: near-by chair, as is Edgar’s book.
text: Tobin speaks on his cell while looking into Silvia’s bedroom.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: You okay?
dialog: 80.
text: INTERCUT between the BEDROOM and SURVEILLANCE APARTMENT:
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: No.
text: A beat.
text: She lays on her side and looks up at his darkened window. She
text: can’t see him, but she knows which window he’s in.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I can’t see you.
text: He turns up a camping lantern on a chair until he can see his
dialog: own reflection.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Talk to me.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: (re: Edgar)
dialog: You haven’t told anyone, have you?
text: She doesn’t respond. He can hear her breathing. When they do
text: speak, it’s in quiet tones and long pauses...
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Just my guard at the UN.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I hate condolences. That extra
dialog: sincere tone. The forced eye-
text: contact. The two-handed handshake.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: I hated the advice. “You have to
dialog: get out of bed every morning.”
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: “This will make you stronger.”
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: “Be thankful for the memories.”
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: “Remind yourself he’s better off.”
text: She gets out of bed and paces in front of the window.
text: A beat.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Tell me about your wife.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What do you want to know?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: What do you miss about her?
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Simple things. Sound of her key in
text: the door. The weight of her leg on
text: mine. The smell of her pillow. Jenn
dialog: used to have this saying, usually
dialog: for when I forgot to do something.
dialog: She’d say, “Honey, love is a slow
dialog: river of small details.”
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: That’s beautiful. And cruel.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Cruel?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: The sexiest thing a man can do is
dialog: express love for another woman -
dialog: it’s the one time you can really
dialog: trust him,
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What do you miss about Edgar?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I miss who I was around him. I miss
dialog: being naive.
text: She wanders back to her bed and lies down.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: We were walking one night through
dialog: Toronto. It was our second date. A
text: homeless woman came up. She kept
dialog: saying, swear to God. “I’m gonna
dialog: buy food. Swear to God. Just food.
dialog: Swear to God.” Edgar gave her
dialog: twenty dollars. She left. Happy. I
dialog: said, “You realize she’s not going
dialog: to buy food.” He said, “I wasn’t
dialog: giving her money, I was giving her
dialog: trust.”
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: SILVIA (cont'd)
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I took him home and fucked him, But
dialog: these days...
text: A long pause.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: You okay?
text: Click. She’s gone.
text: He watches her. She’s lost in thought, as if she’s forgotten
text: him. She reaches up turns out the light. He does the same.
text: Tobin stands in the dark.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY STATION PLATFORM - NIGHT
text: Twenty passengers wait, wet, cold.
text: Lud comes down stairs onto the platform. Dot follows a few
text: seconds later, pretending to check her cell’s display. But
text: Lud does not look back. In fact, he doesn’t even stop.
text: He moves with steady purpose up another flight of stairs.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY STATION PASSAGE
text: Narrow. Twisting. It’s one of those long passages that leads
text: to another station. A violin plays somewhere in the maze.
text: Dot hurries along. Though she only gets fleeting glimpses of
text: Lud’s plastic coat, she keeps his footsteps in front of her.
text: As she turns a corner, he’s gone. She jumps back. Listens.
text: She hears his footsteps receding. She peeks around the corner
text: to see there is an adjoining passage just ahead.
text: Dot peeks around the corner.
text: DOT’S POV: The adjoining passage quickly dead ends at an
text: accordion gate. The gate open.
text: She pulls her head back and waits. After a few seconds...
text: DOT’S POV: The adjoining passage is now empty.
scene_heading: INT. ADJOINING PASSAGE
text: Dot makes her way to the gate, unsnapping her holster. The
text: gate’s chain looks like it’s been cut. Stairs on the other
text: lead down to a brightly lit subway platform.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Shit.
text: Dot hurriedly squeezes through the gate.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Tobin reads “The» Casual. Dead”...Something..makes. him smile as
text: he closes the book for a moment and takes up the binoculars.
text: BINOCULAR POV: Silvia is in bed asleep. He scopes her Living
text: Room. The apartment door is closed. The window onto the fire
text: escape is closed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED SUBWAY PLATFORM - NIGHT
text: Filthy. Graffiti. Homeless detritus. Visible on the tile wall
dialog: is a partial station plate for “Lexington Ave.”
text: Dot comes down the stairs, surprised to find the platform is
text: abandoned yet brightly lit. She takes out her weapon.
text: Behind her, the last thirty feet of platform is stacked with
text: old school desks the City stored and forgot. In front of her,
text: the north end is sixty yards away. A row of thin iron pillars
text: runs along the tracks.
text: Dot advances north, using the pillars for cover.
text: Thirty yards ahead is a SECOND STAIRWELL leading up into
text: darkness. Beyond the stairwell is a rusty metal DOOR.
text: Dot keeps the pillars between the tracks and her body. She
text: passes the stairwell and looks up into darkness. It seems to
text: be sealed off at the top.
text: She moves in position toward the metal door. She reaches for
text: the doorknob. It’s locked.
text: Dot turns to the tracks. As she approaches, she sees they are
text: no longer visible in a quagmire of black ooze and gunk. She
text: goes, stands at the edge of the platform and looks into the
text: track tunnel. Left. Right. Nothing.
text: She stays at the edge of the platform and listens. She hears
text: an express train rumble past overhead, and then silence.
dialog: B4.
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE APARTMENT
text: Tobin watches.
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S BEDROOM
text: Silvia sleeps.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED SUBWAY PLATFORM
text: Dot listens at the tracks.
text: She comes back through the row of pillars and walks to the
text: center of the platform.
text: Then - with an eerie metallic clang - the LIGHTS GO OUT.
dialog: Black. Pure Black.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Shit.
text: We hear her breathing. Then after a few seconds...
text: A footstep.
text: Dot stops breathing.
text: Was it a footstep? There’s a rustling sound. Again.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Hello?
text: Silence. A crunch.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Hello?
dialog: Nothing.
text: FLASH. Dot fires toward the tracks. She’s using the powder
text: flash to see the platform to the north. It’s empty.
text: FLASH. Tobin watches Silvia.
text: FLASH. Dot. fires to check the platform to the south. Empty.
text: FLASH. Silvia suddenly opens her eyes.
text: FLASH. Dot fires to look behind her. Nothing.
dialog: Black.
dialog: 85.
dialog: Silence.
text: Dot’s poncho rustles with the sound of aiming in the dark.
speaker_heading: DoT
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Shit.
dialog: Silence.
text: Dot’s face appears in the light of cell phone display.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE APARTMENT -— NIGHT
text: Tobin on his cell phone, irritated.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Alright, I’m on my way.
text: Tobin disconnects and raises his binoculars.
text: BINOCULAR POV: Silvia lies in bed.
text: He picks up his cell phone and hits re-dial.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Sorry to wake. you.
text: BINOCULAR POV: Silvia holds the phone.
speaker_heading: SILVIA (0.S.)
dialog: I wasn’t asleep.
text: Tobin lowers the binoculars.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: I have to leave you alone for a few
text: minutes. Fifteen at the most.
dialog: (he checks the street)
dialog: He may be up to something.
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S BEDROOM
text: Silvia sits up.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I’1l be okay. Go ahead.
text: She hangs up. She considers her empty apartment.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: EXT. SILVIA’S STREET - NIGHT
text: Rain. Tobin exits the building that houses his surveillance
text: apartment. He looks up and down the street. Quiet. The NYPD
text: patrol car is still parked at the end.
text: He runs to his car in the rain and retrieves a flashlight.
scene_heading: EXT. 59TH STREET
text: Tobin runs east. Above him, the Roosevelt Island Cable Car
text: rolls to the Queensboro Bridge, a bright blur in the mist.
scene_heading: INT. CHEAP RENTAL CAR
text: Nils Lud watches Tobin run past, humming to Roger Whittaker.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SILVIA’S STREET - NIGHT
text: Nils Lud look up at Silvia’s dark apartment. He holds a bag.
scene_heading: INT. NEIGHBOR’ S APARTMENT
text: The intercom buzzes. A MALE NEIGHBOR in a bathrobe picks up
text: the receiver to hear a great deal of static.
speaker_heading: MALE NEIGHBOR
dialog: Hello?
text: A voice is indecipherable. Thinking the intercom has gone
text: out, he hits the door-release button.
scene_heading: EXT. SILVIA’S BUILDING
text: Lud holds a small walkie-talkie tweaked to emit static up to
text: the intercom. The door lock buzzes open.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR IN SILVIA’S BUILDING
text: Lud puts in an earpiece.
text: CLOSE on the earpiece. We hear the very faint voice of a NYPD
dialog: dispatcher and Beat Cops.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY TO SILVIA’S APARTMENT
text: Lud kneels at Silvia’s door.
text: He opens his bag to reveal a towel, hacksaw, flashlight,
text: drill, etc. He takes out a “pick gun”, a battery-cperated
text: locksmith’s tool that aligns tumblers electrically.
dialog: 87.
text: He goes to work on her new dead bolt.
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S LIVING ROOM
text: Silvia is enters quietly, looking at the door. She can hear
text: soft clicking sounds and a slight electric hum.
text: CLOSE on the door. Light comes from beneath.
text: Silvia watches.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY STATION PASSAGE
text: Tobin and Dot hurry through the narrow passage.
speaker_heading: DOT
text: The light could’ve been on a timer.
text: His cell phone rings. Once. By the time he gets it out of his
text: pocket it’s stopped. Instinctively, they both look at the ID.
text: CLOSE on the phone display: “Silvia Broome”.
text: They start to RUN.
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S LIVING ROOM
text: Silvia puts her phone in her pocket. She looks around. She
text: goes to fire escape window. As she opens it, she hears...
text: CLOSE on the door. Her dead bolt turns. Then the doorknob
text: starts to click and hun. ,
scene_heading: EXT. 59TH STREET - NIGHT
text: Tobin runs the rainy street. Dot follows fifty yards behind.
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S LIVING ROOM
text: Lud pushes the door open with his gun.
text: He grabs the towel but leaves his tools in the hallway. He
text: enters, closes the door, wraps the towel around his gun.
text: Silvia is nowhere to be seen. The bedroom door is closed. The
text: storm blows in from the fire escape window. He investigates;
text: the escape is empty. He moves toward the bedroom.
text: The phone rings. It rings again. And again. On the third,
text: Silvia’s machine answers.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: SILVIA’S VOICE
dialog: Sorry. I can’t come to the phone
dialog: right now, but here’s the beep.
text: And after the cue tone, Lud hears over the speaker...
speaker_heading: SILVIA (0.S.)
dialog: I can see you.
text: And»she»hangs~ up. -Lud.Looks..from. the.phone..machine...up..to..the
text: Surveillance apartment; it’s too dark to see her.
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S BATHROOM
text: The shower curtain is closed. We move over the top to reveal
text: Silvia huddled behind it; she holds her cell phone.
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S LIVING ROOM
text: Lud’s not yet convinced; he continues to the bedroom door.
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S BATHROOM
text: Silvia winces as she hears the bedroom door open.
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S BEDROOM
text: Lud looks around. He moves toward the closed bathroom door as
text: the intercom buzzes out in the living room. He freezes.
scene_heading: EXT. SILVIA’S STREET
text: Tobin pounds on the buzzer as he works a key.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S BATHROOM
text: Inside the shower, Silvia waits and listens.
text: She hears footsteps, soft, furtive. She realizes they are
text: creeping toward her. Silvia looks around in desperation.
text: The footsteps move closer.
text: Closer.
text: She can see a form with a gun. She holds her phone with the
text: antenna forward, a pathetic gouging weapon.
text: The shower curtain rips back. Silvia screams. He jumps.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Sorry.
text: She collapses into him.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: He broke in...
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Lud?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I don’t know.
text: He helps her out of the tub.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S LIVING ROOM
text: All the lights are on. Dot is at the door filling the outer
text: keyholes from a tube of epoxy. Silvia sits cupping a mug.
speaker_heading: DoT
dialog: You won’t be able to get in until
dialog: after it’s replaced.
text: Tobin enters (he’s been to his car) and Dot closes the door.
text: He puts a handgun on Silvia’s table.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Make sure we get it back.
text: Silvia nods.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: One of us will go back across the
dialog: street. The other will sleep here.
dialog: Whoever you prefer.
text: Silvia stands.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I prefer to be alone.
text: Dot and Tobin exchange a puzzled glance. Silvia takes her mug
text: and gun to the kitchen without looking at them.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: {a kiss off)
dialog: I'd feel safer that way.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE APARTMENT — NIGHT
text: It’s still raining. Tobin watches Silvia’s apartment like a
text: hawk. Dot joins him at the window. He’s feeling guilty...
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: We almost killed her.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Yep.
text: It’s that simple. She pats him on the should and moves away.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
text: A MONTAGE of Tobin watching through the night. Literally.
text: We stay on his face, blending ever closer. Tobin watches with
text: shadows of rain on skin. The shadows fade. He sips coffee.
text: Dot wakes and goes. Flashes from an ambulance on the street
text: below. He rubs his eyes. His face grows light with the dawn.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK.
text: A hazy flash of light.
dialog: Another.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERWATER
text: Scuba divers hold lights in murky depths.
text: A Dozen Coast Guard Divers swim in a line. They come to a
text: massive concrete wall; it stretches up and down, left and
dialog: right, as far as they can see.
text: The Divers move up the wall, examining, probing.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN MANHATTAN - DAY
text: From behind the large Pepsi-Cola billboard, we crane up to
text: see the City across the slow-running East River. It’s a crisp
text: and clear winter day. The sun hits the Secretariat, a bright
text: point of light against the complex geometry of Manhattan.
text: A helicopter zooms by. Close. We follow it down to the water.
text: It moves just off the surface toward the UN Plaza. Past the
text: ruin at the tip of Roosevelt Island. Past three Coast Guard
text: boats. Over NYPD skiffs. Over a Dozen Divers as they surface.
dialog: 91.
text: It moves over the Conference Building. Past NYPD sweep teams
text: on the balcony and roof. Pass bomb dogs. Pass sharp shooters.
text: The helicopter moves around the Secretariat to reveal...
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST AVENUE - FRIDAY MORNING
text: THOUSANDS OF PROTESTORS now gather in front of the UN. Media
text: cluster in a stand-up area outside the North Gate.
text: Cops - NYPD and UN - are everywhere.
scene_heading: EXT. TUDOR CITY ROOF - DAY
text: The helicopter hovers over the “Tudor City” sign.
text: Beneath the sign, the NYPD Sharp Shooter Team Leader (from
text: the advance meeting) reviews a placement diagram with six of
text: his Shooters. They yell over the copter and protest below.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SILVIA’S STREET
text: Tobin holds Edgar’s book and watches as Doug and Two NYPD
text: Officers walk Silvia out of her building and into a waiting
dialog: sguad car.
text: She stops before getting into the car, looks at him, then
text: disappears into the safety of the back seat.
text: Tobin watches the car pull away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY BETWEEN GA AND CONFERENCE BUILDINGS - DAY
text: Eight UN Cops use a velvet rope keep employees and diplomats
text: from using the hall.
scene_heading: INT. RAFTERS (GA BUILDING)
text: Two Maintenance Men with flashlights are lying on their backs
text: while checking areas around ceiling spot lights.
text: The Assembly Hall floor ~ far beneath them - is crisscrossed
text: with a grid made of yellow police tape.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL ASSEMBLY
text: The final sweep. Press cameras have already been set up and
text: abandoned. About twenty NYPD and UN Cops work with dogs ina
text: cluster; they’re going through the grid by section.
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. GREENROOM (GA BUILDING)
text: Chief Wu checks the lock on the door up the booths. Secure.
text: Two UN Officers check inside books from a bookcase. Two three-
text: man Fluoroscope Teams x-ray the walls.
text: CLOSE on a MONITOR: a cloudy green images of pipes in a wall.
scene_heading: INT. DELEGATES LOBBY (GA BUILDING)
text: Rory and Technicians test the metal detection equipment. A
text: few early Delegates wait outside in the cold.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC LOBBY (GA BUILDING)
text: UN Cops herd Visitors out the doors.
speaker_heading: UN COP.
dialog: The Public Lobby will be opened
text: again at one o’clock.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SECRET SERVICE CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Doug watches the helicopter hover over the Secretariat a few
text: blocks away. Silvia sits at the table reading.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Coffee? Water?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: I’m fine.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LA GUARDIA TARMAC - DAY
text: A black BOEING 737 with the Matobean flag on its tail sits
text: alone in a far corner of the airport. A caravan of six NYPD
text: vehicles and three diplomatic limos waits.
text: Dot waits a the bottom of the flight stairs with her Four
text: Agents. She’s holding a pair of handcuffs.
text: EDMOND ZUWANIE (68) comes down the stairs, followed by Six
text: Aides. For a dictator, Zuwanie looks old and frail.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: That’s a tyrant?
dialog: 93.
text: Zuwanie makes his way down the flight stairs. As he does so,
text: Nils Lud comes out of the plane.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: (to Zuwanie)
dialog: Second vehicle, Sir.
text: Agents escort him into the second limo and assume positions.
text: Dot waits for Lud. He eyes her handcuffs. As he passes, she
text: jangles them a bit and gives him the beauty pageant smile. He
text: goes to Zuwanie’s limo.
text: An Aide hands Dot a case with the Matobean flag on it.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: This his blood reserve?
text: The Aide nods. Dot walks to the caravan.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: (into her sleeve mic)
text: Leopard on the move.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DELEGATES' LOBBY - DAY
text: Rory scrutinizes Delegates now coming through the detectors
text: as Tobin looks out the glass doors at a sea of Protestors -
text: their yelling is a muffled roar.
text: Tobin turns back to the Lobby.
text: BINOCULAR POV on Tobin as he says into his sleeve mic...
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Doug, is Silvia secure?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SECRET SERVICE CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Doug now has binoculars on the action a few blocks over and
text: Silvia absentmindedly spins a globe in the corner.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (into his sleeve mic
dialog: Secure.
text: CLOSE on the world spinning, Silvia’s suddenly hand stops it.
text: She turns to Africa. She knits her brow.
dialog: 94.
text: She mutters to herself...
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: It came from Matobo.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Pardon?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: The sculpture...Ask. Tobin if they
dialog: checked in the African sculpture?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC LOBBY (GA BUILDING) - DAY
text: The Lobby is abandoned. The African sculpture sits eerily in
text: the quiet. The wall clock reads: 10:20.
text: Tobin goes to the massive art work, touches it. Knocks. Hard.
text: A metallic din echoes through the abandoned Lobby.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL ASSEMBLY - DAY
text: Delegates are starting to arrive. A Maintenance Man runs with
text: a thick coil of rope up an back aisle.
text: He goes out the back doors onto the balcony of the...
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC LOBBY (GA BUILDING)
text: Tobin, Rory and Mohammad look from the balcony down on the
dialog: sculpture.
text: Lemann has climbed up a ladder from the Lobby floor - it’s
text: held by Two UN Cops - and lays on top of the sculpture so he
text: can look into the five-foot top hole with a flashlight.
text: LEMANN’S POV: The sculpture is empty iron mold. His beam of
text: light shows a knapsack at the bottom.
text: He turns and yells up to Tobin...
speaker_heading: LEMANN
dialog: Could be a bomb. The tiles would
dialog: work as shrapnel, so if the lobby
dialog: was full he’d get a decent kill
dialog: rate. But not today. Unless it’s
dialog: meant for us.
dialog: 95.
text: Tobin considers for a moment, makes a decision. He points to
text: the rope the Maintenance Man holds.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Tie it off.
text: He jogs for a ramp that leads from the balcony down to the
text: Lobby floor, removing his jacket as he goes.
text: Rory calls after him...
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: We can always lower a camera!
text: Tobin points to a huge clock on the wall. It’s 10:31.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Not before he gets here!
text: Tobin runs onto the Lobby floor and over to the sculpture as
text: the Lemann climbs down. Tobin takes his flashlight and climbs
dialog: the ladder.
text: He reaches the top as the rope is dropped inside from above.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMAD
dialog: You sure you want to do this?!
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Nope!
text: Tobin crawl to the sculpture’s edge and sit inside the rim.
text: He puts the light in his belt, grabs the rope, disappears.
scene_heading: INT. AFRICAN SCULPTURE (GA BUILDING)
text: Tobin lowers himself down the rope. As he approaches the
text: knapsack, he puts his feet against the side of the sculpture
text: and hangs by one hand, using the other to hold the light.
text: He sees what he couldn’t from above. A long length of thick
text: dark CORD and black metal HOOK lie beneath it. The knapsack
text: has no visible protrusions or wires. He puts the light aside
text: and warily touches it. Nothing. He gently unzips a flap.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC LOBBY (GA BUILDING) - DAY
text: Rory, Lemann, Mohammad and Six UN Cops all look up.
dialog: 96.
text: Mohammad’s face is in a pre-explosion wince as the garbage
text: bag tumbles down from above and drops on the floor right in
text: front of him. Tobin peers down from the top of the sculpture.
text: Lemann opens the bag and dumps its contents onto the floor...
text: An old sleeping bag,
text: Two mostly empty juice jugs,
text: A photocopied blueprint of building’s layout,
dialog: Food..packaging,
text: A small foreign-language paperback.
text: Rory lifts a food wrapper with a pencil. Lemann scans the
dialog: blueprint.
speaker_heading: LEMANN
dialog: It’s the building. The security
text: cameras are marked.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: He was living in here?
text: Mohammad opens a jug and makes a face.
speaker_heading: UN COP
dialog: Yeah. I’d say for a couple of days.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: He didn’t come in with the statue?
text: Tobin comes down the ladder holding the cord and hook.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Somebody probably lowered him from
dialog: the balcony. He would need to hook
dialog: this on the way down or he couldn’t
dialog: get out alone.
text: Tobin tosses the cord onto the sleeping bag.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: All he had to do is climb out when
dialog: the lobby was empty after the
dialog: sweep. He may have used the statue
dialog: to smuggle a weapon inside. Look.
text: Tobin picks up the paperback. There is no illustration on the
text: cover. The title and text are incomprehensible but the name
dialog: of the author is recognizable: Douglas Sukru Kuman-Kuman. On
text: the back cover is a HANDWRITTEN PARAGRAPH in block letters.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: He left us a message.
dialog: 97.
text: CLOSE on the paragraph: The message is indecipherable but the
dialog: salutation is in English: “To Police”
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: This is Ku, right?
dialog: Shrugs.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Most. African languages use the
dialog: Roman alphabet.
text: The question leaves them in silence. Tobin looks to the wall
dialog: clock: 10:43.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: (to Rory)
dialog: Do we have enough to cancel the
dialog: session?
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: That’s up to the GA President.
text: Tobin looks up at the clock. It goes to 10:44. Everyone
text: waits. He hesitates, self-hating.
dialog: The last thing he wants to do is to say into his sleeve...
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Doug, we need Silvia.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TUDOR CITY ROOF - DAY
text: Protesters yell below. Helicopters hover above.
text: The Sharp Shooter Team Leader watches through binoculars. A
text: row of his men scope the surrounding buildings.
text: BINOCULAR POV: Doug escorts Silvia over First Avenue. He says
text: into his sleeve mic (we hear it via earpiece)...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: She says to meet us by the North
dialog: Gate.
scene_heading: EXT. MEDIA STAND-UP AREA (NORTH GATE)
text: A C-SPAN Journalist interviews an AMERICAN DIPLOMAT as Silvia
text: and Doug pass in the background.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN DIPLOMAT
dialog: The UN has often been visited by
dialog: leaders with whom America was in
dialog: conflict: Castro, Arafat...
scene_heading: EXT. NORTH GATE PATIO
text: Against a backdrop of protesters out beyond the gate, Silvia
text: and Doug walk onto the empty patio. Tobin waits for them by
text: the Reutersward sculpture of a gun with a twisted barrel.
text: Silvia clutches her purse as if she wants to hide behind it.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY TENT (NORTH GATE) - CONTINUOUS
text: Weirdly empty. The metal detectors are now gone, though the
text: cables for them are still present everywhere (they’re being
dialog: used in the Delegate’s Lobby).
text: Tobin, Silvia and Doug hurry pass Five UN Cops.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GREENROOM (GA BUILDING)
text: Tense. The GA President, Chief Wu, Rory, Lemann, Doug and
text: Four UN Cops (one posted at each exit door) are silent as
text: Tobin takes the paperback from Wu and hands it to Silvia.
text: She examines it for a few jittery seconds.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: It’s in ku.
text: She turns to the handwritten paragraph on the back. She reads
text: it flatly, as if it were another dry UN document.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: “You cannot understand if you have
dialog: not feit a machete cut your flesh.
dialog: You cannot understand if you have
dialog: not watched soldiers throw dice for
dialog: your wife. You cannot understand if
dialog: you have not felt a child’s warm
dialog: blood flow through your fingers.”
text: She quickly hands the book back. The men all look from Silvia
text: to the GA President. He’s struggling with the decision.
text: Dot interrupts via a Cop’s radio...
speaker_heading: DOT (0.S.)
text: Two minutes.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: We can’t hold him. Not with ali the
dialog: demonstrators out there. Either you
dialog: cancel and we take him back to the
dialog: plane or we bring him in. I need a
dialog: decision. And I need it now.
text: All eyes go the GA President. He says to Chief Wu...
speaker_heading: GA PRESIDENT
dialog: (re: the book)
dialog: This could be a plant. To force us
dialog: into to canceling.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Now, sir.
text: A taut beat.
speaker_heading: GA PRESIDENT
dialog: Bring him in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DELEGATES' LOBBY (GA BUILDING) - DAY
text: Empty. Quiet.
text: The doors BANG open.
text: The Secret Service forms a cross around their Zuwanie. They
text: move him around the entry check point.
text: Zuwanie’s Aides are herded by UN Police toward the metal
text: detectors. Nils Lud tries to follow Zuwanie but...
speaker_heading: UN COP
text: Everybody gets scanned.
text: Dot leads the team working the man. They go to the escalator.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Keep it tight!
dialog: (to Zuwanie)
dialog: We’ re taking the stairs, Sir.
text: They quickly move him up the stairs beside the escalator.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY BETWEEN GA AND CONFERENCE BUILDINGS - CONTINUOUS
text: Cleared, Just Cops. Tobin waits on the landing.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Clear!
text: Dot’s team brings Zuwanie up. They head left into the...
scene_heading: INT. FOYER TO THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY - CONTINUOUS
text: Cleared. Just a few UN Officers at the ends. The detail
text: escorts Zuwanie past doors onto the GA and into the...
scene_heading: INT. GREENROOM (GA BUILDING) - CONTINUOUS
text: The Five Secret Service Agents BURST INTO THE ROOM. Tobin
text: enters last. The door slams behind him.
scene_heading: COP ON FOYER DOOR
dialog: Secure!
scene_heading: COP ON STAGE-LEFT DOOR
dialog: Secure!
scene_heading: COP ON STAGE~RIGHT DOOR
dialog: Secure!
text: COP ON DOOR TO BOOTHS
dialog: Secure!
text: Dot says into her sleeve mic.
speaker_heading: DOT
text: Leopard is secure.
text: The GA President and the Assembly Organizer approach Zuwanie.
speaker_heading: GA PRESIDENT
dialog: Welcome to the United Nations,
dialog: President Zuwanie. Our apologies
dialog: for bringing you in this way but we
dialog: have a security problem...
text: As the conversation continues, Tobin steps over to Chief Wu.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: (angry)
dialog: We should have cleared the building
dialog: and re-secured.,
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: It’s not our call. Maybe it is a
dialog: prank.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: He’s out there. Believe me.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: We’re re-checking the delegates.
text: There’s a knock on the Foyer door. The UN Cop looks through a
text: peep hole, tells Chief Wu...
scene_heading: COP ON FOYER DOOR.
dialog: Nils Lud.
text: Chief Wu nods. The door opens for Lud. The Mercenary limps to
text: where Zuwanie is reading the Ku message for himself. He looks
text: to no one as he goes to his boss.
text: Tobin steps over to Silvia. She’s watching the dictator with
text: repulsed fascination. They whisper...
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: SILVIA
text: He looks so frail.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Keep your distance from Lud.
text: Dot joins them.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: This is seventeen kinds of nuts.
text: The GA President announces to the room...
speaker_heading: GA PRESIDENT
dialog: President Zuwanie would like to go
text: ahead with his speech.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: (a sing-seng voice)
dialog: Mistake.
dialog: The GA President gestures Zuwanie and Lud to the Secretary
text: General’s Lounge. Chief Wu checks his watch...
speaker_heading: CHIEF WU
dialog: We take him out in ten.
text: Furious, Tobin exits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL ASSEMBLY HALL ~ DAY
text: The big day. The Delegates and Press are all in their places.
text: Some wear national dress. Everyone talks.
text: UN Cops in Suits are in the aisles checking badges of various
text: African delegations. A wall of UN Cops stands in front of the
dialog: rostrum.
text: Tobin comes to-where Mohammad.stands.on.the rostrum. He scans
dialog: the Assembly Hall...
text: TOBIN’S POV: Normal activities seems somehow threatening. A
text: Zimbabwean laughs too quickly. A Saudi speaks urgently into
text: his cell phone. A Costa Rican seems to hide behind a paper. A
text: Photographer adjusts his tripod, it looks for a second like a
text: zip gun. Up in the booths, faces. Everywhere. He sees Audrey
dialog: and Silvia’s Colleagues.
text: CLOSE on Tobin. His eyes dart; he’s starting to panic.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GREENROOM (GA BUILDING)
text: Tobin enters and paces in front of Dot. She tries to calm
dialog: him...
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Maybe someone is just trying to
dialog: scare him off.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Yeah, well, what are they going to
dialog: do when they realize it didn’t
dialog: work? Anyone who went to the
dialog: trouble of writing us in Ku...
text: He’s interrupted by a troubling thought.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Where’s Silvia?
speaker_heading: DOT
text: In the lounge with Zuwanie. In case
dialog: he needs a translator.
text: CLOSE on Tobin. Something blatant obvious occurs to him. This
text: is different than the epiphanies we’ve seen him have, scary.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: When she was getting calls, Lud was
dialog: in our office, right? Yesterday?
dialog: bor
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Whoever he’s got out there would
dialog: have. already been in the sculpture.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: And?
scene_heading: INT. SECRETARY GENERAL'S LOUNGE (GA BUILDING)
text: A small room with two high-backed chairs facing forward.
text: Zawanie and Lud sit in the chairs. Doug leans against a wall
text: by the door. Silvia stands in the far corner behind Zuwanie.
text: She’s staring at him and starting to sweat. Her purse hangs
text: low off her right shoulder.
text: CLOSE on the purse as she reaches her left hand into it.
scene_heading: INT. GREENROOM (GA BUILDING)
text: CLOSE on Tobin. Pieces fall into place. He’s chasing the
text: trail, wonders out loud...
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: How could she call herself from her
dialog: own apartment?
speaker_heading: FLASH FRAME:
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S APARTMENT - THURSDAY MORNING
text: Silvia holds her apartment phone to her ear.
scene_heading: FEMALE RECORDING
text: Call forwarding is now on.
text: She disconnects. And dials a number from memory.
speaker_heading: MALE RECORDING
dialog: Thank you for calling the automated
dialog: wake-up service. Please enter your
dialog: telephone number.
text: Silvia begins punching in her own number.
speaker_heading: FLASH FRAME:
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: I’1l check on her.
text: Tobin starts walking to the Lounge. Thinks...
speaker_heading: FLASH FRAME:
scene_heading: INT. SILVIA’S LIVING ROOM - THURSDAY MORNING
text: Silvia surveys the room. Immaculate. Suddenly, she reaches
text: for a curtain and pulls hard.
speaker_heading: FLASH FRAME:
text: Tobin is fighting the urge to run. Thinks...
speaker_heading: FLASH FRAME:
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC LOBBY (GA BUILDING) - THURSDAY NIGHT
text: Winded, Silvia balances her knapsack on the banister and
text: looks down on dark and abandoned Lobby below.
text: She simply tosses the cord and knapsack off the balcony and
text: into the hole in the top of the sculpture.
speaker_heading: FLASH FRAME:
text: Tobin as approaches the Lounge. Thinks...
speaker_heading: FLASH FRAME:
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY TENT (GA BUILDING) - FRIDAY MORNING
text: Tobin leads Doug and Silvia through the tent, now free of UN
text: Cops and metal detectors, closed for police use only.
text: CLOSE on her Silvia’s purse; she clutches it tight.
speaker_heading: FLASH FRAME:
text: Tobin’s hand turns the doorknob.
scene_heading: INT. SECRETARY GENERAL’S LOUNGE (GA BUILDING)
text: The door opens.
dialog: Calm.
text: Zuwanie rests. Lud looks into his case.
text: Silvia stands behind the President and looks up at Tobin with
text: an odd mixture of vulnerability, fear, determination.
dialog: 105.
text: Tobin surveys the situation, says to Doug...
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: I got it.
text: Doug exits.
text: Silvia watches Tobin reach into his jacket. She’s breathing
text: heavily now, moves closer to Zuwanie.
text: Tobin steps into the center of the room. She raises the gun
text: out the purse. She wants him to see it. Tobin stops.
text: He looks at the gun, the one he gave her. Seeing it almost
text: seems a relief. The other two don’t notice the exchange.
text: Tobin holds Silvia’s eyes a moment, then he does what for a
text: Secret Service Agent is unthinkable. Nothing. He simply asks
dialog: Zuwanie...
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: How are you feeling?
text: Zuwanie nods. Tobin moves back to the door and leans against
text: it. Silvia lowers the pointed gun back into her purse.
text: A long, tense beat.
text: Tobin's looking for a way out. He chooses words.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: (to Zuwanie)
dialog: I’ve been reading a book by one of
dialog: your writers. He writes about this
dialog: Ku ritual. The Drowning Man Trial.
text: Silvia cuts her eyes to him. Zuwanie nods indifferently.
text: Edgar’s book is the last thing he wants to discuss.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Ever hear of it, Lud?
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: It’s interesting. When someone is
text: murdered, a year of mourning ends
dialog: with a Drowning Man Trial. There’s
text: an all-night party beside a river.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: TOBIN (cont'd)
text: At dawn, the killer is brought in,
dialog: given a chance to express remorse,
text: put in a boat, taken out in the
text: water and dropped. He’s bound so he
dialog: can’t swim. The family of the dead
dialog: then has to make a choice. They can
dialog: let him drown or they can swim out
dialog: and save him.
text: Silvia listens as if to a voice from the past. Even knowing
text: Tobin’ s game,.she.can’t.stop story’s impact.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: The Ku believe that if the family
dialog: lets the killer drown they’1ll have
dialog: justice, but they’1ll spend the rest
dialog: of their lives in mourning. But, if
dialog: they save him, that very act will
dialog: take away their sorrow.
text: Tobin’s eyes meet Silvia’s.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: The Ku have this saying, “Vengeance
text: is a lazy form of grief”.
text: He holds her eyes until she realizes Lud has noticed. She
text: wipes her face with her left hand.
text: A long beat.
text: Tobin does another surprising thing: he opens the door.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
text: We go out in two minutes.
text: He looks back at her a moment and he leaves the room.
text: Silvia can’t believe it. She tries to focus on Zuwanie. The
text: old man rests his head back and coughs. Lud watches her.
scene_heading: INT. GREENROOM (GA BUILDING)
text: Tobin goes to the center of the room and turns to the Lounge
text: door. Doug starts to enter but Tobin shakes him off.
text: He watches the door, waiting, waiting.
scene_heading: INT. SECRETARY GENERAL’S LOUNGE (GA BUILDING)
text: Lud looks from the second hand on the wall clock to Silvia.
dialog: 107.
text: Her gun is still aimed inside her purse. She forces herself
text: to step closer to Zuwanie. His head still rests against the
text: chair. Her breathing accelerates. She’s fighting ambivalence.
text: Finally, she raises the purse slightly.
dialog: One second. Two. Three. Four.
text: Lud doesn’t breathe.
dialog: Five. Six. Seven.
text: SHE CLOSES HER EYES.
dialog: Seven. Eight. Nine.
text: She opens her eyes. Silvia Broome is no killer.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Silvia walks to the door behind the chairs. Lud stands as she
dialog: moves.
text: As she passes beside him, he GRABS her wrist. She resists,
text: but he’s easily able to lift her gun hand out her purse.
text: He takes the weapon away. Zuwanie watches in horror.
text: Lud holds her wrist tight, forces her against the wall. He
text: looks at her with absolute neutrality.
text: He says to Zuwanie without turning...
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
dialog: Get the others.
text: Zuwanie stands.
text: Lud turns and FIRES two shots at the President’s chest. The
text: small room reverberates with the explosions. Silvia recoils
text: into the wall. Lud brings her hand up beside the pistol and
text: FIRES a shot into her temple. Her head jerks, kneels buckle.
text: She goes limp. Lud still holds her wrist.
text: Tobin throws the DOOR OPEN.
text: Lud’s face tell us he’s realizing there’s NO BLOOD anywhere.
text: Dot, Wu, the other Agents, all appear in the door. Lud lets
text: Silvia’s wrist go and holds the gun out on a finger...
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
dialog: She shot him. Then herself. I
text: couldn’t get to her in time.
text: Tobin takes the gun and kneels to Silvia.
text: She raises herself from the floor. She’s very much alive. She
text: puts her hand in her hair and looks at it. There’s blood on
text: her finger tips.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: From the paper plug in the blank. I
dialog: gave you a training pistol.
text: It takes her a second to comprehend.
speaker_heading: NILS LUD
text: She made an attempt none-the-less.
speaker_heading: ZUWANIE (0.S.)
text: He’s lying.
text: Lud turns to see Zuwanie standing. It’s the first time we’ve
text: heard the old man speak. He’s shell-shocked and mad as hell.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK.
scene_heading: A BRITISH MALE VOICE
dialog: I shall now read the draft
dialog: resolution contained in document SC-
dialog: 1602-2003.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY COUNCIL (CONFERENCE BUILDING) - DAY
text: The session is packed. Visitors line the walls. Faces appear
text: in all the booth windows.
scene_heading: A BRITISH MALE VOICE
dialog: The Security Council...
text: The COUNCIL PRESIDENT (62) - the British Ambassador - reads
text: the one-page document.
scene_heading: COUNCIL PRESIDENT
dialog: Reaffirming that all nations are
dialog: bound to comply with international
dialog: humanitarian law.
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: INT. DELEGATE’S LOBBY (GA BUILDING)
text: Silvia and Tobin follow to UN Cops through the lobby. She is
text: in handcuffs.
speaker_heading: COUNCIL PRESIDENT (0.S.}
dialog: And in particular the Geneva
dialog: Conventions of 12 August 1949.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Do you have a lawyer?
text: She nods. Her mind is elsewhere.
text: She stops at the glass doors and looks over the empty Lobby
text: and up the stairs. Zuwanie’s speech echoes through the room,
text: he is indeed laying cut a program democratic reforms.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: (a simple fact)
dialog: He’1l stay in power.
text: Tobin shrugs. She takes a moment, they go out onto...
scene_heading: EXT. UN PLAZA
text: Tobin and Silvia and the UN Cops come out onto the pavement.
text: The Protestors assume (rightly) that she’s one of their own,
text: arrested for trying to disrupt the speech.
text: First Avenue erupts in CHEERS.
text: The UN Cops hand Silvia over to Four NYPD Cops. She lowers
text: her head and moves with them to a squad car. Tobin follows.
text: She stops before letting herself be put in the backseat. She
dialog: has to yell over the din...
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: How did you know Edgar was dead?!
text: He grimaces and shakes his head: he can’t tell her.
text: She’s put in the car. As the NYPD Cop fixes her seat belt,
text: she calls out to him...
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: Laqueur!
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: What?!
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: SILVIA
dialog: The French Ambassador! His name is
dialog: Laqueur!
text: The door closes. The squad car pulls away. Tobin watches it.
speaker_heading: COUNCIL PRESIDENT (0.S.)
dialog: Insisting all persons who order
dialog: grave breaches of the Convention be
dialog: held. individually responsible.
text: He watches until the squad car pulls out of the UN gates and
text: becomes enveloped in the sea of Protestors.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY COUNCIL (CONFERENCE BUILDING)
dialog: Ambassadors from Austria, Lebanon and Japan hold their copies
dialog: of the resolution.
speaker_heading: BRITISH AMBASSADOR
text: Expressing grave alarm at the
dialog: continued violations occurring
text: within the territory of Matobo.
scene_heading: INT. NORTH DELEGATES LOUNGE
text: The famous Lounge is three stories tall with walls of glass.
text: The Queensboro Bridge can be seen beyond its balcony.
text: It’s empty except for three scattered diplomatic groups, the
dialog: Americans, Mexicans and Chinese.
text: We follow a FASTIDIOUS MAN into the Lounge.
speaker_heading: BRITISH AMBASSADOR (0.S.)
dialog: The Security Council, acting under
dialog: Chapter Seven of the Charter of
dialog: United Nations.
text: He goes to where the American Ambassador and her Aides sit in
text: a cluster of Knoll chairs.
speaker_heading: FASTIDIOUS MAN
dialog: Excusé moi.
text: He hands the Yuppie Advisor a folder with French flag on it
text: and moves off. The Yuppie Advisor goes white with sickening
text: familiarity as he looks in the folder.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN AMBASSADOR
dialog: (gesturing for it)
dialog: Don’t be so dramatic, Brian.
dialog: 111.
text: He gives her the folder, she opens it.
text: CLOSE on the folder’s contents: a color copy of the PICTURE
text: of Edgar’s body.
speaker_heading: BRITISH AMBASSADOR (0.S.)
dialog: 1. Decides to refer Edmond Zuwanie
dialog: to the International Criminal Court
dialog: for immediate prosecution.
text: The Americans watch the Fastidious Man deliver a folder to
text: the Chinese; he then moves toward the Mexicans.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN AMBASSADOR
dialog: Get the White House.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY COUNCIL (CONFERENCE BUILDING)
text: The American Ambassador studies the document. Her Aides sit
text: straight behind her.
speaker_heading: BRITISH AMBASSADOR (0.S.)
dialog: 2. Decides that all states shall
dialog: comply with requests for assistance
dialog: issued by the Prosecutor.
scene_heading: INT. 737 COCKPIT
text: Dot. sits in the pilot’s seat talking on her cell phone. The
text: tarmac at La Guardia is full NYPD and USSS cars.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Call me after the vote.
text: We hear someone banging on the cockpit door.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: He’s not going anywhere.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION AREA ONTO UN INTERROGATION ROOM
text: Through glass, Mohammad and Leman watches Lud be interrogated
dialog: by Chief Wu and host of Officials
scene_heading: INT. ENGLISH INTERPRETERS BOOTH (SECURITY COUNCIL)
text: Tobin and Doug look down on the proceedings. The Interpreters
text: with them don’t work as the British Ambassador is speaking.
scene_heading: COUNCIL PRESIDENT
dialog: 3. Requests the Secretary General
dialog: begin immediate action to empower
dialog: this end.
dialog: 112.
text: Doug whispers to Tobin...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I say he’s going down.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Maybe. Maybe not.
text: CLOSE on Tobin.
speaker_heading: TOBIN
dialog: Either way, it’s not my problem.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY COUNCIL (CONFERENCE BUILDING)
text: The Council President finishes reading the draft resolution.
scene_heading: COUNCIL PRESIDENT
dialog: 4. Decides to remain actively
dialog: seized of this matter.
text: He sets the document aside. We hear the paper rustle in the
text: tense stillness of the Hall.
text: The British Ambassador lowers his glasses.
text: WIDE on the Council.
scene_heading: COUNCIL PRESIDENT
dialog: I shall now put to a vote the draft
dialog: resolution contained in document SC~
dialog: 1602-2003.
dialog: And right before they vote, we...
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK.
speaker_heading: CREDITS.
speaker_heading: END.
dialog: 
