scene_heading: "THE AFRICAN QUEEN"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: James Agee, John Huston
dialog: and
dialog: Peter Viertel
dialog: Based on a novel by
dialog: C.S. Forester
speaker_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
dialog: 
text: EXT. A NATIVE VILLAGE IN A CLEARING BETWEEN THE JUNGLE AND
scene_heading: THE RIVER. LATE MORNING
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- A CHAPEL
text: Intense light and heat, a stifling silence. Then the SOUND
text: of a reedy organ, of two voices which make the words distinct,
text: and of miscellaneous shy, muffled, dragging voices, beginning
dialog: a hymn:
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: (singing)
dialog: "Guide me O Thou Great Jehovah..."
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL -- LONG SHOT -- THE LENGTH OF THE BLEAK CHAPEL
text: PAST THE CONGREGATION, ON BROTHER, AT THE LECTERN, AND ROSE,
speaker_heading: AT THE ORGAN
text: BROTHER, a missionary, faces CAMERA near center; ROSE, his
text: sister, is at side, her face averted. Everybody is singing.
dialog: "Pilgrim through this barren land..."
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- BROTHER:
text: middle-aged, rock-featured, bald, sweating painfully, very
text: much in earnest. He is very watchful of his flock. He sings
text: as loud as he can, rather nasally, and tries to drive the
text: meaning of each word home as if it were a nail. He is beating
text: with his hand, and trying hard to whip up the dragging tempo:
dialog: "I am weak, but Thou art mighty..."
scene_heading: CLOSER SHOT -- ROSE
text: early thirties, tight-featured and tight-haired, very hot
text: but sweating less than Brother.
text: She is pumping the pedals vigorously, spreading with her
text: knees the wings of wood which control the loudness, utilizing
dialog: various stops for expressiveness of special phrases, and
text: rather desperately studying the open hymnal, just managing
text: to play the right notes -- a very busy woman. She, too, is
text: singing her best and loudest, an innocent, arid, reedy
text: soprano; and she, too, is very attentive to the meanings of
dialog: words:
dialog: "Hold me with Thy powerful hand."
scene_heading: INSERT -- HALF-WAY THROUGH THE FOREGOING LINE, AN EXOTIC AND
scene_heading: HORRIBLE CENTIPEDE-LIKE CREATURE SLITHERS INTO VIEW BETWEEN
text: TWO OF THE ORGAN KEYS. WITHOUT INTERRUPTING HER PLAYING, AS
text: METHODICALLY AS SHE WOULD PULL OUT A NEW STOP, ROSE SWIPES
text: IT AWAY.
scene_heading: ROSE -- AS BEFORE --
text: completes "Thy Powerful Hand"; o.s. Voices of singers.
text: Unperturbed, Rose finishes her casual disposal of the bug
text: and pulls out a new stop.
scene_heading: MISCELLANEOUS SHOTS --
text: Through rest of hymn, SHOOT and CUT against its lines for
dialog: meaning, irony and pathos, roughly as follows:
text: FULL VIEW of congregation past Brother and Rose. They are
text: all Negroes and nearly all are dressed in glaring white --
text: the women in garments like camisoles, the men in pants which
text: reach about to their shins: splayed, bare feet. Some of the
text: faces bear the marks of heavy savage ornaments which have
text: been removed, or of tatooing and scarring rituals which have
text: been outlived -- torn nostrils, lips and ear lobes, a neck
text: curiously thin and weak from the enormously heavy metal bands
text: which used to surround it. Some of the children are naked or
text: near-naked. Nearly everybody dutifully shares open hymnals,
text: but it is obvious that few, if any, can read. The singing of
text: most of them is weirdly shy and inchoate -- a little like
dialog: that of a neighborhood audience when a group "sing" is imposed
text: upon them. But on certain high phrases a glad, rich, wet
text: soprano lifts out large and happy, very child-like; and a
text: big male voice bleats forth joyous, jazz-like improvements
text: on the tune, a little off-key. There are very few men present.
dialog: We detail or bring into salience, bare feet slapping time
text: and an anklet shimmying; a very earnest young married couple
text: with the wedding ring prominent and an impressive phalanx of
text: children in tow; the owner of the happy soprano, a sweet,
text: contented, pre-moral face; the owner of the big male voice;
dialog: the inevitable rather effeminate man in every congregation
dialog: who loves religion because he loves Beauty. He is immensely
text: pleased that he knows all the words (the others just dab at
dialog: them): he sings them without any knowledge of their meaning:
dialog: they sound Hawaiian. Also, we SPOT a tremendously old,
text: wrinkled, bent-over woman, dressed in white like a good
text: Christian, but with a bone stuck through the septum of her
text: nose. She croaks, toothless, bleary-eyed.
dialog: These things must be disposed of by late in the first stanza,
dialog: which continues:
dialog: "Open now the crystal fountain Whence the living waters flow,
dialog: Let the fiery, cloudy pillar Lead me all my journey through."
text: We close on the old dame with the bone singing --
text: "...my journey through." o.s., on "...fiery, cloudy pillar",
text: a queer SOUND, steadily louder: the absurdly flatulent,
text: yammering syncopation of a rachitic steam motor. Eyes begin
text: to wander from hymnals: CUT IN Brother frowning and singing
text: harder trying to impose order; attention to the hymn begins
text: to fall apart a little; FOLLOW the white, veering eyes to
text: FRAME, through the open window.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- THE AFRICAN QUEEN
text: whose WHISTLE lets out a steamy whinny, then REPEATS it,
text: with great self-satisfaction. She is squat, flat-bottomed --
text: thirty feet long. A tattered awning roofs in six feet of her
text: stern. Amidships stand her boiler and engine. A stumpy funnel
text: reaches up a little higher than the awning.
scene_heading: ON SECOND WHINNY,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- ON HIS BOAT
text: He is in worn, rather befouled white clothes. He is barefooted
text: and his feet are cocked up and he is sitting on his shoulder
text: blades, smoking a bad cigar. He wears a ratty boater,
text: slantwise, against the sunlight. He is attended by two young
text: Negroes so tall, thin and gracile they suggest black macaroni.
text: One is proudly and busily puttering at the engine, which
text: requires a lot of attention: the other is fanning ALLNUTT,
text: who is feeling just fine. Allnutt speaks to the fanner in
text: Swahili. The young man without breaking the rhythm of his
text: fanning, licks out one long, boneless arm and alters the
text: lashed tiller; the Queen begins to swerve toward shore. o.s.,
text: the hymn continues, all but drowned by motor noise.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- INT. CHAPEL
text: Rose pulls out all the stops, spreads her knees, and pumps
text: like mad in her effort to drown out the ENGINE SOUND. Brother
text: sweats and sings even harder, scowling, shaking his head.
text: The singing is fraying out half to hell; the congregation is
text: a solid black wall of wandering eyes; a few pious converts
text: frown or nudge at the less pious; a little group is coalescing
text: toward the window.
text: The hymn, meanwhile, continues:
dialog: "Feed me with the heavenly manna in this barren wilderness,
dialog: Be my sword, my shield, my banner, be the Lord my
dialog: righteousness."
dialog: Rose's sense of artistic propriety is too much for her. To
dialog: keep things going, she ought to play loud, but on the next
dialog: line --
text: "When I tread the verge of Jordan..." she shuts down to the
dialog: vox humana and the tremolo and maintains that through --
dialog: "Bid my anxious fears subside."
text: On this line, Allnutt appears and lounges against the front
text: door frame still drawing on his cigar. Rose lets everything
text: rip fortissimo on the closing lines:
dialog: "Death of death, and hell's destruction land me safe on
dialog: Canaan's side."
text: By the time of "hell's destruction," Allnutt becomes aware
text: that a lighted cigar in church is bad manners, and, nodding
text: casual apology to Brother, tosses it away onto the packed
text: dirt, out of our sight. Instantly there is a hell of a
text: hullaballoo o.s., all in gibberish, against which the closing
text: words of the hymn compete stridently.
text: The less self-controlled of the flock are no longer singing,
text: and are craning their necks and rolling their eyes, but with
dialog: just enough Sunday-Schoolish discipline to stay in their
text: places. The more pious, with effort, keep their eyes where
text: they belong and SING all the harder. IN QUICK SHOTS, Brother
text: and Rose redouble their efforts. There is a final long-drawn
text: "Aaaa-men," and it is clear this is the closing hymn of the
text: service. Brother closes his book and picks up his service-
text: book; Rose shuts and locks the box-organ and puts the key
text: (which is on two shoestrings) around her neck. Brother strides
text: with decorous alacrity down the middle aisle. Immediately
text: following him, the natives hurry from their benches.
scene_heading: SHOOTING PAST ALLNUTT -- THROUGH DOOR
text: on the cause of the hullaballoo -- a squabbling football
text: scrimmage of virtually nude male heathens, battling for the
dialog: cigar butt. In b.g., if permissible, a couple of equally
text: nude women; a thin, pot-bellied little boy dashing happily
text: toward the fight. Brother and the eager heads of white-clad
text: Christians come into the SHOT, BACK TO CAMERA, watching. One
text: of the heathen fights his way up from the heap with a yowl
text: of supremacy, filed teeth in a great grin, prancing and
text: holding high above them all the frantically busted cigar of
text: vaudeville; others leap after it.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Allnutt, seeing the wrecked cigar, looks kind of bleak. As
text: Brother comes out, he meets his annoyed eye with mingled
text: reproach, apology and indifference.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (to Brother)
dialog: Hello, Reverend.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: Mr. Allnutt.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Here's your mail. Sorry I'm late,
dialog: but one thing and another kept me in
dialog: Limbasi. You know how it is, Reverend.
dialog: (he winks)
dialog: Or maybe you don't.
text: Brother clears his throat.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: They gave me a real going over when
dialog: I got to the mine. They called me
dialog: all the names they could think of --
dialog: in Belgian, but I don't mind so much
dialog: bein' cursed in a foreign language,
dialog: so I just took it with a smile. They
dialog: wouldn't fire me, I was sure of that.
dialog: There ain't nobody in Central Africa
dialog: but yours truly knows how to get up
text: a head of steam on The African Queen.
dialog: It may sound like bragging, Reverend,
dialog: but I'm mighty close to being in-di-
dialog: spensable. Seein's how them Belgians
dialog: is too damn cheap to buy 'er a new
dialog: engine.
text: Rose joins them at the door.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (indifferently)
dialog: Good morning, Mr. Allnutt.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Mornin', Miss.
text: Rose's prayer book is clamped under her sharp elbow. Her
text: walking is used to country, yet tight and spinsterish.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT, BROTHER AND ROSE
text: For a moment Allnutt looks at Rose with utter casualness and
text: indifference; his eyes leave her even before Brother speaks.
text: Brother is looking through the mail. Past them, the liberated
text: Christians walk into the sunshine.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: Ah, splendid, At last they've come.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: My marrow seed.
text: Behind these lines, the TINY OLD WOMAN with the nose-bone
text: makes herself prominent; she's waiting to speak to Brother,
text: almost plucking his sleeve.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (to Allnutt)
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (to Grandma)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: (in snaggle-toothed,
dialog: adoring enthusiasm)
dialog: Oh Mistah Sayuh, I does like how you
dialog: preach!
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: 'k you?
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: All dat hell-fish!
text: Brother nods and smiles uneasily.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: De way yo' neck swell up.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (in dismissal)
dialog: Thank you, thank you.
dialog: (to Allnutt, without
dialog: enthusiasm)
dialog: You'll stop for tea, Mr. Allnutt.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Don't care if I do.
text: They start walking TOWARDS AND PAST CAMERA.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM. MED. SHOT -- RIGIDLY SYMMETRICAL, ACROSS
scene_heading: DINING ROOM TABLE
text: Rose at dead center, Brother at her left, in profile, Allnutt
text: at her right, opposite Brother, in profile. The room is so
text: shaded against heat it is gloomy. The silence, gloom and
text: heat are stifling. Rose is pouring the second of three cups
text: of tea; she pours the third. Brother is deep in the news of
text: a Mission paper. Allnutt sits oppressed by the silence, like
text: a child on his good behavior. A long silence while Rose
text: leisurely pours.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You take sugar, Mr. Allnutt, I seem
dialog: to remember.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: That's right, Miss. Couple
dialog: o'spoonfuls.
text: She doles them into his cup.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: And cream.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Right.
text: Rose passes him his tea.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Bread and butter?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (taking some)
dialog: 'oh obliged.
text: He picks up his cup an inch to drink and puts it down again.
text: Nobody else is served yet. Rose fixes Brother's tea and plants
text: it beside him. She puts a slice of bread and butter on his
dialog: plate.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (reading)
dialog: 'k you?
text: Rose finishes fixing her own tea, and helps herself to bread-
text: and-butter. She lifts her cup, not quite crooking her pinkie,
text: and sips. Allnutt still doesn't move; he is waiting for
text: Brother. Brother finishes and turns his page, and, without
text: shifting his eyes, finds his tea with a blind hand and blindly
text: drinks it and sets down the cup again. Allnutt, licensed,
text: takes a big bite of bread-and-butter and picks up his cup
text: and washes it down. By Rose's covered reaction, it is clear
dialog: that she has been taught never, never to do this, but that
text: she expects no better of such as Allnutt. Allnutt sighs wetly
text: and contentedly. This, too, is bad manners to Rose, but she
text: takes it in her stride.
text: They go on soberly eating bread-and-butter and drinking tea.
text: The only SOUNDS are those of china, sipping, chewing and
text: swallowing. Nobody looks at anyone else. Brother and Rose
text: are wholly, stiffly reposeful; they are used to this. Allnutt
text: begins to get a little squirmy, like a child in church. The
text: silence makes him visibly uneasy, but he tries not to show
text: his uneasiness.
text: All of a sudden, out of the silence, there is a SOUND like a
text: mandolin string being plucked. At first the sound is
text: unidentifiable, though instantly all three glance sharply
text: up, each at the other two, then away; in the next instant
text: they recognize what it is and each glances sharply,
text: incredulously, at the other two -- and then again, quickly
text: away; then Brother and Rose glance with full recognition at
text: Allnutt, at the instant that he knows the belly-growl is
text: his. At the moment of recognition, he glances down at his
text: middle with a look of embarrassed reproach. He glances up
text: quickly and slyly -- hopeful they've missed it -- to find
text: the eyes of both still fixed on him. The instant their eyes
text: meet they bounce apart like billiard balls, and fix on the
text: first neutral object they happen to hit. Then Allnutt looks
text: at them again: neither will look at him.
text: All three lift their cups at the same moment, for a covering,
text: disembarrassing drink of tea. Rose and Allnutt simultaneously
text: recognize what they are doing (Brother is pretending to read,
text: misses it, and goes ahead and drinks his), and both, at the
text: same moment, lower their cups to saucers with an almost
text: simultaneous clink. Both look away from each other. Brother
text: clears his throat rather loudly and turns a page. Rose and
text: Allnutt reach for their cups; Brother beats them to it. When
text: Brother has again put down his cup, Rose -- the tail of her
text: eye on Allnutt -- picks up her cup and drinks, her eyes
text: carefully empty above the cup. Allnutt has his cup again on
text: the way to his mouth when his insides give out with a growl
text: so long-drawn and terrible that Rose first flinches, then
text: makes a noise across it with her spoon, stirring her tea.
text: Brother tightens up like a fist, his first reflex being that
text: this loud one is a calculated piece of effrontery. Allnutt
text: just endures it, with a look of suffering stoicism. When it
text: is over there is a tense silence. Allnutt slowly, slyly looks
text: up at Brother; he is stone. He looks to Rose; she is gazing
text: far off into space. Allnutt is quite embarrassed, and knows
text: they are. He does his best to relieve his own embarrassment
dialog: and theirs.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (in a friendly, yet
dialog: detached tone)
dialog: Just listen to that stomick of mine.
text: There is a silence. By their almost invisible reaction, it
dialog: is clear that to just listen to that stomick of his, is the
text: last thing they want to do. Allnutt is a bit chilled by the
text: silence, but he tries again.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Way it sounds, you'd think I'd got
dialog: an 'eye-ener inside me.
text: A silence.
text: Rose looks at Allnutt; their eyes meet; he attempts a friendly
text: smile. Her face goes stony with embarrassment and she looks
text: quickly away. So does he.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (as soon as she can
dialog: manage it)
dialog: Do have another cup of tea, Mr.
dialog: Allnutt.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Thanks, Miss, don't mind if I do.
text: He passes his cup, while she pours. There is a third growling;
text: not so bad. Allnutt says nothing. Then, after a pause:
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Scuse me.
text: Rose looks stone deaf. She hands him his cup.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Much obliged, Miss.
text: He drinks some tea.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Queer thing, ain't it.
dialog: (a silence)
dialog: Wot I mean, wot d'you spose it is,
text: makes a man's stomick carry on like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Bread and butter, Mr. Allnutt?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Thanks, Miss.
text: He takes some and eats. After a little chewing, his jaws
text: slow; he is expecting another growl and listens intently; so
text: does Rose; none comes, After a little, Allnutt relaxes and
text: Rose relaxes at least to a state of armed truce. They are
text: both munching methodically, eyes out of focus, when Brother
text: takes a curiously official-mannered gulp of tea, sets down
text: his cup, and breaks the silence.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: Herbie Morton's a bishop.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (thinking the remark
dialog: is addressed to him)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Who's that, dear?
dialog: Allnutt is pretty embarrassed to have said "huh."
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: Surely you remember Herbie Morton.
dialog: (Rose looks doubtful)
text: Blond, ruddy-complected chap, a bit
dialog: younger than me. He sang a solo at
dialog: the graduation exercises. "Holy,
dialog: Holy", I believe.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (dubiously)
dialog: I think I remember. It was so long
dialog: ago.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: Well, he's a bishop now.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Splendid.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: I'd say Herbie was a bit younger
dialog: than I -- four or five years.
dialog: (Rose pours more tea
dialog: into his cup)
dialog: Surprising in a way. I mean -- well,
dialog: there was nothing outstanding about
dialog: him. He was no great shakes as a
dialog: student and he didn't have any more
dialog: than his share of the social graces.
dialog: (a pause; he drinks
text: then eats bread and
dialog: butter, but with
dialog: rather less relish
dialog: than before)
dialog: No doubt one does get ahead quicker
dialog: at home than in a foreign field...
dialog: And then, of course, he did marry
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh!
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: That manufacturer's widow. What was
dialog: his name? Briggs -- Griggs -- Briggs --
dialog: yes, Alfred Briggs. Soap flakes, I
dialog: think. Yes, Mrs. Alfred Briggs.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Not to take anything away from Herbie.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I am delighted for him.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: It was "Holy, Holy."
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yes.
text: A silence. Brother isn't even looking at his paper. Allnutt's
text: stomach talks gently. They all accept it stoically.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (after quite a silence)
dialog: There ain't a thing I can do about
dialog: it.
text: A silence.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: More tea, Mr. Allnutt.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: No, Miss, I reckon not. About time I
dialog: shoved off, if I'm gonna get back to
text: the mine by tomorra night.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (insincerely)
dialog: Don't hurry, Mr. Allnutt.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (sure he is safe)
dialog: Stay for dinner.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Thanks all the same.
text: Brother pushes back his chair. Allnutt pushes back his chair
text: and gets up. Rose pats her lips with her handkerchief, pushes
text: back her chair, and gets up.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: Mr. Allnutt brought the marrow seed
dialog: at last.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Splendid.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: I must say, though, they were forever
dialog: getting here.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Lucky they come through now, cause
dialog: it don't look like they'll be no
dialog: more mail for a while.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Reckon the Germans'll hold it up.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (irate -- we sense a
dialog: background of
dialog: unpleasant relations
dialog: with the Germans)
dialog: In heaven's name why?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Cause it looks like there's a war
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: No. Really? Where, Mr. Allnutt?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Europe.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (with the patronizing
dialog: concern of one who
dialog: hears of another
dialog: Balkan brawl)
dialog: Indeed! Between whom?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Oh, Germany, England, the whole --
speaker_heading: BROTHER AND ROSE
dialog: (electrified)
dialog: England!!
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (pop-eyed)
dialog: You mm -- you really mean war?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Wot they tell me. Germans claim the
dialog: British started it. British claim it
dialog: was the Germans. In any case, it's
dialog: war.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (with great intensity)
dialog: But what's happened! What do you
dialog: know about it!
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (like a whip)
dialog: Rose!
dialog: (she shuts up fast)
dialog: Exactly, Mr. Allnutt, what has
dialog: happened?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Well, now, that's about all I can
dialog: remember. Oh yes -- France is in it,
dialog: too. She's with us, I fink. A lot 'o
dialog: them little countries are in it too --
dialog: Austria-Hungary, Spain, Belgium -- I
dialog: forget 'oo's with 'oom.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (quiet desperation)
dialog: And that is all you can tell us?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: All I know. -- I'll try to pick up
dialog: some more, next trip to Limbasi.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: I wonder to what extent we here shall
dialog: be affected.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: None, I shouldn't think.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: This is German territory.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Why would they want to bother a poor
dialog: devil of a missionary and his maiden
dialog: sister? -- beggin' your pardons.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: We are enemy aliens.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Wot's the difference -- in this God-
dialog: forsaken place?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (bridling)
dialog: God has not forgotten this place,
dialog: Mr. Allnutt -- as my brother's
text: presence here bears witness.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: No offence, Miss.
text: Another puzzled pause.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: Really war.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Looks like it... Well, I better shove
dialog: off now. Many thanks for the tea.
text: He opens the door and goes through it.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE SHOT -- GROUP
text: as Brother and Rose come through after him.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Well, take care of yerselves.
dialog: (he goes down the
dialog: steps)
dialog: See ya next month.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: Goodbye. And thank you.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (at bottom of steps)
dialog: 'Bye, Miss.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Allnutt.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- PAST THEM
text: CAMERA watches them watch him as he shambles towards his
text: boat. He soon lights a stogie; his relief in smoking and in
text: being free of them is eloquent in his back. His boys jump to
text: action; curious villagers make way for him; the engine is
text: going by the time he gets there. The boat backs out and sets
text: its course upstream; Allnutt turns and lifts a hand. Brother
text: lifts a hand; Rose doesn't. The boat soon goes out of sight
text: beyond trees.
text: OVER the above, back-to-CAMERA, or quarter-profiled from the
text: rear as they idly watch his departure, Rose and Brother talk
dialog: quietly as follows:
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Shouldn't we perhaps call him back?
dialog: Get to Limbasi while we can?
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (with unction, yet
dialog: with dignity)
dialog: The good shepherd does not forsake
text: his flock when wolves prowl.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: Besides, I think Allnutt is very
dialog: probably right... I can't imagine
dialog: any reason why the Germans should
dialog: trouble us.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No, I suppose not.
text: By now, the boat is pulling out; Brother and Allnutt exchange
text: their not very friendly waves. Rose looks idly after Allnutt,
text: in Sunday boredom. Nothing is said for a few seconds after
text: the boat vanishes; the SOUND of the engine dwindles.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (awed, and moved)
dialog: War. England. Just think!
text: As he speaks, CAMERA STARTS a coldly SLOW PAN, past the
text: chapel, and square onto the jungle, so altering its position
text: behind Brother and Rose that they are held in -- l.s. (where
dialog: before they were in r.s.).
scene_heading: (N.B.: BY MID-PAN the ENGINE SOUND dies.)
text: An almost nude native explodes from the wall of jungle,
text: running as fast as he can, bellowing breathlessly in Swahili
text: and English. Until they hear his bellowing, Brother's and
text: Rose's heads are still ANGLED AWAY from jungle -- not towards
text: river still, but idle and unfocused. With the first sound of
text: his voice, their heads turn sharply, with weary impatience,
text: not alarm, towards the sound.
text: The native does not pause in the village, though he shouts
text: vague things in Swahili as he runs, setting up a kind of
text: helpless agitation among the villagers; in b.g. we see still
text: more of them coming with lazy interest out of their huts,
text: while the native tears towards the bungalow bellowing,
text: breathlessly.
speaker_heading: NATIVE
dialog: Mistah Sayuh! Mistah Sayuh!
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP -- ROSE AND BROTHER (FROM RUNNER'S ANGLE)
dialog: favoring Brother.
speaker_heading: NATIVE'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Mistah! Oh Mistah Sayuh!
text: The eyes of Brother and Rose abruptly lift beyond the runner
text: and come into focus as hard as hawks; almost instantly, their
text: faces become terrible with recognition, despair, and courage --
dialog: and, for the moment with uncertainty, still, whether such
dialog: emotions are needed.
scene_heading: REVERSE SHOT -- (FROM THEIR ANGLE AND DISTANCE) -- GERMAN
speaker_heading: TROOPS
text: emerge from the somber wall of the jungle, tiny against the
text: wall, but looking very efficacious and professional in their
text: tropical uniforms. Instantly they form ranks before an officer
text: who barks an order in German, just audible to us. The natives
text: are somewhat scared and awed, but mainly immobilized with
text: scare, awe, and curiosity. Upon the order, the Germans
text: promptly break ranks and start swiftly and effectively about
text: their business. One group starts rounding up the natives.
text: Another starts collecting live-stock, usable food and
text: supplies. Another covers operations with rifles. Two men
text: light torches and start setting fire to straw huts. One man
text: stands by the officer.
speaker_heading: BROTHER'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.; as soon as it
dialog: becomes clear what
dialog: the Germans are up
dialog: to, his voice is
dialog: quiet but harsh)
dialog: Rose -- go indoors and stay there.
text: o.s., the SOUND of their feet on the front steps. They come
text: swiftly into the SHOT BELOW the CAMERA and walk fast, Rose
text: trailing, towards the officer. After only a few steps Brother
text: begins to trot, ungainly; Rose, still more ungainly, in her
text: narrow skirt, trots too.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- THE OFFICER --
text: a tired, rather heavy, neutral, thoroughly unmemorable face.
text: He is not as tall as Brother, to whom he is giving the once-
text: over. His look is neither brutal nor humane: just experienced.
text: It seems to say, roughly and humorously: "Well, well, what
dialog: have I got to deal with here?" His guardian soldier steps
text: quickly to one side and forward; a nonentity with a gun.
scene_heading: LESS CLOSE SHOT -- BROTHER -- (ROSE IN B.G.)
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (boiling mad, the
dialog: innocent courage of
dialog: a lion)
dialog: What is the meaning of this outrage!
speaker_heading: OFFICER --
text: centered, but a little less close than before; his guard in
dialog: extreme r.s.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: (calmly, in German)
dialog: Speak German, please; I speak no
dialog: English.
scene_heading: CLOSER SHOT -- BROTHER
text: the crest of a wave of righteous fury mounting just before
text: breaking; toppling forward; the terrifying face of a man
text: almost ready to murder out of a sense of being right.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- THE FOUR OF THEM --
text: as close as the CAMERA can frame all four; as, simultaneously,
text: Brother lunges forward at the officer, Rose lunges forward
text: to prevent Brother; the officer steps neatly backward and
text: sidewise, and his guardian steps forward briskly and, sharply
text: but just hard enough to be effective, and with an ugly SOUND
text: of impact, strikes Brother on the left joint of the jaw with
text: his rifle butt. Brother goes heavily to the ground with a
text: groaning gasp.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (rage, shock,
dialog: astonishment)
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (at same instant,
text: squatting beside
dialog: him, turning his
text: head; she is beside
dialog: herself)
dialog: Judkins!
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- BROTHER -- (SHOOTING DOWN PAST ROSE) as she turns
text: his head.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (semi-conscious; his
dialog: jaw not broken but
dialog: bleeding and already
dialog: swelling)
dialog: No. No.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (across his words)
dialog: Oh, Judkins. Brother dear. Come,
dialog: dear. Come, Brother.
text: She helps him to his feet; past them, the officer and his
text: guard walk briskly, aloofly away, and past the whole business,
text: as Brother and Rose get up and the CAMERA LIFTS to normal
text: eye level with them, a much later stage of the destruction
text: of the village is visible in b.g. and is implied o.s. by
text: Brother's eyes.
text: Brother's eyes, scorched-looking, appalled, all but demented,
text: flick from horror to horror; he is watching the annihilation
text: of his life's work and, to his mind, the annihilation of
text: Christian and potential Christian souls; his head quavers in
text: the negative gesture like that of a paretic; his mouth, always
text: hard up to this moment, trembles now and looks curiously
text: large and sensual.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: No! No, Lord! O no! O no! Lord! No!
dialog: O no!
text: Rose is in the SHOT with him; shorter and less favored than
text: he is. Her eyes are constantly upon his face. Tears come out
text: of her eyes, but she is doing no vocal crying. She is watching
text: his heart break and, essentially, she is watching him die,
dialog: and knows it.
speaker_heading: SLOW FADE:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- SAME AS THAT WHICH OPENS THE PICTURE --
dialog: the hottest part of the day -- most smashing sunlight
dialog: possible.
text: There is no village now -- only the round scorched marks
text: where the huts stood; a sketch of debris.
text: At some distance from the bungalow, and in the middle of a
text: lot of gaping space, Brother is hoeing in his vegetable
text: garden. He is terribly small in the enormous barrenness and
text: light. He hoes long enough to convey great loneliness and a
text: kind of blind perseverance, then straightens and looks rather
text: vaguely around him, mopping his face and bald head with a
text: handkerchief. Then, with an abrupt look of purpose, he starts
text: walking, letting the hoe fall where it happens to. He walks
text: towards the bungalow, across the bare ground, not very fast
text: or very steadily, but purposefully. The sunlight makes a
text: near-halation on his bare, bald head. The walk takes him
text: long enough to infer utter loneliness and the destruction of
text: any human sense of time. He starts up the front steps.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE IN THE PARLOR
text: She hears him coming up the steps o.s. She continues mending
text: his nightshirt. On SOUND of him coming through front door,
text: she glances up again and her face becomes curious, then
dialog: concerned.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- BROTHER -- (FROM HER VIEWPOINT)
text: as he advances into room. He is dressed in his Sunday best,
text: immaculate except for sweat-and-dust of immediate garden
text: work. His face is carefully shaven, but it has thinned and
text: he is very pale. The wounded jaw is not bandaged and is
text: virtually healed; stubble around it. There is a streak of
text: garden dust across the temple and up onto the bald head. He
text: is looking hard at Rose, but his eyes can't keep in focus.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (sweat pouring from
dialog: him, teeth rattling)
dialog: Why aren't you dressed, Rose? It's
dialog: time for Service.
scene_heading: SIDE ANGLE SHOT -- ROSE
text: gets up, deep concern on her face, comes quickly to him,
text: bringing both into SHOT, and lays a hand against his forehead.
text: Her reaction infers that Brother has a terribly high fever.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You must wear your hat!
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (teeth chattering)
dialog: Time, this minute!
text: Rose starts to lead and support his obstinacy, CAMERA WITH
text: THEM, towards his bedroom door.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You must lie down a bit. You're not
dialog: at all well.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (resisting feebly but
dialog: coming along, shakily)
dialog: But it's time. It's time.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You're not well enough. Lie down a
dialog: bit, dear.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: Perhaps I should. I feel rather odd.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'll help you off with your things.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (in a suddenly normal
text: and shriveling voice;
dialog: quietly)
dialog: Rose.
text: She opens his door for him; he starts through.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
text: (as he turns to shut
dialog: his door)
dialog: 'k you?
text: He shuts the door in her face.
text: For a moment she stands outside the door as if paralyzed.
text: Then she starts somewhere fast.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- THEIR FORLORNLY POPULATED BOOKSHELF.
text: Rose hurries into the SHOT and takes down a large obsolescent-
dialog: looking Home-Medical Compodium.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: SHOOTING LOW across the bleak dining room table as she hustles
text: the big book to it and opens it. She is standing. She is
text: still in a painful rush through the index when o.s. there is
text: the NOISE of a catastrophic fall.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE (BACK TO CAMERA)
text: at Brother's door. By reflex, she hesitates and raps timidly.
text: Instantly realizing the idiocy of this, she bursts in.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE SHOT -- ROSE
text: inside Brother's bedroom, SHOOTING FROM LOW as she enters
text: and stands a moment transfixed by what she sees, her face
text: suddenly rigid and masklike with horror and pity.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- DOWN -- BROTHER (FROM ROSE'S VIEWPOINT)
text: He is piteous, absurd and ugly; sprawled out on the floor as
text: ill-shaped as a wounded bat, with his nightshirt partly on,
text: shrouding his head, and his trousers half off, trammeling
text: knees which are grotesquely angled. Between lowered pants
text: and hiked-up nightshirt, a sad, humiliating expanse of long
text: white drawers in this furnace weather. His feet are fouled-
text: up in his suspenders. The SHOT is to be both preposterous
dialog: and shocking.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP SHOT -- ROSE
text: past Brother from floor.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (almost whispering)
dialog: Brother! Brother dear!
text: She rushes stooping towards him. CAMERA MOVES into CLOSE UP,
text: as she lifts his heavy head clearly into the SHOT and gets
text: it unveiled from the nightshirt. The big face looks ruined,
text: disgraced, dead, but a low mumbling sighing comes from him.
text: He is far gone.
text: She is about to try to lift him towards his bed when he begins
text: to walk; she waits and listens.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
text: (eyes shut; a faint,
dialog: delirious voice)
dialog: Smite them, Lord! Smite the
dialog: Amalekites, hip and thigh!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (whispering -- almost
dialog: by reflex)
dialog: Amen.
dialog: (with a long a)
speaker_heading: BROTHER
text: So cold and so foggy. My eyes are so
dialog: tired. Where is Rose? Rose, are you
dialog: down there in the shop? Rose, bring
dialog: me a cup of hot tea.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'm here with you, Brother dear.
dialog: Right here beside you.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: I try to study -- so hard. I haven't
dialog: had the start some have: 'Ebrew;
dialog: Greek -- no -- facility. If only
dialog: there were more time. Well, if I
dialog: can't pass the examinations, I can
dialog: volunteer. I can be a missionary.
dialog: Rose, too. Not comely among maidens,
dialog: but she can become a servant in the
dialog: house of the Lord. Yes, even for
dialog: such as she, God finds a goodly use.
text: There is deep pain on Rose's face. She almost wants to say
text: something, but knows the senselessness of it. She just keeps
text: looking at him and listening.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (with calm, resolve,
dialog: acceptance)
dialog: I'm going to put my books away, Rose.
dialog: I'm not going to study any more. If
dialog: I don't pass, it only means that God
dialog: has other work for me. Thy will be
dialog: done.
dialog: (in a different voice,
dialog: secret, piteous,
dialog: impassioned)
dialog: But, Lord, if it be Thy Will, O let
dialog: me distinguish myself and give me a
dialog: call here in England, right here at
dialog: home, Lord. Mother will be so proud,
dialog: Lord. Abash and put to shame all
dialog: them that revile me and persecute me
dialog: for Thy Name's sake.
dialog: (whispering; pleading)
dialog: Lord, I have tried so hard.
text: He is silent; she is motionless. Slowly LIFT CAMERA, losing
text: Brother, CENTERING ROSE IN CLOSE UP.
speaker_heading: SLOW FADE:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT -- MUDDY WATER -- MORNING
text: The screen is filled with a foamy, strongly sliding floor of
text: muddy water; a strong, serene freshness of water SOUND. The
text: SHOT is VERTICAL onto this water from perhaps three feet
text: above it. o.s., already loud, and loudening, the NOISE of
text: the engine of The African Queen.
text: LIFT CAMERA, picking up the launch unexpectedly close as,
text: slanting into broadside, she draws the letters of her name.
speaker_heading: THE AFRICAN QUEEN
text: large across the SHOT.
text: CONTINUE LIFTING; as boat passes, we see Allnutt very briefly
text: and see that he is alone.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: over SOUND of expiring engine and rattle of anchor chain,
text: reacting to his first sight of the vanished village. He looks
text: a little scared and very cautious; he has seen what was done
text: at the mine, and now even the smell of violence, or the echo
text: of its impact, makes him very uneasy. He is even dirtier and
text: more unshaven than when we first saw him and he looks
text: extremely tired.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- THE VILLAGE
text: what we see of it from his angle. Since he is lower than the
text: village, all we can see is a lot of abnormal, empty sunlight.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT (SAME AS BEFORE)
text: He is wary, but knows he must investigate. He goes overside,
text: almost out of the SHOT, stepping across a stump to shore.
text: SWING WITH HIM.
text: As he reaches the top of the low bank, TRUCK with him, MEDIUM
text: CLOSE, as he walks through a little of the burnt-out village.
text: Past him, the scorched circular blotches where the huts were;
text: burned and half-burned little pens and fences; ravaged
text: gardens. He is still careful and uneasy. Unaware of it, he
text: walks through this silence of devastation almost on tiptoe.
text: Now he raises his eyes towards the intact bungalow o.s., and
text: a new kind of carefulness comes into his eyes.
text: STOP the TRUCKING and PAN with him as he walks past and bring
text: in the bungalow, looking cavernous, very still, and cryptic
text: or menacing in the sunlight, as he walks the last few paces
text: towards it. He hesitates a moment at the foot of the steps.
text: It obviously occurs to him that he may find corpses, or nobody
text: at all. He starts up the steps, still walking a little
text: stealthily.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: through the screen door, from inside, as he comes up the
text: quietly creaking steps, sensitive to the mood of a kind of
text: desolation different from that of the village; uneasy. He
text: crosses the porch very quietly, again hesitates, peers through
text: the gray screen door into the dark interior, and raps rather
text: timidly.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (o.s., a dry quiet
dialog: voice with the calm
dialog: of exhaustion in it)
dialog: Come in, Mr. Allnutt.
text: Her voice startles him as much as it should ourselves. He
text: peers again, forehead wrinkled like a monkey's. He can't see
text: her. He shyly opens and comes through the door, mumbling
text: something apologetic and subversal.
text: As he catches sight of her, SWING CAMERA to RIGHT, losing
text: him, and PICK ROSE UP, MEDIUM CLOSE. She is past the angle
text: of visibility from the screen door. She is in a wicker rocking
text: chair, sitting quite primly, working with those rings on
text: which embroidering is done. She glances up at him with eyes
text: like fused glass -- then quickly back to her needlework. It
text: is clear by the over-precision of her motions, and their
text: rigidity and tension, that she is under great strain, but
dialog: this is to be keyed low and simple.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT (FROM HER ANGLE)
text: He watches her; he knows enough to keep quiet; he waits;
text: becomes aware of his muddy feet and quietly tries to clean
text: one against the calf and shin of the other leg.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE (SAME AS BEFORE)
text: She does a couple more stitches, obtains sufficient control
text: of herself, and lowers the needlework into her lap.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (quietly, as before)
dialog: Thank God you've come.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT (AS BEFORE)
dialog: Nobody has ever thanked God in connection with him before.
text: His reaction is quiet, but clearly this is a surprising and
text: novel experience. He says nothing.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (o.S.) Sit down, Mr. Allnutt.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Don't mind if I do.
text: He walks into:
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
text: He sits on the edge of a chair and jockeys it, shyly, a little
text: nearer her.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: So they got here afore I did, eh?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes, they got here. Just after you
dialog: left.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: No!
text: She says nothing.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Couldn't a been more wrong, could I?
dialog: Bout the Germans.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (a quieter, remote
dialog: voice)
dialog: Burning villages.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: That's to keep the natives from
dialog: runnin' away. No place to come back
dialog: to. Been doin' it all over, they
dialog: told me up at Limbasi. The Germans
dialog: are gonna train 'em into an army and
dialog: try to take over the whole of Africa.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Poor helpless natives!
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: It was the same up at the mine when
dialog: I got back from Limbasi. A clean
dialog: sweep of everything. Just plain luck
dialog: I was on the river. They could
dialog: certainly use my launch and what's
dialog: in 'er, too. Blastin' gelatine, Miss.
dialog: Eight boxes of it. An' a lot of canned
dialog: grub. An' cylinders of oxygen an'
dialog: hydrogen for that weldin' job on the
dialog: crusher. Lots o' stuff.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (same dead voice)
dialog: Oh, trust them.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: But as it 'appens, I got the stuff --
dialog: an' the launch. Only I've got no
dialog: crew, an' she ain't an easy boat to
dialog: run single-'anded. Cause them two
dialog: boys o' mine just skipped in the
dialog: night. Don't know if they were scared
dialog: o' me or the Germans.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (quietly, always)
dialog: They are fiends out of hell... His
dialog: whole life's work smashed. Ruined.
text: In a few minutes.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: The Reverend, eh?
dialog: (Rose nods)
dialog: Where's 'e now, Miss?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (pause; quietly)
text: He's dead.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I say, that's too bad! Pretty rough
dialog: on you, Miss.
dialog: (embarrassed; trying
dialog: to keep the ball
dialog: rolling)
dialog: What'd 'e die of, Miss?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: They killed him.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (really a little
dialog: surprised and shocked)
dialog: Well, now that's just awful! If
dialog: they'll up and shoot a Reverend, who
dialog: couldn't do 'em a bit a 'arm, there
dialog: ain't nobody safe.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: They didn't shoot him, Mr. Allnutt.
dialog: But they are accountable to God just
dialog: as surely as if they had.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: 'Ow d'you mean, Miss?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: They broke his heart. He didn't take
dialog: care of himself. He didn't want to
dialog: live.
text: She is looking into his eyes as if daring him to doubt or
text: disagree. He is timid, perceptive and kind enough not to
text: argue with her. After a moment, he avoids her eyes.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Well, Miss that's cert'nly too bad,
dialog: that's all I can say.
dialog: (both are quiet and
dialog: he is uneasy in the
dialog: silence. Making
dialog: conversation)
dialog: When'd 'e die, Miss?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Early this morning.
dialog: (an odd gesture)
dialog: He's in there.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: 'Scuse it, Miss.
dialog: (delicately)
dialog: Wot I mean to say is -- the climate
dialog: 'n all -- quicker you get 'im under
dialog: ground the better, if you don't mind
dialog: me sayin' so.
text: Rose nods.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Got a shovel?
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: Behind the bungalow.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Right. -- Tell ya wot. While I'm
dialog: diggin' the grave, you get yer things
dialog: together, Miss -- all the things ya
dialog: want to take. Then we can clear out
dialog: of 'ere.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Clear out?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Germans might come back any time.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Why should they? They left nothing.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Oh, they'll come back, all right.
dialog: Lookin' for The African Queen. They'd
dialog: dearly love to get their 'ooks on
dialog: 'er. She's the only power boat on
dialog: the river.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Where will we go?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I thought, Miss, 'ow we might find
text: somewhere quiet behind an island.
dialog: Then we could talk about what to do.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (a pause; then with
dialog: quick decision)
dialog: I'll get my things ready.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Fine, Miss, I'll be quick's I can.
text: He starts for the front door.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Allnutt.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: You'd do the same for me, Miss.
text: As he thinks it over, he begins to wonder, literal-mindedly,
text: whether she really would. He goes on out.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT -- AT THE GRAVE
text: They stand on opposite sides of the new grave. At its head
text: is an improvised cross, two pieces of wood carefully and
text: securely wired together.
text: Rose is reading the last lines of the burial service from a
dialog: Methodist or Presbyterian prayerbook.
text: She reads rather badly; (i.E., with the Protestant shadings
dialog: of "expressiveness") yet between the language and the conflict
text: between restraint and deep emotion in her voice, it is quite
text: moving. Allnutt, while she reads, is trying to pay polite
text: attention; he even says "Amen", and such, in a sheepish kind
text: of way. But his eyes keep sliding uneasily to the jungle;
dialog: the Germans really do worry him.
text: When she has finished, she stands very silent, for longer
text: than he can take. He tries reasonably hard, but finally he
dialog: has to speak.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Well, Miss, let's get outa here while
dialog: the gettin's good.
text: Rose, without looking at him or at the grave, and without
text: speaking, walks away; he picks up his spade and follows.
text: MEDIUM SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT at the edge of the porch.
text: Rose pauses, looks over towards Brother's grave for the last
text: time. Allnutt stands beside her, carrying her suitcase, not
text: wanting to hurry her again, but wishing she'd get a move on.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT -- (SHOOTING PAST THEM,
text: FROM THE INSIDE EDGE OF THE PORCH)
text: By the turn of her head, our eye is led across the scarified
text: clearing. We see the stunted cross and the overwhelming jungle
text: and, perhaps, a little of the chapel.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (really meaning it;
dialog: but very restrained
dialog: and prim)
dialog: It was very kind of you, Mr. Allnutt,
dialog: to think of the cross.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Shucks. Just seemed like he oughta
dialog: have one, him a Reverend 'n all.
text: Rose walks down the steps and towards the river. Allnutt
text: eagerly keeps pace. We SWING the CAMERA losing the grave,
text: and passing and losing the chapel, and centering them getting
text: smaller along the bare ground in the hot sunlight, bringing
text: in the river beyond them.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Careful now, Miss. Watch your step.
dialog: That's right.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT -- OF AFRICAN QUEEN AT ANCHOR (SHOOTING
text: PAST BOW) and keeping the noisy SOUND of the water. We pick
text: up Rose and Allnutt as Allnutt helps her aboard. In her long
text: and somewhat narrow skirt she is distinctly old-maidish.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (with the upward
dialog: English inflection --
dialog: a little as if he
dialog: had passed her a
dialog: teacup)
dialog: Thank -- you?
text: Allnutt steps aboard.
text: MEDIUM SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT Rose sits down at the rear
text: of the boat and looks around her. Her feet are drawn under
text: her and knees close together and hands lightly folded on her
text: knees (perhaps a lady's scrap of handkerchief in one hand),
text: as prim, genteel and ladylike as if, on a holiday afternoon,
text: she were about to be rowed across an artificial lake fifty
text: yards wide. And that is more or less the way she glances
text: about her in her new surroundings -- politely and
text: restrainedly, as if a little critical of a parlor somewhat
text: humbler than her own.
dialog: (This SHOT, at the very beginning of her voyage, is to be
text: quite touching, delicate and ironical, and through her very
text: genteelism and total unconcern for what she is up against --
text: an unawareness -- we begin already to sense her complete
dialog: intrepidity.)
text: Allnutt pauses to light up a cigarette before getting to
text: work. He hangs the cigarette inside his upper lip. This
text: cigarette, dead or alive, is a chronic fixture with Allnutt.
text: Allnutt kneels in the bottom of the boat and addresses himself
text: to the engine. He hauls out a panful of hot ashes and dumps
text: them overside with a sizzle and a splutter. He fills the
text: furnace with fresh wood from a pile beside him, and soon
text: smoke appears from the funnel, and we hear the ROAR of the
text: draught. The engine begins to sigh and splutter, and then
text: begins to leak gray pencils of steam. Allnutt peers at his
text: gauges, thrusts in some more wood, and then leaps forward
text: around the engine, displaying monkeyish agility in handling
text: more tasks than he quite has the hands or the stamina for.
text: With grunts and heaves of the small windlass, he hauls in
text: the anchor, the sweat pouring from him in rivers. We see
text: already that he is physically not a strong man.
text: Allnutt thrusts mightily at the muddy bank with a long pole,
text: snatches the pole on board again, and then rushes aft to the
dialog: tiller.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: 'Scuse me, Miss.
text: He sweeps her aside unceremoniously (she is astonished but
text: quickly reassembles herself) and he puts the tiller over
text: just in time to save the boat from running into the bank.
text: CAMERA IN on Rose, resettling her plumage, and on Allnutt at
text: the tiller. The river bank starts to swing in square to the
text: stern. Their eyes are past the CAMERA.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- (MOVING WITH BOAT) -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT Rose
text: is deeply sad and very tired, but a very quiet kind of
text: exhilaration is already growing in her; and still more
text: clearly, her calm and tremendous, unreflecting resoluteness
text: begins to show.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Mr. Allnutt.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Yerss...?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What are the chances of our getting
text: out through Limbasi on the railway
dialog: to the Coast?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: The railway was in German 'ands when
dialog: I was in Limbasi -- and by this time
dialog: Limbasi is too, I'll bet.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Then how do we get out, Mr. Allnutt?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: You got me, Miss.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: We've got 'eaps of grub 'ere, Miss,
dialog: so we're all right, far as that goes.
dialog: Two thousand cigarettes, two cases
dialog: of gin. We could find a good 'iding
dialog: place an' stay there for months if
dialog: we want to.
text: Rose's astonishment at this suggestion keeps her from
dialog: replying.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (rattling on)
dialog: I spose there's goin' to be a fight.
dialog: If our troops come from the sea,
dialog: they'll attack up the railway to
dialog: Limbasi, I spose. In that case, the
dialog: best thing we could do would be to
dialog: wait round down 'ere an' just go up
dialog: to Limbasi when the time came. -- On
dialog: the other 'and, they might come down
dialog: from British East, an' if they do
dialog: that we'd 'ave the Germans between
dialog: us and them all the time. Same if
dialog: they came from Rhodesia or Portuguese
dialog: East. We're in a bit of a fix,
dialog: whichever way y'look at it, Miss.
dialog: (abruptly)
dialog: Mind takin' the tiller, Miss?
text: Allnutt stands up and Rose takes over the tiller, holding
text: the iron rod resolutely. Allnutt goes to his engine and is
text: violently active once more. He pulls open the furnace door
text: and thrusts in a few sticks of fuel; then he scrambles up
text: into the bow and stands balanced on the cargo. The river is
text: studded with islands so that it appears as if there were a
dialog: dozen different channels.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Port a little, Miss.
text: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE She is confused by the command.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Pull it over this side, I mean. --
dialog: That's it! Steady!
text: MOVING SHOT -- THE LAUNCH The boat crawls up a narrow tunnel
dialog: of leaf and shade. (If color photography is used, the SHOT
text: would be startingly juicy and green -- many shades of green
text: reflected in rich brown water.)
text: Allnutt comes leaping back over the cargo and shuts off the
text: engine; the propeller stops vibrating.
text: Allnutt dashes into the bow again. Just as the trees (SHOOTING
text: PAST ROSE and her interest in it) begin apparently to move
text: forward again as the current overcomes the boat's way, he
text: lets go the anchor with a rattling CRASH, and almost without
text: a jerk the launch comes to a standstill.
text: A great silence seems to close in on them -- the silence of
text: a tropical river at noon. The only SOUND is the subdued rush
text: and gargle of the water. The sober air is filled with a
text: strange light -- a green light.
text: Allnutt turns from his work at the anchor. He and Rose look
text: about them and at each other, for a moment mysteriously
text: bemused by the stillness and by the beauty of the place. The
text: sudden quietness and the look of the place are richly
text: romantic; the two people are quieted by it, but they are
text: wholly unaware of any such potentiality between them. They
text: are just a couple of oddly assorted derelicts who hardly
dialog: even know each other, and don't care for what little they
dialog: know.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: So far so good. 'Ere we are safe an'
dialog: sound, as you might say.
text: (he beams upon his
dialog: surroundings)
dialog: Not too bad a spot, is it, Miss, to
dialog: sit a war out in? All the comforts
dialog: of 'ome, includin' runnin' water.
text: He laughs at his joke and is disappointed when Rose does not
dialog: join him.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'm afraid, Mr. Allnutt, that what
dialog: you suggest is quite impossible.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: 'Ave you got any ideas?
text: (he takes a map out
dialog: of his pocket and
dialog: hands it to her)
dialog: 'Ere's a map, Miss. Show me the way
dialog: out an' I'll take it.
text: Rose opens the map and starts studying it.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (after a while)
dialog: One thing sure; our men won't come
dialog: up from the Congo, not even if they
dialog: want to. They'd 'ave to cross the
dialog: lake, and nothin' won't cross the
text: lake while The Louisa is there.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (blankly)
dialog: The Louisa? What's that?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: It's an 'undred-ton German steamer,
dialog: Miss, and she's the boss o' the lake
dialog: 'cause she's got a six-pounder.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
text: A gun, Miss. The biggest gun in
dialog: Central Africa.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: If it wasn't for The Louisa, there
dialog: wouldn't be nothin' to it. The Germans
dialog: couldn't last a month if our men
dialog: could get across the lake... But all
dialog: this doesn't get us any nearer 'ome,
dialog: does it, Miss? Believe me, if I could
dialog: think wot we could do...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: This river, the Ulanga, runs into
dialog: the lake, doesn't it?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Well, Miss, it does; but if you was
dialog: thinkin' of goin' to the lake in
dialog: this launch -- well, you needn't
dialog: think about it any more. We can't
dialog: and that's certain.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
text: Rapids, Miss. Cataracts and gorges.
dialog: There's an 'undred miles of rapids
dialog: down there. Why, the river's even
dialog: got a different nyme where it comes
dialog: out on the lake to what it's called
dialog: up 'ere. It's the Bora down there.
dialog: No one knew they was the same river
dialog: until that chap Spengler --
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: He got down it. I remember.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Yes, Miss, in a dugout canoe. 'E 'ad
text: half a dozen Swahili paddlers. Map
dialog: makin', 'e was. In fact, that's 'is
dialog: map you're lookin' at. There's places
dialog: where this ole river goes shootin'
text: down there like out of a fire 'ose.
dialog: We couldn't never get this ole launch
dialog: through.
text: While he talks, Rose begins to look restive and vague, as
text: well as discouraged. By the time he is through, she has stood
text: up, CAMERA WITH HER; she hardly hears him. She strolls a
text: little aimlessly PAST THE CAMERA, which SWINGS TO CENTER HER
text: BACK as she walks forward. As if half in her sleep, she
text: sidesteps the engine.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE -- ROSE (SHOOTING FROM THE BOW) as Rose
text: sidesteps. She walks toward CAMERA into MEDIUM CLOSE UP,
text: eyes glazing with dreamlike concentration. She sees something
text: before and below her eye-level; stops, focusing on it.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- (FROM ROSE'S ANGLE) -- THE GELATINE CASES not
dialog: marked or labeled as such.
speaker_heading: ROSE'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Mr. Allnutt --
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Yes, Miss.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE -- (FROM ALLNUTT'S ANGLE)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What did you say is in these boxes
dialog: with the red lines on them?
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- (FROM ROSE'S ANGLE) lounging
dialog: and lazy.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: That's blastin' gelatine, Miss.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- ALLNUTT AND ROSE (SHOOTING FROM BOW)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (head towards him,
speaker_heading: away from CAMERA)
dialog: Isn't it dangerous?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Bless you, no, Miss, that's safety
dialog: stuff, that is. It can get wet and
dialog: not do any 'arm. If you set fire to
dialog: it, it just burns. You can 'it it
dialog: wiv an 'ammer and it won't go off --
dialog: at least I don't fink it will. It
text: takes a detonator to set it off.
dialog: I'll put it over the side if it
dialog: worries you though.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (sharply, yet absently
text: as she turns into
speaker_heading: CAMERA)
dialog: No. We may need it.
text: Allnutt keeps watching her idly, a little amused and very
text: slightly contemptuous. She wanders away from the boxes, eyes
text: downcast in thought, and pauses again.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (not looking up)
dialog: Mr. Allnutt --
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Yeah?
scene_heading: INSERT -- THE STEEL CYLINDERS IN BOTTOM OF BOAT
speaker_heading: ROSE'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: And what are these queer long round
dialog: things?
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- THE BOW -- (PAST ROSE -- ON ALLNUTT)
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Them's the oxygen and hydrogen
dialog: cylinders, Miss. Ain't no good to
dialog: us, though. Next time I shift cargo,
dialog: I'll dump 'em.
scene_heading: CLOSER SHOT -- ROSE
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (sharply, yet still
dialog: more subconsciously
dialog: and quietly than
dialog: before)
dialog: I wouldn't do that.
text: She keeps looking down at them, musingly, "subconsciously,"
text: while CAMERA CREEPS CLOSER to her.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: They look like -- like torpedoes.
text: "Torpedoes" is spoken over:
text: INSERT -- CYLINDERS -- a new and most deadly possible looking
dialog: SHOT of the cylinders.
text: STILL CLOSER SHOT -- ROSE Slowly she raises her eyes from
text: floor angle to normal; a wild light is dawning in her eyes.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (in the voice almost
dialog: of a medium)
dialog: Mr. Allnutt --
text: She turns very slowly towards him.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- (FROM ROSE'S ANGLE)
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (a little bit smug)
dialog: I'm still right here, Miss, and on a
dialog: thirty-foot boat there ain't much of
dialog: any place else I could be.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE -- (FROM ALLNUTT'S ANGLE) walking
text: slowly and somewhat portentously towards him.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (full of the wild
dialog: light)
dialog: You're a machinist, aren't you? Wasn't
dialog: that your position at the mine?
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- (FROM ROSE'S ANGLE)
text: CAMERA ADVANCING on him at Rose's pace, stopping, looking
text: down, during his last six or eight words.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (comfortably)
dialog: Yeah, kind of fixer. Jack of all
dialog: trades and master o' none, like they
dialog: say.
text: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE -- (FROM ALLNUTT'S ANGLE) disconcertingly
dialog: close.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Could you make a torpedo?
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Come again, Miss?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Could you make a torpedo.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: You don't really know what you're
dialog: askin', Miss. It's this way, you
dialog: see. A torpedo is a very complicated
dialog: piece of machinery what with
dialog: gyroscopes an' compressed air chambers
dialog: an' vertical and horizontal rudders
dialog: an' compensating weights. Why, a
dialog: torpedo costs at least a thousand
dialog: pounds to make.
text: He relaxes; his manner is "The State Rests."
text: SWING CAMERA to center Rose, still perched on the gunwale.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (after a short pause;
dialog: unperturbed)
dialog: But all those things, those gyroscopes
dialog: and things, they're only to make it
dialog: go, aren't they?
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- (NEUTRAL ANGLE)
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Uh-huh. Go -- and hit what it's goin'
dialog: after.
speaker_heading: ROSE -- (AS BEFORE)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (at the height of her
dialog: inventiveness; the
text: words triumphant and
dialog: almost stumbling out)
dialog: Well! We've got The African Queen.
text: She stands up with these words, CAMERA RISING with her,
text: SHOOTING FROM A LITTLE BELOW; her eager eyes are constantly
dialog: on Allnutt.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: If we put this -- this blasting stuff --
text: in the front of the boat here -- and
dialog: a -- what did you say -- deno --
dialog: detonator there, why that would be a
dialog: torpedo, wouldn't it?
text: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT looking up at her, greatly amused,
text: almost sardonically admiring her.
speaker_heading: ROSE'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Those cylinders. They could stick
dialog: out over the end, with that gunpowder
text: stuff in them and the detonator in
text: the tips where the taps are.
speaker_heading: ROSE -- (AS BEFORE)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Then if we ran the boat against the
dialog: side of a ship, they'd -- well, they'd
text: go off, just like a torpedo.
dialog: (somewhat doubtfully,
dialog: in a return to her
dialog: submissive feminine
dialog: habit)
dialog: Wouldn't they?
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (tremendously amused;
dialog: gravely)
dialog: That might work.
dialog: (humoring her along,
dialog: and a little taken
dialog: in by his own fondness
dialog: for makeshift)
dialog: Them cylinders'd do right enough. I
dialog: could let the gas out of 'em and
dialog: fill 'em up with the gelignite. I
dialog: could fix up a detonator all right.
dialog: Revolver cartridge'd do.
dialog: (warming up to it, as
dialog: an impossible project)
dialog: Why, sure, we could cut 'oles in the
dialog: bows of the launch, and 'ave the
text: cylinders stickin' out through them,
dialog: so's to get the explosion near the
dialog: water. Might turn the trick. But
dialog: what would 'appen to us? It would
dialog: blow this ole launch and us and
dialog: everything all to Kingdom come.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I wasn't thinking that we should be
dialog: in the launch. Couldn't we get
dialog: everything ready and have a -- what
dialog: do you call it -- a good head of
text: steam up and point the launch toward
text: the ship and then dive off before it
dialog: hit? Wouldn't that do?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Might work, Miss. But what are we
dialog: talkin' about, anyway. There ain't
dialog: nothin' to torpedo. 'Cause The African
dialog: Queen's the only boat on the river.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh, yes there is.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Is what?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Something to torpedo.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: An' what's that, Miss?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: The Louisa.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (on mention of The
text: Louisa, a blank,
text: silent stare of mock
dialog: amazement. Then,
dialog: patiently)
dialog: Don't talk silly, Miss. You can't do
dialog: that. Honest you can't. I told you
dialog: before we can't get down the river.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Spengler did.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: In a canoe, Miss!
text: Rose looks stubborn.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: If a German did it, we can, too.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Not in no launch. We wouldn't 'ave a
dialog: prayer.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: How do you know? You've never tried.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Never tried shootin' myself through
dialog: the 'ead, neither.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Trouble with you is, you just don't
dialog: know nothin' about boats, or water.
text: A pause. They look at each other, Rose much more fixedly and
dialog: searchingly than Allnutt
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: In other words, you are refusing to
dialog: help your country in her hour of
dialog: need, Mr. Allnutt?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I didn't say that.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well then --!
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (sighs deeply)
dialog: 'Ave it your own way, Miss -- only
dialog: don't blame me, that's all.
text: Allnutt stands perplexed and inarticulate, his cigarette
text: drooping from his upper lip. His wandering gaze strays from
text: Rose's feet, up her white drill frock to her face; he starts
text: slightly at her implacable expression.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Very well, let's get started.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: What! Now, Miss?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Yes, now. Come along.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: There isn't two hours of daylight
dialog: left, Miss.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We can go a long way in two hours.
text: Allnutt starts to speak; refrains; limps over to windlass
text: and raises the anchor. Rose watches him. CAMERA PANS after
text: The African Queen as Allnutt backs her out into the channel,
text: then turns her nose downstream.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT AND ROSE
text: He is at the tiller -- back to CAMERA; Rose, standing looking
text: downstream. The Mission clearing on the bank, which they now
text: approach, is unobserved by both of them. Presently pencils
text: of steam begin coming out of the engine. Allnutt, feeling
text: that it requires his attention, signals to Rose, who takes
text: his place at the tiller. Allnutt goes to the engine and begins
dialog: to tinker.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- ALLNUTT -- (ROSE IN B.G.)
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: A lot o' the time I'm going to 'ave
dialog: more than enough to do, keepin' the
dialog: ole engine goin.' So you might as
dialog: well start learnin' to steer right
dialog: now.
text: Rose nods. Her hand takes a firmer, more authoritative hold
text: on the tiller.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: She ain't no one-man boat, the Queen.
text: Not in the shape she's in.
text: Rose again shifts her hand a little; and she sits up very
text: straight with her new sense of responsibility.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Know port from starboard, Miss?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I've heard of them.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Well, that's port --
dialog: (gesturing)
dialog: -- an' that's starboard.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Isn't that a bit -- well, silly? Why
dialog: not just say left and right?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Well, spose yer facin' the other way
dialog: in the boat an' I say "to the left."
dialog: You might think I meant to your left,
dialog: see, an' move to starboard. It's the
dialog: boat ya gotta think of, see? So port's
dialog: always that side --
dialog: (gesturing)
dialog: -- an' starboard, that -- an'
dialog: forrard's always up there an' aft is
dialog: where we are right now -- no matter
dialog: what way we're turned around or the
text: boat is headed.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Why yes, I see. It's really quite --
dialog: sensible, isn't it?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Uh huh. Okay. Now go easy, Miss --
text: light on the tiller. Now steer her
text: just a little to starboard.
text: Rose puts the tiller to starboard; the launch swerves a little
text: to port. She looks at Allnutt, bewildered. Allnutt is quietly
dialog: amused.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Okay, Miss, just straighten her out
dialog: again.
dialog: (using flat hands to
dialog: demonstrate)
dialog: Now looky here. Here's yer tiller.
dialog: (he extends his right
dialog: hand)
dialog: Here's yer rudder.
dialog: (he extends his left
dialog: hand, below and beyond
dialog: his right)
text: They're joined. Tiller sets the
text: rudder, rudder steers the boat.
text: (he slants both hands
dialog: rigidly to one side)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Oh, I see!
text: Rose lifts her own hand from the tiller to show; the boat
text: yaws abruptly.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Tiller, Miss!
text: Rose, startled, grabs the tiller and rights her course.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (blushing)
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: 'S all right, just don't never do
dialog: that, 's all.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Why, the water -- well -- pushes
text: against the rudder, where it turns,
text: and -- sort of drags the boat that
dialog: way. Turns it.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: You're catchin' on fine, Miss.
text: Rose looks as pleased as if she had personally invented the
dialog: rudder.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
text: Now a little to starboard, Miss.
dialog: Easy now.
dialog: (Rose does it right)
dialog: Fine. Now a little to port.
dialog: (Rose does it right)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Is that all there is to it?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Well, ya gotta know how to read the
dialog: river.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Read?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Ya gotta know the water an' what's
dialog: under it, that ya gotta steer clear
dialog: of.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Steer clear of. Why, that's where
dialog: that expression comes from.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (uninterested)
dialog: Uh huh. Mostly ya can tell it by the
dialog: surface o' the water. Now ya see
dialog: that long thing out there like a "V"
dialog: kinda?
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- ACROSS THE LINE
text: a long, quiet "V" on the water.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: That always means a snag. Limb
dialog: stickin' up from a dead tree; likes
dialog: o' that.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Stay off them "Vs," they're murder.
text: Rose looks very seriously, almost reprimandingly, towards
dialog: the "V."
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- A DIFFERENT PART OF THE RIVER
text: The higher light shows it is later in the morning. In the
text: distance, past smooth water, a choppy patch.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Now all that little choppin', them's
dialog: shallas, Miss.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ALLNUTT AND ROSE
text: Rose's eyes move from the shallows to steering; she shifts
text: course a little, and a long "V" trails past.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- FORWARD ALONG THE BOAT
text: as she resets her course.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: her eyes to starboard. Again the light is later. Rose's face
text: is a shade more pleased and in bloom than before.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: What's that queer flat place, Mr.
dialog: Allnutt?
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT -- ANOTHER PART OF THE RIVER
text: at medium distance off starboard bow, an odd flat turbulence
dialog: in otherwise easy water.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: That's a rock. An' it ain't only a
text: few inches under water. The Queen's
dialog: got a shalla draft, an' that's where
dialog: we're lucky. 'Cause anythin' ya can't
dialog: read on the surface, we're safe to
dialog: go right over it.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT -- (HIGHER LIGHT)
text: The BEAT of the engine alters a little.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Only thing to worry us is much of a
dialog: breeze. I reckon you know why.
text: The BEAT of the engine alters still more.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It makes us -- it -- pushes the boat
dialog: around?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Naw. It chops the water so --
text: He rushes forward to the engine.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- THE ENGINE -- ALLNUTT
text: starts rapping the boiler's safety-valve smartly with a
text: wrench. After a few socks, it blows off steam.
scene_heading: WIDE SHOT -- THE AFRICAN QUEEN
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (loud, over his
dialog: shoulder, while steam
dialog: blows off)
dialog: Chops it up so bad ya can't see no
dialog: signs to warn ya.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Oh. Of course.
text: Allnutt is intently busy at the feed pump -- this time, a
text: brief operation. Rose watches him out; he does a little
text: refueling. (Wood is piled high in the waist now, drying in
dialog: the sun.)
scene_heading: (NOTE: From here on until indicated, no TWO SHOTS. Allnutt
text: is amidship, in hot sunlight; Rose, at stern, in cool, breezy
dialog: shadow of awning.)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What was the matter, Mr. Allnutt?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Feed pump choked. An' one o' my boys
dialog: dropped sumpin in the safety valve;
dialog: can't count on it, ya gotta hit it.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What happens when the feed pump
dialog: chokes?
text: He finishes fueling and sits down and dries his sweat.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Whole boiler can blow up. Specially
dialog: the shape she's in. This water's
dialog: awful muddy. Rots the tubes, plugs
dialog: 'em up with scale. 'Sides that, the
dialog: pressure gauge is kinda on the blink.
dialog: Can't count on it fer sure, but ya
dialog: can't forget it, neither. Bring 'er
dialog: higher'n fifteen pound, the whole
dialog: engine starts fallin' apart. An'
dialog: much less'n that, she quits. Oh,
dialog: come to think of it. Know why I got
dialog: to keep the engine goin'?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Why, so we can go, of course.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: That ain't wot I mean.
text: Rose looks blank, and interested.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: 'Cause if the engine dies ya ain't
dialog: got enough --
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh. The water doesn't push against
dialog: the rudder hard enough to --
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (nodding approvingly)
dialog: That's right. No steerage-way. An'
dialog: in bad water that's life or death.
text: Rose looks at him, for the first time aware that he is as
dialog: important to navigation as she is.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: If you steer wrong we're goners; if
dialog: I let the engine die, we're goners,
dialog: too.
text: He adds another couple of pieces of wood. Rose nods, and
text: takes on both a sense of dignity and a sense of
dialog: interdependence.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: Oh, she's fulla tricks, this ole
dialog: engine. Even the fuelin'. Ya gotta
dialog: fuel 'er light an' steady, keep the
dialog: pressure right. An' that ain't so
dialog: easy as it sounds, Miss. 'Cause wood
dialog: makes an awful lotta ash an' chokes
dialog: yer draft. Ya gotta plan it all very
dialog: careful. Empty the ash pan, ya gotta
dialog: figure 'ow it'll change yer draft.
dialog: Ya got 'alf a dozen different kinds
dialog: o' wood an' every one burns different.
dialog: Got to figure on wot the heat o' the
dialog: sun does to the boiler, different
dialog: times o' day. An' that safety valve.
dialog: An' the water pipes keep springin'
dialog: leaks, an' the water gauge just works
dialog: when she's a mind to.
dialog: (he looks over the
dialog: whole engine with
dialog: affection)
dialog: You got to know 'ow she's feelin',
dialog: Miss -- keep a step ahead of 'er.
dialog: Right now she's got 'er best foot
dialog: forrard 'cause there's a stranger
dialog: aboard. But don't be took in, Miss.
dialog: Wait till you see 'er in a mean
dialog: streak.
text: He puts on a little more fuel, and lights a cigarette.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- THE BOILER AND ENGINE HEAD-ON
text: like an altar. Allnutt lounges in one side of the SHOT like
text: an acolyte, and quietly watches toward Rose, steering.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: steering. There is something regal about the way she sits
text: holding the tiller, as though it were a scepter.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIVER -- TWILIGHT
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT -- THE PROW OF THE LAUNCH
text: as it noses upstream along a narrow channel. A swerve and a
text: steadying; the prow advances into MEDIUM CLOSE UP; the anchor
text: starts to drop. Before it hits the water:
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- THE FA?ADE OF THE ENGINE
text: with SPLASH and RATTLE of anchor and chain o.s., as Allnutt
text: rushes into the SHOT and shuts off steam. The pencils of
text: steam abruptly fade and drift.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: standing very attentively. PAST HIM, a wall of leaves shows
text: that the boat, after a couple of inches of drift, stops
text: gently. He still stands attentive, as if he were listening
text: in the abrupt new silence. He is much more grimy and sweaty
dialog: than before.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: It's 'ot work, ain't it, Miss? I
dialog: could do with a drink.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
text: He goes to the locker beside Rose, produces two dirty enamel
text: cups. Watching him, Rose frowns slightly. Then, from under
text: the bench he drags out a wooden case. From the case he brings
text: out a bottle. He opens the bottle, proceeds to pour a liberal
text: portion into one of the cups.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: watching with a kind of fascination.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: as he makes a movement with the bottle toward the second
dialog: cup.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: 'Ave one, Miss?
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (horrified whisper)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Gin, Miss. And there's only river
dialog: water to drink it with.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (appalled)
dialog: No!
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE UP OF ALLNUTT -- (ROSE'S VIEWPOINT)
text: He dips the empty mug overside. He turns back straight and,
text: with care, decants the water into the gin.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: She is in conflict between her intensifying fascination, and
text: her sense of actually watching something forbidden and even
text: outrageous. Impulses play through her, covertly suggested in
dialog: her face, to protest, to appeal to his better nature, even
text: to snatch the drink from him. And now a new shading enters
text: her face. All she has seen up to now as mere preparation for
text: sin: now she is witnessing Sin itself. Something related to
text: fear begins to enter her face.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- (FROM ROSE'S ANGLE)
text: He slaps casually at a mosquito, and lifts the mug for a
dialog: second swig.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: eyes still more fixed, fascinated and full of wild doubts
dialog: and suppositions.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- (FROM ROSE'S ANGLE)
text: Allnutt lowers the mug. Happier now than before, he glances
text: at Rose in an impersonal way; looks away; looks back in doubt
text: at her, mildly puzzled by what he sees, but not interested.
scene_heading: STILL CLOSER SHOT -- ROSE
text: as she watches him very sharp. She is puzzled by how quiet
text: and peaceable he is, but she knows better than to trust him.
text: She is waiting for the trouble she is sure is bound to come. -
text: o.s., Allnutt hiccups slightly. She tightens and withdraws a
text: little more, then comes to a standstill.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT (FROM ROSE'S VIEWPOINT)
text: He looks up again, a little more puzzled.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Somethin' the matter, Miss?
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (shortly)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT -- (AS BEFORE)
text: Still a bit puzzled, he raises his mug and finishes his drink
dialog: off. Across this nice, long drink:
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
text: Rose's whole body and posture is as withdrawn, pinched and
text: tense as her face.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (setting down his cup)
dialog: Now, Miss, 'ow 'bout some tea?
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: By the way she lets out a long, long-held breath, we realize
text: for the first time the extremity of tension she has been
dialog: under.
text: PULL AWAY to INCLUDE ALLNUTT, as Rose relaxes all over, all
text: but trembling, between relief and her ravenous need for tea.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (able to speak now)
dialog: Ohhh! Yes!
text: CAMERA PANS with Allnutt as he goes over to the boiler. He
text: draws hot water into the two cups, then places them on the
text: bench before her and makes tea.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (stirring)
dialog: 'Course it tastes a bit rusty, but
dialog: you can't 'ave everything.
dialog: (a little formally)
dialog: Sugar, Miss?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (also a little formally)
dialog: 'k you?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (a little bit caught
dialog: by her tea-party
dialog: manner; bashfully)
dialog: don't mention it.
text: Allnutt brings out a lantern and lights it. They both drink.
text: She takes a ladylike trial sip; then really guzzles as never
text: before. Sweat starts out on her forehead and she shuts her
text: eyes. Across her bringing down the cup:
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (in a tea-wet voice,
dialog: more relaxed and
dialog: female than at any
dialog: time before)
dialog: It's simply delicious!
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (surprised, and
dialog: somewhat pleased)
dialog: Not 'alf bad, is it!
text: He tastes his again. Living to himself, he has not been much
dialog: interested in taste and such.
text: Rose sets down her cup and, angling her sharp, long-sleeved
text: elbows high, extracts a long pin from her hat, lays it beside
text: her and lifts the big, dark hat from her head and lays that
text: beside her too, and carefully thrusts the pin back into the
text: hat and briefly tidies her tight hair. Then, picking up her
text: cup again, she drains the last of her tea.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (holding out her cup)
dialog: If you please?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Right.
dialog: (he starts the business
dialog: of making tea again)
dialog: 'Ow long you been out 'ere, Miss?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Almost ten years.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: You're from the midlands, ain't you?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Manchester.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Ever get 'omesick?
text: He goes over and gets crackers and tinned meat out of the
dialog: locker.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Every day of my life.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I'd give my eye teeth to be back on
dialog: a Saturday night, rubbin' elbows
dialog: like they say -- all the jostlin'
dialog: an' the noise an' the music -- ain't
dialog: nothin' can touch it for cheering a
dialog: chap up.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It's always Sunday afternoons I think
dialog: of -- the peace and quiet.
text: They are eating the meat and crackers as they talk.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I don't remember very much about the
dialog: Sundays. I was always sleeping it
dialog: off.
text: They finish eating. For a few seconds they listen to the
text: quiet soliloquy of the water.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Didn't see no crocodiles in this
dialog: arm, Miss, did you?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Crocodiles? No.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: No shallas for 'em here. An' current's
dialog: too fast.
text: (he coughs, a little
dialog: self-consciously)
dialog: I could do with a bath, 'fore supper.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (spontaneous,
dialog: unconsidered)
dialog: I'd like one too.
text: She is a little surprised at herself, but not troubled.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: I'll go up in the bows an' hang onto
dialog: the anchor chain. You just stay back
dialog: 'ere an' do what you like to, Miss.
dialog: Then, if we don't look, it won't
dialog: matter.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: She is semi-aware of a change in herself, but still
text: irresistibly spontaneous.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Very well.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- (PAST ROSE)
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: Very well, Mr. Allnutt.
text: He walks towards the bow, sidestepping the engine. Bring up
text: SOUND of water a little.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE -- ROSE
text: Rose looks after him, checking the six-inch width of the
text: funnel which will stand between them; not much concerned.
text: While she watches, she is undoing her dress at its cuffs and
text: at its high neck. She stands and takes it off over her head
text: with a voluminous motion. She starts to remove an undergarment
text: and hesitates, frowning a little; compresses her lips and,
text: clearly, decides not to remove the garment.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- THE FUNNEL
text: centered, in the lamplight. The water SOUND rises another
text: fraction; other SOUNDS fade a little.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE'S FEET IN THE WATER --
text: not more than shin-deep. (She is sitting on the gunwale.)
text: The water distorts and drives and sways them a little and
text: she is moving them gently.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- ROSE (HEAD AND SHOULDERS)
text: Her head bent forward, she is watching and quietly enjoying
text: her feet in the water.
text: There is a little NOISE o.s.; her eyes slip a little in the
text: direction of the bow.
scene_heading: TAIL-OF-THE-EYE SHOT -- PAST ENGINE AND FUNNEL
text: A dim grayish-white shape lowers itself over the bow.
speaker_heading: ROSE -- (AS BEFORE)
text: eyes not too quickly forward. She is not shocked, excited,
text: or self-conscious; just calmly interested. (o.s., prodigious
text: KICKINGS and SPLASHINGS and WHOOSHINGS as Allnutt takes his
text: bath.) Slowly her head goes lower in the SHOT and her head
text: and shoulders begin to twist as she turns to cling to the
text: gunwale. Bring up WATER SOUND a little. As she lets her body
text: loose into the water, CAMERA SWINGS loose along it; it is
text: clear as she lengthens out and submerges that she is wearing
text: bloomers and camisole.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE'S FACE -- (PAST HER HANDS)
text: clinging to the low, stern gunwale, as her arms stretch.
text: There is a deep and delicate sensuous enjoyment in her face;
text: her body lifts out full length behind her, a dim and water-
text: addled blur. Then she pulls herself up towards the boat as
text: strongly as she can; her wet, strapped shoulders rise, and
text: one elbow clamps over the gunwale.
scene_heading: VERTICAL INSERT -- SUITCASE
text: Over SOUNDS of her vigorous drying o.s., the insect- and
text: moisture-proof tin suitcase or box in which Rose has packed
text: all her worldly goods. It is open. By lantern light some of
text: its contents are visible; a few garments and undergarments,
text: neatly folded; her prayer- or service-book and her Bible;
text: and a group photograph of Rose and Brother and their family,
text: in which the intention is to anchor Rose deep in English
text: puritanism. Perhaps eight seconds are allowed for a look at
text: this photograph; then Rose's thin, cleansed hands lay in the
text: dark dress in which she began this voyage; it is neatly
dialog: folded; it covers not only the picture but also the religious
dialog: books.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: Her head emerges from the white drill dress into which she
text: is shuffling herself; the head, with its slightly dampened
text: hair (which is still pinned up, but strands are loose) looks
text: so refreshed and integrated in the lantern light that it is
text: as if it were brand new. With somewhat freer motions than
text: she has made before, she pulls, straightens and pats the
text: dress, and buttons it at the bosom.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Are you ready, Miss?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes.
text: She glances past her shoulder towards him as she wrings out
text: a damp undergarment, overside. Allnutt comes past the engine
text: out of the shadows, into SHOT, carrying a couple of rolled
dialog: rugs.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: You better sleep 'ere under the
dialog: awnin', Miss, 'case it rains. 'Ere's
dialog: a coupla rugs. There ain't no fleas
dialog: in 'em.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Where will you sleep?
text: He unrolls a rug and spreads it on the bottom of the boat as
text: he talks.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Forrard, Miss. I can fix up a sorta
dialog: bed outa them cases.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: The -- explosives?
text: He spreads the other rug.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Sure, Miss. Won't do 'em no 'arm.
text: The idea is queer to Rose, but everything is now.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (a little curtly)
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Be sure you cover up good. Gets a
text: bit chilly on the river, towards
dialog: mornin'.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: All right.
text: Allnutt returns into the bow. SWING and HOLD CAMERA a couple
text: of seconds on the shadows; he is vaguely visible and there
text: are the SOUNDS of his arranging the gelatine cases.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: finishing her hair into the second of two short, tight braids.
text: She reaches into the tin box and under the dark dress and
text: brings out the folded spare clothing. SOUND of the picture
text: rattling against the bottom. With one hand she puts her hat
text: and her comb in on top. She closes the box. HOLD on the closed
text: box a moment.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE -- (ANOTHER ANGLE)
text: On one rug and beneath another, in her dress, Rose arranges
text: the spare clothes as a pillow and settles her head; from the
text: instant it settles she is immensely but not unhappily tired.
text: Over Allnutt's line, o.s., her eyes focus and follow his
text: sentence, sleepily in the lantern light.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: I'll turn out the light if you're
dialog: ready, Miss.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Quite ready.
text: The light on her face begins to dwindle.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- (FROM HER ANGLE)
text: at the lantern. He turns it down. He neither looks at Rose
dialog: nor takes squeamish care not to.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
text: (quietly, impersonally,
dialog: when the light is
dialog: very low)
dialog: 'Night Miss.
speaker_heading: ROSE -- (AS BEFORE)
text: in the lowered light.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (as quietly and
dialog: impersonally)
dialog: Good night, Mr. Allnutt.
text: o.s., the SOUND of his blowing out the lantern; darkness.
text: The darkness is almost total for a second; then there is
text: faint visibility. o.s., very subdued, the brief SOUNDS of
text: Allnutt's settling-down; then silence from him.
text: Deeply subdued, the SOUNDS of water slowly dwindle and die
text: entirely, and Rose's eyes are closed. Her mouth softens a
text: little and opens a little; in sleep her face is even more
text: deeply virginal than when she is awake. But now in her sleep
text: one hand moves up to her throat and slips inside her dress,
text: next the skin.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: in a similar hovering SHOT, asleep in his nest of explosives-
text: boxes. He is not snoring, but with each exhalation his lips
text: blow out lightly, with a small SOUND of "Puhhh" -- "Puhhh..."
text: In his sleep, comfortably, his fumbling hand scratches his
text: haunch. There is no sound of water.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ACROSS TOP OF AWNING -- (NIGHT)
text: It is raining, quietly but firmly.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- VERTICAL -- OVER ALLNUTT
text: It is raining into his face. Not quite waking, he pulls his
text: blanket over his face.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- VERTICAL -- ALLNUTT'S FEET
text: as the pulled-up blanket exposes them to the quietly
text: increasing rain. They pull up under the blanket like a touched
text: snail into its shell.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT'S FACE
text: He is peering disconsolately from under the torn blanket.
text: The rain is increasing. He glances aft.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- FULL-LENGTH
text: The rain is bristling meanly all over the hunched blanket;
text: he gets up, wrapping it around him, and walks past CAMERA.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- (PAST ROSE)
text: He comes in under the leaky awning and on into a
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: as he comes under the awning as quietly as he can, clearly
text: trying not to wake up Rose. He lies down beside her, CAMERA
text: TILTING and bringing ROSE IN CLOSE UP, and rising into
text: VERTICAL TWO SHOT above them.
text: Rose is asleep. He is being just as discreet and careful as
dialog: he can, but the margin of dryness is narrow; in avoidance of
text: leakiness, and efforts to settle himself comfortably, he
text: jostles her awake. She wakes up, facing him (his head and
text: body are turned from her) and instantly assumes the worst of
text: him. In profound shock and outrage, she sits up and clutches
text: her rug about her -- though she is wearing a dress.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Mr. Allnutt!
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (turning, murmuring)
dialog: Sorry I woke you, Miss.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (across his line; her
dialog: eyes cold blaze)
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: He meets her eyes and understands what she thinks of him. He
text: is very much astonished and embarrassed.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Blimey, Miss!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (measuring her words,
dialog: with her really
dialog: terrifying quiet
dialog: anger)
dialog: Get out -- this instant!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: He feels an explanation is hopeless and is beyond words
text: anyhow. He gets up out of the SHOT.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: settling down prostrate again. Her eyes follow him in cold
dialog: fury.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- (FROM HER VIEWPOINT)
text: as he walks humbly out into the rain.
text: A splendid outburst of THUNDER and LIGHTNING blinds and
text: deafens the SCREEN, and the rain really cuts loose.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: The thunderbolt makes her leap like a salmon; spray from the
text: rain gets at her face, even under the awning. Now she
dialog: understands and she is a bit embarrassed and sorry; her
text: changed eyes look at Allnutt.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- (FROM HER VIEWPOINT)
text: He is sitting, hunched, in the open, patiently adjusting the
text: blanket over his head. He is facing away from her.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Mr. Allnutt.
text: Her voice is barely audible in smashing rain. He does not
dialog: hear.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (calling loudly)
dialog: Mr. Allnutt!
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- (FROM HER VIEWPOINT)
text: He turns his head sadly towards her.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (loud, o.s.)
dialog: You may come in out of the rain, Mr.
dialog: Allnutt!
text: He looks unsure of himself, but gets up and comes towards
text: her. He stumbles against an awning stanchion and gets a
text: cataract down his neck and comes along under the profusely
text: leaky awning towards Rose, stooping, then lying down and
text: adjusting his bedding; he is whimpering gently.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Thanks, Miss.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE -- (PAST ALLNUTT)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Certainly, Mr. Allnutt.
scene_heading: VERTICAL TWO SHOT -- ALLNUTT AND ROSE
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Miss...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes, Mr. Allnutt?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Sorry I give you such a turn.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: That's quite all right, Mr. Allnutt.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Thanks, Miss. Night.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Goodnight, Mr. Allnutt.
text: He turns away from her and tries to make himself comfortable.
text: A quick drop-drip-dropping of water starts directly into his
text: face. He miserably pulls his head out of the way and it drops
text: loudly onto the boards beside him. Back to her, Allnutt
text: huddles into the dry space, doing his best not to touch her,
dialog: yet to stay dry.
text: As CAMERA DESCENDS INTO CLOSE UP OF BOTH, he has already
text: dropped off. Upon one elbow she hovers over him, watching
text: him, with a strange cool virginal tenderness. Splatterings
text: of rain which have hit the bench above them, spray his
text: sleeping face. Gently but inhumanly, as if he were an ugly
text: little doll, she draws a corner of her rug across him, to
dialog: protect him.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT -- THE AFRICAN QUEEN
text: moving down the river. The water is almost painfully bright
text: in the midday sun.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: at the tiller. There is a new shading of pleasure and
text: confidence in her expression. She is almost smiling.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: in the killing sunlight, and beside the devastating heat of
text: fire and boiler (an extreme shimmering of heat waves); he is
text: half-drowned in sweat, yet his face is unconcerned as he
dialog: oils the cylinders.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What a frightfully strong smell,
dialog: isn't it! I suppose it's bound to be
text: at its worst in the middle of the
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: What smell?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: The river. I never realized before
dialog: how very strongly it smells.
text: Allnutt sniffs at it, curiously.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Hmm. So it does, now I notice it.
dialog: Guess I'm on the water so much, I
dialog: forget all about it.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It's like marigolds. Stale ones.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (tries again)
dialog: Don't guess I ever smelt no marigolds.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, they smell just like this.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Do, huh? Not a very good smell for a
dialog: flower.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: They're very pretty, though.
dialog: Marigolds.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Are, eh?
text: He puts on some more fuel. o.s., a NOISE of soft ROARING
text: begins. Allnutt's eyes hear it and look mean and happy; he
text: starts aft.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
text: as he sits down, with cruel and secret pleasure, the ROAR
text: loudens.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Mr. Allnutt.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (all innocence)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What is that roaring sound?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (licking his chops)
dialog: Oh, that? Rapids, Miss.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Really? So soon?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
text: Just around the bend.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Kind of dangerous.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: P'raps I better take over, Miss.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You be ready to -- but I'd like to
dialog: try it.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (gloating)
dialog: Well -- maybe that's a good idear at
dialog: that, Miss.
dialog: (malicious)
dialog: Learn by doin', like they say.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- THE RAPIDS
text: Shooting against the prow of The African Queen, which is
text: charging downstream quite rapidly. The NOISE of water is
text: joltingly louder.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- ALLNUTT
text: Past him, wild water, rocks, a swiftly moving, ragged shore.
text: He is pretending to tinker with the engine, in order to leave
text: Rose alone with her fear. He is a little scared, knowing
dialog: that Rose is a neophyte at steering and being a woman, may
dialog: get rattled -- but mainly he is feeling fine -- by God,
dialog: this'll big rapids. He takes time off for a quick glance
text: back at her (o.s.); turning back to his tinkering, his face
text: is even more satisfied.
scene_heading: ROSE -- MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- (FROM HIS ANGLE)
text: Her face is extraordinarily chiseled and tense; her eyes are
text: hard as diamonds. We can easily suppose her expression to be
text: one of cold terror, as Allnutt does.
speaker_heading: NOTE:
text: This SCENE is to last about thirty seconds. The rapids are
dialog: to be rough enough to excite and to give a considerable sense
dialog: of hazard, but they are mild compared to what will be seen
text: later on. A fair amount of the SCENE is just racing through
text: loud, ragged water, but there are to be perhaps three real
dialog: hazards. They might, for instance, be: the two rocks the
text: scene opens with; a buried rock, just spotted and avoided in
text: the nick of time, scaring the daylights out of Allnutt and
text: tightening Rose's face still more into this simulacrum of
text: fear (he is comforted out of his own fears, seeing this face);
text: and, caught between rocks, jutting into their only available
text: channel, a large jagged tree-limb, bony-looking as antlers.
text: There's no way out: Rose drives dead against it with an
dialog: instinct for the angle which will bring against it the most
text: powerful leverage: it hits hard and there is a tremendous
text: NOISE of CRACKING and BREAKAGE. Within another couple of
text: seconds they are in quieter water; within a couple more, the
text: water is almost normal, the ROAR is fading. The boat has
text: slowed down. The ENGINE SOUND is near normal balance; Rose
text: distinctly relaxes, and sits down; Allnutt relaxes at his
text: tinkering, and finishes it off with a bit of a flourish.
text: (From the breaking of the branches, SHOOT FROM AMIDSHIPS,
dialog: sternward, on Rose past Allnutt.)
text: While he stands, back to Rose, finishing his tinkering,
text: Allnutt looks happy as a clam and thoroughly smug.
text: Everything's the way he wants it, now. He checks his gauges,
text: o.s., and turns away, and strolls back towards Rose with
text: something of a swagger.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
text: as Allnutt seats himself a little too smugly on the sternbench
text: at right angle to Rose. He sizes her up for a couple of
text: seconds, greatly relishing the moment.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (quietly gloating)
dialog: Well, Miss, had enough?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Enough? Of what, Mr. Allnutt?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: White water. Rapids. Now ya got a
dialog: taste of it, how d'ya like it? Huh?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Very much indeed.
dialog: (Allnutt's eyes change;
text: his mouth falls open
dialog: a little)
dialog: I'd never dreamed that any -- any
dialog: mere -- er -- physical experience
dialog: could be so -- so stimulating.
text: He just keeps looking at her. He begins to need a cigarette.
text: Without taking his eyes off her he gets one out. Rose is
text: quite unaware of what she is doing to Allnutt -- much
text: friendlier in her tone than ever before.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (fishing up the mot
dialog: juste)
dialog: So -- exhilarating.
text: Allnutt puts the cigarette between his lips, and gets out a
text: match; he is still watching her; every moment, he is more
text: and more deeply aghast.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I notice that near rocks, the water
text: seems to push away from the rock.
dialog: One must take that into account in
dialog: steering, mustn't one?
text: Allnutt scratches a match; it fails to light. He gets another.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You know, I've only known such --
dialog: excitement a few times before.
text: His look inquires of her. He gets a match lighted.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: A few times, in my dear Brother's
dialog: sermons, when the Spirit was really
text: upon him.
text: Allnutt raises the match to light his cigarette. His eyes
text: leave hers for the lighting. His eyes look bruised and sick;
text: his hands are shaking. He stands up, in quiet desperation,
text: to beat it into her thick head.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Tell me, Mr. Allnutt.
text: He looks up at her hopelessly.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (just managing to
dialog: shape the sound)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I steered rather well for a beginner,
dialog: didn't I?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (without spirit)
dialog: Not so bad, Miss, considerin'. But
dialog: that wasn't such bad water -- nothin'
dialog: compared to what's farther on.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I can hardly wait!
dialog: (Allnutt looks as if
dialog: he could wait quite
dialog: a while. A pause)
dialog: Now that I've had a taste of it I
dialog: don't wonder you love boating!
text: He gives her one last flabbergasted, hopeless look, wheels
text: abruptly and walks away -- CAMERA SWINGING, losing Rose --
text: and sits near the engine, turned away from her, looking
text: crumpled and beaten. He is still shaking his head. o.s.,
text: blithely, Rose hums the opening bars of Guide Me, O Thou
dialog: Great Jehovah.
text: Allnutt shifts a little as if to look at her; hasn't the
text: heart to; shudders faintly; and stretches his shaking hands
text: toward the furnace.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: DETAIL SHOT -- GIN BOTTLE (TWO-THIRDS FULL)
text: as Allnutt pulls out cork, with luscious SOUND.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT (AT RIGHT ANGLES IN STERN SEATS)
text: SHOT slightly favors Allnutt. Late twilight; the boat is
text: moored near a bank. Rose is taking a swallow of steaming
text: tea; she lowers her cup. Allnutt's full mug of tea stands
text: beside him on the bench, untouched.
text: Rose watches him with interest. Allnutt lifts the bottle to
text: drink; he raises his eyes and meets hers; sullen and defiant.
text: He puts the bottle in his mouth, cocks it up and drinks deep
text: of neat gin; past the bottle, the hostility of his eyes
dialog: increases.
text: Rose looks perplexed.
text: The rum gin burns him; he has a brief spasm of the gasping
text: shakes. He tries not to show this, and avoids her eyes.
text: Genuine concern blends with her perplexity.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Is something the matter, Mr. Allnutt?
text: He meets her eyes again, sullen, a little bitter. His eyes
text: still on hers, he raises the bottle, cocks it up showily,
text: and drinks again -- looking at her past the bottle. The gin
text: makes sweat start out on his forehead. He keeps on, though,
text: taking a deep drink, watching her all the time. Finally he
text: brings the bottle down. His eyes go out of focus, against
text: his will. And against his will and pride, he wipes the sweat
text: off his forehead with the palm of his hand, and the sweat
text: from his hand onto his shirt.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (gently, again)
dialog: Tell me.
text: He looks at her with angry reproach. A pause.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (already affected by
dialog: the gin; proud and
dialog: sullen)
dialog: Nothin'.
text: A pause. He raises the bottle; lowers it.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Nothin' you'd understand.
text: He drinks.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (after waiting him
dialog: out)
dialog: I want to understand. I just can't
dialog: imagine what's the matter. It's been
dialog: such a pleasant day.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What is it, Mr. Allnutt?
text: Allnutt looks at her bitterly. Suddenly he looks mad and
text: stands up. Just as suddenly he sits down again. This makes
text: him sore at her.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (bitterly; after a
dialog: pause)
dialog: All this fool talk about The Louisa.
dialog: Goin' down the river...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I mean we ain't goin' to do nothin'
dialog: of the sort.
text: He needs a drink on this, but Rose interrupts.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Why, of course we're going! What an
dialog: absurd idea!
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (feeling his oats and
dialog: his gin; mimicking
dialog: nastily)
dialog: What an absurd idea! What an absurd
dialog: idea! Lady, I may be a born fool,
dialog: but you got ten absurd idears to my
dialog: one, an' don't you forget it!
dialog: (pause. Speechless
dialog: with scorn and
dialog: resentment)
dialog: Huh!
text: He drinks. A pause.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (with a glimmer of
dialog: tact)
dialog: Why don't you want to go, Mr. Allnutt?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: What do I want to blow up sumpin'
dialog: for? You tell me. Yeah. You tell me.
dialog: That's all!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Why don't you want to go?
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (sullenly)
dialog: Already come further'n I ever meant
dialog: to. Don't hardly even know the river,
dialog: this far down.
dialog: (bitterly and a little
dialog: incoherently)
dialog: Only come this far 'cause there you
dialog: was all by your lonesome, lost your
dialog: brother and all -- wot you get for
dialog: feelin' sorry for people.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Why, Mr. Allnutt?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: This river. That's why. An' Shona.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Shona!
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (mimicking her tone,
dialog: nastily)
dialog: Shona!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: If there's any place along the whole
dialog: river the Germans'll keep a lookout,
dialog: it'll be Shona. 'Cause that's where
text: the old road ferries over from the
dialog: South.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: But they can't do anything to us!
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Oh, they can't, eh? They got rifles,
dialog: maybe machine guns, maybe even
dialog: cannons, an' just one bullet in that
dialog: blastin' gelatine an', Miss, what's
dialog: left of us would be in bits and
dialog: pieces.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Then we'll go by at night.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Oh no, we won't!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (with asperity)
dialog: Now why not?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: 'Cause the rapids start just a little
dialog: ways below Shona, an' they ain't
dialog: nobody in his right mind 'ud tackle
dialog: 'em even in daylight, let alone at
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Then we'll go in daylight. We'll go
text: on the far side of the river from
dialog: Shona, just as fast as ever we can.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (a sudden realization.
dialog: Boozily, sorely)
dialog: -- Say, who do you think you are,
dialog: all this we'll do this an' we'll do
dialog: that? 'Oose boat is this, any'ow?
dialog: 'Oo asked you aboard? Huh? Huh? You
dialog: crazy, psalm-singin', skinny old
dialog: maid.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP -- ROSE
text: In the first phase of realization, her lower lip thrusts out
text: like a shovel or like the lower lip of a baby within a stone's
text: throw of crying, and her eyes look soft with dampness. Then
text: she catches her lower lip between her teeth in her effort to
text: restrain herself, and her eyes harden with self-discipline.
text: Then she doesn't need the teeth any more. Her lips are tight
text: and thin. Her whole face is edgy. Her eyes are hard with
text: bitter resentment and with hatred. Slowly, without moving
text: her head or altering her face, she lifts her tea into the
text: SHOT and drinks, and lowers the cup out of the SHOT. Her
text: face grows still harder and more immovable.
text: Against this, o.s., mostly in breathy, lonesome undertone,
text: on one or two phrases loudly and assertively, Allnutt is
text: singing, rottenly and inchoately, some part of the following:
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.; singing)
dialog: Gimmy regards ter Leicester Square
dialog: Sweet Piccadilly an' Myefair, Remember
dialog: me to the folks darn there They'll
dialog: under-sta-and.
text: SLOW FADE on Rose as first daylight begins to appear. FADE
speaker_heading: IN
speaker_heading: SLOW FADE:
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER AND THE AFRICAN QUEEN -- MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT --
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT
text: He is prostrate beside the engine in early morning sunlight.
text: Except that his eyes are closed, he looks as if he had been
text: dead for about a day.
text: o.s., the HARSH SCRAPING of broken glass against wood and
text: the happy shouts of early birds; also the quiet gurgling of
dialog: river water.
text: For a few seconds, these sounds don't even register. Then
text: they reach into him and he winces profoundly. (NOTE: Suddenly
text: and painfully exaggerate all SOUNDS.) His dry mouth works a
text: little. His eyelids twitch. The eyes open -- and shut fast;
text: light is painful to him.
text: o.s., the SOUND of a small avalanche of broken glass being
text: thrown overside and hitting the water.
text: Rose's hand reaches down past the far side of his head and
text: picks up an empty bottle and an almost empty bottle, and
text: withdraws from SHOT. Allnutt registers vague awareness that
text: someone is near, but doesn't open his eyes.
text: o.s., again painfully exaggerated, the SOUND of the gin case
text: being DRAGGED along the deck. His eyes still shut, Allnutt
text: suffers intense pain. He opens his eyes, squeezes them tight
text: shut (which hurts him badly), opens them again, and gazes up
text: past CAMERA in listless, uncomprehending horror.
scene_heading: ROSE -- (FROM HIS VIEWPOINT)
text: She is in painfully bright, early sunlight, and she is wearing
text: white. She has lifted the bottles and the case to the bench
text: beside her. She kneels on the bench, aloof to the CAMERA.
text: She tosses the empty bottle astern. She is on the verge of
text: disposing of the gin in the nearly-empty bottle; on second
text: thought she sniffs at it with mistrustful curiosity; her
text: reaction indicates disgust with the smell, with Drink, and
text: with Allnutt. She turns the bottle upsidedown and lets the
text: contents pour overside into the river, and tosses the bottle
text: contemptuously astern.
scene_heading: ALLNUTT -- (SAME ANGLE AS BEFORE) -- A LITTLE CLOSER
text: His eyes are bloodshot and are swimming with tears induced
text: by the light. He doesn't quite take in what he sees.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
text: (a whimpering moan,
dialog: pure misery; not for
dialog: what he sees)
dialog: Oh... Oh...!
text: Allnutt shuts his eyes. o.s., the GLUG-GLUG-GLUGGING of a
text: full bottle. He looks again. He begins to comprehend and
text: what he sees is, to him, terrible and almost unbelievable.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (with deeper feeling
text: but quietly; reacting
dialog: now to what he sees)
dialog: Oh...!
text: o.s., the SOUND of another flung bottle hitting the water,
text: and of another being opened. Allnutt, using all his strength,
text: manages to lift his head from the floor. The effort is so
text: exhausting and the pain so excruciating that he just lets it
text: fall; the bang is even more agonizing. He licks his dry lips
text: with his dry tongue and tries speaking.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (in a voice like a
dialog: crow)
dialog: Miss.
scene_heading: ROSE -- (FROM HIS VIEWPOINT)
text: She is emptying gin and pays him no attention.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Miss?
text: She pays him no attention except to turn the inverted bottle
dialog: to absolute verticle.
scene_heading: ALLNUTT -- (AS BEFORE) -- A LITTLE CLOSER
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Have pity, Miss!
dialog: (pause; SOUND of "glug-
dialog: glug" o.s.)
dialog: Miss?
dialog: ("glug-glug")
dialog: Oh, Miss, you don't know what you're
dialog: doin'... I'll perish without a hair
dialog: o' the dog.
text: SOUND, o.s., of bottle hitting water.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Ain't your property, Miss.
text: SOUND, o.s., of a new bottle being opened. CAMERA CREEPS
text: CLOSER on Allnutt, whose eyes become those of a man in hell
text: who knows, now, that his sentence is official, and permanent.
text: With terrible effort, he lifts his head and shoulders.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE -- (NEUTRAL ANGLE) -- NORMAL
speaker_heading: EXPOSURE
text: She is emptying gin. She hears the SOUNDS of Allnutt's moving
text: o.s. Her hard face hardens still more. She glances towards
text: him, continuing to pour.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- (FROM HER VIEWPOINT)
text: He is with great pain and effort getting himself to his knees
text: and his arms onto the side bench. It may seem for a moment
text: that he is going to try to come at Rose and make a struggle
text: for it, but no: he now gets his knees to the bench and hangs
text: his body far out over the gunwale and drinks ravenously of
text: the muddy water. He overhangs so far that he is in clear
dialog: danger of falling in.
scene_heading: ROSE -- (SAME ANGLE AS BEFORE) -- A LITTLE CLOSER
text: She is watching him. SOUNDS, o.s., of the gin emptying, and
text: of his drinking. She is aware he may fall in and she doesn't
dialog: care.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT -- (AS BEFORE)
text: He finishes drinking and tremulously pulls himself back, and
text: turns, and collapses into a sitting position on the bench.
speaker_heading: ROSE -- (AS BEFORE)
text: She is opening another bottle and casually watching him, and
text: as casually looking away. She is pitiless, vengeful,
text: contemptuous, and disgusted.
scene_heading: ALLNUTT -- MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- (NEUTRAL ANGLE)
text: His head hangs between his knees; his hands hang ape-like
text: beside his ankles. After a little he is able to lift his
text: head. He props his temples between his hands and his elbows
text: on his knees. He is so weak that one elbow slips, letting
text: his head fall with a nasty jolt and a whimper of anguish. He
text: sets himself more carefully solid and gazes ahead of him at
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Oh...!
speaker_heading: ROSE -- (AS BEFORE)
text: She ignores him completely; she lays the flap back from some
text: canned meat.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT -- (AS BEFORE)
text: He gets out and fumblingly lights a cigarette; his hands are
text: shaky. He takes a deep drag and it gives him a dreadful fit
text: of coughing. He glances toward her piteously.
speaker_heading: ROSE -- (AS BEFORE)
text: She is slicing bread; she ignores him. His coughing is loud,
dialog: o.s.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT -- (AS BEFORE)
text: Recovered from his spasms, he timidly tries a lighter drag.
text: This time he can taste it. It tastes foul. He puts it out,
text: carefully, for later use, takes one look at it, and
text: disconsolately tosses it overside. He looks again towards
text: Rose. He looks away again. He sighs deeply and buries his
text: face in his hands.
text: o.s., their SOUND abnormally sharp, the birds are singing
dialog: like mad.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- ROSE -- (MID-AFTERNOON)
text: She is sitting on a side-bench in the shade of the awning,
text: calmly reading her Bible. She is in a clean white dress,
dialog: exactly like the one she wore yesterday. Not a hair is out
text: of place in her tight hair-do. Her bare feet are crossed
text: demurely at the ankles. She sits up straight. She looks very
text: cool, considering the weather.
text: PULL BACK, bringing in her day's work: up past her left,
text: pinned to the edge of the awning, hang her newly-laundered
text: dress and undergarments, full of sunlight. There are a few
text: ineradicable streaks of grease in the dress. On the bench to
text: her right, her sewing-basket and some evidently finished
dialog: sewing chores.
text: o.s., the steady GURGLING of river water among the treeroots
text: of the bank; the nervous SCRAPING of a razor.
scene_heading: FORMAL SHOT -- THE ENGINE
text: It looks much cleaner than ever before. (Same SOUNDS o.s.)
text: The CAMERA IS RISING as the SHOT OPENS. It soon brings in
text: Allnutt's head, past the engine, very hot-looking in strong
text: sunlight. He is shaving.
text: SLOW PANNING DETAIL. A welter of wet footprints and splashed,
text: soapy deck, Allnutt's clean bare heels glistening high in
text: the SHOT as he stands shaving. CAMERA TILTS and brings in a
text: drowned sliver of soap. Allnutt's filthy clothes, a wet and
text: arrestingly filthy towel.
text: Same SOUNDS o.s., razor-scraping a little UP.
text: Past the back of Allnutt's head on his close reflection in a
text: small mirror, hung from a funnel-stay; past that, Rose.
text: Allnutt is shaving; Rose, in b.g., is reading. It is painful
text: to take off as much beard as Allnutt has been carrying, and
dialog: he is not a man who takes pain easily; but he does his best
dialog: to keep his reactions private, and by now he is nearly
text: through. He is whistling softly against his teeth, and
text: frowning at his reflected work with the concentration of a
text: surgeon. He knows, however, that he is visible to Rose, and
text: unwisely keeps glancing towards her (she never looks up once);
text: thanks to this, he lets the razor slip.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Ow... cut myself.
text: He glances sharply at Rose to see if she has taken any notice.
text: She does not glance up. Allnutt resents this bitterly. He
text: finishes shaving, and strokes his smooth cheeks with
text: satisfaction. Rose turns a page. With a Rembrandt's patience
text: and concern, he perfects, with his comb, the ideal coiffure,
text: with an artistic quiff along the forehead. His eyes go vain.
text: He treats himself, in reflection, to his idea of what the
text: Lord of Creation should look like. Then he glances towards
text: Rose, who keeps on reading. His look is aloof, miles above
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP -- ROSE
text: SOUND o.s., of Allnutt's entrance past the engine. She does
text: not glance up, but her eyelids flicker.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT -- (PAST ROSE)
text: He walks a couple of steps towards her in the brilliant
text: sunlight, swaggering a little. Then he stands still, the
text: Stag at Eve, looking at her with a certain high contempt. He
text: is obviously challenging response and recognition. He gets
dialog: none.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (after a pause;
dialog: scornfully)
dialog: Huh!
text: He walks in under the shade of the awning and into
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE UP -- (CAMERA SWINGING PAST AND OPPOSITE ROSE)
text: As he sits down. After another silence, he decides on a new
text: approach. He arranges his face to express high good humor.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: Well, Miss, 'ere we are, everything
dialog: ship-shape, like they say.
text: PULL AWAY to TWO SHOT of Rose and Allnutt, as he awaits her
text: reaction. No answer.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Great thing to 'ave a lyedy aboard,
dialog: with clean 'abits. Sets me a good
dialog: example. A man alone, 'e gets to
dialog: livin' like a bloomin' 'og.
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Then, too, with me, it's always --
dialog: put things orf. Never do todye wot
dialog: ya can put orf till tomorrer.
text: (he chuckles and looks
dialog: at her, expecting
dialog: her to smile. Not a
dialog: glimmer from Rose)
dialog: But you: business afore pleasure,
dialog: every time. Do yer pers'nal laundry,
dialog: make yerself spic an' span, get all
dialog: the mendin' out o' the way, an' then,
dialog: an' hone-ly then, set down to a nice
dialog: quiet hour with the Good-Book.
dialog: (he watches for
dialog: something; she
dialog: registers nothing)
dialog: I tell you, it's a model for me,
dialog: like. An inspiration. I ain't got
dialog: that ole engine so clean in years;
dialog: inside an' out, Miss. Just look at
text: 'er, Miss! She practically sparkles.
dialog: (Rose evidently does
dialog: not hear him)
dialog: Myself, too. Guess you ain't never
dialog: 'ad a look at me without whiskers
dialog: an' all cleaned up, 'ave you, Miss?
dialog: (no look)
dialog: Freshens you up, too; if I only 'ad
dialog: clean clothes, like you.
dialog: (huh-uh)
dialog: Now you: why you could be at 'igh
dialog: tea.
dialog: (no recognition from
dialog: Rose)
dialog: 'Ow 'bout some tea, Miss, come to
dialog: think of it? Don't you stir; I'll
dialog: get it ready.
text: Rose does not stir. Allnutt is running low. A little silence,
text: now. He watches her read.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: 'Ow's the book, Miss?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Not that I ain't read it, some --
dialog: that is to say, me ole lyedy read me
dialog: stories out of it.
dialog: (no answer; pause)
dialog: 'Ow 'bout readin' it out loud, eh,
dialog: Miss?
dialog: (silence)
dialog: I'd like to 'ave a little spiritual
dialog: comfort m'self.
dialog: (silence; he flares
dialog: up)
dialog: An' you call yerself a Christian!
dialog: (silence)
dialog: You 'ear me, Miss.
dialog: (silence)
dialog: Don't yer?
dialog: (silence; a bright
dialog: cruel idea. Louder,
dialog: leaning to her)
dialog: Don't yer?
dialog: (silence. Suddenly,
text: at the top of his
dialog: lungs)
speaker_heading: HUH??
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE UP -- ROSE
text: In spite of herself she flinches; but swiftly controls it.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- FROM OTHER SIDE OF THE RIVER
text: A half mile of hot, empty water, then jungle, silent on a
text: dream of heat. On the far side the tiny boat and the two
dialog: infinitesimal passengers.
text: After two seconds, Allnutt's "HUH?" is heard.
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE UP -- ROSE
text: In her face are victory, cruelty, and tremendous secret
text: gratification: a Jocasta digesting her young.
dialog: The ECHO comes. Over it --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE UP -- ALLNUTT
text: A second, further echo comes, and dies.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Heyy!!
text: Watchful, listening, he walks out of SHOT; CAMERA LOWERS to
text: Rose, whose quiet, pitiless eyes -- wholly unamused -- follow
text: him secretly. The ECHO returns to her; she resumes reading.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- FAVORING ALLNUTT (PAST ROSE)
text: He wanders all over the boat, CAMERA ALWAYS CENTERING him,
text: always shifting past the statue-like reader. He barks like a
text: dog; he yowls like a tomcat; he roars like a lion; he bleats
text: like a goat; he crows like a rooster. Finally he sickens of
text: it and walks back past her to his old seat at right angles
dialog: to her.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: as he sits. Clearly now he is going to try silent decorum,
text: in imitation of her. He crosses his ankles in imitation, and
text: settles his hands in his lap, and even holds his head primly,
text: watching her. But something itches him under the arm and he
text: scratches -- first covertly and insufficiently, then to his
text: heart's content. His exertions have worked up quite a sweat;
text: the midges of late afternoon convene enthusiastically about
text: his head. He looks bitterly towards Rose.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: There isn't a bug near her. Taking her time, she finishes
text: the last page and, not hurrying, but without pause, starts
text: right in on Genesis.
text: SWING CAMERA, losing Rose, bringing Allnutt into CLOSEUP. He
dialog: hates her and the Good Book.
text: PULL AWAY into TWO SHOT -- of Rose and Allnutt. After a few
text: moments of silent, motionless tableau, Allnutt hating, Rose
text: reading, he speaks.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Feller takes a drop too much once in
dialog: a while. T's only yoomin nyture.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (remotely)
dialog: Nature, Mr. Allnutt, is what we are
dialog: put into this world to rise above.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Miss, I'm sorry. I 'pologize. There.
dialog: What more can a man do than say he's
dialog: sorry. Eh?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: You done paid me back, Miss. Didn't
dialog: even leave me a drop.
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Come on, Miss. 'Ave a 'eart, can't
dialog: ya? Fair's fair.
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Miss, I don't care wot ya say, long
dialog: 's you say somepin.
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: I'll be honest with ya, Miss: I just
dialog: can't stand no more of it. I ain't
dialog: used to it, that's all.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: So you think it was your nasty
dialog: drunkenness I mind.
text: A foolish, helpless gesture from Allnutt.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (bewildered)
dialog: Well -- wot else?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You lied to me.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (with earnest dignity)
dialog: Lied? Oh no, Miss. Lyin's one thing
dialog: I don't never do. Not unless there's
dialog: no way out.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You promised we'd go down the river.
text: He is so honestly flabbergasted, this brings him up on his
text: feet, goggling at her. When he can find words:
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Why, Miss! Is that wot it's all about?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Of course.
text: He draws a deep breath and sits down closer to her than
text: before. He begins quietly, with great patience and
dialog: reasonableness.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Now for the last time, Miss. Just
dialog: try and listen, won't you? Try to
dialog: understand.
text: (Rose looks at him
text: coldly; her jaw is
dialog: set)
dialog: It's sure death a dozen times over
dialog: down this river. I 'ate to disappoint
dialog: you, Miss. But don't blyme me. Blyme
dialog: the river.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You promised.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Well, I'm takin' my promise back!
text: He gets up and strides away, CAMERA CENTERING HIM, and walks
text: past the engine.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP -- ROSE
text: She watches after him. She is not a hundred per cent sure of
dialog: victory; only ninety-five or so.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- ALLNUTT -- (DAWN)
text: He is asleep on his box of high explosives. o.s., SOUNDS of
text: early birds -- and of Rose's bustling, and of a strong breeze,
text: and of leaves. Presently he stirs, groans and opens his eyes.
text: After a moment he glances in her direction.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: She is readying the fire for tea.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT -- (AS BEFORE)
text: After a little, Allnutt gives up. He creakily, painfully
text: rises from his bed and gets up into:
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- FROM OUTSIDE THE BOAT -- (ON LINE WITH ENGINE
speaker_heading: AMIDSHIPS)
text: He walks towards CAMERA into CLOSE UP and passes engine,
text: CAMERA SWINGING INTO TWO SHOT of Rose and Allnutt.
text: Rose is thrusting a saucepan of water into the crackling
text: furnace. Allnutt pauses shyly.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (a pitiful effort to
dialog: sound casual, and
dialog: dignified)
dialog: G'mornin', Miss.
text: Rose straightens up and doesn't even see him, and turns and
text: walks away, CAMERA on her, losing Allnutt.
text: She sits on the stern bench and gets out bread and one mug
text: and a can, and starts opening the can. He does not exist.
text: After a few seconds, he walks into the SHOT, BACK-TO, and
text: sits down on a right-angle bench, a few feet away from her.
text: She continues opening the can. He lights a cigarette from
text: the open tin; it is damp and swollen from the night air,
text: lights slowly, and tastes poorly, but he tries to make the
dialog: best of it.
text: o.s., the SOUND of hot water joins that of the crackling
text: fire. Rose gets up with a cloth for the hot handle and walks
text: up past Allnutt into CLOSE UP and OUT OF SHOT.
text: SOUNDS, o.s., of her getting out the water and shutting the
text: door. Allnutt's eyes follow her, wretchedly, wherever she
dialog: goes.
text: She reenters the SHOT, BACK-TO, and returns to her place,
text: still ignoring Allnutt, and starts fixing tea for herself.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- ALLNUTT -- NEUTRAL ANGLE
text: He is watching her; the last of his staying-power is
text: dissolving.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE -- (FROM HIS VIEWPOINT)
text: She is stirring her tea and now she drinks some.
scene_heading: ALLNUTT -- CLOSE SHOT -- (NEUTRAL ANGLE)
text: He is watching her and thorough despair is in his eyes, and
text: unconsciously his head begins to shake a little.
speaker_heading: ROSE -- (AS BEFORE)
text: Now she is eating bread and canned meat.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT -- (AS BEFORE)
text: He stops shaking his head and just looks.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: All right, Miss. You win.
scene_heading: CLOSER SHOT -- ROSE -- (AS BEFORE)
text: She meets his eyes, immediately, but says nothing.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT -- (FROM HER ANGLE)
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (accepting utter defeat)
dialog: Down the river we go.
text: He turns to the engine.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Have some breakfast, Mr. Allnutt.
text: He is so moved by this line that he is on the verge of tears.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Or, no. Get up steam. Breakfast can
dialog: wait.
text: He reacts with the quiet hopelessness of a slave; one beaten
text: look at her, gets to his feet and walks towards CAMERA and
text: engine, filling SCREEN.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: SHOOTING FORWARD ALONG PORT SIDE OF BOAT -- (ABOUT NINE IN
speaker_heading: THE MORNING)
text: The boat is going along at full speed. Boat fills most of
text: r.s., a downstream vista of the river, and the bank, l.s.
text: The breeze is strong now; two-foot waves; clear sunlight. A
text: calmly exhilarating NOISE of water and, o.s., strong, the
text: SOUND of the engine.
text: STRAIGHT ACROSS THE BOAT -- ON ALLNUTT
text: He is sitting on the starboard bench, back to the sun,
text: transferring canned meat to bread.
text: The floor of the SHOT is a high stack of firewood. The left
text: wall of the SHOT is the engine.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (o.s., calling
dialog: something not fully
dialog: distinguishable, as)
dialog: Which bank is Shona on?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (shouting; leaning
dialog: his ear towards her)
dialog: 'Ow's that?
scene_heading: ROSE -- FROM SAME POSITION OF CAMERA -- (DIFFERENT ANGLE)
text: She is at the tiller but in spite of cross-bucking the waves
text: she now has the casualness of experience. Except for much
text: more difficult steering, she doesn't have to think much about
text: it now. Her hair is done up, but has blown part free. Her
text: dress is flecked with the dampness of blowing water.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Which bank is Shona on?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (loudly, o.s.)
text: Left. On a hill.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Good. The sun will be in their eyes.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (louder, gesturing)
dialog: The sun. Will be in their eyes.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT -- (AS BEFORE)
text: It is becoming more real to him now. He glances towards her.
text: He sets his breakfast aside, gets up, and goes past the engine
text: into the bow section.
speaker_heading: ROSE -- (AS BEFORE)
text: Her eyes strain curiously after him.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- (IN THE BOW SECTION)
text: He walks in among the boxes of blasting gelatine, his face
text: troubled, and looks down at them.
scene_heading: THE BOXES -- (FROM AN ANGLE OPPOSING THAT OF HIS EYES)
text: They are disposed irregularly in the sunlight; their red
text: lines look sinister.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE UP SHOT -- ON ALLNUTT
text: as, with face still more troubled, he bends over and lifts a
dialog: box.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE -- ALLNUTT -- (SIDE TO CAMERA)
text: The prow and river beyond him; he is stacking the boxes along
text: the port bow. He has stuck a rug between them and the hull.
text: Now he stacks the last box and covers it with a rug. He stands
text: and looks at the rug a moment, rather helplessly, then turns
text: to CAMERA and into MEDIUM SHOT; his face is still more badly
text: worried. He glances back towards Rose. He stoops and drags
text: the heavy cylinders into the starboard bow, trimming ship.
text: He walks back towards the engine, mopping his forehead.
speaker_heading: ROSE -- (AS BEFORE)
text: She is watching him curiously.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT -- (FROM HER ANGLE)
text: as he comes past the engine, he meets her eye, and looks
text: away. He goes towards his bench and breakfast.
scene_heading: ALLNUTT -- MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT
text: as he sits down. He glances towards his gauges and resumes
text: eating. But his appetite is not so good now.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (o.s., not quite
dialog: distinguishably)
dialog: Don't worry, Mr. Allnutt.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: If a bullet hits them boxes, there'll
dialog: be no time to worry.
text: Taking his knife to use it eating, he suddenly goes still
text: and wary with a new idea. He glances secretly at the knife,
text: and secretly towards the engine.
text: INSERT: A PIECE OF ROTTED RUBBER HOSE, PART OF THE WATER
speaker_heading: LINE.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT -- (AS BEFORE)
text: His face gets still darker with guile. With a clumsy imitation
text: of concern for the engine, he gets up and walks out of the
text: SHOT, the open knife in his hand filling the SCREEN.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- PAST ENGINE -- FAVORING ALLNUTT (CLOSE)
text: ROSE STANDING IN BACKGROUND. As he pretends to tinker with
text: the engine below SHOT, his eyes flicker towards the hose and
dialog: the knife and think, obviously, of danger and of Rose, of
text: whom he is painfully aware.
text: It is clear by his eyes and face that he is trying desperately
dialog: to make up his mind to cut the hose; and delays because he
text: so dreads the consequences with Rose, who is watching him
text: with mild curiosity. The decision is taken out of his hands.
text: Past him, Rose looks with interest ahead, off the port bow.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (shouting and pointing)
dialog: Mr. Allnutt!
text: She shifts course sharp to starboard. Allnutt hears her and
text: looks around and sees her pointing, and quickly turns and
text: looks ahead and to port. Great fear comes into his face, but
text: also some excitement unrelated to fear.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- PAST ALLNUTT AND THE ENGINE
text: As a curve opens, the walled hill-town of Shona is disclosed.
text: Above one building of corrugated iron, a German flag flies.
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE UP -- ALLNUTT
text: Besides the fear and excitement in his face, indecisiveness
text: reaches the point of agony. Past him, the right bank of the
text: river approaches, moving more and more swiftly.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: She is near the bank. She straightens her course.
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE UP -- ALLNUTT
text: He glances desperately toward the rubber hosing.
scene_heading: INSERT: RUBBER HOSING.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT -- (AS BEFORE)
text: He glances desperately towards Shona. Shona is swinging wide
text: into view. People are seen, including two men apparently in
text: uniform. Allnutt glances desperately towards his knife.
text: INSERT: He closes the knife and slips it into his pocket.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT -- (AS BEFORE)
text: His face is committed helplessly to catastrophe. He turns
text: his head to call to Rose.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE -- MEDIUM CLOSE -- ALLNUTT
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (over his shoulder,
text: as he crouches)
dialog: Keep as low as ya can, Miss.
speaker_heading: ROSE -- (FROM HIS ANGLE)
text: She nods, and crouches below the benches, her hand still
dialog: high to steer.
scene_heading: INSERT: THE RUBBER HOSE.
text: as it bursts; a strong spume of water.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- ALLNUTT
text: eyes to SOUND.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP -- ROSE
text: eyes to SOUND.
text: INSERT: The WATER GAUGE slowly drops.
scene_heading: ALLNUTT -- ANOTHER CLOSE UP
text: as with frantic speed he gets tape and a piece of flat rubber
text: out of his toolbox.
text: INSERT: RUBBER HOSE, as Allnutt claps the rubber to the burst
text: hose and starts taping; water still escapes abundantly.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- ALLNUTT -- (FROM ANGLE OF HOSE INSERT)
text: His desperate face as he works.
text: INSERT: The PRESSURE GAUGE, sinking.
text: INSERT: The WATER GAUGE, still lower.
text: o.s., the engine SOUND slows and fades to a lugubrious
text: CLANKING, then stops altogether.
text: From here on, very quiet but in all shots on the boat,
text: steadily LOUDER, a faint RUMBLING ROAR, o.s., the rapids.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- ROSE
text: anxious and much interested, but no fear.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Just turn 'er loose, Miss. Let 'er
dialog: drift.
text: Rose looks uncomprehending.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- (FROM HER ANGLE)
text: He is hard at work. There are no pencils of steam any more.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (over shoulder; bawling
dialog: desperately in the
dialog: silence)
dialog: Let 'er drift! All we can do!
speaker_heading: ROSE -- (AS BEFORE)
text: She nods. She releases the tiller. o.s., the SOUND of a
text: bullet; followed, seconds later, by the REPORT of a rifle.
text: Rose looks towards Shona and towards Allnutt.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT -- (AS BEFORE)
text: He is working. Water is still splattering.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (over shoulder)
dialog: 'Cross our bows, I reckon. Didn't
dialog: 'it us any'ow.
text: He ducks still lower to his work.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- THE AFRICAN QUEEN
text: and its occupants, through field glasses, from high bank.
text: Even so, they are small, on the far side of the river.
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: (o.s. in German)
dialog: But why didn't they put in?
speaker_heading: 2ND OFFICER
dialog: (o.s. in German)
dialog: Probably they're making for the lower
dialog: landing.
speaker_heading: ACROSS THIS:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT (NOT THROUGH GLASSES) -- LOWER LANDING
text: Deep in l.s., the lower landing, which is small.
text: High in r.s., The African Queen.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- 1ST AND 2ND OFFICERS AND SWAHILI TROOPS
text: on hard, bare ground, corrugated iron building, and German
text: flag, and a portion of the town, in b.g.
dialog: 1st Officer is a moderately stupid German. 2nd Officer is a
text: moderately intelligent German. The Swahilis, in their whites,
text: with their elderly Martini rifles, are all eyes and teeth
text: and excitement -- and eagerness to use their weapons.
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: (in German)
text: Fire twice more across their bows.
text: 2nd Officer raises rifle, with telescopic sight.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- THE AFRICAN QUEEN -- (THROUGH CROSS-HAIRED SIGHT)
text: raked from stern to stem.
speaker_heading: 2ND OFFICER
dialog: (o.s. in German)
text: She is adrift.
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: (o.s. in German)
dialog: Fire.
text: The shot moves ahead of the boat. A little kick in the SHOT
text: as the rifle fires; SOUND o. s. The boat advances into the
speaker_heading: SHOT.
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: (o.s. in German)
dialog: Again.
text: The shot again leads the boat safely. Some kick, SOUND o.
dialog: s., and advance of boat as before.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- THE OFFICERS AND THE NATIVES
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: (in German)
text: She's not turning.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- THE BOAT
text: is opposite the lower landing, still at far shore.
speaker_heading: 2ND OFFICER
dialog: (o.s. in German)
text: She can't. She is adrift.
scene_heading: OFFICERS AND MEN -- (AS BEFORE)
dialog: 1st OFFICER She could anchor.
dialog: 2nd Officer has no answer for that.
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: (quietly, to Swahili
dialog: corporal, in Swahili)
dialog: Order your men to fire.
text: The corporal clicks heels and salutes with enthusiasm, and
text: about face, to his men.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
text: (happily and bossily,
dialog: in Swahili or in
dialog: Swahili-esque German)
dialog: Fire!
text: The boys are all eagerness and delight. They hurry forward
dialog: into:
text: A TRUCKED FRIEZE OF MEDIUM CLOSE UPS
text: Some fall prone to fire as they have been trained; others
text: stand; several squat where they take aim. It is clear by
text: their handling of their weapons that they are all farcically
text: lousy shots.
scene_heading: A SHOT ALONG THEIR RAGGED LINE --
text: some prone, some standing.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: (with a sweeping
dialog: gesture)
dialog: Fire!
text: They fire a ragged volley, rifles at all sorts of angles.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- (PAST ROSE)
text: Allnutt is still hard at work. The boat is moving faster,
text: near the bank. There is a peculiar multiple NOISE in the
text: air, like bees in a violent hurry, accompanied by the SOUND
text: of tearing paper.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (crouching still lower
dialog: at his work)
dialog: They got us!
speaker_heading: ROSE -- (FROM HIS ANGLE)
text: curious about the sound. Now comes the straggling REPORTS OF
text: RIFLES; a volley echoing back from cliff to cliff.
text: INSERT: Allnutt completes his taping.
scene_heading: ALLNUTT -- (FROM ROSE'S ANGLE)
text: stepping away.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Finished?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Yes -- if we can get up steam in
dialog: time, an' the boiler'll stand that
dialog: much cold water, an' the mend holds.
text: He puts on a lot of wood, and he gets the pump going,
text: cautiously. There is a dangerous straining and CRACKLING
text: SOUND from the boiler as the cold water rushes in. Across
text: it, there is another BUZZING of bullets. Some speckle the
text: water; some hit the heightening rock cliff above and past
text: the boat; the reports arrive and ECHO.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (continuing; he has
dialog: been cringing and
dialog: mute during the
dialog: buzzing; he speaks
dialog: across the reports)
dialog: If only we don't drift into the back
dialog: eddy.
speaker_heading: ROSE -- (AS BEFORE)
text: She nods. She is watching anxiously, helplessly.
scene_heading: ALONG STARBOARD -- (SHOOTING FORWARD FROM HER ANGLE)
text: The fast current in which they drift, and the slow back-eddy,
text: and their dividing line, are visible. SWING SHOT to CENTER
text: along axis of boat and on Allnutt. o.s., there is the SOUND
text: of a much faster bullet, and suddenly, causing Allnutt to
text: leap like a stricken faun, the whole boat RINGS like a harp.
scene_heading: INSERT -- THE WIRE FUNNEL-STAY
text: on portside has parted, close above the gunwale. It hangs
text: loose by the funnel.
scene_heading: ALLNUTT -- MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT
text: noting and reacting. He turns to Rose, CAMERA SWINGING into
text: TWO SHOT. She has noticed it too, but is not particularly
text: frightened. o.s., there is a METALLIC SMACK. They glance up
dialog: sharply.
scene_heading: DETAIL SHOT -- (FROM ALLNUTT'S ANGLE) -- A HOLE
text: high in the funnel.
scene_heading: DETAIL SHOT -- (FROM ROSE'S ANGLE) -- ANOTHER HOLE
text: on the far side of the funnel.
text: INSERT: WATER GAUGE, rising.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: checking gauges, working hard.
text: INSERT: PRESSURE GAUGE, rising.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: crouching. He adjusts pump to let more water in. The straining
text: SOUNDS intensify. He opens the furnace door.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- THE BOAT (THROUGH TELESCOPIC SIGHT)
text: o.s., the rifle FIRES; the shot kicks.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: as a bullet WHINES past overhead. o.s., the furnace door
text: CLANKS SHUT and there is an increased SOUND of fire. She
text: looks reprimandingly towards the bank. We can scarcely see
text: the figures of the officers and men. The rifle REPORT comes
dialog: through.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- THE OFFICERS AND MEN
text: The men are sheepish and downcast in b.g. The 1st Officer,
text: who fired, lowers his rifle. The 2nd Officer has field
text: glasses. They look at each other. The 1st Officer shrugs.
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: (in German)
dialog: Give it to me.
text: He takes the rifle and takes careful aim.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- THE BOAT -- (THROUGH THE TELESCOPIC SIGHT)
text: He is leading Allnutt just a trifle, and leisurely trying to
text: perfect his aim. While he takes his time, the boat crosses
text: the path of the full glare of the sun. He mutters some German
text: expletive under his breath, and FIRES into blind glare.
scene_heading: DETAIL SHOT -- GELATINE BOXES
text: A corner of one of the gelatine boxes flies apart in
text: splinters.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- THE TWO OFFICERS
text: as the 1st Officer lowers the rifle, his eye hurt by glare,
text: he hands it back to the other.
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: (in German)
text: Fire at random.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Everybody shoot.
text: Everybody happily starts shooting at random. The natives
dialog: love it.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT -- ALONG THE FULL LENGTH OF THE BOAT -- ON ALLNUTT --
text: PAST ROSE Ahead, the escarpment looms, the right bank narrows,
text: a deep shadow between them. The ROAR is by now almost
text: deafening.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (shouting as loud as
dialog: he can)
dialog: Man the tiller now -- we'll try.
text: She doesn't understand; she does nothing. He gestures -- the
text: manipulation of a tiller. Rose takes it.
text: The SINGING of the bullets is all but inaudible, but three
text: hit the boat. Allnutt starts the engine. It stammers and
text: gulps and dies. The boat swings with great speed into deep,
text: cool shadow as he tries again. It stammers and catches, and
dialog: dies.
scene_heading: SHOT PAST ALLNUTT -- AND THE PROW
text: The water is terribly swift, but not yet stony; but within a
text: hundred yards ahead there is a terrific cataract.
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE UP -- ALLNUTT -- (PAST HIM, ROSE)
text: There is terrific tension in his face, but he is much too
text: busy to be frightened. Rose's face is a sharpening image of
text: her face among the easier rapids. Now that they have come
text: within close, high stone banks, the ROAR is prodigious.
text: Allnutt, below SCENE, is working on the engine.
scene_heading: THE CATARACT -- (FROM HIS ANGLE)
text: twice as near.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT -- (AS BEFORE)
text: The engine catches and rises, just AUDIBLE ABOVE the ROAR OF
speaker_heading: WATER.
scene_heading: CATARACT -- (FROM ALLNUTT'S ANGLE)
text: They swallow ten of the last twenty yards before the cataract.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP -- ROSE
text: standing, looking intensely ahead, hand firm on tiller.
scene_heading: THE BOAT -- (FROM ALLNUTT'S ANGLE)
text: as it enters upon the cataract.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- ALLNUTT
text: as he drops onto his bench next the engine.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Our Father Who art in Heaven...
text: The African Queen bucks like a bronco. The air is full of
text: spray and of the ROAR of rushing water. Allnutt serves the
text: engine with panic in his soul. Out of the tail of his eye,
text: he glimpses rocks flashing past.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP -- ROSE
text: She rides the mad tide like a Valkyrie, weaving a safe course
text: through the clustering dangers.
text: There comes a place where the river widens and the sweep of
text: the current takes The African Queen over to the opposite
text: bank, as if she were no more than a chip of wood. Rose tugs
text: at the tiller with all her strength. The bows come around.
text: It looks for a space as if the stern would be flung against
text: the rocks. The boat just manages to hold her way.
text: Then a backwash catches her, flinging her out again into
text: midstream, so that Rose has to force the tiller across with
dialog: lightning swiftness. Hardly are they straight again when the
text: banks close in upon them and Rose must instantly pick out a
text: fresh course, through the rocks that stud the surface in
text: flurries of white foam.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT -- THE AFRICAN QUEEN
text: plunging down a narrow ribbon of water between vertical faces
dialog: of rock.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: as he waves at the engine and shouts something that is drowned
text: out by the ROAR of the waters.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP -- ROSE
text: She shakes her head and her lips form the words: "I can't
dialog: hear."
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: gesticulating frantically. He moves forward into a CLOSE UP
dialog: and shouts:
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Need fuel! We got to get fuel!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: She nods, to show her understanding of their plight.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT -- THE AFRICAN QUEEN
text: There is a natural dam ahead, only broken in the center, and
text: there the water piles up and tumbles over in a vast green
text: hump. The launch puts her nose and heaves up her stern as
text: she hits the piled-up water; then she shoots down the slope,
text: landing with a crash on the high green waves beneath the
dialog: waterfall.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- THE AFRICAN QUEEN -- (SHOOTING PAST ROSE)
text: Green water comes boiling over the port deck and into the
text: boat. Allnutt must hold onto the engine to keep from being
text: swept off his feet. It seems as though The African Queen is
text: doomed to put her nose deeper and deeper into the torrent
text: until she will submerge entirely -- but at the last possible
text: moment she shakes herself loose and comes clear.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: as she throws her weight on the tiller
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Stop the engine!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: as he obeys dazedly.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- THE AFRICAN QUEEN
dialog: The maneuver was nicely calculated; the launch's momentum
text: carries her through the edge of the eddy into the slack water
text: under the lip of the dam. She comes up against this natural
text: pier with hardly a bump, and instantly a trembling Allnutt
text: is fastening painters to rocks.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Whew!!!
scene_heading: FULL SHOT -- ROSE
text: as she starts to rise, but finding herself weak in the knees,
text: sits back momentarily. Despite an empty feeling in her stomach
text: and a pounding heart, she wears a smile of satisfaction.
text: She looks around. They are moored in what must be one of the
text: loveliest corners of Africa. There are numerous shelves on
text: the high banks bearing flowering plants which trail shimmering
text: wreaths down over the rocks. A beam of sunlight reaches over
text: the edge of the gorge and turns its spray into a dancing
text: shadow. The NOISE of the fall is not deafening, but rather a
text: pleasant musical accompaniment to the joyful SINGING of the
dialog: river.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: How lovely!
text: Allnutt enters the SHOT from BEHIND CAMERA. She turns her
text: smile on briefly. then raises her eyes again to the hanging
text: gardens above.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Lovely, isn't it.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (following her gaze)
dialog: It is at that.
dialog: (he laughs suddenly)
dialog: We sure pulled it off, didn't we,
dialog: Miss? Sucked the Germans in proper.
dialog: They were so surprised to see the
dialog: ole African Queen -- they didn't
dialog: think of shootin' at us till we were
dialog: almost past. They didn't believe
dialog: anybody'd try to get down these
dialog: gorges. Didn't believe nobody could.
dialog: Well, we showed 'em, didn't we?
dialog: (Rose nods)
dialog: Not that I'd like to do it every day
dialog: of the week. We took on enough water
dialog: to sink anything else that floats.
text: He reaches for the pump and goes to
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (coming out of her
dialog: reverie)
dialog: Here -- let me do that.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: Oh, no, Miss.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Please let me.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: All right -- but don't wear yourself
dialog: out... I'll pick up some wood.
text: Rose applies herself to the pump. It takes her a little while
text: to get into the right rhythm, and when she does, even so
dialog: small a thing as this brings a thrill of achievement.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I hardly know what happened after
dialog: Shona. Everything's a jumble. I have
dialog: no idea how far we've come or whether
dialog: it's morning or afternoon or --
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- ALLNUTT AND ROSE
text: as Allnutt gathers wood on the bank.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I guess you were too busy, Miss, to
dialog: pay attention to anything but what
dialog: you were doing.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: Did I -- do all right?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (with deep feeling)
dialog: Better'n all right, Miss...
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP -- ROSE
text: Her face flushes with pride.
scene_heading: PAN SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: as he goes back onto the boat carrying an armload of wood.
text: He is limping a little. He lets the wood fall by the engine,
text: then sits down and begins to unlace his canvas shoe.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Picked up a thorn on the bank, I
dialog: guess. Went right through the rubber
dialog: sole.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Let me.
text: On her knees, she slips the shoe off; she takes his slender,
text: rather appealing foot into her hands. She finds the place of
text: entry of the thorn and presses it with her finger-tips while
text: Allnutt twitches and jumps with absurd ticklishness.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No, there's nothing there now.
text: She lets his foot go.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Thank you, Miss.
text: He lingers on the bench, gazing up at the flowers, while
text: Rose lingers on her knees at his feet.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (a certain awe in his
dialog: tone)
dialog: It is pretty at that.
text: Rose looks up at his face. There is something appealing,
text: almost childlike about the little man as he looks wonderingly
text: around. Her expression grows tender; she would like to pet
text: him. He looks down at her. She averts her eyes.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: It reminds me -- that waterfall does --
dialog: of --
text: Allnutt never tells what it reminds him of. He puts out his
text: hand toward Rose. She catches it -- to hold it, not to put
text: it away. Allnutt comes down to his knees and they are in
text: each other's arms.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- AFRICAN QUEEN -- (EARLY MORNING)
text: as a few slanting rays of the sun strike her funnel. Vapors
text: still cling to the surface of the river. Over the SOUND of
text: the waterfall, comes the tuneful SINGING of a bird. Presently
text: Rose's figure is revealed moving about.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- ROSE
text: as she pours tea into two cups, and moves with them toward
text: the stern, CAMERA PANNING WITH HER as she crosses to the
text: sleeping Allnutt. CAMERA MOVES into CLOSE TWO SHOT as she
text: kneels beside Allnutt and puts one tea-cup down close to his
text: outstretched hand.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Mr. Allnutt. I mean -- dear.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (opening his eyes)
dialog: Well now -- blimey! This is more
dialog: like it.
text: Breakfast in bed.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Two spoonfuls of sugar is right,
dialog: isn't it?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Fancy your building the fire and all --
dialog: while I slept.
text: Rose regards him tenderly for a long moment; then, with a
text: birdlike movement, she kisses him on the cheek. Allnutt puts
text: his arms around her.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Dear -- there's something I simply
dialog: must know.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (after a blushing
dialog: interval)
dialog: What's your first name?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Charlie.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (to herself like a
dialog: schoolgirl)
dialog: Charlie... Charlie... Charlie...
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Give us another kiss.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (her arms around him,
dialog: kissing him)
dialog: Charlie! Charlie dear...
text: They hold each other for a while. Then she slips out of his
text: arms, hands him his cup and they begin stirring their tea.
text: Rose looks at the beauty all around them.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (her eyes suddenly
dialog: wet)
dialog: This must be one of the loveliest
dialog: places in all Africa.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I've been around a bit and I must
dialog: say I never seen no place to compare
dialog: with it in the whole world. Kinda
dialog: hate to leave it.
dialog: (hastily, as though
dialog: he fears being
dialog: misunderstood)
dialog: Not that I ain't all for goin' on,
dialog: Y'unnerstand.
text: (she gives his hand a
dialog: squeeze)
dialog: Do you spose that last big cataract
dialog: coulda been Ulanga Falls? As I
dialog: remember the map, it was just a little
dialog: way down from Shona. And if it was
dialog: Ulanga, there ain't no more big
dialog: cataracts between us an' the lake.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: How much farther is the lake, Charlie?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Oh -- 'bout two 'undred miles.
text: They are quiet a moment. Abruptly, Rose gets final, and
text: energetic -- swallows the last of her tea in that manner and
text: stands up, a touching blend of spinsterish edginess and
text: blossoming female softness.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, I suppose it's time we were on
dialog: our way.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT -- DECK OF BOAT
text: Rose takes her place at the tiller and Allnutt goes forward
text: in unquestioning obedience. He is boss of the family, but
text: she is boss of the boat and the voyage. He casts off, and
text: starts up the engine. Again The African Queen is under way.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: at the tiller. She looks back, drinking in the place with
text: her eyes. She wants never to forget a single detail. Allnutt
text: enters the SCENE -- puts his arm around her, and stands
text: looking back at the loveliest place in the world.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- AFT -- PAST THEM
text: We see the waterfall and the flowers withdraw. The SOUND of
text: the waterfall still dominates -- a SOUND of serene,
text: inexhaustible vitality like that of their bloodstream.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (in a broken voice)
dialog: Give us another kiss, old girl.
text: They kiss, as the boat is swept into motion.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT -- THE AFRICAN QUEEN
text: The river is smooth, swift and fairly straight. The launch
text: passes some hippos bathing in the shallows. The deep, swift-
text: running channel carries her to within a few yards of the
dialog: great beasts.
text: Allnutt and Rose shout at them and wave their arms. The hippos
text: squeal like pigs. Allnutt imitates the SOUND, a feat which
text: Rose finds to be funny beyond words. She laughs until it is
text: painful and she has to hold her side. Allnutt laughs too,
text: between squeals, hugely delighted with the success of his
text: imitation. Just as Rose is about able to control her laughter,
text: he squeals once again, which sends her off into fresh peals
dialog: of mirth.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Stop, Charlie -- stop it!
text: Their laughter begins to die down, then starts up again.
text: Finally comes a moment of silence while they struggle to
text: regain breath, and during that moment Allnutt hears a SOUND
dialog: which is not at all funny.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Rosie, listen... You 'ear wot I 'ear?
text: OVER the SOUND of the engine, comes a distant ROAR.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I guess that wasn't Ulanga Falls,
dialog: after all.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (soberly)
dialog: I guess not.
text: Allnutt applies himself to the boiler, putting more wood in,
dialog: adjusting the draft.
text: The speed of the river increases, as does the DIN of the
text: approaching cataract. The African Queen begins to heave among
text: the first waves of the race.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: staring forward as she braces herself once more to hold the
dialog: tiller steady.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- THE RIVER AHEAD -- (FROM ROSE'S VIEW)
text: as the waterfall comes into view, Allnutt in f.g.
text: He throws her a swift, backward look.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP -- ROSE
text: scared, but game.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Goodbye, Charlie.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- ALLNUTT
text: shouting an answer; his voice is lost in the UPROAR.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT (MOVING) -- THE AFRICAN QUEEN
text: as she rears up and hangs for a moment at the crest of the
text: waterfall. Then she shoots forward and down, finally to crash
text: in a tangle of currents below the waterfall. She shakes with
text: the impact. Water flies back, high over the top of the funnel,
text: then she surges on.
text: There is a TEARING SOUND beneath, followed by a horrid
text: vibration which seems as if it will shake the boat to pieces.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP -- ROSE
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Keep her going, Charlie!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: opening the throttle. The devastating vibration increases.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: as she fights to keep the boat in mid-current, but something
dialog: is wrong with the steering.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Charlie!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: He points toward the bank where a big rock juts out into the
dialog: river.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: fighting the tiller. The boat swings around crabwise toward
text: the rock, and it looks for a moment as though the stern will
text: surely crash into it. Rose keeps the tiller hard over. Sure
dialog: enough, The African Queen comes all the way about, her bows
text: to the shore, grounded; but the maneuver is not completely
text: successful. Instantly she heels and rolls. A mass of water
text: comes boiling in over the gunwale. The boiler fire is
text: extinguished and a wild flurry of steam pours out.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: Grabbing a painter, he leaps like an athlete into the whirling
text: eddy, gets his shoulder under the bows and heaves.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- THE BOAT
text: The bows slide off and the boat rights herself, wallowing,
text: three-quarters full of water. Instantly the current pulls
dialog: her downstream.
text: CAMERA PANS as Allnutt leaps up the face of the rock,
text: clutching the painter. He gives it a turn around an angle of
text: the rock and braces himself. His shoulder-joints crack as
text: the rope tightens, but slowly the boat swings in to shore.
text: Five seconds later, she is safe, and Allnutt is making painter
text: after painter fast to the shore.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: standing on the bench in the stern, the water slopping at
text: her feet. She manages a smile at Allnutt. She feels a little
text: sick and faint now that it is all over.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: He sits down on a rock and grins back at her.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: We nearly done it that time, didn't
dialog: we, Rosie.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: as she sits on the gunwale. She doesn't wish to let her
text: weakness be seen. She forces herself to be matter of fact.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I wonder how much we've lost.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Let's get this water out and see.
text: He swings himself aboard, splashes down to the waist and
text: fishes about for the pails.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: as she tucks her skirt up into her underclothes as though
text: she were a little girl at the seaside. CAMERA PANS with her
text: to Allnutt. She takes a pail and the two of them go to
text: bailing, and conversation ceases with the effort.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- (SHOOTING DOWN OVER ROSE'S
speaker_heading: SHOULDER)
text: He has gotten up a couple of floor boards in the waist, and
text: is down on his knees inspecting the planking.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: It's better than we coulda hoped
dialog: for. We 'aven't lost nothin', far as
dialog: I can see. 'Aven't damaged 'er skin
dialog: worth mentionin'. I shoulda thought
dialog: there'd been an 'ole in 'er
dialog: somewheres, after wot she's been
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What was all that clattering just
dialog: before we stopped?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: We still got to find that out, old
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: How are we going to do that, dear?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I'll 'ave to go underneath and 'ave
dialog: a look.
text: He is out of his shirt and trousers in a jiffy. His drawers
text: are the old-fashioned kind reaching to the knee and tying up
text: with a string behind. He picks up a rope and ties one end
text: around his middle and gives the other end to Rose.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: There ain't no other way. You stay
dialog: 'andy with that rope -- case there's
text: a fancy current down at the bottom...
dialog: 'Ere goes!
text: And over the side he goes. His feet remain in view for a
text: moment; then, kicking, they disappear.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER SHOT -- THE PROPELLER SHAFT OF THE LAUNCH
text: Allnutt swims into the picture, giving forth with bubbles.
text: He inspects the shaft.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: leaning far over the stern, trying to glimpse what is
text: happening beneath The African Queen. Presently, Allnutt's
text: head breaks the surface of the water.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (hovering anxiously
dialog: over him)
dialog: Could you see anything, dear?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- ALLNUTT AND ROSE
text: With her help, he climbs back aboard, sits down on the bench.
text: Rose sits beside him and waits for him to regain his breath.
text: She puts out her dry hand and clasps his wet one.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (dully)
text: Shaft's bent to blazes like a
text: corkscrew, and there's a blade gone
text: off the prop.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We'll have to mend it, then.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Mend it!
dialog: (he laughs bitterly)
dialog: Not likely.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Why is that, dear?
dialog: (he doesn't answer)
dialog: What shall we have to do before we
dialog: go on?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I'll tell ya.
dialog: (savage despondency
dialog: in his tone)
dialog: I'll tell ya what we could do if we
dialog: was sittin' in the landin' slip at
dialog: Limbasi. We could pull this old tub
dialog: out an' take the shaft down an' 'aul
dialog: it over to the workshop where they'd
dialog: forge it straight again. An' then we
dialog: could write to the makers and get a
dialog: new prop. They might 'ave one in
dialog: stock 'cause this boat ain't over
dialog: thirty years old. An' while we was
dialog: waitin' we might clean 'er bottom
dialog: an' paint 'er. Then we could put in
dialog: the shaft an' the new prop an' launch
dialog: 'er an' go on as if nothin' 'ad
dialog: 'appened. -- But this ain't Limbasi,
dialog: an' so we can't.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Can't you get the shaft out without
dialog: pulling the boat on shore?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I dunno. I might. Means workin'
dialog: underwater. Could do it perhaps.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, if you were able to get the
dialog: shaft up on shore, could you
dialog: straighten it?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Ain't got no hearth. Ain't got no
dialog: anvil. Ain't got no coal. Ain't got
dialog: nothin'. An' furthermore, I ain't no
dialog: blacksmith.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (tapping her memory)
dialog: I saw a Masai native working once.
text: Using charcoal... on a big hollow
dialog: stone. He had a boy to fan the
dialog: charcoal.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Yes, I've seen that, too! But I'd
dialog: use a bellows, myself -- make them
dialog: easy enough.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, if you think that would be
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (the engineer in him
dialog: taking over)
dialog: There's 'eaps an' 'eaps of driftwood
text: up on the bank.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Why don't you try it?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (suddenly shying)
dialog: No. It ain't no use, Rosie, old girl.
dialog: I was forgettin' that prop. There's
text: a blade gone.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Can't we go on the blades that are
dialog: left?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: There's a torque. Prop wouldn't be
dialog: balanced. Wouldn't take five minutes
text: for the shaft to be like a corkscrew
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We'll have to make another blade.
dialog: There's lots of iron and stuff you
dialog: could use.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (ironically)
dialog: And tie it on, I suppose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (missing his irony)
dialog: Yes, if you think that will do. But
dialog: wouldn't it be better to -- weld it?
dialog: That's the right word, isn't it?
dialog: Weld it on?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: You're a one, Rosie. Really you are.
dialog: (laughs)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Isn't weld the right word, dear? You
dialog: know what I mean even if it isn't,
dialog: don't you?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Oh, it's the right word, all right.
text: He laughs again. At first, Rose is afraid that his laugh is
text: caused by desperation, but when she sees that it is not, she
text: laughs with him.
text: Directly they are in each other's arms, kissing as two people
dialog: might be expected to kiss on the second day of their
dialog: honeymoon.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: UNDERWATER SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: working on the shaft. Now and then he bangs his hammer on
text: the hull of the boat. Apparently he and Rose have a system
text: of signals. Just as he succeeds in loosening the bracket
text: supporting the shaft, a whim of the river expresses itself
text: in a fierce underwater swirl. Allnutt is turned upside down,
text: but he holds onto the bracket like grim death.
scene_heading: ROSE -- IN THE STERN
text: pulling in on the rope. Allnutt comes to the surface, drops
text: the bracket into the boat.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (gasping)
text: Swallered about half the river that
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You were down there an awfully long
dialog: time. I got scared.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Shaft is ready to come out now. It'll
dialog: be too heavy for me to swim up with.
dialog: I'll 'ave to walk with it in to
dialog: shore... Well, 'ere goes -- for the
dialog: last time, I 'ope.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Charlie.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Let me help you.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: 'Ow do you mean?
text: She begins to peel off her clothes.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Wot d'you think you're goin' to do?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Go down with you.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: An' get drownded? You don't know wot
dialog: it's like, Rosie. Them currents is
dialog: just fierce.
dialog: (he shakes his head)
dialog: Wot'll you be thinkin' of next!
dialog: (he takes two deep
dialog: breaths)
dialog: Well, 'ere goes.
dialog: (After a third and
dialog: deeper breath, he is
dialog: gone.)
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- UNDERWATER -- THE SHAFT
text: Allnutt swims into view, slides the shaft out through the
text: bearings and begins to carry it toward shore. The current
text: catches him. He loses his footing, regains it, only to fall
text: again. The heavy shaft is too much for one man to handle.
text: He is struggling vainly with it when into the SCENE swims
text: Rose. She takes one end of the shaft, Allnutt the other, and
text: together they walk under water toward shore
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- MAKESHIFT FORGE -- NIGHT
text: Rose is working the bellows while Allnutt hammers patiently.
text: Presently he lays aside the hammer and, using a taut string,
text: judges the straightness of the shaft. Apparently he is pleased
text: with his work, for he grins at Rose and nods briefly.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: If my old dad 'ad put me to
dialog: blacksmithin' when I was a kid, I
dialog: don't think I should never 'ave come
dialog: to Africa. I might've --
dialog: (a faraway look comes
text: into his eyes; he is
dialog: thinking about Charing
dialog: Cross on a Saturday
dialog: night; finally he
dialog: shakes himself)
dialog: -- But then I shouldn't never 'ave
dialog: met you, Rosie old girl.
dialog: (he goes back to
dialog: hammering)
dialog: I wouldn't trade you for all the
dialog: fried fish shops in the world.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (protesting this
dialog: accolade)
dialog: Oh, Charlie!
text: He slips a ring of wire over the end of the shaft and moves
text: it up and down its length, testing the diameter.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Well, I guess it's just about as
dialog: good as I can get it -- And it didn't
dialog: take so long a time, neither.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Only a week.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: The blade's a different proposition.
dialog: I'll 'ave to make it.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INSERT: THE NEW PROPELLER BLADE (DAY SHOT)
text: held in place on stone anvil with a pair of pliers; it is
text: beginning to take shape under blows of Allnutt's hammer. The
text: pliers carry it over the other two blades, which are its
dialog: models, and turn it this way and that for purposes of
dialog: comparison.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: UNDERWATER SHOT -- ALLNUTT AND ROSE
text: getting the shaft, with its new propeller, back into position.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- THE PROPELLER (UNDER WATER)
text: turning. SOUND of the engine, o.s. CAMERA TILTS UP. Allnutt
text: is leaning over the stern, watching. In the b.g. stands Rose,
text: with her hand on the throttle.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: It turns right enough. But that don't
dialog: prove nothin' much. Will it stand up
dialog: under a full head of steam, that's
dialog: the question. We'll get our answer
dialog: out there -- and Lord 'elp us if it
dialog: ain't the right one.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Let's find out right now.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Why not?
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
text: Rose comes back and takes the tiller in hand. Allnutt casts
text: off the moorings. As the bows come out into the current, he
text: gently opens the throttle.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Goodbye, darling.
text: He bends over the engine.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Goodbye, darling.
text: Neither she nor Allnutt hears the other; neither is meant
dialog: to; there is a high courage in them both.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT -- THE AFRICAN QUEEN
text: CAMERA PANS with boat as she surges out into the stream. She
text: spins around as her bows come into the river, and Rose puts
text: the tiller across. Next moment she is flying down the stream
dialog: once more.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXTERIOR -- THE RIVER -- LONG SHOT
text: In the foreground, a spray of jungle foliage in sharp and
text: exotic contrast to the upland pines of the last sequence.
text: The African Queen comes into view, and CAMERA PANS with her.
text: A flock of ibis in the path of The African Queen rise on
text: great snowy wings, only to settle again when she has passed.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT AND ROSE
text: looking about them.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Well, we done it, old girl. We got
dialog: down the rapids all right. I didn't
dialog: think it could be done. If it 'adn't
dialog: been for you, sweetheart, we shouldn't
dialog: be 'ere now. Don't you feel proud of
dialog: yourself, dear?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (indignantly)
dialog: No, of course not. Look at the way
dialog: you made the engine go. Look how you
dialog: mended the propeller. It wasn't me
dialog: at all.
dialog: (with even greater
dialog: emphasis)
dialog: I don't think there's another man
dialog: alive who could have done it.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: I don't think anyone's likely to
dialog: try.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT (MOVING) -- A TURN IN THE RIVER
text: Her waters widen and a dreary, marshy, amphibious world is
text: revealed; tree trunks and little creeper-entangled islands
text: take the place of the foaming rocks of the upper river.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- ALLNUTT AND ROSE
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Looks like this old river got tired
dialog: of all that runnin' an' jumpin' she
dialog: did an' decided to lay down an' rest
dialog: for a while... 'Ow about our doin'
dialog: the same, Rosie -- seein' as 'ow the
dialog: sun's goin' down.
text: Rose nods. She edges The African Queen in towards the shore.
text: Allnutt gets his boat hook into the stump of a large tree
text: which, still half alive, grows precariously on the edge of
text: the water with half its roots exposed.
text: Rose goes to the boiler and starts making tea, while Allnutt
text: gets a line around a root. There is hardly any current. The
text: light is fading.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: It must be right 'bout 'ere the river
text: changes her nyme from Ulanga to Bora.
dialog: (he slaps at a mosquito)
dialog: Not that it matters. Nobody lives
dialog: between 'ere and the lake. Unless
dialog: you call monkeys people.
text: He slaps again. There is the high frequency SOUND of
text: mosquitoes which fill the air.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (slapping)
dialog: How much farther do you think it is
dialog: to the lake?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Oh -- not so many miles, but --
text: He slaps his arms and legs, get up and stands and makes swift
text: passes in the air, as though shadow-boxing.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (slapping)
dialog: But what, Charlie?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (a note of hysteria
dialog: in his voice)
dialog: I got a feelin' that before long
dialog: we'll wish we was shootin' the rapids
dialog: again... Ow!... Ow!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
text: It is nightfall and the mosquitoes have left their homes in
text: the mud, under leaves, on stalks of reeds, to hunt flesh and
text: blood. They close in on Rose and Allnutt; they bite through
text: clothes -- they crawl under clothes; some of the smallest
text: creep into nostrils and under eyelids. Rose and Allnutt are
dialog: used to ordinary attacks, but this is beyond all experience.
text: They slap ever more wildly; they begin to show panic.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh!
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: This is awful!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (pulling at her dress)
dialog: I'm going in! I'm going to get under
dialog: the water!
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Yes! That's it!
text: But looking past Rose toward the river, he sees something
text: that makes him grab her wrist.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: But I'm being eaten alive!
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Look.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- LARGE CROCODILE
text: on the bank.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: What'd you say 'bout bein' eaten
dialog: alive?
dialog: And now we see that it is not one crocodile but several
text: submerged and partially submerged. Two slide into the water
dialog: from the bank.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
text: After their first start at the sight of the crocs, they go
text: back to fighting the cloud of mosquitoes that, hungry for
text: blood, fill the air with their WHINING.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Get me out of here, Charlie! I'm
dialog: going mad!
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
text: Allnutt runs to the engine, tries to start it.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Ain't no steam. Can't start engine.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (wails)
dialog: I can't stand it, Charlie!
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: 'Ere! Lay down! Get under the canvas
dialog: there! I'll get us out into the
dialog: channel.
text: She obeys. Allnutt casts off, and seizing a deckboard begins
text: to paddle. The space between the launch and the bank slowly
text: widens till at last they are in the channel. Rose peeps out
text: from under the canvas.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Right, Rosie. We got away from 'em.
dialog: You can come out.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (crawling out)
dialog: I'm ashamed, Charlie, acting like
dialog: that -- but I couldn't help it. I
dialog: was going mad.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Me, too.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You're so bitten!
text: Even in the faded light, his face and body show innumerable
dialog: bumps.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: The bites themselves ain't so bad;
dialog: it's 'avin' them all round you. I've
dialog: 'eard of them sendin' buffaloes an'
dialog: native cattle stark starin' mad --
dialog: an' they run an' run till they fall
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: What are we going to do, Charlie?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Now you're asking!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Will they be like that wherever we
dialog: tie up?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Can't say.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We can't just drift all night.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: If the river keeps straight an' deep
dialog: an' slow, there ain't nothin' much
dialog: can 'urt us -- I know! I'll let the
dialog: anchor out a ways. She'll stop us
text: before trouble gets too near.
text: He lets the anchor chain out, then sits on the bench. Rose
text: leans against him. He puts his arm around her.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (after a long silence)
dialog: What a time, Rosie -- what a time!
dialog: We'll never lack for stories to tell
dialog: our grandchildren -- if we live to
dialog: 'ave any.
text: The launch seems to be floating in space, solitary as any
text: one of the stars that are now beginning to shine and twinkle
dialog: overhead.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. DELTA -- DAWN
text: The river ends in a five-mile-wide pool, fringed all the way
text: round with reeds. These reeds extend as far as the eye can
dialog: see.
text: The boat comes down into the pool, nosing along the edge,
text: looking for an opening. Allnutt and Rose are talking as she
text: steers and he feeds the furnace.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Look -- maybe that's a channel.
dialog: (it isn't)
dialog: No.
text: A herd of hippopotami suddenly surface and scatter. Plunging
text: through water, mud and reeds just ahead of the boat. Behind
text: them is left a faint indication of a channel.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What about there?
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: That looks like a way through.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: showing a very doubtful passage into the reed bed.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Could be.
dialog: (worried)
dialog: I dunno.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Once we get in, an' these 'ere reeds
dialog: close up be'ind our stern -- we'd
dialog: never get back, you know, Rosie.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We can't stay going round and round
dialog: out here.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: If anything goes wrong a few 'undred
dialog: feet in there, we're 'eld in a trap,
dialog: you know -- till we starve or go orf
dialog: our 'eads. I dunno!
dialog: (loudly. decisively)
dialog: All right. Put 'er over.
text: Rose swings the tiller and the boat charges at the little
text: opening in the reeds.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT -- REEDS
text: looking from outside. We see the boat nose into the opening.
text: In front of her the reeds part. Others are pressed under
text: water. But as soon as her full length is inside, the reeds
text: she has parted or submerged close together again, or rise
text: slowly from under water. As they close, they form an
text: increasingly solid barrier behind her wide stern. Very soon
text: The African Queen is completely hidden from us except for
text: the top of her tall funnel, which moves more and more slowly
text: as she goes on into the reed bed.
scene_heading: EXT. REED BED
text: seen from a few feet above. A view of the endless miles of
text: papyrus reed. At one place we see the top of the funnel of
dialog: The African Queen.
scene_heading: EXT. -- THE LAUNCH
text: the engine choking and gasping, shaking the launch. CAMERA
speaker_heading: PANS DOWN TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE -- BOW OF LAUNCH
text: pushing ineffectually against the knotted roots of the reeds,
text: which have piled up under it. There is almost no water --
text: just the tangled roots and an inch of liquid mud.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- ALLNUTT
text: shutting off steam. The corners of his mouth tighten. He is
text: badly frightened. He tries to keep the fear out of his voice
text: as he tells Rose; but we can see that Rose is desperately
dialog: scared too.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: It's the propeller, I think. It won't
dialog: work in this mud.
text: Allnutt looks down over stern. He gets up.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Where's the boat-'ook?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Allnutt finding boat hook and moving forward.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Maybe we can pull 'er along.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- BOWS OF LAUNCH
text: Allnutt reaching forward with boat hook, hooking it into
text: strong clumps of reeds, pulling desperately. The clumps
text: resist; it seems as if the boat is about to move. Then the
text: clumps give way.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- ROSE
text: amidships, watching Allnutt.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Here! Wait a minute!
text: She finds a long pole or plank, chooses a good spot and begins
text: to push. After a couple of ineffectual attempts, Allnutt
text: hooks an especially strong clump at the same time as Rose
text: finds a solid spot against which to push.
text: The boat heaves and shakes, and, with a final heart-breaking
text: effort on the part of Rose and Allnutt, it moves forward a
text: couple of feet.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
text: gasping for breath, hope flickering up again.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Come on -- again!
text: As they resume their efforts, CAMERA DRAWS BACK, RISING TO
scene_heading: FULL SHOT -- REED BED
text: from twenty feet above. We see the funnel of the launch
text: inching slowly and painfully through the reeds.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT -- THE AFRICAN QUEEN
text: in the reeds. Rose and Allnutt are poling with their boat
text: hooks. Even through the masks of mud they are wearing, we
text: can see that they are both terribly haggard and exhausted.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: We've come along under steam, and we
dialog: paddled an' pushed 'an' pulled the
dialog: ole boat along with the 'ook. Wot we
dialog: ain't done yet is get out an' carry
dialog: 'er. I spose that'll come next.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Hard to breathe! -- the air is so
text: wet and heavy.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Can't 'ardly tell water from land --
dialog: or for that matter, day from night.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: The whole thing is like a fever dream,
dialog: isn't it?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: All the channels we've lost -- an'
dialog: the twistin' we've done -- we may
dialog: come back out where we started -- if
dialog: we come out at all.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We've always followed the current,
dialog: dear -- what little there is.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: That don't mean nothin' -- with this
dialog: river. This river's crazy. Crazy as
dialog: I am!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Charlie.
dialog: (she touches him)
dialog: We must try to keep hold of ourselves.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Sorry, old girl.
text: Allnutt starts pushing all the more energetically on his
dialog: pole.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Best thing to put the roses back in
dialog: our cheeks is to get out o' these
dialog: reeds.
text: Allnutt's exertions carry them into the shallows. The boat
text: touches bottom. Not all of their strivings with the boathooks
dialog: serve to move it an inch further.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (finally)
dialog: What I said a while back about 'avin'
dialog: to carry the boat was meant for a
dialog: joke -- but as it turns out, I wasn't
dialog: jokin'.
text: Taking the painter, he goes over the side and starts pulling
text: like a draft animal. Slowly, ever so slowly, the boat begins
text: to move, until at last she is floating again.
text: Rose helps him back in. Suddenly she gives a cry of horrified
dialog: surprise.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: What's the matter?
text: Rose can only point. As he sees what it is, Allnutt's face
text: contorts with panic and disgust. He makes a kind of growl of
dialog: horrified surprise, across which:
scene_heading: DETAIL SHOT -- ALLNUTT'S ARM, CHEST OR BELLY
text: A couple of leeches hang to him, visibly swelling with his
dialog: blood.
text: QUICK PULL AWAY TO TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT -- Over his
text: line; we see 20 or 30 leeches on him.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Augh, the little beggars --
dialog: (a cracking voice)
dialog: Pull 'em off me, Rosie -- no, the
dialog: heads stay -- poison yer blood.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (sudden remembrance)
dialog: Salt!
text: She rushes to get their tin box of it.
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE UP -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
text: eyes on what she is doing below SCREEN.
scene_heading: DETAIL -- DAMP SALT
text: applied to a leech. It flinches, elongates, bunches and
text: swells, and drops off.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
text: She dabs salt on the last two or three, while he stands like
text: a partly calmed, still shocked horse.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Anythin' I hate in this world it's
dialog: leeches -- filthy devils.
text: He stands trembling quietly, the triangular bites still bleed
text: freely. Rose dabs tenderly at one of the sinister little
dialog: wounds.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT -- AT BOWS (SHOOTING FORWARD
speaker_heading: FROM STERN)
text: They hook the boat with great effort slowly along. The hull
text: grazes something. They work still harder. There is a rumbling
text: SCRAPE. Then, also, a sludgy GRINDING.
text: With the grinding, Allnutt moans as if in his sleep and tries
text: desperately to reverse direction.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: Back! 'Old 'er back --
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (imitating him)
dialog: Mud?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Yes.
text: There is too much momentum for them.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (reversing his dragging)
dialog: Let's try an' get 'er over it, then.
dialog: Give 'er all you got, Rosie.
text: They strain enough to half kill them; the sludgy grinding
text: intensifies.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: Good girl -- we're still makin'
dialog: 'eadway -- All you got now --
text: Abruptly the boat comes to a dead stop.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: VERTICAL SHOT -- THE MOTIONLESS GUNWALE AND MANGROVES
text: and the just perceptibly moving slime on the water between.
speaker_heading: ROSE AND ALLNUTT
text: They sit by each other, she holding his forehead; he is in a
text: dry nausea of exhaustion.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: There, there, dear. There, there.
dialog: There, dear.
text: Able to speak, ashamed, he tries to joke.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Fine specimen of a man I am, ain't
dialog: I!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You're the bravest man that ever
dialog: lived.
text: He is silent, slowly and rather inanely shaking his head;
text: she watches him.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (like a very old wife
dialog: to a very old husband)
dialog: Lie down, dear. Rest. Both of us.
text: He keeps on shaking his head.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You just overdo, that's all. You
dialog: must take care of yourself! You're
dialog: not one bit well.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Well! We're both of us half dead.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (ignoring this)
dialog: Besides, it's high time we had our
dialog: supper. It'll be dark before long.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: You 'ave some. I ain't up to it yet.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: Or a nice steaming cup of tea.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: You fix yourself some.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Not just yet, thank you.
text: (she gets up, taking
dialog: his hand)
dialog: Come now.
dialog: (she helps him weakly
dialog: up)
dialog: Lie-down.
text: CAMERA STAYS WITH THEM, MOVING INTO VERTICAL TWO SHOT --
text: Rose helps Allnutt to the floor, and nurse-like, puts bunched
text: rags under his head.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: There now. All comfy?
text: He tries to smile.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: You rest, too.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Indeed I will.
text: (she lies down beside
text: him and smiles at
dialog: him)
dialog: That's all we need, a good long rest,
dialog: and we'll be on our way in a jiffy.
dialog: You'll see.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (managing a smile)
dialog: Sure.
text: She turns her back to him because she can't meet his eyes.
text: Both lie with eyes wide open, obsessed.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Try to sleep, dear.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Sure. You too.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Of course.
text: She reaches a hand behind her and pets him. He clearly has,
text: and resists, an impulse to take her hand.
text: She withdraws her hand. A pause.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Rosie.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (pause; with quiet
dialog: dread)
dialog: Yes, Charlie.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: You want to know the truth, don't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (pause; very quietly)
dialog: I know it.
text: His eyes show deep pain.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We're finished.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Even if we had all our strength we'd
dialog: never be able to get her off this
dialog: mud.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Not a chance in this world.
text: They are silent a while; everything is in their eyes. As
text: suddenly and swiftly as her weakness allows, she turns to
text: him; their faces are close.
text: CAMERA DROPS NEARER.
text: She looks into his quiet eyes; her own eyes are fiery, not
text: with tears but with passionate, incredulous despair;
text: speechless, trying to speak; a sort of palsy.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: So useless!
text: He puts a hand along her cheek. Slowly he realizes, and
text: enhances for us, her only concern with dying.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: They don't come no better'n you.
text: They lie still, looking at each other.
text: Within about 15 seconds, their faces profoundly alter; by
text: changes of makeup, every couple of seconds, the motionless
text: faces become years older, and take on a kind of worn majesty;
text: and gradually lose consciousness; by the end of the seconds,
text: the eyes are closed. The CAMERA meanwhile very slowly
text: withdraws upward. In the last we can clearly see of their
text: faces, they are quite possibly dead. As CAMERA RISES, we see
text: them at full length, as prostrated and flattened as grasses
text: pressed in a book; then, their static boat and the crawling
text: water; the CAMERA RISES among the overhanging mangrove
text: branches which obscure and trap them; and, as it rises, the
text: SCREEN slowly darkens.
text: The CAMERA STOPS RISING. The dead silence is broken by an
text: infinitesimal SOUND OF RUSTLING. By eye and ear, after a few
text: seconds, it becomes recognizable as the stillest, slenderest
text: kind of rain, splintering downward, very gradually increasing
text: in volume and in richness of SOUND as the darkness deepens,
text: to an immense, peaceful, steady, flooding downpour. The
text: darkness pales into full daylight and the downpour continues,
text: and through it we can dimly see the boat and the prostrate
text: bodies, and after perhaps ten seconds of the new daylight
text: (after maybe fifteen of darkness), the rain begins to abate
text: and the CAMERA BEGINS VERY SLOWLY TO DESCEND.
text: It gets down through the branches. The bodies are motionless;
text: so is the boat; but the slime on the water, though still
text: slow, moves with a distinct new kind of energy.
text: THE CAMERA STOPS DESCENDING. A couple of seconds later, the
text: boat stirs, just perceptibly; motionless again; then stirs
text: again, more distinctly.
text: At height of PULL UP OF CAMERA and darkening, a quiet rich
text: CRUMPLING OF THUNDER. (Throughout this short sequence all
text: sounds, even those recorded at full blast, are held way down
text: on the track -- as if heard in a dream or in imagination.)
text: Across MUTTERING OF THUNDER --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: SHOT -- SKY AND MOUNTAINS
text: Low in foreground, a sharp watershed peak; all foliage is
text: fiercely ruffled, showing pale undersides: beyond, a
text: tremendous valley, a dim streak of river through it; beyond
text: that, magnificent peaks: but most of the SCREEN is sky, in
text: which (sped up by SLOW CAMERA) prodigious black and white
text: clouds bloom, explode and wrestle. Over all, a solemn, ominous
text: light. A moment of absolute stillness; then first huge drops
text: of splattering rain; then SCREEN is blinded and deafened
text: with simultaneous THUNDER AND LIGHTNING, over which CAMERA
text: TILTS DOWNWARD along the line of enormous columns of rain
text: which take over SCREEN.
text: SHOOTING UPSTREAM, to breadth of a swollen river, in heavy
dialog: rain:
text: PAN DOWNSTREAM, past Mission clearing.
text: Possible CUT IN: Mission bungalow screen door flapping and
text: banging in wind; or porch rocking chairs' ghostlike cradling:
text: PAN ON DOWNSTREAM flooding water.
text: LONG SHOT across roaring river on Shona, PANNING DOWNSTREAM;
text: one tiny figure struggles miserably through mud:
text: Possible CUT IN: the drowned German flag, clinging
text: disconsolately to its pole.
text: END PAN on water at mouth of rapids; bring up ROAR From high
dialog: and to one side: where the rapids enter the Basin: (greatly
dialog: augmented water NOISE.)
text: PULL CAMERA DOWN and to right to VERTICAL SHOT over the Rose-
text: Allnutt waterfall, much more water than before, plunging
text: into pool; bringing up SOUND sharp.
text: TILT CAMERA UP to right, to center on where rapids leave the
text: pool; the whole pool, dark and calm on first trip, is now
text: boiling white. TILT A LITTLE FURTHER and CUT OFF SHORT.
text: The rock behind which they sheltered for the welding; it is
text: so over-whelmed with water it is no longer visible; there
text: could be no anchorage here now. QUICK PAN DOWNSTREAM.
text: Where the river enters the pre-Delta broadening: the water
text: is markedly slowed, but there is much more movement than
text: when we were here before; TILT UPWARD across a solid floor
text: of calmer, rain-marked water, lighter rain and THUNDER,
text: overcast; SOUND of calm, steady rain on miles of water; the
text: reeds where Rose and Allnutt entered: lighter rain; its SOUND
text: among reeds; the water is distinctly higher on the reeds and
text: broken reeds distinctly move on it; LIFT towards mangroves
text: past reeds.
text: Mangroves and shadow; and the infinitesimal splintery
text: whisperings of light rain. TILT CAMERA DOWNWARD and resume
text: the vertical SHOT on which we faded from Rose and Allnutt,
text: and SLOWLY BRING THE CAMERA TOWARDS THEM, through and beyond
text: mangrove tanglings, to MEDIUM CLOSE. The boat shines with
text: wetness and they are drabbled with it. Nothing moves except
text: the slime-flecked water and that moves slowly, but with a
text: new kind of energy. Neither Rose nor Allnutt is conscious.
text: At MEDIUM CLOSE, halt CAMERA. A couple of seconds after it
text: stops, there is a first, scarcely discernible shifting motion
text: of the boat. They are still unconscious. Bring up the SMALL
text: SOUNDS OF RUNNING WATER a little; another little shifting of
text: the boat; a little more distinct. They are still unconscious.
scene_heading: ROSE -- IN EXTREME CLOSE UP
text: She looks as if she had cried herself dry, and she looks as
dialog: if she might quite possibly be dead.
scene_heading: ALLNUTT -- EXTREME CLOSE UP
text: His face is crumpled and distorted against one elbow; in his
text: face, too, there is the look of incredible sadness and defeat;
text: and he, too, could be dead.
dialog: (In both faces, also the epitome of utter weariness and of
dialog: rest after weariness.)
text: DETAIL SHOT -- Allnutt's emaciated hand, motionless, caressing
text: her shoulder, and involved in her hair.
text: ANOTHER -- Her own hands, motionless; they are folded --
text: quite unconsciously -- in her automatic gesture of prayer.
text: TILT CAMERA UPWARDS from this -- past gunwale, we see by
text: quiet motion of mangrove roots, that the whole boat is
text: cradling gently in the rain.
text: FROM BENEATH BOAT -- DETAIL SHOT -- past bottom of hull, dim
text: daylight opens just discernibly as boat lifts from muck.
scene_heading: PAST PROW -- ON MANGROVES
text: Prow is just perceptibly rising.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER SHOT -- BENEATH THE KEEL
text: a real, gaping light now, visible in motion of boat and of
text: water and of muck-flakes in water.
scene_heading: PAST PROW -- ON MANGROVES
text: The prow really moves forward now.
scene_heading: ANOTHER SHOT -- PAST PROW (UNDERWATER)
text: A new obstruction looms; a thick, dark root; prow (and CAMERA)
text: come right up against it but hit it slowly, a little to one
text: side, and the whole boat, with a hollow SCRAPING, glances
text: along past.
text: ACROSS THE GLANCING
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- BOAT (FROM DOWNSTREAM)
text: silently floating towards CAMERA in rustling rain, pointing
text: slantwise, beginning to straighten.
scene_heading: ABOARD -- (PAST ROSE AND ALLNUTT)
text: who are still unconscious; athwart the boat; the quiet
text: movement past the mangroves.
scene_heading: THE ENGINE -- (SHOOTING FORWARD FROM STERN)
text: The engine approaches a low and dangerous-looking branch; it
dialog: just clears
scene_heading: BOAT -- (SHOOTING PAST PROW)
text: The boat nears a splitting of waterways. Both look bad, but
text: one looks far worse; prow nudges a mangrove mass and for a
text: few seconds everything is at stalemate; then stern begins to
dialog: swing forward.
speaker_heading: BOAT STERN
text: as it begins to swing forward. It looks as if everything
text: would jam; and with soft bumpings and subdued underwater
text: scrapings and near-misses above water too, the boat does a
text: slow, somnambulistic broken-field crawl during which the
text: light becomes stronger and the rain less, and its SOUND less.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ALLNUTT AND ROSE
text: The strengthened lights and shadows move on their faces and
text: their closed eyes. Rose registers nothing. Allnutt's face
text: and his slow, weak, negative hands both convey that he is
text: dreaming something and doesn't believe it. His face goes
text: inert again. There are fewer shadows now, brighter light,
text: and there is a deep quiet scraping SOUND which makes him
text: open his eyes. Still unable to believe what he sees, he turns
text: his face up toward CAMERA.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- THE MOVING, THINNING OVERHEAD TANGLE OF
scene_heading: MANGROVES -- (FROM HIS VIEWPOINT)
text: and the sun-touched last of the rain.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (o.s., softly; an
dialog: almost incapable
dialog: voice)
dialog: Rose. Rosie.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
text: He is half-up, hands on her, trying to stroke and pat her
dialog: awake.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Darling. Dear.
text: He takes her head gently between his hands and turns her
text: face up to him.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Look at us, Rosie! My God just look!
dialog: We're movin', dear! We're movin'!
text: She opens her eyes and looks up. All she sees at first is
text: Allnutt's face, close to her. She looks at it with devotion
text: and with terrible sadness.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We did our best, dear.
text: He grabs her quite roughly into his arms and kisses her
text: several times, rapidly and without passion.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (talking through this)
dialog: No, look, Rosie, just look at us!
dialog: We're movin', don't you see? Movin',
dialog: that's what!
text: And with this, as we catch her first realization and reaction,
text: we leave the last of the mangroves and are among the reeds,
text: gliding slowly yet freely; with a RUSTLING of reeds against
text: the boat reminiscent of the rustling of the finished rain,
text: and the late afternoon sunlight moving through the reeds as
text: though they were harpstrings, and casting an almost rustling
text: of slender light and shadow across their faces. Her face
text: becomes quietly transcendent. She gets with great difficulty
text: to her feet (she is very weak; so is he) and, reaching over
text: the gunwale, begins grabbing reeds and with what strength
text: she has, tries to help them along. As soon as he realizes,
text: he gets up weakly, too, and hurries and gets the pole, crying:
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Easy, Rosie dear! You just rest, old
dialog: girl. Easy now.
text: Meanwhile, with what strength he has, he is poling.
text: Past them and past prow, we see light beyond the high reeds
text: which steadily, slowly part for the prow and sweep past the
text: flanks of the boat.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
text: Both continue working; their incredulous eyes are fixed past
text: the prow. Behind them, reeds partly close back, dark mangroves
text: recede. Their eyes intensify.
scene_heading: PAST PROW -- FROM THEIR VIEWPOINT
text: The last few feet of the reeds part and the boat drifts free
text: and clear onto a horizonless floor of golden light (or if in
text: black and white, a kind of unearthly silver); a low group of
text: wooded islands in the distance.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- MEDIUM CLOSE -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
text: as they still drift, a soft breeze on them, looking around.
text: He sits down, obviously because he feels too weak to stand.
text: Rose, still standing, looks towards him, waiting his authority
text: to believe what she already knows. They speak quietly, as if
dialog: someone were asleep.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It -- really is?
text: He reaches out his hand to her.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Come on -- sit down, old girl. Yer
dialog: tremblin' like a leaf.
text: But she gets down quietly onto her knees and bows her head.
text: He looks at her a few moments, then a little uneasily and
text: shyly, gets down onto his knees. She begins to cry very deeply
text: and silently; we don't see her face. Allnutt puts his arm
text: around her, and she hides her face against him and cries,
text: audibly now but quietly, taking his free hand in her own.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (very quietly)
dialog: There, there, Rosie. There, old girl.
dialog: We're all right now, dear. There,
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It's like Heaven.
text: By Allnutt's face, it is better than that, but he knows what
dialog: she means.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (in a queer voice)
dialog: God let us live.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Musta been 'Im, all right -- 'tweren't
dialog: nothin' in our power.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (quiet, charged voice)
dialog: It wasn't for our sakes, either.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (pause; carefully)
dialog: 'Ow you mean, Rosie?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: He brought us here to do His work.
text: She gets to her feet and walks past CAMERA towards bow.
text: ROSE -- (PAST BOW) as she comes up, Allnutt following. She
text: is looking all around, and past her we see only empty water
text: and empty sky. She begins to look impatient.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Rosie, this lake's an 'undred miles
text: long; forty wide, at the biggest. It
dialog: might be days afore she comes our
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Then start the fire. We'll go find
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: No, Rosie, we won't 'ave to go out
dialog: of our way. She'll come to us.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Come to us?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
text: Patrolin' the lake. She's bound to
dialog: come by, don't you never worry. An'
dialog: when she does, we want to be well
dialog: 'id.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Hmmm. Perhaps you're right.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Sure I am. So let's just cruise about
dialog: a bit till we find a good 'idin'
dialog: place, an' then we'll lay in wait
dialog: fer 'er. Right?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Right.
text: They go back towards engine.
text: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT as, Rose watching almost with
text: reverence, Allnutt strikes a match and touches it to the
text: carefully prepared wood.
scene_heading: THEY WATCH:
text: THE CURLING SMOKE -- (FROM THEIR VIEWPOINT) and catching
text: flame and the SOUNDS -- an image almost of resurrection.
text: ROSE AND ALLNUTT -- (FROM FIRE'S ANGLE) their faces
text: revitalizing, as light of flame works on them over increasing
text: SOUND of fire; he gently shuts the furnace door, and adjusts
text: the draft; the fire begins a really happy ROARING. Allnutt
text: looks up and around across the water, clearly figuring where
dialog: they might cruise around.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (murmuring)
dialog: Let's -- see. We might, uh --
text: His eyes sharpen into great intentness on something very
text: distant.
text: All of a sudden he picks up a bailing pail, dips it full,
text: and douses the fire.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE (PAST ALLNUTT) Rose looks at him amazed. He
text: gestures silently with a jerk of his head. She walks towards
text: CAMERA and looks.
text: LONG SHOT -- THE LAKE Almost invisibly small on the horizon,
text: a small black smudge, a gleaming white speck, which sharpens
text: like a fresh star as we look.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: That's The Louisa.
text: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT He gets up on the gunwale.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Yes, that's The Louisa all right.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Which way are they going?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: They're comin' this way.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (forcing herself to
dialog: be calm)
dialog: They mustn't see us here. Can we get
dialog: far enough among the reeds for them
dialog: not to see us?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Got to work fast.
text: Pulling and tugging with the boat hooks, they swing the launch
text: around and head her into the reeds.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We'll have to cut some down. How
dialog: deep is the mud?
text: Knife in hand, Allnutt goes over the bows among the reeds.
text: WIDER SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT as he goes over the bows. He
text: sinks in the mud until the surface of the water is up to his
text: armpits. Floundering about, he cuts every reed within reach.
text: Then, pulling on the bow painter, he is able to work the
text: launch up into the cleared space.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: There's still a bit of her sticking
dialog: out.
text: She throws a desperate glance towards The Louisa, which is
text: making good time, and is less than half the former distance
dialog: away.
text: Allnutt splashes back among the reeds and goes on cutting
text: and hauling. Rose helps him to get back on board. He is in a
text: state of near collapse from his exertions. He lies on the
text: deck panting while Rose cranes her neck over the reeds.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- THE LOUISA
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: She's coming right toward us, Charlie!
text: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT Groaning, Allnutt staggers to
text: his knees, then to his feet. Together they watch the approach
dialog: of The Louisa.
text: LONG SHOT -- THE LOUISA white, spotless, beautiful. At her
text: stern floats the flag of the Imperial German Navy. On her
text: foredeck, we can pick out the six-pound gun which gives the
text: Germans command of the lake. We can see the figures of sailors
text: moving about on the deck.
text: Over the SOUND of her engines comes a smartly given order,
text: following which The Louisa alters her course by a point or
dialog: two.
text: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT Allnutt groans again, this
dialog: time from relief.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: They're going a different way now.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I thought they'd seen us.
text: LONG SHOT -- THE LOUISA heading toward some little islands
text: in the middle of the lake.
scene_heading: ROSE AND ALLNUTT -- AS BEFORE
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: They're makin' for them islands to
dialog: anchor for the night. They'll go on
dialog: in the mornin'. But don't you worry.
dialog: They'll come 'ere again. You just
dialog: see if they don't. You know 'ow
dialog: Germans are; they lays down systems
dialog: an' they sticks to 'em. Mondays
dialog: they're at one place. Tuesdays
dialog: somewheres else. Wednesdays p'raps
dialog: they're 'ere. Same ole round, week
dialog: after week. You know.
text: LONG SHOT -- THE LOUISA as the SOUND of her engines ceases.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Look! Wot did I tell ya! She's
dialog: droppin' 'er anchor.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: How long will it take to get the
dialog: torpedoes ready?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I can get the stuff into the tubes
dialog: in no time, as you might say. Don't
dialog: know 'bout the detonators. Gotta
dialog: make them up, you see -- devise
dialog: something. Then we got to cut 'oles
dialog: in the bows. Might 'ave it all done
dialog: in three days. Depends on them
dialog: detonators.
text: Rose receives this information in silence. Her eyes remain
text: on The Louisa, now lying at anchor.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Rosie, old girl -- Rosie --
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (a faraway note in
dialog: her voice)
dialog: Yes, dear.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I know wot you're thinkin' 'bout
dialog: doin'.
text: (he takes her hand
dialog: and presses it)
dialog: You're thinkin' 'bout takin' The
dialog: African Queen out at night next time
dialog: The Louisa comes 'ere, ain't you,
dialog: old girl?
dialog: (Rose nods)
dialog: We ought to manage it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: PAN SHOT -- ALLNUTT'S HAND as it takes one of the packages
text: out of the box and carries it to one of the cylinders and
text: places it inside. A wrench and the cylinder head are in view
text: lying on the deck.
text: Allnutt's face comes into the SCREEN. He puts more packages
text: into the cylinder.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to include Allnutt and Rose in TWO SHOT.
text: Leaning over the side, Rose brings up handfuls of mud from
text: the bottom and dumps it on the deck. Allnutt carries the
text: sticky stuff to the cylinder and drops it in.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: INSERT: A DISC OF WOOD IN ALLUTT'S HAND. Three holes have
text: been punched through it. Allnutt's fingers fit cartridges
text: into them. Then a second disc of the same diameter is placed
text: over the first. The second disc has three nails in it. It is
text: turned so that a nail point rests on the percussion cap of
dialog: each cartridge.
speaker_heading: ALLNUTT'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Ought to work all right.
text: He begins to screw the pair of discs together. CAMERA PULLS
text: BACK revealing Rose and Allnutt intent upon his handiwork.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Can't put them into the cylinders
dialog: yet. They're a bit tricky. We can
dialog: put 'em in when we're all ready to
dialog: start.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It will be dark then, of course.
dialog: Will you be able to do it in the
dialog: dark?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Case of have to...
dialog: (he puts the detonators
dialog: away in the locker)
dialog: Better get the cylinders into place
dialog: now.
text: With Rose's help he drags and pushes one of the cylinders
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: CLOSE SHOT -- THE BOW The cylinders in position, projecting
text: like cannon through two holes on either side of the stem
text: just above the waterline. o.s., the SOUND of hammering.
text: The CAMERA RAISES and DOLLIES FORWARD TO: CLOSE SHOT --
text: ALLNUTT -- SHOOTING at him over Rose's shoulder. He is nailing
text: the cylinders solidly into position with battens torn from
dialog: provision cases. Finally, the work done to his satisfaction,
text: he tosses the hammer aside.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Well, old girl -- I done it all now.
dialog: Everything. We're all ready.
text: It is a solemn moment. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (reminiscently)
dialog: You know I been thinkin'. There ain't
dialog: no need for us both to -- to do it.
dialog: Now I've 'ad time to study it, I can
text: plainly see it's a one-man job.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You couldn't be more right, Charlie
dialog: dear.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Glad you agree, Rosie. When the time
dialog: comes I'll put you ashore on the
dialog: south side of the lake and you wait
dialog: for me while I attend to The Louisa...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Certainly not! You're the one to be
dialog: put ashore.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Me...?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Of course, you. This whole thing was
dialog: my idea, wasn't it?... I'm the logical
dialog: one to carry it out.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Why, Rose! I'm surprised! You're a
dialog: very sensible woman as a rule. Now
dialog: we won't 'ave no more talk along
dialog: those lines.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I can manage this launch every bit
dialog: as well as you, Charlie Allnutt, and
dialog: you know it!
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Rosie, you're cracked!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Didn't I steer going down the rapids?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Oh, you steered well enough. But you
dialog: don't know nothin' about the engine.
dialog: Spose she broke down on you out there
dialog: in the middle of the lake? Where
dialog: would you be? But me, I'd leave the
dialog: tiller and go and do a thing or two
dialog: to the engine -- you know, spit on
dialog: 'er or kick 'er in the belly -- an'
dialog: she'd go right to work again. She
dialog: knows 'oo 'er boss is, you bet, that
dialog: ole engine does.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (defeated)
dialog: All right, Charlie. I guess you have
dialog: to be there.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Well, now, that's more like it. I'll
dialog: dive off a second or two before the
dialog: crash and swim over to where you'll
dialog: be waitin' on the north shore.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Charlie...
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No need of our pretending.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I don't know wot you're talkin' about.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh, yes you do. There's got to be a
dialog: hand on that tiller right up to the
dialog: last.
text: Allnutt would like to protest; he opens his mouth to do so,
text: but no words issue. He falls into a stricken silence.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Don't you understand, dear? I wouldn't
dialog: care about going on to Nairobi --
dialog: without you.
text: Having no words, Allnutt can only nod.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: We'll do it together. It will be you
text: at the engine and me at the tiller,
dialog: as it has been from the start.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (in a choked voice)
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: When you come to think of it, we're
dialog: a very lucky couple, really.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Aren't we just.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Charlie.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Yes, dear.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Let's make The African Queen as clean
dialog: as we can. Let's scrub her decks and
text: polish her brass.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (in quick agreement)
dialog: I've got a can o' paint for 'er mast.
dialog: She ought to look 'er best. 'Er very
dialog: best. Representin' as she does the
dialog: Royal Navy.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- THE AFRICAN QUEEN Quite a transformation has
text: taken place in her appearance. Her decks are clean, her brass
text: polished. Rose is engaged in painting her stumpy mast. Her
text: old boiler shines like a mirror. In fact, Allnutt is using
text: it as such while he shaves.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (between strokes of
dialog: the razor)
dialog: I wish I 'ad somethin' clean to put
dialog: on. It don't seem right for the ship's
dialog: captain to be without pants.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Charlie...
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Yes, dear.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I have a pair you can wear.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: You mean a pair o' yours?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What's the difference?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Well, you're the one'll have to look
dialog: at me.
text: She gives them to him. Getting into them, Allnutt begins to
text: laugh. When he reveals himself to Rose, it is with obvious
text: embarrassment. He assumes a position rather like September
dialog: Morn's.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Here. Put this on, too.
dialog: (she displays one of
dialog: her singlets)
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Ain't that goin' a bit too far?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Don't be silly!
text: He takes it and puts it on. He looks intently at Rose,
text: expecting ridicule. Her eyes are not on him; they are on the
dialog: horizon.
text: LONG SHOT -- A PUFF OF SMOKE AND A WHITE DOT The Louisa.
text: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT as she stares at the horizon.
text: His eyes follow hers.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- THE LOUISA
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- A CYLINDER -- (NIGHT) as Allnutt's hands finish
text: fitting a detonator into its fore-end, tapping around its
text: edges with a hammer. He is in the water. CAMERA PANS with
text: him around the bow to the other cylinder. Rose passes down
text: the second detonator. Allnutt puts it into place and pulls
text: himself up over the side. He goes to the boiler which casts
text: a red glow on the surrounding deck, and inspects the gauge.
text: Steam is up. He looks across the waters of the lake toward
text: the little group of islands.
text: LONG SHOT -- THE LOUISA A bundle of faint lights in the
dialog: distance.
text: TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT as a sudden gust of wind strikes
text: the surrounding reeds, causing them to bend and toss. Allnutt
text: takes Rose in his arms. Clinging to one another, they kiss;
dialog: try to speak; fail -- then separate.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Blowing up a bit. We better get
dialog: started. All right?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: All right.
text: He unfastens the side painter, then takes the boat hook and
text: thrusts it against a clump of reeds. The African Queen moves
text: slowly out into the fairway. Allnutt lays the boat hook down,
text: feels for the throttle valve and opens it. The propeller
text: begins its beat and the engine its muffled clanking.
text: FULL SHOT -- THE AFRICAN QUEEN coming out of the reeds into
dialog: the lake.
text: TWO SHOT -- ALLNUTT AND ROSE Allnutt is staring at the bows,
text: scowling.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (observes his
dialog: expression with
dialog: anxiety)
dialog: Is something the matter, dear?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: 'Er bows are ridin' awful low for
dialog: this kind o' water. Them 'eavy
dialog: cylinders are what's doin' it.
text: A wave splashes over the bows into the boat, so that her
text: decks swim in water.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Got to get 'er nose way up 'igh or
dialog: we'll be in trouble.
text: He begins shifting ballast into the stern of the boat, which
text: is swaying and staggering about in haphazard fashion.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We've been through worse.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Rivers is one thing -- open water
dialog: another. She ain't built for it. Not
dialog: when it's rough.
text: He goes to the engine, begins to tinker with it for a moment.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP -- ROSE
text: steering. She is calm, resolute. Allnutt comes back into
text: SHOT. His brows are working.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Rosie.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes, Charlie.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: This 'ere storm is messing things up
dialog: a bit. 'Er bows 'ave got to ride
dialog: 'igh or we'll be swamped before we
dialog: get 'alf way to The Louisa. On the
dialog: other 'and, they've got to be low
dialog: when we 'it 'er, so' the explosion
dialog: will be down at 'er waterline.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Can anything be done?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Just before we 'it, I'll bring the
text: ballast back forrard.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Goodbye, darling.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Goodbye, sweetheart darling...
text: A wave breaks over the side, drenching them both.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Blimey!
scene_heading: FULL SHOT -- THE BOAT
text: It rolls extravagantly as a wind of incredible speed whips
text: down on the lake and rouses the shallow waters to maniacal
text: fury. A series of waves come crashing against the flat sides.
text: Then suddenly the darkness is torn away by a dazzling flash
text: of lightning which reveals the wild waters around them.
text: Thunder follows with a loud BANG like a thousand cannon fired
text: at once. Then comes the rain pouring down through the
text: blackness in solid rivers.
text: The wind abates momentarily, but the surface of the lake
text: still heaves. The boat begins to pound, raising her bows
text: high out of the water and bringing them down again with a
text: shattering CRASH.
text: Allnutt seizes a pail and begins to bail furiously, but to
dialog: no purpose.
text: Now the wind strikes from a new quarter, laying its grip on
text: the torn surface of the lake and building it up into
dialog: mountains.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE
text: numbed and stupefied, but struggling to maintain her hold on
text: the tiller. Suddenly Allnutt is at her side, putting her arm
text: through a life buoy. They totter and sway for a long moment,
text: then the stern of the launch is engulfed by a heavy wave,
text: and they are up to their waists in water. The African Queen
text: is swamped. Very slowly she capsizes. In the distance we see
text: the lights of The Louisa, safe at anchor.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN'S CABIN -- THE LOUISA
text: The CAPTAIN and FOUR of the SHIP'S OFFICERS constitute the
text: court in a proceeding against a small man dressed in woman's
text: bloomers and a ragged singlet. The latter stands, chin on
text: his chest, gazing dully at the carpet.
text: The CAPTAIN is President of the court, of course. He is a
text: corpulent man with whiskers, groomed in imitation of von
text: Triplitz. Behind him on the wall is a portrait in oils of
text: the Kaiser. He keeps his eyes closed throughout the
dialog: proceedings.
text: To the Captain's right, stands the ship's FIRST OFFICER, who
text: is acting as prosecutor. He is clean-shaven, dark, with pale
text: blue eyes; his manner is rigidly correct. To the Captain's
text: left, sits the ship's SECOND OFFICER, who is serving as
text: defense counsel. He is a sleepy, stupid looking man with a
text: big scar on his cheek. All three members of the court are in
text: snowy ducks with gold buttons, white gloves and decorations.
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: (in broken English)
dialog: What is your nationality?
text: Allnutt does nothing to indicate he hears the question.
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: French?... Belgian?... English?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (thickly)
dialog: English.
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: Your name?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Charles Allnutt.
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: What were you doing on the island?
dialog: (Allnutt remains
dialog: sullenly silent)
text: The punishment for not answering the court is hanging.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: All right. 'Ang me. 'Oo cares?
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: What were you doing on the island?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: How did you get there?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Swam.
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: Do you know that you are in an area
dialog: prohibited to all but members of the
dialog: forces of His Imperial Majesty, Kaiser
dialog: Wilhelm II?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: 'Oo cares?
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: What is your rank.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: 'Ow's that?
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: You are a soldier, are you not?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (disgustedly)
dialog: Naaa!
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: What are you then?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I ain't nothin'.
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: (in German)
dialog: The prisoner is obviously here to
dialog: spy on the movements of the K?nigin
dialog: Luise.
text: The Captain, without opening his eyes, turns to the Second
text: Officer; nods to him to proceed. The latter is completely at
text: a loss. He rises, stammers a few words in German.
speaker_heading: 2ND OFFICER
dialog: (in German)
dialog: No proof of criminal intent --
text: He stops, tongue-tied; then throws up his hands in a final
text: gesture, sits heavily and starts wiping his face with a
dialog: handkerchief.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (to Allnutt in English)
dialog: What were you doing here, if you
dialog: were not spying?
dialog: (Allnutt doesn't answer)
dialog: The Court sentences you to death by
dialog: hanging.
dialog: (then in German to
dialog: the others)
dialog: Not from the yard arm, but when we
dialog: reach port.
text: At this moment, there is a bustle outside the tiny crowded
text: cabin. Then the door opens and a colored Petty Officer comes
text: in and salutes them.
speaker_heading: PETTY OFFICER
dialog: (in Swahili)
dialog: We are about to pick up another one.
text: A woman.
text: The Captain rises and goes to the door.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- ROSE
scene_heading: FROM HIS VIEWPOINT
text: She is sitting on one of the small barren islands, a little
text: way up from the beach; the dinghy manned by native oarsmen
text: with a white officer, is already half way there.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN' VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
text: She looks like she's white.
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN'S CABIN -- AS BEFORE
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (to Allnutt in English)
dialog: Was there a woman with you?
text: Allnutt drops his mask of sullen stupidity and turns quickly
text: to the door, but the Captain's bulk is blocking his view. He
text: tries to push him aside. The First Officer hits Allnutt a
text: hard blow across the face. Allnutt runs to a porthole and
text: looks out in time to see:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- ROSE FROM HIS POINT OF VIEW
text: She is struggling with the WHITE OFFICER who is trying to
text: make her enter the boat.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP -- ALLNUTT
text: frantic with excitement.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (calls, shouting)
dialog: Rosie! Rosie!
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- ROSE
text: SHE STOPS STRUGGLING,
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (calling back)
dialog: Charlie!
scene_heading: INT. CABIN -- AS BEFORE
text: The First Officer, who seems to enjoy hitting Allnutt, now
text: delivers a second blow, this time knocking him down. He
text: remains standing over Allnutt while the Captain and Second
text: Officer resume their seats.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (to Allnutt)
dialog: Who is that woman?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (rising unsteadily)
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: But you just called her by name.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I thought it was somebody else.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (in German)
dialog: Maybe I'll change my mind and hang
dialog: you from the yard arm after all.
text: o.s., the SOUND of approaching steps; then Rose, followed by
text: the WHITE OFFICER, enters the cabin. She stands staring at
dialog: Allnutt for a long time.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Charlie dear!
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: 'Ello, Rosie.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Aha! You do know her!
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I calls all the girls Rosie.
text: The WHITE OFFICER swings into view a life buoy on which is
dialog: printed "The African Queen".
speaker_heading: WHITE OFFICER
dialog: (in German)
dialog: She had this with her.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (to Rose, in English)
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Miss Rose Sayer.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: English?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: What are you doing on the lake?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: I ain't told 'im nothin', Rosie.
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: Silence!
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Answer the question!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We were boating.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Last night? In such weather?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We were not responsible for the
dialog: weather.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: And why were you boating?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: That is our affair.
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: As your fellow-prisoner has already
dialog: learned, the penalty for not answering
dialog: the court is death.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (slow take)
dialog: You mean he --
text: She gets it. She goes swiftly close to Allnutt.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Charlie! Are they telling me...
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (in German)
dialog: Order!
text: The First Officer lays a restraining hand on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (wheeling in fury and
dialog: slapping him hard
dialog: across the face)
dialog: Stop that!
text: He goes cold and smiles yellow.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Are they, Charlie? The truth?
text: Allnutt looks back at her; his chin begins to tremble; with
text: heroic effort he masters it. He nods.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Fraulein Sayer, you will come to
dialog: order and answer the questions of
dialog: this court.
text: Rose wheels and faces him; she is all cold fire.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Ask your questions.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: What were you doing on the lake?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We came here to sink this ship, and --
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (in a loud voice)
dialog: Rosie!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: -- and we would have, too, except
dialog: for --
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Rosie!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Let's at least have the fun of telling
dialog: them about it, Charlie.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Don't you believe her, yer Honor.
text: She's touched with the fever.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Oh stop it, Charlie, we've been
dialog: through all this.
dialog: (primly)
dialog: I'm not going to outlive you and
dialog: that's all there is to it.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (a bit amused and
dialog: skeptical)
dialog: Just how, Fraulein, did you propose
dialog: to sink -- the K?nigin Luise?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We were going to ram you.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: With how large a vessel?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: With torpedoes.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN AND 1ST OFFICER
dialog: (look at each other;
dialog: in unison)
dialog: Torpedoes!
speaker_heading: 2ND OFFICER
dialog: Torpedoes?
scene_heading: CAPTAIN AND 1ST OFFICER
dialog: (in unison; tossing
dialog: bones to a dog; in
dialog: German)
dialog: Torpedoes.
speaker_heading: 2ND OFFICER
dialog: (gaping)
dialog: Nein!
dialog: (foolish enough to
dialog: believe Rose and
text: Allnutt, he looks at
dialog: them with awe)
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: (interpreting, smooth
dialog: and sardonic)
dialog: I think it is safe to assume, Miss
dialog: Sayer, that the British Admiralty
dialog: did not entrust you and this --
dialog: gentleman -- with the torpedoes.
dialog: Will you be so good as to tell us
dialog: precisely where and how you acquired
dialog: them?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Acquired? Mr. Allnutt made them.
text: First Officer and Captain exchange a significant glance: she
dialog: is obviously nuts. (All through this, the Second Officer,
text: who no spik English, is like a puzzled observer at a tennis
dialog: match.)
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: (a little like a warden
dialog: in a loony house)
dialog: How very interesting.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I don't think you even believe me.
dialog: Tell him how you did it, Charlie.
dialog: (Over Allnutt's lines,
dialog: the officers exchange
dialog: glances which mean:
dialog: "He's loony, too".)
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: (100% the engineer)
dialog: Well -- wot I did was take the 'eads
dialog: off two cylinders of oxygen an' fill
dialog: 'em up with 'igh explosive -- 'bout
dialog: two 'undred weight. That was easy
dialog: enough -- it was the detonators took
dialog: some hingenooity. Know wot I used?
dialog: Cartridges, an' nails, in blocks o'
dialog: soft wood. A pretty job. Then I
dialog: mounted the cylinders so they stuck
text: through the bows of The African Queen,
dialog: near the water line, so when we rammed
dialog: you --
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (half believing what
dialog: he can't believe)
dialog: Where is The African Queen?
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: She sank in the storm.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: How did you get onto the lake?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We came down the Ulanga -- the Bora,
dialog: you call it down here.
text: All three officers look at each other -- even the Second
text: Officer catches this -- and back at Rose.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (in English)
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: (in English)
speaker_heading: 2ND OFFICER
dialog: (in German)
dialog: (together)
dialog: But that is impossible!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Nevertheless!
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Everybody knows the river is
dialog: unnavigable.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: We came down it, though -- didn't
dialog: we, Charlie? -- on The African Queen.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- THE DERELICT AFRICAN QUEEN
text: floating keel up. She is under water except for the two
text: cylinders which stick up like the antennae of a snail.
text: CAMERA DOES LONG PULL BACK, to show The Louisa approaching.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK -- THE LOUISA
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
text: as they come out of the cabin surrounded by the ship's
text: officers. The company stops near the main mast where a crew
text: member has finished making a hangman's noose of one rope and
text: is now tying a knot in another.
speaker_heading: 1ST OFFICER
dialog: (to Captain)
dialog: The man first.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Please -- hang us together.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Very well.
text: He nods to the First Officer to proceed with the execution.
text: Allnutt and Rose exchange a look of satisfaction.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Rosie, I ain't gonna say goodbye
dialog: again. It's gettin' to be an old
dialog: story.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Darling!
text: The next moment, the deck heaves upward. There is a rush of
text: air and a frightful ROAR. Smoke and flying debris fill the
speaker_heading: SCREEN.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT -- THE WATER
text: where those who were on deck are now struggling. There is
text: something ludicrous about the Germans in their ducks with
text: the gold buttons and decorations trying to keep above water.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Wot 'appened?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We did it, Charlie, we did it!
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: But 'ow?
text: Rose points to a piece of wreckage floating on the water in
text: the near distance.
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Well I'll be... Are you all right,
dialog: Rosie?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Never better. And you, dear?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: Bit of all right.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'm all turned round, Charlie. Which
dialog: way is the south shore?
speaker_heading: ALLNUT
dialog: The one we're swimming towards, old
dialog: girl.
text: CAMERA MOVES TOWARD the piece of wreckage, losing Rose and
text: Allnutt, into CLOSE SHOT showing the printed words "African
text: Queen" on the wreckage. When the name fills the SCREEN --
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
