speaker_heading: THE CRAZIES
scene_heading: CURRENT REVISIONS BY
speaker_heading: RAY WRIGHT
speaker_heading: FROM A SCRIPT BY
speaker_heading: SCOTT KOSAR
text: BASED ON THE FILM BY GEORGE ROMERO
speaker_heading: DRAFT 02/20/07
scene_heading: EXT. OLD PRAIRIE ROAD - NIGHT
text: It's DUSK. The DIN of night insects is all around. We're
text: trudging along a rutted dirt road toward a glow on the
dialog: horizon...
scene_heading: EXT. BALL FIELD, OGDEN MARSH HIGH SCHOOL, KANSAS - NIGHT
text: A baseball game being played under the lights behind the
text: local high school. STUDENTS, FACULTY, TOWNSPEOPLE fill the
text: wooden bleachers. It's the regional playoffs. Everybody is
text: here. The MAYOR, the PASTOR, the FIRE CHIEF, all the VIPs a
dialog: small town has to offer.
text: Even the town sheriff has turned up for the end of the game.
text: He parks his cruiser in the overflow lot and comes down the
text: hill to the diamond, keys jangling on his belt beside a
text: holstered gun he never uses. DAVID DUTTON. Easy-going.
dialog: Second-generation sheriff. Pillar of the community.
text: Trading a dozen hellos, clapping some old timer on the
text: shoulder, giving the coach a thumbs-up about the score, he
text: comes around the backstop to the little CONCESSIONS TRAILER.
text: Sets his hat on the counter. Handsome. Grinning with
dialog: hometown pride.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: They're playin' well, Kev, they're
dialog: playin' awful damn well. Win this
dialog: one they could have a shot.
dialog: (to Vendor's wife in b.g.)
dialog: Hey Linda.
text: She nods hi. The VENDOR pours him a cup of coffee, on the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: VENDOR
dialog: Fryeburg's tough. They'd be next.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (smile fades)
dialog: Fryeburg, yeah. Shit. Well, one
dialog: at a time, one at a time...
text: David heads off, coffee in hand.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Thanks, Kev.
text: David leans on the sideline fence, sipping his coffee,
text: watching the game. The star pitcher blows a fastball past
text: the batter. David lets out a howl.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Scotty McLeod! You throw like you
dialog: drive, son, too damn fast!
text: He puts down his coffee so he can applaud the strikeout with
text: both hands then picks it up again and takes another sip.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Look alive, fellas! Deano, watch
dialog: the squeeze!
text: No one has yet noticed the DARK FIGURE walking out of the
text: shadowy woods beyond the outfield. Weaving like a drunkard,
text: he walks right onto the playing field, oblivious to the game.
text: Aman of fifty. Local pig farmer. His name is RORY HAMILL.
text: He is carrying a SHOTGUN.
text: Heads turn, mouths falling open in the bleachers and dugouts,
text: everybody staring in collective disbelief. It's surreal, a
text: guy with a gun just walked past Petey Jenkins in left field.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Rory, what in God -- ?
text: David drops his coffee and jumps the fence, goes out across
text: the diamond to intercept him, hollering, waving his hands.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Rory, whoa, Rory, Rory, whoa, whoa,
dialog: whoa!
text: Rory Hamill gets as far as the infield before David, cutting
text: in front of him now, keeping ten feet of distance, finally
text: gets his attention.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: STOP I SAID!!
text: Rory stops, glassy-eyed, head lolling sickly to one side.
text: David keeps his gun holstered, tries to reason with him. The
text: players frozen at their positions on the field.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: The hell you doing, Rore? Hunh?
dialog: Got a ball game going on here.
dialog: We're playing ball, you come out
dialog: here with a gun? The goddamn hell
dialog: you doing?
text: Rory casts a glance around the field. A dizzying number of
text: faces out there. All eyes on him. He wobbles a little,
text: catches himself.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Lay it down, Rory, you're drunk.
text: His gaze floats back to David and it's different than it was
text: a moment ago. Harder. Deadly. David is not a man easily
text: spooked, but that look sends a chill right through him.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Lay it down!
text: Rory takes a wavering step forward. David draws his weapon.
text: Rory responds in kind, leveling his. People gasp. David
text: retreats a step. Might be the first time in his life he's
text: had a gun pointed at him by someone ready to use it.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Don't do it, Rory! Don't you do
dialog: it!
text: Rory brings his eye to the sights, draws back on the trigger
text: and - BANG! - David shoots first. A single shot, but a
text: deadly one. Rory Hamill collapses midfield.
text: SCREAMS from the bleachers and SOBS in the aftersilence as
text: the whole town registers the strange human tragedy that just
text: played out under the lights behind the high school.
text: A body facedown in the grass behind the pitcher's mound,
text: Sheriff David Dutton standing over it, astonished, holding in
text: his hand the gun he never uses.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD / HOUSE - BEFORE SUNRISE
text: The stillness of prairie grass in the blue hush before dawn.
text: Beyond it, a traditional white clapboard house with an old
dialog: barn that needs painting.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, SAME HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: A young woman awakens to find her husband's side of the bed
text: empty. Runs a hand over the sheet, checking for body warmth.
text: It's cold. Strange. She puts on a robe.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS - CONTINUOUS
text: Comes downstairs in the darkened house.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Babe...?
text: No reply. Worried, she comes down the hall into the -
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: No sign of him. She startles at a movement behind her.
text: The SCREEN DOOR, creaking back and forth in a draft.
text: She comes over to close it and sees, through the screen, her
text: husband sitting alone outside in the shadowy dawn.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD - CONTINUOUS
text: It's David out here, second-guessing himself. His wife JUDY
text: sits down quietly beside him, come to lend a sympathetic ear.
dialog: If he is one pillar of the community, she is the other, a
dialog: local standout who came back from med school to be the town
dialog: doctor.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: He didn’t give me a choice.
text: Judy shakes her head in reassurance of that fact. Takes his
text: hand for moral support. Looks to the distance, reflecting.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: You asked me once when we first got
dialog: together if I thought less of you
dialog: for staying here after high school
dialog: and following in your dad’s
dialog: footsteps. I want you to know
dialog: something. People like you, the
dialog: ones that stay, are the reason why
dialog: people like me come back.
text: David meets her gaze, heartened by that, and then places his
text: hand gently, tellingly, on her midsection.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You should be sleeping.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY 50 - DAY
text: David's cruiser travels through the lonesome countryside.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMILL HOUSE - DAY
text: Turns in the drive of a rundown farmhouse on the outskirts of
text: town. Poorest family in Ogden Marsh. Parking, getting out,
text: David meets eyes with two boys feeding pigs behind the barn.
text: JAKE and CURT HAMILL. Rory's teenage sons. Tough kids, but
text: they've both been crying. Before David can say anything they
text: turn coldly away.
text: He goes up the front steps to the house. Takes off his hat,
text: knocks. The door opens to reveal Rory's widow. PEGGY
text: HAMILL. Awkward is an understatement. David is the last
text: person she expected to see on her doorstep this morning.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Peggy, I...
dialog: (sudden loss for words)
dialog: I knew what I was gonna say before
dialog: I got here...
dialog: (then)
dialog: I'm real sorry, Peg. I liked Rory,
dialog: I liked him a lot.
text: Whatever resentment she might have harbored is defused by
text: David's simple decency. Looking him in the face, she just
text: crumbles. It's heartbreaking.
speaker_heading: PEGGY HAMILL
dialog: (in heaving sobs)
dialog: What was he doin'? What was he
dialog: doin'?
text: David holds her, the only thing keeping her upright. And we
text: see them from a distance, together in their anguish, the town
dialog: sheriff and the wife he made a widow.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN CENTER, OGDEN MARSH, KANSAS - DAY
text: A lone street light flashes yellow on Main Street. It will
dialog: do that all day. An A & P, a post office, a bank. No
dialog: frills. No artifice. Like the people that live here.
text: David's cruiser pulls up outside C. R. Finley Funeral Home
text: which doubles as the town morgue.
scene_heading: INT. FINLEY FUNERAL HOME - DAY
text: MORTICIAN CHARLES FINLEY and the TOWN PASTOR are discussing
text: funeral arrangements in the dimly-lit foyer. David enters
text: and they go silent, unintentionally.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Pastor, Charlie...
speaker_heading: TOWN PASTOR
dialog: (to Finley in parting)
dialog: I'll talk to the family, see if
dialog: that schedule suits them.
text: The Pastor pats David's arm as he exits, a gesture of
text: solidarity. David comes over to Finley. An odd man whose
text: bony features reflect the grim solitude of his trade.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Medical examiner still here?
speaker_heading: FINLEY
dialog: Was a minute ago.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Charlie, whatever the costs are for
dialog: the funeral, bill comes to me, all
dialog: right?
text: Finley nods okay. David heads for the back.
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM, TOWN MORGUE - DAY
text: TIP OF A PEN writes: "Aorta ruptured - fatal wound:
dialog: gunshot..."
text: The MEDICAL EXAMINER, balding, bespectacled, finishing his
text: autopsy notes. David walks over. A body sheeted in plastic
text: on the autopsy table. Tag on the toe: HAMILL, RORY C.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Just wanted to get his blood-
dialog: alcohol, put in my report.
speaker_heading: MEDICAL EXAMINER
dialog: Zero-point-zero.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Come again?
speaker_heading: MEDICAL EXAMINER
dialog: Zero-point—-
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I heard what you said. Stacy,
dialog: that's not right, he was drunk.
text: The Examiner shakes his head. Collects his things to go.
speaker_heading: MEDICAL EXAMINER
dialog: Checked it twice. Rory was a
dialog: drinker, but not last night.
text: He exits. David, baffled, peels back the sheet and studies
text: the corpse like it might offer clues. But there is only the
text: grim reality of death. The tell-tale Y-shaped incision
text: sutured shut across the torso.
text: And the small black hole his bullet made.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF STATION - DAY
text: Small, functional. David's lone deputy is fielding phone
text: calls in the common area. DEPUTY RUSSELL. Young. Capable.
text: Built like a linebacker. He'd be sheriff if David weren't
text: around but his loyalty is absolute.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I can’t answer that - look, like I
dialog: said, you'll have to talk to
text: Sheriff Dutton, try back later.
text: David enters as he hangs up.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Russ.
text: David goes into his office. Sorts through the mail on his
text: desk. Russell follows, only as far as the doorway, stands
text: there for a moment gauging the climate.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Some fuckin' ball game, huh.
text: David sits down, nods.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: EXT. OGDEN MARSH HIGH SCHOOL - DAY
text: Humble brick building with a sign out front. Home of the
dialog: wildcats.
speaker_heading: DAVID (V.O.)
dialog: So you all saw something last night
dialog: I sure wish you hadn't...
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL GYMNASIUM - DAY
text: David, before a microphone, addressing the STUDENTS in
text: general assembly. SCHOOL OFFICIALS looking on.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: ..-Hard to make sense of it, even
dialog: for me. Talk to your teachers,
dialog: talk to me if you want...
text: The SEA OF YOUNG FACES, some visibly upset, some visibly not.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: ..--We don’t have all the answers,
dialog: but we’re here to help.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE GYM, HIGH SCHOOL - LATER
text: Post assembly, David walks down the hall with the PRINCIPAL.
text: Students swarm past back to class. Flirting. Talking on
text: cell phones. Life returning to normal.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: Wasn't so long ago you were roaming
dialog: these halls. That hellraiser
dialog: turned into a sheriff somehow. And
dialog: a fine one.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Your mom and dad still liking
dialog: Florida okay?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yeah. Dad swore he wouldn't last a
dialog: month down there. Then he saw the
dialog: golf courses.
text: They come past a teacher who can’t unlock his classroom door.
text: Mid-forties. Shirt and tie. Native Kansan. BILL FARNUM.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: Bill...?
speaker_heading: BILL FARNUM
dialog: I give up. They rekey the locks
dialog: this weekend? Maybe it’s jammed...
text: Farnum tugs on the door, mystified. But no one is more
text: mystified than David and the Principal.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: Bill, you don’t - you retired, five
dialog: years ago.
text: Farnum looks at them in utter confusion. Rubs his nose and
text: his finger comes back with a BLOODY SMUDGE on it. The
text: Principal offers a handkerchief as he walks Farnum away,
dialog: gesturing to David ‘I got it’.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: Hit your head or something? Come
dialog: on, why don’t you sit down in my
dialog: office.
text: David watches them go, the tide of students flowing past him.
scene_heading: EXT. BALL FIELD - DAY
text: David stands at the fence staring at the empty field,
text: dismayed.
text: TWO PLANES fly past high overhead. Side by side a half mile
dialog: apart.
text: David glances up, barely taking notice. Sees the coffee cup
text: he dropped is still lying there in the grass. Tosses it in
text: the trash can before heading up the hill to his cruiser.
scene_heading: EXT. KANSAS PRAIRIE - SUNDOWN (AERIAL VIEW)
text: We're flying over the prairie at ten thousand feet.
text: Beautiful view. Farms. Open fields. A sudden burst of HIGH-
text: SPEED PHOTOGRAPHS rips the entire county into a GRID OF
scene_heading: FREEZE FRAMES.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN CENTER —- SUNDOWN
text: Small town life. Families in the local pizza joint. Guy
text: washing his truck. Woman walking her dog on an empty road.
scene_heading: EXT. OGDEN MARSH MEDICAL CLINIC - SUNDOWN
text: A single-story brick-and-mortar building with two cars in the
dialog: lot.
scene_heading: INT. EXAM ROOM, MEDICAL CLINIC - SUNDOWN
text: Judy, in a traditional white doctor's coat, gives a tetanus
text: shot to a boy with a bandaged foot. She has a gentle touch.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: (finished)
dialog: Wasn’t too bad, was it?
text: The boy shakes his head. He and his mother stand to go.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: (musses boy's hair)
dialog: Adventure on, young man, but keep
dialog: an eye out for...?
speaker_heading: BOY
text: Rusty nails.
speaker_heading: JUDY
text: Rusty nails.
dialog: (to mother)
dialog: Take care, Dana. Let me know if
dialog: there’s any swelling.
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION AREA, MEDICAL CLINIC - DUSK
text: Typical slow night. Judy is updating records with her part-
text: time office helper BECCA DARLING. Seventeen. Pretty. Local
text: honor student. NURSE VIOLET, town gossip, also the clinic
text: receptionist, wanders over, bored, buffing her nails.
speaker_heading: NURSE VIOLET
dialog: Started talking about names yet?
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: NURSE VIOLET
dialog: If it’s a girl, I like Beatrice.
dialog: If it’s a boy, Morton. Knew a
dialog: Morton once, ‘course we all called
dialog: him Morty, maybe you should just go
dialog: with Morty.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: (endearing, not poking
dialog: fun)
dialog: Thanks, Violet, I'll put those on
dialog: the list.
text: Becca’s cell phone CHIRPS. She checks the message, keys in a
text: quick reply and resumes work, the entire exchange lasting ten
dialog: seconds.
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: Okay if I leave a little early
dialog: tonight?
text: Judy, playing, scans the empty waiting room.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Hmmm, how’s our staff to patient
dialog: ratio? I think you’re good.
dialog: Everything all right?
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: Yeah. Casey Strout’s having some
dialog: people over.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Algebra?
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: Yep. Math party.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: My husband excelled at math in high
dialog: school.
dialog: 11.
text: Becca smiles. Then:
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: Oh, by the way, he was really cool
dialog: at assembly today.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: It’s so scary to think what
dialog: would've happened if he hadn’t been
dialog: there the other night.
text: Judy nods her agreement.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Sometimes you just get lucky like
dialog: that.
scene_heading: EXT. CORRAL, FARNUM HOUSE - DUSK
text: GIANT WET TONGUES licking something, licking each other in
text: the process. A disturbing image, but only in close-up...
text: DAIRY COWS at a salt lick.
text: Bill Farnum stands in the corral watching, ankle deep in mud,
text: briefcase in hand, blank expression. His wife DEARDRA calls
text: to him from the house porch in the b.g., twelve-year-old son
text: NICHOLAS under her arm.
speaker_heading: DEARDRA
dialog: William!
text: If he hears her, he gives no visible indication. Nicholas
text: jogs down to the fence.
speaker_heading: NICHOLAS
text: Supper’s ready.
text: Farnum stands motionless, mesmerized. Nicholas starts to
text: climb the fence and suddenly his father speaks, without
text: looking, as though he was listening all along:
speaker_heading: BILL FARNUM
dialog: Be in in a sec.
text: Nicholas heads back to the house. Bill Farnum picks his way
text: across the muddy pen to the salt lick. Surrounded by mooing
text: cows, he stares at it -- brick-shaped, pinkish white,
text: dripping with bovine saliva -- then bends and gives it a long
dialog: disgusting lick.
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: EXT. DUTTON HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Crescent moon. David eyeing it from the back porch as he
text: drinks a beer in his unbuttoned sheriff's shirt.
text: Judy enters the kitchen behind him. Weary from the day.
text: Sees him through the door. He holds her gaze for a moment
text: then puts his hand under his shirt and gives it a little
text: flutter, meaning his heart still beats for her.
text: Makes her smile.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: They kiss by the old gas stove. He brushes a lock of stray
text: hair from her face. Married his dream.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hungry?
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: (isn't sure)
dialog: Omelet?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Sit.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
text: Judy at the table eating her omelet. David sitting opposite,
text: polishing her wedding band on his shirt. A ritual of his.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Could drive you up to see your
dialog: parents this weekend, if you want.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Penance for your sins?
text: He smiles a little, slips the ring back on her finger,
text: restored to its original luster. Then, still troubled by the
dialog: day’s events:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Thought maybe the moon was full, I
dialog: don’t know, definitely some
dialog: weirdness going around. Medical
dialog: examiner said he found nothing in
dialog: Rory’s system.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Meaning - ?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Meaning, according to the state,
dialog: the man I shot was sober.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: What did Peggy say?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Saw him at lunch and he seemed
dialog: fine.
text: A mystery. David left with only his instincts. And the
dialog: memory:
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Looked him right in the eye. He
dialog: was under the influence of
dialog: something. If it wasn’t alcohol it
dialog: was something else.
scene_heading: EXT. FARNUM HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Cows moo behind the barn. It's after midnight.
scene_heading: INT. FARNUM HOUSE - NIGHT
text: We drift through the dark hundred-year-old house, past the
text: stairs, down the hall into the kitchen, past an old pot-
text: bellied woodstove to the sink where we find Deardra in a
text: nightgown looking out the window. Worried. Nicholas enters
dialog: in pajamas.
speaker_heading: NICHOLAS
dialog: Pa come in yet?
text: Deardra shakes her head no. Her eyes never leave the window.
text: Nicholas comes over, sees what she's staring at.
speaker_heading: NICHOLAS
dialog: What's he doin’?
text: Off in the distance, a COMBINE is going around in circles in
text: a field, its spotlights sweeping the prairie like a
dialog: lighthouse beacon.
text: Deardra takes a flashlight from the top of the fridge.
speaker_heading: DEARDRA
dialog: Wait here.
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - NIGHT
text: House in the b.g., Deardra crosses the field, spotlights
text: whipping across her face.
text: Lit up like a nebula against the night sky, the billowing
text: dust cloud gives the combine an otherworldly aura. A killing
text: machine circling for prey, the thresher a gaping mouth of
text: giant spinning teeth.
scene_heading: EXT. COMBINE - CONTINUOUS
text: Up close, the noise is deafening. Deardra strides into
text: range. Cups her hands to her mouth and calls up to the
text: darkened cab.
speaker_heading: DEARDRA
dialog: William...?!
scene_heading: INT. COMBINE - CONTINUOUS
text: Through the windshield we can see her out there calling to
text: us, disappearing from view as the combine goes around again.
scene_heading: EXT. COMBINE - CONTINUOUS
text: Deardra calls once more then jogs over and climbs the metal
text: rungs to the cab. Opens the door.
speaker_heading: DEARDRA
dialog: William Blaine Farnum, what in
dialog: heaven's --
text: EMPTY SEAT.
text: A haunted pause then Deardra slides in behind the wheel.
text: Powers down the engine. Turns off the lights.
scene_heading: EXT. COMBINE / FIELD - CONTINUOUS
text: The big machine grinds to a halt and there's a hush. Deardra
text: climbs down. Scans the dark, windswept fields.
speaker_heading: DEARDRA
dialog: William...?
text: Her voice carries without answer. She turns on the
text: flashlight and walks out into the field.
speaker_heading: DEARDRA
text: The swaying wheat. The pulse of cicadas. And then, from
text: back at the house, a BLOOD-CURDLING SCREAM. Her son.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: DEARDRA
dialog: Oh God...
text: Deardra takes off running for the house. Frantic. Elbows
dialog: flying.
speaker_heading: DEARDRA
speaker_heading: NICHOLAS? !
text: Another SCREAM. Deardra, in full flight, screams back.
speaker_heading: DEARDRA
speaker_heading: NICHOLAS? !
text: She crosses the field at a dead sprint. And hears something
text: worse than a scream as she reaches the house. SILENCE.
scene_heading: EXT. FARNUM HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: She runs up the steps. In the front door.
scene_heading: INT. FARNUM HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: She slows as she comes down the dark hallway. No sign of her
text: son. No sign of her husband.
speaker_heading: DEARDRA
dialog: Nicholas...?
text: Silence. At the top of the stairs -
text: A HANGING BULB SWINGS like a pendulum, casting eerie shifting
text: shadows. Deardra looks up the stairs at it. No sane person
dialog: would go up there, except a mother for a child.
text: She climbs the stairs. Slowly, one step at a time. The old
text: boards CREAKING underfoot. The bulb’s shadows rocking back
text: and forth across her face.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Topping the stairs, she comes down the hall. Eyes wide with
text: fear. Shadows dancing. The light is on in the BATHROOM.
text: Door closed. Deardra reaches out a hand, pushes the door
text: slowly open -- CREEEEEAK -- and sees...
scene_heading: EMPTY BATHROOM
text: She looks down the hall. Darkness at the other end. Voice
text: trembling, she calls into it.
speaker_heading: DEARDRA
dialog: Nicholas...?
dialog: 16.
text: As she takes her next step SOMEONE GRABS HER FROM BEHIND,
text: throws a hand over her mouth and pulls her into the --
scene_heading: INT. CLOSET - CONTINUOUS
text: Nicholas. Terrified. He gestures for silence, takes his
text: hand from Deardra's mouth. Their pale faces lit by the light
text: coming through the crack.
speaker_heading: DEARDRA
dialog: What happened? What did he do?
dialog: Nicholas, answer me.
speaker_heading: NICHOLAS
text: He has a knife.
text: A chill runs through Deardra.
speaker_heading: DEARDRA
dialog: (re: closet)
dialog: We can't stay here.
text: She cracks the door, peers out. Just then, a terrible sound.
text: FOOTSTEPS coming heavily up the stairs.
text: And now they have no choice but the closet. Nicholas shuts
text: the door and grips the handle with both hands, praying he's
text: strong enough to keep his father out.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS / HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Bill Farnum climbs the stairs into view. He is holding a
speaker_heading: KNIFE.
scene_heading: INT. CLOSET - CONTINUOUS
text: Deardra helps Nicholas hold the door as Bill’s FOOTSTEPS come
text: pounding down the hallway to the closet where they STOP
speaker_heading: ABRUPTLY.
text: Five seconds that feel like forever as Deardra and Nicholas
text: listen to Bill's HOLLOW BREATHS on the other side of the
text: door. Both clutching the door handle, expecting it to get
text: ripped open any second.
text: Instead we hear a KEY go into the lock and turn - CLICK. The
text: FOOTSTEPS head back downstairs. Nicholas tries the handle a
text: couple of times before turning gravely to his mother.
speaker_heading: NICHOLAS
dialog: He locked us in.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: EXT. FARNUM HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Slinging gasoline everywhere, Farnum walks out the front
text: door. Empties what's left in the five-gallon can onto the
text: porch and lights it with a match.
text: He sits down in the yard and watches it burn. Devoid of
text: emotion. The house his grandfather built. His wife and son
text: SCREAMING from within as blue flames scurry up the inside
dialog: walls.
scene_heading: INT. DUTTON BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: A RINGING PHONE wakes up David and Judy. They both reach for
text: it. His hand gets there first.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Dutton...
text: He sits bolt upright, registering the news.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'm coming.
text: Jumps out of bed. Judy does the same before she even knows
dialog: why.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Farnums’, the whole place is going
dialog: up.
scene_heading: EXT. FARNUM HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Engulfed. VOLUNTEER FIREMEN hose down the trees, too late to
text: save the house or anyone inside. David's cruiser pulls up.
text: He and Judy push through the crowd of onlookers to the FIRE
speaker_heading: CHIEF.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Norman, did they get out?!
text: The Fire Chief shakes his head. Judy, horrified, eyes the
text: inferno that used to be a farmhouse.
speaker_heading: FIRE CHIEF
dialog: Bill did. Begs the question,
dialog: doesn't it?
text: David takes his meaning. Crosses to where Bill Farnum sits
text: on the back bumper of a firetruck, expressionless, hands tied
text: with baling twine.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What happened, Bill?
dialog: 18.
text: Farnum doesn't respond. David squats in front of him,
text: getting in his eyeline.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Bill, what happened here tonight?
text: Farnum meets his gaze, glassy-eyed, remorseless.
speaker_heading: BILL FARNUM
text: A reckoning.
text: Madness. David staring it in the face.
scene_heading: EXT. FARNUM HOUSE - NIGHT (AERIAL VIEW)
text: The burning house from ten thousand feet. Tiny, almost
text: beautiful. Fire engines flashing around it like a child’s
text: toys. A burst of FREEZE-FRAMES. The camera ZOOMS IN TIGHT.
dialog: Another burst.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF STATION - DAY
text: Next morning, Russell is outside trying to placate some LOCAL
text: REPORTERS as David talks on the phone.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Was hoping to transfer him, we’re
dialog: not really equipped for this sort
dialog: of thing. Okay, two o'clock.
text: Hangs up. A haunted pause. The last forty-eight hours
text: betraying everything he knows. He turns his gaze to Bill
text: Farnum who sits in a stupor in a holding cell at the back of
text: the station. Russell enters.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: They tell me they don't want the
dialog: deputy, they want the sheriff.
text: David gets up from his desk. Still watching Farnum.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Looked at me last night like he
dialog: coulda slit my throat and barely
dialog: known the difference.
dialog: (turns to Russell)
dialog: Same look Rory gave me. Same
dialog: goddamn look.
text: Walks out to talk to the press.
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: EXT. FARNUM HOUSE - DAY
text: Plumes of smoke rise from the ashes. A scorched brick
text: chimney stands like a monument to the dead. David picks up a
text: charred photo. The Farnum family. He drops it, surveys the
text: scene with dismay.
text: A faint DRONING HUM draws his gaze skyward. Those SAME TWO
text: PLANES flying over. Side by side a half mile apart. But
text: lower this time. David's eyes narrow with suspicion.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What're you lookin' for?
text: And as the search planes dip below the far treeline...
scene_heading: EXT. OGDEN MARSH - DAY
text: A freshwater marsh on the outskirts, the town's namesake. An
text: OLD TIMER in hipwaders is dumping crayfish from wire traps
text: into a bucket. He hears something. Straightens for a look.
text: Twenty yards away, something white is billowing like an
text: untrimmed mainsail. He comes over for a look. Touches the
text: material. Ripstop nylon. Billowing again, it's clear what
dialog: it is... A PARACHUTE.
text: He follows the twisted cords over a rise in the marsh to
text: where they settle in deeper water beyond. Gives the lines a
text: tug and then staggers backwards in horror as -
text: A HUMAN BODY floats to the surface. Hideously discolored.
text: Bloated from decomposition.
speaker_heading: OLD TIMER
dialog: Lord God...
text: A MILITARY PILOT. Oxygen mask on his face.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE, FINLEY FUNERAL HOME - DAY
text: A bodybag zipper opens to reveal the pilot's ROTTING CORPSE.
text: David catches a glimpse and turns away, he's seen enough.
text: Russell gags at the stench. Even Finley, mortician of twenty
text: years, looks a little grossed out.
speaker_heading: FINLEY
dialog: I'll see if there's any
dialog: identification.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (exits; needing air)
dialog: Yeah, do that.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: EXT. FINLEY FUNERAL HOME - DAY
text: David and Russell cough the stench from their lungs as they
dialog: cross the parking lot. Then:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Got us a pilot, where's the plane?
text: Russell, as they reach the cruiser, recollects:
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Travis King - you know Travis?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I know he's a lyin' bastard.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Said he heard something out by
dialog: Hopman Bog last week. I thought he
dialog: was tellin' stories again.
text: David slows, meets Russell's gaze over the roof of the
dialog: cruiser.
scene_heading: EXT. HOPMAN BOG - DAY
text: David, Russell and TRAVIS KING, a human rodent, motoring
text: across the bog in a flat-bottomed aluminum boat.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Sounded like a plane you said, huh,
dialog: Trav?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS KING
dialog: Yep. I gettin' paid for this?
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Big plane, little plane?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS KING
dialog: I dunno, a plane, I was on the
dialog: shitter. So how much I gettin'?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Travis.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS KING
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Say that again you'll be the second
dialog: person I shot this week.
dialog: 21.
text: Travis takes him at his word. David notices something up
text: ahead. Turns the boat toward it for a better look.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Whaddaya see, chief?
text: David indicates a spot in the woods where the tops of trees
text: have been sheared off.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Something came real close to taking
text: a bath.
text: David kills the outboard and they drift in closer. A strange
text: toxic sheen to the water in this area. Russell reaches two
text: fingers down for a sample. David yanks Russell's hand back.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Know what that is?
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Then don't touch it.
text: David bends for a closer look. The spill has that chemical
dialog: rainbow quality of gasoline. Jettisoned fuel perhaps. He
text: scoops some into a Mason jar. Pauses as he screws on the
dialog: lid.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: It was a big plane.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Why's that?
text: David straightens, oddly quiet, staring at the water.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: ‘Cause we're right on top of it.
text: Off Russell's look, we rise up above them, to the height of
text: the treetops, and see what David sees -
text: THE MURKY CONTOUR OF A MILITARY TRANSPORT PLANE submerged in
text: the water where it crashed, the boat floating directly above.
scene_heading: EXT. EQUIPMENT DEPOT - DAY
text: David talks on a cell phone while he and Russell unhook the
text: boat trailer outside the corrugated-steel equipment shed.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Say, you folks missing a plane?
dialog: (brow furrows)
dialog: No? Well somebody oughta tell that
dialog: to the pilot in our morgue.
dialog: Military, yes, ma'am. Dutton. D-U-
dialog: T-T-O-N. Yep, I'll be here.
text: He pockets the phone. Stews.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Plane that size goes down and
dialog: there's nothing in the paper,
dialog: nothing on the news? Make any
dialog: sense to you?
text: Russell shrugs, unlocking the shed.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Depends what the payload is.
text: It's an off-hand remark, means more to David than Russell.
text: He looks at the MASON JAR of tainted water on the hood of the
text: truck then turns a brooding stare to the north, a pattern of
text: thought taking shape.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hopman Bog, what's that drain into?
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Dwyer Creek.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Which drains into...?
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Black Pond. Hey, you remember that
dialog: monster catfish I --
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (turns)
dialog: Black Pond? Is that right?
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Yeah...
text: Russell isn't following yet.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Russ, where the hell you think we
dialog: get our water from?
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: INT. TOWN PLANNER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: TOPOGRAPHICAL MAP of the county on the wall. The Ogden Marsh
text: watershed shaded in blue. David barges in, asking his
text: question on the fly. The TOWN PLANNER is eating lunch.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Which way's the water flow through
dialog: town?
speaker_heading: TOWN PLANNER
dialog: Nice to see you, too, Dave. Waste
dialog: water or drinking?
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Drinking.
text: Town Planner unfolds a chart. A SCHEMATIC DIAGRAM OF THE
text: TOWN'S WATER SYSTEM, his finger tracing the main pipeline.
speaker_heading: TOWN PLANNER
dialog: Comes in from the north, breaks
dialog: east west...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Whose house does it get to first?
speaker_heading: TOWN PLANNER
dialog: Most outlying. Let's see, uh...
text: Runs his finger along a certain outlying route to a certain
text: outlying farm. Looks up at David.
speaker_heading: TOWN PLANNER
dialog: Rory Hamill.
text: Hold on David's face.
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL CLINIC - DAY
text: With discreet alarm David shows Judy the water system
text: schematic at the reception desk. Points to the second most
text: outlying farm.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Next house is Bill Farnum's. I
dialog: mean, am I talking nonsense here or
dialog: is it possible they reacted to
dialog: something they drank, something in
dialog: the water?
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: If it's contaminated, if the
dialog: concentration's high enough - but,
dialog: David, we're drinking that same
dialog: water. Everybody is. If there's
dialog: something in it, we're all going to
dialog: get it.
text: David backs away, crisis on his hands.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Farnum's are a mile out, might not
dialog: have made it this far yet. Tell
dialog: everybody don't drink it.
text: He runs out. Judy - the schematic in CLOSEUP - runs her
text: finger from 'FARNUM DAIRY' across town to the pipeline's end,
text: five miles from Black Pond, a plot labelled 'DUTTON FARM'.
text: She contemplates that distance, their safety buffer, then
text: raises her gaze to the WAITING ROOM.
text: It’s half full. There is a WOMAN sitting head slumped
text: forward in the corner chair. Judy walks over, look of
text: concern. Lifts the woman’s chin. The widow, Peggy Hamill,
text: unconscious.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Peggy? Can you hear me? Peg...?
text: Peggy's eyes flutter open partway. Pupils dilated. Barely
dialog: conscious.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: You need to lay down?
text: Peggy ATTACKS without warning. Knocks Judy off her feet,
text: tearing her blouse. It takes three guys to pull her off and
text: subdue her as Nurse Violet helps a badly shaken Judy to her
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: NURSE VIOLET
dialog: What’s gotten into her?
text: Peggy Hamill, held down, writhing and shrieking on the floor.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL, MAYOR’S HOUSE - DAY
text: A flabby white-bread bureaucrat saunters up the steps of his
text: in-ground pool, toweling off after a morning swim. MAYOR
speaker_heading: HOBBS.
speaker_heading: MAYOR HOBBS
dialog: That water's contaminated I’m
dialog: Hilary goddamn Clinton.
dialog: 25.
text: David puts the jar of toxic water in his hand.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'm shutting it down, Tom.
speaker_heading: MAYOR HOBBS
dialog: (eyeing jar then pool)
dialog: Shit.
scene_heading: INT. PIPE ACCESS HOLE - DAY
text: A MUNICIPAL WORKER muscles the wheelcrank on a high-pressure
text: pipe valve, shutting off the town's water. Done, he looks up
text: at David from the hole he's in.
speaker_heading: MUNICIPAL WORKER
dialog: off.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF CRUISER - DAY
text: David, driving back into town, lost in thought, RADIO
text: PLAYING.
speaker_heading: RADIO
text: WKLC Kansas City. News on the hour
text: every hour. Fire crews in Southern
dialog: California continue to battle
dialog: wildfires this morning --
text: The signal goes to STATIC.
text: David gives the radio a glance. Tries a different station -
text: STATIC. Flips through all the stations - STATIC. Weird.
text: And then something weirder. Out of the corner of his eye,
text: barely seen in the blur of a passing field. Whoosh -
text: A FIGURE IN A WHITE BIOHAZARD SUIT
text: So incongruous it takes a moment to register. What the hell?
text: He slams on the brakes. Backs up, craning his neck to see
text: what he saw. Can't see it from here. Stops the car.
scene_heading: EXT. SHERIFF CRUISER / ROAD NEAR FIELD - DAY
text: Gets out and comes around the cruiser. Surveys the field.
text: Nothing there. Nothing but prairie. David stares across it,
text: haunted, the radio in the cruiser HISSING STATIC.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF STATION - DAY
text: David enters, dazed.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Either I'm losin' it completely or
dialog: I just saw a guy in a spacesuit out
dialog: by Hadley Road.
text: Russell gestures over to his shoulder to the holding cell.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: That makes two guys losin' it.
text: Bill Farnum is going BERSERK back there. Smashing his head
text: against the wall. Tearing the cell apart. Uncontrollable
text: rage. David, awed, steps to the windowed partition and
dialog: watches.
text: Farnum turns. His face is hideous. ONE SIDE PARALYZED LIKE
text: A STROKE VICTIM, THE OTHER IN VIOLENT SPASMS. He hurls
text: himself at the glass - WHAM! - almost shatters it. David
text: steps back as he goes berserk again.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Did we or did we not request a
dialog: transfer to Wichita this morning?
text: Rhetorical question. He picks up the phone. Starts to dial.
text: Toggles the receiver. Line's dead.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yup.
text: Russell tosses him a cell phone. David hits the first two
text: digits then sees the viewscreen - "SEARCHING FOR SIGNAL..." -
text: tosses it back.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Even better.
text: Russell frowns and steps outside, trying to get a connection.
text: David tries the tv. WHITE NOISE. Turns it off. Clicks the
text: computer mouse. CANNOT FIND SERVER. Tries the police
text: scanner. STATIC. Switches it off, smiling at the
dialog: improbability.
scene_heading: EXT. SHERIFF STATION - DAY
text: Russell meantime can't get a signal. David steps out beside
text: him, surveys the town from the top of the steps. His face
text: black with foreboding.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You know what...
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: What?
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: We're in trouble.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN CENTER - DAY
text: SCREECH. David's cruiser brakes to a halt at town center.
text: He gets out. Scans Main Street. An ominous calm. The
text: SQUEAKING of a bicycle chain turns his head.
text: A MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN pedaling toward him on a girl's pink-
text: tasseled banana-seat bike, singing in eerie falsetto, an old
dialog: hymnal.
speaker_heading: WOMAN ON BIKE
dialog: .--All things bright and beautiful,
dialog: all creatures great and small, all
dialog: things wise and wonderful, The Lord
dialog: God made them all...
text: She rides past David, lost in her own world, her haunting
text: song filling the silence.
text: ALTERNATE POV (through SLR camera) - From a block away, a
text: BURST OF PHOTOGRAPHS captures the woman on the bicycle, then,
text: panning to David, a second BURST captures him as he crosses
text: Main Street, still watching the woman. As the photos
text: continue snapping, he slowly turns, sensing he's being
text: watched, and looks straight into camera...
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Tight on David's face as he stands in the center of Main
text: Street, staring at:
text: A BLACK CHEVY SUBURBAN WITH TINTED WINDOWS idling at the
text: corner by the bank. Not a car that belongs to Ogden Marsh.
text: David approaches, hand drifting instinctively toward his gun.
text: It tears off down the road. Fantastic acceleration. David
text: stares for a moment, baffled. As he dashes back to his
text: cruiser to give pursuit, a panicked WOMAN jogs across the
text: street from the pizza shop.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Sheriff, we heard something from
dialog: the funeral home little while ago.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What'd you hear?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Screamin'.
dialog: 28.
text: A frozen moment. David turns his gaze to the funeral home up
text: the street. Grabs his CB handset from the cruiser. Brings
text: it to his mouth and clicks the button. Dead.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Lizzie, run down the station, tell
dialog: Russell what you just told me, tell
dialog: him I need him asap.
text: She takes off running as David heads up the street to the
text: funeral home, unholstering his weapon for the second time in
dialog: three days.
scene_heading: EXT. FINLEY FUNERAL HOME - DAY
text: Closed for business. David tries the front door. Locked.
text: He goes around the back.
scene_heading: INT. REAR ENTRANCE, FUNERAL HOME - DAY
text: Where the bodies are brought in. David enters, nervous, gun
text: drawn. He stops and faces -
scene_heading: A WHITE TILED CORRIDOR
text: Sterile. Eerily silent. A few gurneys and unopened boxes of
text: odorless body bags and cotton shrouds in the hall.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Charlie?
text: No reply. David comes slowly along, white-knuckled grip on
text: his gun. The hall is lined on both sides with closed doors.
text: David comes to a door, turns the knob, opens it to reveal -
scene_heading: THE EMBALMING ROOM
text: Stainless steel embalming tables. Sinks. Sluices. Rinse
text: hoses dangling from the ceiling. No bodies. No Finley.
text: David continues down the hall.
text: Comes through a door into the front of the shop. The FUNERAL
text: HOME. Pink-hued walls. Liver-colored carpet. David pushes
text: open another door.
text: A ROOM OF CASKETS
text: darkly polished. On display. David steps in, scans the
text: room. All the caskets are open except
text: THAT ONE.
text: He crosses to it. With a silent two-count throws open the
text: lid and takes aim at
dialog: 29.
text: A SILKY WHITE PILLOW
text: Empty casket. David closes it. To his immediate left -
scene_heading: A CURTAINED ALCOVE
text: runs the length of the wall. Coming past it to the door,
text: David suddenly steps back and levels his gun.
text: SOMEONE IS HIDING
text: behind that curtain. The tips of his shoes poking out
dialog: underneath.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Charlie?
text: No reply. But there’s definitely a man in black shoes
text: standing there. David steps closer. Takes hold of the
text: curtain. Whisks it open to reveal -
text: A ROW OF MANNEQUINS IN FUNERAL SUITS AND SHOES
text: David almost puts a bullet in one. Curses under his breath.
text: Suddenly hears something. Very faint. Coming from behind
text: him. Down the white-tiled hall he just exited...
dialog: Is someone WEEPING?
text: David cocks the hammer of his gun. Follows that FAINT
text: MUFFLED WEEPING down the hall to a closed door.
text: Opens it.
speaker_heading: THE MORGUE
text: No sign of Finley. Just sheet-covered CORPSES on autopsy
text: tables. The weeping HAS STOPPED.
text: David enters. Autopsy scales hang beside the bodies.
text: Closets and refrigerated shelves along the walls. David
text: yanks open a closet door, gun trained, expecting to find
text: Finley. Nothing but medical supplies.
text: A faint WHIMPER turns his head. He stares at the FIVE
scene_heading: COVERED BODIES.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Charlie, if that's you, say
dialog: something!
text: No reply. Gun in hand, he steps closer to the bodies. Peels
dialog: back the covers one by one:
dialog: 30.
text: RORY HAMILL'S CHALK WHITE CORPSE.
text: THE DECOMPOSING PILOT.
scene_heading: DEARDRA FARNUM'S CHARRED CORPSE.
speaker_heading: HER SON'S.
text: David stares at the LAST COVERED BODY. We can see the
text: outline of a face. The sheet expands and contracts at the
text: nostrils. Slightly. As if from breath.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Charlie?
text: No answer. Gun levelled, David takes the edge of the sheet,
dialog: whisks it back to find -
speaker_heading: THE TOWN PASTOR
text: Weeping through sutured eyelids. The sutures on one eye have
text: loosened, a ghastly eye peers out through the slit. His
text: nostrils and lips are sewn shut, arms and legs bound to the
text: table with gauze.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Jim - ?!
text: The Pastor goes into violent CONVULSIONS. David grabs a pair
text: of surgical scissors from a tray and, pinning the writhing
text: body with one hand, cuts the sutures sealing the mouth.
text: The Pastor's lips come apart like a deep fleshy wound, his
text: convulsions subsiding only because death is imminent. In his
dialog: last tortured breath:
speaker_heading: TOWN PASTOR
dialog: Behind... you...
text: What? David turns.
text: WHIRRRR!! - THE BLADE OF A BONE SAW coming right at his face.
text: Finley swinging it at arm's length with psychotic calm.
text: David goes down and Finley pounces, driving the blade at his
text: throat. David catches Finley's wrists, barely keeping the
text: saw at bay, forces the spinning blade against the leg of the
text: autopsy table. SPARKS FLY as it cuts into the steel.
text: Finley counters. Finding his knees, he brings the saw above
text: his head for a final plunge. But David catches him with a
text: thrusting kick to the gut. Sends Finley crashing into the
dialog: storage cabinets.
dialog: 31.
text: As he jumps up for more - BANG! - David shoots him. Finley
text: falls in a heap. But in death he has launched perhaps his
text: most lethal attack, dropping the SAW.
text: Locked in the 'on' position, it COMES SKIP-BOUNCING ACROSS
text: THE FLOOR AT DAVID, propelled by the spinning blade. David
text: scrambles backwards on his haunches, but can't outrun it.
text: Just as it's about to hit him in the face -
speaker_heading: A BOOT
text: stomps on the saw's cord, leashing it like a wild dog. The
text: deadly instrument hops and skips around at the end of its
text: tether, inches from David's face. Until -
text: Russell, owner of the boot, yanks the plug from the wall. He
text: comes over, helps David to his feet. And only then sees the
dialog: Pastor's sad fate.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Christ almighty.
text: A DEAD EYE staring back at them through the sutured slit.
scene_heading: INT. TOWN HALL - NIGHT
text: Emergency town meeting. Worried TOWNSFOLK abound. David and
text: Judy trying to manage everyone's fear and anger.
scene_heading: CONCERNED MOTHER
dialog: What are we supposed to drink while
dialog: the water’s turned off?
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: The A & P has plenty of bottled.
dialog: Bruce’s agreed to sell it at cost
dialog: till we work out another source.
dialog: Thanks again, Bruce.
text: The A & P Manager nods.
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: And it just so happens while all
dialog: this is going on none of the phones
dialog: are working?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I know, Nathan. Russell’s on his
dialog: way to Wichita right now, see if we
dialog: can get some answers.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: Where the hell's Mayor Hobbs?
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: HIGH SCHOOL KID
dialog: Hightailin' it to Kentucky.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (shock and disgust)
dialog: What - ?
scene_heading: HIGH SCHOOL KID
text: Saw him on the way out of town.
dialog: Fat bastard practically ran me
dialog: over.
text: The kid’s mom swats him for talking like that. David and
text: Judy exchanging a look about Hobbs. De facto town leaders.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER FARMER
dialog: So whoever drank it's gonna go the
dialog: way of Rory and Bill? I drank it.
dialog: My wife drank it. My kids.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: We don't know that it's going to
dialog: affect everybody the same,
text: everybody's body reacts a little
dialog: diff --
text: EERIE LAUGHTER cuts her off. A woman in the back. Horn-
text: rimmed glasses. Ten-dollar wig. Going red in the face she's
text: laughing so hard. It's creepy, she can't stop. Everybody
text: just stares as this demented old lady laughs and laughs.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY 50 - NIGHT
text: A sheriff department PICKUP speeds down the fog-cloaked
text: highway toward Wichita.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF DEPT. PICKUP - CONTINUOUS
text: Russell humming along at eighty miles an hour. Checks his
text: radio. STATIC. Turns it off. Suddenly, FOUR DEAFENING POPS
dialog: AS --
scene_heading: EXT. SHERIFF DEPT. PICKUP / HIGHWAY 50 - CONTINUOUS
text: -- ALL FOUR TIRES BLOW OUT!
text: A SPIKE STRIP lying across the road. The truck fishtails out
text: of control, wobbling violently on its rims, threatening to
dialog: roll...
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF DEPT. PICKUP - CONTINUOUS
text: Russell struggles, teeth-clenched, not to let it.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Shit!
text: Ruptured treads fly off. The pickup careens off the shoulder
text: and slams to a stop in an irrigation ditch.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. SHERIFF DEPT. PICKUP/ DITCH - CONTINUOUS
text: Russell has barely righted himself when he’s pulled from the
text: truck by a DOZEN SOLDIERS IN BIOHAZARD SUITS. Thrown
text: against the hood, M-16s in his face, Russell’s astonishment
text: is almost comical.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Whoa.
scene_heading: INT. DUTTON HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Meanwhile David and Judy. Tense words in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Maybe you should go stay with your
dialog: parents for a while.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Maybe you should go stay with my
dialog: parents.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Look, this isn't --
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: No, David, you're not the only one
dialog: with responsibilities here, half
dialog: these people are my --
text: Sees something out the kitchen window. It scares her.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What? What was it?
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: (isn't sure)
dialog: Shadow.
text: David grabs his gun and goes out.
scene_heading: EXT. DUTTON HOUSE - NIGHT
text: David stands at the edge of the property, eyeing the back
text: field. It's eerily still.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Somebody there?!
dialog: 34.
text: Silence. Turning, he sees the light is on inside the
speaker_heading: GARDEN SHED
text: He walks over, pushes open the door with the gun muzzle. As
text: he peeks warily inside --
text: LAWN TOOLS CLATTER NOISILY to the floor. Scares the hell of
text: out him. David switches off the light and then hears GLASS
text: SHATTER inside the house.
speaker_heading: JUDY (0.S.)
dialog: Who are you?! Who are you?!
dialog: DAVID!!
text: He crosses the yard at a sprint, kicks open the screen door -
scene_heading: INT. DUTTON HOUSE - NIGHT
text: And sees THREE SOLDIERS IN BIOHAZARD SUITS forcibly escorting
text: Judy to the front door. David lunges into the fray, gun
dialog: outstretched.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What the fu--?! Get off her!!
text: His heroics are short-lived. Grabbed, spun, put ina
text: chokehold, he is disarmed and dragged out the door by the
text: suited intruders. It's over in two seconds flat - chilling,
text: the ease with which he is subdued.
scene_heading: EXT. DUTTON HOUSE / BUS - NIGHT
text: They wrestle Judy aboard an idling SCHOOL BUS. David behind
text: her, still resisting, choked blue in the face.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Where are you taking us?!
scene_heading: INT. BUS - NIGHT (MOVING)
text: Hurtling along under armed guard, David and Judy see shocking
text: images out the windows. FAMILIES BEING PULLED FROM EVERY
text: HOUSE IN SIGHT. The entire town being corralled onto buses
text: like pigs off to slaughter.
scene_heading: EXT. BALL FIELD, OGDEN MARSH HIGH SCHOOL - NIGHT
text: ALL THE TOWNSPEOPLE stand in lines under the lights.
text: Stunned. No one saw this coming. Raised ten feet and topped
text: with razor wire, the fence is patrolled by armed guards in
text: hazmat suits. A recorded message plays over the field's
dialog: tinny P.A. system:
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: RECORDED FEMALE VOICE
dialog: ...Please remain calm and do not
dialog: interfere with the work of the
dialog: examiners. Information will be
dialog: provided to you as it becomes
dialog: available. Thank you for your
dialog: cooperation...
text: Repeating ad infinitum as BIOSUITED EXAMINERS come down the
text: lines with digital ear thermometers checking temperatures. A
scene_heading: single BEEP means you're okay. A quick triple BEEP-BEEP-BEEP
dialog: means you're not and prompts a swift response, which we see
text: playing out across the field:
text: Burly MEDTECHS loading the unlucky person into one of the
text: many golf carts on the scene - pulling wives away from
dialog: husbands, husbands away from wives, children from parents,
dialog: parents from children - a coldly scientific process that ends
text: with the golf carts speeding the outtakes up the hill to the
text: high school while loved ones scream in vain for their return.
text: Here are David and Judy, as stunned and disoriented as
text: everyone else. David confronts a passing examiner, his
text: outrage reflected back at him in the mirrored faceshield.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What did we get exposed to?! What
dialog: was it?!
text: The examiner walks past without reply. Judy meanwhile
text: appraises the medical teams, the work being done.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Elevated temperature usually means
dialog: infection, but a toxin can do the
dialog: same thing... I don't know, the way
dialog: Peggy was acting makes me think
dialog: it's chemical.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: So they round us up with assault
dialog: rifles, what's that?
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Medical response teams train with
dialog: case studies, they know the
dialog: symptomology, pharmacological
dialog: outcomes --—
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: In plainspeak.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: They're as scared as we are.
text: Judy steps away to help an ASTHMATIC ELDERLY WOMAN who is
text: leaning against the fence. Soldiers escort MAYOR HOBBS and
text: his WIFE onto the field.
speaker_heading: MAYOR HOBBS
dialog: Governor Hatfield's a personal
dialog: friend of mine!
text: Nobody cares. They get dumped in a line near David. Hobbs
text: draws hostile stares. Word of his hasty exodus has
text: apparently gotten around.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hey Tom, how's Kentucky?
speaker_heading: MAYOR HOBBS
dialog: Bastards spiked our tires, pulled
text: us out at gunpoint.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Wow, sounds like your civil rights
dialog: might have been violated, you
dialog: should look into that.
text: Hobbs frowns at the sarcasm, taking in the angry stares.
speaker_heading: MAYOR HOBBS
dialog: (re: Kentucky)
dialog: Is that what everybody's so ticked
dialog: off at me for?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You ran. Town needed a leader.
speaker_heading: MAYOR HOBBS
dialog: You be the leader.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It's not our town anymore.
text: David steps to the fence, watches the guards prowling the
text: perimeter. Otherworldly riflemen with biohazard hoods and
text: leashed dogs. His gaze finds the old scoreboard behind the
text: backstop. Lingers on it. Something poignant about it there
text: behind the barbed wire.
scene_heading: HOME OF THE WILDCATS
text: But what he sees past it is chilling. Two figures standing
text: in the tungsten glow of a flood light, staring at him...
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: JAKE AND CURT HAMILL
text: Rory's sons. Delirious with rage and vengeance. THEIR FACES
text: ARE PARALYZED ON ONE SIDE, RIDDLED WITH SPASMS ON THE OTHER.
text: Teeth and gums exposed by some obscene tightening of the jaw
dialog: muscles.
text: A LOUD DULCET TONE on the PA system makes David jump. He
text: looks back and the Hamill boys are gone. Haunted, he scans
text: the dark woods. And suddenly -
text: A HAND grabs his shoulder. He spins, ready for a fight.
dialog: It’s his deputy.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Funny thing happened on the way to
dialog: Wichita.
text: Gallows humor. Followed by a deadly serious:
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Who are these fuckers?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Same ones who don’t know anything
dialog: about a dead pilot and aren't
text: missing a plane.
text: David surveys the crowd, sensing beneath the fear and
text: bewilderment a growing rage. It’s palpable, a chemical shift
dialog: in their psychology.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: This don’t end well.
text: David shakes his head - nope. An EXAMINER comes down the
text: line checking temperatures. David engages.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I need to talk to somebody right
dialog: now! Hey, do you hear me?!
text: The examiner jams a thermometer in David’s ear. Pushes the
text: button. BEEP. Moves on to Judy, who is preoccupied with
dialog: patient care.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: This woman is asthmatic, she needs
dialog: her medica --
scene_heading: BEEP-BEEP-BEEP!!}!11!!1!!
text: Time stands still. Judy in disbelief. David spins to fend
text: off the onrushing medtechs.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Get away from her! She’s not sick,
dialog: she’s pregnant!
text: They grab her. David fights, but is hopelessly outnumbered.
text: Russell tries to help and is quickly subdued. They drag Judy
text: away screaming.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: DAVID! DON'T LET THEM TAKE ME!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: LEAVE HER ALONE!!
dialog: You've never seen a man fight like David Dutton fights for
text: his wife. Zapped with a Tazer gun, kicked, knocked to the
text: ground by a rifle butt, kicked once more. Again and again he
text: tries to rise, again and again he is beaten down, until his
text: body no longer answers to his will.
text: Lying in the grass, he lifts his gaze just enough to see Judy
text: being taken up the hill to the high school. By sheer
text: stubbornness, he climbs to his feet once more. Takes a
text: couple of wobbly steps.
text: A gun butt CRACKS him in the back of the head. He goes down
text: and stays there this time. Facedown in the dirt by second
text: base. Expelling one last breath of resistance, her name
dialog: along with it:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Judy...
text: And then, mercifully, he blacks out.
scene_heading: INT. ODGEN MARSH HIGH SCHOOL - NIGHT
text: POV of ceiling lights whipping by above as a masked examiner
text: wheels us down the corridor.
text: It's Judy’s POV, strapped to a gurney. The passing
text: classrooms offer flashes of nightmare imagery:
text: PEOPLE ON GURNEYS GOING BERZERK. A TEENAGER RACKED BY WILD,
scene_heading: TEETH-CLATTERING CONVULSIONS. OTHER PEOPLE SITTING IN
scene_heading: STUPORS, DROOLING.
text: Suddenly, right in front of us -
text: A SCREAMING FACE SHATTERS the window of a classroom door,
text: spraying the corridor with shards that CRUNCH as we roll over
text: them. A biosuited GUARD beats the screaming man back with a
text: baton. Turning the corner, we see
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: THE GYMNASIUM
text: Spanned by rows of sterile-white cots that have not been
text: touched. Unopened boxes of supplies on pallets. Equipment
text: wrapped in plastic. A medical contingency plan abandoned in
dialog: its early stages.
text: As Judy is pushed into a maintenance elevator, an EXAMINER
text: leans over her with an ANESTHESIA MASK. She tries to resist
text: but her arms are strapped and the mask fitted so quickly to
text: her face that her scream of protest fogs the plastic.
scene_heading: INT. LIVESTOCK TRUCK - NIGHT (MOVING)
text: David awakens in darkness. Lifts his head, disoriented.
text: He’s lying in what appears to be a livestock trailer.
text: Judy. The thought sends him scrambling to the back door. He
text: rams it with his shoulder. Pounds it with his fists. Kicks
text: it with his boot. His fists again. And as he continues this
dialog: futile effort to force it open -
text: A DARK FIGURE emerges from the shadows behind him. Creeping
text: closer. Aman. Sinister face catching the light. David,
text: still hammering the door, doesn't see him coming.
text: The figure stops right behind David and we see the grim
dialog: visage was a trick of the shadows. It's his friend, the
text: concessions vendor from the ball game. KEVIN MILLER.
speaker_heading: KEVIN MILLER
dialog: David...
text: David spins, wild-eyed, caught in a moment of madness.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Kevin! I gotta get outta here!
text: Continues his furious pounding.
speaker_heading: KEVIN MILLER
dialog: DAVID!!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (spins again)
dialog: WHAT?! ?!
speaker_heading: KEVIN MILLER
dialog: You're scaring us.
text: David sees them now. FACES IN SHADOW at the far end,
text: terrified by his erratic behavior. Men, women, children.
text: Faces we recognize from the ball game, the high school, the
text: town meeting. David calms himself, explaining:
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: They took Judy.
speaker_heading: KEVIN MILLER
dialog: (commiserates )
dialog: They took Linda.
dialog: (indicating other
dialog: unmatched spouses)
dialog: And they took George and Francine
dialog: and Whit and Simon and a whole mess
dialog: of other people. Breaking your
dialog: hand on that door's still a dumb
dialog: idea.
text: David takes his point. Follows Miller back to the group.
text: The townspeople sit huddled together like Third World
text: refugees. A mechanic in a John Deere ball cap (EDWARD)
text: engages David. Frazzled nerves fuel the exchange.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Can't you do something? I mean,
dialog: Christ -
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What do you want me to do, Ed?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Something! You're the sheriff for
dialog: God's sake!
speaker_heading: KEVIN MILLER
dialog: (as peacemaker;
dialog: overlapping)
dialog: Edward --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: You're supposed to protect us -- !
speaker_heading: KEVIN MILLER
dialog: (to Edward; overlapping)
dialog: Hey! HEY!! This ain't helping,
dialog: Eddie. We're all in the same boat
dialog: here.
text: Edward simmers down. Feels no real rancor toward David.
dialog: Just can't handle the situation.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Anybody heard what it is yet? What
dialog: they spilled?
dialog: Nobody has.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: TOWN PLANNER
dialog: Whatever it was, they’re keeping us
dialog: here till it’s cleaned up. Whole
text: town’s sealed off. Roadblocks,
dialog: everything. Tim Mitchell tried to
text: run one of ‘em, they shot him dead.
dialog: It’s the guy who gave David the pipeline schematic, here with
text: his ten-year-old son. Other children are in tears. Some of
text: the parents as well. A DISTRAUGHT MOM breaks down at the
dialog: sight of David.
speaker_heading: DISTRAUGHT MOM
dialog: Amy’s out there... my Amy...
text: He embraces her, not knowing what to say. A tall open-faced
text: guy named SHELDON steps forward, local choir director
text: clinging to his faith.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: I know things look bad right now, I
dialog: know they do, but like they say in
dialog: every tragedy there's a blessing --
speaker_heading: FEMALE TEACHER
dialog: (angry)
dialog: What's our blessing, Sheldon? I'm
dialog: dying to hear this one.
speaker_heading: SHELDON
dialog: We're not sick yet. Which means we
dialog: still got a chance.
text: A blessing indeed. Suddenly, the SQUEAL OF BRAKES. The
text: truck slowing. Lots of NOISE outside. A look of panic
text: sweeps the group. David rips a metal brace from the wall. A
dialog: weapon.
text: The truck STOPS. Parents shield their kids as the door is
text: unlocked. It swings open. SHADOWY FIGURES rush through.
text: David comes at them, ready to attack when he sees they are -
text: RESCUE WORKERS (in less severe biosuits, faces visible)
text: offering bottles of spring water and Powerbars.
speaker_heading: RESCUE WORKER
dialog: Quickly, people. We're getting you
dialog: out of here.
scene_heading: EXT. QUIK PHIL'S TRUCKSTOP - NIGHT
text: David and the others step warily from the truck, take in
text: their surroundings. A TRUCKSTOP being used as an operations
text: staging area. Military trucks refueling.
dialog: 42.
text: Transport helicopters coming and going from the adjoining
text: field. Supplies and troops being shuttled to and fro.
text: In the fenced-in parking lot where the livestock truck is, a
text: few HUNDRED SURVIVORS await evacuation, getting treatment in
text: first aid tents. A SITE COORDINATOR stands on a military
text: flatbed megaphoning instructions to a LINE OF SURVIVORS being
dialog: processed for transport:
speaker_heading: SITE COORDINATOR
dialog: As you board the buses you will
dialog: each be given a dispensation card,
dialog: it looks like this, do not lose it,
dialog: you will not be allowed into the
dialog: safe zone without your dispensation
dialog: card...
text: GREEN PLASTIC BARCODED BRACELETS being snapped on wrists and
text: hurriedly scanned into handheld computers. Temperatures
text: taken one last time. Visible relief on people's faces as
text: they look toward the EVACUATION BUSES idling nearby.
text: As David and the others take their place in line, a small
text: miracle. The distraught mom spots her little girl. Bursts
dialog: into tears -
speaker_heading: DISTRAUGHT MOM
dialog: AMY!!
text: Hugs her, frantically relieved. The reunion only heightens
text: David's loss. As he surveys the truckstop, plotting his
dialog: escape:
speaker_heading: KEVIN MILLER
dialog: Don't.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KEVIN MILLER
dialog: Whatever you're thinking. There's
dialog: one way out of here and it's on
dialog: those buses. You got a seat on
dialog: one. A seat a lot of people wish
dialog: they had.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Let ‘em have it.
speaker_heading: KEVIN MILLER
dialog: David. This might your last
dialog: chance. Don’t lose it running off
dialog: on some fool's errand.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Judy's a fool's errand?
speaker_heading: KEVIN MILLER
dialog: You know what I'm saying.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Tell you what, Kev. You don't ask
dialog: me why I can't leave without my
dialog: wife and I won't ask you why you
dialog: can.
text: A bit harsh but right on the money. Kevin Miller is left to
text: nurse his guilty conscience as David takes off.
text: We run with him down the narrow passage between two big rigs.
text: Quick stop. TWO ARMED GUARDS on patrol. David ducks under
text: the trailers, hiding until they’re gone. Moves on.
text: Squeezing through some temporary fencing, he jumps in the
dialog: back of a
text: SUPPLY TRUCK headed back into town.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSSROOM, ODGEN MARSH HIGH SCHOOL - NIGHT
text: SEDATED TOWNSPEOPLE strapped to gurneys in a social studies
text: classroom. Among them we find JUDY, semi-conscious, shoved
text: in here amid the overturned desks. An EXAMINER works from a
text: field kit, not providing medical care, taking tissue and
dialog: blood samples.
text: GUNFIRE erupts outside. The examiner stops his work and
text: stares out the window. He doesn’t move. Something terrible
text: is happening out there. Craning her neck, Judy can see
text: THE BALLFIELD DOWN THE HILL
text: where PANDEMONIUM has broken out. CRAZED TOWNSPEOPLE
text: attacking examiners, murdering medtechs. They overwhelm the
text: guards, shoot them with their own weapons, pull down the
text: fence at center field, causing a stampede.
text: ALL THE PRISONERS RUN INTO THE WOODS LIKE LUNATICS FLEEING AN
text: ASYLUM. The perimeter soldiers converge and open fire, but
text: they can’t stop the escape.
text: Seen through the haze of sedation, the horror is dreamlike.
text: Judy's eyes flutter closed. Helpless on her gurney.
text: Yesterday’s homework assignment chalked on the blackboard
text: above her.
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: INT. SUPPLY TRUCK - NIGHT
text: Sitting among stacks of BOXES, David watches the moonlit
text: prairie go by. Like a practical joke, an old ROAD SIGN goes
dialog: past:
dialog: "Welcome to Marsh County. Friendliest Place on Earth."
text: David looks at the boxes, curious what’s inside. He opens
dialog: one. Wishes he hadn't.
scene_heading: BODY BAGS.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF STATION - NIGHT
text: TICKING clock. Pot of coffee on the coffeemaker. The door
text: CREAKS open. David, crouched like a thief, hurries to his
text: desk, grabs his spare revolver, some bullets. A shotgun from
text: the gun rack. Shells.
text: Loading up, he catches sight of something horrific. Drops a
text: box of shells. On the floor of the holding cell -
text: BILL FARNUM HIDEOUSLY CONTORTED IN DEATH. His back arched
text: high off the floor. Neck tendons, obscenely tight,
text: practically tearing the jaw from his face.
text: David steps back, right onto the BARREL OF A SHOTGUN aimed at
text: his head.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Easy.
text: David raises his arms, turns.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Chief?!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Stop surprising me like that.
text: Manly embrace. David goes to look at Farnum again. Russell
text: obstructs.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Don’t look at that.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: They let you guys out?
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Let us? People went nuts. Tore
dialog: the place apart. It was like a
dialog: human slaughterhouse. I just ran.
dialog: 45.
text: Sound of a SPEEDING CAR interrupts them. They duck the FLARE
text: of its headlights. It’s that same BLACK SUBURBAN TEARING
text: PAST THE POLICE STATION at ninety miles an hour.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Judy, man, I tried to stop ‘em.
text: David nods, gathering shells from the floor. Stands, man on
dialog: a mission.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I’m going to get her.
text: Russell doublepumps the shotgun, the stress of the situation
text: bringing out his redneck roots.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Hoo-fuckin'-yah, chief, let's go to
dialog: the high school.
scene_heading: INT. OGDEN MARSH HIGH SCHOOL - NIGHT
text: HYSTERICAL SHRIEKS and SCREAMS fill the school. Violent
text: chaos spilling from the classrooms. An EXAMINER runs down a
text: second-floor corridor past a half-dressed LUNATIC roaming the
text: halls in a head bandage.
speaker_heading: EXAMINER
dialog: (to staff)
dialog: Let’s go! Forget it, we're
dialog: leaving! We are leaving!
text: EXAMINERS scramble for the exits.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The EXAMINER drawing blood samples hears the evacuation
text: order. Grabs his things and runs out, accidentally leaving a
text: needle embedded in the last victim’s arm. Blood drips onto
dialog: the floor.
scene_heading: PLIP. PLIP. PLIP.
text: We move up the arm to the face...
speaker_heading: It’s JUDY.
text: She stares at the dripping blood. Hands strapped, she can’t
dialog: do anything to stop it.
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: EXT. OGDEN MARSH HIGH SCHOOL - NIGHT
text: EXAMINERS and MEDTECHS jump in helicopters. SOLDIERS into
text: trucks. It’s obvious what’s happening. The military is
text: pulling out, conceding town center to the lunatics.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARDS - NIGHT
text: David and Russell, avoiding the main streets, cut through a
text: series of backyards in a dark residential neighborhood. The
text: night reverberates with DISTANT POPS of gunfire. They hop a
text: fence and David grabs Russell, pulls him sharply back.
scene_heading: A PSYCHOTIC HOUSEWIFE
text: sits at a picnic table in a bathrobe gutting a turkey.
text: Creepy uncomprehending stare. Her HUSBAND noosed from a tree
text: behind her.
scene_heading: PSYCHOTIC HOUSEWIFE
dialog: Did Peter call?
text: Madness. They move on, hop the other fence. The housewife
dialog: screaming in the b.g. -
scene_heading: PSYCHOTIC HOUSEWIFE
dialog: DID PETER CALL?!?
text: As they distance themselves, a look of dread comes to
text: Russell’s face.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: That's gonna be me.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You don't know that.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Right out of my goddamn tree like
dialog: my Uncle Willard who swears on the
text: Bible he ate a tadpole and shat out
dialog: a bullfrog, and that’s without the
dialog: screwy water so --
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Russ, we got enough problems
dialog: without you inventing ‘em.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Easy for you to say, you’re at the
dialog: end of the pipeline. I’m half a
dialog: mile from the Farnums.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Who's the sheriff?
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Who's the sheriff of Marsh County?
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: You.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I am. Who's the deputy?
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Me.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You are. Deputy does what the
dialog: sheriff tells him, that's the
dialog: balance of power. Now I'm telling
dialog: you you're not getting sick,
dialog: understand?
text: Russell nods, appreciating the sentiment.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Hope you're right, chief. I'm no
dialog: world beater but I had plans.
text: Crossing a street, they see MILITARY HELICOPTERS, perhaps a
text: mile away, lifting off into the night sky. David, alarmed,
text: quickens his stride.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That’s the school! They’re
dialog: bailing! Come on!
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: PLIP. PLIP. PLIP. Judy watching herself bleed. She could
text: die like this. One drip at a time. Gritting her teeth,
text: pronating her forearm, she manages to painfully scrape the
text: needle from her arm on the side of the gurney.
text: In the aftermath of the military exodus there is an eerie
text: calm filled with SHRIEKS and GROANS, the INSANE RANTINGS of
text: the abandoned inmates. With those horrible sounds in her
text: ears Judy scans the classroom. Her fellow townspeople.
text: Varying degrees of madness on display:
text: A middle-aged WOMAN SNICKERING to herself. A teenage BOY
text: BABBLING incoherently.
dialog: 48.
text: A CATATONIC MAN with the same half dead, half twitching face
text: Bill Farnum had. Others are unconscious, comatose, drooling.
text: Judy locks eyes, unexpectedly, with a high school girl
text: strapped down on the other side of the room. Terrified,
text: trembling, but otherwise asymptomatic. BECCA DARLING. Her
dialog: office helper.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Becca?! Becca, honey, are you
dialog: hurt...?!
text: Becca, deep in shock, trembling in terror:
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: Is this... really happening...?
text: Judy puts on a brave face, doctorly instincts taking over.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Don’t worry, it’ll be okay. All
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: You don’t really believe that, do
dialog: you?
text: Becca calls her bluff and suddenly it’s Judy battling
text: emotions. Near tears, she shakes her head no.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Where’s your mom and dad?
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: We were hiding... we tried to get
dialog: away...
text: The sentence ends in SOBS. Her parents are dead. Judy tugs
text: at her restraints, wants to get over there to help but can’t.
text: And now they have bigger problems. A terrible sound draws
text: their gazes to the door.
scene_heading: AN OMINOUS METALLIC SCRAPING NOISE COMING DOWN THE DARK
text: HALLWAY.
text: Somebody's coming. You can hear their SHUFFLING STEPS. Judy
text: shoots Becca a look. Be very quiet. Becca stifles her sobs
text: as the creepy scraping noise comes CLOSER, CLOSER...
text: And now it stops. The classroom door swings open with a
text: CREAK. A figure silhouetted in the doorway. Image from a
dialog: nightmare:
dialog: 49.
text: A pot-bellied LUNATIC drenched in blood. BRUCE WEBBER. The
text: A & P Manager. He is dragging a PITCHFORK.
text: Judy and Becca watch in mute terror, praying he’1ll leave.
text: Instead he enters. Drags the pitchfork to the nearest gurney
text: and looks down at the insane snickering woman.
text: He mumbles something nonsensical then raises the pitchfork
text: and SPEARS HER in the chest. Becca SCREAMS. Bruce extracts
text: the pitchfork from his first victim and shuffles to his
text: second. The babbling boy.
text: SPEARS HIM and continues his murderous ritual, heading
text: straight for Becca who is thrashing wildly but will never
text: escape. Judy fights to free her hands, to save Becca. She
dialog: can’t.
text: Stabbing everyone in his path, Bruce arrives at Becca who
text: closes her eyes as the lunatic raises his pitchfork. Just
text: then, Judy from the other side of the room:
speaker_heading: JUDY (0.S.)
dialog: NOOOO!!!!!
text: The kind of scream even a lunatic can’t ignore. Bruce stops,
text: turns. Sees Judy over there, strapped down by the
text: blackboard, helpless. Nudging desks aside, he comes for her
dialog: instead.
text: Hands pinned at her side, Judy stretches her fingertips just
text: far enough to reach the blackboard chalk tray and, using it
text: as a rail, gets the gurney rolling. Rolls herself right out
text: the classroom door, gripping whatever’s within reach.
text: Bruce follows her out, dragging the pitchfork.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Judy rolls down the row of lockers, grabbing the PADLOCKS
text: with that strapped hand, pulling herself along. The SOUND OF
text: THE PITCHFORK right behind her. Blind panic setting in. Her
text: diversion play quickly shaping up as suicide.
text: Craning her neck she can see Bruce coming. Quickens her
text: pace, fingers grabbing frantically at the padlocks. And then
text: tragedy strikes.
speaker_heading: HER HAND
text: misses the next lock, the last one in this row, and as a
text: result she misses the turn. And drifts helplessly into the
text: center of the corridor...
dialog: 50.
text: The wheels of her gurney CREAK to a stop. Her EYES wide with
text: terror. Her FINGERS still clutching at the air. STRANDED by
text: a trophy case of old basketballs.
text: The STEEL PRONGS OF THE PITCHFORK dragging closer. And now -
speaker_heading: BRUCE
text: shuffles into view. Stands above her, leering. The ROW OF
text: PADLOCKS swinging behind him like a hundred little pendulums.
text: As he raises the pitchfork -
scene_heading: A SHOTGUN BLAST
text: Catches him in the arm, spinning him fully around as a SECOND
text: BLAST RIPS A SIX-INCH HOLE IN HIS CHEST. Bruce Webber falls
text: in a heap, never comprehending his death. David and Russell
text: run to Judy, Russell standing guard as David unstraps her.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Not really.
text: Unstrapped, she takes off down the hall.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Where are you going?!
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - NIGHT
text: Judy unstraps Becca. Becca cries in her arms. Judy holds
text: her as she might her own child.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN CENTER - NIGHT
text: PREDATORY LUNATICS wander the streets, maimed, bleeding,
text: faces half dead. They attack each other at random, some
text: unleashing the same murderous fury on inanimate objects. Non-
text: predatory types stagger through the night babbling. CRAZED
text: CHILDREN running around like orphans of the apocalypse.
text: David, Judy, Russell and Becca jog along Main Street, past
text: shattered shopfronts and parked cars that have been BOOTED to
dialog: prevent driving.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Nobody's driving outta here.
text: An APACHE GUNSHIP flies by overhead. Shockingly fast.
text: Shockingly loud. David and the others duck around the corner
text: by the bank. Looks of terror on their faces, knowing they're
dialog: the targets.
dialog: 51.
text: They run on. Up ahead, a YOUNG MOTHER sits breast-feeding
text: her baby on the curb. She’s sobbing, rocking on her heels.
text: Judy slows. David keeps her moving.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: It’s Molly Hutchins.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You can’t help her.
text: And we see the baby in the young mother’s arms is not a baby.
text: A PLASTIC DOLL.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - NIGHT
text: They cross a wide field PULSING with cicadas. A mile from
text: town center it’s almost peaceful. The occasional burst of
text: gunfire in the distance.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: That truckstop where fifty hits the
dialog: county line, they're taking people
dialog: out of there, putting them on
dialog: buses.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Where to?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Wichita maybe, wherever, some safe
dialog: zone.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Hell of a walk, county line.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: My cruiser's back at the house.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: We'll be sitting ducks on the
dialog: highway.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'm thinking the power line road.
dialog: It's crap, but we can drive it.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
text: Leaves us about a mile on foot.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Exactly.
dialog: 52.
text: Judy falls behind, stops in the middle of the field. The
text: others look back at her, then to David - what’s going on? He
text: walks back to her. She stands, arms folded, trying to hide
dialog: her fear.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: What if they’re right? What if I’m
dialog: sick?
dialog: (includes Becca)
dialog: What if we both are?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You’re not sick.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Saying it doesn’t make it true.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: If you're sick, I’m sick -- we
dialog: drank from the same tap -- and I’m
dialog: not sick. Not yet anyway. So
dialog: let's keep walking.
text: They head back to the others, Judy with lingering reluctance,
text: the issue not entirely settled in her mind.
scene_heading: EXT. STONY CREEK - NIGHT
text: Wide, flat, glimmering with the same toxic sheen as the bog.
text: David and the others step carefully from stone to stone.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: (to David)
dialog: See those folks in town? Man oh
dialog: man, makes you wonder, don’t it?
dialog: ‘Bout human nature?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It’s not human nature’s doing this,
dialog: it’s a chemical.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Actin’ on an instinct that’s
dialog: already there or they’d be group-
dialog: huggin’ instead of tearing each
dialog: other apart.
text: Becca slips on a mossy rock and PLUNGES INTO THE STREAM.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Shit! Get her out of there!
dialog: 53.
text: They pull her out and tend to her on the opposite bank.
text: Becca sits sobbing in the aftermath, scared to death, soaked
dialog: from head to toe.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: It’s okay, we’ll get you some dry
text: clothes at the house.
text: Judy shares a private look of concern with David, both
text: noticing the creek’s toxic sheen. Becca sees it, too, and
text: draws her own conclusion.
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: (shuddering sobs)
dialog: I’m... gonna... die...
text: Russell takes off his deputy coat and puts it over Becca for
text: warmth. Squats in front of her, sheriff-in-the-making.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: You're getting out of here. I just
dialog: made that my duty.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD FARMHOUSE - TWILIGHT
text: The foursome moves in wary tandem, skirting the perimeter of
text: an old farm. A barn. Three silos. Judy walks beside Becca,
text: who is cold, shivering, and generally miserable, but manages
dialog: to strike a lighter note:
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: Guess this means no prom, huh?
text: Judy half smiles, nods yeah. David's hand flies up, halting
text: the group. He gestures 'stay' then walks on alone a bit
text: farther. Listens. Comes rushing back.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Down down down!
text: They all hit the ground. Hearts pounding. Listening. David
text: and Russell draw their guns. David indicates the hillcrest.
text: And now the enemy comes into view, moonshadowed and lethal -
text: A PLATOON OF BIOSUITED SOLDIERS wading through the tall grass
text: in infrared goggles. One of them is carrying a FLAMETHROWER.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Oh man.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: In there.
text: THREE SILOS behind them. They crawl through the grass.
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: INT. SILO - CONTINUOUS
text: Close the hatch and watch through RUST HOLES as the soldiers
dialog: storm the farmhouse.
text: We hear a SHRIEK inside the house and moments later the
text: soldiers emerge, dragging a CRYING WOMAN off the porch into
text: the front yard. They stand her up. Somebody jams a digital
text: thermometer in her ear.
scene_heading: BEEP-BEEP-BEEP.
text: BANG! They shoot her. Point blank. A battlefield
text: execution. The guy with the FLAMETHROWER steps up and
text: torches the body.
text: David's anger overwhelms his judgement. He reaches for the
text: hatch. Russell grabs his arm - no, chief. Flushed with
text: rage, David tries to pull away, but Russell holds strong.
text: And David's good senses returns. He backs down. But they’re
dialog: doomed anyway.
text: A SOLDIER IS HEADED OVER TO CHECK THE SILOS.
text: He checks the first then the second, working his way toward
text: the last one, the one they're hiding in. Panic sweeps the
text: group. David searches for some miracle escape. Up. Down.
text: Left. Right. There is nothing. The only exit is
speaker_heading: THAT HATCH
text: Through the rust holes we see the SOLDIER creeping toward it
text: with his assault rifle. Russell readying his weapons. David
text: his. Judy in disbelief. Becca whimpering with fright.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Shut her up!
text: Judy clamps her hand over Becca’s mouth as
text: THE HATCH DOOR CREAKS OPEN.
text: The MUZZLE OF AN M-16 enters first. Then the soldier’s
text: GASMASKED FACE. To the right he sees nothing, to the left -
text: RUSSELL who smacks him in the head with his rifle butt,
text: knocking him down. David and Russell drag the semi-conscious
text: soldier into the silo and close the hatch.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Pray they don't do a headcount.
dialog: 55.
text: They wait on pins and needles to see if the missing soldier
text: will be noticed. The platoon regroups in front of the house
text: and MOVES ON WITHOUT HIM.
text: Gasps of relief. Judy uncovers Becca’s mouth. Becca doubles
text: over crying. Russell yanks off the soldier's helmet, ready
text: to crush his skull with the rifle butt. But the face behind
dialog: the mask is not the face of an enemy...
scene_heading: AN EIGHTEEN-YEAR-OLD BOY.
text: Scared as hell. Far from home.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Aw Jesus...
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
text: The young private sits against the silo wall, welt on his
text: forehead where Russell smacked him. Blue-collar kid froma
text: blue-collar state. Well-mannered. West Virginia drawl.
text: PVT. BILLY BABCOCK. He's scared. They are the enemy.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What's your name?
scene_heading: PVT. BILLY BABCOCK
dialog: Billy Babcock...
text: David gestures to the yard outside, to the execution they
text: just witnessed -- a silent seething ‘why’?
scene_heading: PVT. BILLY BABCOCK
dialog: Orders, sir.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: From who?!
scene_heading: PVT. BILLY BABCOCK
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: Whoever gives ‘em, I dunno.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Are y'all gonna shoot me?
text: Judy answers for David and Russell.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: No.
scene_heading: PVT. BILLY BABCOCK
dialog: Then can you have him stop pointin'
dialog: that thing?
dialog: 56.
text: Russell's shotgun aimed at his head. David gives Russell a
text: look and Russell lowers it.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Billy, I want you to tell me what
dialog: exactly the fuck is going on down
dialog: here.
scene_heading: PVT. BILLY BABCOCK
dialog: I dunno. All's they said was
dialog: there'd been some accident. My
dialog: whole unit got flown in. We didn't
dialog: even know what state we was in till
dialog: we saw the license plates.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: There wasn’t anything on the news?
dialog: Before you left?
scene_heading: PVT. BILLY BABCOCK
dialog: No, ma’am. From what I hear
dialog: they're doing one of them media
dialog: blackouts.
text: David and Judy exchange a look.
scene_heading: PVT. BILLY BABCOCK
dialog: Am I gonna die breathing without my
dialog: mask?
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Is that what they said?
scene_heading: PVT. BILLY BABCOCK
dialog: They just said keep it on.
text: Troubled pause. Judy tosses him his gasmask.
dialog: He straps it
text: on over his face, breathes and talks through it the rest of
dialog: the scene.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Nobody's said anything about what
dialog: it was they spilled?
scene_heading: PVT. BILLY BABCOCK
dialog: No, sir, but -- I’m probably not
dialog: supposed to talk about this, but my
dialog: sergeant, he saw this computer
dialog: program they ran over at central,
dialog: some kinda 'casualty projection' I
dialog: think he called it, you know, to
dialog: see how things were gonna turn out
dialog: down here.
dialog: Gulp.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: How'd it go?
scene_heading: PVT. BILLY BABCOCK
dialog: Nobody lived past the third day.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Nobody?
scene_heading: PVT. BILLY BABCOCK
dialog: Crazies killed most of ‘em,
dialog: sickness got the rest. Today’s the
dialog: second day, I’d get out of here
dialog: tonight if I was you.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: How? The truckstop?
scene_heading: PVT. BILLY BABCOCK
dialog: Dunno, sir. Perimeter's pretty
dialog: hardcore. Even for healthies,
dialog: they're giving ‘em one warning shot
dialog: then it's a kill order.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Look, um, I know I don’t deserve no
dialog: favors from you people, but if you
dialog: let me go I swear to God I won’t
dialog: come back, they can courtmartial
dialog: me, I don’t care, I didn’t sign up
dialog: to shoot unarmed civilians. I’11l
dialog: just leave. Okay...?
dialog: 
text: Testing the waters, he starts to stand up. Russell levels
text: his gun.
dialog: David nods
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Sit down.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Cool it, Russ.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: He'll give away our location.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: We're not staying here.
text: ‘go ahead' to the boy. He stands up.
scene_heading: PVT. BILLY BABCOCK
dialog: Reckon you're keeping that, huh?
dialog: 58.
text: His M-16 and AMMO CLIPS.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yeah, we're gonna hold onto those,
dialog: Billy.
text: Billy nods okay. Steps to the hatch. Pauses there.
scene_heading: PVT. BILLY BABCOCK
dialog: Sorry 'bout your folks's town.
text: Then exits, running off into the night, opposite direction of
text: his platoon. David grabs the M-16 and ammo clips.
scene_heading: EXT. SILO - CONTINUOUS
text: As they come out the hatch:
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Why aren't they telling anybody
dialog: what’s going on down here?
text: David pauses, Russell’s question hanging.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (indicates)
dialog: That’s why.
text: THE BURNING CORPSE. They just stare, the firelight playing
text: across their haunted faces.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Let’s get to the house.
text: They set off and we see the farmhouse from a distance. Alone
text: on the prairie. A plume of smoke rising up ghostly pale in
dialog: the moonlight.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD BEHIND DUTTON HOUSE - DAYBREAK
text: They come up through the back acres. David with the M-16 on
text: his shoulder. Judy offering a grave assessment.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: This wasn’t a chemical spill.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: They're burning the bodies. It
dialog: must be bacteriological, viral.
dialog: Something that spreads by human
dialog: contact. Or the air.
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: The air? -- it was in the water.
dialog: 59.
text: Judy gives a grim nod.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: It was. It must have more than one
dialog: mode of transmission. Or mutated
dialog: or something, who knows.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: (to Judy)
dialog: How come I’m not crazy yet?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I told you why.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: (to Judy)
dialog: Besides the fact that your husband
dialog: officially forbade it.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Expose a group of people to
dialog: something, there’s always a handful
dialog: who aren’t affected. I don’t know,
dialog: Russell, maybe you’re naturally
dialog: immune.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Nah, I’m not that lucky.
text: They walk on. Judy’s face darkens as THEIR HOUSE comes into
text: view at the top of the field. Curtains sway in shattered
text: windows. The cruiser, gutted by fire, smolders in the
text: driveway. Caught up in her emotions, she dashes toward the
text: house with David, Russell and Becca playing catch up.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Judy, wait!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: ALTERNATE POV (STATIC) - Through a lace-curtained upstairs
text: window, we see them run across the field to the house...
scene_heading: INT. DUTTON HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Judy runs in the front door and slows, shocked -
text: THE HOUSE IS DESTROYED. Holes smashed through the walls.
text: Sofas and chairs slashed open. The upright piano decimated.
text: David enters and surveys the destruction with Judy as Russell
text: checks the other rooms to make sure there's nobody here.
dialog: 60.
text: Judy turns and walks out, past Becca who has stopped at the
text: front door out of simple respect. David lingers a moment
text: then follows.
scene_heading: EXT. DUTTON HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Judy at the clothesline taking down the laundry. David walks
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What are you doing?
dialog: (no reply)
dialog: Stop.
text: He catches her hands. Judy breaks down, dropping clothes.
text: David holds her beside the fluttering white sheets.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (re: house)
dialog: None of this matters. You know
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: (crying)
dialog: I don't care about the house...
dialog: it's everything. Everybody.
dialog: Everybody we know... I don't see
dialog: how we recover from this... I don't
dialog: see how this town ever comes
dialog: back...
text: Neither does David. He holds her close.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: ALTERNATE POV - Through a downstairs window, we see David and
text: Judy outside by the clothesline. LOW RASPY BREATHS.
text: Someone, inside the house, is watching.
scene_heading: EXT. DUTTON HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Judy walks away from the house to clear her head. Becca
text: following, hoping to console. David comes up the steps past
text: Russell who sits at the top, wiping sweat from his brow with
text: a handkerchief. Russell nods at the smoldering cruiser.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Sheriff-mobile's seen better days.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (nods )
dialog: We'll have to take our chances on
dialog: the highway. Power lines will take
dialog: too long.
dialog: 61.
dialog: Tosses Russell the M-16.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Stay with them, I'll be right back.
text: Russell nods and goes off across the lawn to catch the girls.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, DUTTON HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Overturned appliances. Food spilled on the floor. David
text: grabs some BOTTLED WATER and tosses it in a dufflebag.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY / STAIRS - CONTINUOUS
text: With a bowling motion he slides the dufflebag the length of
text: the hall to the front door as he heads upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Cresting the stairs, David comes down the hall to the -
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: He stops in the doorway, shocked. It’s a bloodbath.
scene_heading: A BLOOD-SOAKED SHEET
text: covers two corpses on the bed. Who's under there? David
text: steps closer, draws back the sheet -
scene_heading: TWO SLAUGHTERED PIGS
text: Their severed heads on the pillows suggest a husband and
text: wife. David places his hand on a carcass, checking for
text: warmth. His face darkens. Fresh kills. He tenses at a
text: sudden scary thought.
text: IS THERE SOMEONE UNDER THE BED?
text: He backs slowly away, angling his gaze underneath.
scene_heading: BARE FLOOR.
text: A moment of relief and then with renewed dread he slowly
text: turns to face the doorway, realizing the killers are more
text: likely behind him, hiding in the house, perhaps somewhere
dialog: down this dark upstairs hallway.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: David steps into the hall. Tense breath and then he starts
text: down it. Very slowly. Trying not to make a sound.
text: Sensitive to the slightest CREAKS of the floorboards.
dialog: 62.
text: Halfway to the stairs he STOPS ABRUPTLY, thinking he heard
text: something. Listens.
text: Nothing. The house is eerily still. Silent except for the
text: curtains billowing in the broken windows.
text: He continues on. Heel to toe. Heart pounding. Each closed
text: door a potential hiding place. Ten feet in front of him on
text: the left, that door looks particularly suspicious.
speaker_heading: THE CLOSET
text: open a crack. David’s eyes are riveted to it as he
text: approaches, convinced it will fly open any second. But the
text: attack comes from an open door to his right, from the half-
text: painted nursery. As he passes -
text: A GARBAGE BAG IS YANKED OVER HIS HEAD and he is hit - WHAM! -
text: flat across the chest with a pipe.
text: The blow sends him flying backwards. Bag on his head, David
text: is kicked in the gut and dragged into the master bedroom by
text: his feet, the plastic sucking back into his mouth as he gasps
dialog: for air.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: He is thrown across the room into the bureau. CRASH!
scene_heading: EXT. DOWN THE ROAD —- CONTINUOUS
text: Judy, walking away, looks back at the house. The windblown
text: grass drowning out b.g. noises.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Did you hear that?
text: Becca shakes her head. Russell too. They walk on.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Staggering to his feet, David claws at the plastic bag
text: covering his face, ripping it away to finally see his
dialog: attackers.
scene_heading: JAKE AND CURT HAMILL
text: Faces half paralyzed, half in spasm, wrenched into hideous
text: lopsided sneers.
text: Jake grabs the knife he used to slaughter the pigs and makes
text: a lunging stab. David's hand flies up in a reflexive block.
dialog: 63.
text: THE KNIFE POINT COMES OUT THE BACK OF DAVID’S HAND!
text: In and out, a flash of steel. David recoils clutching his
text: hand, blood pouring down. Curt swings a pipe at his head.
text: Barely misses. David stumbles backwards onto the bed,
text: sandwiched between the slaughtered pigs.
text: Jake jumps astride him, drives the knife two-handed at
text: David's chest. David catches him by the wrists, sends him
text: tumbling off the side of the bed, and rolls off the other
text: side as Curt brings the pipe down like a sledgehammer at his
text: face. The pipe hits the pillow instead.
scene_heading: FEATHERS EXPLODE EVERYWHERE.
text: David climbs to his feet, fumbling for something to fight
text: with. Grabs the phone book. A poor choice. The Hamill boys
text: back him into the corner. Feathers swirling. Curt unleashes
text: another swing of the pipe. WHAM!
text: David partly blocks it with the Yellow Pages, but the force
text: sends him flying backwards out the window.
scene_heading: EXT. DUTTON HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: CRASH! - David flies through and tumbles off the porch roof
text: onto the lawn below.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWN THE ROAD - CONTINUOUS
text: Judy, Becca and Russell whip around.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: DAVID!!
text: They run for the house, but they're too far away to help.
scene_heading: EXT. DUTTON HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: David tries to crawl away, but there's no escape. The Hamill
text: boys emerge from the house, closing in for the kill.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWN THE ROAD - CONTINUOUS
text: Russell, Judy and Becca running as fast as they can.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: DAVID!!
text: They can't reach him before the Hamill boys do. Knowing
text: this, Russell drops to one knee with his revolver and fires
text: TWO QUICK SHOTS from the neighbor's yard - POP! POP!
dialog: 64.
text: Dead-centers a round in each of the Hamill boys' chests. It
text: slows them but doesn’t stop them completely. Instantly up
text: and running again, Russell puts another two rounds in each
text: brother on the move - POP-POP! POP-POP! - dropping them in
text: their tracks five feet from David.
scene_heading: EXT. DUTTON HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Judy runs to David's side, near hysterics. Badly shaken
text: himself, he puts his arm around her. Blood courses down her
text: cheek from his hand.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: David oh my God let me see! LET ME
dialog: SEE!
text: He holds out his hand. Blood pooling in the upturned palm.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Oh Jesus, David...
text: She flips it over, sees the exit wound.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: ...it went through?!
text: He nods yeah, rattled to the core. Becca runs to the
text: clothesline, grabs a T-shirt. Tears off a strip. Ties the
text: first loop around David wrist as a tourniquet and wraps the
text: rest around his palm as a bandage.
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: Too tight?
text: David shakes his head, it’s fine. Quick thinking by Becca.
text: Judy clasps her hand - thanks. This whole time Russell
text: stands over the dead brothers in the b.g. Staring down at
dialog: them.
dialog: And then things get WEIRD:
text: He reloads and puts three more bullets in the head of each
text: brother, slowly, deliberately, savoring each shot. With
text: dawning horror David and Judy watch as he reloads a second
text: time and continues - BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! Judy can't
dialog: watch anymore.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: STOP!!
text: Russell fires one last RESOUNDING SHOT and then, after a
text: pause, walks over and pulls David to his feet, the loyal
dialog: deputy again.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: (seeing David's injury)
dialog: Still with us?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yeah. How ‘bout you?
text: Russell catches David’s look and his meaning. Casts a glance
text: at the bodies.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Just making sure.
text: David nods okay. Judy and Becca staring in silence at the
text: two bullet-riddled teenagers on the front lawn.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD AWAY FROM DUTTON HOUSE - DAY
text: House in the b.g., the group heads down the road. David and
text: Judy share a private word about Russell who walks just ahead,
text: the M-16 on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: JUDY
text: He’s infected.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You don’t know that.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: You saw what he did.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: He saved my life, that’s what I
dialog: saw.
text: End of discussion. David lengthens his stride to catch up
dialog: with Russell.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY 50 - DAY
text: Arrow-straight to its vanishing point. David, Judy, Becca
text: and Russell come into view. It’s hot and getting hotter.
dialog: One of those midsummer days where you feel the heat by 10 am.
text: David stops abruptly.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Goddammit.
text: He turns and looks back the way they came, cursing under his
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I left the water at the house.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: How far to the truckstop?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Fifteen miles.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: What do we do?
text: Russell grins at the HOT SUN.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: We fry.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY 50 - LATER
text: Through SHIMMERING HEAT WAVES we see the highway. The
text: foursome in the distance like a mirage. Then in CLOSEUP.
text: Damp shirts. Faces beaded with sweat.
text: Russell takes off his shirt and walks on bare chested.
text: Strong. Sinewy. Humming some 70’s rock song to himself.
text: David watches him, trying to gauge his sanity. Deflects
text: Judy's look of concern with:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I’d worry about her.
text: Indicates Becca, who has fallen behind. Judy goes back,
text: checks on her.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: You all right?
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: I feel sick.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: What kind of sick?
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: Dizzy.
text: Judy takes Becca by the elbow, helping her along. Just then -
text: A GUNSHOT splits the silence. David spins, where did that
dialog: come from? And before the group can orient themselves -
text: ANOTHER GUNSHOT, closer than the first. They dive in the
dialog: ditch as -
speaker_heading: A PICKUP TRUCK
text: comes four-wheeling across the field.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: THREE REDNECK PSYCHOS
text: in blood-soaked hunter vests howling out the windows, firing
text: rifles. Tied down across the hood is the body of
scene_heading: PVT. BILLY BABCOCK
text: Naked. Gutted like a deer. David and the others stare
text: numbly at this latest horror. The pickup tearing through an
text: old barbed wire fence as it races off across the field.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY 50 - LATER
text: More walking. More sweat. Judy, helping Becca as before,
text: spots a BINGO HALL set back from the highway on a dirt road.
text: An old COUPE DE VILLE parked in the lot.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: David.
text: He nods, already spotted it. Russell doesn’t seem to realize
text: they've stopped and continues walking.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hey Russ.
text: Russell doesn’t hear him, keeps walking.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Russell!
text: Russell never turns, never slows. David watches, worried.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Where he’s going?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (has no idea)
dialog: Let’s get the car.
scene_heading: EXT. BINGO HALL - DAY
text: A white peaked-roof bingo hall sits alone on the prairie like
text: a church without a steeple. David, Judy and Becca cross the
text: parking lot. A haunting VOICE echoes inside the building,
text: stops them dead in their tracks.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: B-14...
dialog: 68.
text: David and Judy trade looks. He cocks his handgun and they
text: continue toward the building.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY, BINGO HALL - DAY
text: They enter a carpeted lobby. Framed pictures of happy
text: winners on the wall. And here, a WATER FOUNTAIN. Becca,
text: thirst-crazed, goes straight for it. Steps on the pedal. It
text: HISSES and SPUTTERS. No water.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Can't drink it anyway.
text: Becca releases the pedal. And now that haunting voice comes
dialog: over the PA system:
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: I-21...
text: They all look to the set of double doors.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN ROOM, BINGO HALL - CONTINUOUS
text: The doors seen from the other side as they open. David, Judy
text: and Becca stepping through, warily, to scan the dark hall.
scene_heading: MAN'S VOICE ON P.A.
dialog: G-47...
text: Standing in the shadows at the far end, under the big
text: illuminated Bingo flashboard, an OLD MAN IN A SHRINER’S HAT
text: is reading the numbers off ping pong balls as they fly up the
text: chute into his hand from an electric blower-tumbler.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (calls to him)
dialog: That your car out front?
text: No reply, no acknowledgement whatsoever from the old shriner.
text: He reads another ball.
speaker_heading: OLD BINGO SHRINER
dialog: (over PA system)
dialog: N-32...
text: They walk up the aisle toward him.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hey, is that your car out there?
speaker_heading: OLD BINGO SHRINER
dialog: (over PA system)
dialog: 0-67...
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Can we borrow the keys?
text: They stop ten feet away. The old shriner holds out his hand,
text: palm downturned, as if to offer David something. A beat then
text: - FSSHHTUNK - a ping pong ball flies up into it.
speaker_heading: OLD BINGO SHRINER
dialog: (over PA system)
dialog: I-29...
text: Judy spots someone in the shadows. There, sitting among the
text: empty tables on the other side of the room - A MORBIDLY
text: OBESE MAN IN SUSPENDERS LEANED INTENTLY OVER HIS BINGO CARD.
text: She walks over to him, David and Becca close behind.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Excuse me, is that your --
text: She recoils in horror. The fat man is two days dead. Throat
text: slit. Jaw gaping at his blood-caked Bingo card.
text: They all stand there for a moment processing the image. A
text: five-hundred pound corpse with a Bingo card. Rolls of
text: decomposing fat overhanging the chair he’s sitting in. Owner
text: of the Coupe De Ville? Judy steps closer.
text: Holding her breath at the stench, reminding herself she’s a
text: doctor, she slips her hand into the dead man’s shirt pocket.
text: Empty. Right pant pocket. Empty. Left side. Empty. She
text: can’t reach the back ones. He’s sitting on them.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Help me lift him.
text: Startled looks of ‘who us?’ from David and Becca. A look in
dialog: reply from Judy, ‘yes, you two’. They come over and take
dialog: hold.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: On three. One... Two... Three!
text: As they wrestle with the man’s decomposing bulk, the dead
text: weight shifts unexpectedly, slipping -
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Shit, get back!
text: The massive corpse goes CRASHING to the floor, the BELLY
text: SPLITTING OPEN on one side unleashing a torrent of blood and
text: innards and liquefied fat. Judy stands in that mess,
text: repulsed. Holds up her hand.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CAR KEYS.
scene_heading: EXT. BINGO HALL - DAY
text: They exit to find RUSSELL sitting on the bumper of the Coupe
text: De Ville. Pissed off, pouring sweat, M-16 across his lap.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Guys trying to ditch me?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Russ, I called to ya, you kept
dialog: walking. We were gonna pick you up
text: down the road.
text: Russell says nothing, dubious. David puts the keys in the
text: ignition. Says a little prayer and gives it a try. The
text: engine turns over twice and STARTS.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY 50 - DAY
text: Empty highway. The Coupe De Ville comes into view at a
dialog: cautious thirty miles an hour.
scene_heading: INT. COUPE DE VILLE - DAY
text: David drives, scanning the horizon for danger. Judy doing
text: the same from the passenger seat. Russell sits bare-chested
text: in the back seat with Becca. Whispers to her, paranoid:
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: He called to me back there?
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: Twice.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Loud enough to hear?
dialog: Becca nods yeah.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Then why didn’t I hear him?
text: Judy shushes everybody.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Listen!
text: They all go silent. And now we hear it, the sound of an
dialog: oncoming
speaker_heading: APACHE
dialog: 71.
text: Oh shit. They’re sitting ducks out here. David punches the
text: gas, spins the tires - SCREEEECH!! A burst of acceleration
text: followed by a sudden stop as he pulls the car off the road -
scene_heading: EXT. CAR WASH - CONTINUOUS
text: - into the wash bay of an automated car wash.
scene_heading: INT. COUPE DE VILLE - CONTINUOUS
text: David kills the engine, everybody pitching their ears to the
text: fast-approaching ROAR overheard -—
text: VROOOM! - the Apache comes screaming down the highway.
text: Follows the road to its vanishing point. Gone. But the
text: threat remains.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: We can’t stay on the highway.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (forced patience)
dialog: What would you recommend, dear?
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: You said something about the
text: powerline road.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: We're five miles the other way now.
text: Becca, in the back, looks out the window and GASPS. A
text: HIDEOUS HALF-DEAD FACE watching them from the car wash lobby.
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: There’s somebody in there.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What? Where?
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: I saw someone.
text: They all stare at the lobby. There’s nobody there.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Let's go.
text: David reaches for the ignition, but before his hand gets
dialog: there -
text: THE CAR WASH ROARS TO LIFE!
dialog: 72.
text: The tracks engage the front tires, yanking the car forward
text: into the machine.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Holy fuck!
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: What’s happening?!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Somebody turned it on!
text: An overhead spray nozzle sprays its residual water and then,
text: SPUTTERING DRY, pukes PINK LIQUID SOAP all over the
text: windshield, blinding them.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: DAVID, GET US OUT OF HERE!!
text: He starts the engine, punches the gas, but the tires, covered
text: in pink slime, JUST SPIN in the tracks. They’1l have to ride
dialog: it out.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Goddammit!
text: A HIDEOUS TWITCHING FACE
text: Judy catches a glimpse of it through the swirling machinery.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Over there!!
text: David and Russell spin to look, but their view is obstructed
dialog: as -
scene_heading: BIG SPINNING BRUSHES
text: swing into frame, whipping at the windows and body panels,
text: flinging the pink soap off in gooey tendrils. And now Becca
dialog: sees out the back -
scene_heading: ANOTHER SINISTER FACE
text: She loses it. David whips his head around to see, but the
text: brush comes spinning down off the roof and across the back
text: window, blinding him.
text: Heightened terror. All the windows covered in soap. The
text: DEAFENING HUM of the MACHINERY. Becca, hysterical, crouching
dialog: on the floor -
speaker_heading: BECCA DARLING
dialog: I don’t wanna die like this!
dialog: 73.
text: A DARK SHAPE zips past Russell’s window. He freaks. Rolls
text: it down and GOES FULLY AUTOMATIC WITH THE M-16, spraying
text: bullets everywhere. David and the others cover their ears,
text: the DEAFENING GUNFIRE only adding to the terror.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: RUSSELL!!!
text: Crazed, Russell keeps firing, empties the clip. Tosses the
text: spent weapon out the window. Rolls it up again. Turning to
dialog: tell David:
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: I saw movement!
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: EVERYTHING’S FUCKING MOVING!!
text: A momentary calm as the BRUSHES RETRACT. And then -
text: WHAM! - The SWAYING CHAMOIS DRYERS hit the windshield, making
text: everybody jump. David fires a reflexive shot through the
text: windshield, then steadies himself.
text: The LONG TENTACLES OF FABRIC engulf the car, shimmying across
text: the windows like living creatures. It’s creepy. God knows
text: what they conceal. David tries the gas again -
text: WHIRRRRRRRR. We hear the tires spinning. David keeps them
text: going, inching the car forward by that small coefficient of
dialog: friction.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Come on, come on, come on...
text: Suddenly, as they clear the tentacles -
speaker_heading: CRASH!
text: The driver’s side window EXPLODES behind David’s head,
text: spraying the interior with glass fragments. Almost
text: simultaneously the rear window EXPLODES, a cinder block
text: landing in the back seat.
text: A LUNATIC FACE flies in at David through his shattered
text: window, teeth bared like a rabid dog. David deflects the
text: bite to the steering wheel where it takes a chunk out of the
text: rubber, exposing the steel below.
text: David counters with a vicious elbow that crushes the
text: lunatic’s nose and sends him reeling backwards against the
text: wall. Another LUNATIC walks up onto the hood of the car,
text: holding a cinder block above his head that is destined for
text: the windshield. Judy screams, shielding her face.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: DAVID!!
text: CRASH! The windshield shatters. The car roof caves in as a
text: THIRD LUNATIC jumps on top and trampolines. And now the
text: first lunatic is back at the window, a human pit bull, David
text: barely holding him off by the throat as he starts the engine
text: with his other hand.
text: The first lunatic lashes out, loops a RINSE HOSE around
text: David's neck. A noose. The lunatic on the roof yanks it
text: taut using the overhead swing arm as a winch to pry David out
text: of the car.
text: Choking, head jammed against the ceiling, David throws the
text: car into the reverse, creating slack in the hose. Judy
text: frantically unwinds it from his neck. Freed, David goes full
text: throttle. The WHIRRRRRRR of the spinning tires becomes a
text: piercing SCREEEEEEECH as they catch the asphalt at the end of
dialog: the tracks.
text: But at the last second, one of the lunatics loops the hose
dialog: around
speaker_heading: BECCA’S NECK
text: As the car peels out, the hose snaps taut and YANKS HER
text: BACKWARDS OUT THE REAR WINDOW!
text: Judy whips around SCREAMING, jams her foot on the brake.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR WASH - CONTINUOUS
text: Jumps out and runs to Becca who is dangling from the swing
text: arm. David and Russell jump out right behind her, dropping
text: the attackers at close range. BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!
dialog: BANG!
text: Judy grabs Becca around the torso, supporting her weight as
text: she tries to get the hose from around her neck. A desperate
text: effort and a futile one. The hose is too tight and
text: BECCA IS DEAD. Neck snapped. Noosed by the high-pressure
dialog: hose.
text: David comes over, turns Judy away. She fights it and then
text: reality hits. She hammers her fists on his chest in anger
text: and then collapses against him in grief, sobbing.
text: Meanwhile, in the b.g., the Coupe De Ville, left idling in
text: neutral, rolls across the lot and comes to a stop in the
text: road. It sits there idling as Judy returns to Becca now,
dialog: needing to get her down.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Help me!
text: David pulls his knife and cuts the hose. Becca slumps into
text: Judy's arms. Judy cradles her down into a seated position,
text: weeping over the girl’s body.
dialog: The scene would end on that image, but it’s here that the
text: APACHE revisits them. SCREAMING across the prairie to open
text: fire on the exposed Coupe De Ville. Bullets strafe the car
text: lengthwise. It catches fire and burns.
text: They watch in silence. Russell nodding to himself like a man
text: reveling in God’s authority. David and Judy's expressions
text: edging toward doom. The smoke, blowing across their faces,
text: paints Judy’s tears black.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY 50 - LATER
text: They walk on. Judy looks ready to give up.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: They’1l never let us in without
dialog: testing us. I already failed that
dialog: test once.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: And you know why.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Oh Jesus, David. Even if you're
dialog: right, how are we gonna prove it?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'm feeling persuasive.
text: Up ahead is a FAMILY STATION WAGON stopped by a spike strip.
text: David checks the ignition as they walk up.
speaker_heading: KEYS.
text: He reaches in, tries to start the engine.
speaker_heading: JUDY
text: The tires are flat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It'll drive on the rims.
text: The engine turns over, won't start. He pops the hood. All
text: the SPARK PLUG CABLES HAVE BEEN CUT.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Bastards.
dialog: 76.
text: Slams the hood down. Moment of despair. David looks wearily
text: down the highway. Hears something behind them. A CAR
text: APPROACHING. There in the distance, coming fast.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Move!
text: They all take cover behind the station wagon. Here it comes,
text: racing down the highway...
scene_heading: THE BLACK CHEVY SUBURBAN
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Maybe they'll help.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Did you just block out the last
dialog: seventy-two hours of your life?
dialog: They're not even gonna stop.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Sure, they are.
text: With a deranged smile Russell kicks the SPIKE STRIP - buried
text: in the dirt behind the stopped wagon - across the road.
text: THE SUBURBAN HITS IT AT A HUNDRED MILES AN HOUR, SKIDS
text: SIDEWAYS AND GOES INTO A BARREL ROLL.
text: Pieces fly off as it tumbles. A bumper. A door. It comes
text: to rest on its side in the cornfield. Russell goes jogging
text: off toward it, rifle in hand. David and Judy in utter shock.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: If they’re alive he’ll kill ‘em.
text: David takes off after Russell, hollering his name.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK SUBURBAN WRECKAGE / FIELD - DAY
text: A nondescript man of fifty crawls from the wreckage.
text: Buzzcut. Shattered gasmask hanging from his face. A
text: MILITARY INTELLIGENCE OFFICER. He's on his hands and knees,
text: bleeding from the mouth, from a gash in his hairline.
text: Russell puts a gun to his head.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Welcome to Marsh County.
dialog: Friendliest Place on Earth.
text: David runs up. Judy behind.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Russ! Russ! Let me talk to him!
dialog: 77.
text: Russell mulls it over, gun on the guy’s head. Backs off.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (to Intelligence Officer)
dialog: What did you people spill?
text: The Intelligence Officer spits blood, looks up at David,
text: dazed, angry.
scene_heading: MILITARY INTELLIGENCE OFFICER
dialog: Who the fuck are you?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: The guy standing between you and a
dialog: bullet.
text: The Intelligence Officer spits more blood then shifts
text: painfully into a seated position. Pulls off the shattered
dialog: gasmask. Tosses it aside.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What were we exposed to?
text: After a moment, with a sigh of resignation:
scene_heading: MILITARY INTELLIGENCE OFFICER
dialog: Zoonotic agent, rhabdoviridea
dialog: prototype.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Rhabdoviridea... You mean, rabies?
scene_heading: MILITARY INTELLIGENCE OFFICER
dialog: With a few alterations and
dialog: enhancements.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What’s he talking about?
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: (shocked; sickened)
text: A weapon. A biological weapon.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute,
dialog: you guys engineered this crap?!
dialog: You got any idea what it does to
dialog: people?!
scene_heading: MILITARY INTELLIGENCE OFFICER
dialog: It does what it was designed to do.
dialog: Destabilize a population. In this
dialog: case, the wrong one.
dialog: (off their stunned looks)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: MILITARY INTELLIGENCE OFFICER (cont'd)
dialog: We lost a plane, fellas, what do
dialog: you want me to say?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: How about ‘sorry for destroying
dialog: your whole goddamn town’?!
scene_heading: MILITARY INTELLIGENCE OFFICER
dialog: Take it up with the pilot, I came
dialog: down here to help!
text: David has no answer for that. The Intelligence Officer, like
text: Billy Babcock, defies the ‘enemy’ label, just another guy on
text: a different side of the issue doing his job.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: What’s the incubation period?
scene_heading: MILITARY INTELLIGENCE OFFICER
text: Forty-eight hours. After that,
dialog: you're either dead or you don’t
dialog: have it. But they’re afraid it
dialog: could go airborne. It’s rare but
dialog: it happens and they’re not taking
dialog: any chances.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: How rare?
scene_heading: MILITARY INTELLIGENCE OFFICER
dialog: One-in-a-million.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You guys are gonna let us die here
dialog: for one-in-a-million odds?
scene_heading: MILITARY INTELLIGENCE OFFICER
dialog: When the risk is global pandemic?
dialog: You're goddamn right. One carrier
text: is all it takes. Nobody leaves.
text: Grim silence. The Intelligence Officer struggles to his
text: feet, leans wobbly-legged against the wreckage, somebody's
text: husband, somebody's father, the beaten hero of his own story.
scene_heading: MILITARY INTELLIGENCE OFFICER
dialog: (apologetic)
dialog: For what it’s worth, I --
text: BANG! - his head jerks back as a bullet rips through his
text: forehead. Russell just shot him from behind David.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Nooo!!!
dialog: 79.
text: Judy is SCREAMING. Falls down as she staggers backwards.
text: Has never seen someone shot at close range. David grabs
text: Russell two-fisted by the shirt and walks him backwards into
text: the field, yelling in his face.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: WHAT'S THE MATTER WITH YOU?!
dialog: WHERE'S YOUR HEAD AT?! I SAID I
dialog: WANTED TO TALK TO HIM!!
text: Russell holds David's stare, coldly indifferent.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: You talked.
text: Russell shoulders his rifle and walks off, picking up a
text: portable MILITARY RADIO from the debris along the way. David
text: watches him then helps Judy to her feet.
text: A DEAD INTELLIGENCE OFFICER IN A KANSAS CORNFIELD. Blood,
text: sprayed across the Suburban's undercarriage, SIZZLING on the
text: hot exhaust pipe.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY 50 - LATER
text: David and Judy walk the sun-scorched highway, eyes trained on
text: Russell who walks fifty paces in front, a man to fear.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I‘ll get the guns from him.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: What if he tries to stop you?
text: Russell, out of earshot, glances back at them as if knowing
text: their private thoughts. Turns forward again. And we get
dialog: David's reply:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: He's a good kid, but I'll kill him
dialog: if I have to.
text: Russell starts to jog. David and Judy match his stride,
dialog: maintaining that fifty-pace separation.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - LATER
text: Abandoned filling station. Russell crosses the lot and goes
text: inside. David and Judy arrive moments later and follow him.
dialog: Tense. Moment of truth.
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION - DAY
text: David and Judy enter. On the far wall is a cooler filled
text: with BOTTLED WATER. Russell tosses them both a bottle.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Thanks.
text: Russell exits without a word. Steps outside and pours an
text: entire bottle over his head. Opens a second bottle and sits
text: down drinking it on the concrete median by the pumps.
text: David and Judy guzzle, the excess water running down their
text: necks. Both watching Russell through the window as he SCANS
text: THE CHANNELS on the military radio. STATIC. He puts the
text: radio down and heads for the men’s room. David sees
dialog: Russell’s mistake.
text: The radio, and HIS GUNS, sitting by the pumps.
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM, GAS STATION - DAY
text: Russell, at the urinal, flushes, zips, steps to the sink
text: where he blows his nose into his handkerchief.
text: THE WHITE CLOTH TURNS DARK RED, FILLING WITH BLOOD.
text: He tucks it away, seemingly unaware. Stares at himself in
text: the cracked mirror. Dead-eyed. Sweat rivering down his
dialog: cheeks.
dialog: Madness.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - DAY
text: Russell exits. Sees his guns are gone. Flushing with rage,
text: he crosses to David, who has them.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: I'm gonna need those back.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'll carry 'em for a while. You've
dialog: been carrying 'em the whole time.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Yeah, thanks anyway.
text: Russell reaches for them. David shakes his head, stony.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I got ‘em.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: You sure about that?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yeah.
text: Russell nods, nods again, then draws from behind his back a
text: SPARE HANDGUN. David is hopelessly outdrawn. Judy white
dialog: with terror.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Russell, we're on your side...
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: My side? I didn't even know there
dialog: was sides.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: There's not, I didn't --
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Tell her to shut up.
text: David gestures. Judy stops talking. Russell presses the gun
text: to David's chest.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: RUSSELL, NO!
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
text: TELL HER TO SHUT HER MOUTH OR I'LL
dialog: KILL HER TOO!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (to Judy while looking at
dialog: Russell)
dialog: Stop talking. Let him think about
dialog: what he's doing.
text: Russell stares David in the face. Finger on the trigger.
text: Taps him bluntly on the chest with the barrel.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: One..
dialog: (taps him again)
dialog: Two...
dialog: (taps him again)
dialog: Three!
dialog: You're waiting for the gunshot but Russell just shakes his
text: head in reproach.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: That's how many times I saved your
dialog: life.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION / HIGHWAY 50 - MOMENTS LATER
text: Russell, who now has all the guns, gestures down the road
text: with his revolver.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: (e.g. ‘walk’)
dialog: Out in front where I can see you.
text: David and Judy start down the road, Russell behind them.
text: They talk under their breath.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Let's just run.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No. Give him a target he'll hit
dialog: it. Let me think a minute.
text: They walk on, weighing their options. And David realizes.
dialog: They have none.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (turns)
dialog: Fuck it, I'm gonna confront him.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: David, no -
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: We don't get to that truck stop
dialog: we're dead anyway.
text: He walks back toward Russell. Russell raises the M-16.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Back off.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I want to talk to you.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
speaker_heading: BACK OFF!
text: Russell takes aim at David's face.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Just wanna talk.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: JUDY
speaker_heading: DAVID, STOP!
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Put the gun down.
text: Russell tightens on the trigger.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: You better listen to me.
speaker_heading: JUDY
speaker_heading: DAVID!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Put it down.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
scene_heading: FINAL WARNING, CHIEF!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I just want to talk to you.
text: David walks right up to him. The M-16 pointed at his throat.
text: Russell staring down the barrel.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Can we talk? Man to man?
text: A long tense moment then Russell lowers his weapon.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Okay. Here's the deal --
text: David PUNCHES HIM square in the face, lays him out flat.
text: Russell, dazed, offers no resistance as David quietly disarms
text: him, just stares at the sky like he's daydreaming:
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: (hazy)
dialog: Remember that monster catfish I
dialog: caught last summer?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (disarming him)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: (hazy)
dialog: What'd he weigh, you reckon?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (disarming him)
text: Ten fifteen pounds.
dialog: 84.
text: Faint smile from Russell.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: (hazy)
dialog: Big son of a bitch.
text: Judy arrives, her shadow falling across Russell who sits up
text: now, semi-lucid, the suckerpunch helping clear his head.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: I'm not right, am I?
text: David shakes his head no. Russell nods in confirmation.
text: Unexpectedly, his voice cracks with emotion.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Can I keep walking with you guys?
dialog: Little while longer?
text: David trades looks with Judy.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY 50 - LATER
text: They're jogging again. Russell struggling to keep up. Judy
text: drinks from a water bottle, passes it to David. He finishes
text: it, tosses it. And before the bottle hits the ground - he
text: grabs her and pull her into the tall grass. They peer
text: through it. Both crouching.
text: TWO MILITARY TRUCKS butted together form a CHECKPOINT two
text: hundred yards down the road. SIX HEAVILY ARMED SOLDIERS IN
text: BIOSUITS. No way past.
text: Russell arrives beside them, huffing. Sizes up the
text: checkpoint. Indicates a route through the adjoining field.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Cut through there, you can pick up
text: the highway on the other side.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: They'll see us.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: They'll be focusin' on me.
text: David looks at Russell. He's offering to sacrifice himself.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
text: Deputy does what the sheriff tells
dialog: him. You're the sheriff.
text: Permission. David can't give it. Russell holds out his hand
dialog: for a gun.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: I’m done, chief, let me go out big.
text: Moment of deliberation then David puts the revolver in
text: Russell’s hand, making sure it's fully loaded. A beat and
text: then he gives him the shotgun as well, pumping his last
text: shells into the chamber. Gun in each hand, Russell eyes the
text: checkpoint. Steeling himself. Looks at David one last time.
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Hoo-fuckin'-yah.
text: And takes off through the field toward the checkpoint. We
text: run with him, immersed in the sounds - the SWISHING GRASS,
text: his POUNDING STEPS, and the ROCK ANTHEM he's singing under
text: his breath to psych himself up ("Walk This Way"):
speaker_heading: RUSSELL
dialog: Met a cheerleader was a real young
dialog: bleeder oh the times I could
dialog: reminisce, 'Cause the best things
dialog: of lovin' with her sister and her
dialog: cousin only started with a little
dialog: kiss, like this...
text: He OPENS FIRE, veering out of the field in a dead sprint at
text: the checkpoint. Takes out four of the six soldiers before
text: they gun him down.
text: The remaining soldiers gather around Russell's body. David
text: and Judy running to safety through the opposite field.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY 50 - SUNDOWN
text: A road sign. Quik Phil's Truckstop 1/2 MILE. David and Judy
text: lengthen their strides.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Come on. We're there.
scene_heading: EXT. QUIK PHIL'S TRUCKSTOP / STAGING AREA - SUNDOWN
text: David and Judy slow as they reach the parking lot,
text: anticipation turning to dread.
text: THE TRUCKSTOP IS ABANDONED.
text: A ghost town. They kick aside the temporary fencing and walk
text: across the empty parking lot. It's strewn with litter like a
text: state fairground at the end of the season.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It was Grand Central last night.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: They must have gotten everybody
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: In what...?
text: The EVACUATION BUSES are parked in the same spot as before.
dialog: And booted, like the cars in town, to prevent driving. It's
text: eerily quiet. Which makes the one sound they do hear all the
dialog: more ominous.
text: A STEADY HUM from the far side of the parking lot where THREE
text: REFRIGERATED BIG RIG TRAILERS ARE LINED UP.
text: David and Judy exchange a grim look.
scene_heading: EXT. REFRIGERATED TRAILERS - SUNDOWN
text: Seventy-footers. Back doors padlocked. Refrigeration units
text: HUMMING. David breaks open a padlock using the shotgun as a
text: pry arm. Swings open the door...
scene_heading: LIFELESS ARMS FLOP INTO FRAME. GREEN BARCODED BRACELETS ON
text: THEIR WRISTS.
text: David and Judy stare in disbelief. We never see inside the
text: trailer itself. Their faces tell the story.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: They weren't even sick...
text: David picks something up off the ground.
text: A HANDFUL OF M-16 SHELL CASINGS.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Nobody leaves.
text: He flings them across the parking lot in disgust. We hear
text: the shells CLINKING and PINGING over an image of the dangling
text: dead arms.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE, QUIK PHIL'S TRUCKSTOP - SUNDOWN
text: A trash can SHATTERS the glass door. David and Judy step
text: through and survey the deserted truckstop. Slot machines
text: glimmer multi-colored in the darkness.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT, QUIK PHIL'S TRUCKSTOP - DUSK
text: David and Judy lean over a KANSAS MAP in the empty
text: restaurant. The soft HISS of static on the military radio.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: We don't get outta here nobody's
dialog: ever gonna know what happened.
speaker_heading: JUDY
text: They wiped out an entire town.
dialog: What are they going to say?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Whatever they want.
dialog: (indicates map)
dialog: All these roads are gonna be
dialog: blocked.
scene_heading: INT. GIFT SHOP, QUIK PHIL'S TRUCKSTOP - NIGHT
text: They grab supplies. Bottled water. Chocolate bars. Hats
text: and sunglasses from a display rack as they exit.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, QUICK PHIL’S TRUCKSTOP - CONTINUOUS
text: Come down the hall toward the main entrance.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Thirty miles to Wichita. On foot,
dialog: avoiding main roads, we’ll average
dialog: maybe three four miles an hour.
dialog: That gets us there by daybreak.
text: A NOISE stops them. Came from just around the corner. There
dialog: is it again.
text: The sound of a COIN TUMBLING THROUGH A PAY PHONE, being taken
text: from the return slot and reinserted at the top where it
text: tumbles down again and again and again.
text: David motions for Judy to remain silent and perfectly still.
text: Tiptoes to the corner. Peers around it.
text: Sitting in one of those private pay phone stalls with his
text: back to us is a beast of a man, a giant Oklahoma TRUCK DRIVER
text: in a blood-stained tanktop. The blood is his own, seeping
text: from a gunshot he took in the chest and didn’t die from.
text: David ducks back around the corner. Holy shit. He turns
text: back to Judy, motioning for her to head back the opposite
dialog: direction. But just then we hear -
text: THE COIN, TUMBLING THROUGH THE PAY PHONE AGAIN, FALL FROM THE
text: RETURN SLOT AND HIT THE FLOOR, FOLLOWED BY THE OMINOUS SOUND
text: OF IT ROLLING EVER NEARER...
text: It rolls into view and goes into one of those lazy spins in
text: front of David and Judy.
dialog: 88.
text: A stunned pause then they start backing away. Quickly and
text: quietly as possible. The COIN spinning faster and faster.
text: The truck driver's FOOTSTEPS approaching.
text: He comes around the corner, looks up from the coin at David
text: and Judy. His face is grotesque:
scene_heading: DEAD ON ONE SIDE, THE OTHER HALF IN VIOLENT SPASMS, MOUTH
text: JERKING BACK TO EXPOSE THE TEETH AND GUMS.
text: As he stands there staring at them - BANG! - he takes a
text: bullet in the side of the head. Gore sprays from the exit
text: wound. He falls and we hear DELIRIOUS HOWLS down the hall.
text: In one of those corner-mounted security mirrors, David and
dialog: Judy see who fired the shot -
scene_heading: THE REDNECK HUNTERS
text: Trudging down the hall in their blood-soaked orange vests.
text: David gestures for Judy to back up fast. She does and he
text: follows her, the two of them retreating into the
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT, QUIK PHIL’S - NIGHT
text: Immediately they are forced to hit the floor as -
scene_heading: THE PICKUP TRUCK
text: driven by the THIRD HUNTER, pulls up right outside the
text: windows, the back of it heaped with bodies. David and Judy,
text: flat on their stomachs, draw quick terrified breaths.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Did he see us?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I don’t know. We gotta move.
text: They crawl across the carpet toward the far side of the
dialog: restaurant.
text: The two hunters drag the dead truckdriver out by his ankles
text: and heave his body up onto the pile. The third hunter LAYS
text: ON THE HORN in celebration of the kill.
text: David and Judy crawl behind the counter, through a swinging
dialog: door into the -
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, QUIK PHIL’S RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: They pause just inside, breathless with fear. David,
text: steadying the swinging door with his fingertips, trying to
dialog: think what to do next.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Maybe they’1l leave.
text: David gives her a doubtful look, steals a peek through the
text: window in the door.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Truck’s still there.
text: The driver's seat is empty. No sign of the hunters anywhere.
dialog: Until -
text: ALL THREE OF THEM ENTER THE RESTAURANT!
text: guffawing, guns leveled, looking for prey.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Fuck.
text: David ducks down. Scans the kitchen. No visible exits.
text: They’re trapped.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Where are they?
text: David gestures ‘right there, shhhhh.’ He peers through the
text: crack in the door, watching as:
text: The hunters search the restaurant, looking under tables,
text: working their way through the seating area toward the
text: kitchen. One of them slips out of view as they approach.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: They're coming.
text: David and Judy retreat toward the back of the kitchen. David
text: grabs a couple of knives as they pass the cook’s station,
text: hands one to Judy. They hide around a corner, flatten
text: themselves against the wall, David with a finger to his lips
dialog: telling Judy not to make a sound. And now -
scene_heading: THE KITCHEN DOORS
text: swing open. The two hunters enter. We hear their heavy
text: bootsteps. The treads leaving bloody footprints on the
text: tiles. They make their way past the cook’s station and the
dialog: sink to
text: THE VERY CORNER WHERE DAVID AND JUDY ARE HIDING
text: Here they pause, as if sensing their prey, and then,
text: together, whip around the corner, guns up.
dialog: DAVID AND JUDY ARE GONE
dialog: 90.
text: But where? We find them around the next corner, their final
text: fallback position. They listen, clutching the knives, to the
text: ADVANCING FOOTSTEPS of the hunters. In the final seconds
dialog: David sees -
speaker_heading: A DOOR
text: ten feet away. Fire exit. Can they make it? He motions to
text: Judy. They go for it. Slip through.
scene_heading: INT. BACK HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Stop dead in their tracks on the other side. Standing right
text: in front of them is
text: THE THIRD HUNTER!
text: With an excited grunt he puts the gun in David’s face and
text: pulls the trigger.
speaker_heading: CLICK!
text: Idiot forgot to reload. David drives the knife into his neck
text: and leaves it there as he and Judy take off down the hall.
text: The hunter drops to his knees, puking up handfuls of blood.
text: The other two hunters explode through the door and open fire.
text: David and Judy run for their lives. The hunters in hot
text: pursuit, galloping along in their bloody boots.
scene_heading: INT. ARCADE - CONTINUOUS
text: David and Judy cut through an arcade. Pinball machines and
text: slot machines flying past in a blur. BOOM! - a shotgun blast
text: vaporizes a Pacman machine.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: They exit the arcade into a hallway with one flickering
text: fluorescent light. David grabs door handles as they run,
text: looking for an exit. This one opens.
speaker_heading: A MOP CLOSET
text: Shit. They run on. Desperate. GUNSHOTS chasing them around
text: the corners. The hunters closing in. Nowhere to run.
dialog: Except this -—
speaker_heading: LAST DOOR
text: David yanks it open. He and Judy race through, down a
speaker_heading: CORRIDOR
dialog: gl.
text: lined with vending machines and chairs that widens into a
dialog: lobby of some sort.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER DOOR
text: Flies open. David and Judy, charging through, find
dialog: themselves in -
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE, QUIK PHIL'S TRUCKSTOP - CONTINUOUS
text: The cavernous work area where they service the rigs. David
text: locks the door behind them. A temporary respite because a
scene_heading: PLATE GLASS WINDOW
text: looks in from the lobby. As soon as they see it, the two
text: hunters are there. David spins, sees:
text: A BIG-RIG CAB ELEVATED SIX FEET OFF THE GROUND ON A HYDRAULIC
speaker_heading: LIFT.
text: On the wall nearby are a DOZEN SETS OF KEYS. David lunges,
text: grabs them.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Climb!
text: Scaling tool chests and oil drums, David and Judy climb up to
dialog: the elevated truck cab as -
text: THE HUNTERS SHATTER THE WINDOW AND CLIMB INSIDE THE GARAGE.
text: David and Judy dive inside the cab as shotgun blasts
text: pulverize the doors. The hunters keep shooting, emptying
text: their guns at the elevated rig. When they stop to reload -
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK CAB - CONTINUOUS
text: David and Judy, crouched on the floor, seize the moment.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Lock ‘em!
text: They both lock their doors and crouch back down, bracing
dialog: themselves for another assault. But there are no more
text: gunshots. Not yet. What they hear instead are TOOLS
text: SPILLING TO THE FLOOR.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Oh my God, they’re climbing up!
text: David jumps into the driver’s seat as the FIRST HUNTER CLIMBS
text: INTO VIEW. He meets David's gaze with a murderous grin.
text: Aims his shotgun at the glass.
dialog: 92.
text: David kicks his door open, sending the hunter flying off to
text: the floor below where his SKULL HITS with a SICKENING CRACK.
text: Undeterred, he starts climbing back up. The SECOND HUNTER
text: scaling the tool chests ahead of him.
text: But David sees something far more terrifying than these two:
scene_heading: THE THIRD HUNTER
text: climbs in through the lobby window. Knife still embedded in
text: his neck, blood rivering from the wound, he glares up at
text: David in the truck then starts looking around for something.
text: Sees it over there on the wall.
scene_heading: THE HYDRAULIC RELEASE BUTTON
text: David reads his intention, tosses Judy the keys. No time to
dialog: waste.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: See if any of those work!
text: Judy starts trying them in the ignition, one after another,
text: tossing the useless sets aside.
text: The Third Hunter could just press the release button, but
text: decides to shoot it instead. Blows the entire switch
text: assembly off the wall.
text: THE RIG DOESN’T MOVE.
text: So the Third Hunter walks over under the truck and starts
text: firing randomly into the sub-floor mechanics of the lift
text: itself. He finally hits some vital part, not anticipating
dialog: the outcome -—
text: WITH A HYDRAULIC WHOOSH THE BIG RIG DROPS STRAIGHT DOWN.
text: Judy SCREAMING in freefall.
text: WHAM! - THE RIG LANDS, CRUSHING the THIRD HUNTER UNDERNEATH.
text: The other two hunters find this mishap hilarious, LAUGH
text: UPROARIOUSLY. A strange interlude. Judy desperately fishing
text: around on the floor.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What are you doing?!
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: I dropped the keys!
text: David bends to help. Something hits the windshield like a
text: sledgehammer.
dialog: 93.
text: THE FIRST HUNTER STANDS ON THE FRONT BUMPER, BEATING ON THE
text: WINDSHIELD WITH A TEN POUND STEEL WRENCH.
text: Devastating blows. Each impact WHITENS THE GLASS, sending
text: pebbled fragments flying back at David’s and Judy's faces.
text: Judy trying whatever keys she can find.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: None of them work!
text: WHAM! More pebbled fragments flying back at them. Judy,
text: ducking it, fishes around on the floor for more keys. Finds
text: another set. Tries them. No good.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hurry!
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: I can't find them!
text: Fishes around under the seat. Finds another set. Jams them
dialog: in the ignition and
text: THE DASH LIGHTS ILLUMINATE AS THE DIESEL ENGINE ROARS TO
speaker_heading: LIFE.
text: David lets out a howl.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: YEEEAH!
text: Throws the rig into gear and with the AIRHORN BLARING -
scene_heading: EXT. QUIK PHIL'S TRUCKSTOP - NIGHT
text: COMES CRASHING OUT through the garage door. The rig tears
text: off across the parking lot with the redneck hunters
text: staggering after it on foot.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK CAB - MOMENTS LATER
text: Speeding down the highway. Pulses pounding. Judy unfolds a
text: map from the glovebox.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: The smallest straightest road to
dialog: Wichita.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Perfect.
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY LANE - NIGHT
text: The truck races down a country lane, a big moonlit dust cloud
text: rising in its wake.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK CAB - CONTINUOUS
text: Judy fiddles with the MILITARY RADIO, picks up a STATICKY
speaker_heading: SIGNAL.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: What was that?
text: She fiddles some more. Snippets of MILITARY COMMUNICATIONS
text: becoming audible through the STATIC:
speaker_heading: MILITARY COM
dialog: ...Fifty-nine...
speaker_heading: (STATIC)
dialog: ...fifty-five...fifty-four...
speaker_heading: (STATIC)
dialog: ...fifty-one...fifty...
text: Judy and David turn slowly to look at one another. Haunted
dialog: by the same question.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: What happens at zero?
text: David floors the gas pedal.
speaker_heading: MILITARY COM
dialog: ...forty-five...forty-four...
speaker_heading: (STATIC)
dialog: ...forty-two...
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY LANE - CONTINUOUS
text: The truck barrels toward us down the quiet country road.
speaker_heading: MILITARY COM (V.O.)
dialog: ...-thirty-six...thirty-five...
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK CAB - CONTINUOUS
text: David and Judy race on, rigid with fear. The dark
text: countryside shooting past the windows.
speaker_heading: MILITARY COM
dialog: ..-thirty...twenty-nine...twenty-
dialog: eight...
text: Judy scrambles into the sleeper compartment, watching out the
text: back window.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: MILITARY COM
dialog: ...twenty...nineteen...eighteen...
dialog: seventeen...sixteen...
text: JUDY'S POV - The road receding toward the black horizon.
speaker_heading: JUDY
speaker_heading: FASTER!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (pedal to floor)
dialog: That's everything!
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY LANE - CONTINUOUS
text: The WILD WHITE EYES of frightened horses jumping back from a
text: roadside fence as the truck flies past.
speaker_heading: MILITARY COM (V.O.)
dialog: ...twelve...eleven...
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK CAB - CONTINUOUS
text: David's white-knuckled grip on the wheel. Judy's face
text: pressed against the back window. That ominous STATIC-LACED
speaker_heading: VOICE on the radio:
speaker_heading: MILITARY COM
dialog: ...ten...nine...eight...
text: The road flying toward us out of darkness.
speaker_heading: MILITARY COM
dialog: ...five...
text: David's face.
speaker_heading: MILITARY COM
dialog: ..-four...
text: Judy’s face.
speaker_heading: MILITARY COM
dialog: ...three...
text: Judy reaching over, gripping David's shoulder.
speaker_heading: MILITARY COM
dialog: «+.two...
text: David gripping her hand.
speaker_heading: MILITARY COM
dialog: ...one...
dialog: 96.
text: Zero. Judy staring out. David craning his neck.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Anything?
text: Judy silent, waiting, staring.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Anything?!
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Nothing?
text: Just the black horizon. Judy, baffled, meets eyes with David
text: in the rear view mirror.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Nothing.
text: And then it hits.
text: THE BLINDING WHITE DETONATION OF A NUCLEAR WARHEAD RIPS A
text: HOLE IN THE NIGHT SKY.
text: Searing white light fills the cab. Judy watching the blast
text: through her fingers.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Oh my God...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?!
text: David, bone-chilled, looks out his side window, sees —
text: A LUMINOUS SHOCKWAVE RACING ACROSS THE PRAIRIE BEHIND THEM,
text: sweeping over eerily backlit barns and houses.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: GET DOWN!
scene_heading: EXT. TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: The shockwave wallops the truck like a punch from God,
text: pitching it forward on the front axle.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK CAB - CONTINUOUS
text: Through the windshield we see the shockwave go shooting past
text: us down the highway, Mach One, its vacuum sucking out the
text: rig's side windows - BOOSH!
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: The truck falls back onto its rear wheels, SNAPPING THE REAR
speaker_heading: AXLE.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK CAB - CONTINUOUS
text: David wrestles the rig under control, steers it onto the
text: shoulder, the axle GRINDING ON PAVEMENT. The initial
text: blinding burst dims to an EERIE CRIMSON HALFLIGHT and we see
text: the aftermath, a NETHERWORLD of fire and smoke and swirling
dialog: ashes:
text: A mile-wide CORNFIELD engulfed in flames. The POSTS OF A
text: WOODEN FENCE like a row of torches. A hellish BLACK-ORANGE
text: MUSHROOM CLOUD rising up from the prairie beyond.
text: David and Judy stare in speechless horror. STATIC crackling
text: on the military radio like the countdown never happened.
scene_heading: EXT. KANSAS FIELD - DAYBREAK
text: David and Judy trudge through waist-high grass. Sun
text: pinkening the sky in the east. Wichita on the near horizon.
text: Looks of hope.
scene_heading: EXT. WICHITA, KANSAS - DAY
text: People. Traffic. Life as normal. David and Judy walk up a
text: commercial street in the trucker hats and sunglasses they
dialog: took from Quik Phil’s.
scene_heading: EXT. DINER - DAY
text: Greasy spoon. Full of PATRONS. David sits at the counter in
text: his trucker hat and sunglasses. Quiet. Inconspicuous. Judy
text: is on the pay phone in the back. She hangs up, comes over
text: and sits on the stool beside David.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: My parents are coming to get us.
text: David holds his reply as the waitress steps up, pen poised to
dialog: take their order.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: What'1ll it be?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Couple waters.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: That it?
dialog: 98.
text: He nods, catches her hand as she turns.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Bottled.
text: She nods okay. On a tv above the counter, regular
text: programming is interrupted by a SPECIAL NEWS UPDATE. Patrons
text: look up from their meals with the concern one feels for a
dialog: neighboring community.
speaker_heading: NEWS UPDATE
dialog: Casualties continue to mount
dialog: following a devastating explosion
text: at a chemical plant in rural
dialog: Kansas. Ogden Marsh, a farming
dialog: community of some four hundred
dialog: families, is believed to have been
text: leveled in the blast. Authorities
dialog: continue to search for survivors,
dialog: but hold out little hope. More as
text: this tragic story unfolds...
text: The official version of events. David watches in disgust.
text: Judy in disbelief, stating the obvious:
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: That’s not what happened.
text: The waitress brings the waters and the check. As David
text: reaches for the bottles, he pauses, noticing something.
text: There, on the check, by the waitress's smiley-face
dialog: signature...
speaker_heading: A BLACK SPOT
text: Strange. Like ink from a broken pen. He lifts his
text: sunglasses and the spot turns it's natural color:
speaker_heading: RED
text: Disbelief. He touches his fingers to his nose. They come
text: back dripping. Judy sees the blood. Her look of horror is
dialog: our final image.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
