dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE GODFATHER
dialog: _____________
dialog: Screenplay
dialog: by
speaker_heading: MARIO PUZO
dialog: and
speaker_heading: FRANCIS FORD COPPOLA
scene_heading: THIRD DRAFT				PARAMOUNT PICTURES
dialog: 1 Gulf and Western Plaza
dialog: March 29, 1971				New York, New York 10019
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S OFFICE (SUMMER 1945)
text: The PARAMOUNT Logo is presented austerely over a black
text: background. There is a moment's hesitation, and then the
text: simple words in white lettering:
speaker_heading: THE GODFATHER
dialog: While this remains, we hear: "I believe in America."
text: Suddenly we are watching in CLOSE VIEW, AMERIGO BONASERA, a
text: man of sixty, dressed in a black suit, on the verge of great
dialog: emotion.
speaker_heading: BONASERA
dialog: America has made my fortune.
text: As he speaks, THE VIEW imperceptibly begins to loosen.
speaker_heading: BONASERA
dialog: I raised my daughter in the American
dialog: fashion; I gave her freedom, but
dialog: taught her never to dishonor her
dialog: family. She found a boy friend,
dialog: not an Italian. She went to the
dialog: movies with him, stayed out late.
dialog: Two months ago he took her for a
text: drive, with another boy friend.
dialog: They made her drink whiskey and
dialog: then they tried to take advantage
dialog: of her. She resisted; she kept her
dialog: honor. So they beat her like an
dialog: animal. When I went to the hospital
dialog: her nose was broken, her jaw was
text: shattered and held together by
dialog: wire, and she could not even weep
dialog: because of the pain.
text: He can barely speak; he is weeping now.
speaker_heading: BONASERA
dialog: I went to the Police like a good
dialog: American. These two boys were
dialog: arrested and brought to trial. The
dialog: judge sentenced them to three years
dialog: in prison, and suspended the
dialog: sentence. Suspended sentence!
dialog: They went free that very day. I
text: stood in the courtroom like a fool,
dialog: and those bastards, they smiled at
dialog: me. Then I said to my wife, for
dialog: Justice, we must go to The Godfather.
text: By now, THE VIEW is full, and we see Don Corleone's office
dialog: in his home.
text: The blinds are closed, and so the room is dark, and with
text: patterned shadows. We are watching BONASERA over the
text: shoulder of DON CORLEONE. TOM HAGEN sits near a small
text: table, examining some paperwork, and SONNY CORLEONE stands
text: impatiently by the window nearest his father, sipping from a
dialog: glass of wine. We can HEAR music, and the laughter and
text: voices of many people outside.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Bonasera, we know each other for
dialog: years, but this is the first time
dialog: you come to me for help. I don't
dialog: remember the last time you invited
dialog: me to your house for coffee...even
dialog: though our wives are friends.
speaker_heading: BONASERA
dialog: What do you want of me? I'll give
dialog: you anything you want, but do what
dialog: I ask!
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: And what is that Bonasera?
text: BONASERA whispers into the DON's ear.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: No. You ask for too much.
speaker_heading: BONASERA
dialog: I ask for Justice.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: The Court gave you justice.
speaker_heading: BONASERA
dialog: An eye for an eye!
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: But your daughter is still alive.
speaker_heading: BONASERA
dialog: Then make them suffer as she
dialog: suffers. How much shall I pay you.
text: Both HAGEN and SONNY react.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: You never think to protect yourself
dialog: with real friends. You think it's
dialog: enough to be an American. All
dialog: right, the Police protects you,
dialog: there are Courts of Law, so you
dialog: don't need a friend like me.
dialog: But now you come to me and say Don
dialog: Corleone, you must give me justice.
dialog: And you don't ask in respect or
dialog: friendship. And you don't think to
dialog: call me Godfather; instead you come
dialog: to my house on the day my daughter
dialog: is to be married and you ask me to
dialog: do murder...for money.
speaker_heading: BONASERA
dialog: America has been good to me...
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Then take the justice from the
dialog: judge, the bitter with the sweet,
dialog: Bonasera. But if you come to me
dialog: with your friendship, your loyalty,
dialog: then your enemies become my enemies,
dialog: and then, believe me, they would
dialog: fear you...
text: Slowly, Bonasera bows his head and murmurs.
speaker_heading: BONASERA
dialog: Be my friend.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Good. From me you'll get Justice.
speaker_heading: BONASERA
dialog: Godfather.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Some day, and that day may never
dialog: come, I would like to call upon you
dialog: to do me a service in return.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (SUMMER 1945)
text: A HIGH ANGLE of the CORLEONE MALL in bright daylight. There
text: are at least five hundred guests filling the main courtyard
text: and gardens. There is music and laughing and dancing and
text: countless tables covered with food and wine.
text: DON CORLEONE stands at the Gate, flanked on either side by a
text: son: FREDO and SONNY, all dressed in the formal attire of
text: the wedding party. He warmly shakes the hands, squeezes the
text: hands of the friends and guests, pinches the cheeks of the
text: children, and makes them all welcome. They in turn carry
text: with them gallons of homemade wine, cartons of freshly baked
text: bread and pastries, and enormous trays of Italian delicacies.
text: The entire family poses for a family portrait: DON CORLEONE,
text: MAMA, SONNY, his wife, SANDRA, and their children, TOM HAGEN
dialog: and his wife, THERESA, and their BABY; CONSTANZIA, the
text: bride, and her bridegroom, CARLO RIZZI. As they move into
text: the pose, THE DON seems preoccupied.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Where's Michael?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: He'll be here Pop, it's still early.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Then the picture will wait for him.
text: Everyone in the group feels the uneasiness as the DON moves
text: back to the house. SONNY gives a delicious smile in the
text: direction of the Maid-of-Honor, LUCY MANCINI. She returns
text: it. Then he moves to his wife.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Sandra, watch the kids. They're
dialog: running wild.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: You watch yourself.
text: HAGEN kisses his WIFE, and follows THE DON, passing the wine
text: barrels, where a group of FOUR MEN nervously wait. TOM
text: crooks a finger at NAZORINE, who doublechecks that he is
text: next, straightens, and follows HAGEN.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL ENTRANCE (SUMMER 1945)
text: Outside the main gate of the Mall, SEVERAL MEN in suits,
text: working together with a MAN in a dark sedan, walk in and out
text: of the rows of parked cars, writing license plate numbers
text: down in their notebooks. We HEAR the music and laughter
text: coming from the party in the distance.
text: A MAN stops at a limousine and copies down the number.
text: BARZINI, dignified in a black homburg, is always under the
text: watchful eyes of TWO BODYGUARDS as he makes his way to
text: embrace DON CORLEONE in the courtyard.
text: The MEN walk down another row of parked cars. Put another
text: number in the notebook. A shiney new Cadillac with wooden
dialog: bumpers.
text: PETER CLEMENZA, dancing the Tarantella joyously, bumping
text: bellies with the ladies.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Paulie...wine...WINE.
text: He mops his sweating forehead with a big handkerchief.
text: PAULIE hustles, gets a glass of icy black wine, and brings
dialog: it to him.
speaker_heading: PAULIE
dialog: You look terrif on the floor!
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: What are you, a dance judge? Go do
dialog: your job; take a walk around the
dialog: neighborhood... see everything is
dialog: okay.
text: PAULIE nods and leaves; CLEMENZA takes a breath, and leaps
text: back into the dance.
text: The MEN walk down another row of parked cars. Put another
text: number in the notebook.
text: TESSIO, a tall, gentle-looking man, dances with a NINE-YEAR-
text: OLD GIRL, her little black party shoes planted on his
text: enormous brown shoes.
text: The MEN move on to other parked cars, when SONNY storms out
text: of the gate, his face flushed with anger, followed by
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA and PAULIE.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Buddy, this is a private party.
text: The MAN doesn't answer, but points to the DRIVER of the
text: sedan. SONNY menacingly thrusts his reddened face at him.
text: The DRIVER merely flips open his wallet to a greed card,
text: without saying a word. SONNY steps back, spits on the
text: ground, turns, and walks away, followed by CLEMENZA, PAULIE,
text: and another TWO MEN. He doesn't say a thing for most of the
text: walk back into the courtyard, and then, muttered to PAULIE.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Goddamn FBI...don't respect nothing.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S OFFICE (SUMMER 1945)
text: DON CORLEONE sits quietly behind his massive desk in the
dialog: dark study.
speaker_heading: NAZORINE
dialog: ...a fine boy from Sicily, captured
dialog: by the American Army, and sent to
dialog: New Jersey as a prisoner of war...
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Nazorine, my friend, tell me what I
dialog: can do.
speaker_heading: NAZORINE
dialog: Now that the war is over, Enzo,
dialog: this boy is being repatriated to
dialog: Italy. And you see, Godfather...
text: (he wrings his hands,
dialog: unable to express himself)
dialog: He...my daughter...they...
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: You want him to stay in this country.
speaker_heading: NAZORINE
dialog: Godfather, you understand everything.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Tom, what we need is an Act of
dialog: Congress to allow Enzo to become a
dialog: citizen.
speaker_heading: NAZORINE
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: An Act of Congress!
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: It will cost.
dialog: The DON shrugs; such are the way with those things; NAZORINE
dialog: nods.
speaker_heading: NAZORINE
dialog: Is that all? Godfather, thank
dialog: you...
dialog: (backing out, enthusiastically)
dialog: Oh, wait till you see the cake I
dialog: made for your beautiful daughter!
text: NAZORINE backs out, all smiles, and nods to the GODFATHER.
text: DON CORLEONE rises and moves to the Venetian blinds.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Who do I give this job to?
text: The DON moves to the windows, peeking out through the blinds.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Not to one of our paisans...give it
dialog: to a Jew Congressman in another
dialog: district. Who else is on the list
dialog: for today?
text: The DON is peeking out to the MEN around the barrel, waiting
dialog: to see him.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Francesco Nippi. His nephew has
dialog: been refused parole. A bad case.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (SUMMER 1945)
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES:
text: NIPPI waits nervously by the barrel.
speaker_heading: HAGEN (O.S.)
dialog: His father worked with you in the
dialog: freight yards when you were young.
text: LUCA BRASI sitting alone, grotesque and quiet.
speaker_heading: HAGEN (O.S.)
dialog: He's not on the list, but Luca
dialog: Brasi wants to see you.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S OFFICE (SUMMER 1945)
text: The DON turns to HAGEN.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Is it necessary?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: You understand him better than
dialog: anyone.
text: The DON nods to this. Turns back to the blinds and peeks out.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (SUMMER 1945)
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES:
text: MICHAEL CORLEONE, dressed in the uniform of a Marine Captain,
text: leads KAY ADAMS through the wedding crowd, occasionally
text: stopped and greeted by FRIENDS of the family.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S OFFICE (SUMMER 1945)
text: The DON, inside the office, peering through the blinds,
dialog: following them.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (SUMMER 1945)
text: MICHAEL moves through the crowd, embraces MAMA and introduces
text: her to his GIRL.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: OFFICE WINDOW (SUMMER 1945)
text: The DON's eyes peering through the blinds.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL TABLES (SUMMER 1945)
text: KAY and MICHAEL settle by a table on the edge of the wedding,
text: burdened down with plates of food and glasses and wine. She
text: is exhilarated by the enormity of the affair, the music and
dialog: the vitality.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I've never seen anything like it.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I told you I had a lot of relatives.
text: KAY looking about, a young and lively thing in a gift shop.
dialog: We see what she sees:
text: Her interest is caught by THREE MEN standing by the wine
dialog: barrels.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Michael, what are those men doing?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: They're waiting to see my father.
speaker_heading: KAY
text: They're talking to themselves.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: They're going to talk to my father,
dialog: which means they're going to ask
dialog: him for something, which means they
dialog: better get it right.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Why do they bother him on a day
dialog: like this?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Because they know that no Sicilian
dialog: will refuse a request on his
dialog: daughter's wedding day.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: WEDDING PARTY (SUMMER 1945)
text: CONNIE CORLEONE, the Bride, is pressing the bodice of her
text: overly-fluffy white gown against the groom, CARLO RIZZI. He
text: is bronzed, with curly blondish hair and lovely dimples.
text: She absolutely adores him and can barely take her eyes from
dialog: him long enough to thank the various GUESTS for the white
text: envelopes they are putting into the large white purse she
dialog: holds. In fact, if we watch carefully, we can see that one
text: of her hands is slid under his jacket, and into his shirt,
text: where she is provocatively rubbing the hair on his chest.
text: CARLO, on the other hand, has his blue eyes trained on the
text: bulging envelopes, and is trying to guess how much cash the
dialog: things hold.
text: Discreetly, he moves her hand off of his skin.
speaker_heading: CARLO
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: Cut it out, Connie.
text: The purse, looped by a ribbon of silk around CONNIE's arm,
dialog: is fat with money.
speaker_heading: PAULIE (O.S.)
dialog: What do you think? Twenty grand?
text: A little distance away, a young man, PAULIE GATTO, catches a
text: prosciutto sandwich thrown by a friend, without once taking
text: eyes from the purse.
speaker_heading: PAULIE
dialog: Who knows? Maybe more. Twenty,
dialog: thirty grand in small bills cash in
dialog: that silk purse. Holy Toledo, if
dialog: this was somebody else's wedding!
text: SONNY is sitting at the Wedding Dias, talking to LUCY
dialog: MANCINI, the Maid of Honor. Every once in a while he
text: glances across the courtyard, where his WIFE is talking with
speaker_heading: some WOMEN.
text: He bends over and whispers something into LUCY's ear.
text: SANDRA and the WOMEN are in the middle of a big, ribald laugh.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Is it true what they say about your
dialog: husband, Sandra?
text: SANDRA's hands separate with expanding width further and
text: further apart until she bursts into a peal of laughter.
text: Through her separated hands she sees the Wedding Dais.
text: SONNY and LUCY are gone.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S HALL &amp; STAIRS (SUMMER 1945)
text: The empty hallway. The bathroom door opens and LUCY
text: surreptitiously steps out.
text: She looks up where SONNY is standing on the second landing,
text: motioning for her to come up.
text: She lifts her petticoats off the ground and hurries upstairs.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL TABLES (SUMMER 1945)
text: KAY and MICHAEL.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (in a spooky low tone)
dialog: Michael, that scarey guy...Is he a
dialog: relative?
text: She has picked out LUCA BRASI.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No. His name is Luca Brasi. You
dialog: wouldn't like him.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (Excited)
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (Sizing her up)
dialog: You really want to know?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Yes. Tell me.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You like spaghetti?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You know I love spaghetti.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Then eat your spaghetti and I'll
dialog: tell you a Luca Brasi story.
text: She starts to eat her spaghetti.
text: She begins eating, looking at him eagerly.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Once upon a time, about fifteen
dialog: years ago some people wanted to
dialog: take over my father's olive oil
dialog: business. They had Al Capone send
dialog: some men in from Chicago to kill my
dialog: father, and they almost did.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Al Capone!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: My Father sent Luca Brasi after
text: them. He tied the two Capone men
text: hand and foot, and stuffed small
text: bath towels into their mouths.
dialog: Then he took an ax, and chopped one
text: man's feet off...
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Michael...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: Then the legs at the knees...
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Michael you're trying to scare me...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Then the thighs where they joined
dialog: the torso.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Michael, I don't want to hear
dialog: anymore...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Then Luca turned to the other man...
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Michael, I love you.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: ...who out of sheer terror had
dialog: swallowed the bath towel in his
text: mouth and suffocated.
text: The smile on his face seems to indicate that he is telling a
dialog: tall story.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I never know when you're telling me
dialog: the truth.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I told you you wouldn't like him.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: He's coming over here!
text: LUCA comes toward them to meet TOM HAGEN halfway, just near
dialog: their table.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Tom...Tom, I'd like you to meet Kay
dialog: Adams.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (having survived LUCA)
dialog: How do you do.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: My brother, Tom Hagen.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Hello Kay. Your father's inside,
dialog: doing some business.
dialog: (privately)
dialog: He's been asking for you.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Thanks Tom.
text: HAGEN smiles and moves back to the house, LUCA ominously
dialog: following.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: If he's your brother, why does he
dialog: have a different name?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: My brother Sonny found him living
dialog: in the streets when he was a kid,
dialog: so my father took him in. He's a
dialog: good lawyer.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S OFFICE (SUMMER 1945)
text: DON CORLEONE at the window. He has seen the intimacy of the
speaker_heading: YOUNG COUPLE.
speaker_heading: LUCA (O.S.)
dialog: Don Corleone...
text: THE DON turns to the stiffly formal LUCA, and he moves
text: forward to kiss his hand. He takes the envelope from his
text: jacket, holds it out, but does not release it until he makes
dialog: a formal speech.
speaker_heading: LUCA
dialog: (with difficulty)
dialog: Don Corleone...I am honored, and
dialog: grateful...that you invited me to
dialog: your home...on the wedding day of
dialog: your...daughter.
dialog: May their first child...be a
dialog: masculine child. I pledge my never
dialog: ending loyalty.
dialog: (he offers the envelope)
dialog: For your daughter's bridal purse.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Thank you, Luca, my most valued
dialog: friend.
text: THE DON takes it, and then LUCA's hand, which he squeezes so
dialog: tightly we might imagine it to be painful.
speaker_heading: LUCA
dialog: Let me leave you, Don Corleone. I
dialog: know you are busy.
text: He turns, almost an about-face, and leaves the study with
text: the same formality he entered with. DON CORLEONE breathes
text: more easily, and gives the thick envelope to HAGEN.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: I'm sure it's the most generous
dialog: gift today.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: The Senator called--apologized for
dialog: not coming personally, but said
dialog: you'd understand. Also, some of
dialog: the Judges...they've all sent gifts.
dialog: And another call from Virgil
dialog: Sollozzo.
text: DON CORLEONE is not pleased.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: The action is narcotics. Sollozzo
dialog: has contacts in Turkey for the
dialog: poppy, in Sicily for the plants to
dialog: process down to morphine or up to
dialog: heroin. Also he has access to this
dialog: country. He's coming to us for
dialog: financial help, and some sort of
dialog: immunity from the law. For that we
dialog: get a piece of the action, I
dialog: couldn't find out how much.
dialog: Sollozzo is vouched for by the
dialog: Tattaglia family, and they may have
dialog: a piece of the action. They call
dialog: Sollozzo the Turk.
dialog: He's spent a lot of time in Turkey
dialog: and is suppose to have a Turkish
dialog: wife and kids. He's suppose to be
dialog: very quick with the knife, or was,
dialog: when he was younger. Only in
dialog: matters of business and with some
dialog: reasonable complaint. Also he has
dialog: an American wife and three children
dialog: and he is a good family man.
dialog: THE DON nods.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: He's his own boss, and very
dialog: competent.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: And with prison record.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Two terms; one in Italy, one in the
dialog: United States. He's known to the
dialog: Government as a top narcotics man.
dialog: That could be a plus for us; he
dialog: could never get immunity to testify.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: When did he call?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: This morning.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: On a day like this. Consiglero, do
dialog: you also have in your notes the the
dialog: Turk made his living from
dialog: Prostitution before the war, like
dialog: the Tattaglias do now. Write that
dialog: down before you forget it. The
dialog: Turk will wait.
text: We now begin to hear a song coming over the loud-speakers
text: from outside. In Italian, with unmistakable style.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: What that? It sounds like Johnny.
text: He moves to the window, pulls the blinds up, flooding the
dialog: room with light.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: It is Johnny. He came all the way
dialog: from California to be at the wedding.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Should I bring him in.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: No. Let the people enjoy him. You
dialog: see? He is a good godson.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: It's been two years. He's probably
dialog: in trouble again.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (SUMMER 1945)
text: JOHNNY FONTANE on the bandstand, singing to the delight and
text: excitement of the wedding GUESTS.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I didn't know your family knew
dialog: Johnny Fontane.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I used to come down to New York
dialog: whenever he sang at the Capitol and
dialog: scream my head off.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: He's my father's godson; he owes
dialog: him his whole career.
text: JOHNNY finishes the song and the CROWD screams with delight.
text: They call out for another when DON CORLEONE appears.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: My Godson has come three thousand
dialog: miles to do us honor and no one
text: thinks to wet his throat.
text: At once a dozen wine glasses are offered to JOHNNY, who
text: takes a sip from each as he moves to embrace his GODFATHER.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I kept trying to call you after my
dialog: divorce and Tom always said you
dialog: were busy. When I got the Wedding
dialog: invitation I knew you weren't sore
dialog: at me anymore, Godfather.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Can I do something for you still?
dialog: You're not too rich, or too famous
dialog: that I can't help you?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I'm not rich anymore, Godfather,
dialog: and...my career, I'm almost washed
dialog: up...
text: He's very disturbed. The GODFATHER indicates that he come
text: with him to the office so no one will notice. He turns to
speaker_heading: HAGEN.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Tell Santino to come in with us.
dialog: He should hear some things.
text: They go, leaving HAGEN scanning the party looking for SONNY.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S OFFICE (SUMMER 1945)
text: HAGEN glances up the staircase.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Sonny?
text: Then he goes up.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S UPSTAIRS ROOM (SUMMER 1945)
text: SONNY and LUCY are in a room upstairs; he has lifted her
text: gown's skirts almost over her head, and has her standing
text: against the door. Her face peeks out from the layers of
text: petticoats around it like a flower in ecstasy.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Sonnyeeeeeeee.
text: Her head bouncing against the door with the rhythm of his
text: body. But there is a knocking as well. They stop, freeze
dialog: in that position.
speaker_heading: HAGEN (O.S.)
dialog: Sonny? Sonny, you in there?
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S UPSTAIRS HALLWAY (SUMMER 1945)
text: Outside, HAGEN by the door.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: The old man wants you; Johnny's
dialog: here...he's got a problem.
speaker_heading: SONNY (O.S.)
dialog: Okay. One minute.
text: HAGEN hesitates. We HEAR LUCY's head bouncing against the
text: door again. TOM leaves.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S OFFICE (SUMMER 1945)
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: ACT LIKE A MAN! By Christ in
dialog: Heaven, is it possible you turned
dialog: out no better than a Hollywood
dialog: finocchio.
text: Both HAGEN and JOHNNY cannot refrain from laughing. The DON
text: smiles. SONNY enters as noiselessly as possible, still
text: adjusting his clothes.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: All right, Hollywood...Now tell me
dialog: about this Hollywood Pezzonovanta
dialog: who won't let you work.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: He owns the studio. Just a month
dialog: ago he bought the movie rights to
dialog: this book, a best seller. And the
dialog: main character is a guy just like
dialog: me. I wouldn't even have to act,
dialog: just be myself.
text: The DON is silent, stern.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: You take care of your family?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Sure.
text: He glances at SONNY, who makes himself as inconspicuous as
dialog: he can.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: You look terrible. I want you to
dialog: eat well, to rest. And spend time
dialog: with your family. And then, at the
dialog: end of the month, this big shot
dialog: will give you the part you want.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: It's too late. All the contracts
dialog: have been signed, they're almost
dialog: ready to shoot.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: I'll make him an offer he can't
dialog: refuse.
text: He takes JOHNNY to the door, pinching his cheek hard enough
dialog: to hurt.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Now go back to the party and leave
dialog: it to me.
text: He closes the door, smiling to himself. Turns to HAGEN.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: When does my daughter leave with
dialog: her bridegroom?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: They'll cut the cake in a few
dialog: minutes...leave right after that.
dialog: Your new son-in-law, do we give him
dialog: something important?
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: No, give him a living. But never
dialog: let him know the family's business.
dialog: What else, Tom?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I've called the hospital; they've
dialog: notified Consiglere Genco's family
dialog: to come and wait. He won't last
dialog: out the night.
text: This saddens the DON. He sighs.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Genco will wait for me. Santino,
dialog: tell your brothers they will come
dialog: with me to the hospital to see
dialog: Genco. Tell Fredo to drive the big
dialog: car, and ask Johnny to come with us.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: And Michael?
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: All my sons.
dialog: (to HAGEN)
dialog: Tom, I want you to go to California
dialog: tonight. Make the arrangements.
dialog: But don't leave until I come back
dialog: from the hospital and speak to you.
dialog: Understood?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Understood.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (SUMMER 1945)
text: Now all the wedding GUESTS excitedly clap their hands over
text: the entrance of the cake: NAZORINE is beaming as he wheels
text: in a serving table containing the biggest, gaudiest, most
dialog: extravagant wedding cake ever baked, an incredible monument
text: of his gratitude. The CROWD is favorably impressed: they
text: begin to clink their knives or forks against their glasses,
dialog: in the traditional request for the Bride to cut the cake and
text: kiss the Groom. Louder and louder, five hundred forks
dialog: hitting five hundred glasses.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (SUMMER 1945)
dialog: Silence.
text: HIGH ANGLE ON THE MALL, late day. The GUESTS are gone. A
text: single black car is in the courtyard. FREDDIE is behind the
text: driver's seat: the DON enters the car, looks at MICHAEL, who
text: sits between SONNY and JOHNNY in the rear seat.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Will your girl friend get back to
dialog: the city all right?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Tom said he'd take care of it.
text: The DON pulls the door shut; and the car pulls out, through
text: the gate of the great Corleone Mall.
scene_heading: INT DAY: HOSPITAL CORRIDOR (SUMMER 1945)
dialog: A long white hospital corridor, at the end of which we can
text: see a grouping of FIVE WOMEN, some old and some young, but
text: all plump and dressed in black.
text: DON CORLEONE and his SONS move toward the end. But then the
text: DON slows, putting his hand on MICHAEL's shoulder. MICHAEL
text: stops and turns toward his FATHER. The two looks at one
text: another for some time. SILENCE. DON CORLEONE then lifts
text: his hand, and slowly touches a particular medal on MICHAEL's
dialog: uniform.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: What was this for?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: For bravery.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: And this?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: For killing a man.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: What miracles you do for strangers.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I fought for my country. It was my
dialog: choice.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: And now, what do you choose to do?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'm going to finish school.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Good. When you are finished, come
dialog: and talk to me. I have hopes for
dialog: you.
text: Again they regard each other without a word. MICHAEL turns,
text: and continues on. DON CORLEONE watches a moment, and then
dialog: follows.
speaker_heading: INT DAY: HOSPITAL ROOM (SUMMER 1945)
text: DON CORLEONE enters the hospital room, moving closest to OUR
text: VIEW. He is followed by his SONS, JOHNNY and the WOMEN.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: Genco, I've brought my sons to pay
dialog: their respects. And look, even
dialog: Johnny Fontane, all the way from
dialog: Hollywood.
text: GENCO is a tiny, wasted skeleton of a man. DON CORLEONE
text: takes his bony hand, as the others arrange themselves around
text: his bed, each clasping the other hand in turn.
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: Godfather, Godfather, it's your
dialog: daughter's wedding day, you cannot
dialog: refuse me. Cure me, you have the
dialog: power.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: I have no such power...but Genco,
dialog: don't fear death.
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: (with a sly wink)
dialog: It's been arranged, then?
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: You blaspheme. Resign yourself.
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: You need your old Consigliere. Who
dialog: will replace me?
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Stay with me Godfather. Help me
dialog: meet death. If he sees you, he
dialog: will be frightened and leave me in
dialog: peace. You can say a word, pull a
dialog: few strings, eh? We'll outwit that
dialog: bastard as we outwitted all those
dialog: others.
dialog: (clutching his hand)
dialog: Godfather, don't betray me.
text: The DON motions all the others to leave the room. They do.
text: He returns his attention to GENCO, holding his hand and
text: whispering things we cannot hear, as they wait for death.
speaker_heading: INT NIGHT: AIRPLANE (SUMMER 1945)
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: The interior of a non-stop Constellation. HAGEN is one of
text: the very few passengers on this late flight. He looks like
text: any young lawyer on a business trip. He is tired from the
dialog: difficult preparation and duties that he has just executed
text: during the wedding. On the seat next to him is an enormous,
text: bulging briefcase. He closes his eyes.
scene_heading: INT NIGHT: HONEYMOON HOTEL (SUMMER 1945)
text: The honeymoon hotel: CARLO and CONNIE. CARLO is in his
text: undershorts, sitting up on the bed, anxiously taking the
text: envelopes out of the silk bridal purse and counting the
text: contents. CONNIE prepares herself in the large marble
text: bathroom. She rubs her hands over his bronze shoulders, and
text: tries to get his interest.
scene_heading: INT NIGHT: DON'S OFFICE (SUMMER 1945)
text: DON CORLEONE in his office. LUCA BRASI sitting near to him.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Luca, I am worried about this man
dialog: Sollozzo. Find out what you can,
dialog: through the Tattaglias. Let them
dialog: believe you could be tempted away
dialog: from the Corleone Family, if the
dialog: right offer was made. Learn what
dialog: he has under his fingernails...
scene_heading: INT NIGHT: MANCINI APT. HALL (SUMMER 1945)
text: The hallway of an apartment building. SONNY enters, climbs
text: two steps at a time. He knocks, and then whispers.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: It's me, Sonny.
text: The door opens, and two lovely arms are around him, pulling
text: him into the apartment.
scene_heading: INT NIGHT: LUCA'S ROOM (WINTER 1945)
text: LUCA BRASI's tiny room. He is partly dressed. He kneels
text: and reaches under his bed and pulls out a small, locked
text: trunk. He opens it, and takes out a heavy, bullet-proof
text: vest. He puts it on, over his wool undershirt, and then
text: puts on his shirt and jacket. He takes his gun, quickly
text: disassembles, checks, and reassembles it. And leaves.
scene_heading: INT NIGHT: DON'S OFFICE (SUMMER 1945)
text: A CLOSE VIEW of DON CORLEONE thinking quietly.
scene_heading: INT NIGHT: MOVING TRAIN (SUMMER 1945)
text: MICHAEL and KAY on a train, speeding on their way to New
dialog: Hampshire.
speaker_heading: INT NIGHT: SUBWAY (WINTER 1945)
text: LUCA, in his bulky jacket, sitting quietly on an empty
dialog: subway train.
speaker_heading: INT NIGHT: AIRPLANE (SUMMER 1945)
text: HAGEN on the Constellation. He reaches into his briefcase,
text: and takes out several pictures and papers.
text: One photograph is of a smiling man, JACK WOLTZ, linked arm
text: in arm with fifteen movie stars on either side, including a
text: lovely young child star to his immediate right.
dialog: HAGEN considers other papers.
scene_heading: INT NIGHT: DON'S OFFICE (SUMMER 1945)
text: DON CORLEONE looks, and then moves HAGEN into an embrace.
text: He straightens his arms and looks at TOM deeply.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Remember my new Consigliere, a
dialog: lawyer with his briefcase can steal
text: more than a hundred men with guns.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: WOLTZ ESTATE GATE (SUMMER 1945)
text: JACK WOLTZ ESTATE. HAGEN stands before the impressive gate,
text: armed only with his briefcase. A GATEMAN opens the gate,
text: and TOM enters.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: WOLTZ GARDENS (SUMMER 1945)
text: HAGEN and WOLTZ comfortably stroll along beautiful formal
text: gardens, martinis in hand.
speaker_heading: WOLTZ
dialog: You should have told me your boss
dialog: was Corleone, Tom, I had to check
dialog: you out. I thought you were just
dialog: some third rate hustler Johnny was
dialog: running in to bluff me.
dialog: (a piece of statuary)
dialog: Florence, thirteenth century.
text: Decorated the garden of a king.
text: They cross the garden and head toward the stables.
speaker_heading: WOLTZ
dialog: I'm going to show you something
dialog: beautiful.
text: They pass the stables, and come to rest by a stall with a
text: huge bronze plaque attached to the outside wall: "KHARTOUM."
text: TWO SECURITY GUARDS are positioned in chairs nearby; they
text: rise as WOLTZ approaches.
speaker_heading: WOLTZ
dialog: You like horses? I like horses, I
dialog: love 'em. Beautiful, expensive
dialog: Racehorses.
text: The animal inside is truly beautiful. WOLTZ whispers to him
text: with true love in his voice.
speaker_heading: WOLTZ
dialog: Khartoum...Kartoum...You are
dialog: looking at six hundred thousand
dialog: dollars on four hoofs. I bet even
dialog: Russian Czars never paid that kind
dialog: of dough for a single horse. But
dialog: I'm not going to race him I'm going
dialog: to put him out to Stud.
scene_heading: INT NIGHT: WOLTZ DINING ROOM (SUMMER 1945)
text: HAGEN and WOLTZ sit at an enormous dining room table,
text: attended by SEVERAL SERVANTS. Great paintings hang on the
text: walls. The meal is elaborate and sumptuous.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Mr. Corleone is Johnny's Godfather.
dialog: That is very close, a very sacred
dialog: religious relationship.
speaker_heading: WOLTZ
dialog: Okay, but just tell him this is one
dialog: favor I can't give. But he should
dialog: try me again on anything else.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: He never asks a second favor when
dialog: he has been refused the first.
dialog: Understood?
speaker_heading: WOLTZ
dialog: You smooth son of a bitch, let me
dialog: lay it on the line for you, and
dialog: your boss. Johnny Fontane never
dialog: gets that movie. I don't care how
dialog: many Dago, Guinea, wop Greaseball
dialog: Goombahs come out of the woodwork!
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I'm German-Irish.
speaker_heading: WOLTZ
dialog: Okay my Kraut-Mick friend, Johnny
dialog: will never get that part because I
dialog: hate that pinko punk and I'm going
dialog: to run him out of the Movies. And
dialog: I'll tell you why. He ruined one
dialog: of Woltz Brothers' most valuable
dialog: proteges. For five years I had
dialog: this girl under training; singing
dialog: lessons! Acting lessons! Dancing
dialog: lessons! We spent hundreds of
dialog: thousands of dollars--I was going
dialog: to make her a star. I'll be even
dialog: more frank, just to show you that
dialog: I'm not a hard-hearted man, that it
dialog: wasn't all dollars and cents. That
dialog: girl was beautiful and young and
dialog: innocent and she was the greatest
dialog: piece of ass I've ever ad and I've
dialog: had them all over the world. Then
dialog: Johnny comes along with that olive
dialog: oil voice and guinea charm and she
text: runs off. She threw it all away to
dialog: make me look ridiculous. A MAN IN
text: MY POSITION CANNOT AFFORD TO BE
text: MADE TO LOOK RIDICULOUS!
scene_heading: EXT DAY: GENCO OLIVE OIL CO. (SUMMER 1945)
text: An unimposing little building in New York City on Mott
text: Street with a large old sign: "GENCO OLIVE OIL IMPORTS,
text: INC." next to an open-faced fruit market.
text: A dark Buick pulls up, and a single small man, whom we
text: cannot see well because of the distance, gets out and enters
text: the building. This is VIRGIL SOLLOZZO.
scene_heading: INT DAY: OLIVE OIL OFFICES (SUMMER 1945)
text: Looking toward the staircase we can hear SOLLOZZO's footsteps
text: before he actually rises into view. He is a small man, very
text: dark, with curly black hair. But wiry, and tight and hard,
text: and obviously very dangerous. He is greeted at the head of
text: the stairs by SONNY, who takes his hand and shakes it,
text: introducing himself. For a moment, there is a complex of
text: handshaking quite formal, and whispered respectful
text: introductions. Finally, SOLLOZZO is taken into the DON's
text: glass paneled office; the two principals are introduced.
text: They are very respectful of one another. Folding chairs are
text: brought in by FREDDIE, and soon they are all sitting around
text: in a circle; the DON, SOLLOZZO, SONNY, HAGEN, FREDDIE,
dialog: CLEMENZA and TESSIO. The DON is the slightest bit foolish
dialog: with all his compatriots, whereas SOLLOZZO has brought no
text: one. Throughout all that transpires, however, it is clear
text: that this scene is between two men: SOLLOZZO and DON CORLEONE.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: My business is heroin, I have poppy
dialog: fields, laboratories in Narseilles
dialog: and Sicily, ready to go into
dialog: production. My importing methods
dialog: are as safe as these things can be,
dialog: about five per cent loss. The risk
dialog: is nothing, the profits enormous.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Why do you come to me? Why do I
dialog: deserve your generosity?
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: I need two million dollars in
dialog: cash...more important, I need a
dialog: friend who has people in high
dialog: places; a friend who can guarantee
dialog: that if one of my employees be
dialog: arrested, they would get only light
dialog: sentences. Be my friend.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: What percentages for my family?
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: Thirty per cent. In the first year
dialog: your share would be four million
dialog: dollars; then it would go up.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: And what is the percentage of the
dialog: Tattaglia family?
text: SOLLOZZO nods toward HAGEN.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: My compliments. I'll take care of
dialog: them from my share.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: So. I receive 30 per cent just for
dialog: finance and legal protection. No
dialog: worries about operations, is that
dialog: what you tell me?
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: If you think two million dollars in
dialog: cash is just finance, I congratulate
dialog: you Don Corleone.
text: There is a long silence; in which each person present feels
text: the tension. The DON is about to give his answer.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: I said I would see you because I've
dialog: heard you're a serious man, to be
dialog: treated with respect...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: But I'll say no to you.
dialog: We feel this around the room.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: I'll give you my reasons. I have
dialog: many, many friends in Politics.
dialog: But they wouldn't be so friendly if
dialog: my business was narcotics instead
dialog: of gambling. They think gambling
dialog: is something like liquor, a harmless
dialog: vice...and they think narcotics is
dialog: dirty business.
text: SOLLOZZO takes a breath.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: No...how a man makes his living is
dialog: none of my business. But this
dialog: proposition of yours is too risky.
dialog: All the people in my family lived
dialog: well the last ten years, I won't
dialog: risk that out of greed.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: Are you worried about security for
dialog: your million?
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: The Tattaglias will guarantee your
dialog: investment also.
text: This startles SONNY; he blurts out.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: The Tattaglia family guarantees our
dialog: investment?
text: SOLLOZZO hears him first, and then very slowly turns to face
text: him. Everyone is the room knows that SONNY has stepped out
dialog: of line.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Young people are greedy, and they
dialog: have no manners. They speak when
dialog: they should listen. But I have a
dialog: sentimental weakness for my
dialog: children, and I've spoiled them, as
dialog: you see. But Signor Sollozzo, my
dialog: no is final.
text: SOLLOZZO nods, understands that this is the dismissal. He
text: glances one last time at SONNY. He rises; all the others do
text: as well. He bows to the DON, shakes his hand, and formally
text: takes his leave. When the footsteps can no longer be heard:
text: The DON turns to SONNY.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Santino, never let anyone outside
dialog: the family know what you are
dialog: thinking. I think your brain is
dialog: going soft from all that comedy you
dialog: play with that young girl.
text: TWO OFFICE WORKERS are carrying an enormous floral display
text: with the word "THANK YOU" spelled out in flowers.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: What is this nonsense?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: It's from Johnny. It was announced
dialog: this morning. He's going to play
dialog: the lead in the new Woltz Brothers
dialog: film.
scene_heading: INT DAY: WOLTZ'S BEDROOM (SUMMER 1945)
text: It is large, dominated by a huge bed, in which a man,
text: presumably WOLTZ, is sleeping. Soft light bathes the room
text: from the large windows. We move closer to him until we see
text: his face, and recognize JACK WOLTZ. He turns uncomfortably;
text: mutters, feels something strange in his bedsheets. Something
dialog: wet.
text: He wakens, feels the sheets with displeasure; they are wet.
text: He looks at his hand; the wetness is blood. He is
text: frightened, pulls aside the covers, and sees fresh blood on
text: his sheets and pajamas. He grunts, pulls the puddle of
text: blood in his bed. He feels his own body frantically,
text: moving, down, following the blood, until he is face to face
text: with the great severed head of Khartoum lying at the foot of
text: his bed. Just blood from the hacked neck. White reedy
text: tendons show. He struggles up to his elbows in the puddle
text: of blood to see more clearly. Froth covers the muzzle, and
text: the enormous eyes of the animal are yellowed and covered
dialog: with blood.
text: WOLTZ tries to scream; but cannot. No sound comes out.
text: Then, finally and suddenly an ear-splitting scream of pure
text: terror escapes from WOLTZ, who is rocking on his hands and
text: knees in an uncontrolled fit, blood all over him.
scene_heading: INT DAY: OLIVE OIL OFFICES (SUMMER 1945)
text: CLOSE VIEW on the GODFATHER. Nodding.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Send Johnny my congratulations.
scene_heading: ----------------------------------------FADE OUT--------
speaker_heading: (SCENES 12 &amp; 12 OMITTED)
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: FIFTH AVENUE (WINTER 1945)
text: Fifth Avenue in the snow. Christmas week. People are
text: bundled up with rosy faces, rushing to buy presents.
text: KAY and MICHAEL exit a Fifth Avenue department store,
text: carrying a stack of gaily wrapped gifts, arm in arm.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: We have something for your mother,
dialog: for Sonny, we have the tie for
dialog: Fredo and Tom Hagen gets the
dialog: Reynolds pen...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: And what do you want for Christmas?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Just you.
dialog: They kiss.
speaker_heading: INT DAY: HOTEL ROOM (WINTER 1945)
text: CLOSE ON a wooden radio, playing quiet Music. THE VIEW PANS
text: AROUND the dark hotel room, curtained against the daylight.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL (O.S.)
dialog: We'll have a quiet, civil ceremony
dialog: at the City Hall, no big fuss, no
dialog: family, just a couple of friends as
dialog: witnesses.
text: The two are in each other's arms in a mess of bedsheets on
text: the two single beds that they have pushed together.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: What will your father say?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: As long as I tell him beforehand he
dialog: won't object. He'll be hurt, but
dialog: he won't object.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: What time do they expect us?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: For dinner. Unless I call and tell
dialog: them we're still in New Hampshire.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Michael.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Then we can have dinner, see a
dialog: show, and spend one more night.
text: He moves to the telephone.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL (CONT'D.)
dialog: Operator. Get me
dialog: (fill in number)
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Michael, what are you doing?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Shhh, you be the long distance
dialog: operator. Here.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Hello...this is Long Distance. I
dialog: have a call from New Hampshire. Mr.
dialog: Michael Corleone. One moment please.
text: She hands the phone to MICHAEL who continues the deception.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Hello, Tom? Michael. Yeah...
dialog: listen, we haven't left yet. I'm
dialog: driving down to the city with Kay
dialog: tomorrow morning. There's something
dialog: important I want to tell the old
dialog: man before Christmas. Will he be
dialog: home tomorrow night?
scene_heading: INT DAY: OLIVE OIL OFFICE (WINTER 1945)
text: HAGEN in the Olive Oil Company office. In the background,
text: through the glass partitions, we can see the DON, at work in
text: his office. TOM is tired, and steeped in paperwork.
speaker_heading: HAGEN (O.S.)
dialog: Sure. Anything I can do for you.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL (O.S.)
dialog: No. I guess I'll see you Christmas.
dialog: Everyone's going to be out at Long
dialog: Beach, right?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Right.
text: He smiles. MICHAEL has hung up. He looks at the piles of
text: work, and can't face it. He rises, puts on his coat and
text: hat, and continues out.
text: He peeks into the DON's office.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Michael called; he's not leaving
dialog: New Hampshire until tomorrow
dialog: morning. I've got to go, I promised
dialog: Theresa I'd pick up some toys for
dialog: the kids.
text: The DON smiles and nods.
text: TOM smiles, and leaves; OUR VIEW remaining with DON CORLEONE.
text: FREDDIE is sitting on a bench in the corner, reading the
text: afternoon paper. He puts aside the papers the office
text: manager has prepared for him, and then moves to FREDDIE,
text: raps his knuckles on his head to take his nose out of the
dialog: paper.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Tell Paulie to get the car from the
dialog: lot; I'll be ready to go home in a
dialog: few minutes.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: I'll have to get it myself; Paulie
dialog: called in sick this morning.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: That's the third time this month.
dialog: I think maybe you'd better get a
dialog: healthier bodyguard for me. Tell
dialog: Tom.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: (going)
dialog: Paulie's a good kid. If he's sick,
dialog: he's sick. I don't mind getting
dialog: the car.
text: FREDDIE leaves. He slowly puts on his jacket. Looks out
dialog: his window.
scene_heading: EXT DUSK: OLIVE OIL CO. (WINTER 1945)
text: FREDDIE crosses the street.
scene_heading: INT DUSK: OLIVE OIL OFFICE (WINTER 1945)
speaker_heading: OFFICE MANAGER
dialog: Buon Watale, Don Corleone.
text: The MANAGER helps him on with his overcoat. Once again, the
text: DON glances out his window.
text: The black car pulls up; FREDDIE driving.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Merry Christmas.
speaker_heading: (handing the MANAGER
dialog: an envelope)
text: And he starts down the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT DUSK: OLIVE OIL CO. (WINTER 1945)
text: The light outside is very cold, and beginning to fail. When
text: FREDDIE sees his FATHER coming, he moves back into the
text: driver's seat. The DON moves to the car, and is about to
text: get in when he hesitates, and turns back to the long, open
text: fruit stand near the corner.
text: The PROPRIETOR springs to serve him. The DON walks among
text: the trays and baskets, and merely points to a particular
text: piece of fruit. As he selects, the MAN gingerly picks the
text: pieces of fruit up and puts them into a paper bag. The DON
text: pays with a five dollar bill, waits for his change, and then
text: turns back to the car.
scene_heading: EXT DUSK: POLKS TOY STORE (WINTER 1945)
text: TOM HAGEN exits carrying a stack of presents, all gift
text: wrapped. He continues past the windows. As he walks,
text: someone walks right in his way. He looks up. It is SOLLOZZO.
text: He takes TOM by the arm and walks along with him.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Don't be frightened. I just want
dialog: to talk to you.
text: A car parked at the curb suddenly flings its rear door open.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: Get in; I want to talk to you.
text: HAGEN pulls his arm free. He is frightened.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I haven't got time.
text: TWO MEN suddenly appear on either side of him.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: Get in the car. If I wanted to
dialog: kill you you'd be dead already.
dialog: Trust me.
text: HAGEN, sick to his stomach, moves with his ESCORTS, leaving
text: our VIEW on the Mechanical windows gaily bobbing the story
text: of Hansel and Gretel. We HEAR the car doors shut, and the
text: car drive off.
scene_heading: EXT NIGHT: RADIO CITY - PHONE BOOTH (WINTER 1945)
text: RADIO CITY MUSIC HALL during the Christmas show. KAY and
text: MICHAEL exit; tears are still streaming down her cheeks, and
text: she sniffles, and dries her tears with Kleenex. KAY
text: nostalgically hums "The Bells of Saint Mary's," as they walk
dialog: arm in arm.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Would you like me better if I were
dialog: a nun?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Would you like me better if I were
dialog: Ingrid Bergman?
text: They have passed a little enclosed newsstand. KAY sees
text: something that terrifies her. She doesn't know what to do.
text: MICHAEL still walks, thinking about her question.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (a little voice)
dialog: Michael?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'm thinking about it.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Michael...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No, I would not like you better if
dialog: you were Ingrid Bergman.
text: She cannot answer him. Rather she pulls him by the arm,
text: back to the newsstand, and points. His face goes grave.
text: The headlines read: "VITO CORLEONE SHOT, CHIEFTAN GUNNED
dialog: DOWN."
text: MICHAEL is petrified; quickly he takes each edition, drops a
text: dollar in the tray, and hungrily reads through them. KAY
dialog: knows to remain silent.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (desperately)
text: They don't say if he's dead or alive.
scene_heading: EXT DUSK: OLIVE OIL CO. (WINTER 1945)
text: DON CORLEONE by the fruit stand; he is about to move to the
text: car, when TWO MEN step from the corner. Suddenly, the DON
text: drops the bag of fruit and darts with startling quickness
text: toward the parked car.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Fredo, Fredo!
text: The paper bag has hit the ground, and the fruit begins
text: rolling along the sidewalk, as we HEAR gunshots.
text: Five bullets catch the DON in the back; he arches in pain,
text: and continues toward the car.
text: The PROPRIETOR of the fruit stand rushes for cover, knocking
text: over an entire case of fruit.
text: The TWO GUNMEN move in quickly, anxious to finish him off.
text: Their feet careful to avoid the rolling fruit. There are
text: more GUNSHOTS.
text: FREDDIE is hysterical; he tries to get out of the car;
text: having difficulty opening the door. He rushes out, a gun
text: trembling in his hand; his mouth open. He actually drops
dialog: the gun.
text: The gun falls amid the rolling fruit.
text: The GUNMEN are panicked. They fire once more at the downed
text: DON CORLEONE. His leg and arm twitch where they are hit;
text: and pools of blood are beginning to form.
text: The GUNMEN are obviously in a state of panic and confusion;
text: they disappear around the corner as quickly as they came.
dialog: The PEOPLE about the avenue have all but disappeared:
text: rather, we catch glimpses of them, poking their heads safely
text: from around corners, inside doorways and arches, and from
text: windows. But the street itself is now empty.
text: FREDDIE is in shock; he looks at his FATHER; now great
text: puddles of blood have formed, and the DON is lifeless and
text: face down in them.
text: FREDDIE falls back on to the curb and sits there, saying
text: something we cannot understand. He begins to weep profusely.
speaker_heading: INT NIGHT: SUBWAY (WINTER 1945)
text: LUCA BRASI riding alone on a subway car, late at night. He
dialog: gets off.
text: He emerges at a subway terminal, proceeds out.
scene_heading: EXT NITE: NIGHT CLUB STREET (WINTER 1945)
text: LUCA walks down the late night street. He approaches an
text: elegant New York Nightclub, whose gaudy neon sign is still
text: winking this late at night. He waits and watches. Then the
text: sign goes out; and he proceeds into the club.
speaker_heading: INT NITE: NIGHTCLUB (WINTER 1945)
text: The main floor of the Nightclub is very large, with endless
text: glistening wooden floors. Now, at this late time, the
text: chairs have been stacked on the tables and a NEGRO JANITOR
text: is waxing them. A single HAT-CHECK GIRL is counting her
text: receipts. LUCA moves past the empty bandstand, and sits at
text: the bar. ANOTHER MAN, dark and very well-built, moves
text: behind the bar.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Luca...I'm Bruno Tattaglia.
speaker_heading: LUCA
dialog: I know.
text: LUCA looks up; and out of the shadows emerges SOLLOZZO.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: Do you know who I am?
speaker_heading: LUCA Nods.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: You've been talking to the
dialog: Tattaglias. They thought we could
dialog: do business.
text: LUCA listens.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: I need somebody strong to protect
dialog: my operation, physically. I've
dialog: heard you're not happy with your
dialog: family, you might make a switch.
speaker_heading: LUCA
dialog: If the money is good enough.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: On the first shipment, I can
dialog: guarantee you fifty thousand dollars.
text: LUCA looks at him; he had no idea the offer would be so good.
text: SOLLOZZO extends his hand, but LUCA pretends not to see it,
text: rather, he busies himself putting a cigarette in his mouth.
text: BRUNO TATTAGLIA, behind the bar, makes a cigarette lighter
text: magically appear, and holds it to LUCA's cigarette. Then,
text: he does an odd thing; he drops the lighter on the bar, and
text: puts his hand lightly on LUCA's, almost patting it.
scene_heading: INT NITE: SONNY'S LIVING ROOM (WINTER 1945)
text: The telephone in SONNY's house is ringing. He approaches
text: it, obviously fresh from a nap.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Do you recognize my voice?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I think so. Detective squad?
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Right. Don't say my name, just
dialog: listen. Somebody shot your father
dialog: outside his place fifteen minutes
dialog: ago.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Is he alive?
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: I think so, but I can't get close
dialog: enough. There's a lot of blood.
dialog: I'll try to find out more.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Find out anything you can...you got
dialog: a Grand coming.
dialog: (click)
text: SONNY cradles the phone. An incredible rage builds up in
text: him, his face actually turning red. He would like to rip
text: the phone to pieces in his bare hands. Then he controls it.
text: Quickly, he dials another number.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Theresa, let me talk to Tom. Not
dialog: yet? Have him call me as soon as
text: he gets home.
text: He hangs up.
speaker_heading: SANDRA (O.S.)
dialog: Sonny? Sonny, who is it?
dialog: (she enters the room)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: They shot the old man.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Oh God...
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Honey...don't worry. Nothing else
dialog: is going to happen.
text: There is a POUNDING on the door. A BABY starts crying.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: (really frightened)
speaker_heading: SONNY?
text: SONNY reaches into a cabinet drawer, takes out a gun, and
text: moves quickly. He opens the front door quickly. It is
text: CLEMENZA. He enters, SONNY closes the door. SANDRA goes to
dialog: look after the baby.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (excited)
dialog: You heard about your father?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
text: The word is out in the streets that
dialog: he's dead.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Where the hell was Paulie, why
dialog: wasn't he with the Don?
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Paulie's been a little sick all
dialog: winter...he was home.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: How many times did he stay home the
dialog: last couple of months?
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Maybe three, four times. I always
dialog: asked Freddie if he wanted another
dialog: bodyguard, but he said no. Things
dialog: have been so smooth the last ten
dialog: years...
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Go get Paulie, I don't care how
dialog: sick he is. Pick him up yourself,
dialog: and bring him to my father's house.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: That's all? Don't you want me to
dialog: send some people over here?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: No, just you and Paulie.
text: CLEMENZA leaves; SONNY moves to SANDRA, who sits on the
text: couch weeping quietly, comforting her BABY.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: A couple of our people will come to
dialog: stay here. Do whatever they say;
dialog: I'm going over to the main house.
dialog: If you want me, use Pop's special
dialog: phone.
text: The telephone rings again. SONNY answers it.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO (O.S.)
dialog: Santino Corleone?
text: SANDRA moves behind him, anxious to know who it is. SONNY
dialog: indicates that she be quiet.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO (O.S.)
dialog: We have Tom Hagen. In about three
dialog: hours he'll be released with our
dialog: proposition. Don't do anything
dialog: until you've heard what he has to
dialog: say. You can only cause a lot of
dialog: trouble. What's done is done.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: Don't lose that famous temper of
dialog: yours.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I'll wait.
speaker_heading: EXT NITE: MALL (WINTER 1945)
text: FULL VIEW OF THE CORLEONE MALL. It is night, but the
text: courtyard is bathed with white light from floodlights on the
text: tops of all the houses. It is very cold. We see the figure
text: of SONNY cross the Mall, and let himself into the main house.
scene_heading: INT NITE: DON'S KITCHEN (WINTER 1945)
text: SONNY walks into the empty, darkened house. Then he calls
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Ma? Ma, where are you.
text: The kitchen door swings open. He moves quickly and takes
text: her by the arm. He is deliberately calm.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Ma, I just got a call. Pop's
dialog: hurt...I don't know how bad.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Santino? Have they killed him?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (almost in tears)
dialog: We don't know yet, Ma.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: I'll get dressed. In case we can
dialog: see him...
text: She moves out of the kitchen, and continues upstairs. SONNY
text: turns the gas from the pan of peppers she was frying. He
text: takes some bread without thinking, and dips it in the oil,
text: and sloppily eats some of the peppers, as he moves into his
dialog: father's office.
scene_heading: INT NITE: DON'S OFFICE (WINTER 1945)
text: He switches the lights on in the DON's office. The massive
text: desk dominates the room. SONNY moves quickly to the
text: telephone, pulling a small chair to the side of the desk,
text: and dials a number.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Tessio...This is Santino Corleone.
dialog: I want fifty reliable men out here.
speaker_heading: TESSIO (O.S.)
dialog: I heard, Sonny...but what about
dialog: Clemenza's regime?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I don't want to use Clemenza's
dialog: people right now. Understood?
text: He hangs up. He moves quickly to a wall safe; operates the
text: dial, and removes a small notebook. He takes it back to the
text: desk, and runs over the list of numbers with his forefinger.
text: We follow the names, until the finger stops at one: LUCA
text: BRASI. SONNY dials the number. There is no answer.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Luca.
speaker_heading: INT NITE: BUILDING (WINTER 1945)
text: The interior of an abandoned building. SEVERAL MEN in suits
text: and ties sit around in the booths.
text: HAGEN sits in one: SOLLOZZO sits across from him.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: I know you're not in the muscle end
dialog: of the family--so I don't want you
dialog: to be afraid. I want you to help
dialog: the Corleones and I want you to
dialog: help me.
text: HAGEN's hands are trembling as he tries to put a cigarette
text: in his mouth. ONE of the BUTTON MEN brings a bottle of rye
text: to the table, and pours a little into a delicate, flowered
text: china cup. HAGEN sips gratefully.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: Your boss is dead...
text: HAGEN is overwhelmed: actual tears spring to his eyes.
text: SOLLOZZO pauses respectfully.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: (pushing the bottle)
dialog: Have some more. We got him outside
dialog: his office, just before I picked
dialog: you up. You have to make the peace
dialog: between me and Santino.
text: HAGEN still is focused on the grief of losing the old man.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: Sonny was hot for my deal, right?
dialog: You know it's the smart thing to
dialog: do, too. I want you to talk Sonny
dialog: into it.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (pulling himself together)
dialog: Sonny will come after you with
dialog: everything he's got.
text: SOLLOZZO rises, impatiently.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: That's going to be his first
dialog: reaction. You have to talk some
dialog: sense into him. The Tattaglia
dialog: family stands behind me with all
dialog: their people. The other New York
dialog: Families will go along with anything
dialog: that prevents a full scale war.
text: He leans close to HAGEN.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: The Don was slipping; in the old
dialog: days I could never have gotten to
dialog: him. Now he's dead, nothing can
dialog: bring him back. Talk to Sonny,
dialog: talk to the Caporegimes, Clemenza
dialog: and Tessio...it's good business.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Even Sonny won't be able to call
dialog: off Luca Brasi.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: I'll worry about Luca. You take
text: care of Sonny and the other two kids.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I'll try...It's what the Don would
dialog: want us to do.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: (lifting his hands in
dialog: an expression of harmlessness)
dialog: Good...then you can go...
dialog: (he escorts him to
dialog: the door)
dialog: I don't like violence. I'm a
dialog: businessman, and blood is a big
dialog: expense.
text: He opens the door; they step out together.
scene_heading: EXT NITE: BUILDING
text: HAGEN, SOLLOZZO exit.
text: But a car pulls up, and ONE of SOLLOZZO'S MEN rushes out.
text: He indicates with some urgency that he wants to talk to
text: SOLLOZZO in private.
text: Then SOLLOZZO moves with a grave expression. He opens the
text: door, indicating that HAGEN should be led back in.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
text: The old man is still alive. Five
text: bullets in his Sicilian hide and
text: he's still alive.
dialog: (he gives a fatalistic
dialog: shrug)
dialog: Bad luck for me, bad luck for you.
speaker_heading: EXT NITE: MALL (WINTER 1945)
text: MICHAEL driving during the night. There is a little fog in
text: the air, and moisture has formed on the windshield, making
text: it difficult to see well. The wipers move across the view,
text: as the gate of the Corleone Mall appears before us, still
text: decorated for Christmas. The courtyard is bathed with white
text: floodlight, giving this place a cold and isolated look. The
text: narrow entrance mouth of the Mall is sealed off with a link
text: chain. There are strange cars parked along the curving
text: cement walk. SEVERAL MEN are congregated about the gate and
text: chain; ONE of them approaches MICHAEL's car.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Who're you?
text: ANOTHER peeks his ugly face almost right up to MICHAEL, and
dialog: then turns.
speaker_heading: MAN 2
dialog: It's the Don's kid; take the car,
dialog: I'll bring him inside.
text: The FIRST MAN opens the car door, and MICHAEL steps out.
speaker_heading: INT NITE: HALL (WINTER 1945)
text: The Hallway of the main house is filled with MEN MICHAEL
text: doesn't recognize. They pay little attention to him. Most
text: of them are waiting; sitting uncomfortably; no one is talking.
scene_heading: INT NITE: DON'S LIVING ROOM (WINTER 1945)
text: MICHAEL moves into the living room; there is a Christmas
text: tree, and countless greeting cards taped to the walls.
text: THERESA HAGEN is sitting stiffly on the sofa, smoking a
text: cigarette; on the coffee table in front of her is a water
text: glass half filled with whiskey. On the other side of the
text: sofa sits CLEMENZA; his face is impassive, but he is
text: sweating, and the cigar in his hand glistens slickly black
text: with his saliva. PAULIE GATTO sits tensely and alone on the
text: other side of the room. CLEMENZA sees MICHAEL, looks up at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Your mother's at the hospital with
dialog: the old man: He's gonna pull through.
text: MICHAEL nods his relief.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Thanks.
text: He moves to THERESA.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (gently)
dialog: You heard from Tom yet?
text: Without looking up, she clings to him for a moment, and
text: trembles. Occasionally, STRANGE MEN will cross through the
text: room; everyone speaks in a whisper.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (taking her hand)
dialog: C'mon.
text: He leads her into his father's office without knocking.
scene_heading: INT NITE: DON'S OFFICE (WINTER 1945)
text: SONNY and TESSIO are huddled around a yellow pad. They look
text: up, startled.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Don't worry, Theresa; they just
dialog: want to give Tom the proposition,
dialog: then they're going to turn him loose.
text: He reassuringly hugs THERESA, and then to MICHAEL's surprise,
text: he kisses him on the cheek.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I was worried when we couldn't get
dialog: in touch with you in that hick town.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: How's Mom?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Good. She's been through it before.
dialog: Me too. You were too young to know
dialog: about it. You better wait outside;
dialog: there're some things you shouldn't
dialog: hear.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I can help you out...
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Oh no you can't, the old man'd be
dialog: sore as hell if I let you get mixed
dialog: up in this.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Jesus Christ, he's my father, Sonny.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Theresa.
text: She understands, and leaves them alone.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: All right, Mikey...who do we have
dialog: to hit, Clemenza or Paulie?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SONNY
text: One of them fingered the old man.
text: MICHAEL didn't realize that the men waiting outside were on
dialog: trial for their lives.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Clemenza? No, I don't believe it.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: You're right, kid, Clemenza is okay.
dialog: It was Paulie.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: How can you be sure?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: On the three days Paulie was sick
dialog: this month, he got calls from a
text: payphone across from the old man's
dialog: building. We got people in the
dialog: phone company.
dialog: (he shrugs)
dialog: Thank God it was Paulie...we'll
dialog: need Clemenza bad.
dialog: MICHAEL is just realizing the gravity and extent of the
dialog: situation.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Is it going to be all-out war, like
dialog: last time?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Until the old man tells me different.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Then wait, Sonny. Talk to Pop.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Sollozzo is a dead man, I don't
dialog: care what it costs. I don't care
dialog: if we have to fight all the five
dialog: families in New York. The Tattaglia
dialog: family's going to eat dirt. I
dialog: don't care if we all go down
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (softly)
dialog: That's not how Pop would have
dialog: played it.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I know I'm not the man he was. But
dialog: I'll tell you this and he'll tell
dialog: you too. When it comes to real
dialog: action, I can operate as good as
dialog: anybody short range.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: All right, Sonny. All right.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Christ, if I could only contact Luca.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Is it like they say? Is he that
dialog: good?
text: Outside, we HEAR THERESA cry out, almost a scream of relief.
text: Then open the door and rush out.
text: Everyone is standing: in the doorway, TOM HAGEN is wrapped
text: in a tight embrace with his WIFE.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: If I plead before the Supreme
dialog: Court, I'll never do better than I
dialog: did tonight with that Turk.
scene_heading: EXT NITE: MALL, FEATURING DON'S HOUSE (WINTER 1945)
text: The windows of the main house are dark except for the DON's
text: study. It stands out against the cold, dark night.
scene_heading: INT NITE: DON'S LIVING ROOM (WINTER 1945)
text: The living room is empty, save for PAULIE GATTO sitting on
text: the edge of the sofa. The clock reads: 4:00 a.m.
scene_heading: INT NITE: DON'S OFFICE (WINTER 1945)
text: SONNY, MICHAEL, HAGEN, CLEMENZA and TESSIO; all exhausted,
text: in shirtsleeves, about to fall asleep. It is four in the
text: morning; there is evidence of many cups of coffee and many
text: snacks. They can barely talk anymore.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Is the hospital covered?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: The cops have it locked in and I
dialog: got my people there visiting Pop
dialog: all the time. What about the hit
dialog: list.
text: HAGEN widens his sleepy eyes, and looks at the yellow pad.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Too much, too far, too personal.
dialog: The Don would consider this all
dialog: purely a business dispute: Get rid
dialog: of Sollozzo, and everything falls
dialog: in line. YOU don't have to go
dialog: after the Tattaglias.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA nods.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: What about Luca? Sollozzo didn't
dialog: seem worried about Luca. That
dialog: worries me.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: If Luca sold out we're in real
dialog: trouble.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Has anyone been able to get in
dialog: touch with him?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: No, and I've been calling all night.
dialog: Maybe he's shacked up.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: Luca never sleeps over with a broad.
dialog: He always goes home when he's
dialog: through. Mike, keep ringing Luca's
dialog: number.
text: MICHAEL, very tired, picks up the phone, and dials the
text: number once again. He can hear the phone ringing on the
text: other end but no one answers. Then hangs up.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Keep trying every fifteen minutes.
dialog: (exhausted)
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Tom, you're the Consigliere, what
dialog: do we do if the old man dies?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Without your father's political
dialog: contacts and personal influence,
dialog: the Corleone family loses half its
dialog: strength. Without your father, the
dialog: other New York families might wind
dialog: up supporting Sollozzo, and the
dialog: Tattaglias just to make sure there
dialog: isn't a long destructive war. The
dialog: old days are over, this is 1946;
dialog: nobody wants bloodshed anymore. If
dialog: your father dies...make the deal,
dialog: Sonny.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (angry)
dialog: That's easy to say; it's not your
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I was as good a son to him as you
dialog: or Mike.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Oh Christ Tom, I didn't mean it
dialog: that way.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: We're all tired...
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: OK, we sit tight until the old man
dialog: can give us the lead. But Tom, I
dialog: want you to stay inside the Mall.
dialog: You too, Mike, no chances. Tessio,
dialog: you hold your people in reserve,
dialog: but have them nosing around the
dialog: city. The hospital is yours; I
dialog: want it tight, fool-proof, 24 hours
dialog: a day.
text: There is a timid knock on the door.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: What is it?
text: PAULIE GATTO looks in.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: I tol' you to stay put, Paulie...
speaker_heading: PAULIE
text: The guy at the gate's outside...says
dialog: there's a package...
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Tessio, see what it is.
text: TESSIO gets up, leaves.
speaker_heading: PAULIE
dialog: You want me to hang around?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Yeah. Hang around.
speaker_heading: PAULIE
dialog: Outside?
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Outside.
speaker_heading: PAULIE
dialog: Sure.
text: He closes the door.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Clemenza. You take care of Paulie.
dialog: I don't ever want to see him again.
dialog: Understood?
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Understood.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Okay, now you can move your men
dialog: into the Mall, replace Tessio's
dialog: people. Mike, tomorrow you take a
dialog: couple of Clemenza's people and go
dialog: to Luca's apartment and wait for
dialog: him to show. That crazy bastard
dialog: might be going after Sollozzo right
dialog: now if he's heard the news.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Maybe Mike shouldn't get mixed up
dialog: in this so directly. You know the
dialog: old man doesn't want that.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: OK forget it, just stay on the phone.
text: MICHAEL is embarrassed to be so protected. He dials Luca
text: Brasi's number once again. The ring repeats, but no one
dialog: answers.
text: TESSIO comes back, carrying Luca Brasi's bullet-proof vest
text: in his hand. He unwraps it; there is a large fish wrapped
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: A Sicilian message: Luca Brasi
dialog: sleeps with the fishes.
scene_heading: INT. NITE: NIGHTCLUB (WINTER 1945)
dialog: LUCA sits at the Bar of the Tattaglia Nightclub, as we
text: remember him. BRUNO TATTAGLIA had just patted his hand.
text: LUCA looks up at him.
text: Then SOLLOZZO pats the other hand, almost affectionately.
text: LUCA is just about to twist his hands away, when they both
text: clamp down as hard as they can. Suddenly, a garrote is
text: thrown around his neck, and pulled violently tight. His
text: face begins to turn to purple blotches, and then totally
text: purple, right before our eyes; his tongue hangs out, in a
dialog: far more extreme way than a normal tongue could. His eyes
dialog: bulge.
text: ONE of the MEN looks down at him in disgust as LUCA's
text: strength leaves him.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (making an ugly face)
dialog: Oh Christ...all over the floor.
text: SOLLOZZO lets LUCA's hand go with a victorious smile on his
dialog: face.
text: LUCA falls to the floor.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
text: The Godfather is next.
scene_heading: ----------------------------------------FADE OUT--------
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT DAY: CLEMENZA'S HOUSE (WINTER 1945)
text: Morning in a simple Brooklyn suburb. There are rows of
text: pleasant houses; driveway after driveway, down the block. A
text: dark, somber young man of thirty-one or two walks with a
text: noticeable limp down the sidewalk, and rings the bell. This
text: is ROCCO LAMPONE. The woman of the house, MRS. CLEMENZA,
text: talks to him through the screen door, and then points to the
text: side of the house. ROCCO moves to the garage, which is
text: specially heated, and in which CLEMENZA is busy at work
text: washing a shiny brand new Lincoln. LAMPONE admires the car.
speaker_heading: LAMPONE
dialog: Nice.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Crazy Detroit delivered it with a
dialog: wooden bumper. They're going to
dialog: send me the chrome bumpers in a
dialog: couple months. I waited two years
dialog: for this car to come with wooden
dialog: bumpers!
text: He scrubs and polishes with great affection.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Today you make your bones on Paulie.
dialog: You understand everything?
speaker_heading: LAMPONE
dialog: Sure.
text: As he scrubs around the glove compartment, he opens it,
text: unwraps a gun and gives it to LAMPONE.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: .22 soft-nosed load. Accurate up
dialog: to five feet.
text: LAMPONE expertly puts the gun away. GATTO's car pulls into
text: the driveway, and he sounds the horn.
text: The two men walk to the car. GATTO is driving, a bit
text: nervous, like he doesn't know what is up. LAMPONE gets in
text: the rear seat; CLEMENZA in the front, making a grunt of
text: recognition. He looks at his wristwatch, as though wanting
text: to chide PAULIE for being late. PAULIE flinches a little
text: when he sees LAMPONE will ride behind him; he half turns:
speaker_heading: PAULIE
text: Rocco, sit on the other side. A
dialog: big guy like you blocks my rearview
dialog: mirror.
text: CLEMENZA turns sourly to PAULIE.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Goddamn Sonny. He's running scared.
dialog: He's already thinking of going to
dialog: the mattresses. We have to find a
dialog: place on the West Side. Paulie,
dialog: you know a good location?
text: PAULIE relaxes a bit; he thinks he's off any possible hook
dialog: he was on. Also there's the money he can make by selling
dialog: Sollozzo any secret location.
speaker_heading: PAULIE
dialog: I'll think about it.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (grunting)
dialog: Drive while you thinking; I wanna
dialog: get to the City this month!
text: The car pulls out.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: PAULIE'S CAR - ON ROAD (WINTER 1945)
text: Inside PAULIE drives; and CLEMENZA sits in a grump. OUR
text: VIEW does not show LAMPONE in the rear seat.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: PAULIE'S CAR AT TUNNEL (WINTER 1945)
text: The Car crosses to the Midtown Tunnel in the late Winter
dialog: light.
scene_heading: INT DAY: PAULIE'S CAR IN TUNNEL (WINTER 1945)
text: Inside the tunnel; GATTO doesn't like not seeing LAMPONE.
text: He tries to adjust his rearview mirror to catch a glimpse of
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Pay attention!
scene_heading: EXT DAY: PAULIE'S CAR AT MATTRESS (WINTER 1945)
text: The car is parked in the City. PAULIE comes down from an
text: available apartment and gets back into the car.
speaker_heading: PAULIE
dialog: Good for ten men...
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: OK, go to Arthur Avenue; I'm
dialog: suppose to call when I found
dialog: somethin'.
text: The car pulls off.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: RESTAURANT (WINTER 1945)
text: New part of the city; the car pulls up in a parking lot.
text: CLEMENZA get outs, glances at LAMPONE, then to PAULIE.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: You wait; I'll call.
text: He walks, tucking his shirt into his pants, around the
text: corner and enters the Luna Restaurant.
speaker_heading: INT DAY: RESTAURANT (WINTER 1945)
text: CLEMENZA enters the little restaurant, sits down at a table.
text: The WAITERS know him; immediately put a bottle of wine, some
text: bread--and then a plate of veal on his table. He eats.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: RESTAURANT (WINTER 1945)
text: CLEMENZA exits the restaurant, belches, adjusts his pants;
text: he is well fed.
text: We move with him around the corner, not knowing what to
dialog: expect has happened to Paulie.
text: There is the car; PAULIE is still sitting behind the wheel,
text: LAMPONE in the rear seat. CLEMENZA steps in.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: He talked my ear off. Want us to
dialog: go back to Long Beach; have another
dialog: job for us. Rocco, you live in the
dialog: City, can we drop you off?
speaker_heading: LAMPONE (O.S.)
dialog: Ah, I left my car at your place.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: OK, then you gotta come back.
text: The car pulls out. By now, PAULIE is completely relaxed and
dialog: secure.
speaker_heading: PAULIE
dialog: You think we'll go for that last
dialog: place?
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Maybe, or you gotta know now.
speaker_heading: PAULIE
dialog: Holy cow, I don't gotta know nothing.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: PAULIE'S CAR ON CAUSEWAY (WINTER 1945)
text: The car moves along the ready beach area of the causeway.
text: Inside, CLEMENZA turns to PAULIE.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Paulie, pull over. I gotta take a
dialog: leak.
text: The car pulls off the Causeway, into the reeds. CLEMENZA
text: steps out of the car, OUR VIEW MOVING with him.
dialog: He turns his back three quarters from us (we can no longer
text: see the car), unzips, and we hear the sound of urine hitting
text: the ground. We wait on this for a moment; and then there
text: are two GUNSHOTS. CLEMENZA finishes his leak, zips up and
text: turns, moving back to the car.
text: PAULIE is dead, bleeding from the mouth; the windows behind
text: him are shattered.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Leave the gun.
text: LAMPONE gets out, the two men walk through the reeds a few
text: feet where there is another car. They get in, and drive off.
scene_heading: ---------------------------------------FADE OUT---------
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (WINTER 1945)
text: HIGH ANGLE OF THE MALL. It is late afternoon. Many strange
text: cars are parked on the nearby streets. We can see the group
text: of BUTTON MEN, stationed here and there, obviously sentries
dialog: with concealed weapons.
text: MICHAEL walks along in the rear yard.
text: He is bundled in a warm marine coat. He looks at the
text: strange men, regarding them with an uncertain awe. They
text: look back at him, at first suspiciously and then with the
dialog: respect of his position. He is like an exile Prince. He
text: wanders past them, and hesitates and looks at the yard.
text: A rusted set of garden swings; and other home playground
text: equipment. The basketball ring now half coming off. This
text: is where he was a child. Then a shout.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA (O.S.)
dialog: Mike. Hey Mikey; telephone.
text: CLEMENZA had shouted from the kitchen window. MICHAEL
text: hurries into the house.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S KITCHEN (WINTER 1945)
text: CLEMENZA is in the kitchen, cooking over an enormous pot.
text: He points to the kitchen wall phone which is hanging off the
dialog: hook.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Some dame.
text: MICHAEL picks it up.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Hello. Kay?
speaker_heading: KAY (O.S.)
dialog: How is your father?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: He'll be OK.
speaker_heading: KAY (O.S.)
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I love you.
text: He glances at the THUGS in the kitchen. Tries to shield the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: KAY (O.S.)
dialog: I LOVE YOU.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Yeah Kay, I'm here.
speaker_heading: KAY (O.S.)
dialog: Can you say it?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: KAY (O.S.)
dialog: Tell me you love me.
text: MICHAEL glances at the HOODS at the kitchen table. He curls
text: up in a corner, and in a quarter voice:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I can't...
speaker_heading: KAY (O.S.)
dialog: Please say it.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Look. I'll see you tonight, OK?
speaker_heading: KAY (O.S.)
dialog: OK.
dialog: (click)
text: CLEMENZA is getting ready to build a tomato sauce for all
text: the button men stationed around the house.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: How come you don't tell that nice
dialog: girl you love her...here, learn
dialog: something... you may have to feed
dialog: fifty guys some day. You start
dialog: with olive oil...fry some garlic,
dialog: see. And then fry some sausage...or meat
dialog: balls if you like...then you throw
dialog: in the tomatoes, the tomato
dialog: paste...some basil; and a little
dialog: red wine...that's my trick.
text: SONNY peeks into the kitchen; sees CLEMENZA.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: You take care of Paulie?
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: You won't see Paulie anymore. He's
dialog: sick for good this winter.
text: MICHAEL starts to leave.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: To the city.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (to Clemenza; dipping
dialog: bread into the sauce)
dialog: Send some bodyguards.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I don't need them, Sonny. I'm just
text: going to see Pop in the hospital.
dialog: Also, I got other things.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Sollozzo knows Mike's a civilian.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: OK, but be careful.
speaker_heading: EXT NITE: CAR
text: MICHAEL sits in the rear seat, calmly, as he is being driven
text: into the city. THREE BUTTONMEN are crowded into the front
dialog: seat.
scene_heading: INT NITE: HOTEL LOBBY
text: MICHAEL crosses the lobby, past lines of servicemen trying
dialog: to book rooms.
speaker_heading: INT NITE: HOTEL
text: MICHAEL and KAY eating a quiet dinner at the hotel. He is
text: preoccupied, she's concerned.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: Visiting hour ends at eight thirty.
dialog: I'll just sit with him; I want to
dialog: show respect.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Can I go to the hospital with you?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I don't think so. You don't want
dialog: to end up on page 3 of the Daily
dialog: News.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: My parents don't read the Daily
dialog: News. All right, if you think I
dialog: shouldn't. I can't believe the
text: things the papers are printing.
dialog: I'm sure most of it's not true.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I don't think so either.
dialog: (silence)
dialog: I better go.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: When will I see you again?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I want you to go back to New
dialog: Hampshire...think things over.
text: He leans over her; kisses her.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: When will I see you again?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Goodbye.
text: Quietly, he moves out the door.
text: KAY lies on the bed a while, and then, to herself:
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Goodbye.
scene_heading: EXT NITE: DON'S HOSPITAL (WINTER 1945)
text: A taxi pulls up in front of a hospital, marked clearly with
text: a neon sign "HOSPITAL--EMERGENCY." MICHAEL steps out, pays
text: the fare...and then stops dead in his tracks.
text: MICHAEL looks.
text: He sees the hospital in the night; but it is deserted. He
text: is the only one on the street. There are gay, twinkling
text: Christmas decorations all over the building. He walks,
text: slowly at first, and then ever so quickly, up the steps. He
text: hesitates, looks around. This area is empty. He checks the
text: address on a scrap of paper. It is correct. He tries the
text: door, it is empty.
text: He walks in.
scene_heading: INT NITE: HOSPITAL LOBBY (WINTER 1945)
text: MICHAEL stands in the center of an absolutely empty hospital
text: lobby. He looks to the right; there is a long, empty
text: corridor. To the left: the same.
text: HIGH FULL ANGLE, as MICHAEL walks through the desolated
text: building lit by eerie green neon lighting. All we hear are
text: his sole footsteps.
text: He walks up to a desk marked "INFORMATION". No one is there.
text: He moves quickly to a door marked "OFFICE"; swings into it;
text: no one is there. He looks onto the desk: There is half a
text: sandwich, and a half-filled bottle of coke.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Hello? Hello?
text: Now he knows something is happening, he moves quickly,
text: alertly. MICHAEL walking down the hospital corridors; all
text: alone. The floors have just been mopped. They are still wet.
scene_heading: INT NITE: HOSPITAL STAIRS
text: Now he turns onto a staircase; ever quickening; up several
dialog: flights.
scene_heading: INT NITE: 4TH FLOOR CORRIDOR
text: He steps out onto the fourth floor. He looks. There are
text: merely empty corridors. He takes out his scrap of paper;
text: checks it. "Room 4A." Now he hurries, trying to follow the
dialog: code of hospital rooms; following the right arrows, quicker
text: and quicker they flash by him. Now he stops, looks up "4A--
dialog: Corleone".
text: There is a special card table set up there with some
dialog: magazines...and some smoking cigarettes still in the
text: ashtray--but no detectives, no police, no bodyguards.
scene_heading: INT NITE: DON'S ROOM 4A
text: Slowly he pushes the door open, almost afraid at what he
text: will find. He looks. Lit by the moonlight through the
text: window, he can see a FIGURE in the hospital bed alone in the
text: room, and under a transparent oxygen tent. All that can be
text: heard is the steady though strained breathing. Slowly
text: MICHAEL walks up to it, and is relieved to see his FATHER,
text: securely asleep. Tubes hang from a steel gallows beside the
text: bed, and run to his nose and mouth.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: This startles MICHAEL; who almost jumps around. It is a
text: NURSE lit from the light behind her in the hallway.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: You're not supposed to be here now.
text: MICHAEL calms himself, and moves to her.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'm Michael Corleone--this is my
dialog: father. What happened to the
dialog: detectives who were guarding him?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Oh your father just had too many
dialog: visitors. It interfered with the
dialog: hospital service. The police came
dialog: and made them all leave just ten
dialog: minutes ago.
dialog: (comfortingly)
dialog: But don't worry. I look in on him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You just stand here one minute...
text: Quickly he moves to the telephone, dials a number.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Sonny...Sonny--Jesus Christ, I'm
dialog: down at the hospital. I came down
dialog: late. There's no one here. None
dialog: of Tessio's people--no detectives,
text: no one. The old man is completely
text: unprotected.
speaker_heading: SONNY (O.S.)
dialog: All right, get him in a different
text: room; lock the door from the inside.
dialog: I'll have some men there inside of
dialog: fifteen minutes. Sit tight, and
dialog: don't panic.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (furiously, but kept inside)
dialog: I won't panic.
text: He hangs up; returns to the NURSE...
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: You cannot stay here...I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: You and I are going to move my
dialog: father right now...to another room
dialog: on another floor...Can you
dialog: disconnect those tubes so we can
dialog: wheel the bed out?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Absolutely not! We have to get
dialog: permission from the Doctor.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You've read about my father in the
dialog: papers. You've seen that no one's
dialog: here to guard him. Now I've just
dialog: gotten word that men are coming to
dialog: this hospital to kill him. Believe
dialog: me and help me.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: We don't have to disconnect them,
dialog: we can wheel the stand with the bed.
dialog: She does so...and they perform the very difficult task of
text: moving the bed and the apparatus, out of the room.
scene_heading: INT NITE: 4TH FLOOR HOSPITAL (WINTER 1945)
text: They roll the bed, the stand, and all the tubes silently
text: down the corridor. We hear FOOTSTEPS coming up the stairs.
text: MICHAEL hears them, stops.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Hurry, into there.
text: They push it into the first available room. MICHAEL peeks
text: out from the door. The footsteps are louder; then they
text: emerge. It is ENZO, NAZORINE's helper, carrying a bouquet
dialog: of flowers.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (stepping out)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Michael...do you remember me, Enzo,
text: the baker's helper to Nazorine, now
dialog: his son-in-law.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Enzo, get out of here. There's
dialog: going to be trouble.
text: A look of fear sweeps through ENZO's face.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: If there...will be trouble...I stay
dialog: with you, to help. I owe it to the
dialog: Godfather.
text: MICHAEL thinks, realizes he needs all the help he can get.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Go outside; stand in front...I'll
dialog: be out in a minute.
scene_heading: INT NITE: DON'S SECOND HOSPITAL ROOM (WINTER 1945)
text: They part. MICHAEL moves into the hospital room where they
dialog: put his FATHER.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: (frightened)
text: He's awake.
text: MICHAEL looks at the OLD MAN, his eyes are open, though he
text: cannot speak. MICHAEL touches his face tenderly.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Pop...Pop, it's me Michael. Shhhh,
dialog: don't try to speak. There are men
dialog: who are coming to try to kill you.
dialog: But I'm with you...I'm with you
dialog: now...
text: The OLD MAN tries to speak...but cannot. MICHAEL tenderly
text: puts his finger to his FATHER's lips.
scene_heading: EXT NITE: DON'S HOSPITAL STREET (WINTER 1945)
text: Outside the hospital is empty save for a nervous ENZO,
text: pacing back and forth brandishly the flowers as his only
text: weapon. MICHAEL exits the hospital and moves to him. They
text: both stand under a lamppost in the cold December night.
text: They are both frightened; MICHAEL gives ENZO a cigarette,
text: lights it. ENZO's hands are trembling, MICHAEL's are not.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Get rid of those and look like
dialog: you've got a gun in your pocket.
text: The windows of the hospital twinkle with Christmas
dialog: decorations.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Listen...
text: We HEAR the sound of a single automobile coming. MICHAEL
text: and ENZO look with fear in their eyes. Then MICHAEL takes
text: the bouquet of flowers and stuffs them under his jacket.
text: They stand, hands in their pockets.
text: A long low black car turns the corner and cruises by them.
text: MICHAEL's and ENZO's faces are tough, impassive. The car
text: seems as though it will stop; and then quickly accelerates.
text: MICHAEL and ENZO are relieved. MICHAEL looks down; the
text: BAKER's hands are shaking. He looks at his own, and they
dialog: are not.
text: Another moment goes by and we can hear the distant sound of
text: police sirens. They are clearly coming toward the hospital,
text: getting louder and louder. MICHAEL heaves a sigh of relief.
text: In a second, a patrol car makes a screaming turn in front of
text: the hospital; then two more squad cars follow with uniformed
text: POLICE and DETECTIVES. He smiles his relief and starts
text: toward them. TWO huge, burly POLICEMEN suddenly grab his
text: arms while ANOTHER frisks him. A massive POLICE CAPTAIN,
text: spattered with gold braid and scrambled eggs on his hat,
text: with beefy red face and white hair seems furious. This is
speaker_heading: McCLUSKEY.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKEY
dialog: I thought I got all you guinea
dialog: hoods locked up. Who the hell are
dialog: you and what are you doing here?
text: ANOTHER COP standing nearby:
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: He's clean, Captain.
text: MICHAEL studies McCLUSKEY closely.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: What happened to the detectives who
dialog: were supposed to be guarding my
dialog: father?
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKEY
dialog: (furious)
dialog: You punk-hood. Who the hell are
dialog: you to tell me my business. I
dialog: pulled them off. I don't care how
dialog: many Dago gangsters kill each other.
dialog: I wouldn't lift a finger to keep
dialog: your old man from getting knocked
dialog: off. Now get the hell out of here;
dialog: get off this street you punk, and
dialog: stay away from this hospital.
text: MICHAEL stands quiet.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'll stay until you put guards
dialog: around my father's room.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKEY
dialog: Phil, lock this punk up.
speaker_heading: A DETECTIVE
dialog: The Kid's clean, Captain...He's a
dialog: war hero, and he's never been mixed
text: up in the rackets...
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKEY
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Goddam it, I said lock him up. Put
text: the cuffs on him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (deliberately, right
text: to McCLUSKEY's face,
text: as he's being handcuffed)
dialog: How much is the Turk paying you to
dialog: set my father up, Captain?
text: Without any warning, McCLUSKEY leans back and hits MICHAEL
text: squarely on the jaw with all his weight and strength.
text: MICHAEL groans, and lifts his hand to his jaw. He looks at
dialog: McCLUSKEY; we are his VIEW and everything goes spinning, and
text: he falls to the ground, just as we see HAGEN and CLEMENZA'S
speaker_heading: MEN arrive.
scene_heading: ---------------------------------------FADE OUT---------
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (WINTER 1945)
text: HIGH ANGLE VIEW of THE CORLEONE MALL. The gateway now has a
text: long black car blocking it. There are more BUTTON MEN
text: stationed more formally; and some of them visibly carrying
text: rifles; those of the houses close to the courtyard have MEN
text: standing by open windows. It is clear that the war is
text: escalating. A car pulls up and out get CLEMENZA, LAMPONE,
text: MICHAEL and HAGEN. MICHAEL's jaw is wired and bandaged. He
text: stops and looks up at the open window. We can see MEN
dialog: holding rifles.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Christ, Sonny really means business.
text: They continue walking. TESSIO joins them. The various
text: BODYGUARDS make no acknowledgment.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: How come all the new men?
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: We'll need them now. After the
dialog: hospital incident, Sonny got mad.
dialog: We hit Bruno Tattaglia four o'clock
dialog: this morning.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S HALLWAY
text: They enter the house past the scores of new and strange faces.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S OFFICE (WINTER 1945)
text: SONNY is in the DON's office; he is excited and exuberant.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I've got a hundred button men on
dialog: the streets twenty-four hours a day.
dialog: If Sollozzo shows one hair on his
dialog: ass he's dead.
text: He sees MICHAEL, and holds his bandaged face in his hand,
dialog: kiddingly.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Mikey, you look beautiful!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Cut it out.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: The Turk wants to talk! The nerve
dialog: of that son of a bitch! After he
dialog: craps out last night he wants a meet.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Was there a definite proposal?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Sure, he wants us to send Mike to
dialog: meet him to hear his proposition.
dialog: The promise is the deal will be so
dialog: good we can't refuse.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: What about that Tattaglias? What
dialog: will they do about Bruno?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Part of the deal: Bruno cancels out
dialog: what they did to my father.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: We should hear what they have to say.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: No, no Consiglere. Not this time.
dialog: No more meetings, no more
dialog: discussions, no more Sollozzo
dialog: tricks. Give them one message: I
dialog: WANT SOLLOZZO. If not, it's all
dialog: out war. We go to the mattresses
dialog: and we put all the button men out
text: on the street.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: The other families won't sit still
dialog: for all out war.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Then THEY hand me Sollozzo.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Come ON Sonny, your father wouldn't
dialog: want to hear this. This is not a
dialog: personal thing, this is Business.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: And when they shot me father...
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Yes, even the shooting of your
dialog: father was business, not personal...
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: No no, no more advice on how to
dialog: patch it up Tom. You just help me
dialog: win. Understood?
text: HAGEN bows his head; he is deeply concerned.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I found out about this Captain
text: McCluskey who broke Mike's jaw.
dialog: He's definitely on Sollozzo's
dialog: payroll, and for big money.
dialog: McCluskey's agreed to be the Turk's
dialog: bodyguard. What you have to
dialog: understand is that while Sollozzo
dialog: is guarded like this, he's
dialog: invulnerable. Nobody has ever
dialog: gunned down a New York Police
dialog: Captain. Never. It would be
dialog: disastrous. All the five families
dialog: would come after you Sonny; the
dialog: Corleone family would be outcasts;
dialog: even the old man's political
dialog: protection would run for cover. So
dialog: just...take that into consideration.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (still fuming)
dialog: McCluskey can't stay with the Turk
dialog: forever. We'll wait.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: We can't wait. No matter what
dialog: Sollozzo say about a deal, he's
dialog: figuring out how to kill Pop. You
dialog: have to get Sollozzo now.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: The kid's right.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: What about McCluskey?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Let's say now that we have to kill
dialog: McCluskey. We'll clear that up
dialog: through our Newspaper contacts later.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Go on Mike.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: They want me to go to the conference
dialog: with Sollozzo. Set up the meeting
dialog: for two days from now. Sonny, get
dialog: our informers to find out where the
dialog: meeting will be held.
dialog: Insist it has to be a public place:
dialog: a bar or restaurant at the height
dialog: of the dinner hour. So I'll feel
dialog: safe. They'll check me when I meet
dialog: them so I won't be able to carry a
dialog: weapon; but Clemenza, figure out a
dialog: way to have one planted there for
dialog: me.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Then I'll kill them both.
text: Everyone in the room is astonished; they all look at MICHAEL.
text: Silence. SONNY suddenly breaks out in laughter. He points
text: a finger at MICHAEL, trying to speak.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: You? You, the high-class college
dialog: kid. You never wanted to get mixed
dialog: up in the family business. Now you
dialog: wanta gun down a police Captain and
dialog: the Turk just because you got
dialog: slapped in the face. You're taking
dialog: it personal, it's just business and
dialog: he's taking it personal.
text: Now CLEMENZA and TESSIO are also smiling; only HAGEN keeps
text: his face serious.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (angrily, but cold)
dialog: Sonny, it's all personal, and I
dialog: learned it from him, the old man,
dialog: the Godfather. He took my joining
dialog: the Marines personal. I take
dialog: Sollozzo trying to kill my father
dialog: personal, and you know I'll kill
dialog: them Sonny.
text: MICHAEL radiates danger...SONNY stops laughing.
scene_heading: INT DAY: CLEMENZA'S CELLAR (WINTER 1945)
text: CLOSE on a revolver.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA (O.S.)
dialog: It's as cold as they come,
dialog: impossible to trace.
dialog: (he turns it upside down)
dialog: Don't worry about prints Mike, I
dialog: put a special tape on the trigger
dialog: and butt. Here.
text: (he hands the gun to
dialog: another pair of hands)
dialog: Whatsamatter? Trigger too tight.
dialog: (it fires: very LOUD)
dialog: I left it noisy, so it'll scare any
dialog: pain-in-the-neck innocent bystander
dialog: away.
text: MICHAEL is alone with CLEMENZA in a cellar workshop.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Just let your hand drop to your
text: side, and let the gun slip out.
dialog: Everybody will still think you got
dialog: it. They'll be starin' at your
dialog: face, see? Then walk out of the
dialog: place real fast, but don't run.
dialog: Don't look anybody directly in the
dialog: eye, but don't look away from them
dialog: neither. Hey, they'll be scared
dialog: stiff o you, believe me. Nobody's
dialog: gonna bother with you. Don't worry
dialog: about nothing; you'd be surprised
dialog: how good these things go. O.K.,
dialog: put your hat on, let's see how you
dialog: look. Helps with identification.
text: They put the hat on; CLEMENZA adjusts it.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Mostly it gives witnesses an excuse
dialog: to change their identification when
dialog: we make them see the light. Then
dialog: you take a long vacation and we
dialog: catch the hell.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: How bad will it be?
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Probably all the other families
dialog: will line up against us. But, it's
dialog: alright. These things have to
dialog: happen once every ten years or
dialog: so...gets rid of the bad blood.
dialog: You gotta stop 'em at the beginning.
dialog: Like they shoulda stopped Hitler at
dialog: Munich, they shoulda never let him
dialog: get away with that, they were just
dialog: asking for big trouble...
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S HALL &amp; LIVING ROOM (WINTER 1945)
text: MICHAEL steps into the foyer of the main house. A card
text: table is set up with a man playing cards with three of the
dialog: Corleone buttonmen.
text: He continues into the living room. It's a mess. SONNY
text: asleep on the sofa. On the coffee table are the remains of
text: a take-out Chinese food dinner, and a half-empty bottle of
text: whisky. The radio is playing.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Why don't you stop living like a
dialog: bum and get this place cleaned up.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: What are you, inspecting the
dialog: barracks?
speaker_heading: (SONNY sits up with
dialog: his head in his hands)
dialog: You ready? Did Clemenza tell you
dialog: be sure to drop the gun right away?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: A million times.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Sollozzo and McCluskey are going to
dialog: pick you up in an hour and a half
dialog: on Times Square, under the big
dialog: Camels sign.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: We don't let Mike go until we have
dialog: the hostage, Sonny.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: It's okay...the hostage is outside
dialog: playing pinochle with three of my
dialog: men.
text: The phone rings in the DON's office.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: That could be a Tattaglia informer
dialog: with the meeting place.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S OFFICE (WINTER 1945)
text: HAGEN has hurried into the Den to get the phone; the OTHERS
dialog: move in.
text: HAGEN's on the phone; he writes something down.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: One of Tattaglia's people?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: No. Our informer in McCluskey's
dialog: precinct. Tonight at 8:00 he
dialog: signed out for Louis' Restaurant in
dialog: the Bronx. Anyone know it.
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: Sure, I do. It's perfect for us.
text: A small family place with big
dialog: booths where people can talk in
dialog: private. Good food. Everybody
dialog: minds their business. Perfect.
text: (he moves to the desk
dialog: and makes a crude drawing)
dialog: This is the entrance, Mike. When
dialog: you finish just walk out and turn
text: left, then turn the corner.
dialog: Clemenza, you gotta work fast to
dialog: plant the gun. They got an old-
dialog: fashioned toilet with a space
dialog: between the water container and the
dialog: wall. We can tape the gun behind
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Mike, they're gonna frisk you in
dialog: the car. You'll be clean so they
dialog: won't worry 'bout nothing. In the
dialog: restaurant, wait and talk a while,
dialog: and then ask permission to go. See?
dialog: Then when you come out, don't waste
dialog: time; don't sit down...you come out
dialog: blasting. And don't take chances.
text: In the head, two shots apiece. And
dialog: out as fast as your legs can move.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I want somebody very good, very
dialog: safe to plant that gun. I don't
dialog: want my brother coming out of that
dialog: toilet with just his dick in his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: The gun will be there.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (to MICHAEL, warmly)
dialog: You're on, kid...I'll square it
dialog: with Mom your not seeing her before
dialog: you left. And I'll get a message
dialog: to your girl friend when I think
dialog: the time is right.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: We gotta move...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: O.K. How long do you think before
dialog: I can come back?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Probably a year...
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (starting to crack)
dialog: Jesus, I don't know...
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Can you do it Mike?
text: MICHAEL moves out.
speaker_heading: EXT NITE: CAMELS SIGN (WINTER 1945)
text: The enormous "CAMELS" sign, puffing smoke, below it stands
text: MICHAEL, dressed in a warm overcoat, and wearing the hat
text: CLEMENZA had given him. A long black car pulls around the
text: corner and slows before him. The DRIVER, leaning over, open
text: the front door.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Get in, Mike.
text: He does, the car drives off.
scene_heading: EXT NITE: SOLLOZZO'S CAR (WINTER 1945)
text: Inside the car, SOLLOZZO reaches his hand over the back seat
text: and shakes MIKE's hand.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: I'm glad you came, Mike. I hope we
dialog: can straighten everything out. All
dialog: this is terrible, it's not the way
dialog: I wanted things to happen at all.
dialog: It should never have happened.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I want to settle things tonight. I
dialog: want my father left alone.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: He won't be; I swear to you be my
dialog: children he won't be. Just keep an
dialog: open mind when we talk. I hope
dialog: you're not a hothead like your
dialog: brother, Sonny. It's impossible to
dialog: talk business with him.
text: McCLUSKEY grunts.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKEY
dialog: He's a good kid. He's all right.
dialog: Turn around, up on your knees,
dialog: facing me.
text: He gives MICHAEL a thorough frisk.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKEY
dialog: I'm sorry about the other night
dialog: Mike. I'm getting too old for my
dialog: job, too grouchy. Can't stand the
dialog: aggravation. You know how it is.
dialog: He's clean.
scene_heading: EXT NITE: SOLLOZZO'S CAR - WEST SIDE HIGHWAY (WINTER 1945)
text: MICHAEL looks at the DRIVER and then ahead to see where
dialog: they're heading.
text: The car takes the George Washington Bridge. MICHAEL is
dialog: concerned.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: We're going to New Jersey?
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: (sly)
dialog: Maybe.
text: MICHAEL closes his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT NITE: SOLLOZZO'S CAR ON G.W. BRIDGE (WINTER 1945)
text: The car speeds along the George Washington Bridge on its way
text: to New Jersey. Then suddenly it hits the divider,
text: temporarily lifts into the air, and bounces over into the
text: lanes going back to New York. It then hits it very fast, on
text: the way back to the city.
scene_heading: EXT NITE: SOLLOZZO'S CAR (WINTER 1945)
text: SOLLOZZO checks to see the cars that had been following, and
text: then leans to the DRIVER.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: Nice work; I'll remember it.
text: MICHAEL is relieved.
scene_heading: EXT NITE: LUNA AZURA RESTAURANT (WINTER 1945)
text: The car pulls up in front of a little family restaurant in
text: the Bronx: The "LUNA AZURA". There is no one on the street.
text: MICHAEL looks to see if the DRIVER is going to get out with
text: them. He gets out, and opens the door. SOLLOZZO, McCLUSKEY
text: and MICHAEL get out; the DRIVER remains leaning against the
text: car. They enter the restaurant.
speaker_heading: INT NITE: LUNA AZURA (WINTER 1945)
text: A very small family restaurant with a mosaic tile floor.
text: SOLLOZZO, MICHAEL and McCLUSKEY sit around a rather small
text: round table near the center of the room. There are empty
text: booths along the side walls; with a handful of CUSTOMERS,
text: and ONE or TWO WAITERS. It is very quiet.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKEY
dialog: Is the Italian food good here?
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: Try the veal; it's the finest in
dialog: New York.
text: The solitary WAITER brings a bottle of wine to the table.
text: They watch him silently as he uncorks it and pours three
text: glasses. Then, when he leaves, SOLLOZZO turns to McCLUSKEY:
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: I am going to talk Italian to Mike.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKEY
dialog: Sure, you two go right ahead; I'll
dialog: concentrate on my veal and my
dialog: spaghetti.
text: SOLLOZZO now begins in rapid Sicilian. MICHAEL listening
text: carefully and nodding every so often. Then MICHAEL answers
text: in Sicilian, and SOLLOZZO goes on. The WAITER occasionally
text: brings food; and they hesitate while he is there; then go on.
text: Then MICHAEL, having difficulty expressing himself in
text: Italian, accidentally lapses into English.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (using English for emphasis)
dialog: Most important...I want a sure
dialog: guarantee that no more attempts
dialog: will be made on my father's life.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: What guarantees can I give you? I
dialog: am the hunted one. I've missed my
dialog: chance. You think too highly of
dialog: me, my friend...I am not so
dialog: clever...all I want if a truce...
text: MICHAEL looks long and hard at SOLLOZZO, who is smiling
dialog: holding his open hands up as if to say: "I have no tricks up
text: my sleeve". Then he looks away and makes a distressed look
text: on his face.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Is it all right if I go to the
dialog: bathroom?
text: SOLLOZZO is intuitively suspicious. He studies MICHAEL with
text: his dark eyes. Then he thrusts his hand onto MICHAEL's
text: thigh feeling in and around, searching for a weapon.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKEY
dialog: I frisked him; I've frisked
text: thousands of young punks; he's clean.
text: He looks at a MAN sitting at a table opposite them;
text: indicating the bathroom with his eyes. The MAN nods,
text: indicating no one is there.
speaker_heading: SOLLOZZO
dialog: Don't take too long.
text: MICHAEL gets up and calmly walks to the bathroom, and
text: disappears inside.
scene_heading: INT NITE: LUNA AZURA TOILET (WINTER 1945)
text: MICHAEL steps into the small bathroom; he is breathing very
text: hard. He actually uses the urinal. Then he washes his
text: hands with the bar of pink soap; and dries them thoroughly.
text: Then he moves to the booth, up to the old-fashioned toilet.
text: Slowly he reaches behind the water tank; he panics when he
text: cannot feel the gun. We see behind the tank his hand is
text: just a few inches from the gun...he gropes
text: searchingly...finally coming to rest on the gun.
text: CLOSE ON MICHAEL; the feel of it reassures him. Then he
text: breaks it loose from the tape holding it; he takes a deep
text: breath and shoves it under his waistband. For some
text: unexplainable reason he hesitates once again, deliberately
text: washes his hands and dries them. Then he goes out.
speaker_heading: INT NITE: LUNA AZURA (WINTER 1945)
text: He hesitates by the bathroom door; and looks at his table.
text: McCLUSKEY is eating a plate of spaghetti and veal. SOLLOZZO
text: turns around upon hearing the door, and looks directly at
text: MICHAEL. MICHAEL looks back. Then he smiles and continues
text: back to the table. He sits down.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Now I can talk. I feel much better.
text: The MAN by the far wall had been stiff with attention; now
text: he too relaxes. SOLLOZZO leans toward MICHAEL who sits down
text: comfortably and his hands move under the table and unbutton
text: his jacket. SOLLOZZO begins to speak in Sicilian once again
text: but MICHAEL's heart is pounding so hard he can barely hear
dialog: him.
text: The WAITER comes to ask about the order, SOLLOZZO turns to
text: speak, and without warning, MICHAEL shoves the table away
text: from him with his left hand, and with his right hand puts
text: the gun right against SOLLOZZO's head, just touching his
text: temple. He pulls the trigger, and we see part of SOLLOZZO's
text: head blown away, and a spray of fine mist of blood cover the
dialog: entire area.
text: The WAITER looks in amazement; suddenly his white jacket is
text: sprayed and stained with blood.
text: SOLLOZZO seems in a perpetual fall to the floor; through he
text: seems to hang in space suspended.
text: MICHAEL pivots, and looks:
text: There is McCLUSKEY, frozen, the fork with a piece of veal
text: suspended in air before his gaping mouth.
text: MICHAEL fires; catching McCLUSKEY in his thick bulging
text: throat. He makes a horrible, gagging, choking sound. Then
text: coolly, and deliberately, MICHAEL fires again, fires right
text: through McCLUSKEY's white-topped skull.
text: The air is filled with pink mist.
text: MICHAEL swings toward the MAN standing by the bathroom wall.
text: He does not make a move, seemingly paralyzed.
text: Now he carefully shows his hands to be empty.
text: The WAITER steps backward through the mist of blood, an
text: expression of horror on his face.
text: MICHAEL looks at his two victims:
text: SOLLOZZO still in his chair, side of his body propped up by
dialog: the table.
text: McCLUSKEY finally falls from the chair to the table.
text: MICHAEL is wildly at a peak. He starts to move out. His
text: hand: is frozen by his side, STILL GRIPPING THE GUN.
text: He moves, not letting the gun go.
text: MICHAEL's face; frozen in its expression.
text: His hand: still holding the gun.
text: His face: finally he closes his eyes.
text: His hand relaxes, the gun falls to the floor with a dull thud.
text: He walks quickly out of the restaurant, looks back.
text: He sees a frozen tableau of the murder; as though it had
text: been recreated in wax.
text: Then he leaves.
scene_heading: ---------------------------------------FADE OUT---------
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: INT DAY: MATTRESS (WINTER 1945)
text: A MAN is his shirtsleeves plays a sentimental tune on an old
text: upright piano, while his cigarette burns on the edge.
text: ANOTHER stands nearby, listening quietly.
text: A little distance away, TEN MEN sit around a crude table,
text: quietly eating. They talk in low, relaxed voices, and there
text: is an occasional laugh.
text: ROCCO LAMPONE stands by a window, which has been covered
text: with a heavy-mesh wire grating, gazing out.
text: A large bowl of pasta is passed, and the MEN eat heartily.
text: The sentimental tune is continued over the following:
scene_heading: INT DAY: BODIES IN CAR (WINTER 1945)
text: A MAN and a WOMAN, blood coming out of their noses, lie
text: still together in a bullet-riddled automobile.
scene_heading: INT DAY: BODY IN BARBER SHOP (WINTER 1945)
text: A MAN is covered by a sheet on the floor of a barber shop.
scene_heading: INT DAY: MATTRESS
text: Ten mattresses are spread out around the otherwise empty
text: living room of an apartment. THREE or FOUR MEN including
text: CLEMENZA, are taking naps.
text: An arsenal of hand guns are spread out on a card table.
text: The MEN at the table continue their dinner; passing and
dialog: pouring the wine.
text: Trash is thrown in 2 or 3 garbage cans kept in the apartment.
scene_heading: INT DAY: BODY IN OFFICE (WINTER 1945)
text: A MAN, his clothes soaked in blood, lies on the floor of an
text: office building, dead, under an enormous portrait of Harry S.
dialog: Truman.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: BODY ON STOOP (WINTER 1945)
text: ANOTHER MAN, his trousers soaked in blood, lies spanning
text: three steps of a front stoop.
speaker_heading: INT NITE: MATTRESS (WINTER 1945)
text: TESSIO, sits in a simple straight-backed chair, doing a
dialog: crossword puzzle.
text: A thin, boyish BUTTON MAN, writes a letter.
text: Six or seven empty mattresses, with tossed unmade blankets.
text: Coffee cans beside them serve as ash trays.
text: A MAN by the table pulls the cork on another bottle of
text: Ruffino, and wine is poured as the MEN eat.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: BODY IN ALLEY (WINTER 1945)
text: A CORPSE is half out of an overturned garbage can in a quiet
dialog: alley.
scene_heading: INT DAY: BODY AT TABLE (WINTER 1945)
text: A MAN in a formal jacket and tie is slumped over a table, in
text: a pool of blood on the tablecloth.
speaker_heading: INT DAY: MATTRESS (WINTER 1945)
text: A neatly stacked pile of newspapers in the corner of an
text: apartment. We catch a glimpse of one headline: "Five Family
dialog: War..."
text: The table. The MEN are sitting around cracking nuts. ONE
text: has fallen asleep on his arms at the table.
text: SEVERAL MEN are taking naps on the Mattresses.
text: The PIANO PLAYER finishes the tune with finesse. Picks up
text: and takes a drag from his cigarette. The OTHER MAN nods
text: appreciatively.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Nice Augie...nice.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: MANCINI BLDG. (SPRING '46)
text: Several cars are parked in front of a pleasant New York
text: apartment building. We recognize a couple of SONNY's
text: bodyguards loafing by the cars, pitching playing cards
dialog: against the curb.
text: Inside the building, two others wait quietly by the rows of
text: brass mailboxes: they have been there quite awhile.
text: Up one flight of stairs, a single man sits on the step,
text: smoking a cigarette.
text: One of the men by the mailboxes checks his pocketwatch,
text: which is attached to a key chain. We HEAR the sound of a
text: door opening; they look up.
text: The man sitting on the stop stands; and looks.
text: SONNY backs out of an apartment, the arms of LUCY MANCINI
text: wrapped around him. She doesn't want to let go of him; she
text: draws him back into the apartment for a moment, and then he
text: comes out alone, adjusting his clothes.
text: He jauntily skips down the steps, trailed by the bodyguard
text: on the first floor, and moves outside toward his car. The
text: men quickly take up their positions. As he gets in his car:
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Pick up your sister?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Yeah.
text: The car drives off; accompanied and escorted by the
text: bodyguards in their cars.
scene_heading: INT DAY: CONNIE'S HALL (SPRING '46)
text: He knocks on the door. No answer. Then again.
speaker_heading: CONNIE'S VOICE
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: It's me, Sonny.
text: We hear the bolt slide back, and see the door open. SONNY
text: enters, but CONNIE has quickly moved into the hallway, her
text: back to him.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (tenderly)
dialog: Connie, what is it?
text: He turns her around in his arms.
text: Her face is swollen and bruised; and we can tell from her
text: rough, red eyes that she has been crying for a long time.
text: As soon as he realizes what's happened, his face goes red
text: with rage. She sees it coming, and clings to him, preventing
text: him from running out of the apartment.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: It was my fault! I started a fight
dialog: with him and I tried to hit him so
dialog: he hit me. He didn't even try to
dialog: hit me hard Sonny, I walked into it.
text: Sonny listens, and calms himself. He touches her shoulder,
text: the thin silk robe.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I'm goin' to have the doctor come
dialog: over and take a look at you.
text: He starts to leave.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Oh Sonny, please don't do anything.
dialog: Please don't.
text: He stops, and then laughs good naturedly.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Hey. Con. What'm I goin' to do?
dialog: Make your kid a orphan before he's
dialog: born.
text: She laughs with him. He kisses her reassuringly, and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: CONNIE'S STREET
text: CARLO settles down on the front steps of the 112th St.
dialog: "Book" with SALLY RAGS and COACH, who have been drinking
text: beer out of glasses and a pitcher of beer from around the
text: corner. The ball game is blaring from the radio; and the
text: kids on the street are still playing stickball.
text: CARLO has barely settled down, when the kids in the street
text: suddenly scatter, and a car comes screeching up the block
text: and to a halt in front of the candy store. The tires
text: scream, and before it seems as though it has even stopped, a
text: MAN comes hurtling out of the driver's seat, moving so fast
dialog: the everyone is paralyzed. It is a moment before we
dialog: recognize that it is SONNY.
text: His face is contorted with anger; in a split second he is on
text: the stoop and has CARLO by the throat.
text: He pulls CARLO away from the others, trying to get him down
text: into the street. But CARLO reaches out for the iron railing,
text: and hangs on, his hand in a lock, cringing away, trying to
text: hide his head and face in the hollow of the his shoulders.
text: His shirt is ripped away in SONNY's hand.
text: SALLY RAGS and COACH, merely sit, watching, stunned.
text: SONNY is pounding the cowered CARLO with all his strength,
text: in a continuous monologue of indistinguishable cursing. His
text: blows are powerful; and begin to draw blood.
text: The kids who have been playing stickball, move up, watching
dialog: in fascination.
text: CARLO's hands are clenched tight around the railing.
text: SONNY beats him mercilessly.
text: Now SONNY's bodyguards' car pulls up, and they too become
dialog: spectators.
text: SONNY's tight fists are going down like hammers, into
text: CARLO's face and body.
text: CARLO's nose is bleeding profusely; but still he does
text: nothing, other than hang onto the railing.
text: SONNY grabs hold of CARLO's massive body, and tries to drag
text: him off of the hold on the railing, his teeth clenched in
text: the effort. Then he tries loosening CARLO's locked hands;
text: even biting them. CARLO screams but he does not let go.
dialog: It's clear that CARLO is much stronger than he is, and will
text: not be moved. SONNY knees him in the mouth, and beats him
text: more; but he is exhausted. Totally out of breath, he
text: stammers haltingly to the bleeding CARLO.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: You...bastard...You...hurt my
dialog: sister... again...and I'll
dialog: kill...you.
text: He wipes the sweat from his face, and then turns suddenly.
text: and hurries back to the car, in a moment his car is gone,
text: leaving even his bodyguards in confusion. We notice ONE MAN
text: with a sports jacket in the group of spectators especially
dialog: interested.
text: CARLO finally relaxes the clenched, locked hands. He slumps
text: onto the stoop.
scene_heading: ---------------------------------------FADE OUT---------
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (SPRING 1946)
text: HIGH ANGLE on the Corleone Mall. It is a gray, rainy day.
text: Young BUTTON MEN in raincoats stand in quiet groups of
text: various points around the main house and compound. Things
text: have changed; one house has been extensively enlarged; a new
dialog: and secure gate house has been built. Security measures
dialog: that had been make-shift and temporarily have now been made
text: a permanent part of the Mall, evolving it into a Medieval
text: Fortress. We notice a huge crater in the courtyard; the
text: result of a recent bomb attempt. The house nearest the
text: crater is damaged by fire.
text: A taxi arrives; KAY ADAMS steps out, huddled in a bright
text: yellow raincoat; she lets the cab go, and hurries to the
dialog: shelter of the gate house.
text: They are not expecting her, and ask her to wait while they
dialog: call the main house.
text: KAY looks at the imposing, depressing Mall, while rain still
text: runs down onto her face.
text: She notices the bomb crater, and the fire damage; and the
text: sullen faces of the BUTTON MEN.
text: TOM HAGEN exits the Main House, and hurries toward her.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Kay, we weren't expecting you. You
dialog: should call...
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I've tried calling and writing. I
dialog: want to reach Michael.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Nobody knows where he is. We know
dialog: he's all right, but that's all.
text: KAY looks in the direction of the crater, filling with
dialog: rainwater.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: An accident. No one was hurt.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Listen Tom, I let my cab go; can I
dialog: come in to call another one?
text: TOM is clearly reluctant to involve her any more than he has
dialog: to.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Sure...I'm sorry.
text: They hurry through the rain and into the Main House.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S LIVING ROOM (SPRING 1946)
text: In the living room, KAY shakes the water from her coat and
text: takes her rainhat off.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Will you give this to him.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: If I accept that letter and you
dialog: told a Court of Law I accepted it,
dialog: they would interpret it as my
dialog: having knowledge of his whereabouts.
dialog: Just wait Kay, he'll contact you.
text: We hear footsteps descending the staircase; MAMA CORLEONE
text: enters the room; the OLD WOMAN squints at KAY, evaluating her.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: You're Mikey's little girl.
text: KAY nods yes; there are still tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: You eat anything?
text: KAY shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: (to HAGEN)
dialog: Disgrazia, you don't even give the
dialog: poor girl a cup of coffee?
text: HAGEN shrugs helplessly; on an impulse, KAY quickly moves
dialog: toward MAMA, the letter extended.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Will you give this letter to Michael.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Mama, no.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: You tell me what to do? Even he
dialog: don't tell me what to do.
text: She takes the letter from KAY, who is grateful and relieved.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Why did they blame Michael?
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: You listen to me, you go home to
dialog: your family, and you find a good
dialog: young man and get married. Forget
dialog: about Mikey; he's no good for you,
dialog: anymore.
text: She looks directly into KAY's eyes; and KAY understands what
dialog: that means.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: DON'S HOSPITAL (SPRING 1946)
text: A hospital in New York City. POLICE and teams of PRIVATE
text: DETECTIVES are stationed guarding the area. An ambulance
text: with a team of DETECTIVES and BUTTON-MEN GUARDS exit the
text: hospital with rifles in hand; followed by SEVERAL HOSPITAL
text: ASSISTANTS wheeling a hospital stretcher, presumably carrying
speaker_heading: the DON.
text: TESSIO and CLEMENZA emerge, with OTHER BUTTON MEN bringing
text: up the rear. HAGEN walks with the stretcher, and for a
text: moment they disappear behind the ambulance. Then suddenly,
text: siren blasting, it speeds off, accompanied by dark low-slung
dialog: cars.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (SPRING 1946)
dialog: The Corleone Mall.
text: Equally impressive security stands ready at the Corleone
scene_heading: Mall. EXTRA BUTTON MEN, as well as SOME POLICE, and PRIVATE
speaker_heading: DETECTIVES.
text: It all seems to be under the supervision of ROCCO LAMPONE.
text: All is silent. The WOMEN and CHILDREN, dressed in Sunday
dialog: clothes, wait.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: AMBULANCE (SPRING 1946)
text: One ambulance, speeding along the Grand Central Parkway,
text: preceded and followed by a dark car, each one carrying a
text: team of BUTTON MEN.
text: Sitting next to the DRIVER of the ambulance is a GUARD with
text: a rifle on his lap.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S HALL (SPRING 1946)
text: Inside the Main CORLEONE House:
text: Hospital ORDERLIES carry the DON on his stretcher carefully
text: under the watchful eyes of CLEMENZA, TESSIO, LAMPONE and
text: various GUARDS and BUTTON MEN.
dialog: All the CORLEONE family is here today: MAMA, FREDO, SANDRA,
scene_heading: THERESA, CONNIE, CARLO; the various CORLEONE CHILDREN.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S BEDROOM (SPRING 1946)
text: The DON is made comfortable in his room, which has all but
text: been converted into a hospital room, with complete and
text: extensive equipment. The various CHILDREN get a turn to
text: kiss the OLD MAN, as he is made comfortable... and then
text: SONNY indicates that all the CHILDREN, WOMEN, and CARLO
dialog: should leave.
text: They do, the door is closed.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S DINING ROOM (SPRING 1946)
text: The mood is quite happy downstairs, as the WOMEN prepare the
dialog: Sunday dinner, and set the table.
text: CARLO sits alone among them, a frown on his face.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: What's the matter, Carlo?
speaker_heading: CARLO
dialog: Shut up.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S BEDROOM (SPRING 1946)
text: All the MEN of the family stand around the hospital bed with
text: grim faces, SONNY and HAGEN closest to the OLD MAN. The DON
text: does not speak, yet he asks questions with his looks and
text: glances, as clearly as if they were verbalized. HAGEN is
dialog: the spokesman for the family.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: ...since McCluskey's killing, the
dialog: police have cracked down on most of
dialog: our operations...on the other
dialog: families too. There's been a lot
dialog: of bad blood.
text: The OLD MAN glances at SONNY.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Pop, they hit us and we hit them
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: We put out a lot of material
dialog: through our contacts in the
dialog: Newspapers...about McCluskey's
dialog: being tied up with Sollozzo in the
dialog: Drug Rackets...things are starting
dialog: to loosen up.
text: The OLD MAN nods.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Freddie's gonna go to Las
dialog: Vegas...under the protection of Don
dialog: Francesco of L.A. I want him to
dialog: rest...
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: I'm goin' to learn the casino
dialog: business.
text: The DON nods approvingly. Then he searches around the room
text: for a face he does not see. HAGEN knows who he's looking for.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Michael...
dialog: (he takes a breath)
dialog: It was Michael who killed Sollozzo.
text: The DON closes his eyes, and then reopens them in anger and
dialog: rage.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: He's safe now...we're already
dialog: working on ways to bring him back.
text: The DON is very angry, he motions with a weak hand that they
dialog: leave him alone.
scene_heading: INT. DAY: DON'S STAIRS AND HALL (SPRING 1946)
text: HAGEN is very upset as he comes down the Stairs; SONNY is
text: expansive and optimistic.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: We'll let the old man take it easy
dialog: for a couple of weeks. I want to
dialog: get things going good before he
dialog: gets better. What's the matter
dialog: with you?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: You start operating, the five
dialog: families will start their raids
dialog: again. We're at a stalemate Sonny,
dialog: your war is costing us a lot of
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: No more stalemate Tom, we got the
dialog: soldiers, we'll match them gun for
dialog: gun if that's how they want it.
dialog: They know me for what I am, Tom--
dialog: and they're scared of me.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Yes. That's true, you're getting a
dialog: hell of a reputation.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Well it's war! We might not be in
dialog: this shape if we had a real war-
dialog: time Consiglere, a Sicilian. Pop
dialog: had Genco, who do I have?
dialog: (TOM starts to leave)
dialog: Hey Tom, hey...hey. It's Sunday,
dialog: we're gonna have dinner. Don't be
dialog: sore.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S DINING ROOM (SPRING 1946)
text: The FAMILY, WIVES, CHILDREN and all sit around the table
text: over Sunday dinner. SONNY is at the head of the table.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (SPRING 1946)
text: SOME of the CORLEONE GRANDCHILDREN play in the enclosed
text: Mall, in the proximity of the BUTTON MEN stationed liberally
dialog: by the gate.
text: ONE CHILD misses a ball, it rolls by the gate house. A
text: young BUTTON MAN scoops it up and throws it back, smiling.
scene_heading: -----------------------------------------FADE OUT-------
scene_heading: INT DAY: CONNIE'S APT. (SPRING 1946)
text: CONNIE and CARLO's apartment. She's in a slip, on the phone.
dialog: We HEAR the shower going in the bathroom.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: GIRL (O.S.)
dialog: (giggle)
dialog: I'm a friend of Carlo's. I just
dialog: wanted to tell him I can't see him
dialog: tonight; I have to go out of town.
text: CONNIE's face turns red.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You lousy tramp bitch.
dialog: (click)
text: She slams the phone down; just as CARLO is coming out of the
text: bathroom drying his golden body.
speaker_heading: CARLO
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Your girl friend. She says she
dialog: can't make it tonight. You lousy
dialog: bastard you have the nerve to give
dialog: your whores my telephone number.
dialog: I'll kill you, you bastard!
text: She hauls off and punches him knowingly; he laughs, so then
text: she flings herself at him, kicking and scratching; her heavy
text: belly heaving under the thin slip.
speaker_heading: CARLO
dialog: (defending himself)
dialog: You're crazy. She was kidding
dialog: around; I don't know, some nut.
text: He pushes her aside, and moves into the bedroom to continue
dialog: dressing.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You're staying home. You're not
dialog: going out.
speaker_heading: CARLO
dialog: OK, OK. You gonna make me something
dialog: to eat at least?
text: That calms her down; she stands there a moment, breathing
text: heavily; and then she nods, and goes into the kitchen, and
text: starts her wifely duties.
text: CARLO is dressed; puts on some cologne; CONNIE appears in
dialog: the doorway.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
text: The food is on the table.
speaker_heading: CARLO
dialog: I'm not hungry yet.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
text: Eat it, it's on the table.
speaker_heading: CARLO
dialog: Ba Fa Goulle.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: BA FA GOULE YOU!
text: She turns deliberately, goes out into the kitchen. A moment
text: later we begin to hear the sound of dishes breaking. CARLO
text: slowly walks out, where we can see CONNIE systematically
text: smashing all the dishes against the sink, sending the greasy
text: veal and peppers all over the apartment floor.
speaker_heading: CARLO
dialog: You filthy guinea spoiled brat.
dialog: Clean it up or I'll kick your head
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Like hell I will.
text: She stands there, solid, ready to punch him again. Slowly,
text: he slides his belt out of his trousers, and doubles it in
dialog: his hand.
speaker_heading: CARLO
dialog: Clean it up!
text: He swings the belt against her heavy hips. She moves back
text: into the kitchen, and gets a kitchen knife, and holds it
dialog: ready.
speaker_heading: CARLO
dialog: Even the female Corleones are
dialog: murderers.
text: He puts the strap down on a table, and moves after her. She
text: makes a sudden thrust at his groin, which he avoids. He
text: pulls the knife away, cutting his hand in the process. She
text: gets away momentarily, but he pursues her around the table,
text: gets her; and starts to slap her in the face.
text: She breaks away from him, and rushes into the bedroom.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: The baby! The baby!
scene_heading: INT DAY: CONNIE'S BEDROOM (SPRING 1946)
text: She runs into the bedroom; he follows. She moves into a
text: corner, and then like a desperate animal, tries to hide
text: under the bed.
text: He reaches under, and pulls her out by the hair.
text: He slaps her in the face until she begins to weep; then he
text: throws her on the bed, contemptuously. He grabs part of her
text: thigh, pinching it very hard.
speaker_heading: CARLO
dialog: You're fat as a pig.
text: Then he pushes her away, and walks out of the room, leaving
text: her in tears. She is crying; she pulls herself to the
text: bedroom phone, and in a whisper:
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Mama...mama, it's Connie. Mama, I
dialog: can't talk any louder. No, I don't
dialog: want to talk to Sonny.
text: We can tell that the phone has been passed to SONNY.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S KITCHEN (SPRING 1946)
text: In the kitchen at the Mall, MAMA cannot understand the
text: whispering and she has given the phone to SONNY.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Yeah Connie.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (O.S.)
dialog: Sonny, just send a car to bring me
dialog: home. I'll tell you then, it's
dialog: nothing Sonny, don't you come.
dialog: Send TOM, please Sonny, it's
dialog: nothing; I just want to come home.
text: SONNY's face is turning red.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (in a controlled voice)
dialog: You wait there. You just wait there.
text: He hangs up the phone; and just stands there for a moment.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: That sonofabitch; that sonofabitch...
text: HAGEN enters the room; he knows what is happening, knows he
dialog: cannot interfere.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL
text: SONNY leaves the house. HAGEN moves to the outside mall
text: just as SONNY's car is driving off. He moves to a group of
speaker_heading: BUTTON MEN.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Go after him.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: CAUSEWAY (SPRING 1946)
text: SONNY's car on the Jones Beach Causeway, speeds quickly by.
text: After a pause, another car, with the CORLEONE BODYGUARDS, is
dialog: trailing.
text: SONNY is driving; he is very angry.
speaker_heading: EXT NITE: TOLL BOOTHS (SPRING 1946)
text: SONNY in his car; driving back. Still breathing hard and
text: still furious. Then he thinks it's funny; he enjoyed it.
text: He starts laughing, louder and louder, as he pulls up to a
text: toll booth, stops, and extends his hand with a coin to the
speaker_heading: COLLECTOR.
scene_heading: ---------------------------------------FADE OUT---------
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT NITE: AMERIGO BONASERA'S APARTMENT
text: The serious-faced UNDERTAKER is on the telephone.
speaker_heading: HAGEN (O.S.)
dialog: This is Tom Hagen. I'm calling for
dialog: Don Corleone, at his request.
text: BONASERA looks at his WIFE, with deep anxiety in his eyes.
text: BONASERA's lips are suddenly dry.
speaker_heading: BONASERA
dialog: Yes, I understand. I'm listening.
speaker_heading: HAGEN (O.S.)
dialog: You owe the Don a service. In one
dialog: hour, not before, perhaps later, he
dialog: will be at your funeral parlor to
dialog: ask for your help. Be there to
dialog: greet him. If you have any
dialog: objections speak now, and I'll
dialog: inform him.
text: Silence. BONASERA stutters, then speaks in fright.
speaker_heading: BONASERA
dialog: Anything...Anything the Godfather
dialog: wishes.
speaker_heading: HAGEN (O.S.)
dialog: Good. He never doubted you.
speaker_heading: BONASERA
dialog: The Don himself is coming to me
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: HAGEN (O.S.)
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (click)
text: BONASERA is sweating; slowly he lowers the phone; his WIFE
text: sees his pale expression, and follows him into the room.
text: Silently, he begins the ritual of dressing. His WIFE knows
text: something serious is happening, and never takes her eyes
text: from him. He lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: BONASERA
dialog: For the last year, they have been
dialog: killing one another. So now, what?
dialog: Your Godfather comes to me...Why?
dialog: (whispering, slyly)
dialog: They've killed someone so important
dialog: that they wish to make his body
dialog: disappear.
speaker_heading: MRS. BONASERA
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: Amerigo!
speaker_heading: BONASERA
dialog: They could make me an accomplice to
dialog: their murder. They could send me
dialog: to jail!
text: He slips into his trousers. Then he moves to his WIFE to
text: tie his tie, as she has done for years.
speaker_heading: BONASERA
dialog: And if the other families find
dialog: out...they will make me their enemy.
dialog: They could come here to our house.
dialog: I curse the day I ever went to the
dialog: Godfather.
speaker_heading: EXT NITE: FUNERAL PARLOR (SPRING 1946)
text: With his ring of keys, he opens the funeral parlor, enters.
speaker_heading: INT NITE: FUNERAL PARLOR (SPRING 1946)
text: BONASERA walks through the darkened funeral parlor, without
text: turning on the lights; then into the rear, preparation room,
text: past the tables, and equipment. He operates the chain that
text: lifts a large overhead garage type door. And looks out into
dialog: the alley.
text: He sits on a bench, and waits.
scene_heading: EXT NITE: FUNERAL PARLOR ALLEY (SPRING 1946)
text: The tires of a car roll very quietly along the small alley;
text: we notice a dark car approach the rear of BONASERA's funeral
dialog: parlor.
text: CLEMENZA gets out, and moves to the open, rear door.
text: BONASERA greets him, too petrified to speak. He notices TWO
text: OTHER MEN get out of the car, and carry a stretcher with a
text: CORPSE swaddled in a gray blanket, with yellowed feet
dialog: protruding.
text: BONASERA closes his eyes in fear, but indicates which way
dialog: the MEN should carry their sinister burden.
scene_heading: INT NITE: FUNERAL PARLOR EMBALMING ROOM (SPRING 1946)
text: They carry the CORPSE to one of the tables in the embalming
dialog: room.
text: Then BONASERA turns to see ANOTHER MAN step out of the
text: darkness somewhat uncertainly. It is DON CORLEONE.
text: He walks up to BONASERA, very close, without speaking. His
text: cold eyes looking directly at the frightened UNDERTAKER.
text: Then, after a long gaze:
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Well my friend, are you ready to do
dialog: me this service?
text: BONASERA nods. The DON moves to the CORPSE on the embalming
text: table; he makes a gesture, and the OTHER MEN leave them alone.
speaker_heading: BONASERA
dialog: What do you wish me to do?
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: (staring at the table)
dialog: I want you to use all your powers,
dialog: all your skill, as you love me. I
dialog: do not want his mother to see him
dialog: as he is.
text: He draws down the gray blanket.
text: BONASERA lets out a gasp of horror at what he sees:
text: The bullet-smashed face of SONNY CORLEONE.
speaker_heading: EXT NITE: TOLL BOOTHS (SPRING 1946)
text: SONNY extends his hand with a coin at the toll booth.
text: A car suddenly swerves in front of him, trapping him in the
text: booth, and in incredible rally of machine gun fire greets
text: him, coming through and smashing the windows of the toll
text: booths on both side of him, and from the front window of the
text: car blocking him.
text: The windows of his car are shot out.
text: Bullet holes puncture the doors of his car.
text: His hand, with the coin in it, falls inside the car.
text: His arms, shoulders are riddled by the fire, and still it
text: continues, as though the ASSASSINS cannot take a chance that
dialog: he will survive it.
text: Suddenly, he lets out an enormous ROAR, like a bull, and
text: actually, opens the door, and steps out of the car, UNDER
dialog: fire.
text: His face is hit; and finally he falls to the ground.
text: A FULL SHOT...as the ASSASSINS scramble for their cars and
text: make off in the distance.
text: SONNY's BODYGUARDS stop a safe distance away, realizing they
dialog: are too late.
scene_heading: INT NITE: DON'S LIVING ROOM (SPRING 1946)
text: View on HAGEN's ashen face in the living room. He is silent
dialog: a moment, and then:
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: OK. Go to Clemenza's house and
dialog: tell him to come here right away.
dialog: He'll tell you what to do.
text: The MEN leave him alone. He is quiet, standing in the
text: middle of the living room a moment. He looks in the
text: direction of the kitchen, where he can see fragments of MAMA
dialog: moving around.
speaker_heading: INT NITE: UPSTAIRS (SPRING 1946)
text: TOM proceeds up stairs, and quietly in the direction of the
text: DON's room. He opens the DON's door. Looks in.
scene_heading: INT NITE: DON'S BEDROOM (SPRING 1946)
text: The DON in his hospital bed. Asleep under sedation. HAGEN
text: hesitates. He cannot go in; he cannot tell the OLD MAN. He
text: closes the door.
speaker_heading: INT NITE: DON'S OFFICE (SPRING 1946)
text: HAGEN alone in the office. He is drinking. He looks up at
text: the sound of cars; the CAPOREGIMES are arriving. Then he
text: hears footsteps.
text: The door opens; and in a robe, with slippers, DON CORLEONE
text: slowly enters the room. He walks directly to his stuffed
text: armchair, sits down. His face is stern, as he looks into
text: HAGEN's eyes.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Give me a drop of anisette.
text: HAGEN rises, and pours a glass for the OLD MAN.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: My wife was weeping before she fell
dialog: asleep, outside my window I saw my
text: caporegimes to the house, and it is
dialog: midnight. So, Consigliere of mine,
dialog: I think you should tell your Don
dialog: what everyone knows.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I didn't tell Mama anything. I was
dialog: about to come up and wake you and
dialog: tell you. Just now.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: But you needed a drink first.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Now you've had your drink.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: They shot Sonny on the Causeway.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: He's dead.
text: DON CORLEONE blinks. One feels that just for a second he
text: loses all physical strength; he clasps his hands in front of
text: him on the top of the desk and looks into HAGEN's eyes.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: I want no inquiries made. No acts
dialog: of vengeance.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Consigliere, arrange a meeting with
dialog: the heads of the five
dialog: families...this war stops now.
text: He rises and unsteadily leaves the room, turns...
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Call Bonasera...he will do me a
dialog: service.
text: And leaves. HAGEN moves to the phone; dials...
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: This is Tom Hagen; I'm calling for
dialog: Don Corleone, at his request.
speaker_heading: BONASERA (O.S.)
dialog: Yes, I understand I'm listening.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: You owe the Don a service. He has
dialog: no doubt that you will repay it.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: BANK BUILDING (SPRING 1946)
text: Day in Manhattan. An impressive Bank Building in the
text: financial center of New York. Many limousines are parked,
text: uniforms and plain-clothed CHAUFFEURS waiting quietly.
speaker_heading: INT DAY: BOARD ROOM (SPRING 1946)
text: The Board Room of a bank, daylight shines in the windows.
text: CARLO TRAMONTI, an impressive, handsome middle-aged man,
text: sits quietly, smoking a Di Napoli cigar, OUR VIEW moves to a
text: MAN sitting to his left, and a little to the rear, and
text: settles on JOSEPH ZALUCHI, a moon-faced amiable-looking man;
text: as the view continues, around the table, we HEAR:
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE (O.S.)
dialog: I want to thank you all for coming.
dialog: I consider it a service done to me
dialog: personally and I am in the debt of
dialog: each and every one of you.
dialog: Especially those of you who have
dialog: traveled from such distances as
dialog: California, St. Louis, Kansas City;
dialog: and New Orleans...
text: The VIEW PASSES to FRANK FALCONE and ANTHONY MOLINARI, both
text: younger than any of the others; then on to DOMENICK PANZA,
text: short and squat sitting in a wheelchair; then around the
text: table to DON VINCENENZO FORLENZA, who is whispering to his
text: JEWISH ASSISTANT; the VIEW PASSES on to ANTHONY STRACCI, an
text: older man, sipping from a drink and smoking a cigar; OTTILIO
text: CUNEO, in his middle sixties with a jolly round face; then
text: DON PHILLIP TATTAGLIA, a delicate older man with dyed hair
text: and a pencil mustache; and finally, EMILIO BARZINI, in his
dialog: early sixties, a man to 'respect'; whom we had seen at
speaker_heading: CONNIE's Wedding.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Ah well, let's get down to business.
dialog: We are all honorable men here, we
dialog: don't have to give assurances as if
dialog: we were lawyers.
text: (he sits, gazes out
dialog: at them, and sighs)
dialog: How did things ever go so far?
dialog: Well, no matter. A lot of
text: foolishness has come to pass. It
dialog: was so unfortunate, so unnecessary.
text: The VIEW examines the room once again, as the DON speaks. A
text: large, clicking board is changing numbers at various times,
text: and two tapes, showing the fluctuations of the Market during
text: the day's trading, and projected above.
text: DON CORLEONE pauses; and TOM HAGEN hands him a cold drink.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Tattaglia has lost a son; I have
dialog: lost a son. We are quits. Let
dialog: there be a peace...
dialog: (he gestures
dialog: expressively,
dialog: submissively, with
dialog: his hands)
dialog: That is all I want...
speaker_heading: BARZINI
dialog: Don Corleone is too modest. He had
dialog: the judges and politicians in his
dialog: pocket and he refused to share them.
dialog: His refusal is not the act of a
text: friend. He takes the bread out of
dialog: the mouths of our families. Times
dialog: have changed, it's not like the old
dialog: days where everyone can go his own
dialog: way. If Don Corleone had all the
dialog: judges and politicians in New York,
dialog: then he must share them or let
dialog: others use them. Certainly he can
dialog: present a bill for such services,
dialog: we're not Communists, after all.
dialog: But he has to let us draw water
dialog: from the well. It's that simple.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: My friends, I didn't refuse out of
dialog: malice. You all know me. When
dialog: have I ever refused an accommodation?
dialog: But why, this time? Because I
dialog: think this drug business will
dialog: destroy us in the years to come.
dialog: It's not like whiskey or gambling
dialog: or even women which most people
dialog: want and is forbidden them by the
dialog: pezzonovante of the Church and the
dialog: Government. But drugs? No. Even
dialog: policemen, who help us in gambling
dialog: and other things would refuse to
dialog: help us in drugs. But...I am
dialog: willing to do whatever all of you
dialog: think is necessary.
speaker_heading: DON ZALUCHI
dialog: I don't believe in drugs. For
dialog: years I paid my people extra so
dialog: they wouldn't do that kind of
dialog: business...$200 a week. But it
dialog: didn't matter. Somebody comes to
dialog: them and says, "I have powders, if
dialog: you put up three, four thousand
dialog: dollar investment, we can make
dialog: fifty thousand distributing." Who
dialog: can resist such a profit?
dialog: There's no way to control it, as a
dialog: business...to keep it respectable.
dialog: (rapping the table)
dialog: I don't want it near schools! I
dialog: don't want it sold to children.
dialog: That is an infamita.
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: In my city I would try to keep the
dialog: traffic in the dark people, the
dialog: colored. They are the best
dialog: customers, the least troublesome,
dialog: and they are animals anyway. They
dialog: have no respect for their wives or
dialog: their families or themselves. Let
dialog: them lose their souls with drugs.
dialog: But something has to be done, we
dialog: can't have everybody running around
dialog: doing just what they please, like a
dialog: bunch of anarchists.
speaker_heading: BARZINI
dialog: Then, are we agreed; the traffic in
dialog: drugs will be permitted, but
dialog: controlled; and Don Corleone agrees
dialog: to give it protection in the East.
text: DON CORLEONE nods.
speaker_heading: BARZINI
dialog: That's the whole matter then, we
dialog: have the peace, and let me pay my
dialog: respects to Don Corleone, whom we
dialog: have all known over the years as a
dialog: man of his word.
speaker_heading: (noticing TATTAGLIA
dialog: is uneasy)
dialog: Don Philip?
speaker_heading: TATTAGLIA
dialog: I agree to everything here, I'm
dialog: willing to forget my own misfortune.
dialog: But I must hear strict assurance
dialog: from Corleone. When time goes by
dialog: and his position becomes stronger,
dialog: will he attempt any individual
dialog: vengeance?
text: They all look at the DON; especially HAGEN, who feels that
dialog: DON CORLEONE has given a great deal, and must have something
text: else in mind. Slowly the DON rises.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: I forego my vengeance for my dead
dialog: son, for the common good. But I
dialog: have selfish reasons. My youngest
dialog: son had to flee, accused of
dialog: Sollozzo's murder, and I must now
dialog: make arrangements so that he can
dialog: come home with safety, cleared of
dialog: all those false charges. That is
dialog: my affair, and I will make those
dialog: arrangements.
dialog: (with strength)
dialog: But I am a superstitious man...and
dialog: so if some unlucky accident should
dialog: befall my youngest son, if some
dialog: police officer should accidentally
dialog: shoot him, or if he should hang
dialog: himself in his cell, or if my son
text: is struck by a bolt of lightning,
dialog: then I will blame some of the
dialog: people here. That, I could never
dialog: forgive, but...aside from that, let
dialog: me swear by the souls of my
dialog: Grandchildren that I will never be
dialog: the one to break the peace we have
dialog: made.
speaker_heading: EXT NITE: DON'S LIMO (SPRING 1946)
text: The DON's black limousine. He sits quietly in the padded
text: rear seat; TOM HAGEN next to him.
text: It is night. Lights flash by them every so often.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: When I meet with Tattaglia's
dialog: people; should I insist that all
dialog: his drug middle-men be clean?
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Mention it, don't insist. Barzini
dialog: is a man who will know that without
dialog: being told.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: You mean Tattaglia.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Barzini.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (a revelation)
dialog: He was the one behind Sollozzo?
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Tattaglia is a pimp. He could
dialog: never have outfought Santino. But
dialog: I wasn't sure until this day. No,
dialog: it was Barzini all along.
text: The black limousine speeds away from us in the night.
scene_heading: ------------------------------------------FADE OUT------
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT DAY: ESTABLISHING SICILY SHOT
text: A CLOSE VIEW OF MICHAEL, moving as he walks, sullen and
text: downcast, the left side of his face healed, but left
text: grotesque and misshapen.
text: GRADUALLY, THE VIEW LOOSENS, he wears a warm navy Pea
text: jacket, and walks with his hands in his pockets.
text: THE VIEW LOOSENS FURTHER, revealing a Sicilian SHEPHERD on
text: either side of him, each carrying a shotgun slung over his
text: shoulder, CALO, a squat and husky young man with a simple
text: honest quality, and FABRIZZIO, slender and handsome, likable,
text: and with a pleasing build. Each of the SHEPHERDS carry
dialog: knapsacks.
text: The THREE YOUNG MEN continue over the Sicilian landscape,
text: overlooking an impressive view of land and sea.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: SICILY ROAD
text: The THREE move through a flock of wind-blown sheep, and make
text: their way to a dusty rural road. We HEAR a rinky horn
text: sound, as a pre-war Italian automobile makes its way to them.
text: An OLD MAN peeks from the window, waving to MICHAEL. The
text: car pulls in front of them and stops. MICHAEL nods
dialog: respectfully.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Don Tommassino.
speaker_heading: DON TOMMASSINO
dialog: Michael, why must you do this. We
dialog: have been lucky so far, all these
dialog: months you've been here we've kept
dialog: your name a secret. It is from
dialog: love for your father that I've
dialog: asked you never to more than an
dialog: hour from the Villa.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Calo and Fabrizzio are with me;
dialog: nothing will happen.
speaker_heading: DON TOMMASSINO
dialog: You must understand that your
dialog: Father's enemies have friends in
dialog: Palermo.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: DON TOMMASSINO
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Corleone.
speaker_heading: DON TOMMASSINO
text: There is nothing there. Not anymore.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I was told that my Grandfather was
dialog: murdered on its main street; and
dialog: his murderers came to kill my
dialog: father there when he was twelve
dialog: years old.
speaker_heading: DON TOMMASSINO
dialog: Long ago. Now there is nothing:
dialog: the men killed each other in family
dialog: vendettas...the others escaped to
dialog: America.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Don Tommassino...I should see this
dialog: place.
text: DON TOMMASSINO thinks a moment, then concedes.
speaker_heading: DON TOMMASSINO
dialog: That is your birthright...but
dialog: Michael, use this car.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No...I would like to walk to
dialog: Corleone.
text: The OLD MAN sighs, and then returns to his car.
speaker_heading: DON TOMMASSINO
dialog: Be careful Michael, don't let them
dialog: know your name.
text: The old car sputters off; MICHAEL watches, and then continues
dialog: on his journey.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: COUNTRYSIDE
text: The THREE pass through abundant areas of flowers and fruit
text: trees, in bloom and bursting with life.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: VILLAGE
text: They continue in the empty streets of a little town; the
dialog: post-war poverty is evident in the skinny dogs; and the
text: empty streets. Occasionally, a military vehicle, the only
dialog: gasoline-powered vehicles on the road, will pass. And there
text: are many POLICE evident, most of them carrying machine guns.
text: The THREE pass under an enormous banner slung over the main
text: road "VOTA COMMUNISTA".
scene_heading: EXT DAY: COUNTRY ROAD
text: They continue through dusty country roads, where occasionally
text: a donkey pulling a cart, or a lone horseman will pass them.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: FIELD
text: Out in a field, in the distance, they come upon a procession
dialog: of peasants and activists, perhaps two hundred strong,
text: marching, and singing, and in the lead, are five or six men
text: carrying billowing red banners.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: GROVE
text: They are in an orange grove; on the other side of the trees
text: is a deep, tall field of wild flowers.
text: The Shepherds unsling their guns and knapsacks, and take out
text: loaves of bread, some wine, sausage and cheese.
text: MICHAEL rests against a tree, and uses his handkerchief.
speaker_heading: FABRIZZIO
dialog: You tell us about America.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: How do you know I come from America?
speaker_heading: FABRIZZIO
dialog: We hear. We were told you were a
dialog: Pezzonovanta...big shot.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Only the son of a Pezzonovanta.
speaker_heading: FABRIZZIO
dialog: Hey America! Is she as rich as
dialog: they say?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: FABRIZZIO
dialog: Take me to America! You need a
dialog: good lupara in America?
dialog: (pats his shotgun)
dialog: You take me, I'll be the best man
dialog: you got. "Oh say, can you
dialog: seeee...By da star early light..."
text: MICHAEL laughs.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: ANOTHER ROAD
text: The TRIO continues down a dirt road, as an American Military
text: convoy speeds by; FABRIZZIO waves, and calls out to each of
text: the U.S. drivers, as they move by.
speaker_heading: FABRIZZIO
dialog: America.
dialog: Hey America!
dialog: Take me with you!
dialog: Hey, take me to America G.I.!
scene_heading: EXT DAY: CORLEONE HILL
text: They continue their long hike, high on a promentory; until
text: they hesitate, and look down.
speaker_heading: CALO
dialog: Corleone.
text: They can see a grim Sicilian village, almost devoid of people.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: CORLEONE STREET
text: MICHAEL and his bodyguards move through the empty streets of
text: the village. They walk behind him, and spread to either
text: side about fifteen feet away from him.
text: They move down ancient steps, past an old stone fountain.
text: MICHAEL hesitates, cups his hands and drinks some water.
dialog: They go on.
text: They move up a very narrow old street. MICHAEL looks at the
text: doorways that they pass.
text: MOVING VIEW: Each door has a plaque, with a ribbon or flower.
text: CALO sees MICHAEL looking.
speaker_heading: CALO
dialog: The names of the dead.
text: MICHAEL hesitates in the center of the main street. He looks.
text: The street is empty, barren. Occasionally, an old woman
dialog: will pass.
text: MICHAEL turns his head.
text: The other side of the street: empty and deathly.
text: A HIGH VIEW of MICHAEL standing in the center of the old
text: street, the shepherds a respectful distance away.
scene_heading: -------------------------------------FADE OUT-----------
scene_heading: EXT DAY: BARONIAL ESTATE
text: A green ribboned field of a baronial Estate. Further ahead
text: is a villa so Roman it looks as though it had just been
text: discovered in the ruins of Pompeii. There is a group of
text: young village GIRLS accompanied by two stocky MATRONS,
text: dressed in black. They have been gathering the pink sulla,
text: purple wisteria, and mixing them with orange and lemon
text: blossoms. They are singing, off in the distance as they work.
text: MICHAEL, CALO and FABRIZZIO are silent as they watch this
dialog: Fantasy-like scene.
speaker_heading: FABRIZZIO
dialog: (calling out to them)
dialog: Hey, beautiful girls!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: Shhhhh.
text: He settles down to watch.
text: The GIRLS are dressed in cheap gaily painted frocks that
text: cling to their bodies. They are still in their teens, but
dialog: developed and womanly.
text: They are moving along the fields, picking blossoms, not
text: aware of the three men watching them from the orange grove.
text: Three or four of the girls begin chasing one of them
text: playfully, in the direction of the grove.
text: The GIRL being chased holds a bunch of purple grapes in her
text: left hand and with the right, picks more grapes, and throws
text: them back at her pursuers laughing.
text: They come closer and closer. Just short of the grove, she
text: poses, startled, her large, oval shaped eyes catching the
text: view of the THREE MEN. She stands there on her toes about
dialog: to run.
text: MICHAEL sees her; now face to face. He looks.
text: Her face. Incredibly beautiful with olive skin, black hair
text: and a rich mouth.
speaker_heading: FABRIZZIO
dialog: (murmuring)
dialog: Jesus Christ, take my soul. I'm
dialog: dying.
text: Quickly, she turns, and runs away.
text: MICHAEL stands up never taking his eyes from her. We hold
text: on him for a long while; and eventually hear the SHEPHERDS
text: laughing. Then he turns to them.
speaker_heading: FABRIZZIO
dialog: You got hit by the thunderbolt, eh?
text: CALO pats him on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: CALO
dialog: Easy man.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: FABRIZZIO
dialog: You can't hide it when you're hit
text: by the thunderbolt.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: BARONIAL VILLAGE
text: The little village built attendant to the Baronial Estate,
text: is decked with the flowers the girls had been picking.
text: MICHAEL, followed by the bodyguards, moves into the central
text: square, and onto the balcony of a little cafe.
text: The proprietor of the cafe, VITELLI, is a short burly man;
text: he greets them cheerfully, and sets a dish of chickpeas at
dialog: their table.
speaker_heading: FABRIZZIO
dialog: You know all the girls in this
dialog: town, eh? We saw some beauties
text: coming down the road. One in
dialog: particular got our friend hit with
dialog: the Thunderbolt...
dialog: (he indicates MICHAEL)
text: VITELLI gives a big knowing laugh, and looks at MICHAEL with
dialog: new interest.
speaker_heading: VITELLI
dialog: You had better bring a few bottles
dialog: home with you, my friend; you'll
dialog: need help sleeping tonight.
dialog: (he laughs)
speaker_heading: FABRIZZIO
dialog: This one could seduce the devil. A
text: body! and eyes as big and black as
dialog: olives.
speaker_heading: VITELLI
dialog: (laughing with
dialog: them...pouring more wine)
dialog: I know about what you mean!
speaker_heading: FABRIZZIO
dialog: This was a beauty. Right, Calo?
speaker_heading: VITELLI
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Beautiful all over, eh?
speaker_heading: FABRIZZIO
text: And hair. Black and curly, like a
dialog: doll. And such a mouth.
text: VITELLI does not laugh quite so much.
speaker_heading: VITELLI
dialog: Yes, we have beautiful girls here...
dialog: but virtuous.
text: VITELLI is no longer drinking with them.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: She wore a red dress, and a red
text: ribbon in her hair. She looks more
dialog: Greek than Italian. Do you know a
dialog: beauty like that?
text: As MICHAEL describes her, VITELLI laughed less and less,
text: until he wears a scowl.
speaker_heading: VITELLI
dialog: No.
text: Then he curtly leaves him, and walks into the back room.
speaker_heading: FABRIZZIO
dialog: God in Heaven, I think I
dialog: understand...
text: He goes into the back room after the innkeeper. Then he
dialog: returns.
speaker_heading: FABRIZZIO
dialog: Let's get out of here; he's boiling
dialog: up his blood to do us mischief.
dialog: It's his daughter.
text: They start to leave; but MICHAEL doesn't move.
speaker_heading: CALO
dialog: Come quickly.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Innkeeper. More wine!
speaker_heading: FABRIZZIO
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: The old bastard mentioned two sons
dialog: he only has to whistle up.
text: MICHAEL turns to FABRIZZIO with his cold authority.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Tell him to come to me.
text: The two BODYGUARDS shoulder their luparas, and disappear in
text: a moment they return with the red-faced angry VITELLI
dialog: between them.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I understand I've offended you by
dialog: talking about your daughter. I
dialog: offer you my apologies, I'm a
dialog: stranger in this country, I don't
dialog: know the customs very well. Let me
dialog: say this, I meant no disrespect to
dialog: you or her...
text: CALO and FABRIZZIO are impressed.
speaker_heading: VITELLI
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Who are you and what do you want
dialog: from my daughter?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I am an American hiding in Sicily
dialog: from the police of my country. My
dialog: name is Michael. You can inform
dialog: the police and make your fortune
dialog: but then your daughter would lose a
dialog: father rather than gain a husband.
dialog: In any case, I want to meet your
dialog: daughter. With your permission and
dialog: under the supervision of your
dialog: family. With all decorum. With
dialog: all respect. I am an honorable man.
text: CALO and FABRIZZIO are stupefied; VITELLI pauses, and then
dialog: asks:
speaker_heading: VITELLI
dialog: Are you a friend of the friends?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: When the proper time comes, I'll
dialog: tell you everything that a wife's
dialog: father should know.
speaker_heading: FABRIZZIO
dialog: It's the real Thunderbolt, then.
speaker_heading: VITELLI
dialog: (formally)
dialog: Come Sunday morning: My name is
dialog: Vitelli and my house is up there on
text: the hill, above the village.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Your daughter's name?
speaker_heading: VITELLI
dialog: Appolonia.
scene_heading: -------------------------------------FADE OUT-----------
scene_heading: EXT DAY: TOMMASSINO COURTYARD
text: MUSIC comes up; as MICHAEL, dressed in new clothes from
text: Palermo, and carrying a stack of wrapped gifts, gets into an
text: Alfa Romeo. CALO and FABRIZZIO each dressed in their Sunday
text: best, are in the rear seat, huddled together, with their
text: luparas on their shoulders.
text: DON TOMMASSINO waves them off, as the little car drives off,
text: rocky and bouncing on the dirt road.
text: The Sunday churchbells ring.
scene_heading: --------------------------------------DISSOLVE----------
scene_heading: EXT DAY: VITELLI HOUSE
dialog: MICHAEL is presented to each of the Vitelli relatives, by
dialog: the yard of their little hilltop house; the BROTHERS; the
text: MOTHER, who is given a gift; several UNCLES and AUNTS.
text: Finally APPOLONIA enters, dressed beautifully in appropriate
text: Sunday clothing. Now he presents the wrapped gift to
text: APPOLONIA. She looks at her MOTHER, who with a nod gives
text: her permission to open it. She unwraps it. Her eyes light
text: at the sight of a heavy gold chain; to be worn as a necklace.
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: APPOLONIA
dialog: Grazia.
scene_heading: --------------------------------------DISSOLVE----------
scene_heading: EXT DAY: VITELLI CAFE
text: Now the little Alpha drives into the village near VITELLI's
dialog: cafe.
text: MICHAEL is, as ever, accompanied with his two BODYGUARDS,
text: though they are all dressed differently.
text: They go up to the cafe...and sit with VITELLI, who is
text: talking and talking.
text: MICHAEL looks at APPOLONIA; who sits, respectfully quiet.
text: She wears the gold necklace around her neck.
scene_heading: --------------------------------------DISSOLVE----------
scene_heading: EXT DAY: HILLTOP NEAR VITELLI HOME
text: MICHAEL and APPOLONIA are walking through a hilltop path,
text: seemingly alone, although a respectful distance apart.
text: As the VIEW PANS with them, we notice that her MOTHER and a
text: half dozen AUNTS are twenty paces behind them, and ten paces
text: further behind are CALO and FABRIZZIO, their luparas on
dialog: their shoulders.
text: Further up the hill, APPOLONIA stumbles on a loose stone,
text: and falls briefly onto MICHAEL's arm. She modestly regains
text: her balance, and they continue walking.
text: Behind them, her MOTHER giggles to herself.
scene_heading: --------------------------------------DISSOLVE----------
scene_heading: EXT DAY: VITELLI VILLAGE CHURCH
text: Church bells in an ancient belfry ring out. Music, old and
text: dissonant, plays.
text: There is a bridal procession in the street of the village;
dialog: the same in feeling and texture as it might have been five
dialog: hundred years ago.
text: Donkeys and other animals have been decorated with abundant
text: flowers; children carrying candles and wearing white
text: confirmation gowns walk in the procession, followed by
text: countless townspeople, members of the clergy, even the police.
dialog: We present the entire bridal procession and ceremony with
dialog: all the ritual and pageantry, as it has always been, in
dialog: Sicily.
dialog: APPOLONIA is radiant as the Bride; MICHAEL is handsome
text: despite the grotesque jaw and occasional white handkerchief.
scene_heading: --------------------------------------DISSOLVE----------
scene_heading: EXT NITE: VITELLI VILLAGE SQUARE
text: CALO and FABRIZZIO dance wildly through the night of the
text: great wedding celebration. It is held in the Village
text: Square; under the watchful eyes of SHEPHERDS above on the
text: tops of buildings, carrying luparas.
scene_heading: --------------------------------------DISSOLVE----------
scene_heading: INT NITE: MICHAEL'S ROOM IN VILLA
text: MICHAEL opens the shutters in his darkened room; moonlight
text: fills the room.
text: He turns, and there, in her wedding slip, is APPOLONIA. A
dialog: little frightened; but lovely.
text: He moves to her; and for a moment just stands before her,
text: looking at her incredible face; her lovely hair and body.
text: Slowly and tenderly he kisses her. Her tiny hands come up
text: to his face; touch his cheek and embrace him.
text: She lets her bridal slip fall to the floor.
scene_heading: --------------------------------------FADE OUT----------
scene_heading: INT DAY: MICHAEL'S ROOM AT VILLA
text: Morning. MICHAEL sits on the window ledge, gazing into the
dialog: room.
text: APPOLONIA is asleep; she is naked, and only partially
text: covered by the bedsheets.
text: He looks at her for a long time in the early morning light.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: TOMMASSINO COURTYARD
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLE ON DON TOMMASSINO'S VILLA
dialog: We HEAR girlish laughter; the little Alpha is driving
text: erratically, knocking down an occasional wall, and almost
text: hitting th inner court wall.
text: APPOLONIA is laughing, driving. MICHAEL pretends to be
text: frightened, as he teaches her to drive.
text: Outside the walls, we notice SHEPHERDS with luparas, walking
dialog: guard duty.
text: The car stops and a laughing MICHAEL gets out.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It's safer to teach you English.
speaker_heading: APPOLONIA
dialog: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
dialog: Thursday, Friday...See, I learned
dialog: it. Now teach me to drive!
text: DON TOMMASSINO enters the Courtyard. He seems tired and
dialog: concerned.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Ciao, Don Tommassino.
text: APPOLONIA kisses him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Things went badly in Palermo?
speaker_heading: DON TOMMASSINO
dialog: The younger men have no respect.
dialog: Things are changing; I don't know
dialog: what will happen. Michael, because
dialog: of the wedding, people now know
dialog: your name.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Is that why there are more men on
dialog: the walls?
speaker_heading: DON TOMMASSINO
dialog: Even so, I don't think it is safe
dialog: here anymore. I've made plans to
dialog: move you to a villa near Siracuse.
dialog: You must go right away.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: DON TOMMASSINO
dialog: Bad news from America. Your
dialog: brother, Santino. He has been
dialog: killed.
dialog: For a moment, the whole world of New York, Sollozzo, the
text: Five Family War, all comes back to MICHAEL.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: VILLA COURTYARD
text: Morning. MICHAEL leans out of the bedroom window.
text: Below, FABRIZZIO is sitting in one of the garden chairs,
text: combing his thick hair.
text: MICHAEL whistles and FABRIZZIO looks up to his window.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Get the car. I'll be leaving in
dialog: ten minutes. Where's Calo?
speaker_heading: FABRIZZIO
text: Calo is having a cup of coffee in
dialog: the kitchen. Is your wife coming
dialog: with you?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No, she's going home to her family.
dialog: She'll join me in a few weeks...
scene_heading: INT DAY: VILLA KITCHEN
text: MICHAEL, dressed, crosses from the hallway, and into the
text: kitchen. CALO is just finishing a bite. He rises when he
text: sees MICHAEL.
speaker_heading: CALO
dialog: Should I get your bag?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No, I'll get it. Where's Appolonia?
speaker_heading: CALO
dialog: (smiling)
text: She is sitting in the driver's seat
text: of the car, dying to step on the
dialog: gas. She'll be a real American
dialog: woman before she gets to America.
text: MICHAEL smiles.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Tell Fabrizzio and wait for me in
dialog: the car.
text: He leaves the kitchen, after a quick sip of coffee.
text: He looks out from the opening in the doorway.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: VILLA COURTYARD
text: There is the car, with APPOLONIA sitting in the driver's
text: seat, playing with the wheel like a child.
text: CALO moves to the car, and puts a lunch basket in the rear
dialog: seat.
text: Then MICHAEL seems disturbed.
text: Over, on the other side of the courtyard, he sees FABRIZZIO
text: disappear through the gate.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (muttering to himself)
dialog: Where the hell is he going?
text: MICHAEL goes down the hallway, and outside.
text: MICHAEL steps out into the bright sunlight of the outer
text: courtyard, causing him to shade his eyes.
text: APPOLONIA sees him, and waves, motioning that he should stay
dialog: where he is.
speaker_heading: APPOLONIA
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: I'll drive to you.
text: He smiles affectionately.
text: CALO stands beside the car, smiling, with his lupara dangling
text: by his side. There is no sight of FABRIZZIO. Suddenly the
text: smile fades from MICHAEL's face. He steps forward and holds
text: out his hand.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No. No!
text: His shout is drowned in the roar of a tremendous EXPLOSION,
text: as she switched on the ignition.
text: Part of the wall is caved in, the kitchen door is blown off;
dialog: and there is nothing left of the Alpha, or of Appolonia.
text: MICHAEL is thrown against the wall, and knocked unconscious.
scene_heading: INT DAY: VILLA BEDROOM
text: MICHAEL is unconscious in a darkened room. We hear
text: whispering around him, but can't make any of it out. A soft
text: cloth is applied to his face; gradually his eyes open. DON
text: TOMMASSINO is there, close to him. He looks at them and
text: from their grave expressions, he knows his wife is dead.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Fabrizzio. Let your shepherds know
dialog: that the one who gives me Fabrizzio
dialog: will own the finest pastures in
dialog: Sicily.
scene_heading: --------------------------------------FADE OUT----------
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (SPRING 1951)
dialog: Easter.
text: A HIGH VIEW ON THE CORLEONE MALL in the springtime. Hordes
dialog: of little CHILDREN including many of the Corleone Children
text: and Grandchilren, rush about carrying little Easter baskets,
dialog: searching here and there for candy treasures and hidden
dialog: Easter eggs.
text: The DON himself, much older, much smaller in size, wearing
text: baggy pants and a plaid shirt and an old hat, moves around
text: his garden, tending rows and rows of rich tomato plants.
text: Suddenly, he stops and looks.
text: MICHAEL stands there, still holding his suitcase.
text: Great emotion comes over the DON, who takes a few steps in
text: MICHAEL's direction.
text: MICHAEL leaves his suitcase and walks to his favorite son
text: and embraces him.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Be my son...
scene_heading: INT DAY: THE OLIVE OIL FACTORY
text: DON CORLEONE leads MICHAEL through the corridors of the
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: This old building has seen its day.
dialog: No way to do business...too small,
dialog: too old.
text: They enter the DON's glass-panelled office.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Have you thought about a wife? A
dialog: family?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (pained)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: I understand, Michael. But you
dialog: must make a family, you know.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I want children, I want a family.
dialog: But I don't know when.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Accept what's happened, Michael.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I could accept everything that's
dialog: happened; I could accept it, but
dialog: that I never had a choice. From
dialog: the time I was born, you had laid
dialog: this all out for me.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: No, I wanted other things for you.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You wanted me to be your son.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Yes, but sons who would be
dialog: professors, scientists,
dialog: musicians...and grandchildren who
dialog: could be, who knows, a Governor, a
dialog: President even, nothing's impossible
dialog: here in America.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Then why have I become a man like
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: You are like me, we refuse to be
dialog: fools, to be puppets dancing on a
dialog: string pulled by other men. I
dialog: hoped the time for guns and killing
dialog: and massacres was over. That was
dialog: my misfortune. That was your
dialog: misfortune. I was hunted on the
dialog: streets of Corleone when I was
dialog: twelve years old because of who my
dialog: father was. I had no choice.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: A man has to choose what he will be.
dialog: I believe that.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: What else do you believe in?
text: MICHAEL doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Believe in a family. Can you
dialog: believe in your country? Those
dialog: Pezzonovante of the State who
dialog: decide what we shall do with our
dialog: lives? Who declare wars they wish
dialog: us to fight in to protect what they
dialog: own. Do you put your fate in the
dialog: hands of men whose only talent is
dialog: that they tricked a bloc of people
dialog: to vote for them? Michael, in five
dialog: years the Corleone family can be
dialog: completely legitimate. Very
dialog: difficult things have to happen to
dialog: make that possible. I can't do
dialog: them anymore, but you can, if you
dialog: choose to.
text: MICHAEL listens.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Believe in a family; believe in a
dialog: Code of Honor, older and higher,
dialog: believe in Roots that go back
dialog: thousands of years into your Race.
dialog: Make a family, Michael, and protect
dialog: it. These are our affairs, sono cosa
dialog: nostra, Governments only protect
dialog: men who have their own individual
dialog: power. Be one of those men...you
dialog: have the choice.
scene_heading: --------------------------------------FADE OUT----------
scene_heading: EXT DAY: STOCK FOOTAGE LAS VEGAS (1955)
text: A MOVING VIEW, driving up the Las Vegas Strip of 1955.
speaker_heading: FREDO (O.S.)
dialog: There's a new one. Construction
text: going on everywhere.
text: MORE VIEWS, showing new hotels and casinos being built; the
text: bill marquees read: "MARTIN AND LEWIS", "PATTI PAGE", etc.
speaker_heading: FREDO (O.S.)
dialog: That's one of the family's new ones.
dialog: Not bad, eh?
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: FLAMINGO (1955)
text: The car pulls up at the Flamingo Hotel.
text: Inside the car: MICHAEL, FREDO, TOM HAGEN and a new man,
text: NERI, quiet and sinister.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Why didn't Moe Green meet us at the
dialog: airport?
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: He had business at the hotel, but
dialog: he'll drop in for dinner.
text: From the expression on MICHAEL's face we know this is a
dialog: discourtesy.
scene_heading: INT DAY: FLAMINGO HOTEL SUITE (1955)
text: A whole entourage precedes FREDO and his V.I.P. party of
text: MICHAEL, HAGEN and NERI. Great fuss is made. They are
text: being shown into the hotel's 'special' suite.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: You look wonderful, kid; really
dialog: wonderful. That doctor did some
dialog: job on your face.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You look good, too.
text: They enter the suite.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Nice, eh?
text: FREDO is as excited as a kid, snapping orders at the
text: bellboys, waiters and maids.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: (hurrying into the bedroom)
dialog: Kid, take a look-see.
text: MICHAEL gives a look to HAGEN, and continues into the bedroom.
text: There is an enormous circular bed on a huge platform,
text: mirrors to each side. FREDO points upward.
text: A VIEW into a large CEILING mirror.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Ever seen anything like that before?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: No.
scene_heading: INT NITE: FLAMINGO SUITE BEDROOM (1955)
text: MICHAEL is alone in the bedroom. He is just finishing
text: dressing; he puts on his jacket. From the window, with the
text: lights blinking, we can tell it's late at night. MICHAEL
text: passes into the other room.
text: He stops, looks. He is disturbed.
scene_heading: INT NITE: FLAMINGO SUITE (1955)
text: A magnificent, circular table has been set up in his suite;
text: a lavish table setting for eight. Standing by the table are
text: HAGEN, JOHNNY FONTANE, looking wonderful, a little heavier,
text: beautifully dressed; FREDO, a dandy, and TWO LAS VEGAS GIRLS.
text: NERI stands quietly by the door.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Mike! The party starting!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Come here a minute, Fredo.
text: FREDO goes to him, a big smile all over his face.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Who are those girls?
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: (jokingly)
dialog: That's for you to find out.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Give them some money and send them
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Mike!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Get rid of them...
scene_heading: INT NITE: FLAMINGO SUITE (1955)
text: They are seated around the lavish table in Michael's suite.
text: MICHAEL is speaking to JOHNNY.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Johnny, the Corleone family is
dialog: thinking of selling out all our
dialog: interests in the Olive Oil business
dialog: and settling here. Moe Greene will
dialog: sell us his interest so it can be
dialog: wholly owned by friends of the
dialog: family.
text: FREDDIE seems anxious.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Mike, you sure about Moe selling.
dialog: He never mentioned it to me and he
dialog: loves the business.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'll make him an offer he can't
dialog: refuse.
text: MICHAEL turns to JOHNNY.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Johnny, the Don wants you to help
dialog: us get started. We figure
dialog: entertainment will be the big
dialog: factor in drawing gamblers. We
dialog: hope you'll sign a contract to
dialog: appear five times a year for maybe
dialog: a week long engagement.
dialog: We hope your friends in the movies
dialog: will do the same. We count on you
dialog: to convince them.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Sure, I'll do anything for my
dialog: Godfather. You know that, Mike.
text: There is knock on the door. NERI rises, looks at MICHAEL,
text: who nods. NERI opens the door, and MOE GREENE enters,
text: followed by TWO BODYGUARDS. He is a handsome hood, dressed
text: in the Hollywood style. His BODYGUARDS are more West Coast
dialog: style.
speaker_heading: MOE
dialog: Mike, good to see you. Got
dialog: everything you want?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: MOE
dialog: The chef cooked for you special;
dialog: the dancers will kick your tongue
dialog: out and you credit is good!
dialog: (to his BODYGUARDS)
dialog: Draw chips for all these people so
dialog: they can play on the house.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Is my credit good enough to buy you
dialog: out?
text: MOE laughs.
speaker_heading: MOE
dialog: Buy me out?...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: The hotel, the casino. The Corleone
dialog: family wants to buy you out.
text: GREENE stops laughing; the room becomes tense. NERI eyes
text: the BODYGUARDS.
speaker_heading: MOE
dialog: (furious)
dialog: The Corleone family wants to buy me
dialog: out. I buy you out. You don't buy
dialog: me out.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Your casino loses money. Maybe we
dialog: can do better.
speaker_heading: MOE
dialog: You think I scam?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (the worst insult)
dialog: You're unlucky.
speaker_heading: MOE
dialog: You goddamn dagos. I do you a
dialog: favor and take Freddie in when
dialog: you're having a bad time, and then
dialog: you try to push me out.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You took Freddie in because the
dialog: Corleone family bankrolled your
dialog: casino. You and the Corleone
dialog: family are evened out. This is for
dialog: business; name your price.
speaker_heading: MOE
dialog: The Corleone family don't have that
dialog: kind of muscle anymore. The
dialog: Godfather is sick. You're getting
dialog: chased out of New York by Barzini
dialog: and the other families, and you
dialog: think you can find easier pickings
dialog: here. I've talked to Barzini; I
dialog: can make a deal with him and keep
dialog: my hotel!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (quietly, deadly)
dialog: Is that why you thought you could
dialog: slap Freddie around in public?
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: (his face turns red)
dialog: Ah Mike, that was nothing. Moe
dialog: didn't mean anything. He flies off
dialog: the handle sometimes; but me and
dialog: him are good friends. Right, Moe?
speaker_heading: MOE
dialog: Yeah sure. Sometimes I gotta kick
dialog: asses to make this place run right.
dialog: Freddie and I had a little argument
dialog: and I had to straighten him out.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You straightened my brother out?
speaker_heading: MOE
dialog: Hell, he was banging cocktail
text: waitresses two at a time. Players
dialog: couldn't get a drink.
text: MICHAEL rises from his chair, and says in a tone of dismissal:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I have to go back to New York
dialog: tomorrow. Think of your price.
speaker_heading: MOE
dialog: You son of a bitch, you think you
dialog: can brush me off like that? I made
dialog: my bones when you were going out
dialog: with cheerleaders.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: Tom, you're the Consigliere; you
dialog: can talk to the Don and advise him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: The Don has semi-retired. I'm
dialog: running the Family business now.
dialog: So anything you have to say, say it
dialog: to me.
text: Nobody answers. MICHAEL nods to NERI, who opens the door.
text: MOE exits angrily.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Freddie, you're my older brother.
dialog: I love you. But don't ever take
dialog: sides with anybody against the
dialog: Family again.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: N.Y. AIRPORT (1955)
text: KAY sits in the back of a limousine parked by the Newark
text: AIRPORT. ROCCO LAMPONE is leaning against it.
text: She has a little three year old boy; MICHAEL's son, who
text: plays with a cardboard bird on a string.
text: Two other cars are stationed discreetly, with men we have
dialog: learned to tell are bodyguards.
text: MICHAEL, HAGEN and NERI exit the airport with TWO NEGRO
text: PORTERS carrying luggage.
text: NERI sees something, and taps MICHAEL on the shoulder.
text: MICHAEL turns, and sees KAY.
text: LAMPONE opens the car door; KAY steps out with the BOY, and
text: MICHAEL embraces her, and kisses his son. Automatically,
text: the luggage is put in. NERI replaces LAMPONE as the driver;
text: and LAMPONE joins the other men. HAGEN gets into one of the
dialog: other cars.
text: And the limo drives off, preceded and followed by the other
dialog: sedans.
speaker_heading: INT DAY: LIMO (1955)
text: The little BOY looks out the window as they drive.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I have to see my father and his
dialog: people when we get back to the Mall.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Oh Michael.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: We'll go to the show tomorrow
dialog: night--we can change the tickets.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Don't you want dinner first?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No, you eat...don't wait up for me.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Wake me up when you come to bed?
text: The little BOY flies his cardboard bird out of the speeding
text: limousine window.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (1955)
text: The limousine arrives at the Mall. We are inside.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Your sister wants to ask you
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Let HER ask.
text: NERI opens the door. KAY wants to talk just a little more.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: She's afraid to. Michael...
text: MICHAEL nods to NERI; who gives them their privacy a moment
dialog: longer.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Why are you so cold to her and
dialog: Carlo? They live with us on the
dialog: Mall now, but you never get close
dialog: to them.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'm busy.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Connie and Carlo want you to be
dialog: godfather to their little boy.
text: NERI opens the door; MICHAEL starts to get out; KAY too.
text: He smiles at her, tired, and a little sad.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Will you?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Let me think about it, O.K.?
text: She smiles; MICHAEL goes with NERI to the Main House; KAY
text: and the little BOY move to the house that was Sonny's.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S OFFICE (1955)
text: VIEW ON DON CORLEONE, much older, much smaller in size. He
text: wears baggy pants, and a warm plaid shirt. He sits in a
text: chair, gazing out through the window, into the garden.
speaker_heading: TESSIO (O.S.)
dialog: Barzini's people chisel my territory
dialog: and we do nothing about it. Pretty
dialog: soon there won't be one place in
dialog: Brooklyn I can hang my hat.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL (O.S.)
dialog: Just be patient.
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: I'm not asking you for help, Mike.
dialog: Just take off the handcuffs.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL (O.S.)
dialog: Be patient.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA (O.S.)
dialog: We gotta fight sometime. Let us at
dialog: least recruit our regimes to full
dialog: strength.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL (O.S.)
dialog: No, I don't want to give Barzini an
dialog: excuse to start fighting.
speaker_heading: TESSIO (O.S.)
dialog: Mike, you're wrong.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA (O.S.)
dialog: Don Corleone...Don Corleone.
text: The OLD MAN looks up. CLEMENZA stand before him in the Den.
text: Beside him is an anxious TESSIO. NERI stands by the door;
text: HAGEN is seated; MICHAEL sits behind the big desk.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: You said there would come a day
dialog: when Tessio and me could form our
dialog: own Families. Only with your
dialog: benediction, of course. I ask
dialog: permission...
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: My son is head of the Family now.
dialog: If you have his permission, you
dialog: have my good will.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: In six months you can break off
dialog: from the Corleone Family and go on
dialog: your own. Carlo, I'm counting on
dialog: you to make the move to Nevada;
dialog: you'll be my right-hand man out
dialog: there. Tom Hagen is no longer the
dialog: Consigliere.
text: Everyone is a bit surprised; look to see HAGEN's reaction.
text: He remains inexpressive.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: He's going to be our lawyer in
dialog: Vegas. Nobody goes to him with any
dialog: other business as of now, this
dialog: minute. No reflection on Tom;
dialog: that's the way I want it. Besides,
dialog: if I ever need any advice, who's a
dialog: better Consigliere than my father.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Then in a six month time we're on
dialog: our own; is that it?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Maybe less...
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: Let us fill up our Regimes.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No. I want things very calm for
dialog: another six months.
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: Forgive me, Godfather, let our
dialog: years of friendship be my excuse.
dialog: How can you hope for success there
dialog: without your strength here to back
dialog: you up? The two go hand in hand.
dialog: And with you gone from here the
dialog: Barzini and the Tattaglias will be
dialog: too strong for us.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: And I don't like Barzini. I say
dialog: the Corleone Family has to move
dialog: from strength, not weakness. We
dialog: should build our Regimes and take
dialog: back our lost territories in Staten
dialog: Island, at least.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Do you have faith in my judgement?
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Yes, Godfather...
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Then do what Michael says...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: All I can say is that things are
dialog: being resolved that are more
dialog: effective than a thousand buttonmen
dialog: on the streets. Understood?
text: There are uneasy looks all around.
speaker_heading: CARLO
dialog: Understood. I just wish I was
dialog: doing more to help out.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'll come to you when I need you.
text: He looks at CLEMENZA, TESSIO and HAGEN. They all nod,
dialog: reluctantly.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: All right, then it's resolved.
text: NERI knows the meeting is over, he opens the Den's door.
text: CLEMENZA and TESSIO pay their respects to the DON and leave,
text: then CARLO. NERI watches CARLO as he walks down the
text: corridor, casting a nervous look back at the sinister man.
text: Then NERI closes the door.
text: MICHAEL relaxes.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Mike, why are you cutting me out of
dialog: the action?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Tom, we're going to be legitimate
dialog: all the way, and you're the legal
dialog: man. What could be more important
dialog: than that.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I'm not talking about that. I'm
dialog: talking about Rocco Lampone building
dialog: a secret regime. Why does Neri
dialog: report directly to you, rather than
dialog: through me or a caporegime?
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: I told you that it wouldn't escape
dialog: his eye.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: How did you find out?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Bookkeepers know everything.
dialog: Rocco's men are all a little too
dialog: good for the jobs they're supposed
dialog: to be doing. They get a little
dialog: more money than the job's worth.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Lampone's a good man; he's operating
dialog: perfectly.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Not so perfectly if you noticed.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Mike, why am I out?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You're not a wartime Consigliere.
dialog: Things may get tough with the move
dialog: we're trying.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: OK, but then I agree with Tessio.
dialog: You're going about it all wrong;
dialog: you're making the move out of
dialog: weakness... Barzini's a wolf, and
dialog: if he tears you apart, the other
dialog: families won't come running to help
dialog: the Corleones...
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Tom, I never thought you were a bad
dialog: Consigliere, I thought Santino a
dialog: bad Don, rest in peace. He had a
dialog: good heart but he wasn't the right
dialog: man to head the family when I had
dialog: my misfortune. Michael has all my
dialog: confidence, as you do. For reasons
dialog: which you can't know, you must have
dialog: no part in what will happen.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Maybe I can help.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: You're out, Tom.
text: TOM pauses, thinks...and then he nods in acquiescence. TOM
dialog: leaves.
text: MICHAEL looks at NERI.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'm going to talk to my father.
text: NERI nods, and then leaves. The DON opens the doors,
text: breathes in the air, and steps outside.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: THE GARDEN (1955)
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: I see you have your Luca Brasi.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'll need him.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: There are men in this world who
dialog: demand to be killed. They argue in
dialog: gambling games; they jump out of
dialog: their cars in a rage if someone so
text: much as scratches their fender.
dialog: These people wander through the
dialog: streets calling out "Kill me, kill
dialog: me." Luca Brasi was like that.
dialog: And since he wasn't scared of
dialog: death, and in fact, looked for
dialog: it...I made him my weapon. Because
dialog: I was the only person in the world
dialog: that he truly hoped would not kill
dialog: him. I think you have done the
dialog: same with this man.
text: They walk through the DON's vegetable garden. Tomatoes,
text: peppers, carefully tended, and covered with a silky netting.
text: MICHAEL follows; the DON turns and looks at him. Then
text: stoops over to right a tomato plant that had been pushed over.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Barzini will move against you first.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: He will get in touch with you
dialog: through someone you absolutely
dialog: trust. That person will arrange a
dialog: meeting, guarantee your safety...
text: He rises, and looks at Michael...
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: ...and at that meeting you will be
dialog: assassinated.
text: The DON walks on further.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Your wife and children...you're
dialog: happy with them?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Good.
text: MICHAEL wants to express something...hesitates, then:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I've always respected you...
text: A long silence. The DON smiles at MICHAEL.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: And I...you.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: CHURCH (1955)
text: KAY and MAMA walking from the black car that has just left
dialog: them off.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: How is your husband feeling?
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: He's not the same since they shot
dialog: him. He lets Michael do all the
dialog: work. He just plays the fool with
dialog: his garden, his peppers, his
dialog: tomatoes, as if he was some peasant
dialog: still. But men are like that...
text: She stops toward the Church.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: You come in, too.
text: KAY shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: The Priest ain't gonna bite you
dialog: cause you're not Catholic.
dialog: (whispered)
text: He's in the back drinkin' his wine.
text: KAY laughs and follows MAMA up the steps of the Church.
text: They enter.
speaker_heading: INT DAY: CHURCH (1955)
text: Inside the Church, KAY watches as MAMA blesses herself from
dialog: the holy water.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: You can.
text: Tentatively, KAY dips her fingers into the water, and
text: blesses herself. Then SHE follows MAMA down the aisle, in
text: awe at the high ceiling, the art, the windows, and finally
dialog: the Altar.
text: MAMA stops by the impressive tiers of candles. There is a
dialog: large coin box for those who wish to pay for lighting
text: candles. MAMA fumbles in her purse for change; KAY gives
dialog: her some.
text: MAMA drops the coins in the box, one by one; then takes the
text: taper, and in a pattern known only to her, and with great
text: dignity, she closes her eyes, says a prayer, and then lights
dialog: twenty candles.
text: She finishes, and bows her head.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: BONASERA'S FUNERAL HOME
text: Very few people in the streets. TOTAL SILENCE. But black
text: flower cars as far as the eye can see, for blocks and blocks.
text: An expression of respect, of honor and fear that is enormous.
dialog: Certainly no more could be done for a President or a King.
text: Each car carries an elaborate floral decoration. We show
dialog: these in detail; and the flowered messages: "A Benefactor to
dialog: Mankind", "He Knew and Pitied"..."Our Don Our Leader"..."The
dialog: Sacred Heart"...
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (1955)
text: HIGH ANGLE ON THE CORLEONE MALL
dialog: Silence.
text: The flower cars, funeral limousines, and private cars fill
text: all the areas attendant to the Corleone residence.
text: Hundreds of people fill the Mall, reminiscent in size of the
dialog: wedding of Connie and Carlo; of course, now the mood is
text: somber and respectful.
text: MICHAEL, MAMA, FREDO and HAGEN stand by the flowered platform
text: which holds the ornate coffin. We cannot see the remains of
dialog: Don Corleone.
text: BONASERA is nearby, ready to do service to the bereaved
text: family. One by one the mourners come by, weeping, or merely
text: with grave expressions; pay their respects and continue on.
speaker_heading: The VIEW ALTERS,
text: and we see that the line is endless. JOHNNY FONTANE, tears
text: openly falling, takes his turn.
text: Children are taken by the hand, and lifted for their last
dialog: look at the great man.
text: CLEMENZA whispers into the ear of LAMPONE. LAMPONE
dialog: immediately arranges for the members of the Five New York
dialog: Families to pay their respects.
scene_heading: First CUNEO, then STRACHI and then ZALUCHI. Then PHILIP
text: TATTAGLIA, who merely passes by the Coffin.
text: Then BARZINI in a black homburg, standing a long time.
text: MICHAEL watches the scene.
text: BARZINI crosses himself and passes on, immediately rejoined
dialog: by his men.
text: As BARZINI leaves, it seems as though everyone is fawning on
dialog: him; perhaps asking for favors: But at any rate, it is clear
text: from the doors opened for him, the cigars lit for him, that
dialog: he is the new Capo di Capi--the place formerly held by Don
dialog: Corleone.
text: MICHAEL watches silently.
text: BARZINI is searching for somebody with his eyes. First
scene_heading: CLEMENZA. Then TESSIO.
text: CONNIE rushes into MICHAEL's arms, tears in her eyes. He
text: embraces and comforts her.
text: Everywhere MICHAEL goes, NERI is a few feet away--watching
text: all who come close to him.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (LATER)
text: Later on the Mall; some people have left, although there are
text: still hundreds of mourners.
text: A young GIRL approaches TESSIO. She's about 18.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Do you remember me?
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: We danced together at Connie's
dialog: wedding.
text: TESSIO makes a gesture, which is to say 'How you've grown',
text: and they move though the crowd, looking for Michael. He
dialog: finds him.
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: Mike, could I have a minute?
text: MIKE; nods; and they move to a private place. NERI is close
dialog: by.
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: Barzini wants to arrange a meeting.
dialog: Says we can straighten any of our
dialog: problems out.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: He talked to you?
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I can arrange security.
text: MICHAEL looks at him.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: CEMETERY (1955)
dialog: The Cemetery. Late day.
text: The hundreds of cars, limousines and flower cars line the
text: stone wall that surrounds this Italian-Catholic cemetary in
dialog: Queens Village.
text: Hundreds of people stand in a cluster; others watch; take
dialog: pictures, etc.
text: MICHAEL stands with his family, his MOTHER...and TOM HAGEN.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Christ, Tom; I needed more time
dialog: with him. I really needed him.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Did he give you his politicians?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Not all...I needed another four
dialog: months and I would have had them
dialog: all.
dialog: (he looks at TOM)
dialog: I guess you've figured it all out?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: How will they come at you?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I know now.
dialog: (a passion wells up
speaker_heading: inside of MICHAEL)
dialog: I'll make them call me Don.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Have you agreed on a meeting?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (nods)
dialog: A week from tonight. In Brooklyn
dialog: on Tessio's ground, where I'll be
dialog: safe.
text: HAGEN looks at him; understands.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: But after the Baptism. I've
dialog: decided to stand as godfather to
dialog: Connie's baby.
text: They look up.
text: The coffin is lowered into an excavation, behind which
text: stands an enormous stone monument; it is of a weeping angel,
text: with the bold inscription: CORLEONE.
scene_heading: ---------------------------------------FADE OUT---------
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT DAY: NERI'S APT. (1955)
text: ALBERT NERI moves around in his small Corona Apartment; he
text: pulls a small trunk from under his bed. He opens it, and we
text: see in it, nearly folded, a New York City Policeman's
text: uniform. He takes it out piece by piece, almost reverently.
dialog: Then the badge, and the identification card; with his
text: picture on it. Slowly, in the solitude of his room, he
text: begins to dress.
scene_heading: INT DAY: MICHAEL'S BEDROOM (1955)
text: MICHAEL and KAY are getting dressed for the christening in
text: their room. MICHAEL looks very well; very calm; KAY is
text: beginning to take on a matronly look.
scene_heading: INT DAY: MOTEL ROOM (1955)
dialog: In a Long Island motel.
text: ROCCO LAMPONE carefully disassembles a revolver; oils it,
text: checks it, and puts it back together.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: CLEMENZA'S HOUSE (1955)
text: PETER CLEMENZA about to get in his Lincoln. He hesitates,
text: takes a rag and cleans some dirt off of the fender, and then
text: gets in, drives off.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: CHURCH (1955)
dialog: The Church.
text: Various relatives and friends are beginning to gather at the
text: Church. They laugh and talk. A MONSIGNOR is officiating.
text: Not all of the participants have arrived yet.
text: CONNIE is there, with a beaming CARLO. She holds the
text: infant; showing him off to interested people.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: U.N. PLAZA (1955)
text: NERI walks down the sidewalk in the neighborhood of the UN
text: Building. He is dressed as, and has the bearing of, a
text: policeman. He carries a huge flashlight.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: MOTEL BALCONY (1955)
text: LAMPONE steps out onto the little balcony of a Sea-Resort
text: Motel; We can see the bright, neon lit sign advertising
text: "ROOMS FACING THE SEA--VACANY".
scene_heading: INT DAY: CHURCH
dialog: The Church.
text: CONNIE holds the baby; the MONSIGNOR is speaking; KAY and
text: MICHAEL stand side by side around the urn.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
speaker_heading: (to MICHAEL)
dialog: Do you pledge to guide and protect
dialog: this child if he is left fatherless?
dialog: Do you promise to shield him
dialog: against the wickedness of the world?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Yes, I promise.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: FIFTH AVE.
text: NERI continues up the 55th St. and Fifth Avenue area. He
text: continues until he is in front of Rockefeller Center. On
text: his side of the street, he spots a limousine waiting directly
text: across from the main entrance of the building. Slowly he
text: approaches the limo, and taps on its fender with his
dialog: nightstick.
text: The DRIVER looks up in surprise.
text: NERI points to the "No Parking" sign.
text: The DRIVER turns his head away.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: OK, wise guy, you wanna summons, or
dialog: you wanna move?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (obviously a hood)
dialog: You better check with your precinct.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: Move it!
text: The DRIVER takes a ten dollar bill, folds it deliberately,
text: and hands it out the window, trying to put it under NERI's
dialog: jacket.
text: NERI backs up, letting the bill fall onto the street. Then
text: he crooks a finger at the DRIVER.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: Let me see you license and
dialog: registration.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: MOTEL BALCONY
text: LAMPONE on the motel balcony spots a Cadillac pulling up.
text: It parks. A young, pretty GIRL gets out. Quickly, he
text: returns into the room.
scene_heading: INT DAY: HOTEL STAIRS (1955)
text: CLEMENZA is climbing the back stairs of a large hotel. He
text: rounds the corner, puffs a little, and then continues upward.
scene_heading: INT DAY: CHURCH
text: The Church. Close on the PRIEST's fingers as he gently
text: applies oil to the infant's ears and nostrils.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Ephetha...be opened...So you may
dialog: perceive the fragrance of God's
dialog: sweetness.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: ROCKEFELLER CENTER (1955)
text: The DRIVER of the limousine in front of Rockefeller Center
text: is arguing with NERI.
text: Now the DRIVER looks up.
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES:
text: TWO MEN in topcoats exit the building, through the revolving
dialog: glass doors.
text: NERI opens up fire, trapping BARZINI in the shattering glass
text: doors. The doors still rotate, moving the dead body of
speaker_heading: BARZINI within them.
scene_heading: INT DAY: CHURCH
text: In the Church--the VIEW on MICHAEL. The PRIEST hands him
dialog: the infant.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Do you renounce Satan.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I do renounce him.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: And all his works?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I do renounce them.
scene_heading: INT DAY: MOTEL MURDER (1955)
text: LAMPONE, backed up by two other MEN in his regime, runs down
text: the iron-rail steps, and kicks in the door on Room 7F.
text: PHILIP TATTAGLIA, old and wizened and naked, leaps up; a
text: semi-nude young GIRL leans up.
text: They are riddled with gunfire.
scene_heading: INT DAY: HOTEL STAIRS (1955)
text: CLEMENZA, huffing and puffing, climbs the back stairs, with
dialog: his package.
scene_heading: INT DAY: CHURCH
text: The PRIEST pours water over the forehead of the infant
speaker_heading: MICHAEL holds.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Do you wish to be baptized?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I do wish to be baptized.
scene_heading: INT DAY: HOTEL ELEVATOR MURDER (1955)
text: CLEMENZA, out of breath, climbs the final few steps.
text: He walks through some glass doors, and moves to an ornate
text: elevator waiting shaft.
text: The lights indicate the elevator has arrived.
text: The doors open, and we see a surprised CUNEO standing with
dialog: the dapper MOE GREENE.
text: CLEMENZA fires into the small elevator with a shotgun.
text: The PRIEST hands a lighted candle to MICHAEL.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: I christen you Michael Francis Rizzi.
text: Flash bulbs go off. Everyone is smiles, and crowds around
scene_heading: MICHAEL, KAY, CONNIE...and CARLO.
scene_heading: --------------------------------------FADE OUT----------
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: CHURCH (1955)
text: The christening party outside the Church.
text: Four or five limousines have been waiting; now pull up to
text: receive MAMA, CONNIE and the baby; and the others.
text: Everyone is very happy; only MICHAEL seems aloof and grave.
text: As the fuss is going on, a car pulls up. LAMPONE gets out
text: and works his way to MICHAEL. He whispers in his ear. This
text: is the news MICHAEL has been waiting for.
text: CONNIE holds the baby up to MICHAEL.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Kiss your Godfather.
text: The infant turns its head, and MICHAEL uses that as an
dialog: excuse to back away.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Carlo...we've had a change in the
dialog: plans. Mama, Connie, Kay and the
dialog: kids will have to take the trip out
dialog: to Vegas without us.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Oh Mike, it's our first vacation
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: CARLO
dialog: (anxious to please)
dialog: Jesus, Connie...Sure, Mike...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Go back to your house and wait for
dialog: me...
text: He kisses KAY.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (to KAY)
dialog: I'll just be a couple of days...
text: People are guided to the correct limousines; they start to
dialog: drive off.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S KITCHEN
text: TESSIO sits in the Kitchen of the Main House on the Mall.
text: HAGEN enters.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: You'd better make your call to
dialog: Barzini; Michael's ready.
text: TESSIO nods; moves to the telephone and dials a number.
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: We're on our way to Brooklyn.
text: He hangs up and smiles.
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: I hope Mike can get us a good deal
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: I'm sure he will.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (1955)
text: The TWO MEN walk out onto the Mall, toward a car. On their
text: way they are stopped by TWO BODYGUARDS.
speaker_heading: BUTTON MAN
dialog: The boss says he'll come in a
dialog: separate car. He says for you two
dialog: to go on ahead.
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: Hell, he can't do that. It screws
dialog: up all my arrangements.
text: THREE MORE BODYGUARDS appear around him.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (gently)
dialog: I can't go with you either, Tessio.
text: He flashes at the men surrounding him; for a moment he
text: panics, and then he accepts it.
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: (after the pause)
dialog: Tell Mike it was business...I
dialog: always liked him.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: He understands that.
text: TESSIO looks at the men, and then pauses.
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Tom, can you get me off the hook?
dialog: For old times' sake?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I can't.
text: HAGEN turns, and walks away from the group. Then about
text: twenty paces away, he stops, and looks back.
text: TESSIO is led into a waiting car.
text: HAGEN looks away, and walks off.
scene_heading: INT DAY: CARLO'S LIVING ROOM (1955)
text: CARLO RIZZI is alone in his house, smoking, waiting rather
text: nervously. He moves to the window and looks out.
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES:
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (1955)
text: MICHAEL, still dressed in a dark suit; followed by NERI,
text: LAMPONE and CLEMENZA, then HAGEN.
text: They move toward us.
text: Excitedly, CARLO moves to the front door; opens it.
text: He wears a broad smile.
speaker_heading: CARLO
dialog: Godfather!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You have to answer for Santino.
text: The smile on CARLO's face slowly fades, then, in a foolish
text: attempt for safety, he slams the door in their faces and
text: backs into the living room.
scene_heading: INT DAY: CARLO'S LIVING ROOM (1955)
text: The door opens, and the grim party enters.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You fingered Sonny for the Barzini
dialog: people. That little farce you
dialog: played out with my sister. Did
dialog: Barzini kid you that would fool a
dialog: Corleone?
speaker_heading: CARLO
dialog: (dignity)
dialog: I swear I'm innocent. I swear on
dialog: the head of my children, I'm
dialog: innocent. Mike, don't do this to
dialog: me, please Mike, don't do this to me!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Barzini is dead. So is Philip
dialog: Tattaglia, so are Strachi, Cuneo
dialog: and Moe Greene...I want to square
dialog: all the family accounts tonight.
dialog: So don't tell me you're innocent;
dialog: admit what you did.
text: CARLO is silent; he wants to talk but is terrified.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (almost kindly)
dialog: Don't be frightened. Do you think
dialog: I'd make my sister a widow? Do you
dialog: think I'd make your children
dialog: fatherless? After all, I'm
dialog: Godfather to your son. No, your
dialog: punishment is that you're out of
dialog: the family business. I'm putting
dialog: you on a plane to Vegas--and I want
dialog: you to stay there. I'll send
dialog: Connie an allowance, that's all.
dialog: But don't keep saying you're
dialog: innocent; it insults my intelligence
dialog: and makes me angry. Who approached
dialog: you, Tattaglia or Barzini?
speaker_heading: CARLO
dialog: (sees his way out)
dialog: Barzini.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Good, good. Leave now; there's a
dialog: car waiting to take you to the
dialog: airport.
text: CARLO moves to the door; opens it. There is a car waiting;
text: with a group of MEN around it.
text: He looks back at MICHAEL, who reassures him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'll call your wife and tell her
dialog: what flight you're on.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL
text: CARLO moves out to the Mall; the BUTTONMEN are putting his
text: things in the trunk.
text: ONE opens the front door for him.
text: SOMEONE is sitting in the rear seat, though we cannot see who.
text: CARLO gets into the car; out of nervousness, he looks back
dialog: to see the other man.
text: It is CLEMENZA, who nods cordially.
text: The motor starts, and as the car pulls away, CLEMENZA
text: suddenly throws the garrote around CARLO's neck. He chokes
text: and leaps up like a fish on a line, kicking his feet.
text: The garrote is pulled tighter; CARLO's face turns color.
text: His thrashing feet kick right through the front windshield.
text: Then the body goes slack.
text: CLEMENZA makes a foul face, and opens the window as the car
text: drives off.
scene_heading: EXT DAY: CARLO'S STEPS (1955)
text: MICHAEL and his party. They watch.
text: Then he turns and walks off, and they follow.
scene_heading: ---------------------------------------FADE OUT---------
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT NITE: MICHAEL'S LIMO EN ROUTE (1955)
text: MICHAEL sits alone in the back of his car; NERI is driving.
text: They do not speak for a long time; it is night--car lights
dialog: flash by.
text: NERI turns back.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: You know I would never question
dialog: anything you say.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Speak your mind.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: I'll do this for you; you know I
dialog: should.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No. This I have to do.
speaker_heading: EXT NITE: PIZZA STREET (1955)
text: MICHAEL's car pulls up in a quiet neighborhood, near an
text: Italian Pizzeria. NERI opens the door.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: Sit in the car.
speaker_heading: INT NITE: PIZZA PLACE (1955)
text: He walks alone into the restaurant. A MAN is tossing pizza
text: dough in the air.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Where's the boss?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: In the back. Hey Frank, someone
dialog: wants you.
text: A MAN comes out of the shadows, with a strong Italian accent.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What is it?
text: He stops, frozen in fear. It is FABRIZZIO.
text: VIEW ON MICHAEL. Gunfire from under his coat. FABRIZZIO is
text: cut down. MICHAEL throws the gun down; turns and exits.
speaker_heading: EXT DAY: MALL (1955)
text: HIGH ANGLE ON THE CORLEONE MALL
text: Several moving vans are parked in the Mall; one feels that
text: these are the final days; the families are moving out; signs
text: indicating that the property is for sale are evident.
text: A black limousine pulls up, and before it has even stopped,
text: the rear door flies open, and CONNIE attempts to run out,
text: restrained by MAMA. She manages to break free and runs
text: across the Mall into Michael's house.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S LIVING ROOM (1955)
text: Inside the Corleone house. Big boxes have been packed;
dialog: furniture prepared for shipping.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Michael!
text: She hurries into the living room, where she comes upon
speaker_heading: MICHAEL and KAY.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (comforting)
dialog: Connie...
text: But CONNIE avoids her, and moves directly to MICHAEL. NERI
dialog: is watchful.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You lousy bastard; you killed my
dialog: husband...
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Connie...
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You waited until our father died
dialog: and nobody could stop you and you
dialog: killed him, you killed him! You
dialog: blamed him about Sonny, you always
dialog: did, everybody did. But you never
dialog: thought about me, never gave a damn
dialog: about me.
dialog: (crying)
dialog: What am I going to do now, what am
dialog: I going to do.
text: TWO of Michael's BODYGUARDS move closer, ready for orders
text: from him. But he stands there, waiting for his sister to
dialog: finish.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Connie, how could you say such
dialog: things?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Why do you think he kept Carlo on
dialog: the Mall? All the time he knew he
dialog: was going to kill my husband. But
dialog: he didn't dare while my father was
dialog: alive. And then he stood Godfather
dialog: to our child. That coldhearted
dialog: bastard.
dialog: (to KAY)
dialog: And do you know how many men he had
dialog: killed with Carlo? Just read the
dialog: papers. That's your husband.
text: She tries to spit into MICHAEL's face; but in her hysteria
dialog: she has no saliva.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Get her home and get a doctor.
text: The TWO BODYGUARDS immediately take her arms and move her,
text: gently but firmly.
text: KAY is shocked; never taking her look of amazement from
text: MICHAEL. He feels her look.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: She's hysterical.
text: But KAY won't let him avoid her eyes.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Michael, it's not true. Please
dialog: tell me.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Don't ask me.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Tell me!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: All right, this one time I'll let
dialog: you ask about my affairs, one last
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Is it true?
text: She looks directly into his eyes, he returns the look, so
dialog: directly that we know he will tell the truth.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (after a very long pause)
dialog: No.
text: KAY is relieved; she throws her arms around him, and hugs
text: him. Then she kisses him.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (through her tears)
dialog: We both need a drink.
scene_heading: INT DAY: DON'S KITCHEN (1955)
text: She moves back into the kitchen and begins to prepare the
text: drinks. From her vantage point, as she smilingly makes the
text: drinks, she sees CLEMENZA, NERI and ROCCO LAMPONE enter the
text: house with their BODYGUARDS.
text: She watches with curiosity, as MICHAEL stands to receive
text: them. He stands arrogantly at ease, weight resting on one
text: foot slightly behind the other. One hand on his hip, like a
text: Roman Emperor. The CAPOREGIMES stand before him.
text: CLEMENZA takes MICHAEL's hand, kissing it.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Don Corleone...
text: The smile fades from KAY's face, as she looks at what her
dialog: husband has become.
speaker_heading: INT DAY: CHURCH (1955)
text: KAY wears a shawl over her hand. She drops many coins in
text: the coin box, and lifts a burning taper, and one by one, in
text: a pattern known only to herself, lights thirty candles.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
