dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. PENNSYLVANIA STEEL MILL - LIGHT SNOW - DAY
text: The plant is massive, grime-streaked, squatting in the valley
text: under five massive stacks, each one trailing a black ribbon
text: across the winter sky. Fires can be seen flickering through
text: the windows and long flames weave and dance from the tops of
text: guyed metal flues. Steam rises in clouds from vents and
text: chimneys and the sound of it all -- the hissing, the
text: clanging, the rumbling, the shrieking -- comes faintly, muted
text: by the falling snow.
text: In the foreground is a street -- COLUMBINE STREET -- which
text: inhabits the bottom of a narrow ravine and plunges directly
text: down the hillside, straight at the mill. Columbine is a sad
text: looking street, a grim-looking street, a street hanging on by
text: the skin of its teeth. Dilapidated stores hug the narrow
text: sidewalks. Battered signs squeak in the wind. Sandwiched
text: between the stores and scattered on twisting roads along the
text: hillside are narrow Victorian houses. These houses, which run
text: to three stories or more in height, all seem on the verge of
text: toppling over, and undoubtedly would, except that they are
text: all connected one to another by a mad arrangement of utility
text: lines which cross and re-cross between them with occasional
text: aid from a leaning pole.
text: MUSIC COMES UP -- dissonant, rather frightening music -- as
text: we watch a car come charging up through the slush on
text: Columbine Street. As it nears CAMERA the car falters on the
text: slippery grade and slides out of sight. A figure appears,
text: huddled against the driving snow. The figure disappears AS
text: CAMERA HOLDS ON THE STEEL MILL AT THE END OF THE EMPTY
speaker_heading: STREET.
text: MAIN TITLE COMES UP:
speaker_heading: THE DEER HUNTER
scene_heading: INT. STEEL MILL - DAY
text: A white-hot ingot shoots out of an ejecting mechanism and
text: comes ripping down a track. Another ingot follows it, and
text: another and another and another. The ingots are huge,
text: trembling with heat, and they come on with a terrifying
dialog: rumble.
speaker_heading: CREDITS ROLL
text: UNDER CREDITS we see STEELWORKERS catching the ingots with
text: tongs and deftly swinging them into troughs. The STEELWORKERS
text: wear leather aprons and are stripped to the waist. Warped in
text: heat waves and glistening with sweat they seem like figures
text: in some hellish ballet. Since they all wear goggles it is
text: hard to distinguish between them, but there are three, who
text: are young, who seem to work with particular grace. These are
text: NICK, SAL and MERLE.
text: CREDITS END. CAMERA CLOSES ON NICK, SAL AND MERLE. The noise
text: is deafening, the heat is unbelievable and the ingots come on
text: with murderous speed. Taking advantage of a slight pause
text: MERLE jabs NICK and they both make cuckold's horns at SAL.
text: SAL blushes and waves them off with his hand. MERLE and NICK
text: make the horns again and now SAL puts both hands on his hips,
text: gives a thin smile and studies the corner of the shed. MERLE
text: and NICK begin laughing. SAL can't hold out and he starts
text: laughing too, but now the ingots begin roaring down the track
text: again and they all grab their tongs.
scene_heading: INT. GREEK ORTHODOX CHURCH - ALTAR - DAY
text: A very old PRIEST is making preparations for a wedding
text: ceremony. SAL'S MOTHER hovers around him as he unlocks a
text: cabinet and takes out white tapers and a golden crown which
text: will be used in the service. The PRIEST moves with agonizing
text: slowness and SAL's MOTHER is in the midst of a bad case of
dialog: nerves.
speaker_heading: SAL'S MOTHER
dialog: It's all ready? Everything's ready?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SAL'S MOTHER
dialog: Are you sure everything's ready?
dialog: Are you positive?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Everything. Yes.
speaker_heading: SAL'S MOTHER
dialog: It would snow... Everything's going
dialog: to slip. Everything's going to
dialog: slide... All the cars are going to
dialog: crash!
text: SAL'S MOTHER puts her hand to her mouth and bursts into
dialog: tears.
speaker_heading: SAL'S MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I can't believe this... My own
dialog: little boy... with a stranger!
text: The PRIEST smiles. He takes SAL'S MOTHER in his arms and
text: comforts her.
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBINE STREET - DAY
text: Another car lunges up the hill, gets about halfway and slides
text: back. As the car disappears, the door to one of the houses
text: bursts open and a group of giggling BRIDESMAIDS begin
text: scampering across the street. They have all been working on
text: their dresses, which are not completely finished, and they
text: all carry ribbons and scissors and pieces of material. As
text: they make their way to the other side of the street they all
text: wave away the snowflakes and grab each other for support. One
text: of the BRIDESMAIDS loses her dress entirely and with everyone
text: laughing she rushes back to retrieve it in her slip. When the
text: garment is repossessed a door comes open and the BRIDESMAIDS
text: disappear inside.
text: CAMERA HOLDS ON COLUMBINE STREET. The snow slants across the
text: little stores and piles on the gables of the tipsy little
text: houses. Another car appears, lunges at the hill and slides
text: back. Suddenly the door to the bakery comes open and a group
text: of OLDER WOMEN emerge carrying a huge wedding cake with a
text: miniature bride and groom standing on the top. The WOMEN are
text: all in their fifties and bundled in boots and dark overcoats.
text: They begin moving slowly up the street, in the driving snow,
text: with the great white cake held firmly between them.
scene_heading: INT. STEEL MILL - ENTRY AREA - DAY
text: The time clocks are lined against both walls. As a whistle
text: screams to mark the end of the shift thousands of men begin
text: checking out. NICK, SAL and MERLE are right up in the front
text: ranks and once they have clocked their cards they gather
text: together along the wall.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Where's Vince?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: There's Albert!
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Hey, Albert!!!
text: ALBERT -- six and a half feet tall and built like an ox --
text: changes course and plows across the river of homeward-bound
text: STEELWORKERS.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: How you feelin', Sal?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: I feel okay.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Feeling hot?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (arm around SAL)
dialog: Humper's ready. Old humper's
dialog: hotter'n damn hell!
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: There's Vince!
speaker_heading: OTHERS
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Vince!... Over here! Vince!
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Get him, Albert. Get Vince!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: I'll get him.
text: ALBERT wades back into the stream of STEELWORKERS, grabs
text: VINCE and they all push out together.
scene_heading: EXT. STEEL MILL - PARKING LOT - DAY
text: The snow is still falling. It covers the ground. It covers
text: the acres of parked cars. It swirls and tosses and blows. As
text: the five friends come bursting out of a side exit they all
text: stop dead in their tracks.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Snow... Holy shit, snow!
text: SAL gives a look at the others. Something is going on. VINCE
text: is so excited he begins hopping around.
speaker_heading: VINCE (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Do you know what this means?
dialog: Do you guys realize exactly what
dialog: this means?
dialog: They all know. They all know damn well. MERLE and NICK
text: exchange looks. ALBERT chortles.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: What are you guys...? Are you guys
dialog: going hunting?
text: The others nod, shrug, shuffle their feet. They are all a
dialog: little embarrassed.
speaker_heading: SAL (CONT'D)
dialog: Not tonight?... You're not driving
dialog: up tonight?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: As soon as you're hitched, Sal.
dialog: First we get you hitched.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: (envious)
dialog: You guys are crazy. You know that?
dialog: I mean you guys are really nuts.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: He's getting married... and we're
dialog: nuts!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (puts his arm around SAL)
dialog: It's all right. Hey, it's all
dialog: right. We'll be right here, right
dialog: with you.
text: A look at the others...
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Won't we? Right? Am I right?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Damn right!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: What do you think, Sal? Jesus, you
dialog: think we'd miss this?
text: Now SAL is embarrassed. He makes a gesture with his hand.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (with a laugh)
dialog: C'mon. C'mon you guys!
text: They all start into the swirling snow. NICK with an arm
text: around SAL.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: And we want you to know, Sal, that
dialog: any help you might need--
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Yeah, Sal--
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Willing fingers--
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Extra feet!
scene_heading: INT. V.F.W. POST - DAY
text: The place is large and drafty and rundown. A huge American
text: flag hangs from the middle of the ceiling. Under it WOMEN are
text: laying white table cloths on trestle tables. Off to one side
text: a half dozen OLD MEN wearing VFW hats are Scotch-taping paper
text: ribbons to the brick wall. Two OLD MEN are on stepladders,
text: two more are bracing the ladders and the operation is under
text: the direction of a pair of World War I VETS standing side by
text: side. Their hands tremble. Their four eyes loom huge behind
dialog: corrective lenses.
speaker_heading: VET 1
dialog: Up I would say... What would you
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: VET 2
dialog: Up.
speaker_heading: VET 1
dialog: (signals)
dialog: Up ribbon!
text: One end of the ribbon is moved up. The two VETS study it.
speaker_heading: VET 2
dialog: Down I would say... What would you
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: VET 1
dialog: Down.
speaker_heading: VET 2
dialog: (signals)
dialog: Down ribbon!
text: Suddenly there is a commotion. The WOMEN who are setting up
text: the tables all rush to the door as the OLDER WOMEN come in
text: with the wedding cake. The OLDER WOMEN look half-frozen and
text: as they move toward a table the cake receives a great chorus
text: of Uhh's and Ahh's. Suddenly one of the OLDER WOMEN
text: collapses. Friends rush to her aid, seat her in a chair and
text: give her wine. The WOMAN takes the glass, tosses it off in
text: one swallow and grins. EVERYONE laughs.
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBINE STREET - BOTTOM OF HILL - DAY
text: A big, battered old shark-finned black Cadillac approaches,
text: coming fast.
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC - DAY
text: NICK, SAL, MERLE, VINCE and ALBERT are all laughing. NICK is
text: at the wheel.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Hit it, Nick!
speaker_heading: OTHERS
dialog: Go Nick! Hit it, baby!!!
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBINE STREET - DAY
text: The car bangs over potholes and slams into the grade. We
text: watch as it reaches the half-way point, then the three
dialog: quarter mark...
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC - DAY
text: NICK bends forward over the wheel, peering out through the
text: slapping wipers.
text: GUYS IN THE CAR
dialog: (chanting)
dialog: Do it, Nick! Do it! Go Nick, Go! Do
dialog: it! Do it, Nick! Go!
text: The car fishtails, loses speed... to a creep.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Back! All hands to the rear!
text: ALBERT and MERLE, who are sitting in front, immediately throw
text: themselves into the back seat on top of SAL and VINCE.
text: GUYS IN BACK SEAT
dialog: Easy... 'At's it, easy! Easy,
dialog: Nick... Easy!
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBINE STREET - TOP OF HILL - DAY
text: The Cadillac inches up the last ten feet, gains level ground
text: and skids to a stop. From inside comes a MUTED CHEER.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDE'S HOUSE - BEDROOM - DAY
text: ANGELA is dressed in her white bridal gown and veil. She is
text: plump, pretty, with a solemn, round face and big brown eyes.
text: ANGELA leans forward into a mirror.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: I do.
text: A pause. ANGELA scowls and tries it again.
speaker_heading: ANGELA (CONT'D)
dialog: (heartfelt)
dialog: I do.
text: ANGELA tries it a few more times. It sounds worse and worse.
speaker_heading: ANGELA (CONT'D)
dialog: I do, I do, I do!!!
text: ANGELA stares at herself. Now she looks desperate and
text: unrelievedly forlorn. Bursting into tears she throws herself
text: on the bed. Someone has slipped a photograph under the
text: pillow. The photograph is face down and as ANGELA pulls it
text: out she sees that something is written on the back:
speaker_heading: ANGELA (CONT'D)
dialog: (reading, slow)
dialog: "This is it -- more or less...
dialog: Love, Mom."
text: ANGELA frowns, turns the photograph over. It is a picture of
text: Michaelangelo's "David". ANGELA stares at the figure for a
dialog: long, long moment...
speaker_heading: ANGELA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, wow.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S BAR - DAY
text: The place is packed with boisterous STEELWORKERS drinking
text: boilermakers. Deerheads are mounted in a long row over the
text: bar, and hand-painted murals decorate the walls. The murals
text: depict hunting scenes and display an eerie tone -- at once
text: comical and frightening -- as if the animals held some secret
text: from the hunters, some power beyond their own.
text: JOHN bangs out from behind the bar with a tray of beer. At
text: the same moment SAL comes in with NICK, MERLE, ALBERT and
text: VINCE. JOHN, who is a great bear of a youth, puts down his
text: tray, wraps his arms around SAL and begins jumping him around
text: the floor, grinning ear to ear. The STEELWORKERS turn, desert
text: their places and swarm around SAL, joking and shouting
dialog: congratulations.
scene_heading: INT. LINDA'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: LINDA is thin -- a skinny slip of a thing with a hauntingly
text: lovely face. Wearing her bridesmaid's dress she stands alone
text: in the kitchen, staring at the ceiling. Thumping noises are
text: coming from the room above. The thumping gets louder.
text: There is a crash, then another crash, as if furniture were
text: being thrown around. A MAN'S VOICE begins cursing and there
text: is more thumping and crashing. Suddenly there is a thud...
text: and then silence.
text: LINDA bites her lip. She crosses to the stove, ladles stew
text: into a bowl, butters bread, pours a cup of tea and puts it
text: all on a tray.
scene_heading: INT. LINDA'S HOUSE - FATHER'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: The room is a wreck of broken furniture. Chairs are turned
text: over, lamps are smashed and the pictures hang cockeyed on the
text: wall. In the middle of the room, face down on the floor, is
text: LINDA'S FATHER. His coat is torn, one shoe is missing and he
text: holds a half-empty bottle in his hand. Behind him, through
text: the open window, snow is blowing in.
text: LINDA comes in with the tray. She stands for a moment
text: expressionless, looking down at her father. Then she sets the
text: tray on the bureau and kneels beside him.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Daddy?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (mumbles)
dialog: Go... fucking hell!
text: LINDA reaches down, takes her FATHER by the shoulder and
text: rolls him over. It takes some effort and the face that comes
text: up is gray, unshaven and implacably bitter. Saliva dribbles
text: from his mouth, there is a cut with the stitches still in it
text: seaming his forehead and as LINDA looks at him he begins
text: cursing again.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Fucking shit... all around, like a
dialog: sea! Like an ocean!
text: LINDA gets up and closes the window. She comes back, gets
text: down on the floor beside her father and pushes him toward the
text: bed. Then, hiking up her bridesmaid's dress, she takes him by
text: the shoulders again and heaves him onto the coverlet. The
text: effort is almost too much for her. Tears begin to burn in her
text: eyes, but when he slips back she tries again. The father
text: groans, begins to mumble, and then, when she almost has him
text: on the bed, he suddenly lifts his hand, catches her full in
text: the face and pushes her violently across the room.
text: LINDA crashes backwards over a fallen chair and smashes into
text: the wall. As she gets to her feet her father advances on her.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Fucking bitch... All bitches!
text: He swings, catches her in the face again, hard.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Daddy...! Daddy, it's me!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Hate 'em. Fucking bitches!
text: LINDA'S FATHER swings at her again, loses his balance and
text: falls on the floor. LINDA stands looking at him, holding her
text: jaw. She is crying. Tears are streaming down her face.
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBINE STREET - TOP OF HILL - DAY
text: Seven MUSICIANS, carrying their instruments, file silently
text: through the falling snow.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY BEHIND JOHN'S BAR - DAY
text: The WOMEN are all gathered, some fifteen or twenty, ranging
text: from grandmothers to young wives. About half of them wield
text: rolling pins or heavy pans. As the last reinforcements arrive
text: -- TWO HEFTY LADIES WITH TRUNCHEONS -- a roar of laughter
text: comes from inside.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S BAR - DAY
text: NICK, SAL, MERLE, VINCE, ALBERT and JOHN are dancing. The
text: MUSIC is at top volume and the smoke is thick enough to cut
text: with a knife. Suddenly, from the back, comes a CHORUS OF
text: SCREECHES AND FEMALE RECRIMINATIONS. The door to the alley
text: bursts open and the HEFTY LADIES WITH TRUNCHEONS appear. The
text: STEELWORKERS take one look, gulp their drinks, grab their
text: heads in their hands and rush for the front door.
scene_heading: EXT. JOHN'S BAR - FRONT ENTRANCE - DAY
text: The STEELWORKERS stream into the snow with the WOMEN close
text: behind. Several blows are delivered and the howls of
text: complaint are met with angry commands to hurry and get
text: dressed for Sal's wedding.
text: CAMERA CLOSES ON SAL, who emerges with NICK and MERLE. The
text: snow hits him a sobering blow and he comes to a stop.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Boy, this is it. This is really
dialog: it... I mean... here I go.
text: SAL'S MOTHER hurries out of the alley. She is crying.
speaker_heading: SAL'S MOTHER
dialog: My beautiful boy! My angel... who
text: is leaving his own mother.
text: She throws herself in SAL's arms, sobbing.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Momma...
speaker_heading: SAL'S MOTHER
dialog: So cold is your heart to leave your
dialog: own mother?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Momma, I'll be right upstairs.
text: SAL throws a look to NICK and MERLE. They gesture with
text: sympathy and study the snow flakes.
speaker_heading: SAL'S MOTHER
dialog: So cruel is your heart? Is your
dialog: heart so uncaring?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: (a litany now)
dialog: One flight, Momma. It's one flight.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NICK'S TRAILER - DAY
text: The trailer is a dented two-tone pink and cream job which
text: looks as if it had been purchased third-hand off a
text: construction site. It stands on cinder blocks in a small lot
text: which has been cut out of the side of the hill. A wrecked
text: school bus decorates it to the right. On the left is a bare
text: branched tree. NICK's black Cadillac is parked in front and a
text: light shows from inside the trailer.
text: CAMERA PICKS UP MERLE who is strolling toward the trailer
text: whistling through his teeth. He is wearing his tuxedo and
text: carries a knapsack and a deer rifle. He mounts the cinder
text: block steps and pounds on the trailer door. NICK opens the
text: door and waves him in.
scene_heading: INT. NICK'S TRAILER - DAY
text: The place is cramped, littered with camping paraphernalia. A
text: deer head is mounted above the sink and NICK, who is half
text: into his tuxedo, is applying waterproofing to a pair of heavy
text: boots. MERLE smiles, throws his kit on the stove and sits.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (indicates the
dialog: waterproofing)
dialog: You should have put that on last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: That way it sets.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: I just wait. You know?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: I just wait. For this... It's what
dialog: I wait for... I wait all year.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: So do I.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (sharp)
dialog: You do?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Yeah.
text: NICK grins, takes down his rifle and begins wiping the oil
dialog: off it.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: You think about it?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: So do I.
dialog: (watches Nick for a
dialog: minute)
dialog: I want to be ready... You have to
dialog: be ready... It has to be there, in
dialog: your mind.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: The shot?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Fucking A.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I don't think about the shot that
dialog: much.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: You have to think about the shot.
dialog: It's the shot. The shot's it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (uncertain)
dialog: Yeah... I guess.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (studies him)
dialog: What do you think about?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I don't know... I guess I think
dialog: about the deer... Being out, maybe.
dialog: I don't know. I think about it all.
dialog: Hell, I like the trees, you know? I
dialog: like the ways the trees are, all
dialog: the different ways the trees are
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (with a glance to the
dialog: window)
dialog: I'll tell you something, Nick. I
dialog: wouldn't hunt with anyone but you.
dialog: I won't hunt with a yo-yo.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Yo-yo! Who's a yo-yo?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Who's a yo-yo...? Who do you
dialog: think's a yo-yo! They're all yo
dialog: yo's. I mean they're all great
dialog: guys, for Christ's sake, but... The
dialog: point is, Nick, without you I'd
dialog: hunt alone. Seriously. I would.
dialog: That's what I'd do.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: You're a fucking nut. You know
dialog: that, Merle? You're a fucking
dialog: maniac!
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (he grins)
dialog: When it comes to hunting, that's
dialog: true.
text: Cursing and banging from outside. NICK opens the door. JOHN
text: and ALBERT, both in tuxedoes and loaded down with gear, are
text: pounding on the trunk of the Cadillac, trying to get it open.
text: NICK and MERLE go out.
scene_heading: EXT. NICK'S TRAILER - DAY
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Albert! For Christ's sake... John!
dialog: Wait a minute, you guys!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: It won't open.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You gotta hit it here. Here,
dialog: Albert, not there.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Where should I hit it? Just show me
dialog: where I should hit it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Here. Hit it here.
text: ALBERT hits the trunk in the indicated spot and the lid snaps
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Hey, that's neat.
text: NICK nods.
speaker_heading: ALBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: That's new, isn't it?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Couple of weeks... Listen --
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: I love this car. Some cars sit, you
dialog: know? This car, a car like this...
dialog: grows. I mean you never know, with
dialog: a car like this, where this car has
dialog: been.
text: VINCE comes up, also in tuxedo, and dragging a totally
text: disorganized clutter of hunting gear behind him.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Hey, guys...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Shhh! Albert's gonna hump the Coup
dialog: de Ville.
text: ALBERT looks around at his friends. He surveys the back end
text: of the Cadillac with simian pride. Then he expands his chest,
text: thumps on it with both fists and yodels out a magnificent,
text: mile-carrying Tarzan call. As the echo of it comes back the
text: church bell begins ringing down the street and a group of
text: excited BRIDESMAIDS come, hurrying up.
speaker_heading: BRIDESMAID 1
dialog: Albert, what are you doing!
speaker_heading: BRIDESMAID 2
dialog: Hurry up, you guys!
speaker_heading: BRIDESMAID 3
dialog: Who's got their carnations?
speaker_heading: BRIDESMAID 4
dialog: Here. They're right here.
speaker_heading: BRIDESMAID 1
dialog: Look at you! You're all a mess!
speaker_heading: BRIDESMAID 3
dialog: Put on their carnations!
speaker_heading: BRIDESMAID 1
dialog: Who's got a pin?
text: As the BRIDESMAIDS begin straightening ties and putting on
text: carnations, NICK hears someone call his name. He turns to
text: find LINDA standing beside the trailer where she can't be
text: seen. She looks pale and very frightened and she holds a
text: small suitcase in her hand.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (crosses)
dialog: Linda...
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Hi.
dialog: (forces a smile)
dialog: Nick, your shoes are soaking.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Linda, what's the matter?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (tries to toss it off)
dialog: Oh... You know...
text: She fights against it but the tears begin to come. NICK looks
text: around, pulls her inside the trailer.
scene_heading: INT. NICK'S TRAILER - DAY
text: NICK clears a place on the couch. LINDA sits, holding her
text: suitcase in her lap.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (with great effort)
dialog: I was just wondering... Nick...
dialog: You're going hunting... If I could
dialog: use this place to stay, because...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sure. Are you kidding? Sure.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I'd want to pay you... and I was
dialog: thinking --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (kneels in front of her)
dialog: Linda... Hey, Linda...
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I would want to pay you, Nick...
dialog: and I was thinking --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Linda, Linda...!
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (very small, looking into
dialog: his eyes)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Will you marry me?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (after a long, long
dialog: moment)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Would you?
text: LINDA nods - a solemn nod.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: You would?
text: LINDA's lip begins to tremble. Tears stand in her eyes and
text: she gives a little toss of her head.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Who else, dummy?
text: NICK stares at her. He can still hardly believe it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: This is terrific...! This is really
dialog: terrific!
text: LINDA nods. She is suddenly excited, suddenly radiantly
text: happy. She takes the suitcase off her lap and throws herself
text: in NICK's arms.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't know what we've been
dialog: waiting for!
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (eyes closed, loving him)
dialog: I don't know! I don't know either!
scene_heading: INT. GREEK ORTHODOX CHURCH - NIGHT
text: SAL and ANGELA stand facing each other as the PRIEST reads
dialog: the Holy Sacrament of Marriage.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: "Blessed be the Kingdom... now and
dialog: forever unto Ages and Ages...
text: As the PRIEST continues with the Holy Sacrament CAMERA PICKS
text: UP FACES IN THE CONGREGATION. We see SAL'S FAMILY. We see
text: ANGELA'S FAMILY. We see the VETS from the V.F.W. Post. We see
text: the STEELWORKERS from the bar and the WIVES and MOTHERS who
text: chased them home to change. They are hard faces -- working
dialog: class faces -- but we sense a fortitude among the
dialog: congregation, a community of both heart and spirit.
text: CAMERA PICKS UP NICK, MERLE, VINCE, ALBERT and JOHN standing
text: in a row opposite the BRIDESMAIDS. The guys all look slightly
text: disheveled. Their tuxedos are all too small and their shoes
text: are soaking wet from walking in the snow.
text: NICK catches LINDA's eye and they hold each other across the
text: intervening space like two children who are amazed.
text: The PRIEST hands white tapers to the bride and groom. CAMERA
text: CLOSES SLOWLY ON THE PRIEST. The man is impressive -- gentle
text: yet full of power. The PRIEST lights the tapers -- first
text: ANGELA's, then SAL's -- and looks out across the assembled
dialog: congregation.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: "For everyone that does evil hates
text: the light, and does not come to the
dialog: light, lest his deeds will be
dialog: reproved."
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBINE STREET - TOP OF THE HILL - NIGHT
text: Save for a lone figure trudging home, the street is deserted,
text: left to the gently falling snow. In the background the
text: massive silhouette of the steel mill is plainly visible, lit
text: with fire.
scene_heading: INT. GREEK ORTHODOX CHURCH - NIGHT
text: NICK, MERLE, VINCE, ALBERT and JOHN join with the BRIDESMAIDS
text: to assist the PRIEST in the crowning of SAL and ANGELA.
text: The PRIEST crowns SAL first.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: "The servant of God, Sal, is
dialog: crowned for the servant of God
dialog: Angela, in the Name of the Father
dialog: and of the Son and of the Holy
dialog: Ghost. Amen."
text: Now ANGELA is crowned.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (CONT'D)
dialog: "The servant of God, Angela, is
dialog: crowned for the servant of God,
dialog: Sal, in the Name of the Father and
dialog: of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.
dialog: Amen."
text: Guiding the couple by their joined hands the PRIEST leads SAL
text: and ANGELA around the analoy. The movement is very precise,
text: very formal, a circling to represent eternity.
scene_heading: INT. V.F.W. POST - DANCE FLOOR - NIGHT
text: The Band is going full blast and the whirling COUPLES, young
text: and old, are laughing.
text: We see SAL and ANGELA, NICK and LINDA, VINCE, ALBERT and
text: JOHN. The only one of the group not dancing is MERLE. MERLE
text: is drinking, standing alone on the side of the floor chugging
text: beer in tense, rapid-fire gulps. We sense immediately that he
text: feels out of place, at a loss to join spontaneously in the
text: spirit of the party. MERLE finishes the beer, crumples the
text: can and starts on another. As he picks up the second can he
text: notices that a SAD-LOOKING GIRL is sitting against the wall
text: behind him, waiting for someone to ask her to dance. The SAD
text: LOOKING GIRL gives MERLE a smile. MERLE pretends not to see
text: and moves behind a post.
scene_heading: INT. V.F.W. POST - TRESTLE TABLES - NIGHT
text: The wedding cake that was carried in earlier has now been
text: attacked from all sides, but the miniature bride and groom
text: are still standing in the middle. Unnoticed by each other
text: SAL'S MOTHER and ANGELA'S MOTHER eye the little figures. Both
text: women are in rather teary condition and begin moving toward
text: the cake. Suddenly, as the CROWD shifts, they encounter each
text: other face to face. Smiles are exchanged -- strained smiles,
text: which get stretched and stretched and stretched. Then, in
text: unison, they desert the smiling and remove their respective
text: offspring from the cake. SAL'S MOTHER looks down at her sugar
text: coated groom and ANGELA'S MOTHER looks down at her sugar
text: coated bride. Then they eye each other, burst into tears and
text: throw themselves in each other's arms, moaning and sobbing.
scene_heading: INT. V.F.W. POST - COAT ROOM - NIGHT
text: Another COUPLE tries to enter the rack. It is pretty full.
text: They finally find an empty place and squeeze in.
scene_heading: INT. V.F.W. POST - DANCE FLOOR - NIGHT
text: NICK comes off the floor with LINDA and throws an arm around
speaker_heading: MERLE.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sit with Linda, man, will ya?...
dialog: Give her a beer.
dialog: (to Linda with great
dialog: solicitude)
dialog: Would you like a beer?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What kind of beer would you like?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (to Merle)
dialog: Give her Miller's. Miller's High
dialog: Life.
text: NICK takes off. LINDA sits down at a table and MERLE goes to
text: the cooler to get a Miller's. He gropes around in the tub,
text: finds one and pops the tab. Suddenly he notices that NICK has
text: crossed to the SAD-LOOKING GIRL by the wall. He has stopped
text: in front of her and is asking her something. The SAD-LOOKING
text: GIRL gives a blush, gets out of her chair and NICK takes her
text: in his arms and begins to dance. The SAD-LOOKING GIRL looks
text: transformed. She begins chattering and laughing.
text: MERLE crosses back to LINDA and gives her the beer. As he
text: pulls up a chair to sit down beside her he stumbles and
text: nearly loses his balance. He is very drunk.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: It's okay, Merle.
text: NICK swings by with the SAD-LOOKING GIRL and waves.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (catching Linda's
dialog: expression)
dialog: I guess you like Nick.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Yes.
text: MERLE doesn't say anything for a moment. He seems to be
text: trying to contain a floodtide of emotion.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Fuckin' Nick...
dialog: (clears his throat)
dialog: Fuckin' Nick... gives.
text: (he nods, bangs his fist
dialog: on the table)
dialog: Gives. Fuckin' Nick gives.
scene_heading: INT. V.F.W. POST - COATROOM - NIGHT
text: The rack is still jammed with COUPLES but the laughing and
text: giggling has now given way to the sound of heavy breathing
text: and low moans.
text: What light there is comes from the colored glass ball
text: revolving above the dance floor, where the MUSIC is now
text: playing sweet and low.
text: The front door comes open and a U.S. Army SERGEANT steps into
text: the darkened hallway. The man wears his dress green uniform.
text: On his chest is a row of battle ribbons and his shoes are
text: brightly polished.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Pow!
text: The SERGEANT gives a beery chuckle and moves toward the dance
dialog: floor.
scene_heading: INT. V.F.W. POST - TRESTLE TABLE AREA - NIGHT
text: The SERGEANT passes between groups of celebrating GUESTS,
text: plucks a beer from one of the coolers and sits down alone at
text: the end of one of the white trestle tables.
scene_heading: INT. V.F.W. POST - DANCE FLOOR - NIGHT
text: ALBERT gives his Tarzan cry, suddenly picks his GIRL off her
text: feet and marches around holding her above his head.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Albert, what are you doing...
dialog: Albert!
scene_heading: INT. V.F.W. POST DANCE FLOOR - ANOTHER LOCATION - NIGHT
text: VINCE and JOHN are standing together. VINCE is going bananas
text: because his girl, MARSHA, is dancing too close to FRED.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Look at that, see... Watch. Wait a
dialog: minute, watch. There! D'j'u see
dialog: that? D'j'u see the way he... You
dialog: know what that guy is doing? That
dialog: guy is squeezing her ass!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh, well...
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Oh well! What do you mean Oh well?!
dialog: The guy is actually... He did it
dialog: again! That's what he's doing...
dialog: He... He's reaching in, John, to
dialog: her --! I'll kill him! I'm gonna
dialog: kill him right now.
text: VINCE marches up and taps FRED on the shoulder. FRED releases
text: MARSHA. MARSHA waits, one hand on her hip, while the two of
text: them exchange words. VINCE turns MARSHA, points to her ass.
text: FRED turns MARSHA, pints to the small of her back. VINCE is
text: hopping up and down now. So is FRED. MARSHA, who is getting
text: bored, points to the door. VINCE and FRED bang out. As soon
text: as they have gone MARSHA is taken by someone else who puts
text: his hand right back where FRED had it.
scene_heading: INT. V.F.W. POST - TRESTLE TABLES - NIGHT
text: NICK, SAL and MERLE are standing together, looking at the
scene_heading: SERGEANT.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Nick, he just came back.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: From Nam?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Fucking A. See that ribbon in the
dialog: left. That's Quan Son. That fucking
dialog: guy was at Quan Son!
text: MERLE gestures with his head. NICK and SAL cross with him to
text: the SERGEANT.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: We, ah... We're going too.
text: The SERGEANT looks at them and delivers a big, blank smile.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Pow!
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: What?
text: The SERGEANT keeps smiling.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Nick)
dialog: What'd he say?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Pow.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Pow?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Pow.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Oh.
text: MERLE nods.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (clears his throat)
dialog: Uh... well, maybe you could tell us
dialog: how it is over there?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Pow!
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Pow?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Pow!
text: MERLE looks at NICK. NICK looks at SAL. They all begin
text: scratching their heads, trying not to laugh.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Well, thanks a lot.
text: They turn away and then, when they are out of earshot, they
text: all break up, howling.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Who the hell is he?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Who the hell knows!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Is he from here?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Hell no!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Well, where's he from?
speaker_heading: MERLE AND SAL
dialog: (in unison)
dialog: Who the hell knows!
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (soberly)
dialog: Maybe he's lost.
speaker_heading: SAL AND NICK
dialog: Lost???
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (throws up his hands)
dialog: Well, I don't know!
scene_heading: INT. V.F.W. POST - NIGHT
text: The GUESTS have formed in a long double line which extends
text: from the dance floor right out into the street. Everyone is
text: pretty drunk and they are all armed with streamers and bags
text: of rice. As SAL and ANGELA appear from out of a back room
text: there is a great rowdy CHEER. The MUSICIANS strike up a
text: MARCH. Followed by the MUSICIANS, showered with streamers,
text: rice, advice and encouragement, SAL and ANGELA walk the
text: gauntlet toward the street, where a glossy, bright red
text: Pontiac with headers and straight pipes is being revved in a
text: series of ear-splitting crescendos.
scene_heading: EXT. V.F.W. POST - STREET - NIGHT
text: JOHN, ALBERT, MERLE and VINCENT are standing by the door.
text: Their tuxedos are stained and torn. Their carnations are
text: squashed and their clip-on bow ties are either missing
text: entirely or dangling from the open collars of their shirts.
text: VINCE looks the worst, with a black eye and half his pant leg
text: torn away, and they are all guzzling beer.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Bullshit! That's bullshit!
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: You wanna bet?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I'll betcha! That's bullshit and
dialog: I'll betcha! You're fulla shit!
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: How much? How much do you wanna
dialog: bet?
speaker_heading: OTHERS
dialog: Bet him! Bet him, Vince!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I'll betcha! I'll betcha... I'll
dialog: betcha twenty dollars!
scene_heading: EXT. V.F.W. POST - PARKED PONTIAC - NIGHT
text: SAL and ANGELA emerge to more CHEERS and a shower of
text: streamers and rice. ANGELA is helped into the Pontiac on the
text: right. NICK throws an arm around SAL and walks him around to
text: the driver's seat.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Don't worry what it says in the
dialog: book.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Just forget that. Forget what it
dialog: says in the book.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: I'm gonna start slow... At the top.
dialog: Then I'm gonna work down.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Great. That's great.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: That's my plan.
text: NICK gives SAL a hug. SAL gets in the car.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: See you Monday.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: See you Monday.
scene_heading: INT. PONTIAC - NIGHT
text: SAL looks over at ANGELA.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: All set, hon?
text: ANGELA nods. SAL puts the car into gear and starts slowly
text: off. Fists pound on the car. Rice and streamers shower down.
text: Suddenly, through the front windshield, MERLE appears, stark
text: naked, running in front of the car with colored paper
text: streamers floating out from his upraised right hand. For a
text: split second SAL cannot believe what he is seeing. He throws
text: a look at ANGELA. ANGELA covers her mouth in amazement and
text: then quickly shifts the hand to cover her eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: MERLE weaves down the street in front of the growling red
text: Pontiac. MERLE is not just running. He is leaping and
text: bounding, as if released from gravity and entered into a
text: realm of pure ethereal space.
text: NICK, ALBERT, VINCE and JOHN pound down the street behind the
text: Pontiac, ALBERT carrying MERLE's clothes.
speaker_heading: GUYS
dialog: Look at that! Fuckin' guy! Fuckin'
dialog: Merle!... Unbelievable!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: The road forks, one road going high to a parking area, the
text: other descending to the valley below. MERLE swerves up the
text: incline toward the parking area, while the Pontiac goes
text: straight and disappears down the hill.
text: ALBERT, VINCE and JOHN stagger to a stop, panting helplessly.
text: NICK grabs MERLE's clothes from ALBERT and takes off up the
dialog: hill.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE PARKING AREA - NIGHT
text: MERLE stands motionless, looking out across the valley as
text: NICK approaches. The night is brilliantly clear and the fires
text: from the mill light up the sky with an eerie glow.
text: NICK comes to a stop a few feet away.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Merle?
text: MERLE turns. His face has a strange, distant look, and he
text: gives NICK an almost feral grin.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: You think we'll ever come back?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (startled)
dialog: From Nam?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Yeah.
text: NICK moves up beside him. He doesn't know what to say.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: I love this fuckin' place... That
dialog: sounds crazy. I know that sounds
dialog: crazy, but I love this fuckin'
dialog: place... If anything happens, Nick,
dialog: don't leave me there. I mean it.
dialog: Don't leave me... You gotta
dialog: promise, Nick. You gotta promise me
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (half laughing)
dialog: Merle --
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Promise! You gotta promise!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You got it.
text: MERLE lets out his breath. It is as if some great weight had
text: been pressing on him.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (with a laugh)
dialog: Let's go huntin'. I mean let's do
dialog: it!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THRUWAY - NIGHT
text: NICK'S battered old shark-finned Cadillac comes screaming
dialog: past.
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC - NIGHT
text: NICK, MERLE, VINCE, ALBERT and JOHN, all of them still in
text: tuxedos, are jammed in the car between knapsacks, sleeping
text: bags, six packs of beer and deer rifles.
speaker_heading: GUYS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Let me be free! Let me be free!
dialog: If... you... will let me be free...
dialog: You'll... always be happy... with
dialog: me-e-e-e!!!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: (making a trumpet sound)
dialog: Wa-wa-wa!... Waaaaa!!!
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD - NIGHT
text: Tale Cadillac comes blasting by...
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC - NIGHT
text: NICK is hunched over the wheel, his eyes gone completely
text: glassy. MERLE and VINCE are on the nod, while ALBERT and
text: JOHN, both half asleep, are having a lead-voiced
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: She fucked you?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: She fucked me.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: She fucked me too.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: She fucked you?
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: She fucked me too.
text: There is a long pause. They both struggle to keep their eyes
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: She fucked us both.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Fucking women, man...
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: I know...
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC NIGHT
text: NICK'S head is sunk below the upper rim of the steering
text: wheel. One eye is entirely shut and the open one seems close
text: to death. Suddenly his head snaps up. He slams his foot down
text: on the brake and the Cadillac fishtails, rubber screaming, to
text: a jolting stop.
text: EVERYONE in the car comes awake ten bleary eyes staring out
text: through the windshield.
text: There are deer in the road, fifteen or twenty of them
text: standing in the headlights.
scene_heading: EXT. CADILLAC - NIGHT
text: VINCE, ALBERT, NICK and JOHN pile out with their rifles.
text: VINCE immediately slips and falls down.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Get 'em! For Christ sake, get 'em!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Who's got the ammo?
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Ammo! Get the ammo!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I'll get it! Where is it?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It's in the trunk!... It's in the
dialog: trunk! I'm telling you, it's in the
dialog: trunk!
text: VINCE, ALBERT and JOHN rush around to the trunk. ALBERT
text: begins pounding on it.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: There, Albert! Hit it there!
text: Pushing and shoving each other, VINCE, ALBERT and JOHN rush
text: around to the side of the car. As they pass along the
text: embankment at the side of the road there is a soft sound,
text: like a sigh, and all three of them simultaneously vanish.
text: NICK, who has been watching, stares at the place where his
text: three friends disappeared. He takes a few steps forward,
text: realizes what has happened and doubles up in the middle of
text: the road, helpless with laughter.
speaker_heading: VINCE (CONT'D)
dialog: (getting out of the car)
dialog: Man, let's go hunting!... Where are
dialog: they?
text: NICK makes a gesture, a downward pointing of his finger.
text: VINCE crosses to the side of the road.
scene_heading: EXT. RAVINE - NIGHT
text: The slope is a good 45 plus. At the bottom, barely visible,
text: three tiny figures flop in the snow.
scene_heading: EXT. CADILLAC - NIGHT
text: VINCE looks down at the three hunters with an expression of
text: absolute disgust. He looks at NICK -- flat on his back,
text: pounding his feet, howling -- and then he looks at the deer.
text: The deer are still watching. If anything they have edged
text: closer and their massed expression of polite curiosity throws
text: VINCE into a blind rage.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Get out of here, damn you! Go
dialog: home!... Scat!... Shoo!
text: VINCE, whose rifle is fully loaded, slams a shell into the
text: chamber and lets off a barrage of shots above the deer.
speaker_heading: VINCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Bastards! Assholes! Get lost!
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN PASS - DAWN
text: The sky is cold -- first light -- with low, wind-driven
text: clouds. CAMERA TILTS DOWN and we see NICK's Cadillac coming
text: up a narrow road flanked by precipitous, heavily forested
text: ridges on both sides.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD - DAWN
text: The Cadillac seems minuscule, overwhelmed by the massive,
text: black slopes looming up from the road.
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC - DAWN
text: Everyone is eating cold hot dogs, ripping them out of a half
text: dozen plastic packages, dipping them in a jar of mustard and
text: stuffing them down. Hot dog juice has dripped over
text: everything, potato chips are littered everywhere and both
text: beer and milk are being passed around.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Fuel up. Need fuel.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Those are mine!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: You want 'em?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Damn right!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Gimme a Hostess Twinkie, Merle.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Here's a Hershey.
text: ALBERT tears off the wrapper, dips it in the mustard and
text: glomps it down.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That's mustard!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: (mouth jammed full)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You just put mustard on your
dialog: Hershey bar.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Good... Pass the beer.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: (pointing to a location
dialog: beside the road)
dialog: Here, here! This is it!
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (milk slopping over him)
dialog: Watch it, shithead!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: (pounds Nick on the
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: Here! This is it!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: It is not!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: It is too! Now you passed it!
speaker_heading: MERLE
text: It's ahead, by the tree.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It's ahead, Vince.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: That isn't it! There's no way
dialog: that's it... Unless they changed
dialog: it. They might have changed it.
text: NICK pulls to a stop on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: VINCE (CONT'D)
dialog: They changed it. That's what they
dialog: did. This is it but they changed
dialog: it.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE AREA - DAWN
text: The sky is just turning grey. A cold wind is blowing, moaning
text: in the trees and swirling a fine haze of snow across the open
text: roadway. The guys all pile out in their wrecked tuxedos.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: This is it. Definitely. This is it,
dialog: but they changed it.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: You're full of shit.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Who's full of shit?
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: You're full of shit!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I'm telling you, they changed it!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: They did not!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: They did too!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Jesus, it's freezing!
text: NICK, MERLE and JOHN have the trunk open and are taking stuff
text: out. MERLE strips down where he stands and begins putting on
text: his hunting clothes. ALBERT and VINCE grab their things and
text: follow the example of NICK and JOHN, who are changing on the
text: corner of the seats.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Whee-uu!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Jesus!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Holy shit!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Merle, hey Merle, you got any
dialog: socks?
text: MERLE, who is crouched down studying the hillside, looks
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: VINCE (CONT'D)
dialog: (rummaging around in the
dialog: mess of things he has
dialog: brought)
dialog: Never mind, Merle. Never mind, I
dialog: got 'em... Where the hell are my
dialog: pants? Anyone see my pants?... Who
dialog: the hell took my pants!
text: VINCE begins plunging around.
speaker_heading: OTHERS
dialog: Fuckhead! Watch it!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Somebody took my pants... I know I
dialog: brought pants.
text: VINCE tears into another pile of equipment, comes up with
text: nothing and steps out of the car.
speaker_heading: VINCE (CONT'D)
dialog: All right. All right, you guys.
dialog: Whoever took my pants, I want 'em
dialog: back!
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE AREA - DAWN - LATER
text: Shots are ringing out in the hills. NICK, ALBERT and JOHN
text: stand by the roadside while VINCE and MERLE glare at each
text: other. VINCE is still in his tuxedo pants, is still wearing
text: his dress shoes and is draped in a gigantic red goose down
text: vest that could only have come from ALBERT. MERLE's knapsack
text: lies on the ground in front of him and we can see that it
text: contains a pair of Vibram-soled mountain boots.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Sure I got boots. I got boots right
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Then lemme have 'em.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: (both hands in the air)
dialog: No!!!?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: What do you mean, no???
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: That's it. No. No way.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Some fuckin' friend... You're some
dialog: fuckin' friend, Merle!
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: You gotta learn, Vince! You come
dialog: out here... You got no jacket, you
dialog: got no pants, you got no knife and
dialog: you got no boots. You think
dialog: everyone's gonna take care of you!
dialog: That's what you always think, but
dialog: this time you're wrong. This time
dialog: you're on your own!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Merle, give him the boots.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: No. No boots. No nothin'.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: You're one fuckin' bastard, Merle.
dialog: You know that? You're one fucking
dialog: bastard!
speaker_heading: MERLE
text: (snapping it out, jabbing
dialog: his finger at the ground)
dialog: This is this, Vince. This isn't
dialog: something else. This is this!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: You know what I think? There's
dialog: times I think you're a goddamn
dialog: faggot!... I fixed you up a million
dialog: times, Merle!
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: I fixed him up a million times! I
dialog: don't know how many times I fixed
dialog: him up... and nothin' ever
dialog: happens... Zilch! Zero!... The
dialog: trouble with you, Merle, no one
dialog: knows what you're talking about!
dialog: "This is this"? What does that
dialog: mean, "this is this"? I mean is
dialog: that some faggot bullshit, or is
dialog: that some faggot bullshit!!! And if
dialog: it isn't, what the hell is it???
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Vince. Hey, you guys --
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: (hopping now)
dialog: Take last night...! Last night he
dialog: coulda had twenty fuckin' deer!
dialog: More! He coulda had more! And look
dialog: what he does! I mean look what he
dialog: fuckin' does!!!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Vince!!!
text: JOHN throws up his hands in a comical way.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll get the boots.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: (in agreement)
dialog: Get the boots.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (crossing to Merle's
dialog: knapsack)
dialog: I mean let's get going before --
text: MERLE -- who has remained completely calm throughout VINCE's
text: tirade -- pumps a shell in the chamber of his rifle. JOHN
text: freezes in his tracks and stares at him, his face gone white.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: I said no.
text: JOHN looks at ALBERT, who is right behind him, and they both
text: back away. VINCE, who is standing directly opposite MERLE,
text: begins to tremble. His mouth comes open, closes and comes
text: open again. Urine begins trickling out from the bottom of his
text: pants leg, staining the snow. Suddenly, NICK steps forward.
text: He looks at MERLE, crosses to the knapsack, takes out the
text: boots, walks over to VINCE and throws them on the road.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (gently, to Merle)
dialog: Let's hunt.
scene_heading: INT. BUSTED-DOWN OLD LOGGERS SHACK - NIGHT
text: The place is about nine-by-twelve. The floor is rotted out,
text: boards are missing from the walls and the entire structure is
text: canted to the right. Hanging from the roof peak is a hissing
text: Coleman lantern which sways in the wind.
text: VINCE, ALBERT and JOHN are sacked out, sound asleep. Beer
text: cans -- some old, some new -- litter the floor. Wet clothes,
text: most of them bloody, hang from tie-boards and nails. Strung
text: up on the end wall are two deer carcasses, one of them with a
text: knife jammed in it where steaks have been cut out.
text: Snow is blowing in -- dry, crystal bright. It swirls over
text: everything and settles on the sleeping figures on the floor.
text: CAMERA DISCOVERS MERLE AND NICK. They are both in sleeping
text: bags, lying on rusted bedsprings at either side of the broken
text: door. The wind gusts and moans. The cabin shudders and then
text: there is a sudden lull.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Hey, Nick?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Tomorrow I go with Vince.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hunt with Vince?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Yeah... I mean so he knows... He
dialog: doesn't even know.
scene_heading: EXT. THRUWAY PITTSBURGH OFF-RAMP - TWILIGHT
text: Traffic is heavy, an unending flow of cars, a river of
text: headlights suspended on a curved concrete trestle which seems
text: to float in thin air. Behind is the mill, belching steam and
text: ablaze with fire.
text: NICK's Cadillac appears, horn blaring, weaving through the
text: traffic. The car sits low. Trussed to the hood, to the roof,
text: to the trunk, are the carcasses of five deer. Rope-ends
text: flutter and bang in the wind. The car shudders and thuds.
text: Inside, grinning maniacally, NICK, MERLE, VINCE, ALBERT and
text: JOHN are all shouting and guzzling beer.
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBINE STREET - TWILIGHT
text: The Caddy appears, swerving onto Columbine with tires
text: screaming and NICK still leaning on the horn. The guys are
text: all hanging out the windows, shouting to FRIENDS, whistling
text: at GIRLS and banging a triumphant tatoo on the doors.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Maxie! Hey Maxie wha'd'ya say!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hey Geraldine, let's eat!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Nothin' to it, asshole! Piece o'
dialog: fuckin' cake!
text: As the car ascends the grade the mill appears behind it,
text: seeming to loom upward under the pink-streaked twilight sky.
text: CAMERA HOLDS AS THE CAR COMES TOWARD IT. The headlights blaze
text: white, like huge hungry stars, and the eyes of the dead deer
text: on the fenders glitter gold and green and red.
text: ALBERT leans out the window and gives his Tarzan call... IT
text: SEEMS TO ECHO, AS IF COMING FROM FAR AWAY,
scene_heading: FREEZE FRAME...
scene_heading: EXT. CLOSE-UP OF JUNGLE LEAF - DAY
text: The leaf is being eaten by an exotic-looking insect. After
text: each bite, the insect lifts its head, produces an exceedingly
text: thoughtful expression, and chews.
text: WE HEAR THE BUZZ AND CREAK OF OTHER INSECTS, THEN A DULL,
scene_heading: FLUTTERING DRONE. THE DRONE GROWS LOUDER...
scene_heading: EXT. HELICOPTER SQUADRON - SOUTH VIETNAM - DAY
text: There are twenty of them, coming fast and low, just over the
text: tops of the trees. Sunlight gleams on their paint and
text: murderous-looking rockets are packed to their bellies in fat
text: clusters, like eggs.
text: Suddenly, in unison, they fire the rockets.
scene_heading: EXT. RANGE OF LOW HILLS - SOUTH VIETNAM - DAY
text: As the rockets streak away the lightened choppers shoot
text: upward, lost to sight. There is an eerie silence and then the
text: hillside explodes, vanishes in a sheet of smoke and flame two
text: miles wide.
scene_heading: EXT. DUSTY ROAD - DAY
text: A platoon of AMERICANS have been ambushed on the road. The
text: bodies lie helter-skelter -- headless, armless, legless, guts
text: spilled in the dirt. No one moves and there is absolute
text: silence except for the low buzz of flies.
text: A V.C. LIEUTENANT steps into sight. He gives a brusque
text: command and V.C. SOLDIERS step out of the jungle. The
text: LIEUTENANT bayonets a few of the fallen U.S. SOLDIERS --
text: idly, without much interest -- and then cracks a joke as he
text: rubs his finger in the Americans' blood. The V.C. SOLDIERS
text: laugh, spear a few AMERICANS themselves and repeat the joke.
text: There is a slight sound. The V.C. LIEUTENANT spins and gives
text: a low command. Fifty feet away there are three grass huts.
text: He signals his SOLDIERS to spread out and then he starts
text: toward them.
scene_heading: INT. GRASS HUT - DAY
text: South Vietnamese VILLAGERS -- women, children, and a few old
text: men -- sit huddled in the semi-darkness. The WOMEN hold their
text: hands over their BABIES' mouths. Flies buzz and there is a
text: look of stark terror in their faces.
scene_heading: EXT. DUSTY ROAD - DAY
text: One of the fallen AMERICANS moves. CAMERA CLOSES ON THE
text: SOLDIER. His face is in the dirt and flies are nuzzling at a
text: gash in his temple. The face is unshaven, frighteningly
text: gaunt, but we recognize that it is MERLE.
text: A WOMAN'S SCREAM comes from the direction of the huts. A shot
text: rings out. MERLE pulls himself to his hands and knees and
text: stands there, on all fours, like a dog.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASS HUTS - DAY
text: The V.C. roust the VILLAGERS from their huts, smashing them
text: in the back with rifle butts. One of the SOLDIERS emerges
text: from a hut carrying two small BABIES upside-down by their
text: feet. One of the WOMEN cries out. The SOLDIER gives her a
text: kick, swings one of her BABIES in the air and lets it go. The
text: BABY turns over and over against the blue sky. As the BABY
text: comes down ANOTHER SOLDIER catches it through the neck on the
text: end of his bayonet.
scene_heading: EXT. DUSTY ROAD - DAY
text: MERLE strips a B.A.R. from one of his dead companions, slams
text: a fresh clip in it, jams two extras in his pants and starts
text: for the grass huts. His movements are slow, almost dreamlike,
text: and his face is expressionless, like someone risen from the
dialog: dead.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASS HUTS DAY
text: The VILLAGERS -- about twenty of them -- have been formed in
text: a line. As the SOLDIERS look on the V.C. LIEUTENANT walks up
text: and down trying to extract information. The SPEARED BABY lies
text: in the dust between the two groups. The SECOND BABY tries to
text: play with it. The SOLDIER who threw the dead baby in the air
text: squats nearby and yawns.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASS HUTS - ANOTHER ANGLE - DAY
text: MERLE approaches between the huts. He takes a quick look
text: around the corner, finds the V.C. all bunched in a neat
text: package and draws back.
text: CAMERA CLOSES ON MERLE'S EYES. They are cold, dreaming
text: things, glittering blankly.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASS HUTS - DAY
text: MERLE spins out with the B.A.R. on full automatic. The V.C.
text: SOLDIERS go down screaming, arms and necks thrown back, in a
text: thin mist of spraying blood.
text: ABOVE THE CHATTER OF MERLE'S B.A.R. WE HEAR A GROWING ROAR.
scene_heading: EXT. APPROACHING AMERICAN HELICOPTERS - DAY
text: There are five of them, coming in low under the tops of
text: nearby trees.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASS HUTS - THE VILLAGERS - DAY
text: The VILLAGERS stand motionless, staring at the helicopters
text: and frozen with terror. They turn. They start to run. And
text: then they disappear in a roaring wall of burning napalm.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASS HUTS AFTER NAPALM ATTACK - DAY
text: MERLE stands alone with his B.A.R. surrounded by clouds of
text: billowing black smoke. There is no sound but the rush of
text: heated air and the faint crackle of flames. MERLE'S clothes
text: are burning. Flames are licking up his trouser legs and a
text: blob of napalm is burning fiercely on his helmet.
text: In front of MERLE the SOLDIERS and the VILLAGERS lie in two
text: charred heaps. The BABIES lie between them. Both are
text: motionless now, like two roasted stones.
text: An AMERICAN LIEUTENANT steps out from behind one of the
text: burning huts. MERLE and the LIEUTENANT spin on each other and
text: then the LIEUTENANT lowers his carbine.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: What the hell are you doing here?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (numb)
text: Saving lives.
text: MORE AMERICANS appear, some twenty of them, coming out of the
text: trees in a long line. Among them are NICK and SAL.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Move it out, girls! Move it out!
text: The LIEUTENANT heads down the line. NICK stares at MERLE.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Merle?... Jesus, Merle!
text: MERLE turns and looks at NICK. There is no recognition. He
text: seems to be looking right through him.
text: SAL comes up behind NICK.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Hey...! Hey, Merle!
text: A shot rings out. The LIEUTENANT goes down and suddenly the
text: whole line of AMERICANS is caught in a murderous cross-fire.
text: Grenades rain out of the trees. MERLE, NICK and SAL dive for
dialog: cover.
text: Out of the smoke V.C. SOLDIERS begin to appear, more and more
text: of them, swarming out of the jungle in scores.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING IN THE JUNGLE - HEAVY RAIN - DAY
text: We are looking at the ground where three pits have been dug
text: and fitted with bamboo gratings which are held down by
text: stones. The ground is ankle-deep in running mud and the pits
text: are filled with water to within a foot of the bamboo
text: gratings. In each of the pits are about a half-dozen men --
text: SOUTH VIETNAMESE and AMERICAN. Their hands grip the gratings
text: and their eyes are hollow. Other than an occasional groan
text: there is only the sound of the falling rain.
text: A V.C. SOLDIER trudges out of the jungle. As he reaches the
text: pits he notices the hands, curses and begins jumping up and
text: down on the bamboo gratings. The hands disappear. As soon as
text: one comes back, the SOLDIER stomps on it, shrieking with
text: laughter. Then, almost as an afterthought, the SOLDIER pulls
text: down his pants and squats above the center grating.
text: CAMERA TILTS SLOWLY UPWARD. We see the clearing in its
text: totality. It is a raw hole hacked out of the jungle and
text: contains only two structures. One is a large bamboo "tiger
text: cage" with a few leaves tied to its top. The other is a small
text: hut with a thatched roof. The walls of the hut are open and
text: we can see V.C. GUARDS moving about inside.
text: A cry comes from the hut. There is the THUD of a rifle butt
text: on flesh and the cry abruptly stops.
scene_heading: INT. THATCHED HUT - DAY
text: In the middle of the hut is an American kitchen table with a
text: rose-patterned plastic top. At opposite ends of the table are
text: two chairs. A SOUTH VIETNAMESE PRISONER sits in one of the
text: chairs. In the other chair, facing him, is MERLE.
text: The SOUTH VIETNAMESE has a welt on his head and one of the
text: half-dozen V.C. GUARDS in the hut is screaming at him. In the
text: middle of the table, between the SOUTH VIETNAMESE and MERLE,
text: is a single-action .45 caliber revolver with an American
text: eagle carved on its ivory grip.
text: MERLE sits quietly, waiting, but his eyes are working, taking
text: in every detail of the scene. The V.C. GUARD gives the SOUTH
text: VIETNAMESE a final cuff, takes up the revolver with a
text: dramatic flourish and loads one cartridge into the chamber.
text: Immediately the OTHER GUARDS begin placing bets. The GUARDS
text: are a ragged bunch -- wet, half-drunk on captured Budweiser,
text: and it takes some time to straighten things out.
text: MERLE looks off to his right:
scene_heading: INT. THATCHED HUT - REVERSE ANGLE - DAY
text: We see more SOUTH VIETNAMESE and AMERICAN prisoners standing
text: against the wall. Most of them have been badly beaten and all
text: have their elbows tied behind their backs. In among them,
text: standing beside one another, are NICK and SAL. NICK looks
text: grey, like a skinny ghost. SAL is out of control, sobbing
dialog: quietly.
scene_heading: INT. THATCHED HUT - ORIGINAL ANGLE - DAY
text: The betting is now completed. The V.C. in charge waves the
text: .45 around and calls for silence. Then, closing the cylinder
text: containing the single bullet, he points the revolver at the
text: ceiling and clicks through the empty chambers until the
text: revolver goes off with a ROAR. Bits of thatch flutter down
text: from the ceiling. The V.C. GUARDS shout enthusiastically and
dialog: grin.
text: MERLE sits motionless. The SOUTH VIETNAMESE across the table
text: from him begins shaking uncontrollably.
text: The V.C. in charge now reloads the revolver with one
text: cartridge, snaps the cylinder shut, puts the gun on the table
text: between MERLE and the SOUTH VIETNAMESE and gives it a good
dialog: spin.
text: The revolver slows and finally comes to a stop pointing at
text: MERLE. MERLE stares at it for a long beat. Then he picks it
text: up, spins the cylinder, cocks it, puts it to his temple and
text: pulls the trigger. The hammer falls on an empty chamber with
text: a loud CLICK.
text: MERLE places the revolver back on the table and pushes it
text: toward the SOUTH VIETNAMESE. The SOUTH VIETNAMESE begins to
text: tremble again. Fumbling horribly he finally manages to get
text: the gun in his hand. He spins the cylinder, cocks the hammer
text: and puts the gun to his temple. The gun weaves around.
text: The SOUTH VIETNAMESE closes his eyes and pulls the trigger.
text: There is a loud CLICK.
text: MERLE takes the revolver again. He spins it, cocks it -- all
text: in one smooth motion -- puts it to his temple and pulls the
text: trigger. There is another CLICK.
text: MERLE pushes the gun back across the table. This time the
text: SOUTH VIETNAMESE takes it up with sudden confidence. He spins
text: the cylinder, cocks it, puts it to his temple and pulls on
dialog: the trigger.
text: THERE IS A ROAR. THE PISTOL IS FLYING IN THE AIR AND THEN THE
text: MAN'S HEAD, HALF-EXPLODED, CRASHES OVER ONTO THE KITCHEN
speaker_heading: TABLE.
text: MERLE doesn't even blink. The GUARDS begin hooting and
text: laughing, wiping pieces of brain from their clothes, and
text: MERLE watches them, watches every gesture, every movement...
text: like a cat.
scene_heading: EXT. THATCHED HUT - LATER DAY
text: A pile of bodies lie by the steps in the pouring rain. The
text: bodies are both SOUTH VIETNAMESE and AMERICAN. Their heads
text: are all variously blown to pieces and SEVERAL HUGE RATS are
text: already feeding on them.
scene_heading: INT. THATCHED HUT - TABLE AREA - DAY
text: NICK is at the table now, opposite a SOUTH VIETNAMESE. He
text: holds the pistol by his chin, spins the cylinder. His face is
text: twitching, dripping sweat and both he and his opponent are
text: holding onto each other's eyes as if they had been at it for
dialog: a long time.
text: NICK raises the pistol to his temple, CLICKS OUT. The GUARDS
text: murmur. NICK pushes the pistol across the table.
scene_heading: INT. THATCHED HUT - PRISONER END - DAY
dialog: There are no Americans left to play except SAL. The sobbing
text: has stopped but SAL is shaking and trembling and his eyes
text: wander around in their sockets as if they been cut loose.
text: MERLE, who lies on the floor nearby, is trying to talk to
text: SAL. As he does so we hear the CLICKS coming from across the
text: room and the excited MURMURS of the GUARDS as their betting
dialog: choice survives another round.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: You can do it, Sal.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: No. No, no.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Sal... listen to me, Sal! You have
dialog: to do it.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: I want to go home, Merle.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: You have to think about this, Sal.
dialog: Listen to me, Sal! You have to
dialog: think about this.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: (tears again)
dialog: This is horrible!
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Listen to me, Sal. If you don't do
dialog: it they'll put you in the pit. If
dialog: they put you in the pit, Sal,
dialog: you're gonna die... Sal, do you
dialog: understand?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Merle, I wanna go home!
text: There is an EXPLOSION from the other end of the room. SAL'S
text: eyes go wide and he lets out a whimpering SCREAM. The GUARDS
text: open a path and NICK appears. His knees won't support him and
text: the GUARD who is holding him throws him on the floor.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Listen to me, Sal. Do it! You have
dialog: to do it!
text: The GUARD who delivered NICK jerks SAL to his feet and drags
text: him of f to the table.
scene_heading: INT. THATCHED HUT - TABLE AREA - DAY
text: SAL is thrown in the chair. A SOUTH VIETNAMESE is placed
text: opposite him. The SOUTH VIETNAMESE is a kid, even younger
text: than SAL, and he is trembling with terror.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Hey, listen, you can do it.
dialog: (Sal nods, smiles)
dialog: Believe me, you can do it. We can
dialog: both do it. Then we go home, see?
dialog: Then we go home!
text: SAL looks down. The pistol is ending its spin and the muzzle
text: comes up pointing at the SOUTH VIETNAMESE. The SOUTH
text: VIETNAMESE stares at the gun and tears begin to fill his
text: eyes. The GUARDS begin yelling at him, urging him on and then
text: SAL gives him a SMILE OF SUCH UNWAVERING FAITH that the SOUTH
text: VIETNAMESE picks up the gun, fumbles the cylinder around,
text: cocks it and puts it to his temple. For a moment SAL and the
text: SOUTH VIETNAMESE look at each other. THE SOUTH VIETNAMESE IS
text: TAKING HIS FAITH STRAIGHT OUT OF SAL'S EYES AND NOW SAL GIVES
text: HIM ANOTHER ENCOURAGING NOD.
text: The SOUTH VIETNAMESE BOY squeezes the trigger. THERE IS AN
text: EXPLOSION AND HIS HEAD DISINTEGRATES WITH A ROAR.
text: SAL sits motionless, his jaw hanging open and his face formed
text: in an expression of terrible puzzlement. Then his face begins
text: to move, begins to twitch, as if the muscles were trying to
text: discover a frown. SAL looks around. He looks back again at
text: the place where his friend was sitting and he begins to cry.
scene_heading: INT. TIGER CAGE - HEAVY RAIN - FOLLOWING DAY
text: A half-dozen SOUTH VIETNAMESE sit huddled together in the
text: muck on the uphill side. A seventh lies sprawled on his back,
text: DEAD. The rain pours through the few leaves placed on the
text: roof and splashes in great cascades in the middle of the
dialog: floor.
text: On the downhill side are SAL, NICK and MERLE. SAL is in a
text: fetal position, gripping his knees and rocking himself back
text: and forth. His eyes are vacant and his face is fixed in an
text: expression of horror, as if he were still watching the boy at
text: the table blow himself away. Beside SAL is NICK. NICK sits
text: slumped against the bamboo. One knee is raised and he is
text: picking at the threads of his trousers where they have torn
text: at the knee.
text: MERLE IS STANDING, GRIPPING THE BAMBOO WALLS OF THE CAGE AND
text: LOOKING OUT AT THE "PITS".
scene_heading: EXT. THE PITS - MERLE'S POV - HEAVY RAIN - DAY
text: The pits are about twenty feet away. Running mud and water
text: gurgle into them, coming out through shallow trenches on the
text: downhill side. There are fewer hands than the day before, far
text: fewer. The nearest pit only has one pair and as MERLE watches
text: he sees that these hands are struggling to keep their grip.
text: SUDDENLY ONE OF THE HANDS SLIPS AWAY. THE HAND COMES BACK FOR
text: A MOMENT, THEN BOTH HANDS DISAPPEAR.
scene_heading: INT. TIGER CAGE - HEAVY RAIN - DAY
text: MERLE turns away from the "pits". He looks down at SAL, then
text: he looks at NICK. His expression is one of exasperation, as
text: if he had been having a long argument.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: I'm telling you, Nick, no one's
dialog: going to come.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What are you, God?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Listen, asshole, it's up to us!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: They bombed last night, right?
dialog: Didn't they bomb? If they bombed
dialog: last night, they could bomb
dialog: tonight. They could be up there
dialog: right now!
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: What are you, hoping?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: I thought you might be praying.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'm doing that too.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: I suppose you wish you were
dialog: somewhere else?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Nick, you're wasting your time...
dialog: Listen to me! You're wasting your
dialog: time! This is no fucking time for
dialog: hoping or praying or wishing or any
dialog: other shit! This is it. Here we
dialog: are... And we gotta get out!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You're right... Okay, you're right.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (grabs him)
dialog: Get off your ass, Nick. Get off
dialog: your fucking ass and stand up!!!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (stands)
dialog: Okay, okay!
dialog: (he straightens his
dialog: shoulders)
dialog: Okay. Okay, you're right... What
dialog: about Sal?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Forget Sal.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: I mean forget Sal... Sal can't take
dialog: it, Nick.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Forget Sal?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Forget Sal... Listen to me --
dialog: forget Sal! I've been working on
text: Sal since dawn, Nick. Sal's in a
dialog: dream and he won't come out.
dialog: LISTEN!!! From here on you gotta go
dialog: for you. You hear me? For you!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Merle...
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: LISTEN, NICK! GET IT THROUGH YOUR
dialog: HEAD OR YOU AND ME ARE BOTH DEAD
speaker_heading: TOO!
text: A shout comes from the thatched hut. The SOUTH VIETNAMESE
text: whip around in fright. MERLE and NICK turn.
text: Through the bars of the "tiger cage" we see the V.C. GUARDS
text: coming down from the thatched hut. The GUARDS are all
text: drinking beer again and the GUARD IN CHARGE is waving the
text: pearl-handled revolver.
text: NICK looks at MERLE. The sight has totally unnerved him.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (calm)
dialog: We gotta play with more bullets.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We what?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: We gotta play with more bullets,
dialog: Nick. It's the only way.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: More bullets in the gun?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (even)
dialog: More bullets in the gun... The
dialog: trouble is that still leaves one of
dialog: us with his hands tied up, so that
dialog: means we gotta play each other.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (numb)
dialog: With more bullets?... Against each
dialog: other?... Are you crazy!!! Are you
dialog: fucking nuts!!!
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Nick... NICK!!! It's the only
dialog: chance we've got!
text: NICK stares at MERLE. Rain is pouring off them in rivulets
text: and the VOICES of the approaching GUARDS are getting louder.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: How many bullets?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (watching him)
dialog: Three bullets -- minimum.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (panic)
dialog: No way. No fucking way!
speaker_heading: MERLE
text: (evenly, holding him with
dialog: his eyes)
dialog: I'll pick the moment, Nick. The
dialog: game goes on until I move. When I
dialog: start shooting, go for the nearest
text: guard and get his gun.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No. No way!
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: When you get the AK, open up. You
dialog: got me? Open up.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: YOU'RE CRAZY!!!... NO WAY!... NOW
text: YOU'RE CRAZY!!! YOU'RE COMPLETELY
dialog: CRAZY!!!
text: The GUARDS begin screaming orders from outside the cage and
text: ONE OF THEM lets off a blast of automatic rifle fire which
text: shreds the bamboo roof just above the PRISONERS' heads. NICK
text: and MERLE grab SAL and drag him to the door.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING IN THE JUNGLE - HEAVY RAIN - DAY
text: As the PRISONERS emerge from the "tiger cage" the GUARDS
text: smash them with their rifle butts, screaming orders. In the
text: melee SAL is separated from NICK and MERLE, both of whom are
text: knocked to the ground by furious blows. When they get to
text: their feet they see that SAL is wandering off alone in the
text: direction of the "pits". One of the GUARDS spots SAL and
text: clubs him down.
text: SAL gets up and begins wandering off again. The GUARD clubs
text: him down again, turns to the GUARD IN CHARGE and begins
text: complaining. The GUARD IN CHARGE dispatches a SECOND GUARD to
text: help the FIRST and the TWO GUARDS open the bamboo grating on
dialog: one of the "pits".
text: MERLE turns to NICK, who is standing beside him.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: It's up to you, Nick. Now it's up
dialog: to you.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING IN THE JUNGLE - THE "PITS" - DAY
dialog: SAL has absolutely no comprehension of what is about to
text: happen to him. His eyes are dreamy, far away, as if he had
text: mentally transported himself to some distant place. There are
text: great gashes in his head from the blows he has received and
text: as he stands waiting in the pouring rain he looks exactly
dialog: like a very small child who has experienced some terrible
dialog: confusion.
text: Suddenly the GUARD standing beside SAL wrenches him around.
text: We see the pit now, CLOSE UP. There are four bloated CORPSES
text: floating in the muck.
text: We SAL'S FACE, CLOSE UP. He gives a CRY and tries to turn
dialog: away.
text: We see the GUARDS pick SAL up, SCREAMING. We see the SPLASH
text: as SAL hits the water and then we see him surface between the
text: bloated CORPSES, STILL SCREAMING, paddling desperately and
text: trying to find something solid to hod him up.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING IN THE JUNGLE - WAITING PRISONERS - DAY
text: NICK stands motionless, stunned, listening to SAL'S SCREAMS.
text: MERLE has his attention focused on the GUARD IN CHARGE and
text: when he glances in their direction MERLE slugs NICK in the
text: stomach and begins beating him furiously to the ground. NICK
text: struggles to his feet. MERLE attacks him again and now, as
text: the GUARD IN CHARGE comes over to see what's going on, MERLE
text: begins hopping up and down, pointing at NICK, pointing at the
text: revolver in the GUARD'S hand and screaming.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Him and me!!! Him and me!!!
text: The GUARDS look at each other, interested.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Him and me, goddamn it! Him and me!
scene_heading: INT. THATCHED HUT - HEAVY RAIN - DAY
text: MERLE and NICK sit facing one another across the rose
text: patterned kitchen table. The GUARDS are all grinning and even
text: the SOUTH VIETNAMESE are watching with grim fascination. NICK
text: has the revolver. He is trembling visibly. Already MERLE has
text: managed to draw the GUARDS in closer and as NICK spins the
text: cylinder and cocks the hammer MERLE jumps up and begins
text: pounding on the table.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: This is it, motherfuckers! Now he's
dialog: going to do it! Watch! You watch!
text: NICK almost loses what little control is left and his hand
text: begins shaking violently.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at him! See! This is it and he
dialog: knows it!
text: Side bets begin changing hands.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Last chance to lose your money
dialog: there, guys. Goodbye money! Hurry,
dialog: hurry. Here he goes!
text: NICK puts the revolver against his temple and pulls the
text: trigger. There is a dull CLICK.
text: NICK puts the revolver back on the table. His hand is shaking
text: so badly it falls with a clunk. MERLE grabs it, spins it,
text: sticks it to his temple and CLICKS OUT, talking all the time:
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: This is stupid! You understand
dialog: stupid? On and on! At this rate
dialog: we'll still be here tomorrow!
text: (throws the revolver on
dialog: the table)
dialog: Wait a minute. I know! Hey, I got
dialog: it. More! Put in more! You
dialog: understand more? More! More
dialog: bullets!
dialog: (he mimes with his
dialog: fingers)
dialog: Three bullets! You understand
dialog: three? That way BLAM! BOOM!
text: MERLE hops up and down, laughing maniacally.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
text: KA-POWIE!!! BA-ROOM!!!... 'Cause I
dialog: want that bastard! Him I want boom!
dialog: Him or me!!!
text: The GUARD IN CHARGE looks at his COMPANIONS. They all begin
text: shouting for him to go ahead. The GUARD IN CHARGE purses his
text: lips, as if imitating a general coming to a decision, and
text: then nods his assent. The GUARDS all howl. MERLE joins right
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: He's terrific! Great fucking guy!
text: The GUARD IN CHARGE takes the revolver, opens the cylinder
text: and begins sticking in two more cartridges.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
text: KA-POW!!! BA-ROOMIE!!!
text: MERLE hops up and down again, then screams at NICK, jabbing
text: his finger at him, as if in fury.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Both of us may have to pull on
dialog: this, so get your shit in fuckin'
dialog: shape!!!
dialog: (to the GUARDS)
dialog: Him or me!!! Now we got it, him or
dialog: me!!!
text: (he rubs his hands and
dialog: sits back down)
dialog: Place your bets, motherfuckers! Now
dialog: we're going! Now we got a game!
text: The GUARD IN CHARGE places the revolver on the table, spins
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Watch! Now watch! He's going to get
text: it. And then KA-POW! BA-ROOMIE!!!
text: The muzzle stops pointing at MERLE. MERLE scowls, looks over
text: at the GUARD IN CHARGE. The GUARD IN CHARGE has lifted the
text: barrel of his AK 47 and is watching him with caution. The
text: OTHER GUARDS, who are totally caught up in the game, are
text: yelling and shouting.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: You guys think I'm in trouble,
dialog: right?
text: MERLE picks up the revolver, spins the cylinder, cocks it...
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: No way! Never!!!
dialog: (he begins to chant)
dialog: MERLE IS MIGHTY! -- HA!
dialog: MERLE IS STRONG! -- HA!
dialog: MERLE IS MAGIC! -- HA!
dialog: MERLE LIVES LONG!
dialog: Lemme hear it. Come on,
dialog: motherfuckers, lemme hear it!
text: MERLE starts it again. The GUARDS who are bett ing on him
speaker_heading: JOIN IN:
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: (with GUARDS)
dialog: MERLE IS MIGHTY! -- HA!
dialog: MERLE IS STRONG! -- HA!
dialog: MERLE IS MAGIC! -- HA!
dialog: MERLE LIVES LONG!
text: MERLE takes a glance at the GUARD IN CHARGE again. The GUARD
text: IN CHARGE is still eyeing him with caution.
text: MERLE places the revolver to his temple... and CLICKS into an
text: empty chamber.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: See! Nothing to it.
text: He pushes the gun across to NICK. Then he stabs his finger at
text: him, screaming again, as if in a fit of rage.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: You got an empty chamber and it's
dialog: in your mind! Just put that empty
dialog: chamber in the gun!
text: NICK looks down at the revolver and picks it up. He stares at
text: MERLE for a moment. Then he spins the cylinder, cocks the
text: hammer, Puts it to his head... and CLICKS into an empty
dialog: chamber.
text: The GUARDS let out expressions of disbelief. Those betting on
text: NICK begin taunting those betting on MERLE.
text: MERLE sits motionless, as if stunned, as if utterly defeated,
text: his brow furrowed in a mighty frown.
text: NICK pushes the revolver across the table. His face is
text: twitching but he gives the gesture a certain flair, as if
text: throwing back a challenge.
text: MERLE stares at the revolver -- stares at it with an
text: expression of utter gloom. Then he reaches out, takes the
text: revolver in his hand and pulls it toward him, as if he no
dialog: longer possessed the strength to pick it up.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (gloom)
dialog: Who's for Merle?
text: (he thumps his fist on the
dialog: table)
dialog: Is anyone for Merle???
text: MERLE roams a glowering eve over the watching GUARDS, as if
text: suddenly discovering himself among traitors. Slowly, he
text: pushes himself to his feet. The gun is still on the table,
text: still in his right hand, and as he gets up he lets his body
text: sag over it.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Who here is for Merle...?
text: There is absolute silence now except for the drumming of the
text: rain. It is as if the war had disappeared, vanished. The
text: GUARDS stand motionless, hardly breathing, so captivated by
text: MERLE'S performance that they suddenly resemble little
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Who... here... is for Merle...?
text: MERLE begins his chant again. His voice is low, very
text: dramatic, and the GUARD IN CHARGE joins right in.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: (with GUARDS)
dialog: MERLE IS MIGHTY! -- HA!
dialog: MERLE IS STRONG! -- HA!
dialog: MERLE IS MAGIC -- HA!
text: MERLE snaps the revolver level in his hand and BLASTS the
text: GUARD IN CHARGE, hitting him full in the face. At the same
text: time NICK throws himself into the GUARD who is standing
text: behind him, spins and slams the GUARD'S AK 47 into his chin.
text: TWO MORE SHOTS BLAST OUT FROM MERLE'S .45 and we see TWO
text: GUARDS crash over the kitchen table. NICK now opens up with
text: AK 47, and as MERLE backs off beside him, also with an AK 47,
text: they GUN the remaining GUARDS to the floor.
text: It is over in an instant. The BODIES lie in a bloody, tangled
text: mess under a pathetic paper lantern. The rain drones on --
text: uninterrupted, undiminished, eternal...
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING IN THE JUNGLE - HEAVY RAIN - DAY
text: Barely visible against the dripping foliage -- like a shadow
text: is a startled V.C. SOLDIER. The man takes a half-step
text: forward, unslings his rifle and OPENS FIRE.
scene_heading: INT. THATCHED HUT - DAY
text: The SOUTH VIETNAMESE PRISONERS are hit where they stand. NICK
text: spins, BADLY WOUNDED. MERLE throws himself on the floor and
text: lets go with the AK 47.
scene_heading: EXT. BAMBOO GROVE - HEAVY RAIN - DAY
text: MERLE appears carrying NICK on his back. NICK is unconscious
text: and the effort that MERLE has expended to get him this far
text: can be measured in MERLE'S eves, which burn like dead coals.
text: As MERLE approaches, traversing the bamboo grove along the
text: side of a steep hill, we suddenly see SAL, stumbling along
text: behind and attached to MERLE by a short rope.
text: MERLE comes to a stop, unshoulders NICK and lays him on the
text: ground. As MERLE stands looking at NICK, gasping for breath,
text: SAL hunches down and stares at the endless trunks of bamboo
text: with an expression of pure terror.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Where are we going, Merle? Are we
dialog: going home?
text: There is a sound, so faint as to be almost imperceptible.
text: MERLE throws himself on SAL, slamming one hand across his
text: mouth and raising the other in case he has to silence NICK.
text: For a moment there is nothing -- silence. The rain drones on
text: and we can hear NICK'S breath, which comes in short, shallow
text: rasps.
text: The sound comes again and suddenly a PLATOON OF V.C. SOLDIERS
text: appear, coming down through the trees. Their passage is
text: almost completely silent and they go by on both sides, moving
text: down the hill.
text: CAMERA CLOSES SLOWLY ON MERLE'S FACE. His gums are bleeding
text: and his skin is drawn tight so that every bone stands out in
text: his skull. His teeth are bared, his eyes are hollow and he
text: looks within a hair's breadth of being completely mad.
scene_heading: EXT. CRATERED ROADSIDE - NIGHT
text: A huge battle is taking place nearby. The earth trembles and
text: shakes and gigantic explosions intermittently light the sky.
text: MERLE staggers down a ravine with NICK, loses his footing and
text: slides to the bottom where he lies in the mud, motionless,
text: too tired to move.
text: SAL comes down behind. He is hunched over, like a gnome. The
text: rope which MERLE has tied around his neck drags in the mud
text: and his eyes are huge with terror.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Merle?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Right here.
text: SAL crouches down in the mud.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Where are we going, Merle? Are we
dialog: going home?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (barely moving his lips)
dialog: Right here.
text: Another explosion lights the sky, this one much closer. In
text: the flash we see that a red American car is stranded in the
text: middle of the road. There is another explosion and another
text: flash. The car is dusty, spattered with mud, but otherwise it
text: appears miraculously unharmed.
text: NICK'S breath rattles in his throat. MERLE, who lies beside
text: NICK, holding him, has closed his eyes. SAL, who is the only
text: one who has seen the car, stares at it hard, and for a long
text: time, trying it out with one eye and then the other.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Merle?
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: SAL (CONT'D)
dialog: Merle?
text: Still no answer. SAL goes over to MERLE and shakes him.
text: Getting no response he crosses fearfully toward the
text: automobile. When he gets to within a foot of it, he reaches
text: out and touches it.
speaker_heading: SAL (CONT'D)
dialog: Merle. Merle, a car!
text: As the flashes continue to light up the sky, SAL peers at the
text: tires and begins kicking them.
speaker_heading: SAL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey! Hey, gee!
text: SAL crosses to the window and looks in. There is no damage
text: whatsoever, the keys are dangling from the ignition. SAL
text: pulls open the door and climbs in. He pumps the accelerator,
dialog: hits the starter...
text: THERE IS A FLASH OF FIRE, THEN A HUGE EXPLOSION AND THE CAR
text: GOES UP IN A FIREBALL OF FLAME.
scene_heading: EXT. CRATERED ROADSIDE - BURNING CAR - NIGHT
text: MERLE has dragged SAL from the car and thrown him in the
text: ditch below NICK. SAL is horribly burned and MERLE kneels
text: over him -- out of breath, tears streaming from his cavernous
text: eyes -- howling with helpless rage.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Damn it!!! God damn it!!!
text: MERLE looks down at SAL. SAL'S face in a mass of raw flesh
text: but his eyes look up at MERLE with lunatic, unwavering trust.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sal!
dialog: (more gently)
dialog: Sal... Goddamn it, Sal, don't you
dialog: know anything?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Where are we going, Merle? Are we
dialog: going home?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Sure. Sure, Sal. We're going home.
scene_heading: EXT. CRATERED ROADSIDE - FOLLOWING DAY
text: REFUGEES are streaming down the road in a desperate,
text: frightened human torrent. There is every imaginable means of
text: conveyance -- from bullock carts to motorbikes -- but the
text: vast majority, carrying their meager belongings, are fleeing
text: on foot. The burned-out car is still in the middle of the
text: road and the great human tide streams around it, as if it
text: were an island. In the distance comes the sound of machine
text: gun fire and mortars are coming in nearby. MEDVAC helicopters
text: clatter overhead with wounded strapped to baskets on the
text: skids. Now and then an ARMY CONVOY comes through, blasting
text: the REFUGEES into the ditch.
text: MERLE sits alone on the embankment by the side of the road.
text: NICK and SAL are gone and the area is littered with fresh
text: bandage packages and throw-away medical supplies. Suddenly a
text: jeep pulls up with a two-star GENERAL in it.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Where's your unit, soldier?
text: MERLE stares at the GENERAL -- blankly, without
text: comprehension. Finally, after a long moment, he gives a
text: slight shrug.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (to his DRIVER)
dialog: C'mon. We'll take him along.
text: The GENERAL and the DRIVER get out and start up the
text: embankment toward MERLE.
speaker_heading: GENERAL (CONT'D)
dialog: Little R and R and you'll be
dialog: standing tall again, son... Damn,
dialog: this is steep!
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Uh-oh. Sir.
text: The GENERAL looks up at MERLE. MERLE is holding the pearl
text: handled revolver and he cocks the hammer with an audible
dialog: click.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Uh-oh.
text: The GENERAL and the DRIVER turn tail, scramble back down the
text: embankment and pile in the jeep.
speaker_heading: GENERAL (CONT'D)
dialog: (as they take off)
dialog: Y'know, there's more fucking
dialog: maniacs coming out of this
dialog: conflict...
text: MERLE watches them go without expression. On the road below
text: the REFUGEES stream past -- by the hundreds, by the
text: thousands, by the tens of thousands. For a long moment MERLE
text: watches, then he jams the gun in his pants and stands.
scene_heading: EXT. EVACUATION ROUTE - DAY
text: MERLE is walking with the fleeing REFUGEES. CAMERA PANS,
text: HOLDING ON MERLE as he grows smaller and smaller -- to a
text: speck in the vast human torrent.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. OUT-PATIENT ROOM - U.S. MILITARY HOSPITAL - SAIGON - DAY
text: The room is tiny, a cubicle furnished with a chair. NICK is
text: alone, standing at the window looking out. He wears ill
dialog: fitting civilian clothes whose colors are too bright for-the
text: pallor of his skin. Around his neck is a piece of plastic on
text: which is stapled a colored paper marker. Departing aircraft
text: thunder overhead and there is the sound of some nearby
dialog: hydraulic mechanism.
scene_heading: EXT. LOADING RAMP (NICK'S POV) - U.S. MILITARY HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Black BODY BAGS are laid out in countless rows on the hot
text: concrete TWO PFC's are stacking them on pallets and MORE
text: PFC's, driving hydraulic LIFTERS, are loading the pallets
text: into the cavernous hold of a huge JET TRANSPORT.
scene_heading: INT. OUT-PATIENT ROOM - U.S. MILITARY HOSPITAL - DAY
text: NICK turns away from the window and sits down in the chair.
text: Suddenly the door bursts open and a harassed DOCTOR comes in.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Is your name Solomon?
text: NICK shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you sure?
text: NICK nods.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Lemme see this.
text: The DOCTOR looks at the paper marker on NICK's neck.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Is this yours?
text: NICK nods.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: This isn't yours. This can't be
dialog: yours! I'm going to take this one
dialog: off and cut it up...
text: (he extracts a pair of
dialog: scissors and does so)
dialog: Shred it... so no one gets a hold
dialog: of it. What I'm going to do now,
dialog: I'm going to give you this one.
dialog: (he staples a new marker
dialog: around NICK's neck)
dialog: There. How's that? Does that feel
dialog: better?
text: NICK nods. The DOCTOR directs a finger at him.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: That one's yours.
text: The DOCTOR slams back out the door. Another jet thunders
text: overhead. The hydraulic LIFTERS on the loading ramp shriek
dialog: and whine...
text: NICK reaches for the new paper marker on his neck and peers
text: down at it from the corner of his eye. It seems to remind him
text: of something and he takes out his wallet. In his wallet is a
text: PHOTOGRAPH of LINDA. NICK peers at the photograph intently,
text: then closes his wallet and puts it away.
scene_heading: INT. U.S. ARMY TELEPHONE CENTER - SAIGON - DAY
text: Banks of telephones line the wall. Stretching out from the
text: telephones are long, ragged lines of SERVICEMEN waiting to
text: call home. The room is huge, full of echoes. Re-enlistment
text: posters are plastered everywhere and CANNED LATIN MUSIC is
dialog: playing.
text: NICK stands in one of the lines with only one person in front
text: of him. He looks anxious. He takes out his wallet again,
text: peers intently at LINDA'S PHOTOGRAPH, then puts it back.
text: NICK takes a half-step forward -- staring at the telephone --
text: and then he stops, frozen with fear.
scene_heading: GUM CHEWER BEHIND
dialog: Go on, babe. Take it. 'S all yours!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (mumbles)
dialog: You go ahead.
text: CAMERA HOLDS ON NICK as he turns out of the line and heads
text: for the exit under a long row of CLOCKS.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSY STREET - SAIGON - DAY
text: NICK comes along the sidewalk in a CROWD OF PEDESTRIANS. He
text: is drunk and he moves aimlessly, as if he had been drifting
text: along for hours. As he comes to a stop, staring at a SOUTH
text: VIETNAMESE who has lost both legs, he fumbles in his pocket
text: for a pint of whiskey, empties the bottle and drops it in the
text: gutter. Suddenly, across the street, something catches his
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Sal...! Sal!!!
text: NICK throws himself into the traffic, headlong, without even
dialog: looking.
text: Vehicles swerve and screech to a stop. NICK dodges between
text: them, gains the sidewalk on the other side and claps his hand
text: on the back of a passing SOLDIER. The SOLDIER turns. It is
text: not SAL at all and the resemblance is not even close.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry... Thought you were someone
dialog: else.
text: The SOLDIER continues on his way. The CROWD streams on, a sea
text: of bobbing, brilliant color. NICK gropes in his pocket and
text: produces another pint bottle. He unscrews the cap and downs a
dialog: long swallow.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - SAIGON - NIGHT
text: The place is very dark. LOUD MUSIC is playing. Partially-clad
text: BAR GIRLS are dancing with the CUSTOMERS, while above, on a
text: kind of trapeze, NAKED GIRLS are performing obscene
text: contortions.
text: NICK sits at one of the tables. By now he is very drunk and a
text: BAR GIRL is giving him her undivided attention.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I love Linda, see. I love Linda
dialog: more than I can even say.
speaker_heading: BAR GIRL
dialog: Everybody love Linda.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: That's right. That's exactly what I
dialog: mean!
speaker_heading: BAR GIRL
dialog: I love Linda. Myself, I love Linda
dialog: so much!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Only,good people love Linda, see.
dialog: What Linda has, Linda --
speaker_heading: BAR GIRL
dialog: (in his ear)
dialog: How you like to have nice fuck with
dialog: Linda? You like that? Special,
dialog: crazy fuck just like with Linda?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (stares at her)
dialog: You mean...?
speaker_heading: BAR GIRL
dialog: I show you. Come. You come.
dialog: (pulls him to his feet)
dialog: Linda have special, crazy fuck.
dialog: That right?
text: NICK nods. He looks as if he might be about to cry.
speaker_heading: BAR GIRL (CONT'D)
dialog: I give you special, crazy fuck,
dialog: just like Linda. Come. You come.
dialog: Linda cry, make crazy moan?
text: NICK nods.
speaker_heading: BAR GIRL (CONT'D)
dialog: I give you cry, crazy moan. Come.
dialog: You come.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - BAR - NIGHT
text: The BAR GIRL comes around the corner with NICK, guiding him
text: to a flight of narrow stairs. She has one hand around his
text: waist and the other down the front of his pants.
speaker_heading: BAR GIRL
dialog: You like to call me Linda now?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Linda, yeah.
speaker_heading: BAR GIRL
dialog: You call me Linda, just like home.
text: Suddenly NICK draws to a stop, staring at a small window at
text: the end of the corridor. He tears himself loose from the BAR
text: GIRL and pushes up against the glass.
scene_heading: EXT. NARROW STREET (NICK'S POV) - NIGHT
text: Seated on the sidewalk against the wall of the opposite
text: building is an OLD MAN surrounded by a collection of white
text: ceramic elephants. A truck roars by in front of him.
text: Motorcycles sputter past and PEDESTRIANS hurry in both
text: directions. The OLD MAN sits motionless, like the guardian of
text: some timeless, silent kingdom.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - BAR - NIGHT
text: NICK spins away from the window.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hey... Hey, elephants! Look at
dialog: those elephants!
text: The BAR GIRL stares at him.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Linda loves elephants! Linda... she
dialog: loves 'em!
text: NICK turns and charges back down the corridor with the BAR
text: GIRL hot on his tail.
speaker_heading: BAR GIRL
dialog: Wait! First I give you special
dialog: fuck!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Elephants! Make way... I gotta get
dialog: elephants!
scene_heading: EXT. NARROW STREET - NIGHT
text: NICK paces up and down in front of the OLD MAN and his
dialog: ceramic elephants.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Great... These are great. I wanna
dialog: tell you these are great elephants!
dialog: I'm going home, see... Stateside in
dialog: a few days and my wife Linda, she
dialog: loves elephants. She... she has a
dialog: thing for elephants because
dialog: elephants... Elephants go on. You
dialog: know what I mean? They go right on.
dialog: I don't know if they cry. Maybe at
dialog: night. I mean... What I mean is my
dialog: two best buddies are dead, see,
dialog: MIA, who knows, and they would have
dialog: liked some elephants also
dialog: because... How much are these
dialog: elephants? I mean let's talk
dialog: elephant.
text: (notices a GROUP OF STREET
speaker_heading: URCHINS)
dialog: Hey you guys...! Over here! Come
dialog: over here and carry elephants!
text: The STREET URCHINS come running. They are ragged,
text: malnourished, ranging in age from about six to nine. They are
text: covered with sores. One of them ~as lost an eye and another
text: has lost a hand.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Everyone take an elephant!
dialog: (to the YOUNGEST URCHIN)
dialog: You know how to carry an elephant?
speaker_heading: (the URCHIN nods)
dialog: That's what I thought. Right off I
dialog: figured you as that kind of guy.
dialog: Hey, wait a minute, I gotta get
dialog: change. Take an elephant! Everyone
text: take an elephant and then form up.
dialog: Right here. Over here, like this,
dialog: in a nice long elephant line...
dialog: Good. That's good. Man, look at all
dialog: these elephants! One, two, three,
dialog: four, five, six, seven, eight,
dialog: nine, ten... eleven elephants!
dialog: (surveys them)
dialog: Hey, but you gotta stand tall to
dialog: carry elephants.
dialog: (he illustrates)
dialog: Better. That's better. I mean...
dialog: God damn, I mean that's elephants
dialog: now! Wait. Now you wait while I get
dialog: change.
text: NICK dives into a nearby bar.
scene_heading: INT. NEARBY BAR - NIGHT
text: The place is as dark as the one before. MUSIC BLASTS from a
text: jukebox and two vaseline-covered GIRLS are dancing. As NICK
text: crosses to the bar to get change there is a WHISTLING SCREAM
text: and then the FRONT WALL OF THE BUILDING DISINTEGRATES IN A
scene_heading: ROAR OF NOISE.
text: NICK pulls himself out of the debris. There is absolute
text: silence in the WRECKED BAR but rockets are coming in all over
text: the city and the EXPLOSIONS rumble and roar.
scene_heading: EXT. NARROW STREET AFTER ROCKET EXPLOSION - NIGHT
text: A nearby building is burning fiercely. The street is deserted
text: except for the sprawled CORPSES of the STREET URCHINS which
dialog: lie this way and that, like broken dolls.
text: NICK walks out past the CORPSES. The street is littered with
text: fragments of broken ceramic -- gleaming, pure white, like
text: chunks of snow.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED STREET - SAIGON - NIGHT
text: The sky is alight with fires. Now and then HUGE EXPLOSIONS
text: rock the night and SIRENS wail.
text: A lone figure appears, walking down the middle of the street.
text: As the figure approaches we see that it is NICK.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (toneless, over and over)
dialog: Hey, hey, the wind does blow.
dialog: Hey, hey, the snow does snow.
dialog: Hey, hey, the rain does rain...
text: NICK swallows, as if to force back some overwhelming emotion.
text: Then, squatting down under a lamp post, he begins again.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, hey, the wind does blow.
dialog: Hey, hey, the snow does snow...
text: NICK takes out his wallet, opens it hurriedly to the
text: PHOTOGRAPH OF LINDA and peers at it with a kind of ferocious
text: determination, as if this link were the last, as if by
text: staring at it hard he could make it hold.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: (his voice thin, cracking)
dialog: Hey, hey, the wind does blow.
dialog: Hey, hey, the snow does snow --
text: There is the sharp report of a pistol SHOT and then, as NICK
text: spins, staring at a shuttered building, there is the
text: unmistakable sound of APPLAUSE.
text: NICK stares at the building for a long moment, then he
text: crosses toward it.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD BEHIND BUILDING - SAIGON - NIGHT
text: A tiny light glows inside a paper lantern. Lying on the
text: around are three CORPSES, all of them Asian, all of them
text: expensively dressed and all of them with their heads blown
text: off. As NICK stands looking at them a door comes open on the
text: back of the building,and TWO BURLY MEN bring out another
text: corpse. The body is that of a young American. Like the Asians
text: he is expensively dressed and he is dead from a bullet in the
dialog: right temple.
speaker_heading: MAN (V.O.)
dialog: If you are brave and lucky I can
dialog: make you rich.
text: NICK turns. A MAN is standing in the shadows of a small grape
text: arbor, eyeing him with a look of cold amusement. The MAN'S
text: accent is French. Beside him, on a small white table, is a
text: bottle of champagne and several glasses.
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You have played?
text: NICK stares at the MAN, nods.
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Once you have played it is not so
dialog: hard. Cigarette?
text: NICK shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You seem... disturbed.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I... No. You do this for money?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Mais certainment... A great deal of
dialog: money. Naturally I do not do it
dialog: myself. I myself do not possess the
dialog: nerve.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: But I am always... how do you
dialog: say... looking out for those who
dialog: do... It is a thing quite rare.
dialog: Champagne perhaps? Tch, tch. Don't
dialog: say no. When a man says no to
dialog: champagne, he says no to life and
dialog: that no man must ever do.
dialog: (gives NICK a glass)
dialog: Where did you play?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Up north.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Ah yes. Of course... So few
dialog: survive.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: La creme de la creme... How did you
dialog: obtain release?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Playing.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (raises his eyebrows)
dialog: Playing?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We... Three bullets.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: And then you...
text: The MAN makes a clicking sound, three times, as if firing a
text: pistol. NICK nods.
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: How extremely clever. That is
dialog: really most extraordinaire... Allow
dialog: me please to introduce myself. I am
dialog: Armand... And you are?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Nick.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Nick. C'est extraordinaire! Do you
dialog: know that I have a cousin who is
dialog: called Nicholas and a nephew
dialog: Nickolai. So you are, comme on dit,
dialog: en famille. In the family.
text: There is another SHOT from inside and another round of
speaker_heading: APPLAUSE.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I have to go.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: But you must come in.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No, I --
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: But I insist.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I have to go.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: You are frightened, no?
text: NICK nods.
speaker_heading: ARMAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Of what is there to be afraid? The
dialog: war? The war is no problem. It is a
dialog: joke, a silly thing. I make one
dialog: call and get you out.
text: ARMAND refills NICK's glass. NICK looks at it. The glass is
text: as thin as paper and the sparkling bubbles dance and hiss.
text: NICK lifts the glass and empties in one swallow.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: See, I'm going home.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Ah yes. Of course.
dialog: (smiles)
text: To the girl who waits.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: (gives him a look and
dialog: sits)
dialog: Yeah... Do you mind if I sit?
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: But of course! Please make yourself
dialog: comfortable. Perhaps you would
dialog: enjoy some fresh caviar, or une
dialog: petite glace, or --?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (weary, shaking his head)
dialog: No. None of that.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Unfortunately I must now go in, but
dialog: I leave you my card. Naturellement
dialog: I pay my players cash American.
dialog: Just so you know.
text: ARMAND disappears in the darkness. Then his VOICE comes
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: ARMAND (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: However, should you prefer German
dialog: marks, or perhaps Swiss francs,
dialog: this of course can be arranged.
dialog: Everything can be arranged.
text: ARMAND moves around the side of the building and the sound of
text: his FOOTSTEPS fades away. The TWO BURLY MEN come lurching
text: with another CORPSE. Laughter comes from inside the building
text: and there is a glimpse of AN ELEGANTLY DRESSED WOMAN seated
text: at a cafe table. The BURLY MEN return to the door and shut it
text: tight. In the distance the sky goes up in a huge flash of
text: fire and then the sound of the EXPLOSION rolls across the
text: city like a great dead wind.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NICK'S TRAILER - WINTER - DUSK
text: The trailer is all decked out with bunting and stuck, like a
text: plum cake, with tiny American flags. Stretching from the
text: trailer to the side of a house across the street is a huge,
text: hand-lettered banner which says "WELCOME HOME NICK!" and it
text: whips and it snaps in the cold winter wind.
text: NICK's battered old shark-finned Cadillac is in the yard.
text: Alongside it are a bunch of newer cars and PEOPLE are coming
text: from all directions, spilling in and out of the trailer and
text: congregating in excited, foot-stomping, half-frozen groups.
scene_heading: EXT. SERIES OF SHOTS - COLUMBINE AREA - DUSK
text: We see the OLD PRIEST on his way from the church. We see the
text: OLDER WOMEN, wrapped in shawls and carrying cakes and
text: cookies, trudging up the hill. We see ALBERT, JOHN and a
text: bunch of STEELWORKERS, all of them half-bombed, dragging two
text: cases of beer on a child's sled. We see LINDA peering out the
text: trailer window, pale and anxious-looking. We see VINCE, who
text: is unofficial lookout, jumping up and down at the approach of
dialog: every car and screaming, "This is it! This is Nick!" and
dialog: then, when it isn't, saying, "Not yet! Just hold your water,
dialog: I'll tell you when!"
text: And we see an empty street into which SIX VETS from the VFW
text: Post come tottering. The VETS are all in their old uniforms.
text: While three of them attempt to make MUSIC on a BASS DRUM, a
text: FIFE and an old Army BUGLE, the other three attempt to sing.
speaker_heading: VETS
text: Three cheers for the red, white and
dialog: blue...!
speaker_heading: VET #1
dialog: This is hard.
speaker_heading: VET # 2
dialog: Christ Almighty, it's fifty years!
speaker_heading: VETS
text: Three cheers for the red, white and
dialog: blue...
scene_heading: INT. TAXICAB - DUSK
text: NICK sits hunched forward in the back seat surrounded by
text: unwrapped cartons containing electric appliances he has
text: bought for LINDA. NICK looks nervous, VERY NERVOUS.
text: Suddenly, as the cab comes over the crest of a hill, the
text: trailer looms into sight, straight ahead, with VINCE hopping
text: up and down in the snow and the OLD VETS all marking time
text: under the flapping banner.
speaker_heading: CAB DRIVER
dialog: Whadda welcome! Will you lookit...
dialog: Whadda welcome!
text: NICK stares at the approaching trailer.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: That's not it.
speaker_heading: CAB DRIVER
dialog: What're you, crazy? That's not
dialog: it??? You said a trailer. You said--
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: That's not it. Keep going. Go
dialog: straight.
speaker_heading: CAB DRIVER
dialog: Hey, now listen. Now you said --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'm telling you that's not it! Now
dialog: keep going!
text: NICK throws himself down on the floor.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Just keep going! Just keep going
dialog: straight!
scene_heading: EXT. NICK'S TRAILER - DUSK
text: LINDA is outside, standing with VINCE and ALBERT.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: This is him. I'm telling you, this
dialog: is Nick!
text: The TAXICAB comes thudding by. LINDA, VINCE and ALBERT all
text: watch as it disappears over a rise.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
speaker_heading: (to VINCE)
dialog: I thought that was it.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: So he's in the next one, Albert. I
dialog: mean take it easy. I mean you're
dialog: driving everybody nuts!
speaker_heading: VETS (V.O.)
dialog: (singing raggedly)
text: Three cheers for the red, white and
dialog: blue...!
speaker_heading: VINCE
speaker_heading: (to LINDA)
dialog: You okay?
text: LINDA gives a thin smile.
speaker_heading: VINCE (CONT'D)
dialog: It's gonna be the next one. Okay?
text: LINDA nods.
speaker_heading: VINCE (CONT'D)
dialog: It's gotta be the next one. I mean
dialog: it's gotta be! Right, Albert?
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Fuckin' A. It's gotta!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: It's gotta!
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL - DUSK
text: A huge neon sign stands against the grey sky, buzzing
text: angrily, as if it were full of bees.
text: The TAXI DRIVER comes out of one of the units, gets back in
text: his cab and pulls away.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL - NICK'S UNIT - DUSK
text: NICK stands in the doorway where the driver has left him. His
text: duffle bag and the cartons of electric appliances are piled
text: along the wall by his feet. His head is thrown back and he is
text: draining a bottle of whiskey, gulping it down in great raw
text: swallows. .
text: NICK lowers the bottle, catches his breath and goes at it
text: again. This time, as he lowers the bottle, the stark panic is
text: gone, but there is still fear -- blind, nameless fear, like
text: that of an animal run to the ground.
text: NICK crosses to the window, grips the frame with both hands
text: and looks out.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STEEL MILL FROM THE MOTEL (NICK'S POV) - DUSK
text: The five great stacks trail ribbons of black smoke across the
text: pale winter sky, Steam billows upward in huge, silver-edged
text: clouds and there is the flash and gleam of fire.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL - NICK'S UNIT - DUSK
text: NICK turns back to the room. He stares at it blankly --
text: stares at the bed, stares at the bureau, stares at the chair,
text: then he picks up the bottle, closes his eyes and begins
text: gulping down whiskey -- gulping it hard, fast, as hard and
text: fast as he can.
scene_heading: EXT. NICK'S TRAILER - NEW ANGLE - DAWN
text: The banner stretching to the house across the street has been
text: whipped to shreds by the wind. In the yard, parked beside
text: NICK's black Cadillac, is another car of about the same
text: vintage. There is a case of beer on its roof, the windows are
text: entirely frosted over and the engine is running. After a
text: moment TWO STEELWORKERS come down the street and knock on the
text: trailer door. TWO OLDER WOMEN emerge, putting on their coats,
text: and then LINDA comes to the door and tells the STEELWORKERS
text: she has no news. The STEELWORKERS and the OLDER WOMEN start
text: off, but now one of the WOMEN points to the frosted up car.
text: The STEELWORKERS go back, pound on the roof of the frosted up
text: car, pull open a few doors and go on their way. First thing
text: out is a GIRL. Next thing out is a SECOND GIRL. Their dresses
text: are rumpled and half-undone. Neither one has a coat and the
text: SECOND GIRL is missing a shoe. The GIRLS both plunge back
text: inside the car, where howling and cursing can now be heard.
text: The GIRLS both retrieve their coats. The SECOND GIRL gets her
text: missing shoe, plus a bra and a pair of panties.
text: She returns the panties to the FIRST GIRL, puts on her shoe
text: and they both take off at a fast trot. As the two GIRLS leave
text: there is a cascade of empty beer cans and ALBERT, VINCE and
text: JOHN all stagger out -- bleary-eyed, hung-over, half
text: undressed and freezing. LINDA comes out of the trailer with
text: coffee, but just as she emerges the whistle at the mill goes
text: off. ALBERT and VINCE begin yelling at each other, yelling at
text: JOHN and yelling at LINDA. Then they throw themselves back in
text: the car and start off. The case of beer on the roof crashes
text: to the street. They stop, pile out, pick up the cans, heave
text: them in the back seat and take off again.
text: JOHN says something to LINDA and goes on his way.
text: LINDA stands in the yard, alone, with the three cups of
dialog: coffee.
scene_heading: EXT. ADJOINING OVERLOOK - DAWN
text: NICK stands half-way down a rickety wooden stairway,
dialog: watching.
scene_heading: EXT. NICK'S TRAILER - ORIGINAL ANGLE - DAWN
text: LINDA turns and goes back inside the trailer.
scene_heading: EXT. ADJOINING OVERLOOK - DAWN
text: NICK swallows and starts down the stairway toward the
text: trailer. He hesitates, pulls the bottle from his pocket,
text: drains the last of it and tucks it under the stairs.
text: Straightening up, he claws at his hair, trying to comb it
text: with his fingers. Then he starts down again.
scene_heading: INT. NICK'S TRAILER - DAWN
text: Cakes, cookies, six-packs of beer and bottles of wine cover
text: almost every inch of available space. LINDA sits on the
text: little settee, wedged between two cases of Coca-Cola and
text: hunched over a white sweater which she is attempting, with
text: painful slowness, to knit. LINDA is trying not to cry. She is
dialog: trying her God-damnedest.
text: There is a knock at the door. LINDA freezes. Then, trying to
text: be totally matter-of-fact, she puts down the sweater, crosses
text: to the door and opens it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Guess who.
text: LINDA stares at him. NICK gives a little laugh and steps in.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (throws herself in his
dialog: arms)
dialog: Nick! Oh, Nick, you're back!
text: She hugs him for a moment, as hard as she can, then they pull
dialog: apart.
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought... Oh, Nick, I thought
dialog: you were hurt, some accident. Maybe
dialog: you fell or maybe some car...
dialog: (back in his arms)
dialog: I thought someone stole you away!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Oh, Nick! Oh I missed you so!
text: They pull apart.
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Fine. I'm fine. How are you?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Fine. I just go along, you know.
dialog: Down at the market. Back here. I
dialog: mean it just seems there's a
dialog: million things to do!... Are you
dialog: sure you're all right? I mean, what
dialog: about the wound?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (anger)
dialog: That was nothing. That wasn't
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: But --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It was just the complications. I
dialog: mean, you take a little thing over
dialog: there and then you get
dialog: complications. I mean all the guys
dialog: had it.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I made you a sweater.
dialog: (she gets it)
dialog: Here... You have to take that off.
text: NICK removes his coat. LINDA pulls the sweater over him
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: I couldn't remember your exact
dialog: size.
text: The sweater is huge, a great rumpled thing reaching almost to
text: NICK's knees.
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: (smoothly)
dialog: Oh, that's fine. Perfect... It is a
dialog: little too big...
text: (she pulls the sweater
dialog: back off)
dialog: ... but I can easily fix that.
dialog: Easily. One thing about wool
dialog: sweaters, they are such a cinch to
dialog: fix.
text: She crosses to a garbage pail out of NICK's line of sight and
text: stuffs the sweater in it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: How's the trailer?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Great. Fine... Once or twice it did
dialog: fall off the blocks. I don't know
dialog: what that's from.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Frost.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Is that what it is? I couldn't
dialog: figure out.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Did you get hurt? You didn't get
dialog: hurt?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Oh, no. It just kind of goes thump.
dialog: Would you like a Coke? You don't
dialog: drink Coke. Or maybe you do. What
dialog: about champagne? Let's have
dialog: champagne! I don't think we have
dialog: champagne. Let's have this. See?
dialog: Sparkling. I'll get you an opener.
dialog: Oh, that's right. No opener. Let's
dialog: just have beer. Do you want some
dialog: cheese? Or maybe eggs? Maybe we
dialog: should have coffee.
text: She begins to sob. CAMERA CLOSES ON HER FACE:
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Nick? I'm so glad you're alive! I'm
dialog: so happy! I... I just don't know
dialog: what to do!
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBINE STREET - DAY
text: NICK and LINDA are some distance away. NICK is shaking hands
text: with an ENTHUSIASTIC MAN while LINDA stands to one side,
text: watching his face, and so full of love that she seems about
text: to burst. ANOTHER MAN comes over. LINDA takes the MAN's arm
text: and presents him to NICK.
text: WE CANNOT HEAR WHAT IS BEING SAID. THE ONLY SOUND COMES FROM
text: THE MILL WHICH LOOMS UP BEHIND THEM OUT THE FROZEN VALLEY
dialog: BELOW.
scene_heading: INT. PIZZA PARLOR - TABLE BY WINDOW - DAY
text: NICK and LINDA sit opposite one another. Across the street a
text: coal train is rumbling slowly by and NICK is watching it. The
text: cars are black, interchangable, and they roll on and on.
text: Suddenly the last car appears. The car passes and there is
dialog: silence.
text: LINDA gives NICK a smile.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It was all for nothing. Do you know
dialog: that? It was all for nothing.
text: LINDA stares at him. She doesn't know what to say, how to
text: respond. NICK forces a grin, gestures with his hand and
text: shrugs. He picks up the check, stands.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Nick?... I just want to say how
dialog: sorry I am about Sal and about
dialog: Merle. How... I know you loved them
dialog: and I know it's not the same. I
dialog: mean now.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Naw, it's... I mean...
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Maybe... I don't know, if you want
dialog: to talk --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Naw, it's... This guy wants his
dialog: money.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMARKET - BACK ROOM - DAY
text: The place is full of crates and boxes. ONE CREW is unloading
text: a tractor-trailer. ANOTHER CREW is stacking and unpacking.
text: NICK stands with LINDA and a red-faced, cigar-chewing MANAGER
text: who is pumping NICK's hand, slapping him on the back and
text: shouting orders all at the same time.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: You did a good job, kid. Pettrucio,
dialog: here! You did a good job. Gimme a
dialog: count on these pears! I think we
dialog: got 'em now, know what I mean? The
dialog: pears, the pears! Ask me, we got
dialog: 'em right by the balls, know what I
dialog: mean? Have a cigar. The pears,
dialog: Pettrucio, the pears!!!
text: He goes off.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (to Linda)
dialog: Does this... I mean, how does this
dialog: job work out?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Oh, it's great. Fine.
text: NICK nods. A STOCK BOY comes by and whistles.
speaker_heading: STOCK BOY
dialog: Hi you, hot lips.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What do they... bother you!?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (takes his arm, laughs)
dialog: No-o-o!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'll kill 'em. Anybody bothers you,
dialog: I'll kill 'em!
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Nick. It's okay... It's okay.
dialog: (gives him a squeeze,
dialog: kisses him)
dialog: I have to go now.
text: NICK nods.
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Pick me up at eight.
text: NICK nods again. LINDA hurries off. The MANAGER comes in from
text: behind, clapping NICK on the shoulder and going for his ear
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: That's one sweet little piece of
dialog: ass. I'm telling you, that's one
dialog: sweet little piece of ass. Who's
dialog: got these pears, God damn it! Who's
dialog: got the count on these goddamn
dialog: pears!
scene_heading: EXT. STEEL MILL PARKING LOT - DAY
text: NICK stands by the entrance to the mill. It is cold and he
text: looks as if he had been waiting for some time. Suddenly
text: STEELWORKERS begin streaming out the doors, heading for their
text: cars. NICK cranes his neck and then he catches sight of
speaker_heading: ALBERT and VINCE.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hey, Albert!
text: ALBERT turns. He grabs VINCE and pulls him through the
text: departing STEELWORKERS.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: What the --!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: It's Nick!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Nick...?
dialog: (sees him)
dialog: Jesus, Nick!
text: VINCE grabs NICK's hand, shakes it. Then ALBERT does the
dialog: same.
speaker_heading: VINCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Where the hell were you? We were
dialog: all set -- beer, broads. Right? Am
dialog: I right?
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I got delayed. I --
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: (hugs him)
dialog: Hey, Nick! God damn!... What've you
dialog: been doin', I mean...
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Fuckin' guy's been shooting slants,
dialog: Albert! I mean, what do you think?
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: I know, but...
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: What do you think? You think he's
dialog: been picking flowers? Fuckin' guy's
dialog: been saving your ass, Albert.
dialog: Everybody's ass! Even in Europe!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Yeah. Oh, boy, yeah... Jes', you
dialog: must be tired.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'm fine. Hey, I'm fine.
dialog: THEY start for the cars.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: How're you guys... I mean, how've
dialog: you guys been?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Same old thing. Hey, same like
dialog: always. Nothing's changed. Albert
dialog: is getting fat.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Look who's talkin'! Jes'! He got
dialog: married! Vince got married!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Married?
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Tell him, Vince.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Yeah. I did. Yeah...What the hell.
text: VINCE makes a gesture, shrugs.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Well, who'd you get married to?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Aw, it's a long story!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Tell him, Vince!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Well... you remember Cynthia?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Cynthia! Sure.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: That's who.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (fast recovery)
dialog: Cynthia! Hey, that's terrific. I
dialog: mean... Great! That's really great!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Show him the gun. Hey, show him the
dialog: gun, Vince.
text: VINCE looks around. Cars are streaming out of the lot, horns
text: blaring. VINCE pulls back his coat and shows a .38 Smith and
text: Weston in a holster on his hip.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What the hell's that for?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: What's it for??
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: He's serious. Vince is fuckin'
dialog: serious!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You mean...?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Hey, Nick, I mean... This here is
dialog: for the guy that gets caught!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Vince thinks... you know...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Hey... hey, let's drink!
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S BAR - NIGHT
text: NICK comes through the CROWD OF STEELWORKERS shaking hands.
text: The STEELWORKERS treat him with immense respect. There are no
text: cracks; there are no jokes. They squeeze his shoulder, pat
text: his back, reaching out for him, touching him.
speaker_heading: STEELWORKERS
dialog: Nice going! Good going, Nick! You
dialog: did good, boy; you did fine! Let
dialog: him through! Damn good, boy! Let
dialog: him through! He's all right! Did
dialog: his part and he did it good! Let
dialog: him through! Let's make a little
dialog: room!
text: JOHN pushes out of the crowd.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Nick! Hey, Nick!
dialog: (gives him a big hug)
dialog: Boy! Boy oh boy! Are you okay?
dialog: You're okay, huh?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Fine. Hey, I'm fine.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sit down. Here. Right here.
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Albert! Vince!
text: JOHN pushes them all into a booth. A tray arrives loaded with
text: beer and shots of whiskey.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Here. Here we go.
dialog: (he raises a beer)
dialog: Here's to you, Nick!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Fuckin' A!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: (stands)
dialog: Here's to Nick, you guys. He did
dialog: his part. He did... what hadda be
dialog: done... and so he did it... and
dialog: here he is!!!
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S BAR - NIGHT - LATER
text: NICK sits at the bar flanked by VINCE and ALBERT. Both VINCE
text: and ALBERT are completely glassed out. Behind, in the booths,
text: three or four STEELWORKERS are sleeping. JOHN moves around
text: behind the counter wiping things off.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Rough, huh?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Rough.
dialog: (he nods)
dialog: We didn't have to do it, John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No. How's Angela? How's she taking
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Not so good.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Worse since she talked to him.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: (with a dull beery blink)
dialog: Fucking A.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Worse since she talked to who?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sal.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Talked to Sal?
dialog: (stares at him)
dialog: Sal's alive?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Kind of. You didn't know?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (pushes off the counter)
dialog: Sal's alive???
text: JOHN, ALBERT and VINCE exchange glances, nod.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: He's real bad, Nick.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (stares at them)
dialog: Well, where the hell is he!!! I
dialog: mean what are we all sitting here
dialog: for!!!
dialog: (tears begin streaming
dialog: down his face)
dialog: WHAT THE HELL IS THIS???
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Nick...
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Hey, Nick...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Nick, we don't know where Sal is...
dialog: Nick, Angela won't tell us.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Why?... What do you mean?... Why???
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Nick, she won't say why.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: But Sal's mother! What about Sal's
dialog: mother!
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: She's out of her tree, Nick. She is
text: straight out of her tree.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (stares at them)
dialog: Oh, Jesus.
text: He walks in a circle and then stops, staring at them.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, Jesus!!!
text: NICK turns and goes out.
scene_heading: INT. SAL'S HOUSE - FRONT PARLOR - NIGHT
text: The room is very dark. ANGELA sits at a lace-covered table by
text: the window where a street lamp illuminates her in an eerie
text: glow. ANGELA holds a portable radio in tier hand, a very tiny
text: one, and she fiddles with the dial, going from one station to
dialog: another.
text: There is a sound from the hallway, then SAL'S MOTHER comes in
text: with NICK.
speaker_heading: SAL'S MOTHER
dialog: I know I know you. So familiar.
dialog: Such a familiar face. Oh, I know
dialog: now! The toaster man! I'll go and
dialog: get it for you.
text: SAL'S MOTHER goes out. ANGELA lights up a cigarette.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: You're back.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I'm glad. Seriously... I'm very
dialog: glad.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Angela, I just heard Sal was alive.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Sure. Why not.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Where? Where is he?
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Nick, he's fine. He's in a hospital
dialog: and they're fixing him up.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You talk to him?
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Oh, sure... Twice a day.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What hospital is he in? Where?
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Nick... Sal is very weak. He
dialog: suffered a severe wound... and
dialog: right now he doesn't want a whole
dialog: lot of people to get involved in a
dialog: whole thing.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hey, Angela, Sal and I go back a
dialog: long way.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: He doesn't want people bugging him,
dialog: Nick!
text: ANGELA begins to tremble, jabs out her cigarette and stands
dialog: up.
text: She stares at NICK for a moment, goes to a telephone pad and
text: writes down a number in a tiny, nearly illegible scrawl. NICK
text: comes up behind her. ANGELA finishes, puts down the pen and
text: stands with her back against the wall. NICK tears off the
text: piece of paper, looks at it, puts it in his pocket.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Angela...?
text: ANGELA laughs and gives a strange, twisted smile, avoiding
text: NICK's eyes.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Did you ever think life would turn
dialog: out like this?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: You know what Sal's got now?...
dialog: Sal's got... one arm, Nick, and...
dialog: that's it.
text: The door to the kitchen bangs open and SAL'S MOTHER comes in
text: with an electric toaster and a screwdriver.
speaker_heading: SAL'S MOTHER
dialog: Here. This is it. What you do, you
dialog: stick this in here.
text: Pushes the toaster in NICK's arms.
speaker_heading: SAL'S MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Then you jab it, see. Jab it good.
dialog: Something's in it. Hear? Listen.
dialog: Something's in it. What? What's
dialog: there?
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSIAN ORTHODOX CHURCH - FRONT STEPS - NIGHT
text: NICK sits on the steps with the toaster that Sal's mother
text: gave him in his lap. It is snowing and from inside the church
text: we hear the CHOIR SINGING. The sound is massive, deep and
text: dark, like a great river rolling through the night.
text: CAMERA CLOSES ON NICK. He is staring at something, tears
text: glistening in his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. ORTHODOX CHURCH - REVERSE ANGLE (NICK'S POV) - NIGHT
text: We see a lone telephone booth at the curb. The door is half
text: open and snow is blowing in.
scene_heading: EXT. ORTHODOX CHURCH - ORIGINAL ANGLE - NIGHT
text: NICK closes his eyes, leans his head forward and takes it in
text: his hands.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL NICK'S UNIT - BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: LINDA steps out of the shower and begins to dry herself.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: It just seems sort of strange
text: coming to a motel... Like a
dialog: honeymoon. Or some kind of parlez
dialog: vous ... Not parlez-vous!
dialog: (she giggles)
dialog: What am I saying? That's those
dialog: cocktails! Parlez-vous!... What I
dialog: mean is rendezvous. Some kind of
dialog: rendezvous.
text: LINDA pulls on a short and very sexy nightie, then looks at
text: herself in the mirror. She is very excited, very nervous. She
text: strikes a pose, pulling up the bottom of the nightie and
text: poking a finger in her mouth.
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you know what I mean?... Nick?
text: NICK doesn't answer. LINDA pulls the door full open, takes
text: one last look at herself and goes out.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL - NICK'S UNIT - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: As LINDA comes out of the bathroom her face falls and she
text: stops dead in her tracks.
text: NICK is lying on the bed -- sprawled on his back, one shoe
text: off and sound asleep.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Nick?
text: NICK doesn't stir, doesn't budge. LINDA crosses and looks at
text: him -- hungrily, top to bottom -- then she gives his toe a
text: wistful shake.
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Nick...? Nick, it's me!
text: But NICK is out, gone. LINDA lets out a little moan and sits
text: down on the chair beside the bed. Then, almost immediately,
text: she stands and begins taking off his clothes. She takes off
text: his shoes, then both socks. As she goes to undo his belt, his
text: shirt, which is unbuttoned, falls slightly open, revealing a
text: fresh scar. LINDA stares at the scar for a moment, then she
text: slowly exposes the whole of NICK's chest.
text: NICK'S CHEST IS COVERED WITH A SERIES OF TERRIFYING FRESH
text: SCARS. THE SCARS ARE RAISED; THEY ARE INTER-CONNECTED AND
text: STUDDED WITH ANGRY SUTURE MARKS, LIKE A TOPOGRAPHICAL MAP OF
scene_heading: SOME UNKNOWN BATTLEGROUND.
text: CAMERA HOLDS ON LINDA'S FACE.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. STEEL MILL - CASTING ROOM - DAY
text: NICK stands at the handle of a long metal rod. At the other
text: end of the rod ALBERT and VINCE are attaching metallic
text: strips. When ALBERT and VINCE have secured the strips they
text: signal to NICK and all three of them lower their goggles.
text: CAMERA PULLS SLOWLY BACK. NICK is standing below a furnace
text: which is seven stories high, towering above him into a maze
text: of cat-walks and monstrous steel-hipped cranes.
text: ALBERT and VINCE give a signal and the CRANE OPERATOR raises
text: the door at the bottom of the furnace. NICK is now alone,
text: standing like Don Quixote with his lance. As NICK advances
text: toward the base of the furnace with his rod the surface of
text: his asbestos suit begins to smoke and bits of lint which have
text: stuck to it burst into flame. Within reach of the furnace
text: now, NICK pauses. Then, lifting the metal rod, he jams it
text: through the open doorway at the base of the furnace. There is
text: a white flash as the metallic strips explode and then a
text: geyser of molten steel erupts in a huge jet through the
text: doorway, passing NICK at the level of his shoulders and
text: showering him in a great cascade of white sparks.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S BAR - NIGHT
text: NICK sits at the bar, silent, hunched over a beer, lost in
text: thought. All around him STEELWORKERS are shouting, yelling,
text: cracking jokes. After a moment VINCE pushes in, claps him on
dialog: the back.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: How's it feel, huh? How's it feel
dialog: to be back?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (forced enthusiasm)
dialog: Great. Feels great... Fuckin' A!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I mean, I guess you still think
dialog: about Nam. Right? I mean --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Naw.
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Hey, Nick, you ever do it with one
dialog: of those slants?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Never one.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Oh, Jesus!
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: You're kiddin'!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: One, Vince... you have to
dialog: understand, doing it with one...
dialog: would be... like nothing. They're
dialog: small, see, so if you're smart you
dialog: get about six or eight. I mean, if
dialog: you want to have any fun.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Six or eight.
dialog: (nods)
dialog: And they go wild?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (lowers his voice)
dialog: They have these little sticks,
dialog: Vince. They call them "chomp
dialog: chomps", and when you get these
dialog: girls going, you have to stick 'em
text: in their mouths.
text: VINCE stares at NICK. His respiration is up, his mouth is
text: bone dry and his eyes are as big as saucers. For a moment his
text: belief is total, then a frown crosses his face.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: You're full of shit!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: (pounding him on the head)
dialog: And I believed you! I oughta punch
dialog: you out! I oughta...! Hey. Hey,
dialog: let's go huntin'! Albert! Hey,
dialog: Albert! Let's go huntin'. What do
dialog: you say? Nick? What do you say?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Hey! Fuckin' A! Hey!
text: He spots JOHN passing with a tray of beer.
speaker_heading: ALBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, John!
text: ALBERT scoops JOHN into his arms where he holds him from
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yes, Albert?
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: (into his ear)
dialog: John,we're going huntin'.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Who's going?
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: We're all going.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Nick's going?
speaker_heading: ALBERT
text: Nick, Vince, Albert and John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No women?
speaker_heading: OTHERS
dialog: No! No women! Jesus! What are you,
dialog: crazy?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Take these beers.
text: They all take a beer. JOHN raises his glass, solemnly.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Here's to huntin'.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Hey! Fuckin' A!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: (hopping up and down)
dialog: Just like always! Just like it
dialog: always was! Right, Nick? Am I
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: NICK
text: In the timeless words of Squire
dialog: Albert...
text: VINCE cracks up, howling.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Squire Albert...
text: VINCE collapses on the floor.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: In the timeless words of Squire
dialog: Albert...
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: (in a ragged chorus)
dialog: Hey! Fuckin' A!!!
scene_heading: INT. NICK'S TRAILER - NIGHT
text: NICK sits on the bed in the back part of the trailer. His
text: hunting gear is piled on the floor, the lights are out and he
text: is staring at the telephone which is illuminated through the
text: window by a street light on the corner. There is a sound
text: outside, then the lights come on as LINDA enters with
dialog: groceries.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Nick?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Right here.
text: LINDA crosses to the doorway.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Oh. Nothing... Sitting.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: You're going hunting?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (blankly)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I see you're going hunting.
text: NICK looks at the equipment on the floor.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah... All the guys, we're all
dialog: going huntin'. Like we did. You
dialog: know? Like we always used to.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: That's wonderful. I think you
dialog: should... fresh air.
text: NICK gets to his feet, suddenly. His face is twisted with
text: pain and his voice is cracked with emotion.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You know how sometimes you're going
dialog: along... You're going along... And
dialog: that's all...! One thing is right
dialog: after another, like steps... And
dialog: you step along.
text: NICK can hardly breathe. It is as if he were choking.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't know where that is... It's
dialog: gone! That's gone!
text: A car pulls up outside. The HORN begins blowing, then VINCE
text: and ALBERT begin pounding on the wall of the trailer.
speaker_heading: VINCE (V.O.)
dialog: Let's go!!!
speaker_heading: ALBERT (V.O.)
dialog: Hey! Fuckin' A! Time to roll!!!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I gotta go.
text: NICK swings his pack on his back, picks up his rifle and
text: heads for the door. LINDA follows, still clutching her
text: groceries, her emotions so pulverized she can't even speak.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll be... I don't know... Couple
dialog: of days.
text: NICK IS GONE. LINDA STANDS MOTIONLESS, CLUTCHING HER
text: GROCERIES, STARING AT THE TRAILER DOOR. IT IS DARK OUTSIDE.
text: SNOW IS BLOWING IN. THE DOOR CLOSES SLOWLY, WITH A FAINT
text: HISS, AND THEN CLICKS SHUT.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - MIXED HARDWOOD FOREST - DAY
text: Snow is blowing, swirling past the trunks of stark, ice
text: covered trees. There is no horizon. Sky and earth are bound
text: in a moan of wind, in the faint creak of frozen limbs and the
text: whispering, fitful, spinning flakes.
text: NICK appears, suddenly, as a gust of wind shifts the slanting
text: snow. NICK is moving easily, heading slightly uphill,
text: following the contour of the slope. As he draws closer we see
text: that he is following a SET OF FRESH TRACKS.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - MIXED HARDWOODS - ROCK LEDGE - DAY
text: A magnificent SEVEN POINT BUCK stands by a grove of hemlocks,
text: looking down the slope.
text: NICK appears below, barely visible in the swirling snow.
text: The BUCK watches NICK for a moment, then turns unhurriedly
text: and vanishes into the trees.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGE NEAR CAMP - DAY
text: VINCE is out of breath, clawing his way up a steep slope on
text: all fours. JOHN and ALBERT, who have reached a level area
text: above VINCE, unsling their rifles. SHOTS are going off in
text: every direction and the sound is so magnified by echoes that
text: it sounds like a full scale war.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: What are you, kiddin'? Are you
dialog: kiddin' me, Albert? Twenty times I
dialog: coulda had her! She...! One time
dialog: she begged me, practically begged
dialog: me. Listen, I had her tit, which
dialog: was out, in one hand, and my other
dialog: hand... You know that mole on the
dialog: inside of her right leg? Well, I
dialog: was past that mole, way past that
dialog: mole, and I was --
text: JOHN nudges ALBERT. FOUR DEER are coming down the slope,
text: single file. JOHN and ALBERT raise their rifles and FIRE. TWO
text: OF THE DEER FALL AND THE REMAINING TAKE OFF. VINCE, who is
text: just getting to his feet, unslings his rifle, trips and falls
text: down. JOHN and ALBERT drag VINCE to his feet and then rush
text: over to the TWO DEAD DEER.
speaker_heading: VINCE (CONT'D)
dialog: (coming after them)
dialog: Nice shootin', you guys. Not bad.
dialog: Not half bad.
text: Leans his rifle on the horns of one of the fallen DEER.
speaker_heading: VINCE (CONT'D)
dialog: 'Course how could you miss, right?
dialog: Twenty, maybe thirty feet. I mean,
dialog: if I'd'a been where you guys were --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Psst. Vince!
text: JOHN signals with his head. VINCE turns. ANOTHER DEER has
text: come out of the woods. The DEER is rattled by the gunfire and
text: peers at VINCE uncertainly. VINCE spins and grabs his gun,
text: which immediately goes off. He slams another shell in the
text: chamber and scrambles to his feet but the rifle sling is
text: hooked on the antlers of the DEAD DEER and another shot
text: ricochets off a nearby rock. JOHN and ALBERT dive for cover.
text: As they look up, they see the DEER trot down the slope and
text: then VINCE, firing wildly, running after it.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - RIDGE TOP - DAY
text: The wind is much stronger, moaning in the trees. NICK
text: appears, moving fast, at a near trot. Suddenly he stops,
text: listening. At the same moment there is a snort. NICK wheels.
text: The BUCK is behind him, bounding away.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - RIDGE TOP - DAY
text: The BUCK appears, trotting out of the swirling snow. Reaching
text: a deadfall the BUCK pauses, looking back, and then turns
text: sharp left and disappears.
text: NICK comes out of the snow. He is winded but still going
dialog: hard.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - DEADFALL - DAY
text: NICK reaches the deadfall, hesitates, then rapidly springs
text: over. As he touches down on the other side there is a
text: growling sound.
text: NICK grabs for the deadfall. The wind shifts and we see that
text: he has stepped onto a boulder which is loosely planted at the
text: top of a steep scree slope. As NICK watches, the boulder
text: begins to roll, then to bound, dislodging other rocks and
text: boulders, all of them bouncing and leaping and cracking...
text: and then falling -- soundless -- over a sheer ledge to
text: unknown depths below.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSTED-DOWN OLD LOGGERS SHACK - DAY
text: ALBERT and JOHN have dragged their TWO DEAD DEER to a log
text: beside the shack. They sit side by side, drenched in sweat,
text: guzzling beer out of both hands.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sweet! Oh, that is sweet!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Hey! Fuckin' A! Just... just like a
dialog: hot shit... except cold.
text: JOHN lowers his beer. ALBERT gives him a blank expression,
text: then cracks up. SHOTS explode nearby. At first the shots are
text: scattered but they quickly open into a FULL BARRAGE. ALBERT
text: and JOHN stand up.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY EMBANKMENT - DAY
text: The DEER that VINCE was chasing earlier comes hobbling out of
text: the woods pursued by a GROUP OF HALF-DRUNK HUNTERS. VINCE
text: comes barreling through the HUNTERS, shouting and screaming.
text: VINCE's clothes are in tatters, the sole is gone from one
text: shoe and the barrel of his rifle is jammed up with mud and
text: perceptibly bent.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I got this one!!! This one's
dialog: mine!!!
text: VINCE loses his footing and rolls down the embankment, head
text: over heels.
scene_heading: EXT. DITCH - DAY
text: VINCE comes up ten feet from the bewildered DEER. He raises
text: his rifle, fires, and the BARREL SPLITS OPEN. SHOTS begin
text: coming in, thudding in the mud and ricocheting off rocks. The
text: DEER wheels out on the highway. VINCE heaves his rifle at the
text: DEER, draws his pistol...
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY
text: Cars are parked on both sides of the road. HUNTERS are
text: sitting in the cars, drinking, eating sandwiches and warming
text: themselves at small fires. MORE HUNTERS are up on the
text: embankment.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I got this one!!! This one's
dialog: mine!!!
text: The panicked DEER bolts down the highway between the parked
text: cars. The HUNTERS ON THE EMBANKMENT open fire. The HUNTERS IN
text: THE CARS dive for cover.
speaker_heading: VINCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold your fire! I got this one!!!
text: VINCE FIRES, FIRES AGAIN. SHOTS are ringing everywhere.
text: HUNTERS are shouting, running, yelling. A car window goes
text: out, a headlight goes out. The DEER is hit, falls and gets
text: up. VINCE takes aim. A FLEEING HUNTER bowls him over. The
text: DEER bolts for the woods, bullets smashing all around it.
text: VINCE scrambles to his feet and plunges after it.
speaker_heading: VINCE (CONT'D)
dialog: I got it! I got this one!
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: The DEER staggers through the trees, blood pouring from its
text: wounds. VINCE comes stumbling after it. HE FIRES, FIRES
speaker_heading: AGAIN.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSTED-DOWN OLD LOGGERS SHACK - DAY
text: ALBERT and JOHN stand with their beers, looking into the
text: woods. A shot zings by, close, and they dive behind a log.
text: The DEER comes out of the woods, barely able to keep moving.
text: VINCE appears, reeling. He takes aim at the DEER and there is
text: a DULL CLICK. VINCE jams his pistol back in his holster.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Gun! Gimme gun!!!
text: ALBERT indicates his rifle. VINCE stumbles over to it, rams a
text: cartridge in the chamber.
speaker_heading: VINCE (CONT'D)
dialog: (looks around, bewildered)
dialog: Where's it gone?
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Inside, Vince.
text: VINCE staggers to the cabin door. The DEER is lying on the
text: floor, motionless, DEAD.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I got it! Hey, you guys, I got
dialog: it!!!
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - FROZEN LAKE - DAY
text: The wind is blowing in gusts, slanting the snow first one way
text: and then the other. NICK appears in the distance, a black
text: speck in the endless expanse of shifting white.
text: As NICK draws closer we see that he is near exhaustion. His
text: clothes are , caked with snow, his breath comes in a shallow
text: gasp and his gait is uneven, favoring one leg. As NICK
text: APPROACHES CAMERA HE FALTERS AND LIMPS TO A STOP. There are
text: no tracks. There is nothing to go by and he hunkers down in
text: the driving snow.
text: The wind bangs in from one way, then it shifts and bangs in
text: again from another way. Suddenly it stops entirely. In the
text: silence there is a sound -- the click of a hoof on rock.
text: NICK turns. The BUCK is standing on the shoreline, not thirty
text: feet away, looking down at him.
text: NICK pushes himself to his feet, raises his rifle and sights
text: down the barrel.
text: WE SEE THE BUCK THROUGH NICK'S SIGHTS. IT IS A CLEAR SHOT.
text: NICK'S FINGER IS ON THE TRIGGER. HE HAS ONLY TO SQUEEZE IT.
text: NICK LOWERS HIS RIFLE. THE BUCK SNORTS, TOSSES HIS HORNS AND
text: DISAPPEARS IN THE SLANTING SNOW.
scene_heading: NICK STANDS MOTIONLESS, STARING AFTER IT, SO WONDER-STRUCK HE
text: HAS FORGOTTEN TO BREATHE.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Damn... God damn...
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - OVERLOOK - DAY
text: NICK sits on his haunches with his back against a sheer rock
text: face. As he devours a Hostess Twinkie he looks out over a
text: snow-shrouded landscape of such spectacular beauty that it
text: might be something from a dream.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Hey! Hey... okay!
scene_heading: INT. BUSTED-DOWN OLD LOGGERS SHACK - NIGHT
text: The Coleman lantern hangs from the rafter, rocking in the
text: wind. NICK is propped against the wall, dozing. JOHN is out
text: cold. ALBERT and VINCE are both drunk and arguing bitterly.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: You're full of shit, Vince! You're
dialog: so full of shit you're going to
dialog: float away!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Who? Who is?
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: You, Vince! You! You are! You're a
dialog: crock! You're a walking, talking
dialog: crock!... I mean, what do you know?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I know! I fuckin' know!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: You don't!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I do!!!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: I'm tellin' you she does it, Vince!
dialog: With twenty guys you know!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: She does not!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Then what's the gun for! What's
dialog: this for?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: In case!!! The gun's in case!!!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: In case???!!! In case of what? In
dialog: case you stumble on her, suckin'
dialog: cock in the front fucking hall?!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: She might!!! She might do it,
dialog: Albert, but you can't fuckin' tell
dialog: me that she does!!!
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: She does, Vince! That's what I'm
dialog: telling you! She does!!!
text: VINCE is sheet-white, trembling. He grabs up the pistol and
text: cocks it.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: (shrieking)
dialog: Say that one more time!... Say
dialog: it!!! Go on, say it!!!
text: NICK is half-way up the wall, still half-asleep, staring at
text: the pistol in disbelief. Suddenly he springs, seizes the gun
text: with one hand and slams VINCE to the floor. VINCE gets up.
text: NICK slugs him in the face, knees him in the stomach and
text: begins pounding his head against the wall. ALBERT lurches
text: over, pulls NICK away.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Nick! Nick, you'll kill him!...
dialog: Easy. Nick, easy! Hey, hey. Vince
dialog: goes back a long way.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Yeah.
text: VINCE gets to his feet. Blood is streaming down his face.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: What the hell was that!
dialog: (picks up the pistol)
dialog: What did you think? Did you think
dialog: it was loaded!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You loaded it, Vince! I saw you!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: The fuck I did!!!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: The fuck you didn't!... Gimme that!
text: NICK takes the pistol.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: What do you think? You think I
dialog: don't know!!!
text: NICK looks at him, then he EMPTIES THE PISTOL INTO THE FLOOR.
text: For a moment there is absolute silence. The wind moans in the
text: trees, snow curls through the open door and JOHN, who is
text: still soundly sleeping, finds a new note on which to snore.
text: NICK looks down at the pistol, turns it over in his hands...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'm going to throw this fuckin'
dialog: thing away.
text: NICK goes out.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSTED-DOWN OLD LOGGERS SHACK - NIGHT
text: For a moment NICK stands in the light from the door,
text: listening to the wind. He looks down at the pistol again,
text: then he heaves it into the trees.
text: The wind gusts. The snow swirls and hisses, slipping through
text: the woods in great streaming wraiths.
text: NICK watches it for a moment, then he turns and goes back in.
scene_heading: EXT. NICK'S TRAILER - DUSK
text: The trailer is lonely looking, DARK and cold. VINCE pulls
text: into the yard beside NICK's car and skips to a stop. NICK
text: gets out, says a few words to VINCE and everyone laughs. NICK
text: goes around to the trunk, removes his gear, slams the lid and
text: pounds on the car. VINCE takes off, thudding over the curb
text: with his load of THREE DEAD DEER.
text: NICK crosses to the trailer and goes inside.
scene_heading: INT. V.A. HOSPITAL - RECREATION ROOM - NIGHT
text: TWO DOZEN AMPUTEES in wheelchairs are watching a western.
scene_heading: INT. V.A. HOSPITAL - CORRIDOR OFF RECREATION ROOM - NIGHT
text: In the foreground a NURSE holds a telephone. Beyond the NURSE
text: we see a wizzened figure in a wheelchair coming slowly down
text: the polished corridor. As the figure draws closer we realize
text: it is SAL. SAL is dressed in a white hospital gown, the
text: bottom of which hangs over the front of the wheelchair and
text: trails limply on the floor. Both SAL's legs have been
text: amputated and he has lost one arm. His face is terribly
text: scarred and what expression he displays is centered in his
dialog: eyes.
text: SAL takes the telephone. THE SOUNDTRACK FROM THE MOVIE IN THE
text: RECREATION ROOM IS VERY LOUD.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INT. NICK'S TRAILER - NIGHT
text: NICK sits in a little chair by the window, still in his
text: hunting clothes, huddled anxiously over the receiver.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sal? Sal, it's me, Nick.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Nick. Hey. How's things?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Oh. You know. How's it with you?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Same. Hey. Same old stuff.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (he can hardly hear)
dialog: What's that noise?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What's that noise?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: John Wayne... Listen, Nick --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Great. Hey. That's great.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Listen, Nick --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: John Wayne's great... Listen, Sal.
dialog: Jesus. When are you getting out?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: I'm gonna stay here, Nick.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (hearing it)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: (with everything he has)
dialog: Place is great. Really. One great
dialog: place... Basketball, bowling. You
dialog: name it. Canasta. Hearts. Lots of
dialog: guys are making salad bowls. What
dialog: I'll do is make a salad bowl for
dialog: you, unless you'd rather have a
text: pencil holder. The pencil holder's
dialog: neat, I mean --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Wait a minute. Sal. Hold it. John
dialog: Wayne's making so much noise I can
dialog: hardly --
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: I gotta get back, Nick.
text: SAL looks around in desperation.
speaker_heading: SAL (CONT'D)
text: They're passing out popcorn now, so
dialog: I'll be talking to you... maybe
dialog: next year.
scene_heading: INT. NICK'S TRAILER - NIGHT
text: NICK holds the receiver, staring into it. There is the SOUND
text: OF WHOOPING, GRUNTING, THUNDERING HOOVES...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sal?... Sal?
scene_heading: INT. V.A. HOSPITAL - CORRIDOR OFF RECREATION ROOM - NIGHT
text: SAL is wheeling himself rapidly down the polished corridor.
text: At the doorway to the recreation room he pauses, looking back
text: at the DANGLING RECEIVER. Then he turns and disappears into
text: the flickering darkness, where BUGLES are sounding a cavalry
dialog: charge.
scene_heading: INT. NICK'S TRAILER - NIGHT
text: NICK listens to the SOUND OF THE BUGLES for a moment, then
text: puts the receiver back on the telephone. He stands, walks
text: around in a little circle - pained, terribly upset. His eye
text: falls on the clock. It is nearly eight o'clock. He turns,
text: hurries out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPERMARKET PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: The lot is empty except for scores of abandoned shopping
text: carts which a CLERK is banging together.
text: NICK gets out of his car and goes in.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMARKET - NIGHT
text: Two or three CHECKERS are closing out the registers up front.
speaker_heading: CHECKER
text: She's in back.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: CHECKER
dialog: How was huntin'?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Oh. Fine.
speaker_heading: CHECKER
dialog: Get anything?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CHECKER
dialog: Too bad.
text: NICK goes down a long aisle of bright packages. Coming out at
text: the back he finds LINDA sitting in a green plastic chair,
dialog: crying.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Linda... Honey, what's wrong?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (helpless shrug)
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hey. Look. There must be something.
text: LINDA looks at him, tears streaming down her face.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I'm just so lonely.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: C'mon. I've got the car.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: I'll be out... Just leave me. I'll
dialog: be out. I'm fine. Really. I'm fine.
text: NICK walks back down the aisle between the bright packages.
scene_heading: INT. NICK'S CAR - SUPERMARKET PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: The CLERK is still collecting abandoned shopping carts. The
text: carts crash and clank as the CLERK rams them together.
text: NICK sits behind the wheel, watching the clerk. His hands
text: begin shaking uncontrollably and he gets back out of the car.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPERMARKET PARKING LOT - NICK'S CAR - NIGHT
text: NICK watches the lights go out in the market. LINDA comes out
text: of the door and crosses towards him.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You okay?
text: LINDA nods. NICK fumbles for the door.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Let's make love, Nick.
text: LINDA takes him in her arms and holds him tight.
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's make love forever!
scene_heading: INT. NICK'S TRAILER - NIGHT
text: LINDA is asleep - lying on her back, arms flung out across
text: the pillows, like a dancer leaping.
text: NICK stands beside the bed, wrapped in a blanket, looking
text: down at her. After a moment he draws the covers over her,
text: fusses with her slippers until they are straight and then
text: goes to the window.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF NICK'S TRAILER (NICK'S POV) - NIGHT
text: The wind is blowing. Bits of trash skitter and swirl in the
text: frozen ruts and a cat comes by, MEOWING. Suddenly a MAN
text: appears walking slowly down the street. The MAN is elegantly
text: dressed in Western attire, wearing a tailored suit with vest,
text: polished boots and a Stetson hat. As the MAN draws under the
text: light of a street lamp he pauses, looking at NICK's trailer.
text: THE MAN IS MERLE, OR IF NOT MERLE IT IS A FACE SO STRIKINGLY
text: SIMILAR THAT NICK ALMOST LETS OUT A CRY.
text: THE MAN UNDER THE STREET LAMP PAUSES, JUST FOR AN INSTANT,
text: THEN HE TURNS AND MOVES ON DOWN THE STREET.
scene_heading: INT. NICK'S TRAILER - NIGHT
text: NICK backs away from the window. For a moment he stands
text: motionless, hardly able to believe his eyes. He looks over at
text: LINDA, he looks down at a chair, then he pushes his face to
text: the window again.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET (NICK'S POV) - NIGHT
text: The street is empty. The MAN is gone.
scene_heading: INT. NICK'S TRAILER - NIGHT
text: NICK hesitates, then he sheds the blanket and pulls on pants,
text: shirt, jacket and jams his sockless feet into a pair of
dialog: slices.
scene_heading: EXT. NICK'S TRAILER - NIGHT
text: NICK comes out into the street. There is no one in sight.
text: NICK crosses to the intersection of Columbine.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSECTION OF COLUMBINE - NIGHT
text: No one. Nothing. A beer can rolling in the wind.
text: NICK jams himself against a wall, zippers his jacket. He is
text: irked with himself, a little frightened. Suddenly he hears a
text: car door close and en engine start up. A black limousine
text: pulls out of a nearby street and comes past him slowly. A
text: CHAUFFEUR is at the wheel.
text: The PASSENGER in back appears to be the MAN he saw, but the
text: MAN is looking out the window on the other side and his face
text: is not visible.
text: As NICK watches, the limousine rapidly gathers speed. The
text: tail lights grow small, then the car dips over a hill and
dialog: disappears.
scene_heading: INT. V.A. HOSPITAL - RECREATION ROOM - DAY
text: Sunlight streams through a window. The television is going.
text: In a far corner SAL sits in his wheelchair, sleeping.
text: CAMERA CLOSES SLOWLY ON SAL. His head has fallen to one side
text: and his single arm sticks into the air -- as if he had failed
text: in his grasp of something, as if he were drowning. On a tray
text: in front of him is an untouched breakfast of orange juice,
text: milk and a little box of Wheaties.
scene_heading: INT. V.A. HOSPITAL - EMERGENCY STAIRWAY - DAY
text: Someone is descending the stairs. After a moment the feet
text: appear, clad in expensive cowboy boots. We see expensive,
text: tailor-made trousers, a belt buckle embossed with a six
text: shooter... and then, suddenly, MERLE'S FACE.
text: MERLE slows in his descent, stops, looking at something.
scene_heading: EXT. V.A. HOSPITAL ENTRANCE (MERLE'S POV) - DAY
text: NICK is getting out of a cab. He pays the driver and starts
text: toward the building.
scene_heading: INT. V.A. HOSPITAL - EMERGENCY STAIRWAY - DAY
text: MERLE watches NICK for a moment, his face utterly without
text: expression, then MERLE continues down the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL GROUNDS - DAY
text: NICK is pushing SAL down a walkway.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sal, we need you. We need you.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Hey, Nick. How can you need me?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We do, Sal. We do... You're the
dialog: heart.
text: Turns SAL and sits on a bench.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Sal, you're gonna die! You're gonna
dialog: sit in that corner watching soaps
dialog: and you're gonna die!... I'm not
dialog: saying it's gonna be the same. It's
dialog: not gonna be the same, but whatever
dialog: it's gonna be we're all gonna do
dialog: it, Sal. God damn it we are! We are
dialog: gonna do it!
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Nick. I'm so scared. I'm so fuckin'
dialog: scared to go home.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I know. It's like coming from the
dialog: moon. Or Mars.
text: SAL laughs.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Did you go hunting.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Did you get one?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: You didn't get a deer?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I tracked this one, a big buck.
dialog: God, he was such a beauty--! What's
dialog: this suitcase here?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Here. Behind you.
text: NICK pulls a suitcase off the rack behind SAL's chair.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: I don't know.
text: NICK sets the suitcase on a low wall and starts to undo the
text: clasps.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Maybe Angela brought you stuff. I
dialog: know she said --
text: The suitcase slips over the back of the wall.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit!
text: NICK swings up on the wall and then he freezes. The lid of
text: the suitcase has popped open and bundles of money are
text: scattered all down the slope of a steep embankment.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Mom keeps sending me socks, Nick. I
dialog: mean, if it's socks or something
dialog: just let 'em go.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL GROUNDS - EMBANKMENT WITH MONEY - DAY
text: NICK looks down at the money scattered at his feet. The
text: bundles are made up of hundreds and they are everywhere.
speaker_heading: SAL (V.O.)
dialog: Maybe you could use socks, Nick.
dialog: Jesus, I mean, come to think of it
dialog: socks are pretty expensive now.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It's not socks, Sal.
text: NICK bends over the suitcase and begins going through looking
text: for identification. There is nothing. As he straightens up he
text: notices a wadded-up piece of paper lying beside one of the
text: bundles of bills.
text: The paper is about an inch square. The corners are tattered
text: and it looks as if it had been carried in someone's pocket
dialog: for a long time.
text: NICK picks the paper up, realizes it is a calling card and
text: unfolds it.
text: THE CARD READS "EXHIBITIONS". IT CONTAINS A TELEPHONE NUMBER
text: ON THE LOWER LEFT CORNER AND IS IDENTICAL TO THE CARD ARMAND
text: GAVE TO NICK WHEN HE CAME UPON HIM IN THE GARDEN BEHIND HIS
scene_heading: ROULETTE GAME IN SAIGON.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL GROUNDS - VALLEY OVERLOOK - DAY
text: NICK leans on a railing watching the black, interchangeable
text: cars of a coal train roll slowly by. SAL sits with the
text: suitcase of money in his lap, utterly bewildered, crying.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Who is it, Nick? Who is it? I don't
dialog: understand.
text: NICK looks at SAL. His head is spinning and he brings himself
text: back with effort.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It's Merle, Sal.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Merle? ... Merle's alive?
speaker_heading: (NICK nods)
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I saw him last night. I thought I
dialog: was dreaming. I thought I was out
dialog: of my mind.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Merle gave me this?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: But, Nick... Hey, I mean, where
dialog: would a guy like Merle get money
dialog: like this?
text: NICK is standing slightly behind SAL, looking down at the
text: money. The reality of what MERLE is doing, has nearly
text: overwhelmed him and it is only with tremendous effort that he
text: maintains a casual tone.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Oh cards, maybe. Poker... It's
dialog: getting cold, Sal. I'm going to
dialog: take you in.
dialog: (starts off)
dialog: We'll call Angela. The guys can
dialog: help her bring you home... Did I
dialog: tell you I was going on a trip?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: Trip? What do you mean, Nick? You
dialog: said you'd be --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It's okay. Hey, it's okay! Just a
dialog: week. Just to see Phantom Mary.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Phantom Mary?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Didn't I ever tell you about
dialog: Phantom Mary?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (starts off again)
dialog: Well... Phantom Mary's on my
dialog: mother's side. Naturally no one
dialog: there admits it because Phantom
dialog: Mary's pretty weird... You want to
dialog: hear the whole story?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: (enthusiastically)
dialog: Yeah!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Like I say, Phantom Mary's pretty
dialog: weird... Lives alone, lives way out
text: in the middle of nowhere with a cat
dialog: called Pajamas and a cow called
dialog: Fred. Well, last week I got a call
dialog: from Phantom Mary, which in itself
dialog: was very strange...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL BUILDING - U.S. ARMY AIRFIELD - TEXAS - DAY
text: The place is a madhouse of activity. As jets scream overhead
text: TROOPS embarking for Saigon are being counted and recounted.
text: SERGEANTS are yelling off names. CLERKS are typing forms and
text: papers. Forklift trucks weave in and out, DRIVERS cursing.
text: NICK is back in uniform. He stands at a window watching a jet
text: transport being prepared for loading. A CLERK comes by,
text: arguing with a SERGEANT. The CLERK sets down his clipboard to
text: consult the SERGEANT's papers. NICK picks up the clipboard
text: and moves into the CROWD.
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL BUILDING - ANOTHER LOCATION - DAY
text: NICK spots a lone SECOND LIEUTENANT sitting on his gear. More
text: OFFICERS are waiting nearby but the SECOND LIEUTENANT seems
dialog: not to know them.
text: NICK moves in close enough to read the SECOND LIEUTENANT's
dialog: name tag.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (bawling)
dialog: Biederman! Where's Biederman!
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You Biederman?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Biederman, yes.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I got you on this flight,
dialog: Biederman. Is that right?
speaker_heading: BIEDERMAN
dialog: Correct.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Follow me, please.
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL BUILDING - WAREHOUSE AREA - DAY
text: NICK walks along briskly with the LIEUTENANT at his side.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Right this way.
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL BUILDING - WAREHOUSE AREA - DAY
text: NICK comes to a door, opens it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Through here.
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL BUILDING - UTILITY CLOSET - DAY
text: The LIEUTENANT walks into the closet and comes to a stop,
text: looking puzzled. NICK comes in behind him, closes the door
text: and picks up a length of pipe.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Take off the uniform.
text: The LIEUTENANT stares at NICK, dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Take off the uniform, Lieutenant!
text: The LIEUTENANT nods, begins taking off his uniform.
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL BUILDING - UTILITY CLOSET - DAY
text: NICK has changed into the LIEUTENANT's uniform and tied him
text: to a chair. The LIEUTENANT is in tears. NICK is going through
dialog: his orders.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Please! Please mister, please! This
dialog: is vital I go to Saigon. This is
dialog: very important. Most important.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Listen, Biederman, I'm going to
dialog: club you into the floor unless you
dialog: tell me what the fuck is so
dialog: important.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: That I must not tell you. Top
dialog: secret. You see there. Topmost
dialog: secret.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Biederman!
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (stiffly)
dialog: I will not betray my country. No.
dialog: Ne-ver!
text: NICK throws down the pipe in disgust, whips a gag around the
text: LIEUTENANT's mouth and ties it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: When I get to Saigon I'll tell 'em
dialog: where you are.
text: Slams the door.
scene_heading: EXT. SAIGON AIRPORT - TERMINAL BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Viet Cong SAPPERS have just attacked. A number of jet
text: fighters are burning, bodies are strewn over the tarmac and
text: jeeps with SOLDIERS are racing back and forth.
text: Out beyond, the jet transport taxis into view, lumbering like
text: a great silver monster out of the night.
scene_heading: INT. JET TRANSPORT - NIGHT
text: NICK stands in the aisle next to a COLONEL who is peering out
dialog: the window.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Jesus Christ, they hit the airport!
text: NICK nods.
speaker_heading: COLONEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Those fuckin' niggers. This time
dialog: I'm going to eat balls!... You ever
dialog: try 'em?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Naw.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (leans close)
dialog: Not bad fresh, but they don't keep
dialog: worth a pig's fart.
text: NICK nods. EVERYONE starts out.
speaker_heading: COLONEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Lotta guys don't know that.
dialog: (winks)
dialog: Assholes!
scene_heading: EXT. JET TRANSPORT - DEBARKATION RAMP - NIGHT
text: A SIREN is screaming in the distance. NICK looks around
text: nervously. The COLONEL is still right in beside him.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Tell you something else. Don't eat
dialog: 'em in the damn Delta. Unless you
dialog: like 'em fishy... Some do. I don't.
dialog: I never did.
text: The scream of the SIREN grows louder. Suddenly a Jeep careens
text: around the corner followed by a huge black Cadillac flying
text: American flags on the fenders. Both vehicles screech to a
text: stop and an MP jumps out of the jeep with a loud hailer.
speaker_heading: MP
dialog: (amplified)
dialog: Lieutenant Biederman! Lieutenant
dialog: Biederman report to the ramp!
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: That's you.
text: (grabs NICK's arm and
dialog: waves)
dialog: Right here, Sergeant! He's right
dialog: here!
speaker_heading: MP
dialog: Right this way, Lieutenant.
text: NICK is hurried to the limousine where a SECOND MP holds the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: SECOND MP
dialog: Quick as you can, sir. We're in a
dialog: rush.
text: NICK gets in the limousine. The SECOND MP slams the door,
text: jumps in the front and they take off with sirens wailing.
scene_heading: INT. LIMOUSINE - SAIGON - NIGHT
text: There are jeeps with MP's ahead; there are jeeps with MP's
text: behind. Seated beside NICK is a gigantic MARINE CORPORAL who
text: stares rigidly ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVALCADE - SAIGON - NIGHT
text: Pedestrians and bicyclists flee as the cavalcade comes
text: screaming down a wide boulevard.
scene_heading: EXT. AMERICAN EMBASSY - SAIGON - NIGHT
text: The jeeps peel off to the side. The gate swings open and the
text: limousine enters the compound.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN EMBASSY - RECEPTION AREA - NIGHT
text: A STRING QUARTET is playing. GUESTS in evening clothes are
dialog: drinking champagne.
text: NICK enters with the MARINE CORPORAL and is whisked rapidly
text: down a hallway.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN EMBASSY - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: NICK stands in front of a huge range staring down at a table.
text: On the table there is a basket of eggs, an omelette pan and a
text: pile of mushrooms. Across from the table six SERVANTS with
text: napkins on their arms stand waiting with plates.
speaker_heading: MARINE (V.O.)
dialog: Sir?
text: NICK turns. The MARINE CORPORAL is holding a chef's hat. NICK
text: takes off his cap, puts on the chef's hat. Suddenly a door
text: comes open and the AMERICAN AMBASSADOR and his WIFE come in.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Henri! So good to see you. How are
dialog: you? How are you? Darling, this is
dialog: Henri. Henri, my wife Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: My pleasure.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Henri, we are starved. Six
dialog: omelettes, s'il vous plait.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: (hissing)
dialog: Avec champignons.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR
dialog: Avec champignons.
dialog: (back to his WIFE)
dialog: Fines herbes?
text: The WIFE shakes her head. The AMBASSADOR winks.
speaker_heading: AMBASSADOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Avec champignons.
text: The AMBASSADOR and his WIFE hurry out. There is dead silence.
text: NICK pulls the MARINE CORPORAL to one side, points to his
dialog: crotch.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Pee-pee.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN EMBASSY - CORRIDOR OFF KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: NICK comes down the corridor behind the MARINE CORPORAL. As
text: he passes a straight-back chair standing against the wall he
text: picks it up and swings it down on the MARINE CORPORAL'S head.
text: The blow is ferocious. The chair splinters into pieces and
text: the MARINE CORPORAL goes down with a dull thud.
text: NICK stands for a moment, looking at him. Then he kneels,
text: removes his pistol and jams it in his belt.
scene_heading: EXT. AMERICAN EMBASSY - WALKWAY TO PEDESTRIAN EXIT - NIGHT
text: Three MARINE GUARDS are standing at parade rest by an open
dialog: iron gate.
text: As NICK appears in his white chef's hat the GUARDS snap to
text: attention and he walks into the CROWD OF ASIANS streaming by
dialog: outside.
scene_heading: EXT. TELEPHONE BOOTH - BUSY INTERSECTION - NIGHT
text: NICK takes out his wallet, extracts the tattered calling card
text: that he found with SAL'S money and dials the number. He lets
text: it ring a long time but there is no answer.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED STREET WITH SHUTTERED BUILDING - NIGHT
text: NICK is not sure where he is. Suddenly he stops, recognizing
text: the yard with the little grape arbor where he met ARMAND.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD BEHIND SHUTTERED BUILDING - NIGHT
text: The yard is grown over. As NICK goes in there comes a low
text: buzz of flies. He trips over something, draws back. Seeing a
text: candle on the little table under the grape arbor, he crosses
text: and lights it.
text: The yard is full of discarded champagne bottles, red velvet
text: cushions and rotting CORPSES. NICK leans over one of the
text: CORPSES. The skin is falling away and the eye sockets writhe
text: with maggots.
text: NICK straightens, looks around.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Merle!!!
text: The back door to the building is open. NICK draws his pistol
dialog: and goes in.
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTERED BUILDING - NIGHT
text: NICK finds his way blocked by a door. He steps back, hurls
text: himself against it. The door gives way with a crash and he
text: staggers into the middle of a small stage hung with red
text: velvet curtains and furnished with a table and two chairs.
text: Out beyond the proscenium, huddled together in a litter of
text: broken cafe tables, a FAMILY OF REFUGEES stare at him in
text: terror from the other side of a small fire.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (waves pistol)
dialog: It's okay.
text: The REFUGEES cower back even further.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: It's okay, God damn it! It's all
dialog: right!
text: POUNDING and BANGING come from the direction of the front
text: door. NICK crosses...
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTERED BUILDING - FRONT DOOR - NIGHT
text: NICK readies his pistol, cautiously unbolts the door and
text: jerks it open. The COLONEL FROM THE AIRPLANE tumbles in and
text: falls flat on his back. Standing in the doorway, lit by the
text: headlights of two cars, is a party of U.S. OFFICERS, ARVN
speaker_heading: OFFICERS and WHORES.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (no attempt to get up)
dialog: Hey, good buddy, how you doin'?
dialog: (gestures)
dialog: This is Biederman, you guys.
dialog: Biederman, this is Son Loc, Tu Fon,
dialog: Huckerbelly and Potts. What's the
dialog: story here, Biederman? We're
dialog: looking for... Wait a minute.
text: He fishes a piece of paper out of his breast pocket.
speaker_heading: COLONEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Here it is. Chez Armand.
speaker_heading: WHORE
dialog: Chez Armand not here! Chez Armand
dialog: has gone to other spot!
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (gets up)
dialog: Honey, c'mere. Come right here.
text: The COLONEL opens a brown paper bag he is carrying and
text: presents her with a large red, white and blue dildo.
speaker_heading: COLONEL (CONT'D)
dialog: This is for bein' so smart.
text: The WHORE shrieks with pleasure. EVERYONE laughs.
speaker_heading: COLONEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (arm around WHORE)
dialog: Let's go! Mount up! C'mon
dialog: Biederman!
text: The COLONEL throws an arm around NICK and they all start for
dialog: the cars.
speaker_heading: COLONEL (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: (to NICK)
dialog: Boy, do I love this conflict.
dialog: Huh?... What the hell were you
dialog: doin' in there?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You know a guy named Merle?
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Merle? That's who we're looking
dialog: for. Merle.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Sure! I got eight hundred potatoes
dialog: says he goes one more... He
dialog: retired, you know.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: COLONEL
text: Now he's back.
text: Pulls NICK close so he can whisper in his ear.
speaker_heading: COLONEL (CONT'D)
dialog: He eats 'em... Sure... He eats 'em
dialog: raw!
scene_heading: EXT. RUBBER PLANTATION - SAIGON OUTSKIRTS NIGHT
text: An elegant house of French design is ablaze with lights. The
text: house is encircled by a stone terrace on which tables have
text: been set up. Over the terrace and strung out for a hundred
text: yards into the surrounding trees are countless paper lanterns
text: which bob and sway in the wind. GUESTS are everywhere --
text: wandering in and out of the house, sitting at the tables and
text: strolling under the trees. For the most part the GUESTS are
text: AMERICANS and SOUTH VIETNAMESE. The majority of these are
text: OFFICERS IN UNIFORM, but there are numerous CIVILIANS mixed
text: among them and the CIVILIANS are attired in everything from
text: sports shirts to white linen suits and tuxedos. As to
dialog: nationality there are no limits. There are FRENCH, GERMANS,
scene_heading: BELGIANS, SWISS, CHINESE, BRITISH and AUSTRALIANS. WHORES and
text: MISTRESSES abound. WIVES are not greatly in evidence, except
text: to dog the heels of heavily armed ARVN GUARDS who wander
text: about, glass-eyed, drinking champagne.
scene_heading: EXT. RUBBER PLANTATION - PARKING AREA - NIGHT
text: Jeeps, personnel carriers, trucks and light tanks are parked
text: side by side with gleaming Mercedes limousines, staff cars
text: from various government agencies and a blitz of civilian
text: vehicles running from sedans to motor scooters.
text: More vehicles arrive by the minute and exotic couples, like
text: plumed birds, debark in the swirling dust.
scene_heading: EXT. RUBBER PLANTATION - CLEARING IN TREES - NIGHT
text: A dozen ARVN helicopters have put down between the trees. One
text: has crashed and lies on its side with a broken rotor.
text: There is a mounting clatter in the distance and another
text: helicopter comes out of the sky. As it sets down a dashingly
text: handsome AIR FORCE OFFICER hops out and extends a hand to his
text: WIFE. When his WIFE has descended the OFFICER opens a back
text: compartment in the fusilage and carefully takes out their
text: BABY. He hands the BABY to his WIFE and they stroll off
text: toward the house.
scene_heading: INT. RUBBER PLANTATION - HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Gambling tables are set up in all the rooms. The betting is
text: heavy, champagne flows like water and the atmosphere is one
dialog: of reckless abandon, as if money, like love, were good for an
dialog: hour.
scene_heading: EXT. RUBBER PLANTATION - ROULETTE STAGE - NIGHT
text: Low bleachers covered in red velvet are set in a semi-circle
text: facing a small stage. The stage is lit with a single,
text: blindingly bright spotlight and is furnished with a table and
text: two velvet-covered chairs. Two CONTESTANTS, both of them
text: VIETNAMESE, sit opposite one another. Between them, lying on
text: the table, is a revolver. Both CONTESTANTS are dressed in
text: tuxedos. Both wear red numbers on their downstage arm.
text: Although the bleachers are not yet full, eager BETTORS jam
text: the first three rows. Here CLERKS with change trays take the
text: bets, signalling each transaction to a MARKER who chalks the
text: shifting odds on a large board.
text: CAMERA CLOSES ON NICK, standing in the aisle, staring in
dialog: disbelief at the evolution of the game he once played.
text: Now a REFEREE enters the stage carrying two strips of scarlet
dialog: cloth.
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: (amplified)
dialog: Game number seven. Gentlemen will
dialog: please wrap.
text: The CONTESTANTS wrap their heads with the scarlet cloth.
speaker_heading: REFEREE (CONT'D)
dialog: (as he loads revolver)
dialog: One cartridge. Game to be played to
dialog: completion. Forfeit automatic after
dialog: delay of one minute.
text: The REFEREE places the pistol back in the center of the table
text: and spins a wheel whose -intervals are alternately marked L
text: and R. The wheel clatters to a stop with the marker on L.
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: Gentleman on the left will now
dialog: commence play.
text: The REFEREE steps out of the light. A gong sounds. The
text: CONTESTANT on the left picks up the pistol, spins the
text: cylinder, cocks it and
text: places it to his temple. He hesitates, pulls the trigger...
text: and clicks out.
text: NICK is unable to bear it. He turns, starts around toward the
text: back of the stage. AS NICK MOVES THROUGH THE GUESTS WE HEAR
text: THE SOUND OF THE CYLINDER CLICKING, AMPLIFIED OVER A P.A.
text: SYSTEM. WE HEAR THE CLICK OF THE HAMMER BEING COCKED...
text: NICK turns. The SECOND CONTESTANT has the pistol to his
text: temple. He pulls the trigger... THE GUN GOES OFF WITH A
text: DEAFENING ROAR and he topples on the floor.
text: The FIRST CONTESTANT STEPS FORWARD AS THE SPOTLIGHT NARROWS
text: TO CONTAIN HIM ALONE. HE BOWS, CLASPS HIS HANDS ABOVE HIS
text: HEAD AND DANCES AROUND.
text: NICK stares at the FIRST CONTESTANT celebrating his victory.
text: He looks around him. BETTORS are screaming and yelling in
dialog: five languages.
text: NICK starts off again, hurrying.
scene_heading: EXT. RUBBER PLANTATION - BACKSTAGE AREA NIGHT
text: NICK comes upon a pile of six naked CORPSES with their heads
text: blown off. Opposite the CORPSES -- sitting, standing, pacing,
text: squatting in the dirt -- are a GROUP OF WAITING CONTESTANTS.
text: Some of these are AMERICAN. Most are SOUTH VIETNAMESE,
text: several of whom have come with WIVES and FAMILIES. A few of
text: the contestants are well dressed, most are in rags. THREE. OF
text: THE WAITING CONTESTANTS ARE WEARING TUXEDOS.
text: Suddenly a WOMAN WITH A BABY lets out a shriek. NICK spins.
text: TWO BURLY MEN appear, bringing the CORPSE OF THE SECOND
text: CONTESTANT. As the WOMAN WITH THE BABY begins sobbing and
text: screaming with grief the BURLY MEN strip the tuxedo off the
text: SECOND CONTESTANT and then, as each article is summarily
text: removed, they begin dressing one of the WAITING CONTESTANTS
dialog: in it.
speaker_heading: ARMAND (V.O.)
dialog: If you are brave and lucky I can
dialog: make you rich.
text: NICK turns and finds ARMAND behind him. ARMAND studies him
text: for a fraction of a second and then smiles.
speaker_heading: ARMAND (CONT'D)
dialog: C'est tres amusant... You have been
dialog: promoted. And to a Jew... I am
dialog: joking of course. Naturellement.
dialog: Seriously, Nick, may I hope that
dialog: you have come to play?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I came to see Merle.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Ah. Merle. And you know Merle?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: (studies him)
dialog: You are his friend.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Where is he???
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: (faint smile)
text: Merle is under his tree... Beside
dialog: the terrace. You can't miss him.
scene_heading: EXT. RUBBER PLANTATION - TREES BY TERRACE - NIGHT
text: GUESTS are still coming in from the cars, strolling down
text: through the trees in bright coveys and flocks, chattering
dialog: like birds.
text: Laughter comes from the terrace. Glass tinkles and the tiny
text: lanterns bob and sway.
text: NICK appears, hurrying down the steps. Suddenly he stops.
text: MERLE is sitting at a table under a nearby tree. He is alone,
text: dressed in a tuxedo, watching the arriving GUESTS with an
text: expression of dreamy detachment, as if they were rain drops,
text: or snow flakes, or falling stones.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Merle!
text: MERLE turns, watching NICK as he crosses toward him. When
text: NICK reaches the table, he stands.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Merle...! Jesus! Hey, how are you?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Nick!... I thought you went home.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I did. I... This is stolen. I came
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Sit down.
text: NICK sits. MERLE's self-possession has thrown him. He doesn't
dialog: know where to start.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (breaking the silence)
dialog: How's Linda?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Fine. She's fine... Merle, what the
dialog: hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (eyes him)
dialog: I like it, Nick.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Merle... Hey, Merle, listen...
dialog: (stares at him)
dialog: Why?
text: For a moment MERLE doesn't answer. His eyes are pale, like
text: faded robin's eggs, and they seem to look through NICK, as if
text: to some landscape far beyond.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: I like it because it's simple.
text: A BEAUTIFUL VIETNAMESE GIRL steps up and whispers something
text: in MERLE's ear.
speaker_heading: MERLE (CONT'D)
dialog: (stands)
dialog: I have to go, Nick. We'll have a
dialog: drink.
text: MERLE and the VIETNAMESE GIRL move into the CROWD.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Merle...! Merle, wait!
text: NICK starts after them. He can see them ahead, moving rapidly
text: through a GROUP OF ARVN OFFICERS and WHORES.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Merle!!!
text: NICK sees he can never overtake them directly. He cuts around
text: to the terrace.
scene_heading: EXT. RUBBER PLANTATION - TERRACE - NIGHT
text: NICK maneuvers his way down to the end of the terrace.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Excuse me... Sorry... Sorry...
dialog: Pardon.
text: NICK reaches the end of the terrace. MERLE and the BEAUTIFUL
text: VIETNAMESE GIRL have disappeared.
scene_heading: EXT. RUBBER PLANTATION - TERRACE - NIGHT
text: NICK sits at one of the tables. The terrace is deserted.
speaker_heading: REFEREE (V.O.)
dialog: Gentleman on the right will now
dialog: commence play.
scene_heading: EXT. RUBBER PLANTATION - HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The gaming tables are utterly deserted. AS NICK WANDERS
text: THROUGH THE EMPTY ROOMS THE SOUND OF THE GAME CONTINUES OVER
scene_heading: THE P.A. SYSTEM -- THE SOUND OF THE CYLINDER SPINNING, THE
text: SOUND OF THE HAMMER BEING COCKED... AND CLICK AFTER CLICK
text: INTO EMPTY CHAMBERS.
text: Suddenly NICK can stand it no more. He turns and starts
text: toward the entrance to the bleachers.
text: A SHOT EXPLODES OVER THE P.A. SYSTEM. NICK freezes, then he
dialog: runs.
scene_heading: EXT. RUBBER PLANTATION - ROULETTE THEATRE - NIGHT
text: NICK appears at the back of the aisle between the bleachers.
text: The CROWD is going wild, yelling and screaming. NICK pushes
text: through a group of BETTORS and then stops. A look of stunned
text: relief spreads over his features.
text: On the stage a tall figure stands alone in the spotlight,
text: head bowed in acknowledgement of the OVATION.
text: NICK grins. He begins yelling and screaming along with
dialog: everyone else.
text: On the stage the tall figure raises his head, pumps his fists
text: in the air and begins hooting maniacally.
text: ... WE NOW SEE, AS DOES NICK, THAT THE TALL FIGURE IN THE
text: SPOTLIGHT IS NOT MERLE AT ALL. IT IS MERLE'S OPPONENT.
scene_heading: INT. V.F.W. POST - BASEMENT - DAY
text: Pipes crisscross the ceiling and there is the faint hiss of
text: leaking steam. Seated on a bench and all dressed-up in their
text: uniforms are FIVE OLD VETS. TWO VETS are on the nod. THE
text: OTHER THREE -- rheumy-eyed and ancient -- give patient
text: attention to the SIXTH VET who stands beside the boiler with
text: a bugle, trying to play TAPS.
speaker_heading: VET 1
dialog: Up a little there... What would you
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: VET 2
dialog: Up.
text: The VET WITH THE BUGLE tries it again, flubs it, starts
dialog: over...
scene_heading: INT. V.F.W. POST - MAIN HALL - DAY
text: Three tables have been set up in the middle of the floor. The
text: tables have been laid with white cloth and the OLDER WOMEN
dialog: are setting out fresh flowers and laying the places for a
text: funeral breakfast. They work in silence, fussing over the
text: placement of each knife and fork.
text: AS THE WOMEN WORK WE HEAR THE SOUND OF THE CHOIR SINGING AS
text: THE SERVICE PROGRESSES IN THE CHURCH. AT FIRST THE SOUND IS
text: BARELY AUDIBLE, EASILY MATCHED BY THE FAINT NOTES OF THE VET
text: WITH THE BUGLE IN THE BASEMENT BELOW.
text: BUT NOW THE SOUND OF THE CHOIR GROWS -- A SOUND AS DEEP AS
text: WATER, AS DARK AS NIGHT; A SOUND LIKE STONE.
text: Gradually, one by one, the OLDER WOMEN stop fussing with the
text: table. They stand motionless, listening.
scene_heading: EXT. GREEK ORTHODOX CHURCH - FRONT STEPS - DAY
text: A HEARSE waits at the curb. The day is windless, cold and
text: grey Snow is drifting down and the gleaming vehicle emits a
text: ghostly cloud of white exhaust.
text: THE SOUND OF THE CHOIR IS MUCH LOUDER, ASCENDING IN DARK
text: TRIUMPH TO A SUDDEN, FINAL NOTE.
text: In the ringing silence of the MUSIC'S END the doors to the
text: church swing open. NICK, VINCE, ALBERT and JOHN appear with
text: MERLE's flag-draped COFFIN. Followed by MOURNERS, they bear
text: the COFFIN slowly down the steps.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: Snow drifts down from a leaden sky as the MOURNERS stand
text: together on a steep hillside of tilted, weather-worn
text: headstones. The mill looms behind them, breathing roiling
text: clouds of steam and uttering a dull concordia of clanks and
text: groans.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - GRAVE SITE - DAY
text: The PRIEST completes his reading of the 23rd PSALM. The
text: MOURNERS join in the LORD'S PRAYER.
text: CAMERA CLOSES ON NICK, VINCE, ALBERT, JOHN and SAL. They help
text: SAL to the side of the grave. It is awkward. The chair gets
text: stuck and they have to carry it. THEY ALL pick up a handful
text: of dirt and then, following NICK's lead, they throw it in.
text: NICK steps back from the grave, nods to the VETS. The VETS
text: come to attention. The VET WITH THE BUGLE steps forward and
text: tremblingly, but perfectly, PLAYS TAPS.
scene_heading: INT. V.F.W. POST - MAIN HALL - DAY
text: The meal is over. The WOMEN are drinking coffee, the MEN are
text: smoking and putting down the beer. There is muted laughter
dialog: and conversation.
text: NICK sits at the head of one of the tables, flanked by LINDA
text: and SAL. He looks stunned. His food is untouched, there are
text: tears in his eyes and he hardly seems to know where he is.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Eat something, Nick. Eat a piece of
dialog: toast.
text: NICK nods, picks up a piece of toast and then, forgetting all
text: about it, lays it absently on his plate.
text: VINCE comes up behind NICK, looking somewhat officious in a
text: new blue suit.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: You want to say a few words, Nick?
dialog: I think you should. Like that would
dialog: wind things up.
text: NICK nods. VINCE raps on a glass.
speaker_heading: VINCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Quiet!... Quiet!!!... Awright,
dialog: everybody, Nick has a few words.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (very shaky)
dialog: I just... would like to say a few
dialog: words... about Merle. I guess Merle
dialog: always wanted something... I don't
dialog: know... better. That fucking guy,
dialog: he saved my Life. He saved Sal's...
dialog: What Merle liked, he liked things
dialog: right... But then there wasn't any
dialog: place for that... that he could
dialog: find.
text: Tears are streaming down NICK's face and he sits down,
text: looking miserable.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: (hisses)
dialog: John! Play something!
text: JOHN goes to the piano, hurried along by VINCE. He sits down,
text: casts a quick glance to the ceiling and begins playing
dialog: "America The Beautiful".
text: A FEW VOICES being SINGING. OTHERS join in. ALBERT stands up.
text: Then EVERYONE stands up.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
