dialog: circle confusion
dialog: The Conjuring
dialog: by
dialog: Hayes Brothers
dialog: Los Angeles New York
scene_heading: 8548 Washington Boulevard 107-23 715* Road, Suite 300
scene_heading: Culver City, CA 90232 Forest Hills, NY 11374
dialog: “For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but
dialog: against the rulers, against the authorities, against the
dialog: powers of the dark world, and against the spiritual
text: forces of evilin the heavenly realms.” Ephesians 6:12
dialog: The following is based on a true story...
dialog: Fade in
text: On HORSE'S HOOVES pounding over a muddy, dirt road.
dialog: Widen to see -
text: They belong to a team of horses pulling a wagon. At the
text: reins is JUDSON SHERMAN, early twenties. A ranch hand
text: around his same age rides next to him. By the way
text: they’re dressed, and the style of the wagon, we’re
text: somewhere in the late 1800's.
text: Judson’s leading the team toward a two-story y English
text: styled farm house with a covered porch in the distance.
text: Maple and Hickory trees tower around it. Dull light
text: stabs out from several windows. Smoke plumes from the
text: fireplace. A large barn stands fifty yards away.
text: pightening cracks across a violent, dark sky, as_sunrise
text: is’just s arting to break through the horizon. Judson
text: pulls out a gold pocket watch. Reads: 5:15.
text: As he puts his watch away, he hears something. Cocks his
text: head -- there it is again -- A BABY WAILING -- but this
dialog: isn’t a “I’m hungry or tired cry”, this is swelling
text: eruptions of excruciating pain.
text: Judson cracks the reins hard -- the horses rear, then
text: bolt like they're shot out of a cannon, kicking up mud as
text: they thunder faster to the house.
text: The wails are almost more than Judson can take as he
text: drives the team right to the front door, and reins back
text: hard, hopping off the wagon before it comes to a halt,
dialog: then --
text: -- just as he gets to the front porch -- the wailing
text: STOPS. He doesn’t. Moves to the front door. Whips it
text: open. A LARGE GREY CAT scrambles to get the hell out of
text: there. Almost trips him as he heads in.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE - FOYER - CONTINUOUS
text: Judson’s attention is immediately drawn to a living room
text: on his right, where the shadows of flames from the
text: fireplace dance wickedly off the horrified look on his
text: face. He just stares into it -- almost unable to
text: comprehend what he’s seeing. Wood crackles.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: As tears well, he slowly moves deeper into the room --
text: it’s as if time has stood still for him.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: As he gets closer and closer to the fireplace, the orange
text: of the fire gets brighter on his face, the crackling
dialog: ouder.
text: He stops before the hearth, then looks to his feet, where
text: a_ pair of tong, narrow knitting needles lie on the wood
text: floor in a puddle of blood. He’s emotionally devastated.
text: His peripheral vision picks up on something outside
text: moving quickly past a window.
text: Rage fills his face. He pivots. Dashes back out the
dialog: front door, where --
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE - FRONT PORCH - CONTINUOUS
text: -- Judson leaps off the porch and dashes by the ranch
text: hand who’s reigning in the horses that seem spooked. He
text: picks up speed as he moves around the side of the house,
text: where he sees a woman in a long grey dress, bare feet and
text: lengthy jet black hair, dashing into the barn and closing
text: the door behind her.
text: Judson gets to the barn -- tries to open the door, but it
text: won't budge. He viciously pulls on the handle over and
text: over, testing the lock and hinges -- then finally throws
text: his shoulder into it, breaking it open.
scene_heading: INT. BARN - CONTINUOUS
text: Judson races in. Stops and listens. It’s cave dark --
text: the dawn light only penetrating the first few feet of the
dialog: opening. Then --
text: -- post as he’s about to move in deeper, the back-end of
text: a thick shovel swings out of the inky black and --
text: WHACK! Hits Judson in the face --
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO
speaker_heading: BLACK:
dialog: Fade up to --
speaker_heading: SUPER - 1972
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE - HARRISVILLE RHODE ISLAND - DAY
text: A_1970's wood paneled station wagon, with New Jersey
text: plates, drives down a gravel driveway.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROGER (V.0.)
dialog: Here we are --—
text: A hundred yards back, now much older, is the same two-
dialog: story fa ouse and barn. Trees have grown. It’s been
dialog: well cared for.
text: The station wagon comes to a_stop in front of the house.
text: Getting out is the driver, ROGER PERRON, a lean man in
text: his early thirties and his wife CAROLYN, "who's simply
text: dressed with her hair pulled up -- also early thirties.
text: Hopping out of the back are their two girls, ANDREA (7)
text: and CINDY (15), and the family’s black lab, Sadie.
text: Everyone is excited, except for Cindy -- a mixture of
text: raging hormones and adolescence. She takes in her
dialog: surroundings --
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Oh my God, this place looks so
dialog: boring -- we’re like in the middle
dialog: of nowhere.
text: As Andrea enthusiastically runs ahead to the porch, Roger
dialog: turns to Carolyn --
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Do you hear that?
dialog: She listens, but --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: I don’t hear anything.
text: A slow growing smile cracks across his face --
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Exactly.
text: Carolyn looks over to open space between the house and
dialog: the barn --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: I see where I’m putting my garden.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE - FRONT PORCH - RIGHT AFTER
text: Carolyn and the girls are next to Roger as he opens the
text: door. Andrea dashes in.
speaker_heading: . _ANDREA
dialog: I get first dibs on the rooms.
text: Cindy looks to her dad as she enters --
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Do I get to pick my own room, or
dialog: do I have no choice in that too?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Roger’s eyes meet Carolyn’s -- who seems amused.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: This is why some animals eat their
dialog: young.
text: She gives Roger a quick kiss as she enters. He playfully
text: slaps her on the butt.
text: Roger turns to see Sadie standing several feet back,
text: staring in through the open door. There’s a deep
text: intensity behind her dark eyes -- her body rigid.
text: Roger’s confused.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: C'mon, girl.
text: Sadie takes a reserved step backwards. Keeps staring.
speaker_heading: ROGER (cont'd)
dialog: Sadie, c’mon --
text: The dog remains still -- has no intention of getting any
text: closer. Roger lets it go.
speaker_heading: ROGER (cont'd)
dialog: Dumb dog.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PERRON HOUSE - FOYER — AFTERNOON
text: Roger stands in the foyer, which opens up to a hallway
text: that runs through the middle of the house. A staircase
text: rises up one side. There’s a kitchen to his left and the
text: living room to his right. Boxes are everywhere. It’s a
text: bee hive of activity. Two burly MOVERS carefully
text: Maneuver a wooden gun case in through the front door.
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: That goes in the living room.
text: They make the turn as another MOVER follows them in
text: carrying a heavy box. Roger reads something handwritten
dialog: across the top --
speaker_heading: ROGER (cont'd)
dialog: Just put that down in the cellar.
text: It’s the last door at the end of
dialog: the hall here.
text: The guy continues on past him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PERRON KITCHEN - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Carolyn stands at a counter next to a sink, unpacking
text: several knickknacks from a box. Surrounding 7.2 ass
text: cabinets are all open, and already loaded with dishes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A large oak table and chairs are set up in a nook with a
text: hutch tucked tight against a wall opposite it.
text: Carolyn peels off packing paper from THREE WAX MONKEYS on
text: a wooden stand; hands over eyes, ears and mouth, with a
text: written caption underneath: “HEAR NO EVIL, SEE No EVIL,
text: SPEAK NO EVIL. She sets it on a window lédge over the
dialog: sink.
text: Andrea comes in carrying a HAND-MADE bird-feeder and
dialog: chain that only a mother could love.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Can I hang up my bird feeder?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Of course. I think I saw a hook
text: on the back porch.
text: Andrea moves to a back door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PERRON HOUSE - BACK PORCH - NIGHT -— CONTINUOUS
text: Andrea comes outside. Bugs have already started to use
text: the porch light as a hub. A low mist hangs above the
text: ground like a bad dream.
text: She sees the hook her mom was talking about and carries
text: the feeder over to it.
text: As she gets up on her tiptoes to hang it --
text: -- A HISS OF A VOICE CALLS HER NAME...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Andrea....
text: She slowly turns her head -- can’t figure out where it’s
text: coming from as she scans the darkness.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: ...Hello?
text: No answer. More confused than scared, she hangs up the
text: bird feeder. Then just as she’s about to head inside,
text: she spots a large, mangy-looking GREY CAT passing by the
text: bottom step of the porch -- it looks oddly similar to the
text: one in the opening.
speaker_heading: ANDREA (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, hello...
text: It continues walking. She heads down the steps to catch
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: ANDREA (cont'd)
dialog: Where’d you come from? C’mere
dialog: kitty.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The cat walks around the corner of the house.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Andrea’s pov - as she walks around the corner. There’s
text: no cat. She looks around for a place it could have gone,
text: but there isn’t one. Her expression says it all --
dialog: that’s weird.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - BACK DOOR - RIGHT AFTER
text: Andrea comes back in just as Roger enters from the
dialog: hallway. In passing --
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Were you calling me?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: No.
text: As she walks away --
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: I think there’s a cat that lives
dialog: here...
text: Andrea continues out of the kitchen as Roger comes up
text: behind Carolyn, who’s unpacking a small clock. Sets it
text: on the windowsill next to the monkeys.
text: He slides his arms around her and kisses her neck -- she
dialog: likes it.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Careful -- this may turn into
dialog: something fun.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: ...If only I had the energy.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I was thinking about running into
text: town and grabbing a pizza at that
dialog: place we passed.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: That’d be great.
text: She turns and faces him. Loves this man dearly.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN (cont'd)
dialog: Thank you for this.
dialog: eat )
dialog: I know it was a lot for us to chew
dialog: off, but it’s going to be great,
dialog: isn’t it --
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Yeah -- it is.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PERRON HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: A matching bedroom set has been set up. Numerous boxes
text: are stacked and waiting to be unpacked as --
text: -- Carolyn pulls some clothes from a wardrobe box at the
text: foot of her bed and walks them into --
speaker_heading: THE CLOSET
text: Just_as she begins to hang them up -- the noise of
text: CREAKING WOOD draws her attention to the ceiling -- where
text: it sounds like someone’s trying to walk quietly -- then
text: it stops.
text: She’s a little unnerved -- walks back out into
speaker_heading: THE BEDROOM
text: and crosses_to a nearby window. Looks out to a tree, its
text: leaves rustiing in the wind. She cranes her head to see
text: if any of the branches are touching the roof above the
dialog: closet. Can’t tell
text: Just as she’s about to turn away, she notices Sadie down
text: in the yard ne near the front porch below, nervously pacing
dialog: back and forth
speaker_heading: ROGER O.C.
dialog: I don’t know what her problem is.
dialog: I’ve tried ten times to get her to
dialog: come inside.
text: She turns, sees Roger setting a box down amongst the
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Last box for tonight. I’m beat.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: We can’t just leave her out there,
dialog: she might run away.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I‘1l find something to tether her
dialog: to. Maybe a night outside will
text: help change her mind.
text: As Roger heads back out --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: You _weren’t just on the roof, were
dialog: you?
dialog: He turns around -- huh?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN (cont’d)
dialog: I heard something, sounded like
text: footsteps.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: It's an old house honey, it’s
text: going to make some noises.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The lights flicker for a moment --
speaker_heading: ROGER (cont'd)
dialog: .-.Oh great.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Maybe grab a flashlight too --
text: Roger heads out.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - LATER
text: Carolyn’s eyes open -- she’s awakened to what sounds like
text: the distant screams of hundreds of children -- but that
text: can’t be right. She glances to Roger, who is sound
text: asleep. She slips out of bed to investigate.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - BACK PORCH - RIGHT AFTER
text: Carolyn comes out the back door. Listens -- it’s much
text: louder. Her attention is drawn to the woods directly
text: behind the house where the screaming is coming from.
text: A HAND touches her shoulder -- she about oem s out of her
text: skin. She whirls. Roger is standing right behind her.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Whoa -- sorry.
text: Carolyn slowly turns back around to face the woods.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Tree frogs -- about as big as
dialog: softballs. They’re fucking.
text: She looks back at him over her shoulder --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: And you know this because?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I used to catch them as a kid at
dialog: my Grand-dad’s.
text: Carolyn looks back out into the night.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Sounds like some pretty rough sex.
text: Roger playfully pulls her into an embrace --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I think it’s going to take some
dialog: time for this city girl to get
dialog: used to this country living.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: I think you're right.
text: She snuggles up --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN (cont'd)
dialog: (coy)
dialog: You still too tired?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Those frogs make you horny?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: No -- you do.
text: As they head in, Carolyn’s gaze drifts back over her
text: shoulder one more time into the darkness -- still
text: slightly uneasy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - LATER
text: Clouds have moved in, ,Syallowing any illumination from
text: the moon and stars, giving the house an ill-boding
text: resence. The frogs have stopped, replaced by a
text: ingering, unholy silence.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - MORNING
text: Carolyn, wearing a robe, comes out of the bedroom -- side
text: steps a few boxes. Morning light streaks in through
text: several windows, illuminating the fact that the Perrons
text: are far from being unpacked.
text: The bathroom door opens and Cindy sticks her head out --
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Do you think maybe we could’ve
dialog: bought a house that has a toilet
dialog: that works --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Tell your dad.
text: As Carolyn walks away --
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: And_ there was this really funky
dialog: smell in my bedroom last night --
dialog: like something died.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Is it there now?
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Problem solved.
text: Cindy rolls her eyes, then retreats back into the
dialog: bathroom.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - STAIRS - RIGHT AFTER
text: As Carolyn passes a clock at the base of the stairs, she
text: notices that it reads: 5:15 AM. She stops, checks her
text: watch, resets the clock to 7:38 AM.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - RIGHT AFTER
text: Carolyn crosses to a packing box on the counter. Digs a
text: kettle out of it. She moves to the sink and as she turns
dialog: on the water to fill it --
text: -- she freezes. On the window ledge before her are --
text: -- The THREE WAX MONKEYS -- but instead of being lined up
text: in a row like they were before, they are now facing each
text: other -- their heads all melted into one, like some
text: deformed creature.
text: She then notices that the small clock she put next to
dialog: them has stopped at 5:15 as well --
speaker_heading: ANDREA O.C.
dialog: Mommy, where’s Sadie?
text: Carolyn turns to see Andrea standing at the kitchen door.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: She’s out front. Why don’t you
dialog: see if she’ll come in. She’s got
dialog: to be hungry.
text: Andrea tears out of the kitchen, dodging Roger as he
text: enters.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Slow down there, kiddo.
text: He looks to Carolyn standing at the sink -- knows
dialog: something's up.
speaker_heading: ROGER (cont'd)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She steps aside, showing him the monkeys. As Roger
dialog: approaches --
speaker_heading: ROGER (cont'd)
dialog: ...-Damn. Is the ledge hot?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: (a little spooked)
dialog: Not at all.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And look at the clock -- it
dialog: stopped at 5:15. So did the one
text: in the hall.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF HOUSE - SAME
text: Andrea comes out of the front door. She sees an iron
text: post pounded into the ground with a chain snaking off it.
text: Sadie’s tail is visible, but a full view of her is hidden
text: by a bush at the bottom of the stairs.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Sadie --
text: The tail remains motionless.
speaker_heading: ANDREA (cont'd)
dialog: Wake up girl --
text: Andrea takes a step down to the next. She claps her
dialog: hands together --
speaker_heading: ANDREA (cont’d
dialog: C'mon girl -- time for breakfast!
dialog: There’s still no response --
text: Andrea comes down off the last step -- she blanches. Her
text: little lips start to tremble at what she sees --
text: -- Sadie lies dead on the ground, the chain wrapped
text: around her body like an Anaconda -- her tongue protrudes,
text: limp; her eyes are dull, white.
text: Off Andrea’s scream --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: Over black --
speaker_heading: ED (V.O.
dialog: Fear is defined as a feeling of
dialog: agitation and anxiety caused by
dialog: the presence or imminence of
dialog: danger. I don’t care if it’s a
dialog: demon, a ghost, a spirit or an
dialog: entity -- they all feed on it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Take Maurice here --
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: INT. LECTURE HALL - NIGHT
text: ED and LORRAINE WARREN (early thirties) are up on a stage
text: standing behind a podium. An audience of three hundred
text: captivated college students are seated before them as
text: rough film footage rolls on a LARGE SCREEN of a
text: oo ehotre looking man, rail thin, late 20’s, sitting in
text: air. His eyes are black, matching his hair. His
text: skin is pasty ite. A Catholic priest is next to him,
text: reciting Latin from a bible in barely audible words.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: -- He was a French Canadian farmer
dialog: with nothing more than a third
dialog: grade education -- yet after being
text: possessed by a demon, spoke some
dialog: of the best Latin I had ever heard
dialog: -- sometimes backwards. He had
text: been molested by his father, who
dialog: also exposed him to bestiality.
dialog: beat),
dialog: Evil found its home in this man
dialog: because he was conflicted, and
dialog: forced into this -- he never had a
dialog: choice.
dialog: (beat)
text: He though he was saving his wife
text: by shooting her -- like his father
dialog: did to his mother.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: If you look at his eyes, you can
text: see them tearing blood onto his
dialog: shirt.
text: Maurice’s white T-shirt slowly starts to get blotted with
text: drips of blood; dark, crimson red. He suddenly SCREAMS
text: OUT IN PAIN, his body writhing --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: And upside down crosses started
text: appearing on his body.
text: We see Ed lifting up the side of Maurice’s shirt,
dialog: exposing for the camera --
text: -- TWO UPSIDE DOWN CROSSES pushing OUT at his skin from
text: the inside. Camera closes in.
text: The audience can’t believe what they’re seeing.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: That’s good, Jerome, why don’t you
dialog: hit the lights --
text: As the house lights kick back on, we see JEROME DAVIS
text: (20's), Ed_and Lorraine’s technical assistant standing in
text: the back of the lecture hall. He has longish hair, wears
text: cords and a flannel shirt. A leather necklace with peace
text: sign is draped around his neck. He turns the projector
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Ed and Lorraine are in the middle of a Q & A with the
text: audience. A male student with a tie-dyed shirt and wild
dialog: Afro is standing up --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: -- We investigate roughly a
dialog: hundred or so cases a year.
speaker_heading: AFRO
dialog: Cool. Thanks.
text: As Afro takes a seat, hands go up. Ed points to another
text: student who wears GLASSES four rows back. He gets to his
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: GLASSES
dialog: This is some creepy shit you two
dialog: do for a living --
text: Subtle laughs escape from the crowd.
speaker_heading: GLASSES (cont'd)
dialog: So how do you keep these things
dialog: from going after you?
dialog: We don’t pis’ personally involved
dialog: with people we're working with or
dialog: what we're investigating -- it
dialog: makes you emotionally vulnerable
dialog: which gives them a way in. And of
dialog: course, our faith in God.
text: He sits back down. Hands fly up again -- Lorraine points
text: to a female student with a PONYTAIL in the front row, who
text: gets to her feet. She seems a little hesitant to speak,
dialog: then --
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: .--I wake up at night sometimes
text: and it feels like someone’s laying
dialog: next to me. Have you ever dealt
dialog: with anything like that before?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Many times.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Does it scare you?
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: I’m a little freaked, yeah.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Freaked is normal, do you feel
dialog: threatened?
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: .--Not really. It’s just weird.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (gentle)
dialog: Come here for a sec --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Lorraine moves up to the edge of the stage, joining the
text: girl who does the same.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: Give me your hands.
text: The girl offers them to her. Lorraine takes hold, then
text: closes her eyes. A moment later --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: The bed you sleep in, belonged to
dialog: your Grandmother, didn’t it?
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: And you were very close before she
dialog: died.
dialog: Ponytail is getting blown away --
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: She raised me.
text: Lorraine opens her eyes --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: It’s her.
text: Ponytail’s eyes well as she tries to contain her
dialog: emotions.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: You need to let her know that
dialog: you're okay so she can move on.
dialog: She still worries about you.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: How do I do that?
text: With a gentle smile...
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Next time you have that feeling,
dialog: tell her.
text: Lorraine lets go of her hands. As Ponytail sits back
text: down, Ed nods to another male student in the front row.
text: Wears a beanie.
speaker_heading: GLASSES
dialog: I’d love to know what scares you
dialog: the most?
text: Ed cracks a small smile --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Being married to a clairvoyant --
dialog: there’s not a whole lot I can get
dialog: away with.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: The crowd laughs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AUDITORIUM - PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Jerome slides open the side door of a VW van. There’s a
text: sticker on the window that reads, “When this van’s a
dialog: rockin’, don’t bother knockin’”. He sets the projector
text: next to’an array of other electronic equipment, then --
text: -- turns to Ed and Lorraine, who are about to get into a
text: Plymouth parked right next to him.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: So, you feel like Chinese?
text: He looks at them with a cocky grin --
speaker_heading: JEROME O.C.
dialog: I hate to bail on you, but I think
dialog: I’m going to do some “tutoring”.
text: Ed and Lorraine are slightly confused, until -- Jerome
text: turns and smiles at a young woman approaching them. It’s
dialog: the Pony Tail girl.
text: Ed lets an amused laugh escape his lips as he gets into
dialog: the car.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PERRON HOUSE - SIDE OF HOUSE - DAY
text: Roger approaches a guy wearing incredibly dirty pants and
text: shirt, who's peering down a hole in the ground into a
text: septic system -- Carolyn can be seen in the background
text: tending to a newly sprouting, completely fenced in
text: gaxden. A SCARECROW, secured to a make-shift cross of
text: x4's, stands at attention in the middle of it. It’s
text: wearing overalls, plaid shirt and donning a wig with
text: shoulder length hair capped over a small pillow that has
text: a grude face drawn on. Roger’s big rig is parked next to
dialog: e barn.
text: Roger gets to the guy, who turns and faces him. His
text: shirt has a name tag, reads: Carl.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Did you find the problem?
text: Carl looks to him.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Yeah -- but you’re not going to
dialog: like it.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: They ¢ teach you guys to say that,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 16.
text: Carl isn’t humored.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: It’s the septic -- needs to be
dialog: replaced. It’s got to be at least
text: forty years old.
text: This is not what Roger wants to hear.
dialog: Carl runs
speaker_heading: __, ROGER,
dialog: Can‘t you just rig it somehow?
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Someone’s already used that one
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: So -- what’re we looking at?
text: some numbers in his head.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: All in -- about fourteen grand.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - RIGHT AFTER
text: A stressed Roger stands opposite Carolyn, who continues
dialog: to tend the garden.
text: She stops.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Seven grand for the new electrical
dialog: and now fourteen for this --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: We knew there could be problems,
dialog: honey.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Yeah, but I don’t know how much
dialog: more we can afford.
dialog: Looks at him -- what do you mean?
dialog: Roger takes a beat --
speaker_heading: ROGER (cont'd)
dialog: I got a call from Mike this
dialog: morning -- because of this damn
dialog: gas crunch, they’re going to have
dialog: to start laying. people f.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: ...Does that mean you?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I’m not exactly senior there --
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - NIGHT
text: A full moon spotlights THE SCARECROW like it’s standing
text: center stage. It’s now surrounded by a FULLY FLOURISHING
text: GARDEN; tall rows of corn stalks, bright yellow squash,
text: red tomatoes and beans.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - SAME
text: It’s late. Carolyn has a basket of laundry tucked under
text: her arm as she heads down the hallway toward her room at
dialog: the end.
text: She stops at the closed bathroom door which has a phone
text: cord running across the floor from Cindy’s room into it.
speaker_heading: CINDY 0.C.
dialog: .».. School basically sucks,
dialog: there’s no cute guys... and
dialog: there’s so many friggin bugs...
text: Carolyn just sighs as she opens the door. Sees Cindy
text: standing in front of a mirror, phone to ear, comparing
text: two different colors of eye shadow, closing one eye at a
dialog: time --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
text: Bed. Five minutes.
text: She closes the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANDREA’S ROOM —- SAME
text: Paper butterflies adorn her walls. Stuffed animals line
text: a small shelf above a vanity mirror and dresser. An Easy
text: Bake oven and Barbie play-set are lined up neatly against
dialog: a wa.
text: Andrea is under her covers in a frilly four posted bed,
text: head propped slightly by a pillow as she reads a book. A
text: lamp on a nightstand next to her cascades a four foot
dialog: radius of light.
text: Her body tightens as she catches a quick glimpse of
text: something furry jumping onto her be but her book has
dialog: obscured a ll view --
text: -- she slowly lowers it to get a better look -- finds the
text: cat she saw earlier standing on the foot of her bed.
text: It’s looking right at her.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: How’d you get in here?
text: As she sits upright, the cat scurries off the bed and out
dialog: of her room into the hallway --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Andrea scrambles out from under the covers and quickly
text: follows. She looks out her door in time to see the cat
text: slip into Cindy’s room just down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: As Andrea moves to Cindy’s room, she can hear her sister
text: still talking on the phone in the bathroom. Her mom is
text: folding clothes on the bed in the master bedroom at the
text: end, unaware of her presence.
scene_heading: INT. CINDY’S ROOM - RIGHT AFTER
text: Andrea stands in the doorway looking to see where the cat
text: went. Her face is hit by a PURPLE HUE cascading from a
text: BLACKLIGHT hanging above a bed; posters of The Jackson
text: Five, peace signs and Alice in Wonderland, all glow from
text: the fight. Scattered clothes litter the floor.” The
text: bed’s unmade.
text: Andrea can’t see the cat anywhere, then she hears it
text: HISSING from under the bed.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: What’s wrong, Kitty?
text: Andrea comes into the room and over to the bed.
text: She kneels. As she looks underneath, her eyes
text: immediately fall upon a Raggedy Anne doll -- seemingly
text: staring at her -- scares her slightly. The hissing
text: starts up again, but she can’t see where the cat is as
text: her vision is obscured by other dolls stuffed under the
dialog: ed.
text: She reaches in and moves a couple aside -- sees the cat,
text: but her breath gets caught in her throat --
text: -- the blacklight has made its eyes look wild, almost
text: demonic as it stares at something that’s seemingly right
text: behind her. She snaps a look back over her shoulder, but
dialog: nothing’s there.
text: The cat suddenly bolts right past her -- the movement
text: startling Andrea, who instinctively recoils. She watches
text: the cat slip through a partially opened closet door into
text: the darkness beyond.
text: As she gets to her feet, Carolyn appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Hey, you’re supposed to be asleep.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: I saw that cat again, it went into
dialog: the closet.
text: Andrea heads to it. A very curious Carolyn flips a light
text: switch on the wall as she enters --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Really...?
text: She joins Andrea at the closet. Opens the door wider.
text: Carolyn reaches overhead and pulls on a light string,
text: filling the large walk-in closet with bright light.
text: There’s an array of clothes and shoes, but -- no cat.
dialog: Carolyn turns to Andrea --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN (cont'd)
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Yeah, I swear.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: It’s not here now. It probably
dialog: just slipped out and we didn’t see
dialog: it.
text: Andrea bends down, looking under Cindy’s bed again --
dialog: it’s not there.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN (cont’d)
dialog: C'mon, let’s get you back into
dialog: bed. I’11 look for it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANDREA’S ROOM - RIGHT AFTER
text: As Andrea climbs back into bed --
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: When's daddy going to be back?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: He said he’s going to try to make
dialog: it home tonight.
text: Carolyn begins to tuck her in --
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: How come he’s gone so much?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: He lost his job, sweetie, so he’s
dialog: driving for anyone he can right
dialog: now -- we gotta pay the bills.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Well, bills suck.
dialog: Carolyn smiles --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: They sure do.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Will you lie down with me?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: ...Sure.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: IN THE BED LATER
text: Carolyn, who's fallen asleep next to Andrea, awakens to a
text: distant SCRATCHING NOISE. She listens for few beats --
text: there it is again. She climbs out of bed to investigate.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: She comes out of the bedroom. The SCRATCHING NOISE is
text: coming from downstairs. She walks by several pictures of
text: Cindy, Andrea and the family together hanging on the
text: walls as she heads toward the staircase.
text: Suddenly the noise turns violent -- DEEP, VICIOUS
text: SCRATCHES -- like nails across wood. She slows her pace
dialog: dramatically.
text: Carolyn moves to the top of the staircase -- almost too
dialog: afraid to look down. Digs up some courage --
text: Her pov - THE CELLAR DOOR rattles upon impact as
text: something continues to dig and claw at the door from the
dialog: other side.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - STAIRS - CONTINUOUS
text: Carolyn heads down as the scratching continues.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DOWNSTAIRS HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: She comes off the bottom step and guardedly moves down
text: the hallway to the door.
text: Just as she gets to it, THE SCRATCHING INSTANTLY STOPS.
text: The house gets church quiet. She listens intently --
dialog: torn with what to do.
text: Carolyn retreats momentarily back into the kitchen --
text: comes out a second later with a flashlight.
text: She sone gets onto her hands and knees. Targets a one
text: inch etween the bottom of the door and floor with
dialog: the f ashlight, then --
text: -- thumbs the switch. THE LIGHT INSTANTLY REFLECTS OFF
text: TWO EYES BORING RIGHT BACK AT HER from within the dark
text: recess -- but there’s nothing human, nor animal about
dialog: them.
text: Carolyn freaks -- recoils in a frenzy of motion. She
text: scrambles back to the kitchen door where she grabs a
text: RUBBER DOOR-WEDGE from the floor next to it. She ushers
text: it back to the cellar door and SLAMS it into the gap.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CINDY O.C.
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: What’s going on?
text: Carolyn spins. Sees Cindy and Andrea staring down at her
text: from the top of the stairs.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Stay up there!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BIG RIG CAB - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Roger heads down his driveway. His headlights capture
text: Carolyn looking out the living room window at him -- she
text: looks terrorized, anxious.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - RIGHT AFTER
text: Roger stands in front of the open gun case; ex osing a
text: shotgun and a couple of rifles. He’s quickly loading
text: ammo into a hand gun.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DOWNSTAIRS HALLWAY - RIGHT AFTER
text: Roger comes out of the living room, gun in hand. Carolyn
text: the girls watch him from the top of the stairs as he
text: heads for the cellar door, which now has a chair propped
text: up under the handle as well as the door-wedge.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Careful.
text: Roger removes the chair and wedge. Gun ready. He slowly
dialog: opens the door --
text: -- Carolyn gasps at DEEP SCRATCHES that crisscross the
text: back of it.
text: Roger stands still for a moment, looking at them as well,
text: then heads down a steep set of wooden stairs that get
text: lost in the darkness.
text: He flips a nearby wall switch, washing the cellar ina
text: dull, yellow light.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Roger inches down the stairs. Alert. Ready. He steps
text: off the bottom step -- pauses -- gun out -- eyes perusing
text: the shelves of canned goods and stacked moving boxes.
text: There are no windows or other exits.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He moves toward two wardrobe boxes -- big enough for
text: something to hide behind, Closer. Closer. The knuckle
text: on his trigger finger whitens from pressure.
text: He kicks one of the boxes over -- nothing happens. Looks
text: behind the other -- empty.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALLWAY - RIGHT AFTER
text: Roger comes up off the stairs. Closes the door behind
text: him. Looks up to Carolyn and the girls who are waiting
text: with baited breath upstairs.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: There’s nothing down there. The
text: scratches were probabiy already on
dialog: the door and your light just was
dialog: playing tricks on you; maybe
text: flected off the railing or
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: (adamant )
dialog: I know what I saw Roger, and heard
text: it digging at the door.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Then I don’t know what to tell you
dialog: -- nothing’ s down there and
dialog: there’s no way out.
text: Andrea's nervously chewing on her fingernails.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Maybe it was the cat.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: This house gives me the creeps, we
dialog: never should've moved here. I
dialog: want to go back to New Jersey.
text: Andrea folds into her mom’s arms.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: I’m scared, mommy
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Just stop, both of you. There’s
dialog: nothing down there. Now it’s late
dialog: -- just go to bed.
text: The girls walk away, leaving Carolyn standing there.
text: Roger's shifts his attention to her -- shakes his head.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: You think I’m making this up?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I think moving here has been a big
dialog: adjustment. Maybe too big.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. OLD TWO-STORY VICTORIAN HOME
text: Ed and Lorraine move up a narrow staircase to a second
text: story. Trailing behind them are RACHEL and DAVID, a
text: slightly overweight couple in their late twenties.
dialog: Neither wear stress wel
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: It's always in the middle of the
text: night, around two-thirty.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: And they’re different sounds?
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Creaking and moaning -- like
text: someone’s in pain.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I think it’s David's dad haunting
dialog: me -- trying to get me out of this
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Why would he do that?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Because he hated me when we were
dialog: dating -- he told me I wasn’t good
dialog: enough for his son. He died
dialog: before we got married, and he’s
dialog: the one who left him this house.
dialog: (beat)
text: He’s frickin buried fifty yards
dialog: across the street. I don’t even
dialog: like living here -- it gives me
dialog: the heebs.
text: Ed stops at the top.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: And this is where it’s strongest?
text: Both nod.
text: Ed_looks up to see AN ATTIC DOOR DIRECTLY ABOVE THEM. He
text: pulls on a rope, opening it up -- unfurling a set of
dialog: attic steps.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: We don’t have to go up there with
dialog: you, do we?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: No -- you can wait here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Ed reaches into his hip pocket and retrieves a
text: flashlight. Heads up into the dark abyss --
scene_heading: INT. VICTORIAN HOUSE - ATTIC - CONTINUOUS
text: Ed stands half in and out as he sweeps the interior with
dialog: his light.
text: The piace is full of old furniture, wooden trunks, boxes,
text: clothing racks. He continues up the creaky steps into
text: the attic. Lorraine follows him up.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Funny how all attics smell the
dialog: same --
text: Lorraine moves over to a broken dormer window where
text: filtered moonlight pours in. It casts a blue hue across
text: the room. She looks out --
text: -- unfolding across a street is a large cemetery full of
text: tombstones —- hundreds and hundreds of them. A thick,
text: wet fog drifts through.
text: Ed’s light falls on a cobwebbed covered bookshelf loaded
text: with dust. He moves to it to get a look at several URN-
text: LIKE containers that have caught his attention. Lorraine
dialog: joins him --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: Forgotten relatives, maybe?
text: Ed uses his finger to wipe clean an inscription written
dialog: on the bottom of one --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No -- First Place Curling.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're not getting anything, are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Not a thing.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - RIGHT AFTER
text: David and Rachel come up the stairs with Ed. Both look
text: nervous to be up there. Lorraine’s standing over by the
text: broken window.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I know a lot of people would be
text: creeped out living by a cemetery
dialog: and -- throw a very old home into
dialog: the equation, and you’re going to
text: get the creaking, moaning sounds --
dialog: especially at night when
dialog: temperature and humidity changes
dialog: are the gegatest and can cause
text: some shifting in the structure.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It’s not that. We would know the
dialog: difference.
text: Just then, a MOANING NOISE that sounds LIKE SOMEONE’S IN
text: AGONY, emanates through the room. Rachel grabs onto
dialog: David's arm —-
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Ohmygod, that’s it --
dialog: + + ED +
dialog: Do it again, Lorraine --
text: David and Rachel look to Lorraine -- huh? They watch as
text: she steps on TWO, water-stained WOODEN FLOORBOARDS that
text: run near an old heating radiator next to her -- producing
text: the same sound.
speaker_heading: ED_ (cont’ dq)
dialog: Right now, it’s Lorraine’s weight,
dialog: but add the moisture coming in
dialog: through this broken window at
dialog: night -- the boards are going to
text: expand and rub against each other.
dialog: beat
dialog: You've heard it in different parts
dialog: of the house because of the
text: radiator.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: So this place isn’t haunted?
text: Lorraine shakes her head --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You’re not alone, a lot of what we
text: investigate turns out like this.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WARREN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Nice. Well kept. Ed and Lorraine pull up into the
text: driveway. Get out of the car, and head to the front
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: EXT. WARREN HOUSE - BACKYARD - RIGHT AFTER
text: Ed_and Lorraine exit a door off the kitchen. Across a
text: well lit yard is a large chicken coop with a henhouse
text: inside, where their dau hter JUDY (7), carrying a basket
text: full of eggs, is with Ed’s MOM (60's). They ' re both
text: exiting the coop -- there’s a dozen or so chickens moving
text: about, and one of them is at their feet.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Be careful honey, you don’t want
dialog: to let Gertrude out
text: Just as they close the coop door, Judy spots her parents.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Daddy!!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hey there pumpkin!
text: Judy hands the egg basket to her grandmother, and races
text: toward them.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Hi mommy!
text: Judy runs across the yard and leaps into Ed’s arms.
text: Gives him a big hug. Lorraine sees that she’s got
text: something dark smeared all over her face.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: What’cha got on your face?
speaker_heading: ; JUDY
dialog: Fudgesicles!
text: Her little eyes go wide with great pride, as --
speaker_heading: JUDY (cont'd)
dialog: I ate the whole box!
text: Ed’s mom approaches, all smiles --
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Oh, not the whole box... I did
dialog: Manage to have one.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hi mom.
text: gives her a kiss on the cheek, then looks to Lorraine,
text: hal laughing. Passes Judy over to her, who gives her a
dialog: ig hug.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I missed you!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: INT. WARREN HOUSE - KITCHEN - LATER
text: Ed reaches for a phone hanging on the kitchen wall. As
text: he dials a number, he smiles when he sees a photo of Judy
text: on the counter next to him. It’s framed in Fudgesicle
text: sticks, and made to look like a church with a cross.
text: Scribbled along the bottom is, “I love you, daddy”.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Father Jordan -- Ed Warren is on
dialog: the phone for you.
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL OF THE HOLY CROSS - OFFICE - SAME
text: Walking , into an opulent office full of antique furniture
text: and religious icons, is FATHER JORDON (late thirties).
text: He takes a seat in a chair, then picks up a phone on his
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: FATHER JORDON
dialog: Hey Ed -- how’d it go?
speaker_heading: ED (V.O.)
dialog: The house was empty --
speaker_heading: FATHER JORDON
dialog: That’s good news. I appreciate
dialog: your help.
speaker_heading: ED (V.O.)
dialog: You bet.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Was your father any better today?
speaker_heading: FATHER JORDON
dialog: Yeah -- we actually eet him up and
dialog: walking around. ink he’s
dialog: going to be fine. Thanks for
dialog: asking.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JUDY'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Lorraine and Judy, who’s now wearing pajamas, sit on the
text: edge of the bed as Lorraine finishes braiding Judy's
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: JUDY
text: Grandma really snores.
text: Lorraine chuckles.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: c'mon, let’s get you into bed.
text: Lorraine stands and lifts the covers. Judy slides in
text: under them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: I missed you so much.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: I missed you too.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Sleep tight.
text: Lorraine gives Judy a tender kiss good-night, then
text: reaches over and turns off a light on a nightstand next
text: to the bed.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PERRON HOUSE - BACK YARD - AFTERNOON
text: Dark rain clouds threaten. The leaves in the trees have
text: begun to turn color. The garden off to the side is now
text: void of any growth -- the ground bare. The Scarecrow
text: looks dead itself; it’s stringy hair drawn across its
text: face by a small breeze.
text: Andrea, wearing a warm sweater, is kneeling before a
text: small grave at the base of a tree. There’s a wooden
text: cross with the name SADIE written on it. She’s pulling
text: several weeds away.
text: Cindy ¢ s helping Carolyn take down some sheets from a
text: clothing line as they ripple in the wind.
text: Roger's Rig is parked next to the barn.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PERRON HOUSE - KITCHEN - SOON AFTER
text: Carolyn comes in with the girls. Roger’s on the phone.
text: He looks tired. Strained. As they cross --
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Glen, I’m just looking for
dialog: anything, man -- I need to get
dialog: something going on or I’m going to
dialog: lose the insurance on the rig.
dialog: (listens; frustrated)
dialog: That’s half my rate and twice the
dialog: distance.
dialog: (listens; giving in)
dialog: Yeah, alright, alright, I’1l take
dialog: it.
text: Roger hangs up the phone. Looks to Carolyn -- shakes his
dialog: ead.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: sympathetic)
dialog: (
dialog: What’s the route?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ; _ ROGER
dialog: Fucking Florida. Two week turn
dialog: arounds. I start tomorrow.
text: She's shocked that he just cussed in front of the kids.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - BEDROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Andrea is in bed, sound asleep. Pouring rain pelts
text: against her window -- her eyes snap open. She finds
text: herself facing the grey cat back on her bed -- its ears
text: drawn back, HISSING through exposed fangs -- ready for a
text: ft Bt oh it’s eyes slowly tracking something moving just
dialog: ehind her.
text: andrea’s peripheral vision suddenly picks up the OUTLINES
text: OF TWO HANDS with only THREE FINGERS ON EACH pressing out
text: from within her pillow case, folding her pillow up on the
text: sides, closing in on her face --
text: The cat HISSES, then leaps to the floor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PERRON HOME - MASTER BEDROOM - SAME
text: Carolyn and Roger are rattled from a dead sleep by
text: Andrea's blood curdling scream -- both scramble out of
text: the covers to get to her.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANDREA’S ROOM - RIGHT AFTER
text: Roger’s to the doorway first. Looks in to see the bed’s
text: empty. Eyes shift pooking for his girl, but areas of the
text: room are Swallowed in darkness.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Andrea...?
text: Carolyn joins him. Roger hits the switch on the wall,
text: shedding light on Andrea, who’s curled up in a corner,
text: hyperventilating with fear. The tears are flowing as she
text: stares at her bed.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: HALLWAY - LATER
text: Roger is pissed as he faces Carolyn just outside their
text: bedroom, where Andrea can be seen tucked into their bed,
text: now sleeping.
text: Carolyn’s an emotional wreck. Wipes tears with a tissue.
text: Both speak in hushed tones --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: Demons peering in through windows,
text: cold spots, doors rattling, voices
dialog: -- everyone was fine until you
dialog: started putting all this scared,
text: city-girl bullshit in their heads.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: No I haven't -- there’s something
dialog: wrong with this place.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Then how come I haven't seen it?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: I don’t know.
dialog: pleading)
dialog: I’m scared to death, Roger. We
dialog: need to get someone out here, a
dialog: priest or someone.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: To do what?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: I have no idea. Bless it --
dialog: whatever they do.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Yeah -- that’s just what the girls
dialog: need to see next -- someone
dialog: walking around here with a cross
dialog: damning everything out of this
dialog: house.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I can’t listen to anymore of this
dialog: shit.
text: He heads downstairs.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Roger, please.
text: He doesn’t turn around.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - LATER
text: Roger's asleep on one of two sofas that face each other
text: in’ front of the fireplace, that’s glowing red from
text: embers. There’s a coffee table between the sofas with a
text: half empty bottle of scotch. A nearby TV is fuzzy white,
dialog: that is, until --
text: -- something dark, ominous, crosses in front of it.
text: Roger awakens. Sits up. Rubs his groggy eyes, then
text: rises. Goes to the TV. Just as he turns off the TV, he
text: hears the LOW CREAKING SOUND OF A DOOR opening. He heads
text: to the hallway to investigate. As he passes a
text: Grandfather clock, the time reads: 5:15.
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Just as Roger comes into the hallway -- HE SEES the
text: kitchen door closing shut. As he moves toward it -- it
text: starts to BANG against the door jam in bursts of three.
text: Bangbangbang ; Bangbangbang. Roger’s mind is racing --
dialog: what the 1?
text: The banging stops the minute he gets to the door. The
text: house falls into an awful silence. He opens the kitchen
dialog: loor --
text: -- looks inside. A night-light cascading from a socket
text: next to the sink, kicks out enough glow to see that no
text: one’s in there. A soft breeze coming in through the
text: kitchen window caresses the curtains. His mind settles --
dialog: that must’ve been it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BARN - DAY
text: Roger is pulling out in his big rig. Carolyn is standing
text: outside the house, wrapped in a sweater. She looks soul
text: weary as she watches him drive off.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CINDY’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Cindy’s listening to some music as she sits on her bed,
text: doing homework. Her bedroom door opens and her mom pokes
dialog: e
dialog: her ad in.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: How’s the homework going?
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: It’s going.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Andrea and I are going to bed.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: I’1ll be in, in a little bit.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: LATER.
text: Just as Cindy finishes her homework, her bedroom door
text: begins to make a soft, repetitive bangbangbang noise --
text: like something's pushing against it from the other side.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Mom...?
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: keeping her eyes on the door, Cindy slides out of bed.
text: Moves toward it as the bangbangbang continues, the soft
text: impact barely rattling the door. She hits the brakes
text: when she sees a shadow of something appear in the gap
text: between the base of the door and the Poco.
text: Cindy digs deep for courage, then continues toward it.
text: She’s a foot away and the banging suddenly stops. She
text: waits in silence, listening... that’s when --
text: -- the door slowly opens on its own. Cindy takes a
dialog: cautionary step backwards, but --
text: =- nothing’s there. She takes reluctant steps up to the
text: door jamb and cranes her head both directions in the
text: hallway for a look. All clear. She sees that her mom’s
text: door iS open a couple of inches.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Two steps into the hallway, ¢ Cindy pauses momentarily --
text: reacting to some sort of foul smel She then moves
text: forward, and as she’s about to step into her mom’s room --
text: she stops mid-stride -- her face goes taut --
text: -- standing next to the bed is AN APPARITION of a woman;
text: dark matted hair, white white skin -- her body awkwardly
text: hunched forward over Carolyn and Andrea, who are
text: sleeping, completely unaware of her presence.
text: The Apparition slowly cranes her head toward Cindy.
text: Stares at her with pupil-less, snow-white eyes. She
text: suddenl. oar es toward Cindy ii ghtning fast, passing
text: right throu her body, and vanishes.
dialog: Off Cindy’s scream --
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CATHOLIC CHURCH - FRONT LAWN - HARRISVILLE - DAY
text: Simple white structure with a steeple. FATHER THORNTON;
text: late 20's, is getting ready to take down letters from a
text: small, glass encased marquee posted into the ground that
text: says: A CHURCH IS A GIFT FROM GOD...ASSEMBLY REQUIRED.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN O.C.
dialog: Excuse me, Father Thorton?
text: He looks over to see Carolyn approaching --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH GROUNDS - RIGHT AFTER
text: Father Thorton_and Carolyn share a table under the shade
text: of a large willow.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FATHER THORTON
dialog: -- It sounds to me that it’s far
dialog: beyond just needing a blessing.
dialog: Let me make a call to the Diocese
dialog: and see if we can get someone out
dialog: here to help that’s a little more
dialog: qualified in these matters.
text: Carolyn breathes a slight sigh of relief --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Thank you --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: Super - One week later
text: S.O. Of a PHONE RINGING...
speaker_heading: ED (V.O.)
dialog: .--Hello?
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Mr. Warren, I have Father Jordan
dialog: calling.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WARREN HOUSE - BACKYARD - DAY
text: Lorraine is seated at an outdoor table and has a cup of
text: coffee in hand. Ed sits opposite her. Judy is in the
text: background, feeding the chickens in the coup.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I just wish you had talked to me.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I’m sorry, I didn’t think it was
dialog: that big of a deal. Sounds like
dialog: this family really needs some
dialog: help.
text: Lorraine lets her eyes drift to Judy --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: We were in Maine last week, New
dialog: York the week before --
text: Ed looks at her -- he knows her too well.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: C'mon, what's going on?
dialog: Lorraine pauses, then --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I’m just not sure how much longer
dialog: I want to do this. There’s always
dialog: going to be another case, Ed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He throws her a somewhat surprised look --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: Judy's growing up so fast -- we're
dialog: on the road all the time... it was
dialog: different when she was younger.
text: They sit still for a few silent beats, then --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Tell you what, let’s check this
dialog: one out, then take a break -- see
dialog: how you feel after that -- okay?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: ...Sure.
text: Ed rises.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WARREN’S PLYMOUTH - NIGHT
text: Ed and Lorraine ride in silence along a lonely two-lane
text: stretch of road through rural countryside. The framed
text: picture of Judy now dangles from the rearview mirror.
text: Their headlights hit a small road sign riddled with
text: buckshot that’s posted at a turnoff just ahead: COLLINS
speaker_heading: TAFT RD.
text: Ed turns. Heads down a gravel strip of road that winds
text: its way through the trees to a mailbox. They turn in the
dialog: driveway.
text: -- Although it’s dark and cloudy, scattered moonli ht
text: casts an eerie glow over the farmhouse -- we see it’s the
dialog: Perron’s.
text: Lights on inside splinter out through several windows.
text: The Perron’s station wagon is out front.
text: Ed pulls up and parks. As they get out of the car, he
text: goes to the trun. Pops it open. Lorraine suddenly
text: stops cold -- her smilé vanishes. She stands still --
text: slowly scans over the property; past the house, the
dialog: woods, the barn -- something's definitely got her
dialog: attention.
text: Ed retrieves a handheld tape recorder and note pad out of
text: a box in the trunk and closes it. Goes up to Lorraine --
text: She shows him her arms -- has GOOSEBUMPS all over them.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I guess we’re in the right place.
text: The two of them head up the walkway. Just as they round
dialog: a slight turn --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Lorraine's pov - WHOOSH! A BLACK LAB leaps right at her,
text: it’s TEETH barred as it snarls viciously. Jaws snap. It
text: strains against a chain, which is tethered to a metal
text: post driven into the grass, then --
dialog: Resume -
dialog: Ed looks to Lorraine --
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: You're getting something --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Um-hum.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PERRON’S HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - NIGHT
text: Ed and Lorraine stand at the front door. It opens,
text: revealing Carolyn standing before them.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Carolyn?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: -- You found it okay?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah, no problem.
text: The girls join her at the door -- their expressions
text: somber. Soul weary.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: These are my daughters, Cindy and
dialog: Andrea.
speaker_heading: CINDY/ANDREA
dialog: .. Hi.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Come in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PERRON HOUSE - FOYER - SOON AFTER
text: Lorraine and Ed stand with Carolyn and the girls. We
dialog: catch them mid-conversation:
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: ...In the last few nights it’s
dialog: gotten even worse.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: ..-And these apparitions, do any
dialog: of them have a smell?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: The one I saw. It was horrible,
text: like rotting meat.
text: Ed glances to Lorraine.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: What? What is it? Please.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: It usually indicates some kind of
dialog: demonic activity.
text: An elevated wave of fear washes over Carolyn and the
dialog: girls.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: ---Ohmygod.
text: Ed’s eyes drift to a couple of door handles that line the
text: hallway where pieces of rope are dangling off them.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN (cont’d)
text: It keeps them from banging at
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: / ED
dialog: Comes in threes -- bang bang bang?
dialog: She nods --
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: It’s an insult to the trinity;
dialog: father, son & Holy Spirit -- and I
text: bet it stops at dawn.
dialog: Another nod --
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: God's light.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Do you have a dog?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Used to.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: A black lab?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Yes. Sadie.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: What happened to her?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: The first night we moved in she
dialog: wouldn't come in the house -- so
text: Roger had to tether her out front.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: CAROLYN (cont'd)
dialog: Andrea found her dead in the
dialog: morning -- she had choked herself
text: to death on the chain.
text: Lorraine notices the cellar door that’s been blocked
text: closed with the chair and door-wedge. She starts toward
text: it. Carolyn stays behind.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN (cont'd)
dialog: We don’t go down there anymore.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Because there’s something in there
dialog: that keeps scratching from the
dialog: other side.
text: Lorraine gets to the door and pulls the chair and wedge
text: free -- opens the door, revealing --
text: -- Tons more of the DEEP, VIOLENT SCRATCHES. Lorraine
text: hits the switch on the wall, lighting up the basement.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Lorraine heads down the stairs. As she steps off the
text: bottom step -- she’s hit with a BOMBARDMENT OF FAST, HARD
scene_heading: HITTING IMAGES OF --
text: —- FIVE DEAD, SKINLESS RABBITS sprawled out across the
text: bottom of a farge cage; entrails dangling through the
text: meshing. The leg on one of them twitches.
text: -- The CEMENT FLOOR flowing with BLOOD.
text: -- A large, BLOOD-RED PENTAGRAM is plastered like
text: graffiti on a wall.
text: -- A CLOAKED FIGURE is having sex with a naked, dead
text: woman, her eyes locked wide open. Other cloaked figures,
text: faces hidden within hoods are close by, watching.
text: --_A HYPODERMIC NEEDLE being pushed into a vein on an arm
text: full of tracts.
text: -- Shadowed individuals surrounding an UPSIDE DOWN CROSS.
text: -- The FLASH of a GUN’S MUZZLE illuminating the face of a
text: heavy set_ woman as she pulls the trigger of a pistol with
text: its barrel pressed up under her chin.
dialog: Resume -
text: Lorraine looks sickened. Ed comes off the stairs and
text: oins her. She shakes her head in disgust at what’s
text: appened in this cellar.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: .--This is bad, Ed.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PERRON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - RIGHT AFTER
text: Ed lags behind as Lorraine follows Carolyn and the girls
text: into the living room. She takes a moment, looking it
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: When did you move in?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: About five months ago.
text: Lorraine’s eyes drift over to the fireplace where she’s
text: hit with ANOTHER IMAGE OF --
text: -- blood dripping off the hearth onto the set of long,
text: narrow knitting needles swallowed in red.
text: She turns to Carolyn and the girls -
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Do any of you knit?
text: Carolyn shakes her head -- no.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - STAIRS - RIGHT AFTER
text: As Carolyn, Andrea and Cindy lead Ed and Lorraine up the
dialog: stairs --
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Tell’em about the birds, mom.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: It’s the strangest thing, they fly
text: into the side of the barn -- necks
dialog: get broken. All kinds of ‘em.
text: Cindy looks back to Lorraine and Ed --
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: And things have been getting moved
text: around a lot. The table in the
text: kitchen was blocking the door this
dialog: morning.
text: As Carolyn steps onto the landing --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
text: And the clocks -- they stop at
text: 5:15 a.m.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: All of them?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Um-hum.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Ed and Lorraine continue to follow the girls toward the
text: master bedroom. The walls are empty except for several
text: protruding nails from each.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: We used to have family pictures,
dialog: but something keeps knocking them
dialog: off the nails, so I just stopped
dialog: putting them back up.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: And Yous husband hasn’t seen any
dialog: of this?
text: Carolyn shakes her head.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: qhings only happen when he’s gone.
dialog: He thinks it’s all in our heads.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: He’s not being shown anything on
dialog: purpose.
dialog: Off her look --
speaker_heading: ED (cont'd)
dialog: It_creates friction in the
dialog: relationship, a negative energy
dialog: for whatever’s here to feed on.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Well, it’s working.
text: As they pass Andrea’s room --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN (cont'd)
dialog: This is where Andrea had that
dialog: experience on the bed.
text: Lorraine pauses for a moment looking in. Notices that
text: none of the pillows have cases on them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: LORRAINE O.C.
dialog: Where was the apparition?
text: Lorraine and Ed enter, leaving Carolyn and the girls at
text: the doorframe.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CINDY
text: On the left side of the bed.
text: Lorraine walks over to it. Ed moves to a dresser, looks
text: to a framed photo of the girls, then to a framed wedding
text: picture of Roger and Carolyn. There’s another photo of
text: Roger kneeling on_ one knee, posing next to a twelve-point
text: buck he’s shot. His rifle rests across his arms.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LATER
text: Ed sits with Carolyn at the kitchen table with his tape
text: recorder between them.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I just want you to start from the
dialog: beginning.
text: Carolyn nods. Ed hits the PLAY and RECORD buttons at the
dialog: same time.
speaker_heading: ED (cont'd)
dialog: My name’s Ed Warren. It’s
dialog: November lst, 1972. I’m sitting
dialog: here with Carolyn Perron who, with
dialog: her family, has been experiencing
dialog: supernatural occurrences --
text: He looks to Carolyn.
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: Okay, go ahead --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PERRON HOUSE - FAMILY ROOM - SAME
text: Lorraine is sitting on the sofa with Andrea. She notices
text: that she’s bitten her nails down to nothing --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: -- Anything else?
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: -- Sometimes I hear a baby crying
text: in the fireplace.
text: Andrea's eyes drift over to the fireplace, which is
text: blackened, and full of ash.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Do you feel like any one of these
dialog: things want to hurt you?
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Um-hum --
text: Her eyes meet Lorraine's.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 4l.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ANDREA (cont'd)
dialog: ..-How do you know when they
dialog: around?
dialog: re
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I get Goose bumps.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: When I get Goose bumps, does that
dialog: mean they’re near me?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Maybe -- can you tell me what
dialog: you've seen?
scene_heading: DISSOLVE INTO:
text: Lorraine is with Cindy, who has her arms wrapped around
text: her knees, all hunched up on the sofa. She stares off
dialog: blankly --
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: -- I don’t know what it was. My
dialog: mom thinks it might be what’s been
text: scratching at the cellar door --
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Cindy, wrapped in a towel, walks out of the upstairs
text: bathroom. She stops dead in her tracks, staring at the
dialog: floor, where --
text: -- backlit by the moon, a tree lays shadows on it through
text: a window at the far end. But it’s not the tree branches
dialog: that disturbs her, it’s that --
text: -- SOMETHING IS SITTING on the branches with crooked
text: arms, taloned claws, and legs sprouted grotesquely from a
dialog: bulky torso --
text: She forces herself to look out the window -- but
dialog: nothing’s there.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PERRON HOUSE - HALLWAY - LATER
text: Lorraine walks into the kitchen, where Ed is still
text: interviewing Carolyn. He pauses the tape, looks to her --
speaker_heading: ; LORRAINE
dialog: I’m going to go outside.
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Almost done.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PERRON HOUSE - SIDE DOOR - RIGHT AFTER
text: Lorraine exits the house.
text: She pauses on the landing for a moment, looking around --
text: sees the Scarecrow now standing in the empty garden,
text: worn, weathered -- looking like someone crucified with
text: its arms out.
text: Her eyes move to the barn, shadowed in the dark like some
text: ill-boding beast. We can see that she’s drawn to it.
text: She steps off the porch. Halfway across the yard, she
text: stops x. as if she senses something -- like she’s being
dialog: watchea.
text: She shifts her gaze just beyond the barn, where a
text: restless breeze has the entire landscape in motion. She
text: lets it go, continues on to the barn.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BARN - NIGHT - RIGHT AFTER
text: Lorraine’s about to open the door when she sees --
text: -- two dead pigeons on the ground, necks broken.
text: She opens the barn door and looks in. She sees sabers of
text: moonlight pierce in through gaps in the tired,
text: dilapidated wood siding, then --
text: -- Lorraine’s immediately hit with ANOTHER HARD HITTING
text: image of Judson on the ground, his bloody face smashed
dialog: in.
dialog: Resume —-
scene_heading: INT. BARN - CONTINUOUS
text: Lorraine steps into the barn and continues several feet
text: in. She stops -- takes in her environment. An old CHEVY
text: PICKUP is parked toward the back next to an elongated
text: work bench. Six abandoned horse stalls are tucked along
text: one side. There’s a ladder that leads up to a loft.
text: As Lorraine turns to leave -- KA-THUMP!
text: -- A SET OF BARE FEET COME JERKING TO A STOP RIGHT IN
text: FRONT OF HER FACE -- the toenails are incredibly long.
text: Cracked. Dirty.
text: Lorraine looks up. Sees a woman dangling from a rafter
text: by a rope -- her neck broken at an odd angle.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She’s in a long grey dress, and has scraggly dark hair
text: framing her face. Her eyes are bulging wide open, and
text: seem to be staring at Lorraine.
speaker_heading: ED O.C.
dialog: There you are.
text: Lorraine’s eyes shift to Ed standing in the doorway --
text: she walks toward him, literally passing through the
text: dangling legs as they fade from her psychic vision.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PERRON HOUSE - KITCHEN - LATER
text: Ed and Lorraine are sitting at the kitchen table.
text: Carolyn refills coffee cups. Lorraine’s looking at the
text: melted monkeys on the table before her.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Do you think she’s the same one
dialog: Cindy saw?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: -.-I don’t know.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: When these things invade a home,
dialog: it’s quite possible that somethin
dialog: has invited them here, or conjure
dialog: them up somehow.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I’ve asked the girls, but we need
dialog: to know -- have either you or your
dialog: husband ever practiced any kind of
dialog: Satanic worship -- anything of the
dialog: occult?
text: Carolyn’s appalled at the notion.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: My God, no.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: People dabble, think it’s kind of
dialog: fun. Play with a Ouija board,
dialog: invoke things up in a Seance --
dialog: and then can’t get rid of them.
dialog: zt happens more often than you
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: With what I saw in the basement,
dialog: this house was some sort of
text: satanic shrine at some point.
dialog: beat)
dialog: Do you know the history of this
dialog: farm?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Just that it was built sometime in
dialog: the late 1800's. We bought it
dialog: from an auction through a Bank
dialog: Trust -- we never knew who the
dialog: owners were.
dialog: beat)
dialog: I always wanted to live in the
dialog: country -- this was supposed to be
text: someplace safer than the city.
text: Ed takes a moment, then --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: This house obviously has to be
dialog: exorcised, but to do that, we need
dialog: the church to authorize a’ Priest
dialog: to perform one.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: I’m fine with that.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: It’s not that easy. We have to
dialog: provide proof that what you’re
text: claiming is in fact happening, but
dialog: that can be the hard part.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Why’s that?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Because it doesn’t always happen
dialog: when we need it to.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: So what happens if we don’t get
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: We don’t have the church.
text: Carolyn deflates.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - FOYER - RIGHT AFTER
text: Ed and Lorraine stand at the front door, ready to
text: Carolyn’s with them. Ed, who’s holding the clock
text: the kitchen, looks at her —— straightforward.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What’s your faith?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: ... I was raised Methodist, I
dialog: guess...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Have your children been Baptized?
dialog: leave.
dialog: from
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: No... we’re not really a church
dialog: going family.
text: Ed glances to Lorraine, then --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You may want to rethink that.
dialog: Without faith, you have no
dialog: protection.
text: Carolyn’s not quite sure where Ed is going with this --
speaker_heading: ED (cont'd
dialog: -- Our presence here Soula make
dialog: things worse.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: ---Why?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Because we're a threat -- and
dialog: whatever you’re dealing with here,
dialog: isn’t going to like it.
text: Carolyn floods with emotion. It’s all too much.
text: Lorraine pulls her into an embrace.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: This is your house -- and Ed and I
dialog: are going to do everything we can
dialog: to keep it that way. No one likes
dialog: uninvited guests. Okay?
text: Carolyn wipes away a tear.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: We’ll talk to the Historian in the
dialog: morning and see what we can find
dialog: out, but it’ll be a few days
dialog: before we can get back here. We
dialog: have to make sure our tech guy is
dialog: available and we also need to get
dialog: someone to film everything for us.
text: Lorraine’s attention is drawn to Cindy and Andrea,
text: looking down at them from the top of the stairs with
text: scared, worried faces.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. WARREN'S PLYMOUTH - NIGHT
text: Ed pulls up to the entrance of the Harrisville Motel --
text: single story, maybe thirty rooms.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Lorraine is sitting on the edge of a queen-size bed, the
text: cradle of a dial phone to her ear, listening. She makes
text: eye contact with Ed, who enters from outside, carrying a
text: small suitcase and the cardboard box with the tape
text: recorder and kitchen clock inside.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Well that’s very nice of
dialog: grandma... seeing as it’s so far
dialog: past your bed time and you have
dialog: school tomorrow.
text: Ed grins, places the box and suitcase on a dresser.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: Yes honey, daddy’s right here.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: I love you too.
text: She holds out the phone for Ed, who takes a seat next to
text: her -- mouths “she promised”. Ed seems somewhat amused --
dialog: * + ED +
dialog: Hi pumpkin, what’cha doing up so
dialog: late?
dialog: While he listens --
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: Oh, Tennessee Tuxedo was on?
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL - BATHROOM —- LATER
text: CU on Lorraine soaking in the tub filled with bubbles --
text: her eyes are closed.
text: Widen. We see that her head is tilted back on Ed’s
text: chest, who is soaking with her, stroking her arms. Steam
dialog: rises.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You seem kinda quiet, you okay?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
text: It’s just hitting close to home.
dialog: Andrea reminds me so much of Judy.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I know. We'll get it fixed.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - LATER
text: Lorraine exits the bathroom, donning a robe. She’s towel
text: drying her hair.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Doesn’t like the look she ets from Ed, who is clad ina
text: pair of pajama bottoms, sitting on the’ edge of the bed
text: with the tape recorder in his hands.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: ED
text: Carolyn’s voice didn’t record.
dialog: Listen.
scene_heading: He hits play -- WE HEAR:
speaker_heading: ED (V.O. ) (cont! d)
dialog: My name’s Ed Warren. It
dialog: November Ist, 1972. I’m sitting
dialog: here with Carolyn Perron who, with
dialog: her family, has been experiencing
dialog: supernatural occurrences -- okay,
dialog: go ahead.
text: A long silence follows --
speaker_heading: ED (V.O. (cont'd)
dialog: And what happened after that?
text: Another long silence. Ed clicks it off, looks to
text: Lorraine -- not sure what to make of it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PERRON HOUSE - STAIRCASE - NIGHT
text: Cindy is heading up the staircase with a glass of milk in
text: hand when water slowly cascades down from the stairs
text: above her and slowly caresses her feet before moving on
text: down to the next stair. She looks up --
text: -- eyes go wide. Standing on a stair, several up from
text: her, is a YOUNG BOY (12), soaking wet, dressed in vintage
text: clothing. His skin is stark white and rotting in places,
text: and he as a non-stop flow of water dribbling out
dialog: mouth.
text: Cindy drops the glass -- it shatters. She screams. A
text: second later, a very concerned Carolyn shows up at the
text: top of the stairs. Cindy can barely get the words out --
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: There was a boy standing right
dialog: there --
text: She points to where she saw him -- he’s gone, but the
text: water is still present and dripping down the stairs.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: A night light flowing out from the open bathroom door
text: casts a light glow over Ed and Lorraine, who are sound
text: asleep in the bed.
text: O.C. A SOFT CLICK -- then WE HEAR the tape recorder
text: kicking on by itself.
speaker_heading: ED (V.O.)
dialog: My name’s Ed Warren. It’s
dialog: November first, 1972.
text: The sound of Ed’s voice is LOUD, snapping Ed and Lorraine
text: out of their sleep, unbelieving. Both sets of eyes
text: target the tape recorder sitting on a small table near
text: the foot of their bed.
speaker_heading: ED (V.0O.
dialog: I'm sitting here with Carolyn
text: Perron who, with her family, has
dialog: been experiencing supernatural
dialog: occurrences -- okay, go ahead.
dialog: Where as this part of the tape was blank earlier -- it’s
text: now filled with an INDISCERNIBLE, HAUNTING WHISPER that
text: sounds female -- it continues, until --
speaker_heading: ED (V.O.)
dialog: What happened after that?
text: The tape recorder then suddenly SHUTS OFF --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
text: Ed, the clock.
text: He looks where her gaze is locked -- she’s staring at the
text: Perron clock next to the recorder. The time on it reads
text: 5:15. They look at it, transfixed. It never moves to:
dialog: 5:16.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - HARRISVILLE - DAY
text: Small town. Stores and businesses line both sides of the
text: street. Light traffic.
text: Ed and Lorraine are driving through. They pass the
text: Catholic church. The marquee in front reads: LET GOD
dialog: GIVE YOU A GREAT DAY.
text: Ed continues for another block, then pulls over, coming
text: to a_stop in front of MATHEWS DRY GOODS store. It’s
text: simple, with two large windows, separated by an entrance.
text: A second story sits above it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 49,
scene_heading: INT. MATHEWS DRY GOODS STORE - RIGHT AFTER
text: S.0. of a bell that rings when Ed and Lorraine enter the
text: store. Inside is filled with a potpourri of dry goods.
text: SHANNON MATHEWS, a_woman in her late 30’s, and a teenage
text: gird are behind’a long counter that stretches from the
text: ront of the store to a set of steps leading upstairs in
text: the back. A lava lamp sits next to a register.
text: Shannon’s busy cutting a piece of fabric for a customer
text: when she looks up.
speaker_heading: SHANNON
dialog: Ed and Lorraine?
text: They both smile.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Thanks for seeing us.
text: Shannon looks to the teenage girl next to her --
speaker_heading: SHANNON
dialog: Maddy, finish cutting this for
dialog: Mrs. Doornbos, will ya?
text: Maddy nods that she will, and although she takes the
text: scissors from Shannon, her eyes never leave Ed and
dialog: Lorraine -- neither are sure what it’s all about.
text: Shannon looks to Ed and Lorraine --
speaker_heading: SHANNON (cont'd)
dialog: Why don’t you follow me.
text: She grabs a large coffee mug off the counter and heads to
text: a set of stairs in the back of the store. Ed and
text: Lorraine follow.
speaker_heading: SHANNON (cont'd)
dialog: You gotta ignore my niece, she
dialog: goes to school with the Perron
dialog: girls -- she’s heard about what’s
dialog: een happening out there.
scene_heading: INT. STORE - STAIRS - CONTINUOUS
text: As they head up --
speaker_heading: SHANNON
dialog: Before the Perron’s bought it,
dialog: that place had been empty for’ as
dialog: long as I can remember.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Please excuse the mess up here, my
dialog: Nana's been the Historian for
dialog: almost sixty years, and when she
dialog: got Parkinson's, things just sort
dialog: of -- well, you can imagine.
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: INT. MATHEWS DRY GOOD’S - UPSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS
text: They come up off the last stair into a Larges disheveled
text: looking room packed with stacks of books, filing
text: cabinets, piles of old newspapers and photos --
speaker_heading: SHANNON
dialog: I took over the job, but haven't
dialog: had much time to put into it.
text: Shannon heads over to a nearby table that stands_in the
text: middle of the room, where pictures, maps, journals and
text: other documents are piled in two large boxes.
speaker_heading: SHANNON (cont'd
dialog: I pulled everything together for
dialog: you I could find, but there’s some
dialog: stretches of time missing. I'll
dialog: keep looking and send you anything
dialog: else I might find.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PERRON HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Carolyn is getting ready for bed. There’s a flare in the
text: window from headlights coming down the driveway. She
text: moves to the window and looks out --
text: -- it’s Roger returning in the rig.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SOON AFTER
text: Roger looks clearly irritated as he reaches for a bottle
text: of scotch in a cabinet. Carolyn is leaning against the
text: counter, arms folded, trying to stay strong.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I can’t believe you did this
dialog: behind my back.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: We have to do something. It’s
dialog: getting worse.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I told you I didn’t want anymore
dialog: of this bullshit.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: They said you haven't seen
dialog: anything because it wants to
dialog: create “this”, this conflict
dialog: between us.
text: Roger half laughs to himself as he uncorks the bottle.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Of course they did.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He pours a stiff one.
speaker_heading: ROGER (cont'd)
dialog: And how much are they charging for
dialog: this little investigation?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Nothing.
text: She moves over_to Roger and takes his hands in hers
text: before he can lift the glass to his mouth --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN §cont!d)
dialog: I’m scared to death and so are the
dialog: girls -- and I hate what it’s
dialog: loing to us.
text: She looks at him eye to eye --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN (cont'd)
dialog: Please Roger. For me -- please.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. WARREN HOUSE - KITCHEN - EARLY MORNING
text: Ed enters, looking half asleep. Goes to the coffee pot --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE O.C.
dialog: You’re gonna have to make some
dialog: more.
text: Ed looks to an alcove off the kitchen, spotting Lorraine,
dialog: who has all the info they got from the Historian spread
text: out on_a small desk. She’s holding a hand written
dialog: journal.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: How long have you been up?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Since four -- couldn't sleep.
text: She looks at him -- there’s an intensity in her eyes.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: It’s no wonder that family is
dialog: going through what they are.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
text: An old, very weathered photograph of the Perron farm
dialog: couse.
text: Widen - we see that Ed is holding the picture, a pile of
text: others are next to him. He nurses a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: -- That’s the original farmhouse.
dialog: It was built in 1863 by Judson
dialog: Sherman, who married Bathsheba
dialog: Bishop when she was nineteen.
dialog: (beat
dialog: She was a direct descendant of
dialog: Bridget Bishop --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: We know that name --
dialog: She pauses --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Yeah, she was the first witch hung
dialog: in Salem during the trials.
text: Ed looks to Lorraine, definitely intrigued.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont’d)
dialog: After she and Judson were married,
dialog: they had a baby, and when it was
dialog: seven days old, Judson found it
text: sacrificed -— in front of the
dialog: fireplace.
dialog: Ed can’t believe it --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: I’m assuming with pitting
dialog: needles. Apparently -- she ran
text: out to the barn, climbed into the
text: rafters, proclaimed her love to
dialog: Satan, cursed anyone who tried to
dialog: take her land, then hung herself.
text: Lorraine slides an old newspaper clipping mounted on
text: parchment paper over to Ed, who picks it up.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: That’s her.
text: -- Ed looks at the picture; it’s of a woman hanging from
text: a rafter -- EXACTLY THE SAME IMAGE AND LIKENESS OF THE
scene_heading: WOMAN LORRAINE SAW HANGING IN THE BARN STARING DOWN AT
speaker_heading: HER.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: This is the woman you saw?
text: She nods, then --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Ed _-- she hung herself at five
text: fifteen in the morning.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: That explains a few things.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Lorraine then slides over an old black and white
text: photograph of an obese woman sittin in a wicker chair,
text: lanked by a boy (wears glasses) a girl, who both
dialog: look about ten.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: And that woman I saw in the
dialog: basement who shot herself -- I
dialog: think it’s this woman who lived
dialog: there in the thirties -- last name
dialog: is Walker. She had two children
dialog: who mysteriously sorobebiy wt in
dialog: the woods -- it’s pro ably why she
dialog: killed herself. I’m assuming
dialog: those are them --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Wow --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: And I’m not done. What was the
dialog: original five hundred acre farm,
dialog: has been divided, and sold off --
text: She unfurls an old map next to her. Points to a spot.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: There was a boy who drowned in
dialog: this pond -- he lived in a house
dialog: over here.
text: Her finger slides across the map to another location
dialog: close by --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: And a hunter who died in the woods
dialog: -- he lived here.
dialog: Again, she indicates --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: There was a school bus accident on
dialog: this road.
text: She looks to Ed, more for emphasis than anything else.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: The only children who died, were
dialog: from families who had homes on the
text: property. Four of them.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: ..-People who took her land.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: EXT. RHODE ISLAND - TWO LANE ROAD - SUNSET
text: Ariel pov - of the Warren's Plymouth as it slaloms its
text: way along a country road illuminated by a brilliant
dialog: sunset.
text: It turns off onto the Perron’s driveway. Parks by the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PERRON HOUSE - DRIVEWAY - SAME
text: Ed and Lorraine get out of their car with BRUCE LEVY
text: (30). Clean cut, wears khakis. Gym built muscles gives
text: his shirt a tight fit.
text: They move around the back of their car.
text: Ed opens the trunk. Inside are four large bags of
text: groceries, a cardboard box, which now holds Ed’s tape
text: recorder, the Perron’s clock, a bible, a camera case,
text: some note pads, and dozens of film canisters.
text: Bruce takes a beat, looking around.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Nice place.
text: Lorraine’s attention is drawn to Jerome’s VW van turning
text: onto the driveway and heading toward the house.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Good, Jerome's here.
text: Jerome drives Up right next to them and parks. Climbs
text: out. He’s munching on a large cookie. Smiles to them --
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: I forgot how bitchin’ Rhode Island
dialog: is.
dialog: He notices Bruce --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Jerome, this is Bruce Levy.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Oh, the cop -- nice to meet you,
dialog: man.
text: As they shake hands.
speaker_heading: JEROME (cont'd)
dialog: I heard you’re not much of a
dialog: believer.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You might say that.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JEROME,
dialog: You know you can’t shoot ghosts,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Easy on him, Jerome. C’mon, let’s
dialog: get unloaded.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PERRON HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - RIGHT AFTER
text: A troubled looking Carolyn has the door open as Jerome,
text: Ed and Bruce pile in, each loaded with monitors, VCRs,
text: gauges, and various pieces of camera equipment, etc.
text: Lorraine follows, carrying a box.
text: Cindy and Andrea are looking down from the landing
dialog: upstairs.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: We'd like to do the main set up in
dialog: the living room if that’s okay?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Yes, of course --
speaker_heading: ED
text: This is Jerome, and Officer Levy.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Bruce is fine.
text: The guys nod hellos and move on just as Roger enters from
dialog: the kitchen.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Ed and Lorraine, this is my
dialog: husband, Roger.
text: Even though Ed sees the doubt in Roger’s eyes --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I hope we can help you out here.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Yeah -- me too.
dialog: (to Carolyn)
dialog: I‘'1l be in the barn.
text: Roger heads out front as Ed continues into the living
text: room with Jerome and Bruce.
text: Lorraine looks to Carolyn -- sincere.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: How are you holding up?
dialog: Sees she’s not.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - RIGHT AFTER
text: Lorraine is standing against the counter, listening to
dialog: Carolyn --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
text: ...Water was just pouring out of
text: his mouth.
speaker_heading: — LORRAINE
dialog: This is good --
text: Off Carolyn’s surprised look --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: We want the activity. It gives us
dialog: the proof we need.
text: All Carolyn can do is manage a slow, reluctant nod of
text: approval. Silent tears begin to cascade down her cheeks.
text: Bruce enters, carrying the bags of groceries,
text: interrupting the moment -- isn’t quite sure what to do.
text: Lorraine nods to the kitchen table, which has two baskets
text: of folded laundry sitting on it.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont’d)
dialog: Why don’t you just put them over
dialog: there.
text: He does. Leaves. Carolyn looks over to the groceries --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: -- You didn’t have to do that.
dialog: _.., LORRAINE ;
dialog: Are you kidding me? Jerome will
dialog: eat you out of house and home,
dialog: believe me, it’s the least we can
dialog: do.
text: Carolyn manages a slight smile.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: re; folded clothing)
dialog: Those have to go upstairs?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BARN - DAY
text: The door opens. A column of outside light slides in,
text: barely stretching to the Chevy pickup in the back. Roger
text: comes in. As he reaches for a wall switch --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Camera’s pov - over his shoulder toward the truck. We'd
text: swear there was the silhouette of a woman sitting inside,
text: seemingly looking at Roger, but the second the light
text: comes on, it illuminates a vacant interior.
speaker_heading: Resume —
text: Roger heads over to the truck.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - LATER
text: Ed comes out of the house carrying a tripod and a 35mm
text: camera. Heads for the barn. Bruce exits a few beats
text: behind him, un-spooling cable.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BARN —- RIGHT AFTER
text: Roger has a jack positioned toward the front of the
text: ickup and is working one end of a tire wrench to crank
text: it up off the floor. There’s a small toolbox next to
dialog: the jack.
speaker_heading: ED O.C.
dialog: Nice ride. Fifty-five?
text: Roger looks back over his shoulder to see Ed coming in.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Six.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Two-eighty-three small block?
speaker_heading: ; ROGER
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: You know trucks.
text: Roger finishes jacking up the truck. He flips the
text: “safety” lever into the lock position on the jack.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: My dad had a side-step with the
dialog: big back window. Every Saturday,
dialog: we were working on her.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What're you doing?
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: Just repacking the bearings.
text: Bruce enters, continues un-spooling the cable as he
text: approaches Ed.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Well -- don’t mind us, we’ll only
dialog: be a few minutes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Knock yourself out.
text: Roger starts to unscrew the lugs.
text: Ed mounts the camera onto the tripod. Takes the other
text: end of the cable from Bruce and plugs into the side of
dialog: the camera.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Did Jerome give you the EFD?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: If that’s what this is --
text: He extracts a small hand-held meter from his pocket.
text: Hands it to him.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (cont'd)
dialog: What’s it do?
text: As Ed begins to hook it up --
dialog: When there’s an ener ly present,
text: the needle on it will begin to
dialog: fluctuate, usually between 1.7 and
dialog: 3 mega-hertz, and that triggers
text: the camera to start shooting.
text: Roger looks over to him as he pulls the tire off. Sets
text: it” down.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: And you've actually caught things
dialog: on film?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Well yeah -- that’s the point.
text: Roger, quietly amused, focuses back on the truck.
text: Notices oil dripping from the drain pain. Rolls onto his
text: back and scoots underneath to investigate.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: So why are we putting one in here?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: This is where the witch committed
dialog: suicide. Hung herself from the
text: rafter right above us.
text: As Bruce looks up --
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: Apparitions will at times manifest
text: near their points of death.
text: At that very moment -- WHAM! THE PICKUP SUDDENLY DROPS
text: back down to the floor, emanating a harsh, crunching
dialog: sound.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Ed and Bruce snap a look over to see Roger’s legs
text: protruding out toward them from a small 10” gap Spetween
text: the barn floor and side of the truck, create y the now
text: crushed tool box.
dialog: They rush over --
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: Roger...?
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: UNDER THE TRUCK - SAME
text: CU on Roger's terrorized face pressed slightly against
text: the bottom of the chassis -- another millimeter and it’d
dialog: be a different story.
speaker_heading: . ROGER
dialog: I’m alright, can you pull me out?
dialog: Resume —-
text: Ed and Bruce each take a leg and pull on him. His body
text: slowly emerges. Roger looks to them --
speaker_heading: ROGER (cont'd)
dialog: Thanks.
text: He notices the tool box.
speaker_heading: ROGER (cont'd)
dialog: That was close.
text: Roger gets to his feet. Picks up the Jack that’s fallen
text: over. “Looks at it -- the safety lock is now off.
speaker_heading: ROGER (cont'd)
dialog: Safety must’ve slipped.
text: We see by the look on Ed’s face that he thinks there's
text: more going on here than that.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - CINDY’S ROOM - SAME
text: Carolyn is putting clothes away in Cindy’s drawers from
text: the laundry baskets. Lorraine watches.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: «+.How could a mother kill her own
dialog: child?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: It was never a_ child to her -- she
dialog: just used her God given gift as
text: the ultimate offense against him.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: Witches believe it elevates their
dialog: status in the eyes of Satan.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - LATER
text: Jerome is munching from a bag of potato chips while
text: sorting through a spaghetti pile of cables that run from
text: SEVEN different VCR’s to SEVEN separate MONITORS, each
text: labeled accordingly; basement, upstairs hallway,
text: downstairs hallway, master, living room, barn, and the
text: girl's bedroom.
text: Cindy is standing next to Jerome, looks somewhat smitten.
text: Jerome cuts off a slice of tape with_a PAIR OF SCISSORS
text: and secures it around one of the cables, holding several
text: loops in place.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: And what’s that?
speaker_heading: JEROME
text: A VCR -- it’s a video recording
dialog: device. They think one of these
dialog: will be in every house one day --
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Really? Why?
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: To record what’s on your TV -- so
dialog: you can watch it anytime you want.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: That'd be so cool.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Pretty far out, isn’t it?
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - STAIRWAY - SAME
text: Lorraine and Carolyn descend the stairs, each carrying an
text: empty laundry basket. They stop_at the foyer where their
text: attention is drawn to Cindy and Jerome in the living
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Looks like someone might have a
dialog: crush.
text: The edge of Carolyn’s lips curl into a amused smile --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: He certainly looks like he knows
dialog: what he’s doing.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
text: Top of his class at MIT.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: And Bruce is a police officer?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Yes, Ed likes to use them as
dialog: documentarians -- people trust
dialog: them.
dialog: beat)
dialog: I think it’s because Ed’s dad was
text: a cop.
scene_heading: ANDREA 0O.C.
dialog: Mom, can you braid my hair?
text: Carolyn turns to see Andrea on the stairway behind them,
text: holding a hair brush and a tie-off.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Oh honey, I need to get dinner
dialog: going --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I can do that for you -- I do my
dialog: daughter's all the time.
text: Lorraine hands_her basket to Carolyn, then sits down on
text: the second to last step. Taps the one below her. Andrea
text: takes a seat on it.
text: Carolyn heads in to the kitchen. Lorraine takes the
text: brush from Andrea, and begins to stroke the young girl’s
text: lengthy hair.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: What’s your daughter’s name?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Judy. She’s about your age.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: And she likes her hair braided
dialog: too?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Um-hum. We braid it every night
text: before she goes to bed.
text: Cindy walks out of the living room. Takes a seat next to
text: Lorraine -- watching her brush Andrea’s hair.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: (matter-of-fact)
dialog: Have you always been able to see
dialog: things?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
dialog: AND:
speaker_heading: REA
dialog: overly enthusiastic)
dialog: Yeah, have you?
text: A subtle laugh escapes Lorraine as she gathers the hair
text: in three sections, and begins to braid.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Ever since I can remember.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: What's the first thing you saw?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
text: An aura.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: It’s energy that surrounds your
dialog: body.
text: Lorraine looks at both the girls, perusing them slightly.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: You both have beautiful one’s, by
dialog: the way --
text: The girls smile. The front door swings open. Ed and
text: Bruce enter.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (to Ed)
dialog: I put the other one at the end of
text: the hallway.
text: Lorraine sends Ed a smile as they head down the hallway
text: toward another camera and tripod waiting to be set u
text: He looks a little uneasy with her interacting with t é
text: girls. She sends him a confused look -- what? He stops
text: as Roger and Bruce continue down the hall. Waits for her
text: to join him.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (to the girls)
dialog: Excuse me one sec.
text: Lorraine gets to her feet, goes to Ed.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: What're you doing?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (whispering back)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Getting a little close aren’t we?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
text: I’m braiding hair.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You know exactly what I’m talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I’m fine, Ed -- just helping out.
text: Ed looks like he’s not so sure, but lets it go.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont’d)
dialog: Did you guys get all set up in the
dialog: barn?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah, but we had a little incident
dialog: out there --
dialog: Off her look --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - LATER
text: Ed enters, carrying an ornate, hand-carved wooden case.
text: He glances to Jerome, who is busy tinkering with a
text: contrast adjustment on a monitor. The other monitors all
text: reveal different parts of the house.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You gettin' there?
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Still gotta sync the EFD with the
text: cellar and hallway cameras, then
dialog: ood to go -- this little sucker
dialog: ere is being a pain in the ass,
dialog: though.
text: Ed smirks. Sets his box on the coffee table. Begins
text: unloading several velvet wrapped crosses, setting them
dialog: upright.
text: Ed notices Roger crossing the foyer from the front door --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Find the oil leak?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Yeah.
text: Roger sees the crosses -- looks to Ed curiously.
speaker_heading: ROGER (cont'd)
dialog: That’s a lot of crosses.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: We want to stir things up.
text: Ed takes one of the crosses and sets it up on the mantle
text: above the fireplace.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ED (cont'd)
dialog: The presence of religious icons
dialog: usually brings on some kind of a
dialog: reaction from an thing - unholy --
dialog: sort of pisses them o
text: He sets another on top of the Grandfather clock.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (half joking)
text: Like holding a cross in front of a
dialog: vampire?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah, exactly, but I don’t believe
dialog: in vampires.
text: Roger’s amused, then leaves the room.
text: Ed moves over to the coffee table where he sets another
dialog: cross, then --
speaker_heading: JEROME O.C.
dialog: ...Ed.
text: The tone in Jerome's voice turns Ed immediately.
speaker_heading: JEROME
text: Check it out. Downstairs hallway.
text: Ed looks to the monitor Jerome has his eyes glued on --
text: and see that although the hallway is empty, the cellar
text: door is opening slowly.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: RIGHT AFTER
text: All the Perrons surround Jerome at the monitors, watching
dialog: Ed, Lorraine and Bruce entering the cellar -- you can
text: hear a pin drop. Ed flips on the light.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR - STAIRWAY - SAME
text: Bruce follows Ed and Lorraine down the steep set of steps
text: -- camera is rolling. They get to the bottom.
text: Ed takes a moment, looking around the basement -- glances
text: to an EFD he’s holding in his hand -- the needle is
text: bouncing just between the 1 and the 2.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Something’s definitely here.
text: Ed moves into the basement.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ED (cont’ dy
dialog: (calm, under’ control)
dialog: Okay -- you've got our attention.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: Give us a sign you want to
dialog: communicate with us.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Bruce’s pov - as he moves the camera about the room --
text: not sure what he’s looking for. Settles on Ed --
text: Ed waits for a response. Stillness continues to fill the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: Close the door -- move the jars,
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: Resume —
text: Ed glances to his EFD -- the needle is bouncing wildly.
text: They wait. And wait some more.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CELLAR DOOR - LATER
text: Carolyn, Roger and Jerome stand at the doorway as Bruce,
text: Lorrasne and Ed file out of the basement.
text: Ed looks to Carolyn, reading her disappointment.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Like I said, it doesn’t always
dialog: happen when’ we want it to.
text: As Ed turns to close the basement door -- WHAM! It SLAMS
text: SHUT with a BANG right in his face --
text: Carolyn. sh instantly pivots. Bruce looks the most shocked.
text: Caro) ynis shoots Roger a look, who’s not sure what to make
dialog: out o
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: The clock on the counter reads 1:33 AM.
text: Bruce enters. Sees Jerome take a Tuperware container of
text: vegetables from the refrigerator.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: You hungry?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No -- still full.
text: Bruce moves over to the coffee pot.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: What do you suppose they did with
dialog: the salt?
text: Bruce sees a salt and pepper shaker next to the coffee
text: pot on the counter.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: It’s over here.
text: He hands over the salt shaker --
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Thanks.
text: Jerome begins to salt the veggies -- heavily.
speaker_heading: JEROME (cont'd)
dialog: So I’m curious, what do you think
dialog: slammed the door closed like that?
dialog: Bruce shrugs --
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Had to be a draft.
text: Jerome seems slightly entertained. Takes a bite of
dialog: celery.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: That’s funny, drafts never put
dialog: that look you had on my face
dialog: before.
text: Bruce glances back to him --
speaker_heading: JEROME (cont'd)
dialog: That’s why I dig the machines,
dialog: man. They don’t have emotions or
dialog: beliefs that get in the way. They
dialog: either pick something up, or they
dialog: don’t.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So, if you don’t believe, why are
dialog: you doing this?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Got a baby coming -- fifty bucks a
dialog: day, helps.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: So you think people just make this
dialog: stuff up?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I remember growing up with the
dialog: Boogie Man in my closet, but when
dialog: my parents checked -- they never
dialog: found anything.
dialog: Jerome smirks --
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: You know, just cause you can’t see
dialog: it, doesn't mean it’s not there.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Have you ever lost anyone close?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: ...My dad, why?
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: We should have Lorraine see if she
dialog: can connect with him.
text: Bruce can’t hold back his entertained smile --
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What part of “I don’t believe”,
dialog: didn’t you understand?
text: Jerome takes another bite.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: What're you afraid of man, getting
dialog: busted for being narrow minded?
dialog: Appease me --_ tell me something
dialog: without revealing what it is, that
dialog: only you would know.
text: Bruce toys with the thought, then --
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay» I pot Something in my dad's
dialog: casket that meant a lot to both of
dialog: us.
text: Lorraine enters -- Jerome lights up with a smile.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: You're timing’s perfect.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Why’s that?
text: Lorraine heads over to the refrigerator. Opens it.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: We’re conducting a little
dialog: experiment. Officer Naysayer here
dialog: put something in his dad's casket -
dialog: = can you tell him what it is?
text: She grabs a Tab from a shelf, then looks to Bruce for his
text: approval. He appears skeptical, but smiles anyway --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sure, why not.
text: Lorraine walks over to him. Sets her soda on the
dialog: counter.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Give me your hands.
text: She takes them, then closes her eyes. Bruce seems a
dialog: little uncomfortable.
dialog: After a long moment --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: It's a baseball -- has something
dialog: written on it, all I can make out
dialog: are a J anda R.
text: Lorraine opens her eyes, releases Bruce’s hands.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: «+-SO?
text: He shrugs.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: .-.That wasn’t it.
text: She looks at him somewhat surprised -- really?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Oh well, must be tuning into
dialog: something else then --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - LATER
text: Lorraine is seated next to Carolyn in front of the
text: monitors, who's watching Andrea and Cindy curled asleep
text: on Cindy's bed.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: I think you guys being here makes
dialog: them feel safe
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: LIVING ROOM - MORNING
text: Shards of morning light pierce through the windows,
text: warming up the room with golden light.
text: Angle - the Grandfather clock kicks past 5:15 to 5:16 am.
text: Widen - to reveal Ed, Lorraine, Bruce and Jerome, all
text: keeping their eyes on different clocks. Not one of them
dialog: have stopped.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Alright -- let’s call it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: Super - Day Two
scene_heading: EXT. PERRON HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Ed and Lorraine drive up and park next to the house. The
text: Perron’s station wagon is gone. They get out. Lorraine
text: heads to the house.” Ed heads to the barn.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PERRON HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - SAME
text: Lorraine knocks on the front door, but there’s no
text: response. She waits a second longer, then decides to go
text: in anyway. She opens the front door. Even though all
text: the lights are all off, and it’s somewhat dark inside,
dialog: she sees --
text: -- Carolyn, now wearing her hair down, coming up out of
text: the CELLAR DOOR at the end of the hall, then walk into
text: the kitchen -- oblivious to Lorraine’s presence.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - RIGHT AFTER
text: Lorraine stands at the open door. Carolyn is at the
text: counter with her back to her.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Carolyn...
text: Carolyn slowly turns to her -- it seems to take her a
text: second to register it’s Lorraine.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: ...You’re early.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I can’t believe you went into the
dialog: cellar.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: (simply)
dialog: I wanted to get some soup going.
dialog: Needed some beets.
text: Lorraine finds it odd, but lets it go.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: INT. PERRON STATION WAGON - PERRON DRIVEWAY - NIGHT
text: Roger drives up to the house, has the girls with him.
text: His headlights drag over the Warren’s parked car.
text: He pulls to a stop. As he and the kids get out, he
text: notices the barn door is open. Light on. He héads for
text: it as the girls continue to the house.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BARN —- RIGHT AFTER
text: Roger walks in to find Ed working on the pickup. The
text: front’s been jacked back up. There are two pieces of
text: firewood lodged under the front axle for extra stability.
text: He’s up to his elbows in grease as he packs the bearings.
dialog: I noticed you dian’ t finish the
dialog: bearings. Hope you don’t mind --
dialog: just looking for something to do.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Not at all.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Got anymore more grease?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Yeah.
text: Roger walks over to the work bench. Opens a cabinet
text: above it and grabs a can from a shelf. Pops it open as
text: he heads over to Ed and hands it to him.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Thanks.
text: Roger grabs a nearby wooden crate. Takes a seat on it.
dialog: Watches Ed work.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Carolyn told me you going to be a
dialog: priest --
text: Ed ponders for a moment -- does he want to share this?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: That was the plan -- but when I
dialog: get, to my Ordination, I started
dialog: avin my doubts, and realized I
dialog: wasn’t going to be good enough, I
dialog: don’t have the strength they need.
dialog: So I gave it up.
text: Roger takes a beat.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I could scratch my head ‘til I’m
dialog: bald and never figure out why you
dialog: do what you do --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Remember as a kid being afraid to
dialog: hang your hand off the edge of
dialog: your bed because you thought
dialog: something underneath was going to
dialog: grab it?
text: Roger nods somewhat skeptically.
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: Well... mine got grabbed.
text: As Ed throws more grease on the bearings --
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
text: Something yanked me to the floor.
text: It was too dark to see under the
dialog: bed, but I ran my ass out of that
dialog: room as fast as I could. My dad
dialog: didn’t believe me, so he dragged
dialog: me back in there and told me I had
dialog: to face my fears. I buried myself
text: under the covers, scared to death
dialog: cause I could still hear it under
dialog: my bed. Then I remembered what a
dialog: nun had told me in catechism, “God
dialog: will be there for all who need.
dialog: He is your protector.” So I
dialog: rabbed my Davy Crockett knife
dialog: rom my ni Yghtsvand and got off the
dialog: bed and told whatever was under
dialog: there that God was going to kick
dialog: its ass if it didn’t leave. I
dialog: just kept saying it over and over -
dialog: = and it finally went away. Never
dialog: came back.
text: Ed looks back to Roger --
speaker_heading: ED (cont'd)
dialog: It was the best thing my dad ever
dialog: did for me. I put my faith in God
dialog: every day after that, and have
dialog: been checking under beds ever
dialog: since.
text: Ed finishes packing the bearings. Caps it.
text: O.C. They hear the crunch of gravel under car tires.
text: Roger looks out the barn to see Jerome and Bruce pulling
text: up in Jerome’s van.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LATER
text: Bruce enters, carrying a_ coffee mug. Yawns. A CLOCK ON
text: THE COUNTER reads: 0 AM He sets the mug on the
text: counter next to a coffee p pot, pours himself another cup.
text: Goes to_the fridge, and takes out a milk carton from the
text: top shelf, closes the door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sets it next to his coffee cup on the counter, then turns
text: to a shelf above the sink for the sugar. As he’s
dialog: reaching for it --
text: A LOUD BANG echoes as the fridge door is SLAMMED SHUT.
text: Bruce spins -- looks to it, startled and confused as he’s
dialog: the only one in the kitchen, then --
text: -- he sees that the milk carton is no longer next to his
text: coffee cup.
text: A DRIPPING NOISE draws his attention back to the fridge,
text: where milk is now seeping out of it onto the floor.
text: Bruce slowly moves over to it. Hesitates a beat, then
text: opens the fridge. The milk carton is _ back on the top
dialog: s
text: elf, but it’s been SMASHED completely flat, its
text: contents spilling down the interior.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - RIGHT AFTER
text: Bruce enters. Looks to Ed, Lorraine, Carolyn and Roger,
text: who are seated on the sofas -- his demeanor, as well as
text: the look on his face, drawing their attention -- Jerome
text: looks over from the monitors.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: There’s a -- um, something going
text: on in the kitchen. The milk
text: carton moved.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PERRON HOUSE - KITCHEN - RIGHT AFTER
text: Bruce follows Lorraine, Ed and Jerome into the kitchen.
text: Looks to the fridge -- no milk is dripping. In fact,
text: there’s not even any milk on the floor.
text: Bruce whips a glance to the counter, and there sitting
text: next to Bruce’s coffee mug, is the carton of milk, right
dialog: where he set it the first time.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I swear, the carton wasn’t there,
text: it was back in the fridge, and
text: smashed, milk was everywhere.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: entertained)
dialog: Probably just a draft -- I love
dialog: moments like this.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Alright, I get it.
text: As Lorraine follows Ed and Jerome out of the kitchen,
text: Bruce lays a gentle hand on her shoulder, stopping her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE (cont’d
dialog: Can I talk to you for a sec?
text: She turns.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Sure.
text: The others continue out. Bruce takes a beat, then --
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You were right earlier about the
dialog: baseball. The J and R were for
dialog: Jackie Robinson. When I was ten,
dialog: my dad took me to the World
dialog: Series, Yankees and Dodgers -- two
dialog: dollar seats, left fiel Jackie
dialog: Robinson hit the winning “home run,
dialog: and my dad caught it -- handed it
dialog: right to me -- best day of my
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - SAME
text: CU on the EFD METER on the camera tripod in the hallway.
text: The needle begins to bounce past 1.7 Megahertz -- then
text: SLAMS to the outer edge of the range to 10.
text: The camera begins to FLASH repeatedly, the CLICK CLICK
text: CLICK sound of the motor drive blending with the popping
dialog: of the FLASH.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME
text: The SUDDEN FLASHES from the hallway pulls Lorraine and
text: Bruce’s attention back out the kitchen door --
text: Lorraine quickly moves out into the hallway to see --
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: -- Another FLASH popping from the camera set up in the
text: hall. Ed and Jerome, who have stopped at the bottom of
text: the stairs, have their eyes glued on it as well.
text: -- A second later, the CAMERA positioned at the top of
text: the stairs starts flashing.
dialog: + ED .
text: It’s moving upstairs.
text: Ed moves quickly into the --
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: -- where he joins Carolyn and Roger, who have their eyes
text: glued the MONITOR as the camera keeps strobing throug
text: the dark hallway. Lorraine, Bruce and Jerome come up
text: right behind him --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Oh my God.
text: They look to the monitor showing Cindy’s room. As she
text: and Andrea sleep peacefully, THEIR BREATHS are FREEZING
scene_heading: ON EXHALE.
speaker_heading: EROME
dialog: That’s gotta be one of the fastest
dialog: temp drops I’ve ever seen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CINDY’S ROOM - SAME
text: The CAMERA IN THE CLOSET starts FLASHING, strobing the
text: room with bursting with white light. The girls start to
dialog: stir.
dialog: Intercut -
dialog: It’s really hard for Roger to stay still --
text: Cindy’s eyes POP open -- she sits up. Freaks as the
text: intermittent light gives her staccato glances of
text: something staring in at her through the window --
text: -- it’s the beast she saw before as a shadow. She
speaker_heading: SCREAMS!
text: Andrea bolts upright in fear, then --
text: THE LOUD, ECHOING SOUND OF A SLIDE-BOLT CLOSING OVER AND
text: OVER, joins the mayhem -- it’s coming from the closet.
text: Roger can’t stand it -- takes off out of the room --
text: The SLIDE BOLT NOISE suddenly stops -- along with the
text: FLASHES, casting the room back into darkness.
text: The girls dash out the bedroom door into the hallway just
text: as Roger gets there, both folding into his arms.
text: The CAMERA at the end of the hallway STROBES A FLASH --
text: the girls scream again, fearful of what they can’t see.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - STAIRS - SAME
text: Ed is heading up as the camera at the top, pops off
text: another FLASH. A second later --
text: -- the CAMERA in the downstairs hallway FLASHES, drawing
text: Ed’s attention back down the stairs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He waits for more flashes, but nothing happens » Lorraine
text: steps out of the living room and looks up to him --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Whatever it is, it came back down.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Roger is holding Andrea in his arms, sitting on the edge
text: of the bed, while Carolyn is latched onto Cindy, cuddled
text: on the other side. He looks to her --
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Hey...
text: Her eyes meet his. He tries to say something, but can’t
dialog: find the words --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: ---It’s okay.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CINDY’S ROOM - CLOSET - RIGHT AFTER
text: Bruce is filming Jerome, who is holding an EFD out front
text: of him as he slowly moves about the closet. He pushes
text: clothing aside to get closer to the wall behind. Ed is
text: at the entrance, unloading film from the camera on the
text: tripod. Lorraine watches.
text: Jerome pulls the EFD away from the wall --
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: I’m not getting anything.
text: Roger joins the group.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: How are the girls?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Better.
text: Ed looks to Roger.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: They said that bolting noise
dialog: definitely came from in here?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: ... Yeah.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Is_ there anything behind this
dialog: wall?
text: Ed knuckle taps the panel --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ; ROGER
dialog: No idea.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Do you mind if we take a look?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I don’t care what the hell you do
dialog: to it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SOON AFTER
text: Tight on a section of wood paneling being pried back off
text: the wall with a hammer.
text: Widen -- to see Ed sliding the hammer up and down along a
text: anel’s seam to loosen it. He finally pulls it back off
dialog: he wall --
dialog: Lorraine is the first to see --
text: -- A SMALL 2’ x 2’ TRAP DOOR framed within another wall
text: that latches from the outside via a SLIDE BOLT --
text: -- A WOMAN'S VERY OBESE HAND, fingers like sausages,
text: aggressively SLAMS it CLOSED, then SLIDES A LATCH across
dialog: to lock it.
speaker_heading: Resume —
text: Lorraine and the others are looking at the trap door.
text: Ed kneels down. Undoes the latch. Slowly opens the
text: door. It’s too dark to see anything beyond.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Can someone get me a flashlight --
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Yeah, there’s one in our room.
text: Ro ger disappears for a moment. Lorraine puts her hand on
dialog: s shoulder --
scene_heading: _. LORRAINE
dialog: Let me go in.
text: Lorraine gets on her hands and knees as Roger comes back
text: with a small flashlight. Hands it to her.” She thumbs
text: the switch. Shines it into the open door --
text: -- the light stretches into what looks like a narrow
text: crawl space framed in wood.
text: Lorraine slips half her body inside, keeping the light
text: shining ahead.
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWL SPACE - CONTINUOUS
text: Lorraine can barely make it out, but sees that the crawl
text: space seems to open up.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Looks like there’s some sort of
dialog: room.
text: Her flashlight suddenly dies -- casting her into total
dialog: darkness. fhe palms it a couple of times -- gets the
text: beam to shine again.
text: As she points the light down the crawl-space ahead --
text: -- A YOUNG BOY AND GIRL, full of angst and panic,
text: scramble toward Lorraine, PASSING RIGHT THROUGH her body -
text: - it’s the two she saw in the photograph earlier.
dialog: Resume —-
text: Lorraine is slightly startled, but continues into the
text: room ahead.
scene_heading: INT. HIDDEN ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Lorraine slowly stands, her flashlight quartering the
text: darkness. Cobwebs everywhere reflect off the light. It
text: falls upon a makeshift bed with an old, dust covered
text: blanket, which has SLINKY TOY sitting on it. Lorraine
text: picks it up -- sees a wooden box next to the bed with
text: other toys in it.
text: She lets her light wander, discovering that every wall is
text: completely covered with THE SAME PHRASE scrawled in
text: crayon, over and over. She moves closer. Sees what it
text: says; ‘M SORRY MOMMY. I’M SORRY MOMMY. I’M SORRY
dialog: sok. I'M SORRY MOMMY...
dialog: 
text: Lorraine stops -- senses something. She slowly moves the
text: light off the wall and angles it to her forearm -- IT’S
text: COVERED IN GOOSEBUMPS. And for a second, her heart skips
text: a beat -- there’s something else she sees —-
text: -- the light cascading past her forearm down to the floor
text: illuminates BATHSHEBA’S DIRTY, CRUSTED BARE FEET,
text: straddling her own -- from behind. Before Lorraine can
dialog: turn around --
text: -- she is aggressively shoved into the wall. The
text: movement jars the flashlight and slinky from her grasp
text: and drops to the floor.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLOSET - SAME
text: Ed reacts the noise and immediately heads into the crawl
dialog: space.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: . ED
dialog: Lorraine...?
scene_heading: INT. SMALL ROOM - SAME
text: Lorraine is reaching for the flashlight on the floor just
text: as Ed crawls in.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I’m alright.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It was her, Ed.
text: She looks hard to him -- definitely impacted.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: I’ve never felt anything so dark.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We have to get her out of this
dialog: house --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLOSET - RIGHT AFTER
text: As Ed and Lorraine come out, Ed looks to Jerome, direct --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Grab the cameras -- I want to see
dialog: what we got.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS BATHROOM - LATER
text: Ed and Jerome’s movements are fast and precise as they
text: are busy converting the bathroom into a small darkroom; a
text: photo enlarger is on the counter with three solution
text: trays lined up next to it. A small rope has been strung
text: up along a shower rod. As Jerome pours developer into
text: one of the trays, Ed finishes screwing in a light bulb
text: and flips the wall switch, washing the room deep in
dialog: crimson.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - RIGHT AFTER
text: Lorraine is sitting before the monitors, her eyes on the
text: one revealing the master bedroom, where Roger is cuddling
text: Andrea on the bed, who is sound asleep. Carolyn is next
text: to him, doing the same with Cindy, who is also asleep.
text: Chirping crickets and croaking frogs drift in through an
text: open window next to her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: -- A loud THUD pulls her attention outside to where she
text: sees something flopping on the ground by the barn, dust
text: rising -- as if there were some sort of struggle.
text: Bruce walks into the room carrying a cup of steaming
dialog: coffee.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Keep your eyes on the monitors for
dialog: me, will you. I'’11 be right back.
text: Lorraine heads out of the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PERRON HOUSE - RIGHT AFTER
text: Lorraine moves toward the flopping movement, which seems
text: to be slowing with each step she takes. As she gets to
text: it, the flopping stops. Sees it’s an enormous barn owl --
text: neck broken, eyes wide open. Dead. A compassionate look
text: sweeps over Lorraine’s face, until she hears --
text: -- A DISTANT BLEND OF VOICES; pained, fearful, full of
text: anxiety. She follows them to the back of the barn, where
text: through a thick wall of trees and shrubs, she can barely
text: make out an old, beaten pathway that threads through.
text: She heads in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GROWTH - RIGHT AFTER
text: The VOICES begin to grow in volume as Lorraine walks
text: deeper into the growth fighting her way through
text: overgrown branches, following what’s left of the pathway.
text: She comes out into a small clearing to see where the
text: voices are coming from.
text: Before her, surrounded by a crumbling stone wall and
text: completely overgrown with weeds, is an OLD CEMETERY with
text: maybe forty tombstones within; some broken, some toppled,
text: some incredibly worn. The voices seem to be coming from
text: somewhere on the other side.
text: She moves into it. A wind begins to tumble pieces of
text: foliage across the ground, then one tombstone catches her
dialog: attention -- the name reads: Bathsheba Sherman. She
text: moves up to it as the voices get louder and louder --
text: it’s almost deafening, then --
text: -- THE VOICES INSTANTLY STOP, and things fall into an
text: awful silence. It becomes unnerving as Lorraine senses
text: something, a presence -- very close.
text: She scans the surrounding trees, but everything beyond is
text: swallowed in the shadows of the night -- she keeps
text: staring, knowing something is just beyond. After a
dialog: moment —-
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Lorraine turns around to Bathsheba Sherman’s grave. Sees
text: something | protruding slightly from the ground before it --
text: it’s a chi s hand, half covered with dirt and leaves;
text: the skin is white, hails chipped -- full of grime. More
text: leaves blow away, revealing more of a body barely buried.
text: Lorraine inches closer -- it’s a young girl -- matted
text: hair clings to the porcelain white skin on the side of
text: her face. The head is turned sideways. As Lorraine
text: moves around to get a better view --
text: She looks to the little girl’s face -- blanches, it’s her
dialog: daughter, Judy.
text: Then, the exposed white skin begins to grey, and
text: continues to darken and becomes ash-like -- the breeze
text: blowing every part of her away.
text: Panic invades Lorraine’s body as a slow realization
text: overwhelms her. She takes off running back the way she
dialog: came.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS —- PATHWAY - NIGHT
text: Trees branches claw at Lorraine’s clothes as she retraces
text: her steps on a wild scramble to get back. She can see
text: the barn up head. She blows out the overgrowth and
text: continues her sprint past the barn and to the house --
text: -- barely slows to whip open the front door.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - FOYER - CONTINUOUS
text: As Lorraine dashes into the house and heads to the
text: kitchen, Bruce looks at her from the living room,
text: confused by her frenzy of motion.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Lorraine comes running into the kitchen. She’s out of
text: breath. Immediately goes to the phone on the wall.
text: Quickly dials. Ed walks in, curious to what’s going on.
text: He’s about to say something when she raises her hand to
dialog: give her a secon
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Mom, it’s Lorraine. Is Judy okay?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Can you go check on her, please.
dialog: (listens; irritated
dialog: Damnit! Just check -- please.
text: Lorraine looks to Ed -- tears in her eyes. Keeps the
dialog: phone to her ear --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Are you going to tell me what's
dialog: going on?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: It was Judy.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I saw her, out there -- she was
dialog: dead --
text: A VOICE comes back on the phone --
text: Lorraine breathes a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Thank you -- I didn’t mean to
dialog: scare you like that.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: I'll explain later, okay.
dialog: Goodnight.
text: Lorraine slowly hangs up.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What the hell happened to you?
text: Lorraine looks to him, troubled. Tears cascading --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I saw Judy dead in a cemetery. It
dialog: was some kind of warning, I know
dialog: it. There are spirits trapped
dialog: there, I could hear them. She’s
dialog: dominating both worlds.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You've got to stop.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: snaps)
dialog: Stop what?
text: He takes her by the shoulders --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: This -- you know better. I warned
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I thought something had happened
dialog: to her.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: C'mere...
text: He pulls her into an embrace -- gentle, sympathetic.
dialog: Whispers --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: (cont ‘/d)
dialog: You just can’t give. this thing any
text: more strength than it already has.
text: Lorraine takes a beat -- the realization setting in. She
text: gives the slightest of nods, knowing he’s right.
text: Ro oger pokes his head into the kitchen -- Andrea, who’s
text: f asleep, is in his arms.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You okay?
text: Ed looks to Lorraine, then addresses Roger --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: She woke up and was a little
dialog: scared --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - LATER
text: CU on a pair of tongs holding onto a sheet of photo paper
text: as it’s dipped in a tray of developer. As a photo begins
dialog: to emerge of the stairway --
text: Widen -- to see Ed holding the tongs. Jerome’s busy
text: taking . an already developed photo out of the wash tray,
text: and clipping it onto a small rope tied to the shower rod.
text: Both are focused.
text: Something in Ed’s picture draws his attention in for a
dialog: closer look --
text: -- A FIGURE begins to materialize on the staircase.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - RIGHT AFTER
text: Ed hurries in. Sees that Andrea is asleep, curled up on
text: the sofa next to Roger, who is stroking her hair.
text: Lorraine is seated close by. Bruce has crashed in the
text: chair by the monitors. Lorraine and Roger look to Ed --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: You’ve got to see this.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - RIGHT AFTER
text: Ed, Lorraine, Carolyn and Roger are standing at the
text: table, looking at a photograph -- Jerome stands aside,
text: holding two more photos in his hand.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: He’s the boy I saw in the hidden
dialog: room.
text: Angle on the photo - although grainy and transparent,
text: it’s definitely the same boy with glasses Lorraine saw,
text: but he’s at the top of the stairs, heading down.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Now check this out.
text: He drops a second picture. Although it’s the same angle,
text: the boy is now five steps further down the stairs. He’s
text: got a terrified look on his face as he’s looking back up
text: over his shoulder at something at the top of the stairs.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: What’s he looking at?
speaker_heading: . JEROME
dialog: This --
text: Jerome drops the third photo from his hand onto the table
text: before them. The image of the boy is gone, but at the
text: top of the stairs is the dark presence of Bathsheba
dialog: Sherman -- although gzainy and transparent as well, her
dialog: image is a lot more defined, and what stands out more
dialog: than anything are --
text: -- her pupil-less, snow white eyes.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: It’s her.
text: Roger and Carolyn’s eyes are wide, transfixed.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: ..-Why would he be frightened of
dialog: her? He’s dead.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: From our perspective, yes. But
dialog: from that child’s, she’s as real
dialog: to him as you are to me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: She may have died a witch, but
dialog: she’s come back with a strength
dialog: only Satan can give her --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - SAME
text: CU on the mantle where the cross Ed set up, topples with
text: a soft “clink”.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Widen -- A SECOND CROSS set on top of the Grandfather
text: clock, falls onto a rug below with a muffled thud.
text: A THIRD CROSS on the coffee table joins suit. The noise
dialog: stirs Bruce, then --
speaker_heading: ANDREA O.C.
dialog: (soft, sleepy)
dialog: Cindy, ‘stop it
text: His eyes shift to over to her. Although she’s semi-
text: asleep, she thinks someone’s messing with the back of her
dialog: hair.
text: Bruce watches in total shock as the back of Andrea’s hair
text: seems to rise up on its own.
text: He slowly grabs his camera to document it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Camera's pov - as a groggy Andrea reaches behind and
text: irritatingly swats at something that’s not there. Her
text: long hair continues to rise --
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: I said to stop it.
text: This time, she opens her eyes and sees that no one’s
dialog: doing it, but --
text: -- Her hair SNAPS TAUT and she’s aggressively yanked off
text: the chair and onto the floor. She screams as she begins
text: to get wildly snaked all over the floor --
text: Although Bruce drops the camera to its side -- it keeps
text: rolling, giving us a side view of Bruce moving over to
text: Andrea and grabbing onto her.
speaker_heading: Resume —
text: Whatever has hold of Andrea’s hair, is strong enough to
text: keep moving them both as Bruce tries to protect her,
text: enveloping the youn irl with his large bod tumblin
dialog: this way, then hat way, when —-— g Yr g
text: -- the two of them are slammed into the coffee table
text: where Bruce takes most of the impact -- pieces of wood go
dialog: flying.
text: Ed and Lorraine come running in -- Ed joins the fight,
text: struggling to hold Bruce/Andrea in one place -- it isn’t
dialog: working.
text: The fight continues -- Andrea is wild-eyed, screaming
text: hysterically -- her hair stretched to its jimit.
text: Roger comes racing in, then Carolyn, who seems less
dialog: disturbed --
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Ohmygod.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Bruce and Andrea hit the corner of the sofa, which pushes
text: it four feet across the wood floor -- then they’re
dialog: immediately dragged once again --
text: Roger attempts to latch on to them -- the strain on
text: Andrea's hair looks like it’s going to be pulled out of
dialog: her scalp, until --
text: WHOOSH! A PAIR OF SCISSORS slices right through it,
text: releasing all tension.
text: The struggle instantly stops. Standing over Bruce and
text: Andrea is Lorraine, Jerome’s scissors in hand.
text: Roger immediately pulls Andrea into his arms.
text: Ed looks to a very distraught Bruce, whose face is bloody
text: from a wound on his forehead.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I‘1ll take a guy with a gun any
dialog: day.
text: Ed sees the light on the camera --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Did you get any of it?
text: Bruce nods.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PERRON HOUSE - FRONT - SUNRISE
text: Ed and Roger approach the back of the Perron’s station
text: wagon, each carrying two small suitcases. The first rays
text: of morning light pierce the horizon.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: We're going to get the footage
dialog: developed and bring it over to the
dialog: church right away -- this house
dialog: needs to be exorcised as soon as
dialog: possible.
text: Roger opens the back of the car --
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I’'1l_ get you paid back for the
dialog: hotel.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Let’s not worry about that right
dialog: now.
text: We see the gratitude runs deep for Roger as he places the
text: suitcases inside.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: When do you think you can get
dialog: someone out here?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: It should only take a couple of
dialog: days.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But listen to me --
text: Roger looks to him --
speaker_heading: ED (cont'd)
dialog: -- Under no circumstances does
dialog: anyone come back here until we say
dialog: so.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PERRON HOUSE - BASE OF STAIRS - SAME
text: Lorraine comes out of the living room. Bruce and Jerome
text: are in the background, breaking down the equipment.
text: She approaches Andrea, who is sitting in Cindy’s lap on
text: the bottom step -- the trauma still apparent on_her face.
text: It’s hard for Lorraine to see this little girl like this.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: It's going to be okay -- nothing’s
dialog: going to hurt you again. I
dialog: promise.
text: Andrea stands_ and gives Lorraine an unexpected embrace.
text: It lingers. Lorraine is first to unlock from the hug,
text: but Andrea still clings for a few seconds longer, then
text: lets her go. Looks to Cindy --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: Is your mom upstairs?
speaker_heading: _ _ CINDY
text: No, she’s in the kitchen.
text: Lorraine’s walks to the kitchen doorway -- peers in.
text: It's empty. She notices that the back door is open.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PERRON HOUSE - BACK PORCH - RIGHT AFTER
text: Lorraine heads outside. She catches a glimpse of Carolyn
text: heading into the woods behind the barn.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - RIGHT AFTER
text: Lorraine makes her way through the woods, literally
text: retracing her steps from before. As she approaches the
text: clearing, she can see --
text: -- carolyn sitting on the wall of the cemetery with her
text: back to her Light pierces down through the thick canopy
dialog: above.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Carolyn..
text: Carolyn doesn’t turn around. Lorraine slowly approaches.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: Are you okay?
text: As Lorraine nears, it’s hard to tell if it’s the
text: afternoon light and shadows are playing tricks with her
text: eyes, but it looks like, from the side view, there's
text: something off about Carolyn’s face -- it almost looks
dialog: like another woman’s --
text: Carolyn slowly swivels her head to Lorraine -- which
text: seems normal now, but there’s a distance in her eyes.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Yes...?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: What’re you doing here?
text: Lorraine notices that Carolyn is holding the SLINKY she
text: saw in the hidden room.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. WARREN’S PLYMOUTH - RIGHT AFTER
text: Ed and Lorraine drive along a country road.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: She said she just wanted to see
dialog: it, And she was holding the
dialog: slinky I saw in that room.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: As far as I’m concerned, the
dialog: church can’t get there fast
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BOSTON - DAY
text: High camera angle - drops down onto the Warren’s Plymouth
text: as they drive across Bunker Hill Bridge and into downtown
dialog: Boston.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Camera keeps dropping down. We’re close enough to see
dialog: the Plymouth pull curbside to:
scene_heading: EXT. CATHEDRAL OF THE HOLY CROSS - BOSTON - CONTINUOUS
text: Ed parks in front of a very large, impressive stone
text: structure with peaked roofs and stained glass. As Ed and
text: Lorraine get out of the car, THEY HEAR the soft, angelic
text: ginging voice of a young boy emanating from the open
text: front doors of the church.
text: They head up the stone steps to the open doors. The
text: singing continues.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - RIGHT AFTER
text: Ed and Lorraine enter. They are dwarfed by its massive
text: size. The center aisle splits through numerous rows of
text: pews. Up front, a choir director stands off to the side
text: during a rehearsal, as a young g boy. sings his heart out.
text: An all boys choir stand sitent behind them.
text: Ed dips his fingertips into a bowl sculpted from marble,
text: full of Holy water. Says a silent prayer, then crosses
text: himself. Lorraine follows suit.
text: The two of them are approached by Father Jordon. Greets
text: them with a warm smile.
speaker_heading: FATHER JORDON
dialog: Let’s see what you've got.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Camera’s skewed pov of - THE LAST FEW SECONDS WITH BRUCE
text: AND ANDREA thrashing about the floor, just as she gets
text: her hair cut by Roger.
dialog: Wide to see, we’re --
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - FATHER JORDON’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Ed and Lorraine are sitting down with Father Jordon.
text: Thick curtains are pulled across a paned window. Father
text: Jordon turns off a projector next to him that’s been
text: throwing the Sequence onto a screen set up against a
text: wall. We see Ed’s tape recorder on the table as well.
text: Ed and Lorraine look to Father Jordon for his response.
text: He seems a little stunned.
speaker_heading: FATHER JORDON
dialog: You weren’t kidding -- I’1l get
dialog: this to the Archbishop right away.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: EXT. WARREN HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - EVENING
text: Ed and Lorraine exit their car. Judy comes out the front
text: door and Lorraine runs to her, swooping her up in her
text: arms. Ed's mom is in the background.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: SIX DAYS LATER
scene_heading: INT. DINER - DAY
text: Lunch crowd. Don McLean's “American Pie” plays in the
text: b.g. as Cindy and Andrea are sitting on bar stools at a
text: linoleum counter, picking through lunch.
text: Out of ear shot, and seated at_a booth opposite the
text: counter, is Roger. He’s with Ed and Lorraine, and looks
dialog: stressed out.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: But you said it'd only take a
dialog: couple of days.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: We don’t know why it’s taking so
dialog: long. Father Jordon says that the
dialog: Vatican keeps telling him to be
dialog: patient, but I’m driving to New
dialog: York tomorrow to see if Father
dialog: Langston can find out what's going
dialog: on. He’s a high level Cardinal
dialog: we've worked with before -- and
dialog: knows the Archbishop pretty well.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I’m just so worried about Carolyn.
dialog: I think all the stress has_been
dialog: too much. She’s not herself at
dialog: all -- hasn’t showered, doesn’t
text: wear makeup, is barely’ sleeping.
dialog: And she just disappears for hours
dialog: at a time.
dialog: Off their look --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MATHEWS DRY GOOD’S - DAY
text: A set of knitting needles are placed on a counter.
dialog: Widen - we see it’s a very unkept Carolyn who has placed
text: them there to purchase. Shannon’s niece, Maddy, is at
text: the cash register, a little uneasy.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Do you need any yarn?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Carolyn shakes her head no.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SAINT PATRICK’S CATHEDRAL - NEW YORK CITY - NEXT DAY
text: A massively impressive structure of stone, stained glass
text: and towering cathedrals.
text: Ed is in a phone booth on the corner, the phone pressed
dialog: to his ear --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Father Langston called the Vatican
dialog: directly and they told him it had
dialog: been presented by the Archbishop,
dialog: but there’s some issues.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (V.O.)
dialog: Issues -- what’s that supposed to
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: He didn’t know, they wouldn’t
dialog: elaborate.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WARREN HOUSE - KITCHEN - SAME
text: Lorraine’s sitting at the desk.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: What’re we going to do?
speaker_heading: ED (V.O.)
dialog: I don’t know -- I’m going to hit
dialog: the road, it’s going to be
dialog: midnight before I get home as it
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Alright, be safe. Love you.
speaker_heading: ED (V.0O.)
dialog: Love you, too.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WARREN HOUSE - KITCHEN - LATER
text: The phone rings. Lorraine enters the kitchen and answers
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Hey Jerome --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: O.C. The doorbell rings.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Honey, I’m on the phone, can you
dialog: see who that is?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WARREN HOUSE - FOYER - SAME
text: Judy comes down the stairs.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Okay, mom.
text: She continues to the front door. Opens it to see a UPS
text: DELIVERY MAN standing before in a crisp brown uniform.
text: Holds an over-sized manila envelope.
speaker_heading: JUDY (cont'd)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: UPS
dialog: Well hi back. Would you be part
dialog: of the Warren family?
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: UPS
dialog: Well then, here you go.
text: He hands her a large manila envelope.
speaker_heading: UPS (cont'd)
dialog: Have a nice day.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Thanks!
text: He leaves.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - RIGHT AFTER
text: Judy walks in -- Lorraine’s still on the phone.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
text: -- Ed’s about to lose his mind.
text: Lorraine looks to her -- sees the envelope and reads the
dialog: return address: it’s from Shannon in Harrisville. She
text: motions for Judy to put it on the desk, which she does.
text: gudy grabs a small basket off the kitchen counter. Looks
dialog: er mom --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: . JUDY
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: I’m gonna go get some eggs, ‘kay?
text: Lorraine covers the mouthpiece.
speaker_heading: JUDY (cont'd)
dialog: That’s fine, honey.
text: Judy heads out the back door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WARREN HOUSE - BACKYARD - CONTINUOUS
text: Judy makes her way to the chicken coop. Calls out --
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Gertrude, Henrietta, Lolly...
speaker_heading: AT THE COOP
text: Judy opens the coop door. Steps in. She’s surprised to
dialog: see that there aren’t any chickens outside the hen house,
dialog: but --
text: Something in the dirt at her feet catches her attention.
text: She takes a closer look --
text: -- It’s the SLINKY from the Perron house, half in and out
text: of the dirt. She picks it u Examines, then puts it in
text: her basket 4s she heads to the henhouse door.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Gertrude, where are you?
text: More silence. Judy unlatches the door. Swings it open.
text: She steps in.
scene_heading: INT. HENHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: As Judy's eyes slowly adjust to the minimal light,
text: unbeknownst to her, the HENHOUSE DOOR slowly c oses
text: behind her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME
text: Lorraine watches Judy out through the window.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: We'll let you know when we find
dialog: out any thing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Say hi to your mom.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Just _as_ she hangs up -- an ear curdling SCREAM from Judy
text: ERUPTS FROM THE HENHOUSE.
text: Lorraine's body goes tight, then she kicks it into high
text: and races out of the kitchen to the backyard.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Lorraine is moving fast as her legs will carry her to the
dialog: chicken coop.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Judy!
text: No answer -- and it’s killing her.
scene_heading: AT THE CHICKEN COUPE
speaker_heading: a LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: Judy?
text: Lorraine barely slows down to open the outer door and
text: move inside the coop.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: Honey, answer me.
text: She sprints to the henhouse door and tries to open it,
dialog: but_it won’t budge -- she gives it ever thing she’s got,
text: pulling as hard as she can, then -- it finally whips
dialog: open. Lorraine races in --
scene_heading: INT. HENHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: -=- Sees Judy on her knees, facing the opposite direction.
text: She turns to her mom, tears rolling down her cheeks. Has
text: one of the chickens in her lap -- it’s not moving.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Gertrude’s dead, mom. They all
dialog: are.
text: Lorraine looks past. her daughter -- dead chickens are
text: everywhere -- all their necks broken at obscured angles.
text: Lorraine sees the slinky in the basket next to her
text: daughter. Dread begins to set in for Lorraine.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Where'd you get that?
text: Through her tears, Judy follows her mom’s sight to the
dialog: basket.
speaker_heading: JUDY
text: It was on the ground.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: INT. WARREN HOUSE - KITCHEN - SOON AFTER
text: Lorraine walks Judy in. Dumps the slinky in the trash
dialog: can.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Lorraine and Judy, who’s now wearing pajamas, sit on the
text: edge of a four posted, chiffon-canopied bed as Lorraine
text: finishes braiding Judy’ s hair. She has calmed down
dialog: significantly.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Did you call daddy and tell him?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: He’s on the road honey, I’1l tell
text: him when he gets home.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: MASTER BEDROOM - LATER
text: A shaft of moonlight piercing through a window, stretches
text: across Lorraine’s face in bed. Lorraine’s EYES SUDDENLY
text: POP OPEN, startled. She looks to Judy, who’s talking in
dialog: her sleep, saying:
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: I’m sorry mommy, I’m sorry mommy.
text: The words chill her to the bone. She gives Judy a slight
dialog: nudge --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Judy.
text: Judy doesn’t awaken, continues --
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: I’m sorry mommy, I’m --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Honey --
text: She shakes her harder. Judy’s words fade as she rolls
text: over, sound asleep.
text: Lorraine slowly sits up, digesting the current event.
dialog: She gasps --
text: -- someone is standing in the far corner of the room.
text: pat it looks like Bathsheba Sherman staring right at her,
dialog: ut —-
text: -- it’s not a ghostly image -- IT LOOKS REAL.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Keeping her eyes on the corner, Lorraine reaches her hand
text: over to turn on the lamp. Flips the switch --
text: illuminating the corner, where --
text: -- there is no woman. Only a narrow corner cabinet.
text: Lorraine lets out a sigh --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: Get a grip, Lorraine.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BATHROOM - RIGHT AFTER
text: Lorraine, now wearing pajamas, finishes washing her face,
text: then exits, turning the light off.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS
text: She walks over to the bed where Judy is sound aslee
text: Crawls under the covers. As she reaches to turn oft the
text: light -- her blood pressure races north -- the SLINKY she
text: threw away is right there.
text: The four posts on her bed begin CREAKING -- she slowly
dialog: looks up --
text: -- stretched out upon the canopy, is Bathsheba Sherman --
text: the contours of her eyes, face and body clearly outlined
text: as she descends closer and closer -- the force of which
text: causing each of the bed posts to strain, bending inward
text: like they're made of rubber.
text: Lorraine remains paralyzed, unable to move... chilled by
text: the ominous reality of this unholy spirit.
text: Lorraine digs deep and finds some inner strength to get
text: herself moving -~ scoops Judy up. Dashes out through the
text: bedroom doorway just as the door whips closed right
text: behind her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DENNY’S RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Ed comes out with a thermos. Gets into the car.
scene_heading: INT. WARREN'S PLYMOUTH - CONTINUOUS
text: As he sets the thermos down on the passenger seat, his
text: heart skips a beat --
text: -- The PICTURE OF JUDY dangling from the mirror has
dialog: changed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The CROSS is now broken and hanging upside down, and
text: Judy's eyes are white, void of pupils, identical to
text: Bathsheba Sherman’s in the earlier photograph.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DENNY’S RESTAURANT - RIGHT AFTER
text: Ed is using a phone at the front counter --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WARREN HOUSE - SAME
text: Camera slowly moves through the house. Everything is
text: still. The only thing we hear is the PHONE RINGING and
text: RINGING -- no one answers.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WARREN’S PLYMOUTH - NIGHT
text: Ed’s hauling ass as he slides a turn and pulls up in the
text: driveway of his house. Skids to a stop. Jams out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WARREN HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - RIGHT AFTER
text: The door swings open. Ed swiftly enters.
speaker_heading: . ED
dialog: Lorraine?
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: -- Lorraine?
text: He sprints up a set of stairs before him.
scene_heading: ON THE STAIRS/HALLWAY
text: Ed, takes two at a time, speeds to the top, then makes a
text: hard right, heading for the Master bedroom. The door is
dialog: closed.
text: Ed gets to the door. Opens it. He looks to the bed.
text: Empty. His panicked gaze shifts about the darkness --
text: Lorraine’s not in there.
text: Ed continues down the hallway to Judy's room. Door’s
dialog: ri
text: closed too. He slowly opens it -- afraid of what he’s
dialog: going to find.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He looks to the bed. Empty as well. His panicked gaze
text: shifts about the darkness, then there, tucked in a shadow
text: is the silhouetted body of Lorraine. She’s sitting on
text: the floor with Judy in her lap.
text: Ed dashes to them -- Lorraine’s got a bible open before
text: her, and a Rosary tucked into her hand.
text: She and Ed’s eyes meet --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What happened?
text: She doesn’t say anything, almost as if she can’t, then --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: ..--She was here, Ed.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - RIGHT AFTER
text: Ed moves into the kitchen -- full of anger. lLorraine’s
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I don’t believe this.
text: Ed goes to an address book by the phone on the counter --
text: quickly thumbs through it.
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: We're supposed to be safe here,
dialog: and you opened the door for her.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: You make it sound like I meant to.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You knew the rules.
text: Ed finds it incredulous. Sees the number he’s looking
text: for and dials. Lorraine is near tears.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE LEVY’S HOUSE - STUDY - RIGHT AFTER
text: A single light illuminates Bruce. Has the phone to his
text: ear. Rain pelts against the windows. His pregnant wife,
text: same age, appears in the doorway, concerned.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I will. Did you tell Jerome?
speaker_heading: ED (V.0.
dialog: No. I can’t get hold Oe him, he’s
text: on his way back from his mom’s.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I’1l get an APB out and have
text: someone pull him over and tell him
dialog: to call you immediately.
speaker_heading: ED (V.0O.)
dialog: Great. Be careful, Bruce -- do
dialog: what I said, and say it with
dialog: conviction.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I will.
text: Bruce slowly hangs up. Looks to his wife --
speaker_heading: BRUCE (cont'd)
dialog: We need a bible.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JEROME’S VAN - EARLY MORNING
text: Jerome is behind the wheel jistening to an Eagles eight
text: track kick out “TAKE IT EASY”. Early morning light is
text: just peeking over the horizon.
text: As the van crests a knoll --
text: -- HE HAS TO LOCK UP HIS BRAKES! Blocking the road
text: before him is a horrible accident between a Ford Pinto
text: and a Chevrolet station wagon. Skid marks scar the
text: pavement. Smoke and steam rise from both.
text: Jerome holds the wheel tight, fighting for control as his
text: van fishtails and SLIDES onto the dirt shoulder, He
text: clips the front of the Pinto, spinning the van into a
text: three-sixty before it comes to an abrupt stop.
text: He looks back at the wreckage. See that two teenagers
text: are emerging out of the Pinto, but the station wagon’s
text: solo occupant, a man in his fifties, is slumped forward,
text: not moving, and flames have engulfed the engine
dialog: compartment.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - CONTINUOUS
text: Jerome exits the van and races to the station wagon --
text: passing the teenagers, who are bloody and confused.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Get off the road!
text: He gets to the station wagon -- the driver’s window is
text: down. His head leaning against the steering wheel.
text: Still wears his seat belt. Morning news flows from the
dialog: radio.
text: Jerome reaches in, feels for a pulse -- finds one.
text: Looks to the engine. Flames are growing. Grabs for the
dialog: e
text: driver's door handle, but it’s all smas in.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Reaches through the window to open it from the inside and
text: pulls on the lever -- doesn’t work either.
text: He quickly moves around to get to the other door -- the
text: heat growing intense as he rounds the front and gets to
text: the other side.
text: As he pulls the door open --
text: The radio continues in the background --
speaker_heading: RADIO DJ
dialog: It's five-fifteen for you early
dialog: risers --
text: SKIDDING TIRES drown out the DJ. Jerome looks to see
text: that an EIGHTEEN WHEELER has come over the knoll and is a
text: WALL OF METAL sliding right at him sideways -- brakes
text: locked up. Jerome doesn’t even have time to react as --
text: -- WHAMMMM! The tail end of the rig picks him clean away
text: from the station wagon -- like he was targeted.
scene_heading: SNAP TO BLACK:
scene_heading: INT. WARREN HOUSE - KITCHEN - MORNING
text: Ed’s on the phone as he stands at the counter. Looks
text: frustrated.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I left a message a couple of hours
dialog: ago for Father Jordon, is he back
dialog: yet?
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: No, I’m sorry -- we don’t expect
dialog: him to return until this
dialog: afternoon.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: There's got to be some way to get
text: hold of him.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: We can’t interrupt him, he’s ina
dialog: bereavement council.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: When he comes in, tell him this is
dialog: Ed Warren, and it’s imperative
dialog: that he calls me as soon as
dialog: possible. He has the number.
text: Just as Ed hangs up the phone, IT RINGS. He finds it
text: odd, but answers.
speaker_heading: L ED (cont’d)
dialog: ..-Hello?
text: As he listens, his face pales, his head lowers into one
text: hand; grieving.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: No...no...no.
text: Lorraine enters, looks to Ed, immediately sensing more
dialog: trouble --
text: Ed continues to listen for a few beats, then --
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: .--Alright, thanks.
text: He numbly hangs up.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: .--Ed, what is it?
text: He slowly rolls his head toward her --
speaker_heading: ED
text: That was Bruce. Jerome’s dead.
dialog: Lorraine couldn’t have heard that right.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: What...?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Car accident, early this morning.
text: Lorraine’s eyes well --
text: Ed gets enraged. Slams his fist hard onto the counter.
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: Enough!
text: A wave of determination sweeps over him.
speaker_heading: 4 ED (cont’d)
dialog: I’m driving to the church and
dialog: getting this exorcism done today.
text: She moves over to him as he’s grabbing his keys.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I’m going with you.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No -- you’re not.
text: The lack of faith in his voice stings her hard. He walks
text: out of the kitchen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WARREN'S PLYMOUTH - RIGHT AFTER
text: Ed’s sitting in the driver's seat. Just as he starts the
text: car, the back passenger door opens.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He looks to see Lorraine, who has the manila envelope
text: from Harrisville tucked tnder her arm, helping Judy in --
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What're you doing?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: We're taking Judy to your mom's,
text: then going to the church.
dialog: Together. I won’t walk away from
dialog: these people, they need us -- this
dialog: is what we do.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You can’t, you’re too involved.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Maybe -- but that’s what gives me
dialog: the strength to fight for that
dialog: family too. I’m going.
text: The look on Lorraine’s face leaves no doubt for Ed that
text: she’s back on track. He nods.
text: She closes the back door, then climbs into the front.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: IN THE CAR - LATER
text: Ed is driving as Lorraine reads the pages sent from
text: Shannon -- they pass a sign that rea Boston 245 miles.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: -- Between the Shermans and the
dialog: Perrons living there, the house
dialog: has only been owned by two other
dialog: families. One was the Walkers,
dialog: whose kids were the ones I saw,
dialog: and the other was the Heichts --
dialog: it says ghey had a son who was
dialog: drowned by his mother --
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - BLACK AND WHITE FOOTAGE
text: Of the boy Cindy saw on the stairs -- his last breath of
text: life escapes his mouth in an air bubble as his mother
text: holds him under a foot of water near the shore of a pond.
text: The body goes limp, his eyes locked wide open, staring at
text: his mother, standing above the surface of the water --
text: expressionless.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (V.O.)
dialog: -- Who then killed herself...
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE MOTHER
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: stepping right in front of a fast moving train -- it’s
text: brutal as we catch glimpses of her body tumbling under
dialog: the train.
dialog: Resume -
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Oh my Lord...
text: Lorraine looks to Ed with a sudden realization --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: ...She possesses the mothers to
dialog: continue the sacrifices to Satan.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH OFFICE - BOSTON CATHEDERAL - OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Ed and Lorraine walk right into Father Jordon’s office,
text: who's in the middle of speaking with the ARCHBISHOP,
text: FATHER O'MALLEY; distinguished looking - late sixties.
text: Both are caught off guard by the intrusion.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I want to know what the hell’s
dialog: going on -- we can’t wait anymore.
speaker_heading: FATHER JORDON
dialog: Ed and Lorraine, this is
dialog: Archbishop, Father O’Malley.
dialog: beat)
dialog: I tried to call you.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: We've been on the road.
scene_heading: FATHER O'MALLEY
dialog: Please, sit down.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I don’t want to sit down. I want
text: an exorcism performed. Today.
dialog: What’s the problem here?
text: Father O’Malley takes a beat -- what he’s about to say
dialog: doesn’t look easy.
scene_heading: FATHER O’MALLEY
dialog: The church is refusing to grant
dialog: one.
text: Ed looks like he’s been sucker punched.
speaker_heading: FATHER JORDON
dialog: The family aren’t parishioners,
dialog: 1.
dialog: and the children haven’t been
dialog: Baptized.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: FATHER O'MALLEY
dialog: Believe me, we’ve tried, but the
dialog: Vatican is worried about public
dialog: opinion if they were to ste
dialog: outside the boundaries of the
dialog: church.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Tell the Vatican no one gives a
dialog: shit. This needs to be stopped!
dialog: Now!
scene_heading: FATHER O'MALLEY
dialog: Please understand, my hands are
dialog: tied on this matter -- I feel
dialog: horrible about this.
text: Ed is dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: So you're going to do nothing?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BOSTON CATHEDRAL - FRONT - RIGHT AFTER
text: A bitter Ed and Lorraine walk out of the church with
dialog: Father Jordon.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: We're just going to have to find
text: someone else.
speaker_heading: , FATHER JORDON
dialog: You’re not going to get anyone to
dialog: go against the church, Ed
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I don’t believe this.
text: Father Jordon reaches out to Ed and Lorrain -- stops
text: them. As their eyes meet -- there’s an intensity to his
dialog: gaze.
speaker_heading: FATHER JORDON
dialog: You've both have seen it done
dialog: dozens of times --
text: Ed looks at him like he’s out of his mind.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: That doesn’t make us qualified.
speaker_heading: FATHER JORDON
dialog: But your strength and knowledge of
dialog: the scriptures can.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: We've seen it go horribly wrong,
dialog: even with a Priest.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FATHER JORDON
dialog: I believe our Lord recognizes
dialog: faith far more than he does
dialog: training and education, or
dialog: politics for that matter.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This family doesn’t have a choice,
dialog: but you do -- and, you have God on
dialog: your side. If you want to help
dialog: them, then help them.
text: Ed looks to Lorraine, both their minds a whirl of limited
dialog: options.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HARRISVILLE MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Cindy and Andrea approach their hotel room. Just as
text: Cindy reaches for the doorknob, the door swings open,
text: revealing Garglyn standing right before them. Her dirty
text: hair is pulled back and is wearing a jong grey dress --
dialog: she’ § even more gaunt and unkempt than the last time we
dialog: saw er.
text: She steps out, closing the door behind her.
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: Come with me.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: We're going home.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: But dad said --
speaker_heading: CAROLYN
dialog: (abrupt)
dialog: -- He’s meeting us there. C’mon.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - SAME
text: Camera pans across the room and finds Roger on the floor
text: next to a broken lamp. He’s not moving and the back of
text: his head is bloody from a blow to the head.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PERRON’S CAR - NIGHT
text: Carolyn’s driving. The girls are in the back. They ride
text: in silence for a few moments, then --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Are you okay, mom?
text: Carolyn doesn’t answer. The girls look to each other,
text: more confused. Their worry continues to escalate.
text: Carolyn shifts her eyes to the rear view mirror and for a
dialog: brief moment, THE EYES WE SEE are not hers anymore; these
text: are dark, menacing, soulless.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: S.O. OF A PHONE RINGING. AND RINGING.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - NIGHT
text: Ed holds a phone to his ear. Lorrain is in the Plymouth,
text: parked outside the booth.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HARRISVILLE HOTEL ROOM - SAME
text: CU on the phone as it continues to ring. Rings again.
text: And again. A hand then reaches into frame and fumbles
text: for the receiver. Grabs it.
text: Widen -- it’s Roger, who’s fighting some pain as he holds
text: the back of his head.
speaker_heading: ED (V.O.)
dialog: Hello...? Hello?
dialog: Roger finally answers --
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Ed -- she tried to kill me.
dialog: (V.0.)
dialog: (fearful)
dialog: Where are the girls?
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PERRON CAR - LATER
text: Carolyn turns down the driveway and heads toward their
text: house that sits dark in the distance.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: You said dad was going to be here.
text: No answer from Carolyn, who continues to the front of the
dialog: house and parks.
text: She grabs a bag holding the KNITTING NEEDLES as she gets
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Cindy and Andrea look at each other -- they can’t figure
text: out what’s going on as they watch their mom continue to
text: the front door and disappear inside the house, leaving
text: the entrance completely open.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PERRON HOUSE - FRONT PORCH - RIGHT AFTER
text: gindy and Andrea walk up to the front door with caution
text: in their steps. A chill chews on their spines --
text: -- the cellar door at the end of the hallway is wide open
text: -- the deep scratches an eerie reminder of why they've
text: kept it closed. The chair and wedge have been pushed
dialog: aside.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: calling out)
dialog: Mom, what are you doing? We
dialog: should go.
text: Still no response.
text: Gandy takes Andrea b the hand, and reluctantly heads
text: inside the house. ey 9 go down the hallway toward the
text: cellar -- slow Step” after slow step.
speaker_heading: CINDY (cont'd)
dialog: Mom -- are you down there?
text: When they get to the door, they peer in to see, a vacant
dialog: staircase.
speaker_heading: CINDY (cont'd)
dialog: Mom... ?
text: A slight shuffling noise is the only response.
speaker_heading: CINDY (cont'd)
dialog: Mom -- answer me. Are you okay?
text: The noise stops. Cindy’s instincts are screaming at her
text: to leave, but this is her mom.
speaker_heading: CINDY (cont'd)
dialog: (to Andrea)
dialog: Stay here.
text: Cindy tries the light switch -- doesn’t work.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: Let’s just go.
text: Cindy ignores her.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR - CONTINUOUS
text: She heads down. Stops halfway --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Mom...?
text: WHOOSH! A HAND suddenly shoots out from between the
text: stairs, grabbing onto her ankle, tripping her --
text: =-_Cindy grabs onto the handrail to keep herself from
text: falling. She looks to the gap between the stairs to see
text: her mom staring out at her with those wild, soulless eyes
text: -- hand still fatched onto her foot.
text: Cindy heel drives her free foot against her mother’s
text: wrist, freeing the grasp she has on her and scrambles
text: back up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Cindy WHIPS THE DOOR CLOSED! The second she slams the
text: chair back into place -- A LOUD, VIOLENT BANGING ON THE
text: DOOR reverberates right before her.
text: The gizis recoil from the impact, visibly trembling --
dialog: how did their mom get there so fast. Either way, they’re
dialog: getting the hell out of there.
dialog: Two steps into their departure --
text: -- THE CELLAR DOOR flies off hinges -- the chair goes
text: flying. Standing in the doorwa half in and out of the
dialog: darkness, is Carolyn; her breat "is elevated, almost
text: hissing on each ex ale as she grips the knitting needles
text: tight in one hand.
text: Both the girls spin on their heels. Race for the front
text: door, which SLAMS SHUT right before them. The girls
text: scream. Cindy struggles with the door, but it won’t
dialog: udge.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Open it! Open it!
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: I can’t.
text: Movement through a side window catches her attention --
text: -- it’s Roger racing up the driveway in the pickup.
speaker_heading: CINDY (cont'd)
dialog: Daaaaaad!
text: Cindy throws a panicked look over her shoulder to see her
text: mom approaching. She grabs her little sister by the hand
text: and races up the stairs.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - SAME
text: Roger slides the truck to a skidding stop. Jumps out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CINDY O.C.
dialog: DAAAAAAAAAAD 1!!!
text: Roger runs to the front door. It’s locked. Front kicks
text: the crap out of it until it busts from its frame. Rushes
dialog: in.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COLIN TAFT ROAD - NIGHT
text: CU ON POLICE CRUISER LIGHTS FLASHING
text: Widen. We see Ed and Lorraine’s car traveling right
text: behind Bruce Levy, who is driving a POLICE CRUISER,
text: escorting them at high speed as they slide a turn onto
text: the Perron’s driveway.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WARREN'S CAR - SAME
text: Ed and Lorraine see Roger’s truck with its door ope n --
text: engine still running. “Its headlights are on, lighting
text: the house like center stage.
text: The cars skid to a stop. Just as they all get out -
text: -- A GUNSHOT ECHOES OUT IN THE NIGHT as a muzzle flash
text: pops from a bedroom window upstairs.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
text: Lorraine turns and gives Ed a disturbed look. Bruce is
text: with them as they all head into the house. He draws his
dialog: gun.
scene_heading: INT. PERRON HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
scene_heading: CINDY 0.¢c.
dialog: DADDY, NO!!
text: Ed, Bruce and Lorraine kick it into high, racing up the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - RIGHT AFTER
text: As they come off the top of the stairs --
speaker_heading: CINDY O.C.
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: ... please, let her go!
text: Ed races down the hallway to the master bedroom. Door’s
text: closed. Lorraine and Bruce are right behind.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Ed yanks the door open to see --
text: -- Roger has a rifle pointed point blank at Carolyn’s
text: head, who has her arms wrapped around Andrea in a death
text: rip, holding her next to the bed -- the knitting needles
text: aving fallen to her feet.
text: There’s scattered plaster on the floor from a fresh
text: bullet hole in the ceiling above.
text: Cindy is a short distance away, petrified.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Carolyn, let her go -- don’t make
dialog: me do this, please.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Roger -- no.
dialog: He snaps -—-
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: She tried to stab her!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: It’s not her doing this!
text: Andrea struggles... barely able to breath. Ed moves
text: closer to Roger, who’s barely holding it together.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Mommy, you’re hurting me.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Mom, stop.
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: Carolyn, let her go.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Pulling that trigger is exactly
dialog: what this witch wants you to do --
dialog: it’s another sacrifice.
text: Bruce moves into the room, closes in on Roger --
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Roger, just lower your gun -- give
dialog: it°to me.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: No! Carolyn, let her go!
text: Roger looks like he could lose it any second --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Roger, please -- give him the
dialog: gun...
text: We see Roger struggling with a decision -- stares at
text: Carolyn’s maniacal face before him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: She seems to be enjoying every second of this, tormenting
dialog: him by pulling Andrea in tighter --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: C'mon, give it to Bruce.
text: Carolyn immediately puts more pressure on Andrea -- who
text: is now beginning to turn slightly blue. He raises it up
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Don’t give her what she wants.
dialog: Roger yields.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You better be right.
text: As he lowers the gun to give to Bruce --
text: WHAM! He's kicked by Carolyn with such brute force, he
text: flies backwards across the room into the wall. Glass
text: flies, gun he sliding across the floor. Cindy’s losing
text: it fast. and Bruce move in to grab hold of Carolyn.
text: Ed gets a backhand to the face. Draws blood. Bruce
text: leaps onto Carolyn, bringing she and Andrea to the floor,
text: but her grip remains strong on Andrea, continuing to
text: squeeze the life out of her, now more than ever.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (to Roger)
dialog: Grab her arms!
text: Loraine and Roger latch onto the arms, her strength over-
text: whelming -- Ed gets to his feet, extracting the vial of
text: Holy water. Dips his forefinger into it. “Crosses
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: My Lord, you are all powerful, you
dialog: are God, you are our Father --
text: Carolyn instantly arches her back, folding her body into
text: an upside down “U”. d gets close, reaching out, placing
text: his finger on carolyn’ s forehead, making the sign of the
dialog: cross -—
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: Ecce crucem donine, fugite partes
dialog: adversa!
text: Behind it all, we hear Lorraine saying the Lord’s prayer.
text: The pictures fly off the dresser at sonic speed and
text: disintegrate into the opposing wall. Glass shatters.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: lll.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: I beg you Lord, through the
text: intercession and help of the arch
dialog: angels Michael, Rafael and
dialog: Gabriel, for the deliverance of
dialog: our sister who is enslaved by the
dialog: evil one.
text: Cindy stands still -- paralyzed with fear.
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: Imponat extreman parte stolae
dialog: ejus.
text: Ed makes the sign of the cross over his chest, then
text: flicks Holy Water on Carol A GUTTURAL SCREAM escapes
text: Carolyn’s mouth, which looks like a spider web of saliva -
text: - and for a nano- second, her skin becomes transparent,
text: veiny, pulsating,
text: She begins to writhe and rotate on the wood floor, taking
text: anyone holding on with her -- her body is unnaturally
dialog: sti
text: A SOURCELESS WIND erupts within the room -- spinning
dialog: every ything around -- clothing and hair whip
text: uncontrollably.
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: Sanctissima vero Eucharistia super
dialog: caput obssessi, aut aliter ejus
dialog: corpori ne admoveatur, ob
dialog: irreverentia periculum.
text: Lorraine sees Carolyn’s eyes keep fading back and forth --
text: from pitch black pupils, to blue -- as if there were an
dialog: internal struggle going on --
speaker_heading: ; ; LORRAINE
dialog: Fight it, Carolyn! Don’t let her
dialog: ake you!
text: The dresser slides agross the floor, ripping DEEP
text: SCRATCHES in the wood. £ just misses Lorraine by a
text: fraction as it plows ri it y her, bounces off the bed
text: frame and embeds into the drywall.
dialog: Lorraine looks to Cindy --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: Help us!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Keep her away --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: No Ed -- there’s a reason she
dialog: hasn/ t killed her, Carolyn’s still
dialog: fighting the possession -- she can
dialog: p her! Get her to fight this!
text: Ed pauses for a second, his mind racing through limited
text: options. Agrees with Lorraine. Nods.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: to Cindy)
dialog: Take her feet!
text: Cindy quickly obeys, holding down her mom’s feet as
text: Carolyn arches unnaturally; a contortion that would
dialog: seemingly break anyone’s back --
text: -- Carolyn then collapses back down to the floor with a
text: loud thud, but keeps her death grip on Andrea, who’s now
text: limp in her arms; her face turning blue from lack of
text: Oxygen. Ed and Bruce frantically try to pry her fingers
text: off of Andrea, but she’s too strong.
text: The wind builds in intensity.
text: Lorraine looks into Carolyn’s eyes that continue to fade
dialog: back and forth --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (cont'd)
dialog: You fight her Carolyn, don’t give
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Please mom, please! You can do
dialog: it. Make her let go of Andrea!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Nos eriperes de potestate diaboli.
dialog: Ab omni hoste visibili et
dialog: invisibili et ubique in hoc
dialog: saeculo liberetur.
text: The bed flips up against the wall, windows blast open,
text: the lights surge with power.
text: Carolyn gives one last burst of energy; muscles twitch
text: and veins rise from under her skin, but everyone holds
text: her down tight -- then, like someone pulled the plug,
text: Carolyn stops moving, becomes limp, almost catatonic.
text: Her arms fall off of Andrea, who rolls to the floor in a
text: dead heap.
text: Everything falls still -- not a sound. It’s over.
text: Roger immediately begins to give his daughter mouth to
text: mouth -- everyone watches on. Crying, praying, hoping...
text: A cough draws their attention -- it’s Carolyn, who is
text: attempting to get her bearings... when she finally does,
text: she’s overwhelmed when she sees her daughter not moving,
dialog: then -
text: -- a small cough erupts from Andrea, who then takes a
text: deep breath. Tears flood from her father and sister.
text: Carolyn crawls over to them, stares at Andrea eye to_eye;
text: both emotional wrecks. Pulis her into an embrace. Roger
text: and Cindy join in.
text: Lorraine takes a beat watching the Perron’s reunited,
text: then looks to Ed. Goes over to him. Their eyes meet --
text: she smiles.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5)
speaker_heading: ED (cont’d)
dialog: You did good.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: You too.
dialog: Long beat.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Still feel like quitting?
text: A slow smile grows on her lips --
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Not just yet.
speaker_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WARREN HOUSE - DAY
text: Ed and Lorraine pull up in their driveway. Judy and her
text: Grandmother come out the front door to greet them. Judy
text: runs to the car.
text: As Lorraine gives her a warm hug, Ed extracts a box from
text: the back seat and hands it to her. She opens the top to
text: see TWELVE BABY CHICKS INSIDE.
text: Off her smile, we fade out.
dialog: The end.
dialog: Over black
speaker_heading: SCROLL
dialog: The Perron family left the house
dialog: that day, and never returned.
dialog: They relécated to Oregon, where
dialog: they haven’t had anymore
dialog: encounters. Shortly after their
dialog: move, the house was purchased by
text: an anonymous buyer, whom Ed and
dialog: Lorraine believe was the Catholic
dialog: Church. The Warrens went on to
dialog: investigate over eight thousand
dialog: cases, and to this day, Ed is the
dialog: only non-ordained Demonologist
dialog: ever recognized by the Vatican.
dialog: It was one year later that the
dialog: Warren’s were called to
dialog: Amityville.
dialog: 
