scene_heading: THE MOTHMAN PROPHECIES
dialog: Screenplay by
speaker_heading: RICHARD HATEM
dialog: Revisions by
speaker_heading: BECKY JOHNSTON
speaker_heading: ALISON CROSS
scene_heading: ERNEST MARRERO & LEWIS KLAHR
dialog: Based On The book
dialog: The Mothman Prophecies
dialog: By John A. Keel
scene_heading: ERNEST MARRERO & LEWIS KLAHR
speaker_heading: INITIAL REWRITE
speaker_heading: NUMBERED SCRIPT
dialog: September 1, 2000
scene_heading: © LAKESHORE
dialog: All Rights Reserved
dialog: 
text: ON-SCREEN TEXT: The following story is based on true events.
scene_heading: FADE IN TO:
scene_heading: 1 CREDIT SEQUENCE - BLACK VOID/NOCTURNAL CITY
text: We glide through a black void illuminated by searing,
text: ELECTRIC FLASHES in brilliant phosphorescent colors. The
text: blackness begins to rip and tear, granting us glimpses of a
dialog: nocturnal city.
text: WITH THE SOUND OF A WING FLAP, we sail through a gaping hole,
dialog: out of the electromagnetic dimension into an...
scene_heading: EXT. AERIAL VIEW OF WASHINGTON D.C. - NIGHT
dialog: We continue to fly until we pick out one particular jewel of
text: this nightscape: a stately office building. We descend
dialog: effortlessly...
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON POST (EFX)
text: ..-passing down through the roof and six empty floors.
scene_heading: INT. WASHINGTON POST NEWSROOM - NIGHT
text: On the seventh floor we hover near the ceiling, gazing down
text: on an office Christmas party. None of the celebrating workers
text: sense our presence as we snake through the labyrinth of
dialog: cubicles and glass cells, until:
text: POV DIVES INTO A PHONE LINE
text: traveling fast along the inside of the wires, erupting out of
text: the EAR-PIECE with a shrieking squall of feedback.
scene_heading: INT. WASHINGTON POST NEWSROOM - NIGHT
text: A MAN yanks the phone from his ear, wincing.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (off feedback)
dialog: What the hell was that?
text: The man is JOHN KLEIN, an up-and-coming reporter for the
dialog: Washington Post; intelligent, with East Coast good-looks.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: {into phone)
dialog: You still there? Okay, I missed that
dialog: spelling. With a ‘Y.’ Got it.
dialog: (correcting a name in his
dialog: story)
dialog: No. You're on the record. You can’t
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: scrape your career off your shoe anyway.
dialog: At least do some damage on your way out,
dialog: see your name in the paper one more
dialog: time...Okay.
text: He clicks off the line, speed proofs his story, sends it on
text: its way. He’s done, and done for the day. He pushes
text: chair and stands up, kneads his back.
text: ED FLEISCHMAN, (29), rolls out of the next cubicle:
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: John! “The Balkans Peace Council is
dialog: comprised of ten members” or “is composed
dialog: of ten members”?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Twelve members.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh. Right. Thanks.
text: Ed rolls out of sight.
text: John grabs his coat and heads past Ed’s cubicle.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: “Composed.”
text: As John walks passed, Ed rolls back out:
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What?
text: John disappears through glass doors into:
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL DESK - CONTINUOUS
dialog: back his
text: Editor CYRUS BILLS, (65), a scarecrow with a cigarette,
text: scrolls through John's piece on the computer. His eyes never
text: leave the screen.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: This will make them sweat, it’s good,
dialog: I'll lead with it...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Great, I'll see you Monday.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’ve got to go.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: You can’t - how does that look, my rising
dialog: star not showing up at the Christmas
dialog: party?
text: John smiles. This is the closest thing to a warm moment he
dialog: and Cyrus have ever had.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Mary’s waiting for me.
text: Cyrus inhales deeply on his cigarette, watching John through
text: the glass doors weave his way out of the party.
scene_heading: EXT. COLONIAL-STYLE HOUSE - MCLEAN, VIRGINIA - NIGHT
text: A nice, well-kept house in an upscale neighborhood.
scene_heading: INT. COLONIAL-STYLE HOUSE - MCLEAN, VIRGINIA - NIGHT
text: John and MARY KLEIN hang back in an empty kitchen listening
text: to the REAL ESTATE LADY.
text: Mary Klein, (31), a beautiful redhead with a quick smile and
text: an irrepressible joie de vivre.
scene_heading: REAL ESTATE LADY
dialog: ...It’s a steal at this price. We can get
dialog: it, but we’d have to make an offer today.
text: The owner’s moving fast.
text: Mary is ready to jump. John looks uncertain.
speaker_heading: REAL ESTATE LADY (cont'd)
dialog: Think it over, I'll make some calls.
text: John and Mary wander up the
speaker_heading: STAIRS
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Oh, my God...I think I love it.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I think you love it too.
text: She hits him; he laughs.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know if we can swing it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10
dialog: il
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: , 9
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Come on, let’s live dangerously.
dialog: They enter the...
scene_heading: MASTER BEDROOM. 10
text: John clicks a light switch up and down. A light blinks on and
text: off behind a door.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What’s this?
text: They open the door.
speaker_heading: A DARK CLOSET
text: Mary grabs John, suddenly excited. She kisses him. He kisses
text: her. Passionately. She pulls him into the closet, laughing.
text: John closes the door.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Come on, let’s go, right here.
text: He slides his hands under her blouse. She shrieks with
text: laughter. They fall against the wall.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: IN THE HALLWAY 121
text: CAMERA tracks towards the bedroom.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
speaker_heading: INT CLOSET 12
text: Things are getting steamy inside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: IN THE BEDROOM 13
text: CAMERA tracks quickly towards the closet door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: IN THE CLOSET 14
text: A naked light bulb switches on. John and Mary jump. A MOTH
text: bats the bulb with its wings, casting large flickering
dialog: shadows.
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
text: IN THE BEDROOM a5
text: John and Mary tumble out of the closet.
scene_heading: REAL ESTATE LADY
dialog: (blushing)
dialog: Oh, here you are.
text: John straightens his tie. Mary smooths her hair.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Just making sure there's ample closet
dialog: space.
scene_heading: REAL ESTATE LADY
dialog: Good, good. Well I’ve got good news. The
dialog: house is yours if you want it.
text: John looks at his wife.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: We want it.
scene_heading: INT. UPSCALE FRENCH RESTAURANT - NIGHT 16
text: Through the window, John and Mary clink champagne glasses.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT PARKING LOT - LATER 17
text: Long graceful tracking shot as John and Mary walk from the
text: restaurant to the Valet station. It's a moment of pure
dialog: happiness, ease, everything between them is right.
text: John hands the VALET his ticket. They bring the car. The
text: Valet hands the keys to John.
text: John tosses Mary THE KEYS and flops into the passenger seat.
text: He’s drunk. Mary climbs behind the wheel. They drive off.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN GEORGETOWN - NIGHT 18
text: Their car travels through night time Georgetown. They pass a
text: ROAD CONSTRUCTION SITE that looks like a brightly lit theater
text: set, a CLOCK TOWER that reads 1:30, and A BIRD SANCTUARY.
text: They turn onto a road overhung with trees. The street is
text: quiet and empty.
scene_heading: 19 INT. CAR - NIGHT 19
text: IN THE SILENCE OF THE CAR, Mary turns to John...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You know what I kept thinking when we
dialog: were looking at the house today?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It’s better than your sister's?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We should put a mattress in that closet?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yeah! No, I kept thinking it felt like a
dialog: dream come true.
text: Mary stops at a light. John looks at her, the red light
text: reflecting off her eyes. She’s serious.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: C'mere.
text: She leans toward him, he kisses her hard.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Can we make it home first?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Depends how fast you drive.
text: THE LIGHT changes.
text: MARY gooses the accelerator past the intersection,
dialog: suddenly...
text: A large SHAPE moves into the headlights. A BLUR, too fast to
dialog: see.
text: MARY sucks in a cry, hits the brakes, cranks the wheel. The
text: car slews sideways. Her head slams against the side window,
text: which spiderwebs.
text: JOHN flies forward. The seatbelt jerks him back. He flings
text: out an arm to protect his wife. The car jolts toa stop. He
text: sees Mary slumped forward against her seatbelt. She’s
text: unconscious.
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 19
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: -- Mary --
text: He touches her gent.y. No response, although she’s breathing.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Mary...come on...Christ...
text: He's afraid to move her. He pulls out his cell phone, dials
text: 911, hand shaking.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: There’s been an accident...
text: He climbs out of the car into...
speaker_heading: THE STREET 20
text: He goes to the front of the car, dreading what he might find.
text: But nothing’s there. He checks under the car. Nothing.
text: He stands in the street, looking left, right, forward. It’s
text: strangely empty.
text: In the background, a LOW HANGING BRANCH ten feet behind the
text: car rustles in the breeze.
text: The faint WAIL of a SIREN bleeds in.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT 21
text: John watches Mary behind a glass partition. She has been
text: readied for a scan. She’s fully conscious now, her eyes wide
dialog: and scared.
scene_heading: CAT-SCAN SCREEN
text: DR. DEBORAH McELHONE looks at the IMAGE OF MARY’S BRAIN. John
text: looks on, worried.
speaker_heading: DR. MCELHONE
dialog: We're doing the CAT-SCAN to make sure
dialog: there’s no swelling or bleeding...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CUBICLE - NIGHT 22
text: Mary is groggy, bandages on her nose. John holds her hand...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yeah, I’m okay...
text: But she’s not. She stares off, pre-occupied, remote. Finally,
text: she looks at him:
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: You didn’t see it, did you.
speaker_heading: . JOHN
dialog: See what?
text: Mary holds his gaze for a beat, then looks away.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Nothing.
text: John’s hand tightens on hers.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What did you see?
text: Mary doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: An animal?
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont’d)
dialog: What?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont’d)
dialog: There was nothing, I looked.
text: Mary turns away, her eyes tense and worried.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Honey...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: John...there’s something wrong with me.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - WAITING ROOM - LATER 23
text: John dozes in a chair. Dr. McElhone places a hand on his
text: shoulder; he snaps awake.
speaker_heading: DR. MCELHONE
dialog: Mr. Klein? We need to talk...
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL/DOCTOR'S OFFICE - NIGHT 24
text: THROUGH THE OUTSIDE WINDOW INTO DR. MCELHONE’S OFFICE ...
text: We see John and Mary sitting at Dz. McElhone’s desk, as she
text: talks to them. After a long moment John slowly puts his arm
text: around his wife.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - WAITING ROOM - NIGHT 25
text: John sees Mary’s parents, WOODROW and RUTH DUNNING, rush in
text: carrying overnight bags.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: She just went in for radiation treatment.
speaker_heading: WOODROW
dialog: Radiation? Already?
text: John's voice is shaky, everything is happening too fast.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: They have to shrink it down as much as
dialog: possible before the surgery tomorrow --
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: -- Tomorrow? My God --
speaker_heading: WOODROW
dialog: -- Okay. So they're doing surgery. So
dialog: it’s operable, right?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah. It is.
speaker_heading: WOODROW
dialog: Good. That’s good...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: -~ They're bringing in a neurosurgeon
dialog: from Johns Hopkins, he’s one of the best.
text: Suddenly, tears roll down John’s face. Woodrow awkwardly puts
text: an arm around John.
speaker_heading: WOODROW
dialog: It’s going to be fine... She’s going to
dialog: be fine...
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - MORNING 26
text: In the cold blue morning light, snowflakes fall on the bare
text: trees outside the hospital.
scene_heading: INT. RECOVERY ROOM - SEVERAL DAYS LATER - MORNING 27
text: Mary's hair is gone and her head is bandaged from surgery,
text: but she’s more awake and alert than the last time we saw her.
text: John sits with her, a yellow pad in his hand.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (reciting a list)
dialog: ..-and a snow suit for little Gary - I’ll
dialog: call Jane and Doug to check the size.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think that’s everybody.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Are you sure you can do all this? Have
dialog: the stores wrap everything for you, okay?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Would you stop? It’s fine. I can handle
dialog: this.
text: There’s a long silence. Then:
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: John... I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: About all this. I feel like I ruined
dialog: everything.
text: John looks at her; she’s talking about a lot more than just
text: Christmas. He takes her hand and smiles.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You haven’t ruined a damn thing.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. CAR - DRIVING - NIGHT 28
text: John drives home lost in thought, retracing the exact route
text: they drove on the night of the accident. He passes the
text: CONSTRUCTION SITE, the CLOCK TOWER, the BIRD SANCTUARY.
text: He drives slowly, peering out the windshield, looking for
text: something, a reflection, a tricky shadow - whatever it was
text: Mary saw that made her hit the brakes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 28
text: As he rolls toward the exact spot, he sees the LOW HANGING
text: TREE BRANCH, stops the car, gets out.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT 29
text: THICK BLACK SKID MARKS scar the street underneath the branch.
text: John tries an experiment. He gets in the car, backs up forty
text: yards, guns the accelerator. Suddenly, he slams the brakes,
text: cranks the wheel. The car slews sideways - he is pulled up
text: short by the seatbelt. His face never even gets near the
dialog: window.
text: He sits back. Tugs on the shoulder harness. It locks up. So
dialog: why didn’t it lock up for Mary?
text: He climbs out of the car, searching the street - searching
dialog: for an answer, a reason. What did she see?
text: John stands behind the BRANCH and squints his eyes: the
scene_heading: branch BLURS and TWO DISTANT RED CONSTRUCTION LIGHTS shine
text: like EYES, forming the impression of a large looming figure -
dialog: was that it?
text: John walks to the front of the car. That’s when he notices
text: something on the front bumper. Something he missed completely
dialog: the night of the accident...
text: qT it. the bumper is scorched black.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CAFETERIA - NIGHT 30
text: CAMERA tracks along a chrome counter top, past stacks of
text: plates, cups of coffee...
speaker_heading: JOHN (O.S.)
text: It’s called a Glioblastoma Multiforma.
dialog: Temporal lobe tumor. Very aggressive.
speaker_heading: ED (0.S.)
dialog: Jesus Christ...
speaker_heading: JOHN (0.S.)
dialog: According to Dr. McElhone it’s very rare.
dialog: Strikes one in 600,000. You've got a
dialog: better chance of catching the plague.
text: CAMERA comes to rest behind John and Ed sitting at the
text: counter. Now we can see their faces in A LARGE MIRROR behind
text: the pie rack. John is gray with luck of sleep. He forces out
dialog: the next words:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 30
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont’d)
dialog: The doctor says with a tumor like this,
dialog: most people never make full recoveries.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Is there anything else they can do?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: They did surgery, but couldn’t get it
dialog: all. They’1l keep giving her chemo as
dialog: long as she’s strong enough. So far it’s
dialog: working, she’s looking a lot better, her
text: spirits are high.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Did they say it’s a result of the
dialog: accident?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No, turns out...it’s been there a while.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: John, if there’s anything I can do.
text: John just shakes his head. Ed looks at his friend. For the
text: first time, John looks fragile, truly lost.
text: John stares into the middle-distance.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Three days ago we were house-hunting.
dialog: Last week I was up all night worried that
dialog: I‘d bounced the cable check. It’s like
dialog: one day, you’re driving in your car and
dialog: the universe just points at you and says,
dialog: “Ah, there you are. The happy couple.
dialog: I’ve been looking for you.”
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE 31
text: Facing John and Ed at the counter. The camera slowly pulls
text: back, through the pies, back through the mirror itself. John
text: and Ed darken as we pull back, further and further into this
text: impossible vantage point until ... they disappear.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JOHN AND MARY’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 32
text: A SQUARE OF WARM YELLOW LIGHT glows in the night - it’s the
text: window to the dining room. Christmas Eve. From outside, we
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 32
text: watch John, Ruth and Woodrow finish last minute preparations
dialog: and sit down for a meal.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN AND MARY'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 33
text: ANGLE from atop the Christmas tree. They all join hands
text: around the table.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (praying)
dialog: ...We are grateful for this meal, and so
dialog: grateful that Mary will be home with us
dialog: tomorrow, for Christmas dinner.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Amen.
text: ANGLE FROM TABLE. Ruth looks at John. He does his best to
text: smile. The look of hope on Ruth’s face is too much.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: What time are we picking her up?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: They said sometime late morning, after
dialog: her chemo. But Ruth, you know it’s just
dialog: for a few hours, if she’s strong enough.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I know...
text: They start to eat in silence.Suddenly, the PHONE RINGS...
text: They all look at each other, motionless. John moves into the
text: KITCHEN.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont’d)
dialog: Hello?
text: John has his back to Ruth and Woodrow. We watch his face.
speaker_heading: DR. MCELHONE (0.S.)
dialog: John? It's Dr. Mcelhone.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Mary had a seizure. We're trying to
dialog: relieve the pressure...
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT 34
text: We track behind John as he runs frantically ‘own long
text: corridors. Suddenly he stops: Dr. McElhone =: standing with
text: her head bowed, the answer is written on her face.
dialog: And he knows...
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - MARY'S ROOM - NIGHT 35
text: John slowly enters then pulls back a curtain, his face full
dialog: of fear .
text: Mary lies motionless on a bed.
text: John moves slowly towards her, his entire self somehow
dialog: diminished.
text: He sits at her side and grips Mary’s hand like he’1l never
text: let her go. His shoulders tremble with sharp inconsolable
text: sobs. He leans in close and presses his lips to her white
text: lifeless face; a kiss that will have to last him a lifetime.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - LATER 36
text: Snow falls. A SQUARE OF WARM YELLOW LIGHT glows in the night -
text: it’s the window to the waiting area. From outside, WE SEE:
text: Ruth, who can barely stand, holding onto John. She lets out a
text: silent wail of grief; Woodrow watches them, unable to
dialog: comprehend what has happened.
text: Their images blur as we RACK FOCUS from the window, moving
text: back through layers of FALLING SNOWFLAKES.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S HOSPITAL ROOM - MORNING 37
text: The bed is empty. John slowly packs Mary’s belongings into a
text: RED OVERNIGHT CASE. He doesn’t know how to do this. What
dialog: about the toothbrush? The lipstick? He picks up her dress,
text: smells it. His eyes close.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY (0.S.)
dialog: She knew.
text: John opens his eyes, puzzled. A middle-aged ORDERLY stands in
text: the doorway. The man smiles shyly at him.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY (CONT'D)
text: She was drawing angels.
text: John says nothing. The man moves away. But now John sees the
text: NOTEPAD next to the phone. He reaches for it.
text: John’s face darkens. It’s not an angel.
text: THE NOTEPAD: a mad scribble of a figure, its bulging eyes
text: colored red with Mary's lipstick. What is it? John flips the
text: page. There it is again, and again, page after page of Mary’s
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 37
dialog: obsessive drawings: man-lik i i
text: giant wings growing from its back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: EXT. BENCH - LAFAYETTE PARK - DAY 38
text: The trees are leafless and the ground muddy. Mittened
text: joggers, dog walkers pass in front of a partial view of the
text: White House. John is sitting on a bench with his back to us.
text: He looks as though he’s been there a long time, as though he
dialog: may sit there forever.
text: The CAMERA begins to CLOSE IN on his back. John senses
text: something. He whips around and glares straight at us. The
text: CaMERA STOPS SHORT. John sees nothing, his face relaxes.
text: He turns forward again. The CAMERA starts EASING toward him
text: again. And very faintly now comes the hint of a RUSTLE.
text: Wings. Louder.
text: John strains to hear. He slowly scans left, right. Nothing.
text: The CAMERA is right behind him now. He can’t hear anything.
text: Not even the sudden WHOOSH, the single FLAP as the CAMERA
text: LIFTS OFF behind him, rising, leaving John down below,
text: smaller, smaller, until he’s just another unremarkable human
text: dot in the park.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: TITLE SUPER: ELEVEN MONTHS LATER - FADE IN TO: 39
scene_heading: EXT. ELECTRONICS STORE - NIGHT 40
text: We are watching a BANK OF TV MONITORS through the window of
text: an electronics store. Christmas decorations light the
text: foreground.
text: On it, John Klein addresses Tim Russert on “Meet the Press”.
dialog: Under JOHN there is a super-title: John Klein Washington
dialog: Post.
text: WE MOVE IN through the windows towards the monitors and hear
dialog: John talking:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: ..-I think what we saw this year was an
dialog: apathetic electorate. Interest in the
dialog: campaign was low and voter turn-out was
dialog: the worst in forty years.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 40
speaker_heading: TIM RUSSERT
dialog: Couldn't that just be a sign of voter
dialog: satisfaction? People didn’t feel the need
dialog: for big changes.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don’t think so, Tim. I think people are
text: -- very unsatisfied with their situation.
dialog: And what made them so complacent is that
dialog: they didn’t see any viable options for
dialog: improvement. Rather than endorse the
dialog: status quo, they decided they’d rather
dialog: just stay home and be left alone.
text: As the monitors play John’s interview, MOVE INTO crackling
dialog: electric pixels and we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. WASHINGTON POST NEWSROOM - DAY 41
text: PULL BACK FROM TV SCREEN TO SEE: John’s face ~- he’s watching
text: himself on TV. Ed and other staff members look over his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: TIM RUSSERT
dialog: Is there anybody out there you think
dialog: could fill out the bottom of the ticket?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’ve been hearing a lot of talk about
dialog: Russ McCallum.
speaker_heading: TIM RUSSERT
dialog: The Governor of Virginia.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Right. He's got the environmental record
dialog: they need. If he’s going to throw his hat
text: in the ring, look for him to announce by
dialog: next week...
text: As the segment ends, the staffers applaud. John laughs and
text: takes a bow. Now we get a good look at John. He’s healthy,
text: fit - but older. That confident sparkle is gone from his
text: eyes. He wears the past year like it was ten.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Hey -- I told her to watch.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 41
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Peter’s friend, Gwen. Sk. s gonna be
dialog: there tonight.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh, hey, look, I don’t think I’m gonna be
dialog: able to make it. .
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Are you kidding me? She’s gorgeous.
dialog: Believe me, this will take, like, no
dialog: effort.
text: John moans.
speaker_heading: ED (cont'd)
dialog: Come on, you can’t keep blowing this off.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’m not blowing it off, I’m interviewing
dialog: the Governor, I’ve gotta be in Richmond
dialog: at eight.
text: Ed pulls a pink message slip from his shirt pocket, hands it
dialog: to John:
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Almost forgot. Garrett Knox called. The
dialog: interview got bumped to tomorrow night.
text: John eyes the message slip, stuck.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Ed, I don’t know...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Look: she’s not Mary, not by a mile. But
dialog: you know what? No one ever will be. You
dialog: can’t hold that against them.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I can't?
text: Ed looks at John; he's only half-joking.
scene_heading: INT. MARRAKESH RESTAURANT - NIGHT 42
text: Turkish dining. Pillows on the floor and belly dancers.
dialog: Kitsch heaven to Ed, John’s idea of hell.
text: With them: Ed’s partner PETER, (39), and GWEN, (33), pretty,
text: friendly, sophisticated.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: 42 CONTINUED: 42
text: They all eat hot, marinated chicken with their hands:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I gotta tell you, Ed, I spent three weeks
dialog: in Turkey - it was not like this.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Well, it should've been.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: Wait ‘til he starts dancing.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: (to John)
dialog: When were you there?
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: *88. Covering the earthquake.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: I just missed you. I was there in ‘89.
dialog: Peace Corps.
text: John looks at her, intrigued.
text: A belly dancer rotates toward them, beckons Ed to join her.
text: Ed downs his Ouzo and struggles to his feet:
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: My whole life has been leading to this
dialog: moment .
text: Ed pulls Peter with him onto the dance floor. John smiles at
dialog: Gwen.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So you were in Istanbul?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: No, it was this tiny village - you can't
dialog: even believe there are still places on
dialog: earth like it. These families raise
dialog: mountain goats - well, the men do - and
text: then the woman use the hair to make the
dialog: most beautiful blankets...
text: John smiles.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Ambarat.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Yes! Have you been there?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 42
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It’s one of my three secret places.
text: Gwen smiles at him, charmed.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Places I know I could go and be happy the
dialog: rest of my life if I ever had to leave
dialog: Washington for good...
text: His voice trails off. A woman with RED HAIR steps out onto
dialog: the patio.
text: John's eyes take on a DISTANT LOOK - Mary is always with him.
text: Gwen watches John, waiting for him to continue.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: So - where are the other two?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Other what?
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Places you could be happy.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: They’re secret! I'll tell you this: the
dialog: second one is very cold and you have to
dialog: speak Portuguese.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: And the third?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I haven’t found it yet.
scene_heading: EXT. MARRAKESH RESTAURANT - NIGHT 43
text: John and Gwen walk from the restaurant to the Valet station.
text: A long graceful tracking shot reminds us of John’s last happy
text: evening with Mary. But tonight he’s with Gwen. They hand
text: their tickets to the valet.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well. It was nice meeting you.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Tierra del Fuego.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 43
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Your second place. Am I right?
text: John looks at her: dark hair and eyes, smooth white skin,
text: warm smile. Beautiful, smart, charming, funny...
speaker_heading: GWEN (CONT'D)
dialog: If you can stand another cup of coffee...
dialog: I‘m just a few blocks away.
text: ...Available. This woman is flawless. So why does John feel
dialog: absolutely nothing?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That sounds great. But...
text: John’s voice trails off.
text: An awkward silence. The Valet arrives with Gwen's car. She
text: looks at him expectantly:
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, I’ve got an early morning, so...
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Okay. Anyway, I really liked talking to
dialog: you. Call me, okay?
text: John nods absently. Gwen looks at him, his thoughts are miles
text: away. She gets into her car and drives off.
text: Ed and Peter come outside and find John alone, staring
text: intently down the street:
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Where'd she go?
text: John mutters.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don’t know.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN’S APARTMENT - BEDROOM CLOSET - NIGHT 44
text: A moth eats through a sweater in the dark. The closet door
text: swings open. John’s hand reaches in, pulls a chain. A naked
text: bulb burns white. John looks restless, irritated. He yanks an
text: empty suitcase from the top shelf, sending clothes and books
text: cascading to the floor. As he gathers them up, he’s pulled up
text: short by the sight of Mary’s RED OVERNIGHT CASE. It sits in
text: the corner where he left it almost a year ago.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 44
text: He bends to his knees, moves his hand to the lock, hesitates,
dialog: afraid to unlock the past.
text: Finally, he lifts the 1: And there, staring up at him is a
text: reminder of all that he has lost. His hand touches her scarf,
text: lipstick, a brush still twined with her red hair...
text: John closes the case, slides it back into the corner. He
text: grabs his suitcase, throws it on the bed, jamming in clothes.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON D.C. STREETS - NIGHT 45
text: John drives quickly through empty streets, crosses the
dialog: fourteenth street bridge.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN’S CAR - CONTINUOUS “45
text: John is driving through the outskirts of Northern Virginia.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: {into cell phone)
dialog: Hey, Ed. You were right. Gwen was very
dialog: nice. If you talk to her, tell her, uh...
dialog: I don’t know. Anyway, it’s about one
dialog: o'clock. I’m kind of wired, so I’m
dialog: heading down to Richmond tonight, talk to
dialog: you later.
scene_heading: EXT. JOHN'S CAR - HIGHWAY - NIGHT 47
text: John is speeding down the interstate. Traffic is thin. He
dialog: passes under
text: THE LIGHTED SIGN FOR RICHMOND.
text: His car drives on into the night.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN’S CAR - LATER 48
text: John squints, trying to stay focused on the road as he drops
text: down a crest into a FOG BANK. He flexes his brakes.
dialog: Suddenly...
text: BLINK: Red lights flash across the dashboard. The car stalls.
scene_heading: EXT. JOHN’S CAR - MOMENTS LATER 49
text: The car drifts out of the fog onto the shoulder and comes to
dialog: a stop.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. JOHN'S CAR - CONTINUOUS 50
text: John tries to restart the engine.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 50
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Come on, come on, come on...
text: He looks around. A dark, empty road. It doesn’t feel right.
text: He glances in his mirror.
text: HIS POV: Nothing behind him. Not another pair of headlights.
dialog: Not even the interstate.
text: John turns the key again. Silence. Not so much as the whine
text: of the starter. He switches on the headlights. Nothing. He
text: punches up the radio: dead. So is the car phone. John smacks
text: his palms on the wheel. He takes out his cell phone. It
text: beeps, shuts down. Drained.
text: He looks at his watch: 2:20 AM.
text: THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD
text: Distant lightning flickers hypnotically. It seems to be
text: moving from the ground up to the sky.
text: JOHN, mystified, gets out of his car.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - NIGHT 51
text: It‘s a cold night, and he tucks his hands under his arms. He
dialog: should put on his coat.
text: THE LIGHTNING flickers violently, a few miles away. But where
text: is the thunder? It’s silent, eerily silent, so quiet John can
text: hear his heart beating.
text: Abruptly the lightning is extinguished. No stars. No moon. No
text: light at all.
text: JOHN feels a surge of anxiety. He’s alone at night in the
text: middle of nowhere.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (low whisper)
dialog: ..-Okay. Okay.
text: John shrugs on his overcoat and locks the car. He looks up
text: and down the road. Nothing. He walks in darkness.
text: Now he hears a strange low rumble. What the hell is that? The
text: sound vibrates the road below his feet.
text: Finally, he catches sight of a porch light on a distant
text: farmhouse. Turning up his collar and plunging his hands in
text: his pockets, John heads toward it at a fast clip.
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE - NIGHT 52
text: John bownrds onto the porch. The house is dark, except for a
text: single : 1b. No use putting it off: He knocks on the door.
text: Waits. Waits.
text: A MAN opens the door. John smiles:
speaker_heading: _ JOHN
dialog: Hi. My car broke down just up the road.
dialog: May I use your phone?
text: The Man stares at him, transfixed.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: t's him.
text: This response makes no sense to John. A WOMAN steps into view
text: from the shadows behind the door; she peers nervously at Jonn
text: as the Man raises a gun:
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I've been waiting for you, you son of a
dialog: bitch.
text: The Man grabs John by his lapels and hauls him inside. The
text: door shuts hard.
scene_heading: INT. GORDON SMALLWOOD’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - NIGHT 53
text: The Man, GORDON SMALLWOOD, (43), holds his gun on...
text: JOHN, who stands dressed in his overcoat in the Smallwood’s
text: mildewy, pink shower stall. Gordon is sitting on the tank of
text: the toilet, his feet on the closed lid. He keeps the gun
text: steady with his elbows on his knees.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look, I don’t -
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Shut up.
text: John shuts up. The two men watch each other, hearing the
text: tread of approaching footsteps.
text: The Woman - Gordon’s wife DENISE SMALLWOOD, (28) enters.
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: Honey, Connie’s here.
text: John straightens slightly as
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 53
text: A WOMAN enters, wearing a sheriff's deputy uniform under her
text: unzipped parka.
text: She is SGT. CONNIE PARKER, (32) - blond, with keen blue eyes
text: and an honest face. She calmly assesses the scene:
text: John is enormously relieved.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Okay Gordy, why don’t you put away the
dialog: gun and tell me what’s going on.
text: Gordon keeps the gun trained on John. Connie places her hand
text: on the barrel and points it to the floor.
speaker_heading: GORDON
text: This is the third night in a row he's
dialog: come around, this sonofabitch is stalking
dialog: - us -
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: - Look, my car broke down up the road,
dialog: my name is John Klein and I -
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: - Let’s let Gordy finish, Mr. Klein.
text: Gordon speaks with a disturbing edge of fear in his voice:
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Two nights ago, at 2:30, there’s this
text: bang on the door. I get up, and here's
dialog: this guy, says he wants to use the phone.
dialog: But there’s something creepy about him,
dialog: right? So I tell him to get lost. No big
dialog: deal. But last night, at 2:30 on the dot,
dialog: guess who’s back?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You’re sure it was Mr. Klein here?
text: Gordon stares straight into John’s eyes:
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Absolutely positive.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: This is crazy.
dialog: Gordon has good ears.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: (2) 53
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: I am not crazy.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I didn’t say -
text: Connie holds up a hand:
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (to Gordon)
dialog: So then what?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: So last night I warned him off my
dialog: property. I used the word “trespass,”
text: Connie. And he still came back.
dialog: (to John)
dialog: I had the right to shoot you on my porch.
dialog: You’re lucky I’m a Christian.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: He'd have actually had to be inside the
dialog: house, Gordon.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Fine. So tonight I figured maybe the dumb
dialog: fuck -~-
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: Gordon.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: -- might come back again, and sure
dialog: enough, here he is!
text: John turns to Sgt. Parker, taking pains to demonstrate that
text: he is the sanest person in the room.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Officer, there must be some mistake. I’ve
dialog: never been here before in my life, I’ve
dialog: never seen these people, I live in D.C.
dialog: Check my wallet.
text: Connie calmly reaches into John’s pocket. She pulls out his
text: wallet, flips it open, spots his press pass. Her eyes jump to
text: his face.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: The Washington Post.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 53
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Do I have to keep standing in the shower?
scene_heading: INT/EXT. GORDON’S FRONT DOOR - LATER 54
text: John follows Connie to the door, not sure whether to be
text: relieved or worried.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You can wait for me outside, Mr. Klein.
text: John heads through the door without a word. Nothing makes any
dialog: sense to him.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Gordon)
dialog: We’ll run a check on him. Anyone else
dialog: comes by, forget the gun, okay? Just call
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Find out what he wants.
text: Connie squeezes Gordon’s shoulder. He goes to the doorway and
text: watches JOHN standing beside Parker’s Patrol car.
text: Connie turns to Denise. She pantomimes tipping a bottle to
dialog: her lips: has Gordon been drinking?
text: Denise shakes her head no.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: So you didn’t actually see the guy
dialog: yourself, did you? Before tonight?
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: No. But I heard the knocks, three nights
text: in a row.
scene_heading: EXT. GORDON’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 55
text: John sees them all step onto the porch. Then, in spite of the
text: odd circumstances, he watches as Connie, Gordon and Denise do
dialog: a distinctly small-town thing: They all say a friendly good
text: night to each other. Hug.
text: Then, as Connie walks towards John, Gordon shouts:
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: You don’t scare me!
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: INT. PATROL CAR - NIGHT 56
text: John sits next to Connie in the front seat. Connie pulls out
text: onto the empty road.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I’m giving you a ride to town. Unless you
dialog: want to sleep in your car. I can call a
dialog: tow for the morning.
text: They pull up behind John‘s car.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You probably want to get your bag?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You probably brought a bag.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh -
text: He steps out of the cruiser.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT 57
text: John crosses the road, opens his trunk, takes out his
text: weekender. He sees Connie on the two-way. He passes through
text: her headlights, climbs back in the Prowler.
scene_heading: INT. PROWLER - NIGHT 58
text: He's inside the car in time to HEAR the DISPATCHER over the
dialog: two-way.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER’S VOICE
dialog: -- man’s clean as Clorox, if you believe
dialog: the computer.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Copy. Thanks, Avis.
text: She clicks off, gives John a little shrug, shifts into drive.
text: Connie puts it as plainly as she can:
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re a long way from D.C. What are you
dialog: doing here?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 58
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Driving through.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: We’re not on the way anyplace, Mr. Klein.
text: John is silent - he can’t explain how he got here. He stares
text: out the window. They’re passing through dark, quiet little
text: Point Pleasant. Population 6,000.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (cont’d)
dialog: Relax. I recognize you.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: “Meet the Press.”
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You saw that?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: We're not all bumpkins.
text: Connie steers into the parking lot of a chain motel.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So I’m not under arrest?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Well, you didn’t steal anything, you
dialog: didn’t hurt anyone, there’s no breaking
dialog: and entering...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You had trouble with them before?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Gordy and Denise? Naw. They're good
dialog: people, but...
text: She hesitates, she knows she shouldn’t say this:
speaker_heading: CONNIE (cont'd)
dialog: Things have been a little strange around
dialog: here lately.
text: She leans across him to open the door, but mostly to smell
text: his breath.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I guarantee I’m sober.
text: He climbs out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 58
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You still haven't told me what you’re
text: doing here. In the middle of the night.
text: John hefts his bag.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: When I find out, I'll let you know.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Where am I, anyway?
text: Connie points to a sign: WELCOME TO POINT PLEASANT.
text: She watches him walk into the motel.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL - NIGHT 59
text: The sleepy, cranky NIGHT MANAGER runs John’s charge. John
text: concentrates on the road map stretched out under the glass of
text: the check-in counter.
text: His finger traces Washington to Richmond, a straight shot of
text: interstate, not more than 120 miles.
text: THE NIGHT MANAGER returns with John’s credit card.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You think you could show me where we are
dialog: on the map?
speaker_heading: NIGHT MANAGER
dialog: We’re right on the state line.
text: John traces to the Virginia/West Virginia border. The night
text: manager snorts with disgust. Tourists. Spare him.
speaker_heading: NIGHT MANAGER
dialog: With Ohio.
text: He stabs a spot 400 miles away from John’s finger. Point
text: Pleasant is on the Ohio River.
text: John's finger hesitantly tracks the tiny spidery lines from
dialog: Richmond to Point Pleasant. There’s not even a primary road
text: between them. The room key clinks down on the glass.
text: JOHN keeps staring at the map. It’s not possible.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL - LATE 60
text: As John walks from the office to his room, we spot the
text: Prowler parked across the street: Connie is making notes
text: under the interior light.
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN’S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 61
text: The room is dark. John jerks awake, disoriented. He was
text: asleep in his clothes on top of the bedspread, which he has
text: cocooned around himself. He doesn’t know where he is for a
text: moment. Then he HEARS it. Faint BREATHING, someone BREATHING,
text: something BREATHING.
text: He reaches for the bedside lamp and switches it on. The
text: breathing stops. Silent now. Just a dull, empty, standard
text: issue motel room. John swings his legs off the bed and leans
text: forward on his knees. Bad dreams. He stands up. His cell
text: phone is recharging on the chair. He heads for the bathroom
dialog: for a glass of water.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS 62
text: John turns on the tap, splashes water on his face, looks up,
text: studies his reflection.
text: ANGLE FROM BEHIND THE MIRROR. WE PULL BACK: John’s image is
text: framed by the mirror. The sound of the running tap fades as
text: his image recedes, then disappears.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: EXT. OTTO’S CAR REPAIR - POINT PLEASANT - AFTERNOON 63
text: John is on his cell phone. In the background, OTTO’S head is
text: buried under the hood of John’s car.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: {into phone)
dialog: ..Look - even if I was doing eighty the
dialog: whole way it would have taken six hours
dialog: to get here...
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH ED FLEISCHMAN AT HOME: 64
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What time did you leave D.C?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: One o'clock. Besides, my gas tank doesn’t
dialog: even get four hundred miles. It’s one
dialog: thing to zone out while you're driving,
dialog: but to stop for gas too?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: John, I’m sure there's a logical
dialog: explanation for all this. Don’t worry
dialog: about your pal the Governor, I'll cover
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 64
text: John sees Otto slam the hood on his car.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Thanks, Ed. Uh, listen, I got to go.
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: She's running fine, Mr. Klein, I can't
dialog: find a damn thing wrong with her.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How much do I owe you?
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Nothing. I said I couldn't find anything
dialog: wrong.
dialog: This town just keeps getting weirder and weirder...
text: John spots Gordon Smallwood and ANOTHER MAN loading produce
text: onto a truck across the street.
text: John tosses his weekender into the back seat and walks
text: quickly towards Gordon.
text: Gordon eyes John warily, arms folded across his chest.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (smoothly)
dialog: Mr. Smallwood, will you accept my
dialog: apology? I’m afraid I might have been a
dialog: little rude last night.
text: Gordon nods stoically.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: Listen, you're sure it was me who came by
dialog: those last two nights, huh?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Look, mister, Connie called me this
dialog: morning, says you check out, and that’s
dialog: good enough for me. I'm perfectly willing
dialog: to let it go. But I don’t drink anymore
dialog: and I don’t lie and as far as I know, I’m
dialog: not crazy, so if you’re accusing me -
text: John pulls Gordon aside.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: -- No, no, not at all.
dialog: (confidentially)
dialog: Here's the thing: I don’t know how I
dialog: ended up here last night. I didn’t even
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 64
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: know I was in West Virginia. Somehow,
dialog: between one and two-thirty last night I
dialog: travelled four hundred miles, ended up on
dialog: that road, and I have no memory of it
dialog: whatsoever.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: You shittin’ me?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No, I wish I was.
text: Long awkward silence. John shakes Gordon’s hand goodbye and
text: walks back to his car.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S CAR - CONTINUOUS 65
text: John pulls onto the road. As he circles past Gordon, their
text: EYES LOCK for a moment.
scene_heading: EXT. JOHN‘’S CAR - HIGHWAY - DUSK 66
text: John leaves town the way he came in. He passes a sign
dialog: reading: “Point Pleasant City Limits”
scene_heading: EXT. GORDON SMALLWOOD’S HOUSE - NIGHT 67
text: The distant farmhouse is dark except for a single bulb
text: lighting the porch. No one is visible inside.
text: A MAN'S ARM RISES INTO THE FRAME
text: His watch reads 2:15 a.m.
text: WE PULL BACK AND SEE: John’s face reflected in his car’s rear
text: view mirror. He’s staking out Gordon’s farmhouse from the the
text: woods across the road.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - CONTINUOUS 68
text: The high grass bends as SOMETHING moves menacingly towards
text: the back of John’s car.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. JOHN'S CAR - CONTINUOUS 69
text: John cocks his ear. A rustling sound. Something is coming
text: towards him, slowly, steadily. He scans around, it’s dark,
text: too dark to see.
text: An SUV rolls quietly up beside him, headlights off.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I was afraid I’d see you here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: ve Ont +g
speaker_heading: - FT tg
dialog: oa * erm “Une cone
dialog: Now
speaker_heading: —
dialog: ay
dialog: 
dialog: 70
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 70
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Just your odd reports, folks seeing
dialog: things they can’t explain. So they all
dialog: come to me.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I've had a few odd moments of my own
dialog: since last night. If there’s other people
dialog: in town feeling as confused as I am right
dialog: now, I'd sure like to know.
text: There’s something in his voice or his face or maybe both...
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Okay. In the last few months people have
dialog: come up to me and reported seeing strange
dialog: things... And I'm not talking about the
dialog: town speed-freak, I‘m talking about
dialog: honest, hard-working, church-going folks.
dialog: I’ve known these people their whole
dialog: lives, and they seem downright
text: embarrassed to be bringing it up.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Bringing what up?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: It’s hard to explain.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Try me.
speaker_heading: SMASHCUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. /EXT. POLICE STATION - NIGHT 71
text: Rows of florescent lights pop on, one after another. Connie
text: locks the glass front doors behind her and John.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A STACK OF REPORTS (LATER) 72
text: spread across a desk. Photos, eyewitness reports, maps, phone
dialog: records...
speaker_heading: CONNIE
text: Weird lights, strange phone calls,
dialog: ghosts, you. You name it.
text: John flips through the reports.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 72
speaker_heading: CONNIE (cont’d)
dialog: Seeing a UFO is one thing. It’s almost a
dialog: status symbol nowadays. But what do you
dialog: do when someone walks in and tells you
dialog: this showed up in their backyard?
text: She tosses a sketch across the desk. John picks it up.
text: And almost passes out. It’s a drawing, of a man, with huge bug-
speaker_heading: FLASHCUT TO:
speaker_heading: JOHN'S MEMORY: 73
text: A yellow pad with Mary’s identical sketch.
speaker_heading: FLASHCUT TO:
scene_heading: ACCIDENT SITE IN D.C. 74
text: THE LOW HANGING BRANCH with red lights for EYES flies rapidly
dialog: towards us.
text: Mary's drawing and the branch superimpose, and for a split
text: second, John sees it: Mothman.
scene_heading: BACK AT THE POLICE STATION: 75
text: John’s face is white.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Who saw this?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
text: A couple of people.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I want to meet them. I need to talk to
dialog: them. Can you help me?
text: Connie looks into his eyes: He's dead serious.
scene_heading: EXT. LUCY GRIFFIN'’S HOUSE - DAY 76
text: John waits in the patrol car while...
text: ON THE PORCH: Connie talks to LUCY GRIFFIN, (53), a tough,
text: chubby woman with bright red cheeks. After a moment, Connie
text: looks back at John and nods.
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: INT. LUCY GRIFFIN’S KITCHEN - LATER 77
text: John and Connie drink coffee at the kitchen table with Lucy
text: and her son NAT GRIFFIN, (24), a slacker living at home with
dialog: his mom.
speaker_heading: NAT
dialog: It’s been going on about a month, every
text: Wednesday night at the poison plant.
text: John looks a question at Connie: “Poison plant?”
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: The hills around the Alanco chemical
dialog: factory. It’s a make-out spot.
speaker_heading: NAT
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Used to be. Now we just watch the lights.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What lights?
speaker_heading: NAT
dialog: I don’t know, man, just these weird
text: lights zipping around in the sky.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What do you think they are? How would you
dialog: describe them?
speaker_heading: NAT
dialog: Nobody knows, dude, the sky's just
dialog: totally freaking out.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Only Wednesdays?
speaker_heading: NAT
text: That's when they seem to show up.
text: Lucy refills their coffee cups. Connie takes out the bird-man
dialog: sketch:
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Lucy, would you mind telling Mr. Klein
dialog: about the time you saw this?
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD 78
text: They all stand near a blue pine tree that towers over the
dialog: yard and house:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: 719
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 37.
dialog: 78
dialog: Lucy
text: It was right here. There was only a foot
dialog: or so between its head 4 that branch so
dialog: t’ st makes it, what, e. -t feet tall? I
dialog: was doing dishes and I just happened to
text: look out the kitchen window.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - NIGHT - FLASHBACK - MOTHMAN’S POV 79
text: We descend into the back yard, landing under the blue pine
text: tree. We watch Lucy through the kitchen window. She stares
text: back at.us, mesmerized.
speaker_heading: LUCY (V.0O.)
dialog: At first, all I could see were these two
text: red eyes. I kept on looking at it, I
dialog: couldn't stop. I’ve never had that
text: feeling before, like I couldn’t move. The
dialog: only way I can explain is that the whole
dialog: thing just wasn’t right. I know that may
dialog: not make sense, but that’s the only way I
dialog: can put it into words.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE (PRESENT TIME - LUCY'S BACKYARD) 80
text: CAMERA rises, peering down at Lucy, John, Connie and Nat:
dialog: Lucy (cont‘d)
dialog: Then, I guess it saw me too, ‘cause all
dialog: of a sudden these giant wings just flared
text: out and it took off.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Nat)
dialog: Did you see it too?...
text: Nat shakes his head no.
text: John’s eyes fix on something. He walks over to the tree,
text: reaches out his hand, touches it. He runs his fingers along
text: the tree bark - a large section is scorched black.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Mrs. Griffin, I don’t mean to pry,
dialog: but...Have you had any headaches or
dialog: blackouts or anything like that recently?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You think maybe I have a brain tumor?
text: John’s jaw almost hits the ground. Connie explains:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: 80 CONTINUED: 80
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Lucy’s a radiologist out at St. Joseph’s
dialog: Hospital.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: No symptoms yet, Mr. Klein. But it was
dialog: sweet of you to ask.
scene_heading: 81 INT. FIRE STATION 51 - LATE AFTERNOON 81
text: FIRE CHIEF JOSH JESSUP, (55), a stout bulldog of a man sits
text: with John and Connie in the fire station while, in the
text: background, his men scrub the fire truck.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I guess they started about two months
dialog: ago, the strange phone calls. All hours.
text: The first one was just a loud beeping
text: - noise. Now it’s mostly creaking, howling
text: sounds - and once, it was a man talking
dialog: really fast in some foreign language.
dialog: Maybe Swedish or something like that.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Have you had the line checked?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I even had our number changed. But before
dialog: I got a chance to give it out to anyone
dialog: the calls started again.
text: John glances at Connie: is she buying this?
scene_heading: 82 INT. PATROL CAR - DUSK 82
text: John sits beside Connie, reading through her reports.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So - do you think Lucy and Josh really
dialog: experienced anything?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Like I said, they’re honest people.
text: John stares out the window: low blue hills roll out in all
text: directions, lit by brilliant winter light.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How long have you lived here?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 82
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: My whole life. Grew up just over those
dialog: hills.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: A farm?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Shucks no. A real live house. Indoor
dialog: plumbing and everything.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: We even had shoes for church and
dialog: schoolin’ and such.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Alright, alright.
text: Connie glances over: this is the first time he’s smiled since
text: they met. He looks five years younger - a whole different
dialog: person.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK ROAD - NIGHT 83
text: The Prowler’s headlights illuminate a rusted chain with a
scene_heading: sign: “ROAD CLOSED - NO TRESPASSING”
text: Connie climbs out, pulls the chain aside, drives through.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED DIRT ROAD - LATER 84
text: Connie points a flashlight as John and two teenagers,
text: C.J.(17) and HOLLY(14), walk up the crest of a small hill.
text: One of C.J.'s eyes is slightly puffy with a blotch of red.
dialog: C.J.
dialog: We were parked up here and sort of making
text: out in the back seat...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - EXT. DESERTED DIRT ROAD - NIGHT 85
text: It’s a starlit, moonless night. C.J. and Holly are naked from
text: head to toe, humping wildly in the back seat of his white
text: Chevy Impala.
text: From beneath their heavy panting, a low electronic hum
text: rumbles. Flesh gropes. The rumble slowly rises. Suddenly,
text: A SEARING RED LIGHT
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 85
text: from fifty yards away floods the back seat.
text: C.d.'s head pops up to look through the rear window. The
text: light blinds him, he covers his eyes.
speaker_heading: C.J. (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, shit, it’s the cops!
text: But it’s not a police car, it’s a massive WALL OF SCORCHING
text: RED LIGHT hovering over the back window.
text: CJ and Holly stare up, terrified.
text: Holly tries to shield her face with her HANDS and BLOUSE.
text: That’s when she sees the Mothman: her hands form trembling
text: wings, red light pours through button holes forming two
text: demonic eyes.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Oh my god! Oh my god!
text: Holly lets out a blood curdling scream.
text: Suddenly, A LOUD WHOOSH. The light ascends into the night
dialog: sky.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE (EXT. DESERTED DIRT ROAD - NIGHT) 86
text: Holly is shaking. C.J. holds her close.
dialog: C.J.
dialog: - The next thing we know, it’s gone.
dialog: Just like that. We got the hell out of
dialog: there. Next day, both my eyes nearly
text: swelled shut.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What did the doctor say?
dialog: C.d.
dialog: He couldn't explain it.
dialog: (pointing at his eye)
dialog: This one never healed.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How long ago was this?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: About two months.
text: They stand in the circle of Connie’s flashlight. All we hear
text: is the sound of four people breathing. Connie leans in close
dialog: to Holly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: 86 CONTINUED: 86
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Holly, I want you to show Mr. Klein what
dialog: you showed me.
text: Holly turns to C.J. He looks away. Blushing, she starts to
text: unbutton her blouse. She turns around as she slips it off her
text: shoulder. Connie brings up her flashlight. On Holly's back, a
text: PAINFULLY SCORCHED PATCH OF BURNED RED SKIN.
text: John steps closer to see it.
dialog: Connie looks at John - do you have enough proof now?
scene_heading: 87 EXT. JOHN'S MOTEL - NIGHT 87
text: Neon lights, dead tree branches, phone wires. We hear John’s
dialog: voice...
scene_heading: 88 INT. JOHN’S MOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS 88
text: John’s laptop is open as he talks to a clipping service:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: ..-I'm going to need everything you can
dialog: find concerning unexplained events in
dialog: West Virginia ...weird lights, sightings,
dialog: yeah, yeah, that kind of research. Go
dialog: back about ten years, make it twenty. You
dialog: have my e-mail -- Okay? Thanks.
text: John hangs up and the cell phone immediately rings.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: Hello?
text: 89 INTERCUT WITH ED AT THE WASHINGTON POST: 89
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Where the hell are you?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’m still here.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: West Virginia?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, well, something's come up.
text: John opens his day-runner and removes...A WEATHERED OLD
text: POLAROID: John and Mary on the beach in Hawaii. Their
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 89
text: honeymoon. Both young, both smiling; blessedly ignorant of
text: the future and happy for all time in that one split-second of
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You're kidding, something of national
dialog: interest in West Virginia?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No... scientific. I’ll tell you about it
dialog: later..
speaker_heading: ED
text: Cy is beginning to look rabid.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well, keep him at bay.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: By the way, I aced your buddy, the
dialog: Governor -- but don’t worry, he still
dialog: loves you.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (preoccupied)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You okay? You sound stressed.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm fine, Ed. I’11 call you.
text: John hangs up, places the picture in the mirror frame over
text: the desk where he can always see it.
scene_heading: EXT. CONNIE PARKER'S HOUSE - NIGHT 90
text: John stands on the front porch in the light of a single bulb.
text: He rings the doorbell.
text: A YOUNG BOY opens the door. It’s KEVIN PARKER, (7), Connie’s
text: son. He looks straight into John’s eyes like he’s known him
dialog: forever.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You’re John Klein.
text: For a moment, John is speechless. Kevin then turns and shouts
dialog: into the house:
speaker_heading: KEVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Mom, it’s that guy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 91
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 90
text: We hear Connie shout back from the kitchen:
speaker_heading: wIE (0.S.)
dialog: Well intro; .: yourself and invite him
dialog: in.
text: Kevin sticks out his hand:
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I’m Kevin Parker.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (shakes his hand)
dialog: Glad to meet you Kevin.
scene_heading: INT. CONNIE’S KITCHEN TABLE - NIGHT 91
text: John and Connie have finished their meal. Kevin plays in the
dialog: next room.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Connie, I want to thank you for helping
dialog: me out today. You put yourself on the
dialog: line for me. I appreciate it.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I’m not going to end up reading about all
dialog: this in the Washington Post, am I?
dialog: This is not exactly the kind of thing we
dialog: want to be known for.
text: John looks up; she’s smiling, but she’s also dead serious.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No. Believe me. It’s not the kind of
dialog: story we usually cover.
text: They laugh together. Then, a beat of silence.
text: John pours the last of a beer -- half into her glass, half
dialog: into his.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont’d)
dialog: Say, do you have a video camera?
text: She gives him a curious look: is this some kind of kinky come
dialog: on?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Yes. Why?
dialog: 92
dialog: 44.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP PATH - NIGHT 92
text: A cold, clear night. John and Connie follow Kevin up a wooded
text: path. Connie’s camcorder hangs from John’s neck.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: ..-he lives up near Pittsburgh, does some
text: contracting. Kevin sees him a couple
dialog: times a year.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Kevin must miss him.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Yeah, he does.
text: Kevin leads the way, just a few steps ahead of them. Connie
text: does her best to make this next sound nonchalant:
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: And you? Probably dating some pretty
dialog: young congressional aide?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Not exactly.
dialog: (a deep breath, then:)
dialog: I was married...and uh...
text: John searches for the right words. Kevin turns and stops.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: ..-My wife died about a year ago.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (solemn)
dialog: How did she die?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: She got really sick, Kevin. It was pretty
dialog: unexpected.
text: Kevin nods, understanding.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Kevin turns his head towards the hilltop, points his
text: flashlight. People are gathered there.
dialog: 93
dialog: 4s.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP CLEARING -- NTGHT 93
text: John and Connie follow Ke: 1 to the summit that overlooks the
text: vast acreage of the Alancc hemical plant.
text: ABOUT TWENTY PEOPLE: Kids, parents, teenagers, a few senior
text: citizens mill about amiably. Somewhere, a car radio plays.
text: There are no fires and no lights. John, Connie and Kevin
text: wander among them.
text: John sees Gordon Smallwood sitting alone on the hood of his
text: truck. They nod hello.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, look who’s here...
text: John turns. In the dark, it takes him a minute to recognize
text: Nat Griffin and his mother, Lucy.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (shivering excitedly)
dialog: Getting cold, here, want some coffee?
text: She hands John and Connie Styrofoam cups.
speaker_heading: NAT
dialog: In a week or so we'll have to watch from
dialog: our cars.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Is it like this every Wednesday?
speaker_heading: NAT
dialog: Naw, this is the most people so far.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Where'd Kevin go?
speaker_heading: LUCY
text: He’s over there.
text: John and Connie wander off to the edge, looking out over the
text: chemical plant. They watch Kevin playing nearby.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Do you feel like talking about what
dialog: happened to your wife?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Mary died last year on Christmas Eve. She
dialog: had a brain tumor. We didn’t know, but
dialog: there was a car accident one night and
text: they gave her an x-ray and found it. The
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 93
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: night we had the accident she saw
text: something, and she drew a picture of it.
text: It was a giant bird-man with wings and
text: red eyes.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Oh my God.
text: John turns to her and looks into her eyes:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'd pretty much forgotten that part of
dialog: things until you showed me that sketch...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: THE HILLTOP - AN HOUR LATER 94
text: The group has dwindled to to about ten people. John and
text: Connie sit on a blanket. Kevin is asleep at her side.
text: Nat Griffin points his VIDEO CAMERA to the sky, just above
dialog: the horizon:
speaker_heading: NAT
dialog: Look, there they are!
text: Suddenly, excitement ripples through the remaining
text: spectators. John and Connie stand up. The camcorder lies
text: forgotten at John’s feet.
text: RED AND BLUE PINPOINTS OF LIGHT hover in the sky. Big deal.
dialog: It could be an airplane....
text: THE LIGHTS collapse in on each other and plummet straight
text: down into the river, disappearing at the horizon where the
text: water meets the sky.
text: More pairs of lights appear. Now some of them spin around
text: each other, and the after image looks like a DNA spiral
text: falling to the earth.
text: John watches spellbound as the flickering lights spin and
text: fall. The effect is hypnotic, eerie, dizzying,
text: disorienting...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: My God.
text: WIDE SHOT: John and Connie face the camera. In the
text: background, several other spectators look on.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: 94 CONTINUED: 94
speaker_heading: SPECTATOR #1
dialog: I_don't see it, I don’t see it, where is
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SPECTATOR #2
text: Right there, gold and purple lights.
text: John squints.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: {whispering to Connie)
dialog: Do you see it?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Yeah, I see something.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What do you see?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I see spinning...
text: John unconsciously takes her hand...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Me too. What colors?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
text: Blue and red.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How many lights?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Thirty, maybe more.
text: John and Connie stare up at the lights like kids at a magic
text: show. Then John realizes that he’s holding her hand. They
text: glance at each other and John lets go, embarrassed. John’s
text: eyes shift down to...
text: the red and blue lights reflecting off the water. But for
text: a moment, it almost seems as if the lights are coming from
text: the water -- and shining into the sky.
text: John steals a glance back at Connie -- she’s still looking at
text: him. And smiling.
scene_heading: 95 INT. BOOKSTORE - DAY 95
text: John steps up to the checkout counter. In his hands, a a
text: HINGS UNSEEN; A Rationale for Unexplained Phenomena”
dialog: Albert Leek.
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: EXT. ELECTRONICS STORE - DAY 96
text: Through a window decorated with Christmas lights, we see a
text: bank of TV MONITORS -- similar to the storefront we saw
dialog: earlier when John was on CNN.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE STORE: 97
text: John is shopping for an answering machine.
text: Suddenly, a hand lands on John’s shoulder. It’s Gordon
text: Smallwood -- and he looks scared:
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Mr. Klein -- I gotta talk to you...
text: John backs up, wary of the fear in Gordon's face.
speaker_heading: GORDON (CONT'D)
dialog: (Confidential)
dialog: Last night I woke up with the worst
dialog: headache I’ve ever had in my life...So I
dialog: go to the bathroom to get some aspirin,
dialog: and I happen to look in the mirror -- and
dialog: I swear to God, I see something I can’t
dialog: describe -- but sure as hell know it’s
dialog: not my reflection.
text: John looks worried.
speaker_heading: GORDON (CONT‘D)
dialog: Then it goes away. I can’t explain it,
dialog: but I just keep staring, telling this
dialog: thing...to show up again. But all I see
dialog: is me.
text: Gordon looks around nervously, making sure no one else can
dialog: hear this.
speaker_heading: GORDON (cont‘d)
text: And then I hear this sound, like a weird
text: howl coming out of the sink. Then it’s a
dialog: voice...and it’s saying: “Do not be
text: afraid. Ninety-nine will die. Denver
dialog: Nine.” I even wrote it down...
text: Gordon pulls a wrinkled piece of paper from his shirt pocket
text: and fiddles with it.
speaker_heading: GORDON (CONT’D)
dialog: It keeps saying the same thing, over and
text: over, for an hour. Then it stops.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 97
text: Gordon peers at John, feeling sure John must think he’s lost
text: his mind -- but John encourages him to go on.
speaker_heading: GORDON (CONT’D)
dialog: And when I look in the mirror, I can’t
dialog: see anything. Not even my own reflection.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Then this morning when I woke up, I
dialog: looked at the paper where I wrote down
dialog: the words, and this was on it.
text: He hands John the crumpled piece of paper. Beneath the words,
dialog: “Do not be afraid. Ninety-nine will die. Denver Nine” is a
text: sketch. It’s crude, but unmistakable: A_man with huge eyes
dialog: and wings.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (pointing at sketch)
dialog: You don’t remember seeing this thing?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: No, and it scares the shit out of me.
text: John stares at the page, puzzled:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Denver nine...Denver nine...Any idea what
dialog: that means?
text: Gordon shakes his head no. As they head out of the store,
text: John’s eyes narrow.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont’d)
dialog: Gordon...
text: John puts his hand on Gordon’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont’d)
dialog: Gordon, your ear's bleeding.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: What?
text: Gordon brings his hand to his ear. Blood is trickling along
text: his jaw from inside his ear. Gordon gazes down at his hand.
text: His stricken eyes dart to John.
scene_heading: EXT. ESTAB. SHOT - ST. JOSEPH’S HOSPITAL - DAY 98
text: A professional-looking hospital, in a town clearly bigger
dialog: than Point Pleasant.
dialog: 99
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: INT. CAT-SCAN LAB - ST. JOSEPH’S HOSPITAL - DAY 99
text: DR. WILLIAMS sits with John, Gordon and Denise. Gordon is
text: pitched forward, a bundle of nerves, fearful. The doctor
dialog: points at:
text: A LUMINOUS CAT SCAN of a human brain.
speaker_heading: DR. WILLIAMS
text: The CAT’S SCAN’s clean, Gordon, no sign
dialog: of any physical problem.
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: Thank God.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: You’re sure? Because this man’s wife, she
dialog: had a brain tumor...
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Gordon, please...
speaker_heading: DR. WILLIAMS
dialog: What you had is a first class migraine. I
dialog: can write you a prescription.
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: Thank you doctor, that would be very kind
dialog: of you --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: -- Dr. Williams, there are other
text: symptoms. He heard voices. There were
dialog: visual hallucinations. Those symptoms are
dialog: both associated with Glioblastoma
dialog: Multiforma.
speaker_heading: DR. WILLIAMS
dialog: They are also associated with migraines.
dialog: There is nothing here to suggest
dialog: something as exotic as Glioblastoma
dialog: Multiforma.
dialog: (to Gordon)
dialog: If you'd like, I can refer you to another
dialog: neurologist for a second opinion, but --
text: Gordon shakes his head, confused and dismayed. He grabs
text: Denise and they all leave.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: I don’t feel right. Something’s wrong...
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: EXT. SI'VER BRIDGE - DUSK 100
text: FROM HIGH ABOVE: Gordon’s pick-up truck streaks across the
text: 700 FOOT STEEL BRIDGE, an antique engineering marvei from the
text: 1920s that spans the Ohio River.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. GORDON’S TRUCK/SILVER BRIDGE - CONTINUOUS 101
text: John watches Gordon and Denise: Gordon looks straight ahead,
text: one hand on the wheel, the other clutching Denise’s hand on
text: the seat between them. She’s putting up a good front, hiding
text: her concern. John lets his eyes drift down to the Ohio River
text: rushing beneath the bridge.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP - NIGHT 102
text: Gordon, Denise and John sit together at a booth. Gordon looks
dialog: frightened.
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: Hey -- it was good news, right? You're
dialog: not sick. That’s good.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I wish I was sick, then I would know why
dialog: this is happening to me.
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: Don’t say things like that, Gordon.
speaker_heading: GORDON
text: I’m losing it. I’m hallucinating, hearing
text: voices, my ear’s bleeding.
dialog: (to John)
dialog: Was your wife hearing voices before her
dialog: tumor?
text: John doesn’t answer. His attention is riveted ACROSS THE
text: ROOM. John stands. He moves deliberately across the diner.
text: All the SOUND drains out of the room.
text: John crosses the COUNTER and slowly raises his hand in the
text: air. The blue glow of the Tv tints his fingertips as he TURNS
text: UP THE VOLUME.
scene_heading: TV MONITOR - A NEWS UPDATE GRAPHIC 103
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN
dialog: ..-Again, our top story of the hour:
dialog: Airwest flight number 9 out of Denver has
dialog: crashed...
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE 104
text: John turns and looks at the booth. Denise covers her mouth in
text: horror. Gordon STANDS UP. His EYES LOCK with John’s.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN (0.S) (CONT'D)
dialog: There is no confirmation, but all ninety-
text: nine passengers and crew members are
dialog: believed dead.
text: JOHN’s face freezes, SHOCKED - this can’t be true! One look
text: at Gordon tells him that it is.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S MOTEL ROOM - EVENING 105
text: A phone cord stretches across a rumpled bedspread, shopping
text: bags, books, notes, photos and other research items.
speaker_heading: - JOHN
dialog: {into phone)
dialog: May I speak to Albert Leek, please?
text: The voice that comes on the line is scratchy and distant.
speaker_heading: LEEK (0.S.)
dialog: This is Leek.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: My name is John Klein and I’m working on
dialog: a pretty strange story, and I thought you
dialog: might be able to help me.
text: Silence on the line. John's hand rests on LEEK’S BOOK:
text: “THINGS UNSEEN”.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I've been reading your book, and I’m
dialog: especially interested in your theories
dialog: about prophecies --
speaker_heading: LEEK(0.S.)
dialog: -- Anything you want to know is in the
dialog: book.
dialog: John presses on:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, but this chapter on the entities
dialog: you call...
dialog: (flips through book)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 105
speaker_heading: LEEK (0.S.)
dialog: -- Were you contacted, or are you
dialog: pz ztending to have a professional
dialog: interest?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, no, I'm a reporter for the
dialog: Washington Post.
speaker_heading: LEEK (0.S.)
dialog: Well, I’m sorry Mr. Klein I don’t work in
dialog: those areas anymore.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't understand...
speaker_heading: LEEK (0.S.)
dialog: The research didn’t prove viable.
speaker_heading: - JOHN
dialog: What do you mean?
dialog: Click. Dial tone.
scene_heading: EXT. ALANCO CHEMICAL PLANT - AFTERNOON 106
text: Gordon hurries to his car in the plant’s parking lot, looking
text: awful. A FOREMAN stands in the background, looking at his
text: watch and narrowing his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. GORDON SMALLWOOD'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DUSK 107
text: Denise sits at the table, her face distraught. The sound of a
text: clock echoes through the quiet house.
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.0)
text: Denise seems pretty worried about him.
dialog: You hear a voice, that’s one thing...
scene_heading: INT. CONNIE PARKER’S KITCHEN - NIGHT 108
text: Connie watches John pacing back and forth, holding Leek’s
dialog: book.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: -+-But this wasn’t just a message, it was
dialog: a prediction that came true.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Are these things Gordon’s having
dialog: hallucinations or dreams?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 108
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The way he describes them, they sound
dialog: like dreams, but...I don’t know. He
dialog: believes they’re real.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I had a dream last night. It felt real to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh yeah?
text: Connie’s face darkens; just thinking about it scares her.
text: He can see she wants to tell him. He waits.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: ...It was nighttime, and I was in the
dialog: middle of the ocean, I was trying to
dialog: swim. But I was too cold. I looked for
dialog: something I could hold onto. There were
text: Christmas presents floating all around
text: me, wrapped up and tied with bows. I
text: tried to grab them but they kept popping
text: away. Like corks.
text: John listens intently as we...
speaker_heading: SMASHCUT TO:
scene_heading: THE NIGHTMARE - LIQUID SURFACE - HER POV 109
text: Brightly wrapped gifts bob at eye-level against a steel gray
dialog: sky...
text: Below, water _is glowing, pinpoints of light shine from
dialog: the depths.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: And somehow I knew I was dying...
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE: 110
dialog: Connie continues...
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Then I heard this loud voice - like
dialog: someone shouting in my ear: “Wake up,
dialog: Number 37!” And I woke up.
dialog: (shivers)
dialog: What do you think that means?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110
dialog: 111
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 110
speaker_heading: CONNIE (cont'd)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: “Number 37”?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (pondering)
dialog: Honestly, I have absolutely no idea.
text: She snorts out a weak laugh. John smiles. John barely notices
text: Kevin standing at his knee.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You wanna play?
text: John looks at Connie: did Kevin hear all that? She shrugs,
dialog: then:
text: John follows Kevin into the den.
text: WE STAY ON CONNIE: She watches them getting along like John’s
dialog: been around forever. A lot of strange things have turned up
text: in Point Pleasant recently. On Connie’s face, we can see that
dialog: not all of them are bad...
scene_heading: EXT. POINT PLEASANT CHURCH - NEXT DAY 111
text: The service is letting out, and CHURCHGOERS head down the
text: front steps. Among them are Connie -- and John. He looks like
text: he hasn’t been in a church in years. As they move away from
text: the others, they notice DENISE standing nervously at the
text: bottom of the steps.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Denise?
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: I don’t mean to bother you, Connie, but
dialog: it’s Gordon.
text: As she steps closer to Connie, she can see that Denise has
text: been crying.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Denise avoids her eyes, carefully phrasing her next remark:
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: I don‘t understand what’s happening to
dialog: him. If word gets out that Gordon’s, you
dialog: know, “hearing voices”...I need someone
dialog: to go talk to him.
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: EXT. GORDON SMALLWOOD'S FARM - NIGHT 112
text: GORDON AND JOHN walk slowly around the farm. Gordon has a
text: newspaper tucked under his arm.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I met him. The guy who told me about the
dialog: plane crash.
speaker_heading: : JOHN
dialog: You met him?
text: John is stunned -- but completely hooked:
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Yeah. Last night, just about midnight. I
text: was driving past the scrap yard by the
dialog: unfinished highway...
speaker_heading: FLASHCUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GORDON’S TRUCK - UNFINISHED HWY (GORDON’S STORY) 113
text: Gordon drives his pick-up truck along the narrow two-lane
dialog: highway.
speaker_heading: GORDON (V.O.) (cont’d)
dialog: I’m driving along when all of a sudden
dialog: this bright flash of lightning...
text: A HORIZONTAL SPIRAL OF LIGHTNING crosses in front of his
dialog: truck.
text: Gordon pulls off the road.
scene_heading: EXT. UNFINISHED HWY - GORDON’S TRUCK - STOPPED 114
text: Gordon peers out through the passenger window, facing the
speaker_heading: CAMERA .
text: BEHIND GORDON, we see AN OMINOUS VAGUE FIGURE approach the
text: driver side window from across the road. It has the general
text: characteristics of a MAN.
text: THE FIGURE taps on the glass.
text: GORDON spins around, gasps.
text: THE MAN stares at Gordon. We can barely see the outline of a
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: ray
speaker_heading: KB
dialog: wn
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: © man’s mouth moves, iE'S Gordon's VOICE we hear:
dialog: 
dialog: un
speaker_heading: eS
dialog: GORDON i, 8.) {cont!a}
dialog: tooked G bunan, b there was use
dialog: 
scene_heading: BACK £O SCENE: (GORDON: § EARMHOUSE - NIGHT) 115
speaker_heading: GORDON (cont 4)
dialog: xou know when 2 Someone } Aas a
dialog: and your locking’ at ‘then ang
dialog: nit quite Tit, 5 but you can‘t Put your
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: finger on JEs
dialog: What Bart di
speaker_heading: N
dialog: All of them. It’s S like the Pieces were
dialog: right, bur _they ji ust didn't t go
dialog: together. .
dialog: 
dialog: FLASHCUT TO;
dialog: van
dialog: eo
dialog: io
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: d. He slowiy
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE: (GORDON’S FARMHOUSE - NIGHT) 117
text: John searches Gordon's face for a sign -- could this possibly
dialog: be for real?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Gordon, do you really believe this? You
dialog: realize how all this sounds?
text: Gordon gives him a “be patient” gesture, then smiles
text: triumphantly and holds up the morning newspaper: EARTHQUAKE
scene_heading: IN ECUADOR. 320 PEOPLE KILLED.
text: Gordon seems possessed of complete self-assurance. And this
dialog: scares John most of all.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S MOTEL ROOM - TWO NIGHTS LATER 118
text: Since we last saw it, the tiny motel room has been
dialog: transformed into...
text: JOHN’S INVESTIGATION HEADQUARTERS: A computer and fax machine
text: crowd the small desk. Newspapers, books and faxes are stacked
dialog: everywhere.
text: Maps cover the walls, studded with colored tacks: Red ones
dialog: for odd light events, blue ones for giant bird-creature
text: sightings, etc. In the middle of the chaos:
text: JOHN AND CONNIE sit on the bed, sharing a pizza and a bottle
dialog: of Merlot, watching:
scene_heading: NAT'S VIDEO (HILLTOP CLEARING - NIGHT) - INTERCUT 119
text: A weak, grainy, image of the sky over the river and the
dialog: chemical plant.
text: They study the TV. John draws his finger across the screen.
text: No trace of the lights.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The lights should be right over here...
speaker_heading: CONNIE
text: It’s probably just too dark to record.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I wonder.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You ready for Josh's latest phone call?
text: John lifts a cassette player and hits “play.” On the tape we
text: hear Josh’s VOICE as he answers his phone:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: 119 CONTINUED: 119
speaker_heading: JOSH (V.O.)
dialog: (on tape)
dialog: Hello?..
text: On the other end of the line we hear an ungodly racket: a
dialog: i i an £ ow a_ mechanical shriek.
text: Connie shakes her head in wonder:
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: This is definitely the weirdest date I’ve
dialog: ever been on.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Is this a date?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Cut me some slack. It’s after eleven on a
dialog: weeknight and I’m in a motel room with a
dialog: single man. I’m calling it a date.
text: John gives her a curious smile, slightly lowering the volume
text: on the shrieking wail.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I think it actually sounds sort of
dialog: beautiful, if you play it low. Kind of
text: like a mating call.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Yeah, I see what you mean, maybe this
dialog: could be our song?
text: John smiles. An awkward silence. He leans in and gently
text: kisses her. She kisses him back.
text: They pull back, both a little surprised at what’s just
text: happened. John's face makes it clear -- this is the first
dialog: woman he’s kissed since Mary died.
text: Connie breaks the awkward silence:
speaker_heading: CONNIE (cont’d)
dialog: Look, if this is too soon, we could --
text: But before she can even finish,
text: THE PHONE RINGS. John is relieved to answer. It’s Gordon, and
dialog: he sounds stressed:
speaker_heading: GORDON (0.S.)
dialog: John, thank God you're there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: 119 CONTINUED: (2) 119
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Gordon?
speaker_heading: GORDON (0.S.)
dialog: (talking fast)
dialog: Look, I know I sounded a little bit crazy
dialog: today, but things have been getting weird
dialog: out here.
speaker_heading: . JOHN
dialog: Gordon, slow down --
speaker_heading: GORDON (0.S.)
dialog: -- He’s here.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Who is?
speaker_heading: GORDON (0.S.)
dialog: Mr. Cold. He’s here. Right now. He’s
text: standing right next to me.
text: John turns away from Connie and sits on the edge of the bed.
text: The mood in the room has completely shifted:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Let me talk to him.
speaker_heading: GORDON (0.S.)
dialog: Sure. Hang on.
text: Then he turns to Connie and covers the mouthpiece:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Get over to Gordon's quick, he says
text: Indrid Cold is there.
text: Connie doesn’t ask questions, she just grabs her things and
text: heads for the door.
text: A thin, monotone VOICE -- supposedly that of Indrid Cold --
dialog: comes on the line:
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Hello John Klein.
text: John tries to collect his thoughts.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: My name is Indrid Cold.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: 119 CONTINUED: (3) 119
text: John quickly attaches his tape recorder -- an expensive
text: digital device -- to his phone.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Unless, of course, you're Gordon
dialog: Smallwood.
speaker_heading: INDRID COLD (0.S.)
dialog: Your father was born in Racine,
dialog: Wisconsin. You lived in a green house on
dialog: Monroe street. You can’t remember how
dialog: your mother looked.
text: John realizes he’s sweating, his breathing has quickened. He
text: makes himself breathe normally.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Okay, you’ve got my attention. What color
dialog: shirt am I wearing?
speaker_heading: INDRID COLD(O.S.)
text: Red shirt, three buttons.
text: Correct. Hmm. John looks around the room. The curtains are
text: open. He pulls them shut. He looks down and sees his watch in
dialog: his shoe.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Where’s my watch?
speaker_heading: INDRID COLD(O.S.)
text: Shoe under bed.
text: He looks around the room: Hidden cameras? An elaborate trick?
text: He shuts off all the lights. Then plunges his hand into his
dialog: overnight bag.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What am I holding in my hand?
speaker_heading: INDRID COLD(O.S.)
dialog: Cream stick.
text: John pulls his hand from his bag: he holds a small tube of
text: Chapstick. Suddenly, an explanation occurs.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Indrid Cold -- are you reading my mind?
speaker_heading: INDRID COLD(O.S.)
dialog: I have no need to.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: 119 CONTINUED: (4) 119
text: Okay...John grabs a paperback from the stack near his bed,
text: but doesn’t open it. The real test:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What's the third line on page...fifty-
dialog: one?
speaker_heading: INDRID COLD(O.S.)
dialog: (instantly)
text: ‘“-- Face unadorned held a naked promise
dialog: that her figure did --”
text: John flips on the lamp, opens the book, finds the page, scans
text: the line, takes a sharp breath. Correct.
speaker_heading: INDRID COLD(O.S.)
dialog: (cont ‘d)
dialog: Still more proof John Klein?
scene_heading: 120 EXT. BACK ROAD - NIGHT 120
text: Connie’s speeding Prowler hugs the curves of a winding back
text: road, blue and red gumballs flashing.
scene_heading: 121 INT. JOHN'S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 121
text: John is still on the phone with Indrid Cold. His mood has
text: shifted from skepticism to anxious fascination:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What do you look like?
speaker_heading: INDRID COLD(O.S.)
dialog: Variable.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I want to meet you.
speaker_heading: INDRID COLD(O.S.)
dialog: We already have. You frighten easily.
dialog: You‘re afraid right now.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You seem to know a lot. Can you tell me
dialog: something...What happened to my wife?
text: A long silence. The silence makes John nervous.
speaker_heading: INDRID COLD(O.S.)
dialog: Why ask me what you already know?
text: John takes a breath and closes his eyes:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 121
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Where is Mary Klein right now?
text: John grips the phone, his hand slick with sweat, waiting.
speaker_heading: INDRID COLD(O.S.)
dialog: The one who was Mary Klein cannot be
dialog: found by looking.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Contact is possible. See you in time.
text: The line ERUPTS IN A HIGH PITCHED WHINE, a metallic WHISTLE,
text: piercing John’s ear. He flings the phone away. The receiver
text: keeps SCREECHING on the floor. John stares at the phone. The
text: SCREECH becomes a terrible CREAK, replaced by STATIC, then
text: nothing, finally a dial tone. John forces himself to retrieve
text: the receiver and place it back on the cradle. Sweat beads
text: roll down into his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. GORDON SMALLWOOD’S HOUSE - NIGHT 122
text: Connie’s hand pounds on the door. Nothing. She pounds again.
text: Nothing. Finally, a light goes on inside and...
text: GORDON SMALLWOOD opens the door slowly. He’s in boxer shorts,
text: hair-mussed, fresh from bed. He squints out at Connie:
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: What's up, Connie? Everything okay?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: -- Did you just call John?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: I've been asleep since nine.
scene_heading: EXT. BELL SOUND LABS - CHARLESTON - DAY 123
text: Establish a high-tech looking facility - clearly the non-
dialog: nonsense domain of science.
scene_heading: INT. BELL SOUND LABS - CHARLESTON - DAY 124
text: John sits in the SOUND LAB surrounded by some of the most
text: sophisticated sound analysis equipment in America. He listens
dialog: to a tape of last night’s phone call along with:
text: SONNY BERGER, (45) a sound engineer -- good-natured, bearded
dialog: and at least 300 pounds.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 124
text: As Indrid Cold’s VOICE comes on, Sonny points to the Voice
dialog: Frequency Gauge:
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: See? It’s sticking up here around 1950
dialog: cycles per second. The lowest it gets is
dialog: maybe, 1930 or so...
text: Then John's VOICE comes on the tape.
speaker_heading: SONNY (cont'd)
dialog: Yours is way down here in normal vocal
dialog: range: anywhere from 1000 to 1200 cycles
dialog: per second.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So this guy’s vocal range is higher than
dialog: mine?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (laughs) )
dialog: You‘re bullshitting me, right? How’d you
dialog: do it?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Do what?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Create the voice. It’s a good mimic, but
dialog: comes on, 1900 cycles per second?
dialog: Groundhogs don’t go that high.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So what the hell is it?
text: As the tape plays, Sonny isolates Indrid Cold’s voice and
dialog: does a computer search for matches...Nothing.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: As near as I can figure, it’s some sort
dialog: of electrical impulse. But whatever it
dialog: is, it isn’t coming out of human vocal
text: cords.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN KLEIN’S CAR - DUSK 125
text: John drives back from Charleston, cell phone to his ear,
dialog: leaving a message:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (frayed)
dialog: Cyrus, it’s John, it’s Wednesday night,
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: In
dialog: it
speaker_heading: NI
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 125
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: I’m still stuck down here in West
dialog: Virginia.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - TOLL BOOTH - DUSK 126
text: John's car passes through a tollbooth, exiting the main
text: highway. There’s something eerie about it, but John is
text: wrapped up in his call and doesn't notice.
speaker_heading: . JOHN
dialog: (continuous)
dialog: I’m going to need a few more days to wrap
dialog: - things up...I/11 call you in a couple of
dialog: days.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 127
text: A cold wind howls outside. John lies in bed, tossing and
text: turning in the dark...
speaker_heading: LATER 128
text: Now the lights are on. He sits on the edge of the bed,
scene_heading: CHANNEL SURFING.
text: He clicks off the TV and throws down the remote...
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER 129
text: Now he's dressed. He grabs his keys and he’s out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. GORDON SMALLWOOD'S HOUSE - NIGHT 130
text: John stands on the Porch talking to Denise. She shakes her
text: head, points towards town.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. JOHN’S CAR - PARKING AREA/HILLTOP CLEARING - NIGHT 131
text: John's car rolls to a stop at the hilltop near the Alanco
text: Chemical Plant. No other cars parked, no sign of Gordon.
scene_heading: EXT, COFFEE SHOP - NIGHT 132
text: John drives past - it’s closed for the night.
scene_heading: EXT. IRON HORSE TAVERN - NIGHT 133
text: John drives by -- also closed. He drives on.
dialog: 134
scene_heading: EXT. THE SILVER BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: John spots Gordon mid-span, leaning over the railing,
text: down at the rushing water. He’s not wearing a coat.
text: John jumps out:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Gordon!
text: Gordon doesn’t seem to hear him.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: Gordon!
dialog: 66.
dialog: 134
dialog: staring
text: John reaches Gordon’s side, places his hand on his shoulder.
text: Gordon stares out at nothing in particular.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: I used to walk up here when I was a
dialog: little kid. We’re right between West
dialog: Virginia and Ohio. So technically, I
dialog: figure we're not in either one...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Come on Gordon it’s freezing out here,
dialog: you want to warm up in my car?
text: Gordon slowly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Can’t. I’m waiting for him.
text: John nods, waits for him to continue:
speaker_heading: GORDON (CONT’D)
dialog: John, everybody in this town is looking
dialog: at me like I’m insane...You know why?
text: John goes to answer, but Gordon continues:
speaker_heading: GORDON (CONT‘D)
dialog: It’s because I’m telling the
dialog: truth...Denise, all the others, they
dialog: don’t know, John. I do.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What do you know, Gordon?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I been lying awake at night -- feel like
text: I’m sleeping, but I’m awake. That’s when
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 134
speaker_heading: GORDON (cont'd)
text: I hear him...When I hear his voice
dialog: lately, I swear to God -- I feel better.
text: John stares at Gordon, incredulous: Gordon looks as sure of
text: himself and resolute as when they first met. John takes a
text: moment to gather his thoughts.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I have an idea, but before I tell you
dialog: what it is, I want you to know I don’t
dialog: think you‘re crazy. Okay?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: I’m not crazy.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’ve heard about a program at the
dialog: University. They work with people who’ve
dialog: had strange experiences, and try to
dialog: figure out if these events are
dialog: occurring...outwardly or inwardly. You
dialog: see what I mean?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: You think I’m imagining all this?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don’t know, Gordon.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD/UNFINISHED HIGHWAY - NIGHT 135
text: John drives past the scrap yard next to the UNFINISHED
text: HIGHWAY where Gordon claims to have met Indrid Cold. As JOHN
text: drives under the elevated RAMP TO NOWHERE...
scene_heading: INT - CAR - NIGHT (INTERCUT) 136
text: ..-his face suddenly contorts with fear.
text: He looks around terrified: what’s happening to him?
text: Sweat beads on his forehead, he tries to move his arms, his
text: hands, his legs -- he’s paralyzed with fear.
text: The car continues to roll forward, increasing speed. Ten
text: Feet...Twenty...Thirty! His fear escalates into panic. Every
text: yard an eternity of unbearable terror. At fifty feet, he
text: crosses an_ invisible border: his fear leaves as suddenly as
dialog: it came.
text: John stops the car. He catches his breath, gathering his
dialog: nerve to investigate further.
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: EXT. UNFINISHED HIGHWAY/SCRAP YARD - CONTINUOUS 137
text: ohn climbs ovt of his car, plants his feet on the aspha?t,
text: looks around.
text: Nothing out of the ordinary. No sign of Indrid Cold or any
dialog: other explanation -- what did he just pass through?
text: He walks back towards the area, slowly, cautiously, trying to
dialog: stay calm.
text: Then he takes one step too many.
text: He’s back inside the zone. The air becomes perfectly still as
text: ALL AUDIBLE SOUNDS -- animals, birds, even insects -- are
text: sucked into silence. The night becomes darker, too dark.
text: John's breathing becomes shallow and fast. He falls to the
text: ground, engulfed in fear.
speaker_heading: JOHN(V.O.)
dialog: I couldn't move. I don’t know what it
dialog: was, I was more afraid than I’ve ever
dialog: been in my whole life. I was just a few
dialog: feet from where I came in, but it felt
dialog: like I'd never make it back...
scene_heading: INT. CONNIE’S PROWL CAR - DAY 138
text: Connie listens intently to John as she drives towards the
text: unfinished highway.
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.0O.)
text: ...I’m on my knees, and I’m
text: hyperventilating. I couldn’t stand up. It
dialog: took me a half hour to crawl the five
text: feet out of there.
text: John looks at Connie. She doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: This is it, up ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. UNFINISHED HIGHWAY - DAY 139
text: Connie slows the Prowler to a crawl, then brakes. They get
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: It began here?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Right over here, I think.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 139
text: John and Connie walk slowly. John tries to get his bearings.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont ’d)
dialog: I remember the ramp was here...so this
dialog: must be it.
text: He starts to walk. Connie joins him and they step over an
text: imaginary line together. They look at each other. She shakes
text: her head. Nothing.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: Let‘s keep going.
text: They walk further. Nothing. John stops, perplexed, shakes his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I swear, it was right here.
text: Connie looks at him. She doesn’t feel it. But last night,
text: John did. Connie looks into his eyes, sees a man shaken from
text: an experience he can't explain. She takes his hand in hers.
speaker_heading: HIGH ANGLE
text: They walk back and forth, back and forth, back and forth.
text: Birds chirp, the winter sun is shining brightly, and we pull
text: back on two people searching for an imaginary circle.
scene_heading: INT. INTERVIEW CUBICLES - UNIVERSITY - DAY 140
text: We INTERCUT between John and Gordon -- as each is interviewed
text: by DR. LEE OKSTER, (37), friendly, and way too good looking
dialog: to be in a lab coat:
speaker_heading: OKSTER
dialog: As a child, were you prone to seizures?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: OKSTER
dialog: Were you often left at home alone?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: OKSTER
dialog: Did you have a guardian angel or secret
dialog: friend?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 140
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: OKSTER
dialog: Do you sometimes have trouble discerning
dialog: dreams from actual memories?...
text: Gordon stares into the middle distance; he slowly nods.
speaker_heading: . OKSTER (cont'd)
dialog: Mr. Smallwood?
text: Gordon looks up, as if waking from a dream, as we go...
scene_heading: INT. ELECTROENCEPHALOGRAM LAB - LATER 1421
text: INTERCUT again between John and Gordon with small electric
text: patches taped to their faces and skulls. EEG printouts scroll
text: out beside them.
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY RESEARCH CENTER - LATER 142
text: Dr. Okster shows John and Gordon their EEG printouts.
speaker_heading: OKSTER
dialog: Alright, this line here? It measures
dialog: activity in the temporal lobe, the visual
text: and perceptual center of the brain.
dialog: Disorders in this area have been linked
text: to both alien encounters and near-death
dialog: experiences.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Disorders like a brain tumor?
speaker_heading: OKSTER
dialog: Maybe. But neither you nor Mr. Smallwood
dialog: seem to have any temporal lobe
dialog: abnormalities.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So what does that leave?
speaker_heading: OKSTER
dialog: You might have been exposed to an
dialog: electromagnetic field. Certain people are
dialog: more sensitive than others to these EM
dialog: waves, and it stimulates their temporal
text: lobes causing vivid hallucinations.
text: Gordon squints skeptically:
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 142
speaker_heading: OKSTER (cont’d)
text: Bright lights, voices, feelings of
dialog: terror, distortions of time and even
text: sightings of humanoid creatures.
text: Gordon looks freaked, John doesn’t know what to think.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN KLEIN’ MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 143
text: CLOSE ON A BOOK PAGE -- A 15TH CENTURY DRAWING OF A GIANT MAN
text: WITH INSECT EYES AND WINGS. It looks like something from the
dialog: Ars Moriendi -- “The Art of Dying” -- Medieval Christian
dialog: texts on death.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (0.S.)
dialog: “The Nocturnal Butterfly. Also called
dialog: Mothman. In ancient cultures, the moth
dialog: represents a form of the psyche, or the
text: soul immortally trapped in the hellish
dialog: death realms...”
text: Connie sits on the edge of a bed, wearing her uniform. She
text: reads from a MYTHOLOGY BOOK.
text: John’s weekender lies open on the other bed: he’s packing.
text: It‘s late. A cold wind howls outside.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT’D)
dialog: (reading)
dialog: --.“Mothman is one of the most obscure
dialog: and frightening mythological creatures of
dialog: the underworld...”
text: Connie closes the book. She’s read enough for tonight. She
text: tosses it on the floor. John stops packing and looks at her.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT’D)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: What time’s your flight?
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Eight AM.
text: Connie looks away, missing him already.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET - DAY 144
text: ON WEST 83RD STREET: John stands in a doorway across from the
text: brownstone Criterion Apartments. He sees...
text: A MAN emerges from the apartment building: stocky, red face
text: and crew-cut hair. Looks like a retired drill sergeant.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 144
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 144
text: John glances at the author photo on the book he holds,
text: “Things Unseen”. Sure enough, it’s the same guy: ALBERT LEEK.
text: John dodges across the street and stops him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Mr. Leek...
text: Leek stops in his tracks, alarmed. John holds up one of the
dialog: Bird-Man sketches:
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: - Do you know what this is?
text: Leek’s eyes flick from the sketch to John’s face:
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: Who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: John Klein. I called you. I need to know
dialog: about this.
text: Leek stares at him, considers -- then pushes quickly past:
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: I’m sorry but I’m already late.
text: John follows after him down the crowded street.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Have you ever seen this thing?
text: Leek keeps walking, trying to ignore the man following him.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: (shouting over street noise)
dialog: I need your help, Mr. Leek?
text: Leek finally stops and turns -- John almost runs into him.
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: Where are they seeing him?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: {out of breath)
dialog: Point Pleasant, West Virginia...
text: He stares at John, making up his mind: should he bother?
text: Leek grabs the sketch from John and gazes at it. He looks
text: like he’s staring at his own obituary.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 144
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: (quiet, to himself)
dialog: Mothman.
text: John’s eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (a statement)
dialog: You can help me, can’t you?
text: Leek nods.
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: Follow me.
scene_heading: INT. METROPOLIS BOOK SHOP - DAY 145
text: John follows Leek into the giant, dusty old bookstore.
text: Shelves tower overhead; stacks of books line the floor;
text: aisles roll out in all directions, disappearing into murky
dialog: darkness.
text: ANGLE ON AISLE: John watches Leek scan the titles, his head
text: tilted to the side. He plucks a book off the shelves:
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: Ah, here we are...
text: Leek flips through a book and stops on A PAINTING OF A GIANT
text: MAN WITH WINGS. It looks like something out of Greek
text: mythology. John shudders.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Mothman?
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: That’s what the Ukrainians called him.
dialog: Rough translation, of course. There were
dialog: a hundred sightings in Chernobyl the year
dialog: the nuclear plant went down.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Jesus.
text: Leek turns to A GRAINY PHOTOGRAPH, the kind we’ve all seen:
text: blurry, poorly framed -- but instead of a UFO, a Moth-like
text: figure hovers in the sky.
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: Galveston, 1969, just before the
dialog: hurricane. They saw it. But seeing isn’t
dialog: always believing. There’s never been a
dialog: single shred of evidence that any of
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 145 CONTINUED:
dialog: 74.
dialog: 145
speaker_heading: LEEK (cont'd)
dialog: these things exist materially; not for
dialog: more than a short time, anyway. No one’s
dialog: ever seen any Bigfoot boé.es or crashed
dialog: UFO's.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What about Roswell?
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: Come on. You work in Washington. Is that
dialog: braintrust capable of keeping that kind
dialog: of secret?
text: John rubs his eyes, confused:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So you're saying these things don’t
dialog: exist?
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: Sure they exist. There’s all kinds of
dialog: things that exist all around us that we
dialog: never see, right? Electricity,
dialog: microwaves, infra-red waves. You know,
dialog: they’ve been around forever, they show up
dialog: in cave paintings. They’re a normal
dialog: condition of the planet, they're just not
dialog: part of our consensus of what constitutes
dialog: physical reality.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: But what are they?
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: Look, you're asking for an explanation
dialog: for something that can’t be explained
dialog: rationally.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: But why do they show-up before all these
dialog: disasters?
text: Leek re-shelves the book, turns to John:
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: You know all that build-up of energy
dialog: before something happens? The way your
text: hair stands up before lightning strikes?
dialog: That's when they cross over --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: -- What do you mean, before something
dialog: happens? Do they cause disasters?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 145
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: Why would they need to? No, my theory is
text: they foreshadow death and disaster.
text: John lets that sink in, then:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What do they want?
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: I have no idea. What you really want to
dialog: know is why you.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Okay. Yeah.
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: You think you're special. Trust me,
dialog: you're not. You just got in their way.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Got in their way?
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: You noticed them. And they noticed that
dialog: you noticed them. Most people aren’t
dialog: sensitive enough to see them without some
dialog: sort of trauma.
text: John winces. Leek studies him, leans in.
speaker_heading: LEEK (cont ‘d)
dialog: Are you fixated on death, Mr. Klein?
text: John is silent. Leek nods knowingly, then walks down the
text: aisle and out the door. John follows.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET - DUSK 146
text: Loud, crowded, and cold. John and Leek walk into the wind:
speaker_heading: JOHN :
dialog: Last week my friend got a strange phone
dialog: call from a spirit or entity or whatever.
dialog: It seemed to know... everything. Like
dialog: God.
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: (continuing for him)
dialog: And *t made predictions, and they came
dialog: true...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 146
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 146
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (nods, excited)
dialog: Yeah. He called himself Indrid Cold.
text: John searches Leek’s face for a sign of recognition; Leek
text: just shrugs. The name means nothing to him.
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: If your “friend” thinks he’s talking to
text: God, he’s off by more than a few degrees.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: But how could he know all this stuff?
text: Leek stops walking. He looks around, trying to figure out a
dialog: way to explain.
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: Look up there...
text: John looks where Leek is pointing...
text: A SKYSCRAPER: Ten stories up, a window-washer squeegees the
text: side of a glass building.
speaker_heading: LEEK (CONT'D)
dialog: If there was a car crash on Eighty Fourth
dialog: and Riverside that window washer up there
dialog: could probably see it. Doesn’t mean he’s
dialog: God -- or even any smarter than we are.
text: But from where he’s sitting, he can see a
text: little further down the road.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: But they’ve gotta be more advanced then
dialog: us. Why don’t they just come right out
dialog: and say what’s on their minds?
text: Leek nods.
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: You're more advanced than.a cockroach --
dialog: ever try explaining yourself to one?
text: They continue down the street, each lost in their own
text: thoughts. John breaks the silence:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So, what about Point Pleasant?
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: How many people have seen it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 146
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don’t know, ten, maybe twenty?
text: Leek stops dead in his tracks, looks John in the eyes.
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: Don’t go back there,
dialog: Mr. Klein.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: Listen to me, something terrible is going
dialog: to happen in Point Pleasant.
text: John is struck by the sudden fear that has clouded Leek’s
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: LEEK (cont’d)
dialog: Nothing you do can stop it. Don’t go
dialog: back, stay away, and stay away from
dialog: me...I can’t talk about this any more.
text: Leek starts to walk away, but John’s desperation demands an
text: answer. He pulls Leek violently by the arm.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look, Mr. Leek, there’s got to be a
dialog: reason I ended up in Point Pleasant...
dialog: something brought me there.
text: Leek pulls away.
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: If it brought you there, it brought you
dialog: there to die.
text: LEEK disappears down a dark staircase to the subway.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREETS - NIGHT 147
text: John has put off his flight and spends hours walking circles
text: around Times Square, wrestling with unanswered questions.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET - MORNING 148
text: ON WEST 83RD STREET: John waits outside the entrance to
text: Leek’s brownstone. When someone leaves, he rushes to the door
text: before it locks, slips in the building.
dialog: 149
speaker_heading: 149A
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: INT. LEEK’S APT BUILDING - HALLWAY - MORNING 149
text: John knocks. Leek cracks the doc open, displeased.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Please, I need to talk to you.
text: Leek stares coldly.
speaker_heading: JCAN (cont’d)
dialog: I need to know what happened to you.
text: Leek’s face darkens, clouded by a bad memory. He lets the
text: door swing open.
scene_heading: INT. LEEK’S APARTMENT - MORNING 149A
text: John follows him down a long hallway into the KITCHEN.
text: John nods.
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: You didn’t sleep last night did you?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: Once they get to you, it’s hard to sleep,
dialog: isn’t it?
speaker_heading: LEEK (cont’d)
dialog: You cross a line between what’s real and
dialog: what’s not real...
text: Leek pours himself a cup of tea and sits down at a table
text: across from John.
speaker_heading: LEEK (cont’d)
dialog: I was a physics professor at Cornell,
dialog: tenured, you can look me up. One day I
text: started hearing voices. The voices became
dialog: messages. Before long, I was fully
dialog: convinced that I was receiving
dialog: predictions of disaster from “outside
dialog: intelligences.”
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: But you were, weren’t you?
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: John, I_had tapes of their voices! But so
dialog: what? Nobody cared. I knew a building was
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: 149A CONTINUED: 149A
speaker_heading: LEEK (cont'd)
dialog: going to blow up, I tried to prevent it,
dialog: but no one listened...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What happened?
text: Leek has turned fragile, shaking his head slowly, as if
text: reliving the past.
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: People died.
text: Leek finishes his tea and goes into the LIVING ROOM, John
text: follows.
speaker_heading: LEEK (cont'd)
dialog: I was investigated and almost arrested.
dialog: My wife divorced me and my kids stopped
dialog: speaking to me. I spent four horrific
dialog: years in a psychiatric facility. I lost
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh my god.
text: Leek has moved over to a mantle in front of a fireplace.
text: Pictures of his past life loom behind him.
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: Being right is worse than being wrong. If
dialog: you're wrong, you’re just a fool, if
dialog: you‘re right, you’re a suspect.
dialog: Basically, it’s a lose lose situation.
text: Leek walks towards John, stands very close to him. John looks
text: lost and exhausted.
speaker_heading: LEEK (cont‘d)
dialog: They fuck with guys like us, Mr. Klein.
dialog: You’1l never understand their messages.
dialog: You'll misinterpret them...I did. It
dialog: almost destroyed me...
dialog: You know what? In the end it all came
dialog: down to one simple question: which was
dialog: more important -~ having proof? Or having
dialog: a life?
text: John tries hard to pull himself together.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’m scared.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 149A CONTINUED:
dialog: 150
text: Leek shakes his head, recognizing the persistence of the
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: Good, when you stop being scared -- then
dialog: it’s time to worry. Trust me. I turned
dialog: away years ago when I pitched all my
dialog: notes into that fireplace and I’ve never
dialog: looked back.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: But didn’t you want to know?
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: Know what?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The answers.
text: truth seeker in front of him. Leek extends his hand.
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: Good luck, John.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT - COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: John and Ed sip coffee. Typical airport chaos surges all
dialog: around them.
text: Ed shakes his head, can’t believe what he’s hearing.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: This doesn’t sound like you, John. This
dialog: is the kind of stuff we used to rip on
text: when it came over the wire.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I know. It’s different when it happens to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You met someone, didn’t you?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: No, no, nothing like that.
dialog: 
dialog: 150
text: Ed takes a long, assessing look at his friend. He knows not
dialog: to push it.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Do me a favor. Talk to Cyrus. Today. Tell
dialog: him you've got the flu -- make up any
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: 150 CONTINUED: 150
dialog: 151
speaker_heading: ED (cont'd)
dialog: excuse you want -- I'll back you up. I
dialog: just want to be sure you still have a job
dialog: up here, once you’re done doing, whatever
dialog: it is you're doing down there. Deal?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Deal.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - NIGHT 151
dialog: About a hundred townsfolk have gathered for the annual
text: Christmas tree lighting. John searches for Connie. He winds
text: his way through the crowd, past Nat and Lucy, C.J. and Holly,
text: Josh and the cranky Night Manager. Everyone seems a bit
text: anxious: there’s trouble getting the tree lit.
text: He spots Connie and Denise standing in a storefront, sharing
text: a cigarette. They both look upset. John hugs Connie, but she
text: doesn’t hug him back. John is hurt. Denise smooths the
dialog: awkward moment:
speaker_heading: _ DENISE
dialog: (joking, to John)
dialog: You’re just in time, they’re about to
dialog: light the tree -- have been for the last
dialog: two hours.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Really?
dialog: (surveying the crowd)
dialog: Where’s Gordon? Didn’t he come?
text: Denise points. Gordon is standing off by himself. He looks
text: broken, preoccupied, tense.
text: John notices that Connie has wandered off. He catches up with
text: her, gently takes her arm.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’D)
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (shortly)
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Connie looks too upset to talk.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’D)
dialog: Did you bring Kevin?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 151 CONTINUED: 151
text: She points to Kevin, who stands about ten feet away watching
text: elves set up the lights. Kevin has his back to them.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: You look upset. What’s going on?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Well, Gordon got himself fired from the
dialog: chemical plant.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That's terrible.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Just kept talking about Indrid Cold,
dialog: wouldn’t shut up. Fifteen more people
dialog: reported seeing the “The Mothman” today.
dialog: Fifteen.
dialog: (she raises her voice)
dialog: And three of them were cops. I hate this,
dialog: John. I absolutely goddamn hate this.
text: Kevin wanders up to them, tugs at his Mom's coat. John looks
text: down: One of Kevin's eves is swollen shut -- just like C.J.
text: John masks his frightened reaction.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hi Kevin.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (somberly)
dialog: Hi John. Mom, can I go closer to the
dialog: elves?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Stay where I can see you.
text: Kevin shuffles away.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What happened to him?
text: Connie looks away, choking back her anger. She won't answer.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont‘d)
dialog: What's wrong with his eye?
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont’d)
dialog: Did he see something?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: 151 CONTINUED: (2) isi
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (explodes)
dialog: I don’t know, John. He hasn’t eaten, he
dialog: won't go anywhere near his room. He won’t
dialog: talk to me.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: / JOHN
dialog: Let me try.
text: John walks over to Kevin for a private talk. Kevin seems more
text: subdued than usual.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’D)
dialog: How are you doing, pal?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Okay, I guess.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What happened to your eye?
text: Kevin won’t answer. John reaches for Kevin's hands: he’s
text: trembling. John warms them in his, rubbing them together.
text: Kevin stares at John.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Is my mom going to die?
text: John is taken aback, but he recovers:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Of course not. Why?
text: John looks tenderly at Kevin, but the conviction in his voice
dialog: is undeniable:
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Nothing is going to happen to your mom,
dialog: okay?
text: Kevin looks at him; he wants to believe it, but...
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont’d)
dialog: I mean it Kevin. I promise...I’m going to
dialog: make sure of it.
text: Good enough. Kevin hugs John with the complete reassurance
text: that only a seven year-old can truly feel.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: i151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) isl
text: A row of lights goes on, sparks, —¢ ‘ immedia-ely goes off.
text: The crowd lets out a disap sinted Shhhh” . yin moves ahead
dialog: to see what’s going on.
text: John looks at Connie and nods -- it’s okay. They circle the
text: still dark tree in silence for a while, tracking Kevin. Then:
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont’d)
dialog: Connie, whatever is happening here -- it
dialog: has something to do with me. I was
dialog: brought here. For a reason...
text: Connie stops, looks him in the eyes.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: These things are real. Indrid Cold is
dialog: real. He’s trying to show me something,
dialog: tell me something...I don’t know what.
text: John waits for her to react. All he sees on her face is
text: concern. Whatever she’s thinking, she doesn’t want to say it.
text: Fifty feet above them, the grand old pine tree lights. They
text: stare, speechless. It’s beautiful, but at the same time,
text: maybe because of the events of the last months, a pall hangs
dialog: over the town...
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL - NIGHT 152
text: A neon sign buzzes, electrical wires hum, WE MOVE along a
text: phone line towards John’s dark room.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S MOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS 153
text: John turns over in bed, then wakes with a start. There's a
text: rustling sound outside. Somebody is at the window.
text: John climbs out of bed. The phone starts ringing. He ignores
text: it. He goes to the window and draws back the curtains...
scene_heading: A BRIGHT ORANGE MOON (INTERCUT) 154
text: glows on the horizon. Silhouetted against it: a leafless
text: tree, bending in the wind.
text: The tree turns toward John. Glowing red eyes shine at him.
text: How could he have missed it? It’s not a tree at all.
text: It's Mothman. SNAP! -- a giant wing flares from the
text: creature's back and -- CRACKS THE WINDOW.
speaker_heading: SMASHCUT TO:
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: 155 INT. JOHN'S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 155
text: THE PHONE IS STILL RINGING: John bolts up in bed, covered in
text: sweat, gasping from the nightmare
text: John catches his breath and looks at the clock: 4:00 a.m.
text: exactly. He picks up the phone:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: GORDON (0.S.)
dialog: John? It’s Gordon.
text: Gordon's VOICE is distant and staticky.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Gordon? Where are you, I can barely hear -
speaker_heading: GORDON (0.S.)
dialog: (excited)
dialog: -- Jeez, I can’t believe I got
dialog: through...Listen, John: he was right.
dialog: Mr.Cold was right about everything.
text: John strains to hear; he shouts into the bad connection:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Right about what?
speaker_heading: GORDON (O.S.)
dialog: It’s beautiful, John. I want you to know
dialog: that. It truly is. You've got nothing to
dialog: worry about.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What‘s beautiful, Gordon? What are you
dialog: talking about?
text: Gordon's VOICE grows fainter.
speaker_heading: GORDON (0.S.)S
dialog: I gotta go. Goodbye, John. Thanks for
dialog: everything. I'll see you in time.
text: A huge flare of static and then silence. No dial tone, no
dialog: click...Just silence.
scene_heading: 156 EXT. GORDON SMALLWOOD’S HOUSE - NIGHT 156
text: John slams into Gordon Smallwood's driveway just behind
text: Connie’s cruiser and a paramedic van.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 156
text: John RUSHES toward the barn as Connie emerges with Denise,
text: who’s crying hysterically.
text: John is stopped short: Denise gle es at him with hatred in
dialog: her eyes:
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: It’s your fault...you encouraged him...
text: Denise climbs the porch and disappears into the house. Connie
text: takes John’s arm as they walk back towards the barn.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You know she doesn’t mean it.
text: John nods.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Did she see it?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: No, she was asleep when she heard the
text: shot. Gordon wasn’t in bed. She came out
dialog: here and found him in back with his
dialog: shotgun.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Jesus...Do you know what time it
dialog: happened?
text: Connie wipes her eyes and checks her notebook:
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Around 4 A.M.
text: John flinches, like he’s just been struck.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (cont'd)
dialog: I can’t stand this, John. I feel like
text: everyone in town is losing their mind.
dialog: John knows exactly what she means.
scene_heading: INT. IRON HORSE TAVERN - LATE AFTERNOON 157
text: John is wearing a black suit, hunched over a glass of scotch.
text: A couple people dressed in mourning clothes are gathered at
text: the other end of the bar. A hand gently squeezes John’s
text: shoulder, he turns to find Fire Chief Josh Jessup:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: It didn’t seem right to bring this up at
dialog: the funeral -- but as far as I know,
dialog: there’s never been any accidents at the
dialog: chemical plant.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: . JOSH
dialog: I got your message yesterday, I meant to
dialog: call you back, but it slipped my mind.
text: John gives him a blank look.
speaker_heading: JOSH (cont’d)
dialog: Don’t you remember leaving me that
dialog: message?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I wasn’t here yesterday, I was in New
dialog: York.
scene_heading: INT. BELL SOUND LABS - CHARLESTON - DAY
text: Once again, John sits with Sonny Berger.
text: A PHONE MESSAGE CASSETTE spins in a high tech deck.
text: exactly like JOHN’S VOICE.
scene_heading: ANSWERING MACHINE VOICE (V.0O.)
dialog: Hi Josh, this is John Klein. Have there
dialog: ever been any accidents at the chemical
dialog: plant? Thank you in advance.
dialog: Sonny hits “stop.”
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I never made that call. It sounds like
dialog: me, but come on, “Thank you in advance”?
dialog: I don’t talk like that. No one does.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Well, it sure sounds like you.
dialog: 87.
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: It sounds
text: John looks at the Voice Frequency Gauge: It’s well within
dialog: human range -- about 1100 cycles per minute.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: There’s no way this could be an
dialog: electrical impulse like the last one?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 158
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Doubtful. Watch...
text: Sonr., isolates John’s VOICE on the previous tape and on
text: Josh's tape. He runs them on adjacent monitors: the gauges
text: respond identically.
speaker_heading: SONNY (CONT'D)
dialog: This is what we call a voiceprint. The
dialog: best computer mimic in the world can’t
dialog: get more than a 75% match. These two are
dialog: at 99.7% If I had to, I’d swear ina
dialog: court of law that both of these voices
dialog: are yours.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - POINT PLEASANT - DUSK 159
text: It’s just getting dark as John pulls into town, parks in
text: front of the POLICE STATION.
text: John bounds up the station steps, his mind still reeling from
text: the events at the sound lab. He stops abruptly and walks back
text: down the steps, turns left.
text: A WOMAN WITH RED HAIR climbs the steps from the right. John
dialog: just misses seeing her, but we do: she’s a dead-ringer for
dialog: Mary.
dialog: We follow John to a -
scene_heading: EXT. STREET/CORNER SHOP - POINT PLEASANT - DAY 160
text: where he buys coffee.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION - LATER 161
text: John climbs the steps. As he passes through the glass front
text: doors, THE WOMAN WALKS RIGHT PAST HIM.
text: Once again, John misses seeing her. Is that Mary? Now we're
text: not sure. Something looks different.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - NIGHT 162
text: John approaches Connie at her desk. But before he can say a
text: word, she jumps up:
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Do you know that woman?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What woman?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 162
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: The one that just walked past you as you
dialog: came in...
text: He and Connie go to the glass doors; they look around the
text: street, but no one is anywhere to be seen.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: That is so odd. She had long red-hair and
dialog: green eyes. Real pretty. And she was
dialog: asking about you...
text: John whips his head around to look at Connie as we...
speaker_heading: FLASHCUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY 163
text: JOHN'S MEMORY POV: The beach. Hawaii. Mary laughs, her red
text: hair and green eyes shining in the sun...
scene_heading: FLASHCUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION - NIGHT 164
text: as John dashes outside, searching the street for the Woman.
text: Connie follows him...
text: OUTSIDE THE POLICE STATION: John heads across the street to
text: the town square, turning around as he walks, his eyes
text: everywhere, scanning in all directions:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What did she say?
text: Connie struggles to keep up with him:
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: All these strange questions: What are you
dialog: writing about? Do you believe in
dialog: Prophecy? What would your reaction be if
dialog: I asked you to stop investigating Indrid
dialog: Cold -- if I said it was for your own
dialog: good?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I asked for some I.D. -- will you slow
dialog: down please?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: 164 CONTINUED: 164
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Did she give you any?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: No. She just said, “Tell John I’m sorry
dialog: for ruining everything.” And then she got
text: up and walked out.
text: John stops in his tracks and whips around, staring at Connie.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What's wrong?
text: For a moment John can't speak. Then he claws his wallet out
text: of his coat, flips it open and thrusts it at Connie:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Was it her?
text: Connie focuses on a wallet-size snapshot of Mary Klein -- and
text: her eyes go wide in shock: This is the woman.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Was it her?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: That's your wife?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (on fire)
dialog: It was her.
text: Connie slowly shakes her head. This is impossible...
text: And just that fast, doubt forms in her eyes.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I’m not sure.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I mean -- the hair is different, and...
text: John stares at her in disbelief: she’s convincing herself
dialog: that it wasn’t Mary she saw.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh, come on.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: g1
speaker_heading: 164 CONTINUED: (2) 164
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: 165
dialog: You saw her! This is the woman you saw!
text: The crazed look on John’s face scares the hell out of her.
text: There’s no way she’s buying into all this.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: No it isn’t, John. I agree, there is
dialog: a...a similarity, maybe, but --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Bullshit!
text: This hits Connie like a slap in the face. She struggles to
dialog: maintain her calm.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: John -- tell me you’re okay.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’m not okay. You saw her. You know you
dialog: did.
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Don’t do this to me. Not you.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Please John -- tell me you're okay.
text: John shakes his head; he’s never felt more alone in his life.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I gotta go.
text: John storms off, leaving Connie standing in the middle of the
dialog: town square.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL - FRONT DESK - NIGHT 165
dialog: John approaches the Clerk:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Any calls to room 124 today?
text: The clerk checks the electronic switchboard:
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: No sir.
dialog: 166
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 166
text: John enters. The PHONE RINGS. He looks at ti >» answering
text: machine: the number ‘9’ flashes insistently.
text: John slowly approaches the phone and picks it up...
text: AN EAR-SHATTERING BEEP -- he slams the receiver down.
text: John hits the “playback” on his answering machine. It rewinds
text: and plays: More BEEPING...Odd electronic MUSIC...A strange,
text: high-pitched rhythmic MURMUR...
dialog: What the hell does all this mean?
text: The PHONE RINGS. He hesitates, then picks it up. It’s a high-
text: pitched CHORUS OF VOICES.
speaker_heading: VOICES (V.0.)
dialog: Are you John Klein?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: VOICES (V.0O.)
dialog: Mr. Klein...
text: And now the VOICES slow down and deepen:
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Sorry...I...ruined... everything...
text: John slams down the phone. He's shaking now, in a full sweat.
dialog: But now he has an idea...
text: He removes the tape from the answering machine and inserts it
text: into his PORTABLE MINI-RECORDER.
text: He cues the tape to the HIGH-PITCHED RHYTHMIC MURMUR message,
text: then plays it through three or four times, listening closely
dialog: for words, voices -- anything.
text: Nothing. Just the odd murmuring noise.
text: The PHONE RINGS. John lets it ring, waiting for the machine
text: to pick up -- then realizes he’s removed the tape. Damn. He
dialog: really doesn’t want to answer the phone...
dialog: But he has to.
text: He reaches for it, his hand literally shaking. He picks it
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 166
text: It’s the high pitched CHORUS OF VOICES again:
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.) (cont'd)
dialog: Sorry I ruined everything...Sorry I
dialog: ruined everything...Sorry I ruined
dialog: everything...
text: He slams down the phone. It immediately rings again. He backs
dialog: away.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL - FRONT DESK - NIGHT 167
text: John staggers to the desk, his body rigid with fear.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I have to leave for awhile. I’m not sure
dialog: when I‘11 be back, but until I am could
dialog: you please make sure no one goes into my
dialog: room? Not the maid -- not anyone.
text: The clerk looks at John and doesn’t like what he sees.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Are you okay, Mr. Klein?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I just need to get away from here.
text: And with that, John leaves.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S CAR - NIGHT 168
text: John drives like a bat out of hell, gripping the wheel
text: tightly. He passes a sign: “Welcome to Kentucky.”
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S CAR - LATER 169
text: Still forging ahead aimlessly into the night. John fights
text: exhaustion and paranoia. Another sign whizzes past: “You are
dialog: leaving Kentucky -- Welcome to Indiana.’
scene_heading: EXT. TRAVEL LODGE - CLARION, INDIANA - NIGHT 170
text: Three hours and 269 miles away from Point Pleasant. John
text: pulls into the motel driveway and parks.
text: He climbs out of his car, stiff and sore, unable to drive
text: another foot. He wanders exhausted into...
scene_heading: INT. TRAVEL LODGE LOBBY - SAME 171
text: John approaches the YOUNG WOMAN at the counter.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: 171 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I just need...whatever you've got.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: No problem.
text: He hands her his credit card. The woman runs his card, then
text: freezes. She looks up at him:
speaker_heading: WOMAN (cont ‘d)
dialog: You're John Klein?
text: John’s eyes snap open. The woman laughs, incredulous:
speaker_heading: WOMAN (cont’d)
dialog: Oh my god...
text: She pulls out a thick stack of pink message slips.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (cont'd)
dialog: We've been getting these for the past two
dialog: days. .
text: This can’t be happening. John takes the stack of messages,
text: hands trembling...
text: They all say the same thing: “Call me. Urgent. Mary Klein.”
scene_heading: 172 EXT. PHONE BOOTH - TRAVEL LODGE PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: John grips the receiver, hovering on the edge of panic. He
text: fumbles Albert Leek’s business card out of his pocket and
dialog: dials the number:
speaker_heading: LEEK (0.S.)
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: What!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: Mr. Leek? It’s John, I --
speaker_heading: LEEK (0.S.)
dialog: For God sake, stop calling me! I told you
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: -- What? --
speaker_heading: LEEK (0.S.)
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: -- I told you I don’t know Indrid Cold --
dialog: 171
dialog: 172
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 172
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh my God...
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: And TI don’t want to!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I_never cal Us
text: Silence on the line. They both know who’s been calling.
speaker_heading: LEEK
dialog: I told you, I got outta this shit years
dialog: ago, and I don’t want to go back,
text: Leek hangs up.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S MOTEL ROOM - POINT PLEASANT - NIGHT 173
text: It’s still dark out. John enters like he’s walking into a
text: snake pit. He quickly knocks the phone off the hook before it
text: has a chance to ring. He looks around the room...
text: JOHN'S POV: Mothman drawings, photos, maps, charts, books --
text: it looks like a lunatic’s office.
text: John comes to a decision: there’s only one thing to do.
text: John opens a box of 40-gallon trash bags. He shakes one open
text: and slowly begins stuffing it.
text: He starts with the photos, next go the note cards. Then the
text: maps and charts. He begins moving faster and faster.
text: He furiously jams faxes and articles into the bag. Finally,
text: he rips THE MOTHMAN DRAWINGS off the wall and tears them up.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL - NIGHT (CONTINUOUS) 174
text: John throws a huge armload of trash in a dumpster behind the
dialog: motel.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S MOTEL ROOM -NIGHT 175
text: Riding the momentum, picking up steam, John storms through
text: the room, dismantling the headquarters with glee.
text: Suddenly, a POLAROID PICTURE falis from the wall onto the
text: desk in front of him. He freezes -- then relaxes: it’s the
text: one of him and Mary in Hawaii. He smiles.
text: Finally, it seems like it might be okay. He stares at this
text: island of normalcy in a room packed with madness.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 175
text: Then his smile dies and his eyes fill with growing dread. aS
text: WE MOVE AROUND BEHIND HIM we see why:
scene_heading: JOHN'S OV - THE POLAROID: In the upper corner, above John’s
dialog: shoulde:, we see something in the sky that has never been in
dialog: the picture before...
text: A tiny, bird-like figure with two red, glowing eyes.
text: John sinks’to the floor, gripping the picture. Even here --
text: in his memories -- he isn’t safe.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: No, no, no...
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 176
text: FADE UP on the same shot. Later.
text: John sits in the dark room clutching his portable mini-
text: recorder and playing the HIGH-PITCHED MURMUR over and over...
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S MOTEL ROOM - MORNING 177
text: John hasn’t moved. Dawn is breaking. John sits, half-asleep,
text: the recorder still playing in his hands. But the batteries
text: are dying and the tape plays slowly, the hi-pitched murmur
dialog: now sounding like...a voice?
text: THE PHONE RINGS.
text: Startled, John jolts awake and grabs the receiver:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What?
dialog: It’s Cyrus Bills, John’s editor from the Post:
speaker_heading: CYRUS (0.S.)
dialog: It's me, Cyrus...
text: John tries to clear his head -- what is that weird noise? He
text: realizes his mini-recorder is still playing...
speaker_heading: CYRUS (0.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: John? Is that you?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: Yeah, yeah, it’s me...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 177
speaker_heading: CYRUS (0.S.)
dialog: Look, John, I didn’t mean to call so
dialog: early, but it’s the only way I knew I'd
dialog: catch you...John! You there?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, yeah, what?
speaker_heading: CYRUS (0.S.)
dialog: This is important. Governor McCallum is
dialog: touring the Alanco Chemical Plant today,
dialog: right there where you are. I need you
dialog: there. Are you listening?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: McCallum, at the chemical plant. Got it.
text: But John’s attention is now riveted to his tape player: as
text: the batteries continue to run down, the sound of a VOICE
text: becomes even clearer...
text: John holds the recorder to his free ear, straining to hear.
speaker_heading: CYRUS (0.S.)
dialog: I need to know you're going to be
dialog: there...
text: John pays no attention, the VOICE becomes clearer every
dialog: second...
speaker_heading: CYRUS (O.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: John?...
text: John sets the receiver down on the ground, forgetting about
text: it completely, and turns the volume of the mini-recorder all
text: the way up to “10”.
text: The VOICE on the tape -- now a low-pitched drone -- is
text: perfectly clear and very familiar: It is Indrid Cold.
speaker_heading: INDRID COLD (V.0.)
dialog: {on tape)
dialog: Great tragedy on River-Ohio. Great
dialog: tragedy on River-Ohio. Great tragedy on
dialog: River-Ohio...
text: We hear Cyrus shouting to John through the discarded phone
text: receiver, but John listens to the tape, transfixed.
scene_heading: INT. CONNIE PARKER’S HOUSE - MORNING 178
text: John follows Connie around as she gets ready for work.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 178 CONTINUED:
dialog: 98.
dialog: 178
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: John, I can’t just call in sick because
dialog: you have a bad feeling about today.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Think about it: the weird lights in the
text: sky show up over the chemical plant. Josh
dialog: got a call from me -- which wasn’t from
dialog: me ~- where I talked about somethin~ bad
dialog: happening at the chemical plant. Th - I
dialog: got a call from Indrid Cold talking isout
dialog: a tragedy on the Ohio River, and guess
dialog: what's on the Ohio River?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: The chemical plant.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And today Governor McCallum is going to
dialog: be there. I was on my way to interview
dialog: him last week when I ended up here in the
dialog: first place. All the pieces fit -- it
dialog: explains everything!
text: Connie stops getting ready and turns to him:
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: What about Josh's phone calls? Or Holly’s
dialog: burns? How does all that fit in?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don’t know exactly. It must all be part
dialog: of the warning.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How many sightings of Mothman have you
dialog: logged down at the station?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: I don’t know...thirty, forty...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: God-damnit! Come on -- something
dialog: terrible’s going to happen -- we have to
dialog: leave town. Now.
text: Connie turns to him, angry and scared:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 178 CONTINUED:
dialog: 99.
dialog: (2) 178
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: No! John... I can’t live my life that
dialog: way. I can’t make decisions based on
dialog: messages from Indrid Cold. He’s real to
dialog: you. He’s not real to me.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Then at least get yourself re-assigned
dialog: off the security detail. I don’t want you
dialog: anywhere near that place today.
text: Connie sees the intensity on John’s face; it’s terrifying.
dialog: John looks
dialog: John grabs
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: What if nothing happens?
dialog: at her strangely -- this never occurred to him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: What if there’s no “great tragedy” today?
dialog: What will you do?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I... don’t know, I haven’t thought that
dialog: far, that’s not the point --
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Yeah, I think it is the point. Gordon
dialog: believed what he heard too --
text: her, enraged:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Fuck Gordon! I’'m not Gordon!! That wasn’t
dialog: my fault. I tried to help him, but he
dialog: wouldn't listen to me! I’m not going to
dialog: let the same thing happen to you!
text: Connie stares at him. The look on her face makes John take
text: his hands off her.
text: Connie turns, grabs her gun and purse, doesn’t even look at
dialog: John:
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You need to leave. If you want to talk
dialog: about this later, my shift ends at six.
dialog: 179
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLESTON AIRPORT - DAY (MOVING TO EXTERIOR) 179
text: A crush of reporters, photographers, and car--ra operators
text: traipse along with Virginia Governor Rob McCallum, his aides,
text: his official West Virginia greeters.
text: John falls in smoothly, steers through the aides with the
text: magic words, “Washington Post”, and moves up alongside the
dialog: Governor.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Good afternoon, Governor.
speaker_heading: ROB MCCALLUM
dialog: Hi, John. I missed you in Richmond.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I need to speak with you, it’s urgent.
text: John's intensity registers. McCallum’s smile wrinkles into
text: concern. He lowers his voice.
speaker_heading: ROB MCCALLUM
dialog: What’s this about, John?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It's the tour. You can’t do it, you can’t
dialog: go. The plant’s at risk.
text: An AIDE is close enough to overhear.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: (in a murmur)
dialog: -- ah, shit.
text: McCallum’s pace falters.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You need to get the place shut down for a
dialog: safety inspection.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: They‘ve done two checks already,
dialog: Governor.
text: McCallum nods at the aide. John fights down his desperation.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The plant’s going to blow up while you're
dialog: there.
text: McCallum has enough sense to keep his voice low.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: 179 CONTINUED: 179
speaker_heading: ROB MCCALLUM
dialog: There's a bomb?? -- How do you know --
dialog: are you sure??
text: The aide whips out a cell phone, and fishes his cheat sheet
text: of phone numbers from his jacket. John glances over at hin.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: (just heard, B.G.)
dialog: State Police? --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: People are going to die if you don’t
dialog: listen to me, Rob.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: (faintly, B.G.)
dialog: -- this is Governor McCallum’s chief
dialog: aide, we’re at the airport --
text: McCallum’s gaze jerks around the airport.
speaker_heading: ROB MCCALLUM
dialog: Where are the cops? What are they doing?
text: John sucks in a breath.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: They don’t know yet.
speaker_heading: ROB MCCALLUM
dialog: (startled)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: (B.G.)
dialog: -- have you received a bomb threat?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I never said it was a bomb -- it’s
dialog: something...You have to believe me.
text: And right that minute, with his messy hair and his circled
text: eyes, he’s no longer believable. McCallum’s gaze settles on
text: him. The aide’s voice is stronger.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: No?...Nothing?...Just a last minute
dialog: security check. We’re ready to roll,
dialog: thanks.
text: He flips the phone shut, shakes his head at the governor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: 179 CONTINUED: (2) 179
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to McCallum)
dialog: Hundreds of people could die -- and
dialog: you're one of them.
dialog: {to the aide)
dialog: So are you --
text: McCallum blows out a sad breath.
speaker_heading: ROB MCCALLUM
dialog: You're messing up here, John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I have information.
speaker_heading: ROB MCCALLUM
dialog: You didn’t eall the police.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: ..-My source is psychic.
text: The aide is so relieved he sniggers.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, I know how this sounds -- but many
dialog: of this person’s predictions have come
dialog: true; the plane crash in Denver last
dialog: week, the earthquake in Ecuador.
text: McCallum and the Aide exchange concerned glances.
speaker_heading: MCCALLUM
dialog: I appreciate your concern --
text: John stands and makes a final dramatic plea:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That’s not good enough. Cancel the tour.
dialog: Insist that the plant be shut down
dialog: immediately. You‘ll be a hero.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Please Governor. Something terrible is
dialog: going to happen. I_know_ it.
scene_heading: 180 EXT. CHARLESTON AIRPORT - DAY 180
text: They have reached the Governor's limo. McCallum squeezes his
text: eyes shut, drops his chin to his chest for an instant, looks
text: up at John again.
speaker_heading: ROB MCCALLUM
dialog: Here’s what I’m going to do.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 180
text: John’s shoulders relax; he’s convinced him.
speaker_heading: ROB MCCALLUM (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m going to go meet Governor Harris at
dialog: the State House...I’m going to drink
text: lukewarm coffee from a good china cup and
dialog: not spill the crumbs from the cookies
dialog: they’ve baked...and then we’re going to
text: ride in a limousine out to the chemical
dialog: plant and shake hands with every willing
dialog: man and woman there...because I don’t
dialog: intend to end up as a front page joke!
text: We follow McCallum into his
speaker_heading: LIMOUSINE
speaker_heading: MCCALLUM
dialog: (into car phone)
dialog: Get Cyrus Bills on the phone for me.
text: As the limo speeds away, John disappears through the back
dialog: window.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY BAR - CHARLESTON HYATT - 12:30 P.M. 181
text: John enters and sits at the bar. A BASKETBALL GAME plays on
text: the TV, and stock quotes scroll across an LED SCREEN
dialog: underneath.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Bartender)
dialog: Scotch, no ice. You mind turning on the
dialog: news?
text: The Bartender looks up at the game then back to John. He
text: reluctantly turns the channel.
scene_heading: LOBBY BAR - LATER 182
text: And a few scotches down. ON TV, the LOCAL NEWSCAST features a
dialog: report on car adoptions.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Hey, can I at least check the score?
text: John pushes his empty glass at the bartender.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No. And do me again.
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
dialog: 186
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: LOBBY BAR - 5:00 P.M. 183
text: It’s dark row. The bar is empty. John is drunk. He stares at
text: the TV as “::e EVENING NEWS comes on.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the Bartender)
dialog: Turn it up...
text: The Bartender glares at John. John smiles politely and hands
dialog: him twenty:
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: You've been very kind. I plan to write a
dialog: glowing letter to Mr. Hyatt as soon as
dialog: I’m sober. Now would you please turn up
dialog: the goddamn volume.
text: The Bartender takes the twenty and turns up the volume.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON TV (INTERCUT) 184
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: {on TV)
dialog: Our top story tonight takes us to Point
dialog: Pleasant where Virginia Governor Robert
dialog: McCallum joined Governor Harris and
dialog: representatives from the state’s
dialog: Environmental Regulatory Panel to tour
dialog: the Alanco Petrochemical Plant. Tory
text: Pherris is on location in Point Pleasant.
dialog: Tory?
scene_heading: EXT. ALANCO CHEMICAL PLANT - NIGHT (INTERCUT) 185
text: The NEWS BROADCAST goes live to Tory Pherris:
speaker_heading: TORY
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: In what he’s called a “successful review
dialog: of Alanco’s recent emissions reduction
dialog: overhaul,” Governor McCallum gave high
dialog: marks to the petrochemical plant, and he
dialog: is expected to call for similar
dialog: renovations at several Virginia plants.
dialog: His tour began today at...
speaker_heading: RESUME SCENE 186
text: JOHN has already stopped listening. His attention is riveted
text: to the visual of the CHEMICAL PLANT ON TV in the background:
text: No sign of explosion, mayhem or death.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: 186 CONTINUED: 186
dialog: Time to face facts: He was wrong. Nothing happened. He
text: doesn’t know whether to be relieved or disappointed.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Son of a bitch.
text: John stares down at his scotch. RED LETTERS reflect off the
text: surface of his drink. He slowly looks up at the LED SCREEN.
text: It's flashing: SHE WILL CALL - SHE WILL CALL.
text: John turns to the Bartender who has been standing nearby.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you see that?
text: The Bartender glares at him and shakes his head.
text: A BELLHOP appears at John’s side.
speaker_heading: BELLHOP
dialog: Excuse me, Mr. Klein?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: BELLHOP
dialog: You have a message.
text: The Bellhop hands John a folded slip of paper. John opens it,
dialog: reads:
scene_heading: GEORGETOWN. FRIDAY. NOON.
text: John looks up. The Bellhop is gone.
scene_heading: 187 INT. JOHN'S ROOM - HYATT HOTEL - NIGHT 187
text: John’s luggage is on the bed; as he packs the last of his
text: things there’s a knock at the door. He opens it.
text: It’s Connie. She walks in, sees the bags:
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You're leaving. Back to Washington?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yup.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You don’t have to go, John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah. I do.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 187
dialog: 
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 187
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: If it’s about today --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: -- No, no, I just got a message...
text: John holds up THE NOTE.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont’d)
dialog: I have to get back to my apartment in
dialog: Georgetown.
text: Connie notices something odd about John: he doesn’t seem
text: upset at all. In fact, he looks more confident than ever.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: Indrid Cold says I’1l be contacted on
text: Friday at noon.
text: Connie can’t believe what she’s hearing. She watches as John
text: moves about the room with robot-like intensity.
speaker_heading: CONNIE |
dialog: Do you have any idea what's happened to
dialog: you, John? What you’ve allowed to happen?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I didn’t allow anything.
text: He tries to hand her the NOTE; she pushes it away, won’t even
text: look at it. CAMERA slowly moves in on the note...we see that
dialog: nothing is written on it
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: Don't leave. For God's sake, stop
dialog: following his orders!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I know you won’t be able to understand
dialog: this, but I can’t.
text: Connie stands in front of him, talking as slow and deliberate
text: as a hostage negotiator.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Please John. Don’t do this.
text: John doesn’t even look at her as he steps around her, grabs
text: his bags and leaves.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 187
dialog: 188
dialog: 189
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
dialog: 196
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 187
text: On the SOUND of a CHOIR singing “SILENT NIGHT”, we...
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JOHN’S APARTMENT - WASHINGTON D.C. - NIGHT 188
text: John staggers in and drops his bags. He flops onto his bed
text: fully dressed, not even removing his overcoat...
scene_heading: EXT. POINT PLEASANT TOWN SQUARE ~ DAY 189
text: Snow falls on the glowing Christmas Tree...
scene_heading: INT. POINT PLEASANT ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AUDITORIUM - DAY 190
text: We now SEE the SINGING CHOIR -- a group of SCHOOL CHILDREN on
text: stage. Right in front, Kevin Parker.
text: IN THE AUDIENCE: Connie listens, smiling and crying...
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE STATION 51 - POINT PLEASANT - DAY 191
text: Josh Jessup and the other fireman use the truck ladders to
text: place Christmas lights along the station house roof...
scene_heading: EXT. LUCY GRIFFIN’S HOUSE - BACKYARD - SUNSET 192
text: Lucy and Nat Griffin build a giant snowman with GIANT WINGS
text: AND INSECT EYES beneath the blue pine tree where Mothman
dialog: appeared just weeks ago...
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 193
text: John -- still in his clothes and overcoat from yesterday --
text: sits in complete darkness, staring at his phone...
scene_heading: INT. CONNIE PARKER'S HOUSE - NIGHT 194
text: Connie and Kevin decorate their Christmas tree. Connie stops
text: to gaze out the window; a gentle snow is falling...
scene_heading: INT. JOHN’S APARTMENT - WASHINGTON D.C. - NIGHT 195
text: John stares out the window of his apartment. Snow falls here,
text: too; but it falls hard and wet and gray...
scene_heading: INT. POINT PLEASANT CHURCH - NIGHT 196
text: Denise Smallwood sits alone in a the cavernous space;
text: candlelight flickers against the walls. She bows her head in
text: prayer, tears streaming down her cheeks...
dialog: 197
dialog: 198
dialog: 199
dialog: 200
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: EXT. ALANCO CHEMICAL PLANT/HILLS - NIGHT 197
text: Just a few cars are parked here on <his cold, crystal-clear
text: night. Connie Parker sits in her cruiser staring out at the
text: horizon over the chemical plant.
text: The CHOIR (0.S.) brings their song to its final, poignant
dialog: notes...
scene_heading: INT. JOHN’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 198
text: John is curled asleep on the cold dark living room floor...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S APARTMENT - NEXT MORNING - DAY 199
text: John looks like hell: he hasn’t shaved or changed clothes in
text: three days. He gazes at the clock -- it’s almost noon.
text: He clutches the Polaroid -- Mothman still clearly visible in
text: the sky -- and waits. As John stares at the Polaroid, the
text: Mothman’s eyes seem to stare back at him.
text: IMPOSSIBLE ANGLE on John’s face from the Mothman’s POV in the
dialog: photo.
text: THE PHONE RINGS. John pounces:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: CONNIE - AT HOME (INTERCUT CONVERSATION) 200
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Hi. It’s me.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Connie?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Yeah. Just thought we could chat for,
dialog: say, ten or fifteen minutes...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're not laughing.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm sorry, Connie. Can I call you back?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: No, you can’t. I booked you a flight.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 200 CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 109.
dialog: 200
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
text: It leaves Dulles for Columbus, Ohio at
dialog: one-forty five. I tried to get one to
dialog: Charleston, but they’re booked solid. If
dialog: you leave right now, you'll just make
dialog: it...
text: Despite everything, John is actually touched.
dialog: John’s voi
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: It's Christmas Eve, John. I miss you.
text: Kevin does, too.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I can’t.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: The hell you can’t.
dialog: ce is choked with emotion:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Connie...When Mary got sick...I kept
dialog: wishing there was something I could do to
dialog: stop it. Anything. But there wasn’t. It
dialog: was like there was this train coming
dialog: straight for me and I could see it but no
dialog: Matter what I did I couldn’t get out of
dialog: its way...I couldn’t stop it.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: No one can stop it John. Look, planes are
dialog: going to crash. Earthquakes are going to
dialog: happen. People you know and love are
dialog: going to die, and no matter what that
dialog: fucking alien tells you, there’s nothing
dialog: you can do about it. You can’t save the
dialog: world, John. All you can do is try to
dialog: survive it.
text: Tears run down John's face. He forces out the words:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It’s one year to the day. He told me she
dialog: was going to call. He said Mary was going
dialog: to call with the message.
text: A long beat of silence.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 200
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 200
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: He’s lying, John. Whoever calls might
dialog: sound like her, but it’s not going to be
dialog: her. I don’t know what happens after we
dialog: die, but I’ll bet wherever Mary is now,
text: she’s nowhere near Indrid Cold.
text: John cries openly now, emotion and fear shaking him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: But what if it is her?
dialog: (almost a whisper)
dialog: I never even got to say goodbye.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: She’s dead, John.
text: A long silence as this reality finally sinks in for John --
dialog: maybe for the first time ever.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (cont‘d)
dialog: (cont'd)
dialog: The only question now is how you want to
dialog: remember her.
text: John looks at the crumpled Polaroid. Just the three of them:
text: John, Mary -- and Mothman.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I miss her so much...
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I know you do. You can miss her here just
dialog: as easily as there. Maybe more easily,
dialog: cause you're all alone there, and that’s
dialog: no way to be.
text: Another silence. Then:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I miss you, too.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (kindly)
dialog: Do whatever you have to do. I'll
dialog: understand. But down here, we have dinner
dialog: at six and do presents at eight. We’ll be
dialog: waiting for you.
text: And with that, Connie hangs up. John slowly sets down the
text: phone. It’s 11:59 AM.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 200
speaker_heading: 200A
dialog: lil.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 200
text: He looks at his bags, still packed, lying in the entry hall
dialog: where he dumped them three days ago.
text: John looks back at the phone. The future...Or the past? The
text: living...Or the dead? He moves for the phone -- then reaches
text: past it and grabs...
text: THE WALL CORD. He holds it, gathers his courage...And though
dialog: it might be the most painful thing he’s ever done, he takes a
text: deep breath, stands up...
dialog: t rd_out £ ali!
text: Done. He pants a bit from the emotional effort. Maybe it
dialog: wasn’t so hard after all.
text: He opens the blinds. Light fills his apartment. He looks
text: around. For the first time in days -- maybe for the first
text: time in over a year -- John Klein feels truly free.
text: His eyes land on the bags in the entry hall. John goes to
text: them, grabs them up and heads for the door.
text: THE PHONE RINGS.
text: John freezes. He turns and looks at the phone. The frayed
text: wall cord lies coiled like a snake on the floor.
text: THE PHONE RINGS.
text: He looks at the clock. It’s 12:00 exactly.
text: THE PHONE RINGS.
text: John turns away. He grips the door knob, turns it and opens
text: the door.
text: THE PHONE RINGS.
text: John steps out into the hall. And closes the door behind him
text: on the empty apartment -- and the past -- as...
text: THE PHONE RINGS, AND RINGS, AND RINGS...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON POLAROID 200A
text: Mary and John smile on the beach. As the CAMERA PULLS BACK,
text: the Mothman evaporates from the upper right hand corner,
text: leaving only clear blue sky. The Mothman is gone.
dialog: 201
dialog: 202
dialog: 203
dialog: 204
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
dialog: 
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: EXT JOHN'S APARTMENT/SKY - DAY 201
text: CAM. A CONTINUES TO PULL BACK until it moves up through the
text: ceiiing and into the sky above the apartment, above
dialog: Georgetown, into the clouds...
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY 202
text: We rise out of the clouds, following a 737 flying west.
scene_heading: INT. 737 - DAY 203
text: John glances around the cabin as passengers read their books
dialog: and newspapers, talk, listen to music.
text: J-4n closes his eyes, he sits back, relieved, smiling; he’s
text: ne longer the hunted, the nightmare is over. But as he looks
text: out the window...
scene_heading: OUT WINDOW - SKY 204
text: -. a storm is brewing over West Virginia.
scene_heading: INT. RED FORD ESCORT - HIGHWAY 35 - DAY 205
text: John peers past the icy, dry snow blasting across the
text: windshield. He fights to keep the car on the road, inching
text: along at 45 M.P.H. The radio report is grim:
speaker_heading: RADIO NEWSMAN (V.O.)
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: ..-national weather service is calling
dialog: for increased snow through tonight and...
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - TOLL BOOTH - DAY 206
text: John's car exits the highway, passing through the same eerie
text: tool booth as several days earlier.
speaker_heading: RADIO NEWSMAN (V.0O.)
dialog: (continuous)
dialog: ..-mational weather service is calling
dialog: for increased snow through tonight and...
dialog: ...into tomorrow along the Ohio River
dialog: Valley. Ten to twelve inches is expected
dialog: before...
text: John sees a MILEAGE SIGN loom up out of the snowy haze:
text: “Point Pleasant, W.Va. - 71 miles.” He checks the clock: 4:20
text: p.m. John eases the car up to 50 M.P.H....
dialog: 
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
dialog: 209
dialog: 210
dialog: 211
dialog: 212
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - COMING INTO POINT PLEASANT - LATER 207
text: Snow falls in gray flurries as John’s car makes its way
text: across the final mile of Gallipolis, Ohio and approaches the
dialog: Ohio River and the 700 foot span of...
text: THE SILVER BRIDGE leading into Point Pleasant.
text: John’s car pulls up behind a line of cars stopped on the hill
text: leading down to the red light before the bridge.
scene_heading: INT. FORD ESCORT 208
text: John looks at the clock: 5:55 p.m. He may be late for dinner,
dialog: but not by much...
text: He happily drums on the steering wheel. “Have Yourself A
text: Merry Little Christmas” floats from the radio.
dialog: John waits...
scene_heading: EXT. SILVER BRIDGE - DUSK 209
text: Traffic is backed-up in both directions. Cars are loaded with
text: people -- on their way home, on their way to parties, on
text: their way to the mall for some last minute shopping.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CRUISER 210
text: Connie sits in her cruiser, mid-span. She impatiently drums
text: her fingers on the steering wheel. People in other cars stare
text: at her - after all, she is a cop.
text: This is getting ridiculous...she turns on her flashers and
text: gets out of her car.
text: ON THE BRIDGE 211
text: Connie stands on tip-toes, looking down the long line of cars
text: to see what the hold up is. Far ahead, down at the Point
text: Pleasant end of the bridge, she sees...
text: A SIGNAL LIGHT: It’s red -- and shows no sign of changing.
text: Connie turns and gazes back down at...
text: THE OHIO END OF THE BRIDGE: Another red light. Connie barely
text: registers the Ford Escort waiting there, on the road leading
text: to the bridge.
scene_heading: INT. FORD ESCORT 212
text: John is getting antsy. What’s with the light? A burst of
text: static fogs the radio. He shuts it off, annoyed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 212
dialog: 213
dialog: 214
dialog: 215
dialog: 
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 212
text: And in the sudden silence, he hears it. A SOUND. A faint
text: sound. A familiar sound...
scene_heading: ON THE BRIDGE . 213
text: Connie stands in the cold wind -- and hears the sound, too. A
text: low MOAN that rises to an eerie SHRIEK.
text: She looks around -- where the hell is that sound coming from?
scene_heading: IN OTHER CARS: 214
text: The bizarre sound echoes...
text: Lucy Griffin and her son Nat hear it.
text: Denise Smallwood hears it.
dialog: And a dozen other people we recognize from town -- they al]
text: hear the ominous sounds...
text: HILL LEADING DOWN TO THE BRIDGE 215
text: John climbs out of his car and heads down the the bridge.
text: Twenty yards ahead, A MAN is standing beside his car.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What’s going on up there?
speaker_heading: MAN
text: Some problem with the traffic lights.
text: John walks away. The CAMERA begins to CLOSE IN on his back.
text: John stops, sensing something. The CAMERA stops.
text: John whips around, looks directly at us. The CAMERA retreats,
text: but the SOUND is unmistakable now, and getting louder.
text: Moaning, howling, shrieking...That’s when John realizes:
text: It’s the sound from Josh Jessup’s phone calls.
text: And it seems to be coming from the bridge itself.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh my God...
text: John stumbles backwards.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: {under his breath)
dialog: Great tragedy on River Ohio...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 215
dialog: 216
dialog: 217
dialog: 218
dialog: 219
speaker_heading: 220
dialog: 221
dialog: 222
dialog: 223
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 215
text: And in one blindingly clear instant, all the pieces of the
text: puzzle fall into place.
text: John looks up, drawn by the oddly familiar sight of...
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - NIGHT 216
text: ..+RED AND BLUE LIGHTS dancing on the low hanging clouds.
text: HILL LEADING DOWN TO THE BRIDGE 217
text: John’s heads snaps back down at -
text: ON THE BRIDGE 218
text: A Police Car - red and blue dome lights spinning. On the
text: bridge. Connie.
text: ROAD LEADING TO THE BRIDGE 219
text: JOHN dashes across the intersection and runs...
text: ON THE BRIDGE 220
text: John pounds on the hoods of the cars stacked up behind the
text: red light.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Go! Go! Get off the bridge!
text: IN THE CARS: People are scared and confused. First the weird
dialog: noises, now this crazy man telling them to run the red light?
dialog: What the hell is going on?
text: Most don’t bother sticking around to find out.
text: ROAD LEADING ONTO THE BRIDGE 221
text: Slowly but surely the cars begin moving off the bridge...
text: ON THE BRIDGE 222
text: As the cold wind blows and snow blasts all around him, John
text: moves along the row of cars ordering people off the bridge
text: until he reaches...
scene_heading: IN C.d.'S IMPALA 223
dialog: Remember him? He and Holly told John about their backseat
dialog: encounter just one week ago...
dialog: 224
dialog: 225
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
dialog: 230
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: ON HE BRIDGE 224
text: John pounds on C.J's window:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hurry up! Go!
scene_heading: IN C.J.'S IMPALA 225
text: But C.J. ignores John -- he’s got bigger problems...He stares
text: up at the wires and cables above the bridge.
scene_heading: BRIDGE SUPERSTRUCTURE OVERHEAD 226
text: C.J.’S POV: Shrouded in mist and snow, C.J. thinks he sees
text: something perched on a support tower. It looks kind of like a
dialog: giant bird...
text: ON THE BRIDGE 227
text: John looks back -- C.J. is blocking all the other cars. Screw
text: it -- he yanks the car door open.
dialog: C.J.
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: What the hell is that thing?!
text: John follows his terrified gaze up to...
scene_heading: BRIDGE SUPERSTRUCTURE 228
text: THE SUPPORT TOWER: Nothing is there.
text: ON THE BRIDGE 229
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What thing? What are you --
text: He glances back at C.J. and falls silent: C.J.’s face isa
dialog: picture of abject horror...
scene_heading: BRIDGE SUPERSTRUCTURE 230
text: C.J.'S POV: In the swirling snow he sees something. Something
text: alive -- with wings and two glowing red eyes...
text: Is it Mothman? Just when the image seems to firm up, a blast
text: of snow obscures it. The shadowy figure seems to tilt it’s
text: head back and we heer a HOWLING SHRIEK...
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: 232
dialog: 233
dialog: 234
dialog: 235
speaker_heading: 235A
dialog: 236
dialog: 117.
text: ON THE BRIDGE 231
text: John hears the SNAP. He looks up at the exact spot where C.J.
text: sees the creature. And this time he does see something..
dialog: 
scene_heading: BRIDGE SUPERSTRUCTURE 232
text: A FORMLESS GRAY MASS streaking toward him from the fog.
text: It coalescés before John’s eyes, revealing itself as...
text: A SEVERED CABLE: The thick wire whip-saws like a bolt of
text: lightning just inches in front of John’s face and smashes
dialog: through...
scene_heading: INSIDE C.J.'S IMPALA 233
text: C.J.’S WINDSHIELD, instantly killing him.
text: ON THE BRIDGE 234
text: John backs away from the car in breathless horror. A giant
text: gust of wind blows. The ground sways sickly below his feet...
dialog: The bridge i 11 collaps
scene_heading: CONNIE’S END OF THE BRIDGE 235
text: The swaying is worse. Connie is thrown to the pavement -- and
text: right before her eyes she can see the asphalt cracking
text: beneath her...
text: She scrambles to her feet and runs from car to car:
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Move! Move! Get off the bridge!
speaker_heading: WIDER SHOT 235A
dialog: People are desperate to comply. Problem is, they’re in the
text: middle of the traffic jam and couldn’t go anywhere even if
dialog: they wanted to.
scene_heading: JOHN'S END OF THE BRIDGE 236
text: John can see Connie a hundred yards away at the top of the
dialog: bridge:
speaker_heading: JOHN
speaker_heading: CONNIE!
text: But his voice is lost in the freezing wind...
dialog: 237
dialog: 238
dialog: 239
dialog: 240
dialog: 241
dialog: 242
dialog: 243
dialog: 244
dialog: 245
dialog: 246
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: BRIDGE SUPERSTRUCTURE 237
text: At the top of the bridge: MORE CABLES SNAP!
text: ON THE BRIDGE 238
text: The severed cables slither and twist around the cars like
text: giant metal eels, pulverizing everything in their path!
scene_heading: THE BRIDGE - WIDER SHOT 239
text: THE PAVEMENT DROPS TEN FEET -- and JARS to a stop. This
dialog: bridge ain’t gonna make it.
text: ON THE BRIDGE 240
text: IN THE CARS: People panic. They ram into the cars ahead of
text: them in a frantic effort to get the hell off the bridge.
scene_heading: CONNIE’S END OF THE BRIDGE 241
text: Cars finally begins to move. As the logjam breaks, Connie
dialog: jumps...
scene_heading: INT. CONNIE’S CRUISER 242
text: INTO HER CRUISER: She grabs up the radio to call help,
text: looking up just as...
scene_heading: BRIDGE SUPERSTRUCTURE 243
text: A CABLE SNAKES STRAIGHT AT HER!
text: ON THE BRIDGE 244
text: Connie hurls herself to the floor of the cruiser as the cable
dialog: SHATTERS the windshield!
scene_heading: INT. CONNIE’S CRUISER 245
text: On the floor, Connie shakes off broken glass, screaming into
dialog: the radio:
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: All units! Unit 64 at the Silver Bridge
dialog: Immediate assistance required!
scene_heading: JOHN’S END OF THE BRIDGE 246
text: John frantically directs traffic around C.J.’s stopped car.
text: More and more cars make their way off the bridge...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 246
dialog: 247
dialog: 248
dialog: 249
dialog: 250
dialog: 251
dialog: 252
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 246
text: But as John looks back, he realizes it’s futile -- there’s
text: just too many cars, too many people, and not enough time. He
dialog: looks to
scene_heading: CONNIE’S END OF THE BRIDGE 247
text: In the middle of it all -- Connie -- too far away to stand a
dialog: chance.
scene_heading: JOHN’S END OF THE BRIDGE 248
dialog: It’s happening. The great tragedy is happening. And for the
dialog: second time in John’s life there's not a goddamn thing he can
dialog: do to stop it...
text: But he has to try. While everyone is moving off the bridge,
text: John starts running further on, heading straight for Connie!
scene_heading: THE CENTER OF THE BRIDGE 249
text: The pavement buckles. John stumbles. The distance between
text: them seems to stretch, and the harder John runs the slower he
dialog: goes...
text: A final agonized SHRIEK rises into the sky!
text: John skids to a stop as inches in front of his feet...
scene_heading: BRIDGE - WIDER SHOT 250
speaker_heading: E SIU AAPSES!
dialog: Ni undred tons of steel nere into th
dialog: river!
text: It’s an awesome, terrifying sight.
text: THE OTHER SIDE OF THE CRUMBLING BRIDGE 251
dialog: And in the middle of it all...
text: CONNIE’S CRUISER tumbles through space, the RED AND BLUE
text: LIGHTS unmistakably mimicking the bizarre sky lights seen
text: over the chemical factory.
scene_heading: BROKEN END OF BRIDGE 252
text: John watches in wordless terror as...
dialog: The Mo an Prophecies come t:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: 252 CONTINUED: 252
text: BE ‘ATH JOHN'S FEET: Tt. shattered asphalt crumbles. John
text: sliss, falls -- then g .:s a piecs of broken railing. He
text: clings to it desperately, looking wn just as...
dialog: 
scene_heading: 253 RIVER BELOW 253
dialog: mnie’s iser S: t urface te
scene_heading: 254 BROKEN END OF BRIDGE 254
text: John looks back. Safety is just inches away...
scene_heading: 255 RIVER BELOW 255
text: But forty feet below him Connie is sinking to the bottom of
dialog: the river. What should he do?
scene_heading: 256 BROKEN END OF BRIDGE 256
text: John lets go and drops through the silent, cold, black
dialog: space...
scene_heading: 257 RIVER SURFACE 257
text: -.-and SPLASHES into the freezing river!
speaker_heading: 258 UNDERWATER 258
text: Connie’s car sinks through the murky water...
scene_heading: 259 INT. CONNIE’S CRUISER - UNDERWATER 259
text: Connie lies unconscious on the floor of the car as it fills
dialog: with water...
speaker_heading: 260 UNDERWATER 260
text: John frantically swims down into the dark water, searching
dialog: for Connie. He sees...
scene_heading: 261 RIVER BOTTOM - UNDERWATER 261
text: LUCY GRIFFIN’S CAR glide silently to the river bottom...
scene_heading: 262 INT. LUCY GRIFFIN’S CAR - UNDERWATER 262
text: Lucy sees Nat belted into his seat, unconscious. She reaches
text: over, unbelts him, then grabs his head and forces her last
text: breath of air into his lungs.
text: Nat coughs, begins to awaken.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 262
dialog: 263
dialog: 264
dialog: 265
speaker_heading: 266
speaker_heading: 267
speaker_heading: 268
speaker_heading: 269
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 262
text: Lucy, working on pure adrenaline, leans past him, shoves open
text: his door and pushes him out of the car.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER 263
text: Nat thrashes in the water, when out of the darkness --
text: HANDS GRAB HIM: John’s hands. He grips Nat and heads for the
dialog: surface.
scene_heading: INT. LUCY GRIFFIN'S CAR - UNDERWATER 264
text: Her son safe, Lucy moves to follow. But she glances up to see
text: a DARK SHAPE descend from above...
scene_heading: RIVER BOTTOM - UNDERWATER 265
text: A GIANT METAL SUPPORT BEAM slices through the water. It
text: crushes Lucy’s car -- and everything inside.
speaker_heading: RIVER SURFACE 266
text: John and Nat break through, gasping. It takes a moment before
text: John notices the surreal scene around them...
text: BRIGHTLY WRAPPED CHRISTMAS PRESENTS: They bob in the water at
text: eye-level against a steel gray sky...
text: Connie’s VOICE echoes in his mind:
speaker_heading: CONNIE (V.O.)
dialog: And somehow I knew I was dying.
text: John’s mind reels with terror:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Nat)
dialog: Can you make it to shore?
text: Nat nods weakly and swims off as John ducks back down...
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER 267
text: John opens his eyes, scans the murky water for any sign of
text: Connie. Then he sees it...
scene_heading: RIVER BOTTOM - UNDERWATER 268
text: FAR BELOW: The distant glare of RED AND BLUE LIGHTS.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER 269
text: John darts down through the water to...
dialog: 270
dialog: 271
dialog: 272
speaker_heading: 273
dialog: 274
dialog: 122.
scene_heading: INT. CONNIE’S CRUISER - UNDERWATER 270
text: ohn sli.hers in through the broken windshield. But Connie
text: isn't there. Then he sees her on the floor, her body still.
text: He grabs her, wraps his arms around her, then maneuvers them
text: both out through the windshield.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER 271
text: John scissors his legs, clawing at the water, hanging onto
text: Connie, swimming straight up, desperately moving toward...
speaker_heading: RIVER SURFACE 272
text: John and Connie burst into the cold air. John holds Connie's
dialog: head up above the water and we...
scene_heading: RIVER AND COLLAPSED BRIDGE - OVERHEAD 273
scene_heading: PULL BACK ABOVE THEM TO SEE: PIN-POINTS OF LIGHT surrounding
text: them in the river. Just like Connie’s dream. But now it is
text: clear that the lights are headlights shining up from the
dialog: bottom of the river...
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK - NEARBY - LATER 274
text: Dozens of firemen and rescue workers tend to the injured as
text: CARS and BODIES are pulled from the river.
text: ON THE RIVER BANKS: The Coroner’s Men tend to the dead,
text: lining them up in body bags along the river's edge...
text: FURTHER DOWN: Denise Smallwood holds a sobbing Nat Griffin...
text: AND STILL FURTHER DOWN: John Klein waits while paramedics
text: finish wrapping Connie’s fractured arm in a temporary cast
text: and dressing several cuts and wounds.
text: Finally, one nods at him: he can talk to her now.
text: John rushes to her side, holds her.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You're here.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I left D.C. just after you called.
text: He looks into her eyes. She seems confused.
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: 274
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 274
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: You did call me today, didn’t you?
text: Connie smiles up at him.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I sure did.
text: A SQUAD CAR pulls up; Kevin leaps out and runs to Connie.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Mom!
text: He crashes into her, hugs her fiercely.
speaker_heading: KEVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: I... I was afraid that...
text: He bursts into tears. Connie holds him, calms him.
text: John watches mother and son hold each other, overwhelmed with
dialog: relief that the incredibly fine line between miracle and
dialog: disaster in their lives didn’t get crossed.
text: Connie looks out across the devastated landscape; they are
text: surrounded by close to a_ hundred survivors, wrapped in
text: blankets, some already bandaged, others being tended to.
dialog: We recognize many who escaped tragedy thanks to John's
dialog: warnings.
text: She reaches out a hand. John takes it. Then he puts an arm
text: around both her and Kevin.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Connie, remember when I said I was
dialog: brought here for a reason?
text: Connie looks into his eyes.
text: John leans in close, pressing his lips to hers. They kiss,
text: both knowing the answer.
text: Fire Chief Josh Jessup threads his way through the impromptu
text: field hospital. He trudges up to John, looking exhausted.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: How bad is it?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Bad. Though I suppose it could have been
dialog: a lot worse. You saved a lot of lives
dialog: today, John.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: 274 CONTINUED: (2) 274
dialog: 275
speaker_heading: 276
text: Josh gestures to the people standing around them.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Are they done searching?
speaker_heading: JOSH
text: Yeah. They just pulled out the last body.
dialog: That makes thirty-six.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Jesus...
text: Connie’s face goes white -- but for a very different reason.
dialog: John sees this:
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: {almost to herself)
dialog: Wake up Number 37...
text: A chill of recognition runs through John...
text: He holds Connie and Kevin close to him, knowing that all
dialog: answers will come, eventually...
text: But for now, the only answers that count are sitting with him
text: -- alive -- on the banks of the Ohio River, just outside
dialog: Point Pleasant, West Virginia.
scene_heading: EXT. OHIO RIVER - (HELICOPTER SHOT) 275
text: AS WE PULL BACK HIGH ABOVE THEM...
text: The drowned headlights and emergency flashers look just like
dialog: distant stars...
text: The dark sky begins to rip and tear, ELECTRIC FLASHES sear
text: our eyes with brilliant phosphorescent colors.
text: WITH THE SOUND OF A WING FLAP, we're swallowed up into a
text: black void. The Mothman has left our world.
scene_heading: BEGIN ON-SCREEN TITLES: 276
text: Thirty six people died in the collapse of the Silver
dialog: Bridge. The final cause was blamed on overdue
dialog: maintenance and metal fatigue. A contributing factor
text: was the malfunction of the stoplights at either end,
dialog: the cause of which was never determined.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: 276 CONTINUED: 276
dialog: Mothman was never seen in Point Pleasant again.
text: However, sightings of giant bird-like creatures
dialog: continue to be reported throughout the world. The
dialog: most recent include Rome, Mexico City, Baghdad and
dialog: Los Angeles.
dialog: “To reach the end of knowing, is to reach the start
dialog: of living.”
dialog: -- The Tibetan Book of the Dead
scene_heading: FADE TO END CRAWL:
dialog: 
