scene_heading: TRI-STAR PICTURES
speaker_heading: NOVEMBER 15, 1993
text: THE MIRROR HAS TWO FACES
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Richard LaGravenese
speaker_heading: FADE IN :
scene_heading: INT. GREGORY LARKIN'S BEDROOM - MORNING.
scene_heading: C.U. - RADIO/ALARM CLOCK. It reads 7:00 AM. The radio/alarm
text: goes off playing a BACH SONATA. Gregory's hand enters from 0S
dialog: to shut it off.
scene_heading: INT. ROSE MORGAN'S BEDROOM - MORNING.
scene_heading: C.U. - RADIO/ALARM CLOCK. It reads 7:00 AM. The radio/alarm
text: clock goes off playing JANIS JOPLIN'S "PIECE OF MY HEART".
text: Rose's hand enters from OS, to raise the volume.
scene_heading: CREDITS ROLL OVER MONTAGE:
text: As Gregory and Rose prepare for their day, WE INTERCUT
text: between the two, yet never revealing their faces. We hear
scene_heading: ROSE MORGAN IN VOICE OVER as:
text: - We see Gregory, after showering, methodically folding his
text: towels then opening his medicine cabinet where we find
text: perfectly ordered rows of products organized according to
text: their category - a row of medicines, a row of colognes, a row
dialog: of shaving products.
speaker_heading: ROSE (V.0.)
dialog: "He bathed in sacred preparation of
dialog: the precious courtship to come ...
text: ~ We see Rose's messy bathroom, with towels on the floor and
text: a cup of coffee balancing precariously on the sink.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: “She anointed herself with holy,
dialog: scented oil ..."
text: Rose slaps on Baby Powder, choking from the dust.
text: - We see Gregory tip-toeing through his bedroom so as not to
text: disturb a BLONDE WOMAN sleeping in his bed. He opens a bureau
text: drawer revealing perfectly arranged, color coded socks.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: " ... For him there would be no
dialog: other, for it had been written and
dialog: ordered thus ..."
text: ~ Rose stands with her back to camera, as she struggles to
text: put on panty hose while the VO narrates:
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: ",.. That She, the Queen of Heaven,
dialog: would look in sweet wonder upon only
dialog: him..."
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: - We see GREGORY LARKIN, dressed in a sports jacket and tie,
text: washing his coffee cup before placing it in the dishwasher.
text: He exits the kitchen to the hall and checks himself in an
text: antique mirror. He is a handsome man in his forties - round
text: wire rimmed glasses, thick wavy hair, well built. He exudes
dialog: control and order and intelligence.
text: - We see an antique vanity. Camera opens on a drawer filled
text: with un-opened beauty products and cosmetics as well as
text: packages of donuts, cookies and candies. Rose's hand reaches
text: in and pauses. We don't know whether she is reaching for a
text: lipstick or an coffee cake. Finally, the hand grabs the
text: coffee cake and closes the drawer. Camera follows her hand as
text: she places the coffee cake into a tote bag filled with books
text: and notebooks. Camera angles on the double mirror atop the
text: messy vanity to reveal ROSE MORGAN as she looks at herself.
text: Slightly overweight by today's standards, she wears no make-
text: up and a formless dress. Her mousy brown stringy hair hangs
text: straight in a blunt cut so she can run her hands through it
text: when she talks excitedly. Rose is a funny, vibrant,
text: intelligent woman in her forties, who clearly spends her
dialog: passions on ideas instead of appearances - partly out of
dialog: necessity. Beauty has never been a quality anyone attributed
text: to Rose. As she sits gazing at her reflection, ‘wondering if
text: she should fix herself up any further, WE HEAR HER VOICE OVER:
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd; V.0.)
dialog: "For they had spoken the word ... And
dialog: the word they had spoken was a word
dialog: of desire ... "
text: She waves her hand at her reflection in a carefree manner as
text: if to say, “Why bother?". She exits.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY - DAY.
text: A beautiful fall day. The beginning of the school year.
speaker_heading: ROSE (V.0.)
dialog: "Before the open door he cried out -
dialog: “Open thy heart My Lady, Open thy
dialog: Heart' ...
scene_heading: INT. ENGLISH & LITERATURE DEPT. - DAY.
text: Classes are in session. The hallway is quiet. We pass
text: classrooms with small signs on the windows ; THE
scene_heading: EXISTENTIALISTS LT134 ... HEMINGWAY, FACT OR FICTION?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: LT136 ... HENRY JAMES, PORTRAIT OF AN ERA LT 138 ...
speaker_heading: ROSE (V.0.)
dialog: "Tnanna appeared shining before him
dialog: like the light of the moon ... "
text: Our Camera reaches the classroom entitled "LOVE STORIES; FROM
text: STAR CROSSED LOVERS TO FATAL ATTRACTIONS " LT. 140.
scene_heading: INT. ROSE MORGAN'S CLASS ~ DAY
text: Camera pans the students who are captivated by Rose, reading
text: in front of the room.
speaker_heading: ROSE (0.S.)
dialog: "Tnanna spoke: As for me, the young
dialog: woman - Who will plow my high field
dialog: ... Who will plow my wet ground ...
dialog: Who will plow my holy vulva!"
dialog: (comments)
dialog: Isn't that great?!
text: The students laugh. Camera pans to front of the the room.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: “He replied, "Queen of Heaven, I,
dialog: Dumuzi, will! ... Inanna commanded -
dialog: “Then plow my vulva, man of my heart!
text: The class laughs as we arrive on ROSE MORGAN - standing on a
text: desk, reading aloud from a book. Behind her hangs a map of
dialog: Ancient Sumeria.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: Wouldn't it be wonderful to say that
dialog: to a man!? I have a dinner date
dialog: tonight, maybe I'll work it into the
dialog: conversation during dessert ...
dialog: (play-acts)
dialog: "tT was thinking that maybe after
dialog: coffee you'd like to come home and
dialog: plow my holy vulva."
text: The class acts more like an audience at a comedy club. Rose
text: is full of enthusiasm and love for her students.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: The class
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: It's not really a date though. He's
dialog: not my type - but he's been asking me
dialog: for months so I figured the only way
dialog: to get rid of him was to actually go
text: out with him.
dialog: (big laughs)
dialog: (continues reciting)
dialog: "He shaped my loins with his fair
dialog: hands..He filled my lap with cream
dialog: and milk..." O000000... "He laid me
dialog: down on the fragrant honey~bed"
dialog: «+.Don't you love that?! ... "My
dialog: honey~man sweetens me always ... He
dialog: is the one my womb loves best ...
dialog: Tongue playing, one by one ... My
dialog: fair Dumuzi did so fifty times"...
dialog: (closes book)
dialog: FIFTY TIMES. You've got to love the
dialog: guy! Inanna is considered by many to
dialog: the first love story ever written -
dialog: A Sumerian epic dated around 2000
dialog: B.C. And as you will see in many
dialog: Goddess mythologies, our players will
text: consist of an older female with a
dialog: beautiful younger male whose sole
dialog: purpose was to serve the divine womb!
dialog: Now, looking over some of the more
dialog: modern love mythologies ~ including
dialog: recent film - I want a comparative
dialog: essay examining how the male/female
dialog: roles have shifted and I want the
dialog: title of the essay to be - WHAT THE
dialog: HELL HAPPENED?!
text: breaks up with laughter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GREGORY LARKIN'S CLASSROOM - DAY.
text: GREGORY LARKIN teaches a room full of students. He is
text: extremely awkward and pedantic as a teacher. The atmosphere
text: of this classroom is a stark contrast to Rose's.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Camera pans the rows of bored students trying hard to receive
text: the lesson, while others have given up entirely.
text: Some of the female students, however, are very interested,
text: albeit in Gregory's butt as he paces the floor, reading from
text: a text book. Their eyes never rise above his waist.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Socrates states "If measure and
dialog: symmetry...
text: Camera on a student yawning...
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd; 0.S.)
dialog: are absent from any composition...
text: An epidemic begins as another student catches the yawning
text: bug...and then another...and another as Gregory continues 0.Ss.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd; 0.8.)
dialog: -+.in any degree, ruin awaits both
dialog: the ingredients and the composition.
text: Camera angles on the various kinds of yawns each student
text: creates - wide yawns, small yawns, double yawns, triple
text: yawns...
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd; 0.S.)
dialog: Measure and symmetry are beauty and
dialog: virtue the world over." Now what he
dialog: is saying here?
text: Gregory looks to his class and, together with every student,
text: YAWNS. There is complete silence as everyone participates.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BLOOMINGDALES COSMETICS DEPT. - LATE AFTERNOON.
text: Camera captures a variety of images - various women being
text: "“made~over" by cosmetic saleswomen. Giant display ads of
text: models with perfect skin and perfect hair caressing skin
dialog: lotion and perfume ... And mirrors - everywhere - to
text: illuminate the faults in every potential customer's
dialog: appearance.
text: One of the display ads is a Gap-like-Annie Lebowitz-
text: celebrity-advertisement of a stunning auburn haired woman.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: In the corner, it reads; JESSTE ARTHUR, POET/ESSAYIST for
scene_heading: ILLUMINATION COSMETICS.
text: A circular mirror on a cosmetic counter pivots down to reveal
text: Rose ~ looking at herself, in comparison to one of the
text: angelic beauties on display. Rose places her hair behind her
text: ears and smooths down her bangs ~ then gives up. The 0S VOICE
text: a SALESWOMAN from behind the counter pulls her attention.
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No. I'm just meeting someone here.
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: Well, while you wait, can I show you
dialog: some of our latest lip crayons?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No. Thank you.
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: We're offering a free skin analysis
dialog: today.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: My skin's already seeing a therapist,
dialog: thanks.
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: Did you know that Illuminations can
dialog: mix shades to match your - ...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Look - I'm meeting my sister here.
dialog: She's the one shopping. I'm sure
dialog: she'll buy everything you have. But
dialog: you're wasting your time on me. I
dialog: don't wear make-up.
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: {horrified)
dialog: My God. Never? Why?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (jokes)
dialog: It doesn't work. I still look like me
text: only in color.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: (calming her)
dialog: It's.all right, really. I have a
dialog: terrific personality.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (0.S.)
dialog: Rose?
text: Rose turns to find her sister CLAIRE - ten years Rose's
text: junior, Claire is a beautiful woman with a sinewy body and
text: sex kitten allure. Claire is carrying shopping bags.
scene_heading: EXT. CAFE ~ LATE AFTERNOON.
text: Rose and Claire sit and have coffee.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Alex and I had the most incredible
dialog: fight last night. I locked him out of
text: his own apartment. He was screaming
text: my name on the street. The cops came.
dialog: Such a mess.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: He was screaming for you on the
dialog: street? Wow! I've never seen a man
dialog: actually do that. Except once, but he
dialog: was also urinating. What was the
dialog: fight about?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: He's driving me nuts Rose. No matter
dialog: what I do, no matter where I go -
dialog: THERE HE IS! He calls me all day from
dialog: work asking me what am I doing. I was
dialog: sleeping the other night and I wake
text: up and he's staring at me!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: That's kind of sweet.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Please - it's like sleeping with a
dialog: flashlight on you. I was in the
dialog: middle of one of my lesbian fantasy
text: dreams and he's staring at me like
dialog: I'm supposed to include him!
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (cont'd)
dialog: I swear ~ if he wasn't gorgeous, rich
dialog: and straight, I wouldn't even bother.
dialog: What should I do?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You're asking me?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Yes. You've known him longer. Could
dialog: you maybe talk to him ~ tell him to
dialog: back off a little? He'd listen to you.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Back off? You're living together!
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I know. I would just like to have a
dialog: few hours a day where I completely”
dialog: forget that.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Then move out Claire! What do you
dialog: want me to say? Jesus!
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What are you getting angry about?
text: Claire looks over Rose's shoulder, unhappy by what she sees.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (Cont'd)
dialog: Oh, I don't believe this.
text: Rose turns to see ALEX approaching. Alex is an extremely
text: handsome man, late thirties-early forties, with blue eyes,
dialog: jet black
text: hair and athlete's body. Rose is clearly flustered
text: by his presence - like a woman who is afraid her true
text: feelings might show. Alex arrives at the table and kisses
text: Rose's cheek.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Hi Rose.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What did you do, follow me?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I called your mother. She told me
dialog: where Rose was. I think it's
dialog: important we talk.
speaker_heading: CLATRE
dialog: I think it's important I go to the
dialog: ladies room. ALONE! Excuse me.
text: Claire leaves in a huff. Alex pulls up a chair and sits down
text: beside Rose.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: This must seem all pretty childish to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: That's not for me to say.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It does to me. What am I doing, Rose?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Why is everybody asking me!? I feel
dialog: like the Aunt in Gigi.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I'm sorry. It's me. I don't know
dialog: what's wrong with me. If she doesn't
dialog: wake up every morning telling me how
dialog: estatic she is, I worry. I've never
dialog: behaved like this over a woman before.
text: This info doesn't exactly thrill Rose. But she attempts to
text: help, recognizing how upset he is.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Maybe you just need to relax your
dialog: grip a little, buddy. Take things for
dialog: granted a little bit more. I mean,
dialog: you're living together - what more
dialog: proof do you need?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I'm not happy Rose. I live everyday
text: worried she's going to take off.
dialog: Maybe this isn't love. Maybe it's
dialog: just obsession. Whatever it is, I
dialog: hate it.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: Rose is both surprised and thrilled to hear this.
speaker_heading: . ALEX (Cont'd)
dialog: I was thinking - maybe I should ask
dialog: her to move out for while. At least
dialog: I won't worry about her abandoning me
dialog: anymore, then she can feel what it's
dialog: like to be without me. What do you
dialog: think?
text: Rose nods, speechless. Alex takes her hand and stares at her
text: lovingly. Rose's heart races as SHE FANTASIZES Alex saying:
speaker_heading: FANTASY —
speaker_heading: ALEX (Cont'd)
dialog: She isn't you, Goddess of my heart.
dialog: Have I been so blind?
text: He reaches for her and KISSES HER PASSIONATELY.
speaker_heading: REALITY ~
speaker_heading: ALEX (Cont'd)
dialog: Thank for listening, Rose.
text: He squeezes her hand affectionately as Claire returns. Rose
text: feels self-conscious ~- as if her fantasy were seen by others.
dialog: cuUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ENDICOTT BOOK GALLERY - NIGHT.
text: Camera on a poster in the window which reads; PROF. GREGORY
scene_heading: LARKIN, PROFESSOR MATHEMATICAL SCIENCES - COLUMBIA
scene_heading: UNIVERSITY. AUTHOR OF THE NEW BEST SELLER; " ABSOLUTE TRUTH;
scene_heading: A STUDY OF THE MATHEMATICAL EQUATION CALLED CREATION". BOOK
scene_heading: SIGNING AT ENDICOTT BOOK GALLERY; 550 COLUMBUS AVE. 8 PM.
scene_heading: INT. ENDICOTT BOOK GALLERY - NIGHT.
text: A gathering of New York's intelligentsia wine and brie crowd
text: are seated in a room facing Gregory at a podium, surrounded
text: by copies of his book. He is uneasy about speaking in front
dialog: of a crowd;
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Thank you all very much. I am honored
dialog: by this warm and gracious welcome.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ii.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GREGORY (cont'd)
dialog: ..My, uh, fiance Katherine, told me
dialog: that, um... "Absolute Truth" might be
dialog: too strong for the title of a
dialog: theoretical science book.
text: Some audience giggles, including KATHERINE who sits in the
text: front row. She is the woman we saw earlier in Gregory's bed:
text: a beautiful, sweet-natured, blonde.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: My answer to her was ~ who ... who
dialog: said this was a theoretical book ...
text: Laughter. Gregory is pleased his attempt at humor paid off.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
text: As I stand here at the end of a
dialog: journey, I am reminded of something
dialog: Descartes once said -
text: Gregory, as he loses himself in these words, which obviously
dialog: mean a great deal to him;
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: «.-"For whether I am awake or
dialog: asleep - two and three always make
dialog: five and the square can never have
dialog: more than four sides and it does not
dialog: seem possible that truths so clear
dialog: and apparent can be suspected of any
dialog: uncertainty" ... Numbers and the
dialog: principles they represent are
text: unchanging and everlasting and
dialog: underlie everything we are and
dialog: everything we do. They are a
dialog: dependable constant in a
text: frighteningly undependable world. And
dialog: they have consumed my life the way I
dialog: suppdése an artist might be consumed
text: by color or a musician by harmonics.
text: Gregory stops when he sees a most unnerving sight -
text: JESSIE ARTHUR, essayist/poet, is entering from the back of
text: the room and takes a seat on the aisle. Just as in the
text: advertisement, she is a knock-out. She looks up to Gregory
text: and smiles. Gregory almost loses his train of thought
text: completely. He can't take his eyes off her.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: He accidently knocks over a water glass as he repeats himself
dialog: to find his place.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: Uh ... musician by harmonics ... This
dialog: book took over ... over five years
dialog: and it is not without a little
dialog: sadness that I say good-bye to it
dialog: consuming my days and nights. Thank
dialog: you.
text: Applause. Angle on Gregory's friend, HENRY FINE - a robust
text: Henry Miller-like middle aged professor with the libido of a
text: teenage rock star. Noticing Gregory staring at the back,
text: Henry turns to see Jesse, as does Katherine.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Oh-oh.
dialog: curt TO:
scene_heading: INT. BACK OFFICE OF ENDICOTT GALLERY - NIGHT.
text: Gregory paces as Henry enters. Gregory perks up.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Is she gone?
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: No. She's waiting to say hello.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Oh God - what am I going to do?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Will you relax! There's almost a
dialog: hundred people out there. What could
dialog: happen?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You don't know her. I'll say hello.
dialog: She'll say hello and the next thing
dialog: you know I'll be trapped, naked ina
text: hotel room with her.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Well then I suggest you stay in here
dialog: and I'll go out and say hello to her!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: a3.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I have to go to the bathroom.
text: He exits into a john. Henry talks through the door.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I thought she was living in Paris?
dialog: Why do you think she's here?
speaker_heading: GREGORY (0.S.)
dialog: To destroy me. Why else? She must
dialog: have heard I was almost happy.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Did you read her last collection? I
dialog: love a woman with a dirty mind. Makes
dialog: me hopeful I can marry one day.
text: We hear a flush, some water running as Gregory talks.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (0.S.)
dialog: You have to help me. Don't leave me
dialog: alone with her. And don't let her
dialog: come to dinner with us.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You know Katherine will invite her.
dialog: She'd invite Mrs. Oswald to John
text: John's wedding.
text: Gregory exits having splashed water on his face, leaving the
text: sides of his hair still wet with strands sticking out askew.
text: He looks a bit deranged.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: We better get out there before they
dialog: meet. How do I look?
text: Henry looks him up and down. He notices that Gregory forgot
text: to zip his fly - his white briefs showing through - but
text: decides not to teil him.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Great.
scene_heading: INT. ENDICOTT GALLERY ~ LATER.
text: Gregory and Henry enter with the reception in full swing.
text: There is no specific dialogue - just general conversation
text: throughout the room.
speaker_heading: COMTINUED
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Gregory is uncomfortable being the center of so much
text: attention. He smiles graciously. People smile back, wondering
text: why his hair is wet and his fly is open. They look over the
text: crowd-to see Jessica and Katherine talking. Katherine spots
text: them, and waves them over with a bright, smiling face. Henry
text: remarks about Katherine's sunny, innocent personality.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Poor kid - she's looks like a baby
text: seal about to be ciubbed.
text: They move through the crowd to the two women. Gregory's
text: breathing gets short. Henry is enjoying this immensely.
text: Innecent Katherine acts every bit the hostess.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: I didn't know you knew Jessica
dialog: Arthur. I use your products all the
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: They're not my products. I just did
dialog: an endorsement for them a while back.
dialog: (to Gregory)
dialog: Hello Greg. You're looking well ...
text: Jessie eyes his fly and smiles. Gregory looks down,
text: mortified, and turns to zip up as Henry introduces himself.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Hello. I'm Henry Fine.
text: Jessie just smiles, not saying hello in return.
speaker_heading: HENRY (Cont'd)
dialog: I've heard so much about you. And
dialog: I've just finished your latest
dialog: collection. Terrific stuff! I
dialog: especially like the one about the two
text: housewives who make love over a
dialog: dishwasher. Quite a fantasy.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (not liking him)
dialog: It was a metaphor.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Pity.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: We're having a little party over at
dialog: Cafe Luxemburg for Greg. Come!
text: Gregory stops breathing. Henry can't wait for an answer.
text: Jessie pauses to heighten the suspense.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: No. I have an early plane to catch.
text: Gregory and Henry are both relieved and disappointed.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (Cont'd)
dialog: Thanks anyway. I just heard through
dialog: the grapevine you were speaking
dialog: tonight, so I thought I'd just pop in
dialog: and say congratulations.
text: THEY SHAKE HANDS. Just touching her, makes him shudder.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (Cont'd)
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Nice meeting you both. Bye.
text: She walks away. Katherine gives Gregory a peck on the cheek
text: then turns to talk to a nearby friend. Henry whispers.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Well - you're in the clear.
text: But Gregory’s expression is still disturbed. He opens his
text: palm to Henry to reveal A SMALL CARD which Jessica slipped in
text: as they shook hands. Henry reads: HOTEL MARK ROOM 2718.
speaker_heading: HENRY (Cont'd)
dialog: Man - she's good.
scene_heading: INT. RABBIT IN THE HAT ~ NIGHT.
text: Rose and BARRY NEUFELD - a nerdy, bifocaled Wally Cox biology
text: professor ~ are having dinner. Suddenly, Barry looks at Rose
dialog: in surprise.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Ooo, what's that?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What?
text: He reaches over and pulls an EGG from her ear. Dreading this,
text: Rose forces herself to be impressed.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: Oh. Wow. I didn't know you were into
dialog: magic.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: There are a lot of things you don't
dialog: know about me.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I bet.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: I'm glad we finally did this. I've
dialog: cancelled so many reservations for
dialog: us, I'm going to be blacklisted at
dialog: every restaurant in town.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: I'm really sorry about that Barry.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: It's all right. You're here now.
text: Rose is getting annoyed as Barry reaches over and pulls a
text: COIN out of her other ear.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Incredible. .
text: Rose stares at him and fantasizes:
speaker_heading: FANTASY:
text: Barry raises his hands and snaps his fingers - and turns into
speaker_heading: ALEX.
speaker_heading: BARRY (0.S.)
dialog: Rose?
speaker_heading: REALITY:
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Barry looks curiously at Rose, who seems pre-occupied.
speaker_heading: . BARRY (Cont'd)
dialog: Rose? Anything wrong?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh. No. Oh, there's the waiter! Can
dialog: you pull the check out of his ear
dialog: Barry - I really have to go home.
text: Barry looks disappointed.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JESSICA'S HOTEL ROOM ~ NIGHT.
text: There is a knock on the door. Jessica, wearing a see through
text: Victoria Secret outfit, opens the door to find Gregory
text: standing helpless before her. She smiles.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Please don't do this to me.
text: Jessica quides him, helplessly, into the room.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROSE AND HANNAH'S APARTMENT - NIGHT.
text: Rose enters a long foyer of sprawling eight room apartment in
text: a traditional West End Avenue brownstone. She walks down the
text: hallways to the bedrooms, moving towards her mother Hannah's
text: room. The door is open. The light is on. Rose steps into the
text: doorway and stops.
text: HANNAH MORGAN, is a beautiful Elizabeth Taylor sixty year old
text: who is still turning heads. She wears an elegant pajama
text: outfit, sitting upright in bed with pastel pillows and
text: femininity oozing out of the wallpaper. She pauses in her
text: reading to look up at her daughter and ask about her date:
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: So?
text: Pause. They've been through this before. Hannah shrugs and
text: goes back to her reading. Rose exits.
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT.
text: Rose sits at her vanity gazing at her image:
speaker_heading: FANTASY: -
speaker_heading: ALEX (0.S.)
speaker_heading: ROOOOSSSE!
text: Rose rushes to the window. Looking out, she sees ALEX,
text: dressed like Stanley Kowalski, screaming her name on the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: ALEX (Cont'd)
text: ROSE! OPEN THY HEART TO ME THAT I
text: MIGHT PLOW THY FIELDS TIL THE SUN IS
dialog: NO MORE.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: COME, MAN OF MY HEART!
text: SUDDENLY, the door to her bedroom flies open and Alex enters.
text: They rush into each other's arms and begin making passionate
text: love on her bed. ROSE'S FANTASY DISSOLVES INTO GREGORY'S
scene_heading: REALITY AS WE -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM ~ NIGHT.
text: Gregory and Jessica ravage each other; tearing clothes,
text: devouring kisses, cries of pleasure. All the while, Gregory
text: releases something in him that is completely antithetical to
text: his college professor persona. We see an abandon and
text: fearlessness that comically borders on madness.
speaker_heading: TIME LAPSE:
scene_heading: LATER; SAME LOCATION.
text: The room looks like a bomb dropped. Clothes, furniture, bed
text: sheets, food - all tossed and strewn about. Camera finds
text: Jessie sitting naked, wearing nothing but Gregory's tie,
text: voraciously eating room service. Gregory sits against the
text: headboard, staring at her in adoration, hanging on every word.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: It was in Ravello and I happened to
dialog: follow this nice looking middle aged
text: woman into a church. I saw her take
dialog: out this crumpled piece of paper,
dialog: kiss it, leave it in the pew and walk
dialog: out. So of course I had to look ...
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: COWTIMUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: JESSIE (cont'd)
dialog: and what it was, was a novena - with
dialog: instructions, in Italian, "leave this
dialog: in the church on the ninth day of the
dialog: month". And the prayer was, “Dear God
dialog: ++. Please bring him back to me"
dialog: written three times in a row. Now,
dialog: you know me, I had find this woman so
dialog: I caught up with her in the market
dialog: place and I told her I was a writer
dialog: for some Christian paper in America
dialog: and would she talk to me. I bought
dialog: her some coffee and she told me she
dialog: was asking God to bring back her dead
dialog: husband. I said’, but do you actually
dialog: believe that your husband can rise
dialog: from the dead? She said, no, no, no
dialog: ++. She knew her husband would always
dialog: be dead but there was another man,
text: alive, who was interested in her and
dialog: she was beginning to lose the feeling
dialog: of her husband ... in her heart ...
dialog: and she was asking God to bring him
dialog: back in there ... because she had
dialog: loved him so much ... she didn't want
dialog: to forget, no matter what happened
dialog: with this new man. And I thought - my
dialog: God ... to love someone so much, you
dialog: still want the feeling
dialog: of loving them even though you know
dialog: you can never be with them again
text: Gregory is COMPLETELY MESMERIZED BY HER.
speaker_heading: JESSIE (Cont'd)
dialog: So I've started another book. And
dialog: it's about this woman. She went to
dialog: God, she told me, because when she
dialog: fell in love with her husband, she
dialog: became very religious, because she
dialog: was so grateful for such a feeling.
dialog: It was the first time she knew she
dialog: had a soul. It made me think about
dialog: us. You know, no matter how many
dialog: others I get involved with - the only
dialog: thing that makes sense to me is the
dialog: craziness we have when we're
dialog: together.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: JESSIE (cont'd)
dialog: When I think about it, this is the
dialog: longest relationship I've ever had.
text: (She devours him with
dialog: a kiss)
dialog: I sometimes think we're only ever one
dialog: whole person when we're together.
text: She devours him with a kiss. He melts. She returns to her
text: food. Gregory stares at her until he gets the nerve to ask -
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: It's a man, isn't it?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: What is?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: The reason you're here - in New York.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (hesitates, then:)
dialog: It's over ...
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Are you staying in town?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Depends. French Fry?
dialog: (He shakes no)
dialog: Are you and Katherine getting married?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Well, we reached that point where
dialog: we've been together too long. We
dialog: either had to get married or stop
dialog: seeing each other.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: So which is it going to be?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (helpless)
dialog: Why do you do this to me?
text: Jessica hesitates - knowing this moment would come.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 22.
dialog: (3)
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: You don't know what I'm like after
dialog: you leave. I nearly lost my mind last
dialog: time. I couldn't think straight, I
dialog: couldn't work, I had no control and
dialog: I didn't care. I remember teaching a
dialog: calculus class when I suddenly
dialog: thought of making love to you and I
text: had to run into the teacher's lounge
dialog: to masturbate.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You appear then disappear and in
dialog: between I fool myself with other
dialog: women. If you're going to destroy me,
dialog: then do it! Tell me I mean nothing to
dialog: you. Tell me you make love like that
dialog: with other men. Tell me you feel
dialog: nothing for me!
text: But Jessie shakes her head. She cannot tell him that. Gregory
dialog: grabs her
dialog: He kisses
text: into an embrace.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: Then marry me. Don't you see? Loving
dialog: you is my dream, my nightmare, ny
dialog: faith ... my madness ... Don't leave
dialog: me in the real world with the Godless
dialog: and the sane.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: (really impressed)
dialog: Shit!
text: her until she pulls away.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Let me ask you something Greg. You
dialog: think you'd still feel the same way
dialog: after being married a few years? Do
dialog: you think you'd still lose your mind?
dialog: I don't want to be some miserable
dialog: wife who only remembers a man loving
dialog: her this much.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Forget marriage. Just stay with me.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Then I'll make you miserable. That's
dialog: how I think real love works <
dialog: there's only ever one winner. Let's
dialog: keep it the way it is Greg. Let's
dialog: keep dying for each other. No matter
dialog: who I'm with, youfre still the only
dialog: man I'lk ever really love. Isn't that
dialog: enough?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I can't let you go.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: Then stay with me. In this room. We
dialog: won't leave. I have it for two more
dialog: days. Let's ruin each other.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: And after that?
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: We'll see.
text: They begin to make love again.
scene_heading: INT. GREGORY'S CLASSROOM ~ DAY.
text: The students wait. Henry enters.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I'm afraid Prof. Larkin isn't feeling
dialog: well and all his classes are to be
dialog: cancelled until further -
text: The student are eagerly up and out of their seats before he
dialog: finishes.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: INT. ROSE AND HANNAH'S KITCHEN - NIGHT.
text: Rose creates a beautifully designed platter of food for her
text: and her mother. She moves to the dining room where she has
text: set a beautiful table, with china and crystal.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She takes the napkins and FOLDS THEM INTO FANCY THREE
text: CORNERED HATS - taking care as if she were expecting company,
text: instead of just her mother.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM ~ NIGHT.
text: Camera pans dining table ~ first, Rose wearing a worn out
text: sweat suit. Her plate is full but she has yet to take a bite.
text: She has a RITUAL of preparing her food that is deliberate and
text: intricate - mixing her mustards and steak sauces into one
text: round form on her plate; mixing and cutting her salad;
dialog: utilizing her fork and knife in such as way as to get little
text: bits of meat, vegetable and starch onto one forkful...all
text: with intense concentration and purpose.
text: Camera then arrives on her mother, HANNAH staring at her
text: performing this ritual. She is fully made-up wearing a
text: sweater outfit, complete with jewelry.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: T'm halfway through my meal and you
dialog: haven't even started yet.
text: Rose holds up her forkful of each food group and calls it:
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: The perfect bite.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: You need to see someone.
text: Rose turns on the TV 0.S. to A BALLGAME. Hannah eats with
dialog: even more irritation.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (Cont'd)
dialog: --.I can't tell you how sorry I am
dialog: your father put a television in this
dialog: room. I hate this television and I
dialog: hate it in the dining room. Can't we
dialog: have a conversation?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Mom, I had three classes today. This
dialog: is my only relax-
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Fine, fine, never mind. I can't win.
dialog: Please eat with your arms off the
dialog: table.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HANNAH (cont'd)
dialog: You eat like a convict - I'm not
dialog: going to steal your food. Although
dialog: you should be eating half that
dialog: portion. You're not a lumberjack.
text: Feeling badly, Rose TURNS the TV OFF w/ the remote.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (Cont'd)
dialog: No!...I said never mind.
text: Hannah picks up the remote and TURNS it back ON.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No ... I'm sorry.
dialog: (turns TV OFF)
dialog: How was your day?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Who gives a shit?
dialog: {turns TV ON)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (grabs remote)
dialog: No, you're right. Let's talk.
dialog: (turns TV OFF)
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: It's not about being right.
dialog: (turns TV ON)
text: Rose laughs at the silliness of this scene.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I know. You're right. I'm sorry.
text: She TURNS it OFF. Hannah reaches for the remote, but Rose
text: pulls it away.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: Mom. stop it! Leave it alone! Now
dialog: talk to me! How was your day?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: You haven't even noticed I had my
dialog: hair done differently.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (lying)
dialog: Oh. Yeah. I thought you looked
dialog: different. It looks great.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: What's different about it?
text: Rose stops in mid-chew, caught in her lie.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (Cont'd)
dialog: There's nothing different about it.
dialog: I'm the same old bag I was this
dialog: morning.
text: BEAT. Hannah feels victorious. They eat in silence. Then.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (Cont'd)
dialog: Have you spoekn to Claire? Or Alex?
dialog: (Rose shakes her head)
dialog: I feel sorry for him. I think he
dialog: should dump her.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: THIS is what you want to taik about?
dialog: How can you say things like that? ~
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Because I know my daughter. She's
text: incapable of loving someone elise.
dialog: She's going to break his heart, you
dialog: wait and see.
text: Deep down, Rose can't help but think Hannah is right.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (Cont'd)
dialog: But I guess that's justice in a way.
dialog: After what he did to you.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: He didn't do anything to me. Don't
dialog: start this. We were just friends.
dialog: We're still friends.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: You don't know what might have been.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes I do. We're not exactly each
dialog: other's type.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Claire reminds me of a girl I grew up
dialog: with. Selfish. Refused to settle
dialog: down. Never wanted children. Lived
dialog: her own life, from man to man. She
dialog: wound up -
speaker_heading: ROSE/HANNAH
dialog: ».» in an insane asylun.
text: Pause. They eat in silence until Hannah drops the bomb.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I just don't want you to be upset.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: } Claire called. They're coming over
text: later to celebrate.
dialog: (Rose looks curious)
dialog: Alex propesed tonight. They're
dialog: 4 getting married in the spring.
text: Rose stops in mid-bite. Her heart sinks. Hannah knows full
dialog: well what Rose is feeling.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (Cont'd)
dialog: Now, you're not going to fall apart
dialog: are you?
text: Rose glares at her, swallowing her true feelings.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No. But I ... I wish I had known they
dialog: were coming. I made plans to go to a
dialog: movie with Doris tonight.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: It's all right. I'll explain.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM ~ NIGHT.
text: Rose closes the door behind her, holding back her tears. She
text: crosses to her vanity and sits. Looking at herself in the
text: mirror, she begins to cry. She dials the phone.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Doris? Hi, it's me ... are you free
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT.
text: Jess is in the shower. Gregory is on the phone to Katherine.
text: INTERCUT KATHERINE, whose sits beside semi-packed luggage.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: So, she's the one you can’t talk
dialog: about, right? She's the reason you
dialog: weren't sure about marriage. The
dialog: reason sex isn't that important to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I'm so sorry, Katherine.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: (dignified)
dialog: No. Don't be. I'm relieved in a way.
dialog: I thought there was something wrong
dialog: with me. Well ... goodbye Greg.
dialog: (Greg doesn't answer)
dialog: Oh, and Greg? Even though I'm being
dialog: really understanding about this, I
dialog: just want you to know, it doesn't
dialog: change the fact that you're still a
dialog: lousy prick.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT/BAR HANG-OUT - NIGHT.
text: Doris and an upset Rose sit at a table surrounded by drinks.
text: DORIS is a large woman with beautiful bright eyes and a
text: charismatic smile. She is a woman perfectly at home inside
text: her body. A WAITER APPEARS with their food;
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: WAITER
text: Large fries with side of mayo and
dialog: chicken wings with blue cheese
dialog: dressing.
speaker_heading: DORIS/ROSE
dialog: Can we get more dressing?
text: The waiter is surprised at their synchronicity;
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: We were separated at birth.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Two more drinks when you have a
dialog: chance.
text: The waiter nods and exits. Doris begins to eat. Rose
text: "prepares" her plate - methodically fixing dollops of mayo
text: and dressing on her plate.
speaker_heading: DORIS :
dialog: You feeling any better sweetie?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh, I'll be fine.
dialog: (eating)
dialog: I gotta be honest with you though.
dialog: I'm not looking forward to being maid
dialog: of honor.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: I was maid of honor nine times. I
dialog: think when I hit ten, I should get a
dialog: free husband and dishes.
dialog: (leans in)
dialog: You know, it might not even happen.
dialog: Claire's such a nut.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Doesn't matter. He asked. He wants
dialog: her. God, what was I thinking!? That
dialog: all of a sudden, this veil would be
dialog: lifted and he would want me instead
dialog: of this gorgeous woman with no
dialog: stomach whose ten years younger?
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: It could happen.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 29.
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I should have never had coffee with
dialog: him that first time he asked. He was
dialog: too good looking ~- I knew I couldn't
dialog: handle it. Never again. I mean,
dialog: you've got to come to terms with your
dialog: life or else what's the point? I'll
dialog: never be a beauty. I'll never have
dialog: some gorgeous guy in love with ne,
dialog: screaming my name in the streets.
dialog: I'll never have one of those crazy,
dialog: passionate, all- consuming, fucking
dialog: for hours in some sweaty motel room
text: by the side of a highway love affairs.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: (turned on)
dialog: you should write.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What's depressing, is to realize I'm
dialog: as bad as everyone else. I mean,
dialog: what's wrong with Barry Neufeld?
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: He irritates the shit out of you and
text: he looks like Mr. Peabody.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Why should that matter - I'm no great
dialog: prize.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: All right - so in addition to
dialog: everything else, you're as shallow as
dialog: the rest of us. Give yourself a break.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I mean what the hell is love anyway?
dialog: What does it even mean today?
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: Sounds like tomorrow's lesson.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yeah right. Those who can't do, teach.
speaker_heading: _ DORIS
dialog: Honey, I'm so sorry.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: Rose softens, the tears coming through a bit.
speaker_heading: . ROSE
dialog: Oh, it's all right. I hate the way I
dialog: sound. Why should this bother me? I
dialog: have a good life. I contribute.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: You're just lonely honey. You're
dialog: human. It'll pass.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: fhe thing is - I want so little. I'm
dialog: not asking for diamond rings and a
dialog: house full of kids ... I just want
dialog: someone - who knows me. They way
dialog: people in love know each other -
dialog: isn't that stupid? Their favorite
dialog: toothpaste, their nightmares, their
dialog: secrets. That's what cures
dialog: loneliness. When somebody else is out
dialog: there who knows who you are ~ and
dialog: whose thinking about you. And who
dialog: wants you.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: And you think that's easier to get
dialog: than diamond rings? Honey, you need
dialog: a change. Why don't you move out -
dialog: get your own place?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No. Living alone sounds very Holly
dialog: Golightly in theory but the truth is
dialog: you come home to an empty apartment
dialog: every night. I'm not pretty enough to
dialog: live alone. I'd turn into a cat lady
text: who flirts with delivery boys.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: Well, if it's any consolation, I bet
dialog: even beautiful people get lonely.
dialog: Look at that woman over there.
text: Rose turns to see a BEAUTIFUL WOMAN sitting alone at a bar,
text: fighting not to cry over her drink.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: It looks better on her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM ~ NIGHT.
text: Jess is sleeping. Gregory sits beside the bed. Jess awakens
text: to find him staring at her.
speaker_heading: . JESSIE
dialog: Why don't you sleep?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Because when I wake up, you won't be
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: Honey. Come to bed.
text: She pulls open the blanket. He crawls in beside her.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY.
text: The room is pitch black. There is a loud knocking, then:
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: Greg! Greg it's me!
text: After another knock or two, the door is unlocked by a
text: BELLHOP, with HENRY behind him. A light is turned on to
dialog: reveal -
text: Gregory sitting in a chair with a blanket wrapped around him
text: staring into space. It looks as if he's been crying. He is an
text: unshaven wreck. The room has been cleared of Jessie's things.
speaker_heading: BELLHOP
dialog: Is he dead?
text: Henry looks into his friends catatonic eyes.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yep.
dialog: cur To:
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY - DAY.
text: Gregory, disheveled, wearing the same clothes he's had for
text: days, walks with Henry with a mad look in his eyes and a
text: dangerous, self-pitying demeanor.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I have a couple of things to do, then
dialog: I have to sit in on a class for a
dialog: teacher evaluation and then I'm free.
dialog: I'm not letting you out of my sight.
dialog: We'll go home, change your clothes
dialog: and get something to eat. All right?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: My life is almost half over and I'm
text: still juggling feathers, Henry.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: It's any expression of my mothers’.
dialog: Right before her fourth marriage she
dialog: said to me “Don't ever waste your
dialog: time holding on to love - you might
dialog: as well try juggling feathers".
text: A STUDENT, HAL, catches up with them, holding a report.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Hi. Mr. Larkin. Hal Benning.
dialog: "Economics in Transition". I really
dialog: have to talk to you about this B-
dialog: minus you gave me on my Max Weber
dialog: paper. I have real problem with it.
text: Gregory stares at him with a mad gleam in his eye and rips
text: the paper out of his hands.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Here! You want an A? An A plus!
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Uh ... Sure.
text: Greg writes A-plus and shoves it back to Hal.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: THERE! HAPPY NOW HAL?
text: Hal takes his paper and runs. Henry calms Greg down.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You are psychotic. I can't tell you
dialog: how much I'm enjoying this.
dialog: curt To:
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S CLASSROOM - DAY.
dialog: 33.
text: Gregory and Henry sit in the back of the classroom while Rose
text: gives an impassioned lecture to her spellbound students.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: «+. I believe it's our addictions to
dialog: illusions like perfect sex and true
dialog: love that are actually keeping people
dialog: today separate and alone. "Falling
dialog: in love" is a man-made conceit.
dialog: Before the Industrial Revolution -
dialog: before men left the home for business
dialog: and women became the leisure class -
dialog: before sex and beauty were used as
dialog: marketing tools for the propagation
dialog: of the species -
text: She refers to daguerreotypes and tintypes depicting images of
dialog: women as objects of beauty.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: What drew men and women together? I
dialog: can tell you one thing - it must have
dialog: been a lot more real than what's
dialog: drawing them today. A fifty percent
dialog: aivorce rate among married couples -
dialog: more single parents than you can
dialog: count. Which is fine - but why?
dialog: Because people want children and not
dialog: relationships. Relationships are too
dialog: hard. Why? Because we are asked to
dialog: meet ridiculous, romantic standards!
text: Gregory is mesmerized.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: Do you know how many lonely people
dialog: there are waiting for this perfect,
dialog: romantic love - this illusion when
dialog: actually their perfect mate might be
text: right in front of them only they
dialog: can't recognize it.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: COMTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: ROSE (cont'd)
dialog: And sex, well, how often have you
dialog: heard “Oh he isn't my type", "Oh
dialog: she's doesn't turn me on" and people
dialog: stay alone. This obsession with
dialog: beauty and lust while everything
text: around us is decaying ... Everyone's
dialog: lover has to be attractive and
dialog: successful and funny and charming and
dialog: the truth is, there simply aren't
dialog: enough funny, successful, attractive,
dialog: charming people to go around. We're
dialog: human ~ we spit and sweat and gain
dialog: weight and age and why isn't that all
dialog: right?! Because of the malicious
dialog: fantasies created by fashion
dialog: designers and commercials about
dialog: deodorant sharing that tell us it's
dialog: not. "Don't settle for second best"
dialog: "Be the best , smell the best, get
dialog: the beautiful guy, lose the weight
dialog: and marry an Adonis" - "perfect love
dialog: does exit ~ right, here in this
dialog: bottle for only 29.99." And whether
dialog: we're conscious of it or not, we fall
dialog: for it. The idea of having to "fall
dialog: in love" has become the most
dialog: contagious and deadly virus of
dialog: twentieth century ~ killing
dialog: relationships before they can even
dialog: begin... Leaving men and women who
dialog: have so much to offer - excluded. As
dialog: if relationships were only meant for
dialog: the select, the beautiful and the few
dialog: instead of being everyone's
dialog: birthright.
text: Rose is panting. She has given this speech without a breath.
dialog: The class,
text: and Gregory, sit stunned. Waiting. Rose feels
text: exposed for a moment, and tries to sum up.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: (genuine belief)
dialog: We live in such a transitory world.
dialog: People marry for love, which
dialog: fades...or beauty or passion...which
dialog: fade. You ever notice how most
dialog: friendships last longer than most
dialog: marriages.?
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: ROSE (cont'd)
dialog: Is it even possible anymore for a man
dialog: and a woman to truly see each other
dialog: and come together for something
dialog: real?....I don't know....
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Questions, comments.
text: The class breaks out into applause. Rose smiles, feeling
text: great love for these kids. Gregory looks as if he's been
text: transformed by a revelation.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS ~- DAY.
text: Henry walks with an excited Gregory.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: She's amazing!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Well, she talks a good line.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: What do you mean? I thought she made
dialog: a lot of sense.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Well, considering how she looks, I
dialog: guess yeah ~ she's got a point.
text: Gregory stops. Henry stops, surprised.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
text: I didn't notice how she looked.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: That's my point.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I've had beautiful women Henry. I've
dialog: had great sex. And I'm alone ... I
dialog: want to meet her.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Look - you're coming off of Jessie
dialog: again. You're not thinking straight.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: INT, ROSE
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: HENRY (cont'd)
dialog: Beside, in my opinion, sex is the
dialog: only. reason people get together
dialog: because it's the only divine act
dialog: humans can accomplish. It fulfills
dialog: everyone's inherent desire to return
dialog: to God. It is my belief that coming
dialog: will replace praying in the 2ist
dialog: century. I'm thinking of writing a
dialog: theological treatise on it and
dialog: calling, it "Theoboffism".
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: All I know is, I'm lonely. Maybe
dialog: Jessie is my one real love - so what?
dialog: Maybe my mother was right or maybe
dialog: we're only allowed one a lifetime and
dialog: I got stuck with someone I can't
dialog: have. But maybe there's something
dialog: else I can have. Something I can
dialog: trust, feel safe with, build with ...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: With her!?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Well ... I don't know. Maybe. Why
dialog: not? She's seems like a fascinating
dialog: woman.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Fine. But no matter what you want in
dialog: a woman, you can't deny the fact
dialog: that there has to be a physical
dialog: attraction too.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I'm not so sure.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 'S OFFICE - DAY.
text: Gregory knocks on the door to Rose's office. Through the
dialog: walls, we
text: can hear DYLAN'S "YOU'RE GONNA MAKE ME LONESOME
text: WHEN YOU GO" blasting. Gregory knocks harder.
speaker_heading: ROSE (0.S.)
dialog: COME IN!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Gregory enters - well dressed and shaven. Rose is sitting at
text: a desk piled high with opened books and papers. The walls are
text: covered with a.mixture of Mythological images and Rock
text: Posters from the Sixties. Books abound in ever corner. She is
text: eating a hero sandwich.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: (lowers the music)
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Uh ... I'm Gregory Larkin - Math
dialog: Department. I sat in on your class
dialog: yesterday with Henry Fine.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh yeah. Did he pass me?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I'm sure he did. I thought your
dialog: lecture was ... fascinating. I was
dialog: wondering if you were free - if you
dialog: wanted to go for a cup of coffee or
dialog: something.
text: Rose immediately recognizes this is a good looking guy asking
text: her for coffee, and her “Alex alarms" go up.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Uh, well, no, sorry. I'm actually
dialog: scheduled for something now ... soon,
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Oh, well maybe some other time.
dialog: (Rose nods)
dialog: I think you're a gifted teacher. You
dialog: really had those students. I'd love
dialog: to discuss your teaching methods with
dialog: you some time as well.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Thank you.
text: Gregory exits. Rose immediately rises and crosses calmly over
text: to her water cooler. She gets some cold water in a small
text: paper cup and quite matter-of-factly, THROWS THE WATER IN HER
speaker_heading: OWN FACE.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: That was close.
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM ~ NIGHT.
text: Rose opens the bottom drawer of her vanity and reveals HER
text: ASSORTMENT OF CUPCAKES AND SWEETS. She extracts a package of
text: cupcakes, then. moves to a CD PLAYER raises the volume. We
text: hear THE BAND'S "IT MAKES NO DIFFERENCE". She raises an
text: already lit JOINT to her mouth and inhales. As she sings
text: along, getting stoned, we get a glimpse into a younger
text: Rose - a sixties hopeful with a great joy and thirst for
text: life, before any expectations vanished. She then inhales a
dialog: bit too much, and must use every effort not to cough out
text: loud - banging her hands against the furniture, her eyes
text: tearing. She makes sure to exhale out an opened window. She
text: takes a deep breath, then douses out the joint on the sill.
text: She takes her cupcake to her bed and makes a tray out of an
text: art book. Laying down, she serves herself the cupcake,
text: listening to the music and watching the ballgame on a TV with
text: no sound opposite the bed. She comments to herself -
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Life is good!
text: She takes a bite of her cupcake and watches the game and
text: listens to The Band. All of a sudden she freezes ~- as if a
dialog: thought had crossed her mind and got stuck there. We can tell
text: by her expression, that she isn't really watching the game or
text: listening to the music or even consciously chewing. She's
text: thinking about Gregory. But then she decides.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: No. I was right to say no. That was
dialog: a good move. Have lunch with a guy
dialog: like that, next thing you know I'm
text: cooking for him and holding his hand
text: when he has problems and fantasizing
text: about raping him in a restaurant.
dialog: Never again. The end. End of story!
text: THE PHONE RINGS. Stoned, she stares at it for a moment or
text: two, fascinated by the ringing. Until - -
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Rose! Answer the phone!
text: She picks up.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INTERCUT GREGORY ON THE PHONE:
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Hi - it's Gregory Larkin. I hope I'm
dialog: not disturbing you.
speaker_heading: COWTIMNUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: That. was weird!
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Nothing. I was just ~- nothing.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I was calling to see if your were
dialog: free for lunch tomorrow.
text: Rose grimaces.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: INT. COLUMBIA ADMINSTRATION OFFICE - DAY.
text: Doris is at her desk when Rose enters.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Whose this Gregory Larkin guy?
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: Uh, Larkin? Math I think. Yeah. In
dialog: fact he just published some hook.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: He's published? ... Are you free for
dialog: lunch?
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. BURGER PALACE =~ DAY.
text: Rose and Doris listen to Gregory explain his book as they
dialog: wait for their lunch.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: ««.80 what I had hoped to accomplish
dialog: with the book was to show within this
dialog: Universal Order, numbers are not just
dialog: numbers but symbols that represent -
dialog: how should I say it - metaphysical
dialog: concepts. First there's the One, the
dialog: Universal, the All - that from which
dialog: everything springs and is ever
dialog: contained in - you still with me?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'm holding on.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: I'm off the cliff.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (enjoying himself)
dialog: Then we divided with One into the
dialog: Two - the duality of the One and
dialog: One's awareness of itself through
dialog: it's opposite, the Two. Then there's
dialog: three, which is the relationship
dialog: between the two and the one ...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: So four would be the result of the
dialog: relationship - the product produced
text: by the sun.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: That's right? Did you read the book?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No. I almost bought it though. I held
dialog: it in my hands in the bookstore for
text: a good ten minutes.
speaker_heading: GREGORY.
dialog: That's all right, I'll send you a
dialog: copy ... but getting back to the
dialog: three for a minute, what you might
dialog: find interesting for what you teach
dialog: is the importance of the
dialog: relationship. See, without the three,
dialog: relationship - a number, or a person,
dialog: is just ...
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: Spinning it's own gears.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Exactly. This is marvelous.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I know. First time I had lunch with
dialog: a guy where I feel like I'm winning
text: on a game show.
text: Gregory suddenly feels insecure.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to lecture.
dialog: Excuse me a moment.
text: Gregory exits to the bathroom. Doris nudges Rose.
speaker_heading: DORTS
dialog: What's wrong with you?! He's a doll.
speaker_heading: ROSE .
dialog: What?! I didn't say anything. He's a
dialog: very nice guy. Now let's eat the damn
dialog: lunch and get the hell outta here.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: You're an idiot. He's likes you.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What are we in fifth grade? He likes
dialog: me! He likes my brain.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: So? Take it slow. One organ at a time.
text: Gregory returns just as A WAITER appears with two salads and
text: a PEPPER MILL. He is about to pepper Rose's salad:
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No pepper for me. But could you get
dialog: me a little side dish of extra
dialog: dressing.
speaker_heading: DORTS
dialog: Me too.
text: She begins her ritual of carefully cutting and mixing her
text: salad - picking out the wilted or bad looking leaves as she
text: speaks. Gregory is fascinated by her ritual.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You're class is remarkable. Maybe you
dialog: can sit in on my class on next week.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What was it you wanted to discuss
dialog: about my teaching?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Well...I wanted to ask - how do get
dialog: them to stay?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: Rose and Doris let out a laugh until they realize that
text: Gregory is dead serious.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. GREGORY'S CLASSROOM - DAY.
text: Gregory is erasing the blackboard. The camera follows him as
text: he crosses past his desk, past the students seats which are
text: empty. He stops before ROSE, ASLEEP in the last seat - her
text: head back, her mouth open.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Rose. Rose.
text: Rose awakens with a start! She gets her bearings and realizes
text: the class is over - and she was asleep.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh ... Greg, I'm sorry. I didn't
dialog: Sleep well~ ...
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: No it's all right. At least now
dialog: you're familiar with the problem. Can
dialog: you help?
dialog: (Rose wonders)
dialog: Maybe we can have dinner tonight -
dialog: talk about it. I'll invite other
dialog: people if you like.
text: Rose, feeling badly, accepts.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT.
text: Gregory.and Rose are having dinner with Henry and his date,
text: a beautiful blonde model named CANDY. Each pair is involved
text: in conversation. The camera cuts between the two
dialog: conversations.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: ».. I just think you have to relate
dialog: what you teach them in a way that
dialog: touches their lives a bit more
dialog: directly. Let them get to know you.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You're right. How?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: —-aZ =
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Gregory listens like a disciple. Henry and Candy are having
text: a different conversation.
speaker_heading: CANDY
dialog: I'm very much a free spirit. If I
dialog: don't feel like going to a party I
dialog: won't go just because other people
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I really respect that.
dialog: Gregory and Rose continue:
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You need to loosen up a little. Don't
dialog: wear a jacket and tie. Joke around.
dialog: Find the humor in it.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Find the humor in calculus?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well - if numbers represent some
dialog: metaphysical meaning in the Universe
dialog: uh ... there's got to be a joke in
dialog: there somewhere. I mean, metaphysics,
dialog: the universe - it's hilarious.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Really?
text: Back to Henry and Candy.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You like those Calvin Klein ads -
dialog: those guys in the underwear?
speaker_heading: CANDY
dialog: Oh yeah - I think they're hot.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I think they're disgusting.
text: Rose can't help but over hear Henry's comments and stops with
dialog: Gregory to listen in.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: HENRY (Cont'd)
dialog: I just think that for women to be
dialog: represented like that in advertising,
dialog: it's much more artistic. When it's
dialog: man, I find it almost pornographic.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: why?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Well, artists have been honoring
text: naked women through their canvases
dialog: for centuries.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Gee, the last time I looked the David
dialog: had a dick.
text: Things are getting heated. Gregory is loving it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: All I'm saying is, everywhere you
dialog: look there are these young guys with
text: washboard stomachs, looking like Gods
text: in some homo-erotic fantasy.
speaker_heading: CANDY
dialog: I think they're hot.
text: No one pays attention to her and she notices it as Henry
text: speaks directly to Rose -
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I didn't mean to offend you or-
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'm not offended. I just think times
dialog: are changing. In some tribes - like
dialog: the Wodaabes, it's the men who spend
dialog: hours in make-up sessions and are
dialog: judged in beauty contests by the
dialog: women. And they're a much older
dialog: society than ours - maybe we're just
text: catching up. Men as objects of female
dialog: lust is quite natural and if women
dialog: are going to make themselves sick and
dialog: surgically alter themselves to stay
dialog: in the running, you men are going to
dialog: have skip the extra beer and tighten
dialog: your butts too.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ener
speaker_heading: SS oro
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: Gregory smiles proudly. Henry lifts his glass as if to toast
text: her. Candy feels left out and rises.
speaker_heading: CANDY
dialog: Excuse me a minute.
text: Only Rose can sense Candy's sudden discomfort.
scene_heading: INT. LADIES ROOM - NIGHT.
text: Candy is in front of mirror fixing her make-up. Rose enters
dialog: to wash her hands.
speaker_heading: CANDY
dialog: You're a professor?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CANDY
dialog: How long have you been with Gregory?
dialog: I think he's gorgeous.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We're not together. We're just
dialog: associates. How long have you been
dialog: seeing Henry?
speaker_heading: CANDY
dialog: Not long. I'm really just in it for
dialog: the sex.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: CANDY
dialog: It's such a turn on fucking a smart
dialog: guy. I feel kind of like a genius
dialog: everytime he comes.
text: Rose laughs. Candy smiles, warming up to her.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT ~
dialog: Henry and Gregory.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Isn't she something?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: eS wy eo
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: That and more. Too bad you can't take
dialog: her brain and put it in Candy's body?
text: Gregory is disturbed by Henry's remark.
scene_heading: INT. LADIES ROOM -
speaker_heading: CANDY
dialog: It's not going to last. Not that I
dialog: want it to. We're just having some
dialog: fun. Eventually there'll be someone
dialog: prettier, someone younger he'll get
dialog: a thing for and that'll be it.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Doesn't that bother you?
speaker_heading: CANDY
dialog: No. I plan to be married within five
dialog: years then I'll never have to worry
dialog: about it again. I don't kid myself.
dialog: I know the things I can offer a man,
dialog: a lot of other women can too. It's
dialog: all timing, ya know. You just have to
dialog: hit that one guy whose ready to stop
text: sampling everything he sees. And then
dialog: you can stop too. It's different for
dialog: women like you I think.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CANDY
dialog: If a guy falls for you, you know it's
dialog: for something that'll last. You don't
dialog: have to worry about losing it as you
dialog: get older. You'll probably get even
dialog: smarter when you age.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Can I ask you a question? If you
dialog: could switch places with me, would
dialog: you?
text: Candy stops applying lipstick. She feels uncomfortable by the
text: question. Her answer is obviously no.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: See, that's the difference.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: UF oro
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The two women look into the mirror facing then.
speaker_heading: - ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: I would.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT ~ NIGHT.
text: At the table, the WAITER has brought their meals. Candy has
text: ordered a large grilled vegetable salad. Rose ordered lamb
dialog: chops and potatoes with special orders of mustard, extra mint
text: jelly and sour cream on the side. She begins to prepare the
text: mint jelly and mustard with small dollops along with dicing
text: her potato along with the sour cream. Everyone else has
text: already started eating , as they watch Rose's ritual. When
text: she finally takes a bite. Gregory smiles. She smiles through
dialog: her food.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: The perfect bite.
text: He leans over to her.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Listen. I have two tickets to the
dialog: Philharmonic. It's a benefit. Black
dialog: tie. Do you feel like going?
text: Rose, her mouth full of food, is impressed by Gregory's
text: proposal. She nods. He smiles.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S CLASSROOM ~ DAY.
text: Gregory sits in on another of Rose's lectures.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Laughter.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Around the 12th Century they had a
dialog: thing called Courtly Love - and it
dialog: was a love usually between a knight
dialog: and a lady he idolized,
dialog: worshipped...But the rules were they
dialog: could never have sex, never be
dialog: married and yet they must always keep
dialog: their passion for each other
dialog: alive...It was as if they took this
dialog: baser human love and through their
dialog: restrictions squeezed everything out
dialog: it that was thought to be impure or
dialog: temporary. It was thought to be one
dialog: of the highest expressions of love.
dialog: As opposed to the more human,
dialog: everyday, going-to-the-bathroom-in-
dialog: front-of-each-other kind of love.
dialog: Gregory is inspired.
scene_heading: INT. BERGDORF'S ~- DAY.
text: Rose is cautiously looking through some evening wear. All she
dialog: finds are
dialog: finds one
text: skimpy cocktail dresses and low-cut gowns. She
text: black sequined high neck number, but it has no
text: back. A SALESLADY approaches.
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: Would you like to try that on?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh no. I'd look like a neon sign. I
dialog: have this formal tonight and of
dialog: course I waited until the last
dialog: minute ...
speaker_heading: - SALESWOMAN
dialog: Well what are you looking for?
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: Something comfortable, big, loose,
dialog: dark ~ actually, I should be in the
text: linen department buying a comforter.
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Come with me.
dialog: - S=
dialog: ag.
scene_heading: INT. BERGDORF'S COSMETICS DEPT. - DAY.
text: Rose walks through, carrying a dress box. She passes by women
text: getting make-overs. She's dying to try.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM ~ EARLY EVENING.
text: Rose sits at her vanity with her back to us. She is wearing
text: a simple, black evening dress - loose, formless. WE DO NOT
scene_heading: SEE HER FACE.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (0.S.)
dialog: Rose?
text: Without moving her head or neck, Rose responds. Hannah enters
text: and stands in the doorway; cool, detached;
speaker_heading: HANNAH (Cont'd)
dialog: When did you get home? I didn't hear
dialog: you come in?
text: Rose remains stiff, with her back to us.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (Cont'd)
dialog: What's wrong with you?
text: Hannah approaches and is surprised when she sees Rose - with
text: a complete make-up job. The make-up is overdone and not very
text: complimentary to her natural looks. Rose talks with tight
dialog: lips.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Why are you talking like that?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'm wearing so much, I'm afraid it'll
dialog: break. How do I look?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Paralyzed. Why are you wearing so
dialog: much?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well according to this cosmetics
dialog: expert I have a myriad of problems -
text: my eyes are set too close together,
text: my nose is crooked, my chin is chubby
dialog: and my skin is confused. Should I
dialog: take it off?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Well, if you're going to wear make-
dialog: up, you should do something with your
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What?
text: Hannah picks up a brush and and pins and spray, and begins to
dialog: style.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: He must be very handsome this one,
dialog: for you to go through all this.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'm not doing it for him. It's a
dialog: formal.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: No one says you have to wear make-up
dialog: to a formal. You've been seeing him
dialog: for a few weeks. Do you think
dialog: something might happen with this one?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Stop calling him "this one". Sounds
dialog: like you're picking out a lobster.
dialog: We're just friends. I haven't been
dialog: "seeing him". DON'T TOUCH MY FACE!
dialog: I'm just helping him with his
dialog: teaching. It's not a date or anything.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Then what does it matter how you look?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (hopefully)
dialog: I just wanted to...
dialog: (stops, realizing)
dialog: I guess it doesn't matter.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Unless of course you think something
dialog: might happen.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Nothing's going to happen!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 51.
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Oh, young women today. You take
dialog: everything at face value. As if the
dialog: man has all the say and you have
dialog: nothing to do with it. You think men
dialog: know what they want before they want
dialog: it? Half the time, they'd sleep with
dialog: cows if that's all they could meet.
dialog: How do you think syphilis was created?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: How did we get from my date to the
dialog: origin of syphilis?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I thought it wasn't a date.
text: Touche. Hannah begins to spray the teased hair. Rose asks
dialog: vulnerably.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (Cont'd)
dialog: If he takes you to dinner, order some
dialog: simple - a nice fish. Broiled. And no
text: dessert. A cup of coffee is more than
dialog: sufficient.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Mom ... when I was born, did you
dialog: think I was pretty?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: fch. You were my child. My firstborn.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: But you must have thought something
dialog: about how I looked. Did you think I
dialog: was a pretty baby?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Silly. What's pretty anyway? You're
dialog: sister's pretty - you think she'll be
dialog: happy. I give that marriage two
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I think that's an awful thing to say.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: You're just sticking up for her. I
dialog: should know better than to say what
dialog: I really think. I can't win.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Everytime you say that I always
dialog: wonder what we're playing.
scene_heading: INT. CAB ~ NIGHT; A FEW MINUTES LATER.
text: In the backseat, Kose is thrown back and ferth.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: There's no rush.
text: But the driver doesn't hear. Both the windows on both the
text: rear doors are down, causing a tremendous wind tunnel that is
text: tearing apart her hairdo. She tries to shut them, but can't.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: What's wrong with the windows?
speaker_heading: CAB DRIVER
dialog: , Broke...Both broke.
dialog: (he giggles in Arabic)
text: Rose braces herself, while trying to hold down her hair. The
text: cab stops at a red light. Rose catches her breath. She
text: glances over at a parallel cab that also has a single woman
text: in the backseat. The woman is dressed up and having an
text: equally horrific cab ride. Her face is smeared with lipstick
text: that she has been trying to apply. She glances over to Rose,
text: Rose smiles. The woman smiles, then both cabs peel off as if
text: in a drag race.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN CENTER ~ NIGHT.
text: Rose exits the cab - her hair has been wind blown into a
text: complete mess. She approaches Gregory who is genuinely glad
text: to see her. He smiles broadly. Rose is painfully self-
text: conscious.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Hi..I'm sorry..
text: Gregory is unphased by her appearance.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Sorry for what? You're exactly on
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes...I..no, I mean... my hair..I
dialog: must look like I've been attacked by
dialog: wolves.
text: But Gregory neither compliments nor consoles her about her
text: looks. Rose suddenly feels very silly.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: We should get out of the wind.
dialog: curt TO:
scene_heading: INT. AVERY FISHER BATHROOM ~ NIGHT.
text: Rose wipes off all the make-up and brushes out her hair.
speaker_heading: curT To:
scene_heading: INT. AVERY FISHER HALL - NIGHT.
text: On stage, the Philharmonic Orchestra plays Cesar Franck's
text: PSYCHE. In the audience, Rose sits beside Gregory listening.
text: Gregory reaches into his pocket and pulls something out. He
text: then nudges Rose who jumps slightly and looks to what Greg
text: has in his hand. A THIN SMALL COMPUTER. It looks like a
text: calculator with an extra large screen. Gregory whispers:
speaker_heading: GREGORY
text: It makes shapes out of sound waves.
text: He turns it on. Rose watches. The little screen bursts into
text: color as the music creates fantastic forms and spirals. She
text: smiles in fascination. Gregory is pleased it's made an
text: impression, They watch together like two children.
scene_heading: INT. AVERY FISHER ~ RECEPTION - NIGHT.
text: An after concert reception. Rose and Gregory stand in the
text: crowd with white wine and hor d'oeuvres. Rose bites into one.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Ugh..the food is awful.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I hate crowds.
speaker_heading: CONTIMUED
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Rose notices alot of lights and crowds through the window,
text: looking over to the N.Y. State Theatre.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What's happening over there?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I read somewhere it's a midnight
dialog: celebrity benefit for Dance Theatre
dialog: of Harlem and AIDS.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I bet they have better food.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: We don't have invitations.
text: Rose has a devious and mischievous look on her face.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN CENTER ~ NIGHT.
text: Gregory stands in the cold, in his tux, watching -
text: Rose approaching the line of paparazzi, awaiting celebrity
text: arrivals. Limousines pull up to the curb and cameras start
text: flashing at whoever exits. During a lull, Rose whistles over
text: TWO YOUNG PHOTOGRAPHERS and brings them into a huddle.
text: Gregory is intrigued as he watches Rose give them directions
text: and money. He sees the photographers shrug and nod to Rose.
text: Rose returns to Gregory.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You're sort of a scientist. I'm going
dialog: to show you an example of chain
dialog: reaction. Come on!
text: She grabs his hand and walks quickly toward the curbs.
scene_heading: EXT. CURBSIDE - NIGHT.
text: Rose leads Gregory towards a limousine that is parked, having
text: already deposited its celebrity. Gregory is worried.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Are you sure about this?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I saw this guy on cable talking about
text: all the ways he sneaks into parties.
dialog: I always wanted to try it. I mean
dialog: what's the worse that could happen -
dialog: they throw us out and we're
dialog: humiliated? I spent a lot of money on
dialog: this dress and I'm not taking it off
dialog: yet! You got a twenty?
text: Gregory searches for a bill.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STATE THEATRE - NIGHT.
text: Celebrities exit a limo and are immediately photographed at
text: every angle by the photographers as they walk along the red
text: carpet and are swept into the theatre.
text: Another limo drives up and out of it exit ROSE AND GREGORY.
text: Gregory is clearly nervous. They move down the red carpet.
text: For a few steps nothing happens. Gregory almost panics. Until
text: suddenly, the two photographers Rose paid off start clicking
text: the cameras furiously at them.
text: Like a chain reaction, ALL THE OTHER PHOTOGRAPHERS start
text: clicking their cameras. Rose's plan worked. Rose begins to
text: enjoy her momentary celebrity, playing it for all it's worth.
text: Gregory is amazed as they reach the door and are quickly
text: swept inside by the doorman.
scene_heading: INT. NY STATE THEATRE ~ NIGHT.
text: Rose is busy at the buffet table. Gregory is stunned and
dialog: exhilarated!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I was right. The food is better.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: That was incredible. We completely
dialog: fooled- ...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Shhhh ... Cool. Keep it cool.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (whispers excitedly)
dialog: We completely fooled then.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Still in a crowd though. Would you
dialog: like to find a quiet spot?
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE: NY STATE THEATRE - NIGHT.
text: Rose waits patiently with a white wine. Gregory appears with
dialog: several dishes of hor d'oeurves.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Here he is ~ my hunter gatherer.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: They didn't have any more roast beef
dialog: with horse radish but I got some beef
text: skewers instead.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Fine. Fine. Sit down,
text: Placing the dishes on the stairs, Rose begins to prepare a
dialog: bite for herself - redoing two hor d'oeurves by replacing
text: \ bits of one with another. Gregory watches intently.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: The lettuce is always wilted on these
dialog: things and I can't stand cucumber
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: b You love food, don't you?
speaker_heading: | ROSE
dialog: Why, is that a problem!?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: k No, not at all. Could you make me one
dialog: like that?
speaker_heading: | ROSE
dialog: ' Here ... have this one.
text: h She pops it into his mouth. Gregory is unphased by the
text: intimacy of the gesture. Rose smiles. He stares at her. Rose
text: giggles self-consciously.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (still excited)
dialog: I can't believe we fooled them!
text: She laughs.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NYC STREET - NIGHT.
text: Rose and Gregory walk home after the concert.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: My favorite period is the turn of the
dialog: century. Everyone having these
dialog: inflamed desires for people they've
text: only sat alone in a parlor with.
text: Holding hands becomes the most
dialog: intimate act.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: And all those layers of clothing
dialog: they've have to get through to even
dialog: make a move. So erotic.
text: Gregory laughs. Rose smiles.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Are you ... seeing anyone right now?
text: Rose stops, losing her smile. Gregory is worried.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (protective)
dialog: What are we doing here?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (shyly)
dialog: Well I... I'd like to get to know
dialog: you better Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: As what? A friend? An experiment?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Do we have to label it?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes. This isn't the turn of the
dialog: century. Look, you're a real nice guy
dialog: but I've just ... come out of
dialog: something that - ...
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: So have I.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well then we should definitely not go
dialog: any further.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I don't agree. I know the whole "on
dialog: the rebound" scenario and believe me
dialog: that's not what this is. I don't want
dialog: what I had with her. I want something
dialog: else. I want everything you've been
text: talking about in that classroom.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: But ...
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: There are no guarantees Rose. There's
dialog: no perfect science ~ it's still all
dialog: depends on how a person sees it. And
dialog: when I see you I see a woman unlike
dialog: any I've known. Your mind, your
dialog: humor, your passion for ideas, your
dialog: courage to live by them ...
text: Rose is being swept off her feet.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: What would happen if we put
dialog: everything else - the sex, the
dialog: romantic illusions - and put them
dialog: aside. Got to real know each other's
dialog: heart and soul, like those knights
dialog: and ladies of the 12th century.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: But they had passion for each. They
dialog: just sacrificed it.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: They we're ahead of the game because
dialog: we don't have that passion. All we
dialog: have is respect and true affection.
dialog: At least I do.
text: Pause. Rose finds it hard to breath. Gregory worries.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: Have I... overstepped the boundaries?
text: Speechless, Rose shakes her head. They walk side by side in
text: silence for a moment. Until:
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: Rose?
dialog: (they stop)
dialog: May I hold your hand then?
text: Rose finds this so moving, she can only nod. Gregory takes
text: her hand and they walk past camera. With their backs to us,
dialog: we hear:
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I want to hear about this woman. Is
dialog: she dead?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: No, she's lives in Paris.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh ... that could be a problem.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GREGORY'S CLASS - DAY.
text: Rose sits in the back as Gregory tries to relate their
text: adventure to the students in his usual pedantic manner. He
text: has, however, taken off his jacket and tie.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: And um...there were many
dialog: photographers and..oh wait, no, first
dialog: we had to find a limousine and we
dialog: paid them twenty dollars for just a
dialog: few minutes, then...then we got in
dialog: and went around to the front which
dialog: was very crowded ~ as I said, there
dialog: were many photographers uh, taking
dialog: pictures.
text: The class is bored stiff. Gregory can't tell a story.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: It was very exciting how this chain
dialog: reaction occurred....
dialog: 60.
text: Rose bites her lip so as not to laugh. She finds poor Gregory
text: so endearing, as he looks up ta her with pleading eyes
text: begging for help.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMEDY CLUB ~ NIGHT.
text: A comedian plays for a packed house. Camera pans around the
text: audience to find Rose and Gregory deep in conversation,
text: oblivious to their surroundings.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: «.s. I don't know what it is about
dialog: Jesse but, after this last time, I
dialog: made a decision I don't ever want to
dialog: feel that obsessive or lost over
dialog: someone again. It's unendurable. I
dialog: sometimes think maybe it's because
dialog: she was my first.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Your first what?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: My first ... you know ... lovemaking
dialog: experience.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I thought you said you met her when-
dialog: you were 24.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: They both
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: ROSE (cont'd)
dialog: (Gregory nods)
dialog: You mean you had never ... until you
dialog: 24? ~
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: T was a real good student.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Wow.
dialog: (Greg laughs}
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Wow. You don't usually hear people
dialog: with high I.Q.'s say that. I like it.
dialog: Wow. How old were you?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (embarrassed to say)
dialog: Well - it was sixties. Sex was just
dialog: something you did with someone after
dialog: you had a great conversation with
dialog: them. Twenty~four?
text: sip their beers, as Rose adds;
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: But - you must have had women all
dialog: over you - you're a great looking
dialog: guy. I hope that doesn't make you
dialog: uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Actually it does, but that's OK. I
dialog: never got to really know any of
dialog: them - I guess I just wasn't
dialog: interested until Jess. She was so ...
dialog: dangerous. Why are we attracted to
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, she was also beautiful. Ugly
dialog: and dangerous I find it easier to
dialog: resist.
text: Greg laughs. Rose sips her beer, slightly disappointed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: EXT. BASEBALL GAME - DAY.
text: Camera pans stadium crowd, until we find Gregory and Rose in
text: deep conversation- oblivious to their surroundings.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: --. Anyway, Alex was taking some
dialog: night classes and we got friendly.
dialog: It's so stupid. We used to sit in
dialog: coffee and share cigarettes. Talk. I
dialog: guess I built this whole fantasy of
dialog: him on those little things. Like
dialog: sharing cigarettes. It seemed like
dialog: such an intimate thing to do at the
dialog: time. And I don't even smoke. I
dialog: thought he was going to be my
dialog: romance. Then he met my sister and ...
speaker_heading: UMPIRE (0.S.)
text: STRIKE THREE!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (stands)
scene_heading: YOU STUPID BUM...THREE MILLION
text: DOLLARS A YEAR AND FOR WHAT! FOR WHAT!
text: Gregory is startled. Rose sits back down calmly and continues
dialog: talking.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: Anyway, they're getting married now
dialog: and in a way I'm glad because it's
dialog: finally over. I don't have to...
dialog: fantasize anymore.
text: Gregory nods. Rose eats one of his french fries. Pause.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You know, I've always been fascinated
dialog: by people's fascination with this
dialog: game. I don't see the point of
dialog: playing a game in which you exert all
dialog: that effort to wind up at the same
dialog: place you started?
text: Rose considers this but doesn't have an answer.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I don't know. My father loved it. We
dialog: had season tickets.
text: Someone gets a hit and a run is scored.
speaker_heading: COMTI MUED
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GREGORY
text: See! Now, he runs around and winds up
dialog: where he started - mathematically
dialog: this’ game has no point.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (lying) |
dialog: Well, actually it's about averages.
dialog: I mean that's what makes it exciting.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Averages?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yeah, see that scoreboard. Everytime
text: a player comes up they flash that
dialog: three digit number. Well that's the
dialog: players average ~ how many times he
dialog: hit the ball in ratio to how many.
dialog: times he stood up at bat. You're
text: dealing with several pitches coming
dialog: per time at bat ...And what a man can
dialog: do with these several pitches is
dialog: actually about pitting the man and
dialog: his skill against his average. It's
dialog: man versus the numbers because if he
dialog: can't maintain or surpass his
dialog: average, his contract gets cancelled
dialog: or he gets traded which is tantamount
dialog: to public humiliation...
text: Intrigued, Gregory pulls out a pad and pencil.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Now which number is it?
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. GREGORY'S CLASSROOM - DAY.
text: The students sit, dreading the boring class to come. The door
text: opens. Their faces register astonishment at what they see:
text: Gregory enters wearing tight jeans with designer tears on the
text: knees, a tight T-shirt, a baseball jacket and cap. The girls
text: jaws drop in admiration as he takes off his jacket to reveal
text: the outline of his torso. Gregory is clearly self-conscious,
text: but bravely continues:
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: So, let's see. What are we doing
dialog: today?
dialog: (reads)
text: Fibonacci ratios as they approach the
dialog: Greek Golden ratio.
dialog: (pause, then:)
dialog: Bummer.
text: Shock. Surprise. Some giggles,
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: Anybody see the game on Sunday? That
dialog: Marakesh. What a bum - huh?
text: Some students nod cautiously in disbelief.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: Let me put this before you. Let's say
dialog: Marakesh's contract states that he
dialog: must keep his average at 285 for a
dialog: period of at least 33 of the 52 game
dialog: season - not the the bum can, but
dialog: let's just say.
dialog: (class laughs)
dialog: Not figuring in the percentage of
dialog: balls to strikes ...
scene_heading: A MALE STUDENT
dialog: Prof. Larkin? Would you include
dialog: errors in that computation.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (thinks, then:)
dialog: I don't know. I'll have to ask Rose.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT.
text: Gregory talks excitedly. Rose has never seen him so animated.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: ««. and suddenly there was this
dialog: tangible energy in the room. We
dialog: actually exchanged ideas. We were
dialog: connected somehow. It was .. was ...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Great?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: GREAT! They came alive. They
dialog: participated. They STAYED!
dialog: - (Rose laughs)
dialog: And they laughed. I was funny Rose!
dialog: You know what I want to do for my
dialog: Phythagorean theory class. I want you
dialog: to expose me to your music, current
dialog: music, post 1799. I have an idea for
text: examining harmonic proportions.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: OK.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I can't thank you enough. I was a
dialog: better teacher today than I've ever
dialog: been because of you.
text: Rose smiles, deeply touched. A WAITER brings them two salads,
dialog: then offers:
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Fresh pepper?
text: Rose is about to answer when:
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: She doesn't like pepper, but I will.
dialog: And you can you bring her a side dish
dialog: of extra dressing. She likes a little
dialog: extra.
text: Rose is so moved by this gesture she can't take her eyes off
text: of Gregory, who proceeds to cut his his salad, oblivious to
text: how much that mean to Rose. She can hardly eat. Gregory
text: continues talking MOS = but Rose just stares at him, as if
text: abut to cry.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. LADIES BOUTIQUE - DAY.
text: Rose shops. Wearing her usual baggy clothes, she sorts
text: through a rack of similar black baggy clothes...But then
text: something catches her eye...
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A rack of tighter fitting, colorful dresses that go up to her
text: size. She puts it up to her body and decides to give it a try.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S CLASSROOM ~ DAY.
text: Her class awaits her arrival, talking amongst themselves.
text: Suddenly the door opens and they all look 0.S. in surprise.
text: A CAMERA PAN beginning from Rose's feet up her body reveals
text: A NEW LOOK - heels, shapely albeit full calves, a hemline
text: that starts at the knee outlining a tight fitting dress that
text: hugs her hips, waist, torso and breast...The look is
text: reminiscent of the sensuality of an Anna Magnani. Even though
text: a tummy shows and the behind spreads, their is an air of
text: defiant sexuality. She looks great (at least to this writer).
text: Rose obviously feels self-conscious, but bravely enters and
text: decides to stick by herself.
text: The class, especially the boys, are in shock. Rose looks at
text: them in silence and says;
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes. I have tits.
text: The class cracks up and the ice is broken.
dialog: cut TO:
text: MONTAGE: THROUGHOUT THE MONTAGE, WE NOTICE A BLOSSOMING IN
scene_heading: ROSE - MORE PHYSICALLY CONFIDENT, A BRAVER FASHION STYLE,
text: EVEN A SLIMMER APPEARANCE. She grows subtlely more attractive
text: before our eyes as Gregory grows more relaxed and boyish.
scene_heading: EXT. BALL PARK - DAY.
text: Rose teaches Gregory how to swing a bat correctly.
scene_heading: INT. GREG'S KITCHEN - ,
text: Rose whips up a gourmet meal with great joy as Gregory
text: watches like a eager apprentice.
scene_heading: INT. CLASS -
text: Rose wears another colorful, revealing outfit as she whips
text: her class into a frenzy.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: INT. GREGORY (AND ROSE'S) APARTMENT ~ NIGHT.
text: Gregory passionately explains some diagrams on his computer
text: as Rose listens attentively. We can tell he is loving the act
text: of sharing his life. And Rose is surrendering.
scene_heading: INT. MET OPERA - NIGHT.
text: Gregory and Rose listen to TRISTAN UND ISOLDE, as they share
text: his sound wave hand computer. Rose decides to take the
text: computer away and force Gregory to close his eyes and just
dialog: listen.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: LATER - SAME LOCATION.
text: Rose looks over to Gregory and notices his eyes are tearing
text: from the beauty of the music. She is beginning to adore this
dialog: man who is so open to experience and the world she can show
text: him. She covertly offers him a tissue. He accepts.
scene_heading: INT. DANCE CLUB - NIGHT.
text: Gregory dances to good old rock music - some Rolling Stones
text: classic - with Rose and Doris. His movements are awkward but
text: his dances without inhibition, surrendering to the music.
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT.
text: Rose is getting dressed just as frantically as she always
text: has. At her vanity, she opens her drawer of cosmetics and
text: cupcakes. Fishing around the mess, she finds and un-opened
text: bottle of PERFUME. She bravely tears off the wrapping and
text: cautiously applies some to her wrist. Liking it, she applies
text: it to a variety of spots.
scene_heading: INT. ROSE AND HANNAH'S APARTMENT - NIGHT.
text: Rose opens front door revealing Gregory.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Hi. Am I late?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: About twenty years. You look great.
text: Gregory enters and hands Rose some wine. He coughs from the
text: perfume. Rose put on a bit too much.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: Did I put on too much?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: No. It's nice. Just certain scents
dialog: make my eyes water.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'll go shower.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: No. Don't. Where's your mother?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Getting dressed. You'll know when she
dialog: enters the room ~ there'll be a
dialog: musical cue. Want to open this for me?
speaker_heading: HANNAH (0.S.)
dialog: Rose ... has our guest arrived.
text: Rose and Gregory turn to see Hannah, ever so gracefully
text: entering from the bedroom hallway, wearing a beautiful outfit
text: with coiffed hair and jewelry. A stark contrast to Rose's
dialog: apron and
text: jeans. She oozes charm and flirtatiousness.
text: Coincidentally, at that same moment, an ice-cream truck
dialog: passes by
dialog: whispers j
dialog: They both
text: on the street with it's Mr. Softee jingle. Rose
text: okingly to an amused Gregory.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: See, I told you.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I've been looking forward to meeting
dialog: you Mrs, Morgan.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Welcome. Welcome. You look very nice.
dialog: See, Rose - Gregory dressed for
dialog: dinner. What's that smell?
dialog: (Rose winces)
dialog: It seems odd that we haven't met
dialog: after all this time.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I thought so too.
dialog: look to Rose who wants to get this over with.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: My fault! Dinner's ready.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: She exits into the kitchen. Hannah smiles at Gregory.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM ~- NIGHT.
text: The table is beautifully set. Hannah and Gregory sit in
text: silence. Gregory notices the folded three-cornered napkins
text: and the meticulous detail with which Rose has prepared. 0S,
text: DONOVAN'S "SEASON OF THE WITCH" is playing much to Hannah's
dialog: annoyance.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Can we please have some silence
dialog: during dinner?
dialog: (to Gregory)
text: She either has her music playing or
dialog: the television. God forbid we should
text: have a conversation.
text: Rose shuts it off, enjoying Hannah's irritation. Rose enters
text: the dining room and sets down a beautiful platter of gourmet
dialog: food.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I hope you like it - it's a Viennese
dialog: dish. My father was haif-Viennese.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (Impressed)
dialog: My God Rose it's...it's art.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: No it is. An artist isn't just a
dialog: painter or sculptor. It's someone
dialog: that sets a table a certain way or
dialog: prepares food a certain way...0Or
dialog: teaches a certain way.
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: You are an artist, Rose.
text: Rose is thrilled by the comment. They look to Hannah for
dialog: confirmation.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: We should have separate dishes for
dialog: the salad Rose - use the Villeroy
text: Boch underneath the breakfront.
dialog: Please, Gregory - help yourself.
dialog: There's plenty. Rose and IT don't eat
dialog: very much.
text: Rose retrieves the salad plates and returns to the table.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (Cont'd)
dialog: And we never eat meat unless it's a
dialog: special occasion. Especially this
dialog: rich.
text: Gregory wonders about this. Rose is irritated by the lie. She
text: sits and Hannah passes her the salad. Rose puts down the.
text: salad and moves for the meat platter which Gregory helps her
dialog: with.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: It's delicious.
text: Hannah gives Rose a stare as she piles her plate with meat.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Rose?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What?!
text: Mother and daughter's irritation builds. Gregory hands Rose
dialog: the bread.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You have to dip the bread in this
dialog: gravy ~ it's amazing.
text: Rose smiles and takes the bread. The two are enjoying their
text: meal as Hannah quietly eats her salad, feeling thwarted.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: You know, my younger daughter Claire
text: is getting married at the end of the
dialog: month. I hope Rose has invited you to
dialog: come instead of insisting on going
dialog: alone. I know she would so appreciate
dialog: having someone there with here since-
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Mother!
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: What?
text: Rose feels embarrassed. Gregory throw her a smile as if to
dialog: say, “It's all right".
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Well, I-haven't been asked yet but
dialog: I'm secretly hoping I am.
dialog: (Rose smiles)
dialog: Maybe you can put in a good word for
dialog: me, Mrs. Morgan.
text: Hannah smiles falsely. Rose smirks gratefully to Gregory.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN ~- LATER THAT NIGHT.
text: Rose and Hannah are fighting.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You had no right to say that!
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: This is my house. I can say what I
dialog: like. And I'm telling you ~ you're
dialog: going to lose this one if you don't
dialog: watch out.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh please!
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Two servings of veal! Was that
dialog: necessary? You think men marry women
dialog: who wipe their plates clean?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We are not getting married. And he
dialog: likes the way I eat!
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Well then there's something wrong
dialog: with him. He's a good looking man.
dialog: You think men like that are
dialog: interested -
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Rose breaks a plate on purpose. Hannah is shocked into
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Don't you dare say what you're about
dialog: to say to me.
text: Rose is so threatening in her tone, Hannah retreats and
text: exits. Rose is shaken, but pulls herself together.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ART GALLERY ~ DAY.
text: A sign tells us it is an exhibition of a modern Hungarian
text: painter from the forties and fifties. Gregory leads Rose by
text: the hand - Rose is wearing a multi-colored sundress with a
text: revealing neckline and a wild picture hat.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What? What are we seeing?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: We're almost there.
text: Gregory leads her to a PAINTING - a six foot portrait of a
text: beautiful women with flaming red hair, half nude, wearing
text: only a camisole that is slipping off her body as she stands
text: before a sunlit window. The woman looks very similar to
text: Jessie. Rose looks at the picture.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: My God. She's beautiful.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: She's my mother.
dialog: (Rose is fascinated)
dialog: She lived in Europe after she left my
dialog: father and me. We didn't hear
dialog: anything for years until an associate
dialog: of my father's told us she was seen
dialog: with this Hungarian painter who was
text: starting to make a name for himself.
dialog: He apparently took his work back to
dialog: Hungary with him and it wasn't until
dialog: the Eastern Bloc fell that his work
dialog: came to the states.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Wow. Is she ... still alive?
speaker_heading: COWTIMUED
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: No. She died of cancer during my
dialog: second year at Harvard. She was
dialog: living with her fifth husband in
dialog: Seattle. I liked him. I went to all
dialog: the weddings. We always spent her
dialog: last night as a free woman together.
dialog: That's what she'd call it. I'd even
dialog: help her get dressed for the
dialog: ceremony. I remember being
text: fascinated watching her put on make-
dialog: up. I'd watch this ritual over and
dialog: over until I knew exactly the moment
dialog: when she would reach for the eyeliner
text: er blend in her rouge.
text: Rose listens, seeing the wounded boy inside Gregory for the
dialog: first time.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: But then every boy thinks they're
dialog: mother is beautiful, huh? I come to
dialog: see it whenever they give a showing
dialog: of his work ... But I've ... never
dialog: brought anyone before.
text: Rose is so touched. She reaches for his hand and holds it
text: tight. She is falling in love with this man. Gregory squeezes
text: her hand affectionately. It is a tender moment until ~-
speaker_heading: ALEX (0.S.)
dialog: Rose?
text: Rose is startled to see Alex approaching. Without thinking,
text: she abruptly lets go of Gregory's hand ~ a gesture both she
text: and Gregory notice. Alex kisses her helio. Rose feels
text: embarrassed by her knee-jerk reaction.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Alex. Hi. Uh, this is Gregory Larkin.
text: They shake hands, Gregory meeting Rose's secret love for the
dialog: first time.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I was with Morgan. He lets me in the
text: backroom to see the private stash.
dialog: (to painting)
dialog: This is a pretty one. What is it?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 74,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Gregory is uncomfortable as is Rose.
speaker_heading: . ROSE
dialog: Yes, We were just wondering who the
dialog: artist was.
text: Gregory is grateful for Rose not revealing his secret. Rose
text: feels awful for reacting as she did in Alex's presence.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JEEVES DRY CLEANERS - DAY.
text: Gregory exits the dry cleaners with his tuxedo. He walks down
text: the street. He passes by a NEWS STAND displaying a variety of
text: magazines and tabloids. He stops suddenly. He turns back to
text: the next stand. Something caught his eye. He moves toward one
dialog: particular magazine - a Parisian fashion monthly. He picks it
dialog: up to read the cover
scene_heading: INT. GREGORY'S BEDROOM - DAY.
text: Camera pans the tuxedo laying on the bed as the PHONE RINGS.
text: The answering machine picks up.
speaker_heading: ROSE (V.0.)
dialog: Greg it's me ... Listen, I have to go
dialog: with Claire to the church so you have
dialog: two choices ...
text: Camera pans to magazine cover which reads: POETESS WEDDING TO
text: GREEK BANKING KING. A photo of JESSICA in a wedding dress,
text: poised beside an older but dignified looking Greek gentleman.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: You can either go with my mother,
dialog: which would qualify you for
dialog: sainthood, or just meet us at the
dialog: church. Either way is fine. Give me
dialog: a call. Bye.
text: Gregory sits despondently. His heart sinks.
speaker_heading: curT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM ~ DAY.
text: It is the day of Claire's wedding. Rose sits at her vanity
text: wearing her maid of honor dress, trying to figure out some
dialog: way she can look prettier.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She tries as shake of lipstick on her upper lip. She's not
text: sure. She tries a different shade on her lower lip. She then
text: flips lips back and forth until she gives up and wipes them
text: off. Next, she’ tries her straight hair - pull it back, up,
text: over her ears. She lets it go. This is difficult for her. She
text: pulls open her drawer and takes out a cookie. Changing her
text: mind, she tosses it into the garbage. THE PHONE RINGS. She
text: hesitates before picking it up - having a bad premonition.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT :
scene_heading: INT, GREGORY'S APT. ~ DAY.
text: Gregory ~- half dressed - having a difficult time speaking.
scene_heading: INTERCUT THE CONVERSATIONS:
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: It's me.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Hi. I haven't heard from you in a
dialog: couple of days. Everything all right?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I don't know. I woke up ... feeling
dialog: a little dizzy ... and uh ...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Do you have a temperature?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I think I might ... I don't have a
dialog: thermometer.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well you should stay home ... get in
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Yeah I... I think I should ... I'm
dialog: so sorry Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: It's OK. Really. Take care of
dialog: yourself. I'll call you tomorrow. OK?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: Ss
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She hangs up. She acts as if she knows the truth. She rises
text: from her vanity and sits on the edge of her bed to put on her
text: shoes. On her bed lays A WOMEN'S FASHION MAGAZINE ~- opened to
text: the same magazine on which Jessie appears. She stares at
text: Jessie and feels foolish for thinking seriously about Greg.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - DAY.
text: A beautiful country church - complete with steeple and grassy
text: grounds. A figure in a bridesmaid gown rushes into the church.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH HALLWAY —- DAY.
text: ROSE, the woman in the bridesmaid gown, enters out of breath
text: and speaks to CLAIRE, the bride, who is pacing up and down;
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I don't know where she is.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I'11 kill her! I knew she'd do this
dialog: to me! She can't stand I'm the one
dialog: getting the attention today. Old
dialog: bitch! We should have had her
dialog: committed when she turned sixty.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Claire - you can't have someone
dialog: committed for excessive vanity.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (0.S.)
dialog: Thank you Rose.
text: Rose and Claire turn to the entrance to see HANNAH in an A
text: SEQUINED LOW CUT, SLINKY GOWN with a slit up the middle. She
text: holds a brown paper bag.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (Cont'd)
dialog: It's comforting to have one
dialog: compassionate daughter. Fix your
dialog: bust, Rose. It's going in two
dialog: directions.
text: Rose begins to adjust herself, like a Pavlovian reflex.
text: Enraged, Claire stares at the sexy dress in exasperation.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What the hell are you wearing?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: This happens to be a Scassi!
speaker_heading: CLATRE
dialog: You are the mother of the bride! You
dialog: are not the "opening act"!
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (insulted)
dialog: Fine! I'll go home and change.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Oh shut-up. Everybody's waiting. The
text: priest is starting to sweat.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: All celibates sweat - if they didn't,
dialog: they'd explode.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Just as a reminder, today is MY day
dialog: «+. MY FUCKING DAY! And if you don't
dialog: behave, I'm gonna have your birth
dialog: certificate blown up as a Christmas
dialog: card.
speaker_heading: HANNAH 5
dialog: I should have never encouraged you to
dialog: speak.
text: ROSE ushers her through the chapel doors. HANNAH smiles at
text: everyone, as they "ooo" and “aah" at her loveliness... She
text: walks down the aisle - taking as much time as a bride aight.
text: Rose and Claire watch from the hallway.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Look at Alex ... He's so nervous.
text: Rose looks at ALEX - yet thinking of Gregory.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (Cont'd)
dialog: That best man is cute ... Tch ... Oh
dialog: decision, decisions ... Your turn!
dialog: Go! Go!
speaker_heading: COMTINUED
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: She pushes Rose into the aisle. Rose doesn't like all the
text: eyes staring at her - she knows she doesn't look that pretty
text: in her pumpkin organza gown. She stares straight ahead,
text: careful to avoid Alex's eyes as she arrives at the altar.
text: Claire makes her way down. Everyone stands. Rose admires her
text: sister's beauty and poise. She discreetly glances over to Alex
speaker_heading: FANTASY:
text: Alex looks over to Rose and mouths the words, "I REALLY LOVE
text: YoU". Rose smiles and nods understandingly. Suddenly:
speaker_heading: GREGORY (0.S.)
speaker_heading: ROSE!
text: Everyone looks to the back of the church. GREGORY HAS .
text: ARRIVED. He runs down the aisle, pushing Claire aside, hops
text: over the altar and grabs Rose in his arms much to the shock
text: of Alex, the priest, Hanmah and the entire congregation. THEY
speaker_heading: KISS.
speaker_heading: REALITY:
text: Rose watches Alex watching Claire with great love - wondering
dialog: if anyone would ever look at her like that.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL RECEPTION HALL ~ NIGHT.
text: The party is in full swing. Rose wanders through the guests
text: with a full plate of buffet food, sitting down at a table
text: with Hannah. Hannah glares at her. Rose doesn't care. A
text: drunken, carefree Alex arrives on the scene. He puts his arm
text: around Rose, who is made immediately uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Have you seen Claire? I can't find
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (rises, taking his
dialog: arm off her)
dialog: Uh no..I'1l find her for you.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Thanks. You look beautiful tonight
dialog: Rose.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: {not believing him)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: No, I'm not just saying that. you
dialog: really look really beautiful.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I heard you. Why don't you go have
dialog: some coffee. I'1l find Claire.
text: Rose exits; Alex turns to Hannah to explain;
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I'm serious. I'm not being nice.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (sarcastically polite)
dialog: I know.
text: Rose makes her way through the reception hall when she hears
text: the band play a fanfare. She turns to the bandstand and sees
text: Claire poised there, ready to throw her bouquet.
speaker_heading: BANDLEADER
dialog: OK ... we'd like all the single
dialog: ladies up here on the dancefloor. Our
dialog: bride's going to toss the bouquet.
text: Not being able to stand this, Rose makes a hasty exit.
scene_heading: INT. EMPTY BALLROOM ~- NIGHT.
text: In an empty hotel ballroom, Rose sits by herself at a piano.
text: Rose is playing a beautiful melody that echoes throughout the
text: empty space. She is quietly crying as she hears the cheers
text: and laughter from the ballroom nearby.
text: Behind her, at the entrance - GREGORY APPEARS wearing a
text: tuxedo. He quietly crosses to her.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I didn't know you played piano.
text: Rose is startled but hides her surprise with coolness.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Mother thought I needed something
text: growing up. It was either piano or a
dialog: nose job. What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I... came to apologize. Rose, I
dialog: wasn't really sick ... I was-
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I know. It was Jessie ... I read
dialog: about it. You don't have to do this.
dialog: You certainly didn't have to dress up
dialog: to do this.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I'm sorry. I wanted to be here for
dialog: you. Are you all right?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Fine. Like I said, I don't have to
dialog: fantasize anymore.
dialog: (adds)
dialog: About anyone.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Rose, I want to ask you something.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Gregory, I think we should stop
dialog: seeing each -
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Please. Before you say that, just
dialog: listen. Because I can only say this
dialog: once. I've been sitting in ny
dialog: apartment for days thinking it out so
dialog: don't feel as if I'm being impulsive.
dialog: Rose ... I'm very ... very fond of
dialog: you. When I'm with you I feel ina
dialog: strange way as if - I'm home. I think
dialog: we ... I think we're great together.
dialog: And I think ...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What are you saying?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Well whatever it is, I'm saying it
dialog: wrong, aren't I? This feeling you
dialog: have for Alex - I know it isn't the
dialog: same with me. But I think ... we have
text: a kind of love that doesn't look like
dialog: anything else. It's may be difficult
dialog: to pinpoint but I believe it's there.
dialog: We have a passion for knowledge and
dialog: for all that life can show us instead
dialog: of a passion for each other. But's
dialog: it's real. I know I've never
dialog: mentioned it before but I had hoped
dialog: you could feel it. In our own way, I
dialog: believe we love other.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I think we should get married.
text: Rose is stunned. Her mind is racing.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: I know what you're thinking? We
dialog: haven't had sex. If this were 1900
dialog: that wouldn't be a question but since
dialog: it's not all I can say is - it's not
dialog: that important to me. What we have
dialog: instead, is. I figure we'll just let
dialog: the rest of it happen naturally.
dialog: (Rose is speechless)
dialog: Our experiences with love in the past
dialog: have left us miserable. But, perhaps,
dialog: there was an order to it. Perhaps, it
dialog: led us here.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (pause, then:)
dialog: I know this is going to sound really
dialog: stupid but ... all I keep thinking of
dialog: is - how can I marry someone I've
dialog: never even kissed?
dialog: Bl.
text: Gregory considers this then, very slowly, carefully, sits
text: down beside Rose and gently kisses her-
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Any other considerations?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Just one question. This is really
dialog: happening, isn't it?
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROSE & HANNAH'S APARTMENT ~ NIGHT.
text: Rose sits at her vanity, still in her bridesmaid gown. Rose
text: enters, already dressed for bed.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: What are you doing? What's wrong?
text: Rose hesitates for a moment - then decides to tell her.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Gregory proposed to me.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: WHAT! ?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: A man proposed to me. Do you want a
dialog: valium!?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: But ... you hardly know this man. You
dialog: said it wasn't that kind of
dialog: relationship. You said you've never
dialog: even been physical with him.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I haven't.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: {shocked)
dialog: And you said yes!?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes. He wants me. He wants ME! Maybe
dialog: not the way you and Claire were
dialog: wanted but wanted just the same.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: To cook and clean for him probably.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well then it won't be much different
dialog: from living here.
speaker_heading: COMTI MUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Hannah is
dialog: 83.
text: insulted further. Rose talks more intimately;
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: Look, I admit it isn't your average
dialog: marriage proposal but -
dialog: (vulnerably)
dialog: Nothing else is coming, we both know
dialog: that - this may be it for me. He says
dialog: he loves me in his way. Maybe that's
dialog: all I can have.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: You're in love with him aren't you?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No I ...
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (strong, curt)
dialog: Listen to me, my darling daughter. I
dialog: may have made a great many mistakes
dialog: when it came to you so I know you
dialog: have no respect for my opinion. But
dialog: if you marry this man loving hin,
dialog: knowing he doesn't love you in the
dialog: same way - he'll hate you for it. I
dialog: know. I was never "in love" with your
dialog: father “that way". I married him
dialog: because I knew he adored me and
dialog: always would but after a while that
dialog: adoration became insufferable to me.
dialog: I couldn't stand him touching me.
dialog: Every gesture had this pathetic plea
dialog: to love him in return and I simply
dialog: couldn't do it. That he died first
dialog: and so early was his good fortune.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Poor daddy.
speaker_heading: HANNAH -
dialog: It was torture for me! And it's the
dialog: same torture you'll be putting him
dialog: through.
text: For a moment, Rose believes her. But she fights back.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You'll say anything to keep me here,
dialog: won't you? Youtre scared to death of
dialog: being alone and your jealous ~
dialog: jealous of someone finding something
dialog: in me worth wanting! You know you
dialog: can't compete with Claire but me! A
dialog: man wanting me! How ridiculous! Well
dialog: ya know something mother - a man
dialog: does! So you can just eat your
dialog: fucking heart out!
dialog: ¢she rises)
dialog: Do you honestly believe that by
dialog: keeping me this spinster daughter,
dialog: your beauty lasts any longer? You're
dialog: getting old mom. And there's nothing
dialog: that I can do about it.
text: Hannah is stung by the truth of Rose's words as Rose exits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CITY HALL - DAY.
text: Gregory and Rose, both in suits, stand in front of a judge,
text: with witnesses Henry on one side and Doris on the other.
text: Hannah is not present. As the judge speaks, Rose notices
dialog: things around the office that don't exactly fit a romantic's
text: dream wedding; An old Mr. Coffee half full with dirty coffee
text: mugs and coffee grinds around a used filter... Dirty, grimy
text: windows looking out over gray office buildings with pigeons
text: perched on them... The judges clerk, a bored black woman,
text: eating her bag lunch and reading a Danielle Steele book.
text: Rose looks to Gregory who faces the judge with an immobile
text: expression. She then looks over to Doris, who offers a
text: sympathetic smile - as if Doris understands. Rose smiles back
text: gratefully.... She turns, hoping she's making the right
dialog: choice.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GREGORY (AND ROSE'S) BEDROOM ~ DAY.
text: GREGORY'S BED HAS BEEN REPLACED BY TWO TWIN BEDS with
text: bureaus. Rose unpacks her things into her bureau. She moves
text: about the room with a tentativeness. She moves to Gregory's
text: bureau. She examines his things - a book, an extra pair of
text: glasses, a cologne, a box of cufflinks and tie-pins - with
dialog: care and curiosity. These are her husband's things. The
text: thought flashes across her mind. Gregory enters.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: Bs.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Rose returns to her un-packing.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I've’ made some room on the shelves
dialog: for your books. I've put those boxes
dialog: in the living room. Are you finding
dialog: everything easily?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes. I'm finished. All unpacked.
text: A wedding night nervousness pervades.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: So, uh, what would you like to do?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Go to bed ...
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: To sleep. To sleep in bed. Go to bed
dialog: to sleep.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: It's been a long day. I have an early
dialog: student's meeting. When do you have
dialog: to get up?
dialog: (fixing the alarm)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: My first class is at ten.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I'll try not to wake you.
text: Pause. They stand awkwardly opposite each other.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: Would you like to use the bathroom
dialog: first?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Great. Yes. Thanks.
text: She takes her robe and things and exits into bathroom.
text: Gregory takes a breath and begins to undress. He takes off
text: his tie and methodically folds it onto a tie rack where other
text: ties lay in prefect order. He undoes his shirt, puts it on a
text: hanger and buttons it up again fastidiously.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: B86,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: He takes off his pants and folds them so the creases remain
text: in tact upon the hanger. At that moment, Rose speaks as she
text: opens the door.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: Greg, where is the-
text: Seeing Gregory in nothing but his underwear, Rose freezes.
text: Gregory also doesn't know where to put his eyes or hands. He
text: tries to act casual.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Where is what?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (tongue-tied)
dialog: The uh...the...uh...
dialog: {can't remember)
dialog: Hahaha...um....
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Washcloths?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: OK ... Yeah ... Yes. Washcloths!
speaker_heading: GREGORY
text: Under the sink.
text: She closes the door. Gregory quickly puts on his robe. He
text: realizes this is more difficult than he thought.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - LATE AT NIGHT.
text: Gregory is asleep. Rose's bed is unmade, but empty. Camera
text: pans around to Rose, sitting in a chair by the window,
text: drinking a cup of tea quietly. She wears men's pajamas and
text: robe. She rises. She crosses to a mirror and looks at herself
text: and her wedding ring. She is now a married woman. She wonders
text: if she looks any differently. She sees a shopping bag by her
text: bureau containing an unwrapped present. She takes the bag
text: into the bathroom, closing the door.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM ~ NIGHT.
text: Removing the box, she opens it and reads a gift card: FOR A
text: MARRIED LADY...I WANT POLAROIDS OF THE WEDDING NIGHT - LOVE
text: YOU, DORIS. Rose smiles. She lifts a beautiful negligee out
text: of the box and puts it up to her body.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Looking in the mirror, she wonders if she will ever get to
dialog: use it.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
speaker_heading: MONTAGE ~
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS ~ DAY.
text: Rose and Gregory walk hand in hand. Rose notices young girls
text: noticing them and she likes it. They reach a place where they
text: must separate. For an awkward moment, they don't know how to
text: kiss each other. Finally they give each other a quick peck on
text: the cheek. Gregory exits. Rose looks frustrated.
scene_heading: INT. GREGORY'S CLASS ~ DAY.
text: In jeans and a sweater, Gregory continues his new, popular
dialog: teaching style.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM ~ NIGHT.
text: Rose is reading in bed. Gregory is in the bathroom with the
text: door half open. Rose can't heip but sneak a peak from the bed
text: to the mirror inside the bathroom, where she sees Gregory
text: stepping out of the shower. When he reaches for a towel, his
text: arm shuts the door - cutting off Rose's view. She returns to
dialog: her book.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM MILE - DAY.
text: Rose stops to buy flowers on the street with Henry's neweat
text: young BRUNETTE. Camera continues on to Henry and Gregory who
dialog: continue walking.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: So how old is she?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Twenty-three. I met her at a Paul
dialog: Bunyon Shadow seminar. She served the
dialog: juice. I have to tell you - Having
dialog: sex with someone that young, who
dialog: hasn't experienced the same history
dialog: as you is mind blowing. I'm buried
dialog: inside her, thinking; She was born
dialog: after Watergate.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: COMTIMUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: a8.
speaker_heading: HENRY (cont'd)
dialog: It never happened to her. These tits
dialog: know nothing of presidential
dialog: betrayal. And suddenly, I didn't
dialog: either. It was the most utopian fuck
dialog: I've ever had.
dialog: (changing subject)
dialog: So, how about you. Looks like it's
dialog: going well.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Better than that.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: She looks different from the wedding
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Different? How?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: No I mean that in a good way. Have
dialog: you two... ?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: No, and it hasn't made a bit of
dialog: difference.
text: But we can tell that Henry's sexual escapades have left an
text: impression of yearning in Gregory.
text: Meanwhile, Rose asks the Brunette, incredulously.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: How many times?
speaker_heading: BRUNETTE
dialog: Five. He has incredible stamina. I
dialog: couldn't walk.
text: Rose is impressed, and a little jealous.
speaker_heading: curT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT.
text: On the way to a Carnegie Hall concert, Gregory and Rose walk
dialog: and talk.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I've noticed over the past month or
dialog: sa you've been dressing differently.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (asks boldly)
dialog: Oh. Do you like it?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: However you wish to dress is for you
dialog: to choose. I wouldn't think of
dialog: interfering. I only wondered what
dialog: prompted the change?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (disappointed, she
dialog: covers;)
dialog: Oh, new season. New clothes.
text: An awkward moment of silence. As they approach the entrance
text: to Carnegie Hall, an 0.S. VOICE CALLS:
speaker_heading: BARRY (0.S.)
dialog: Rose?
text: Rose turns to see BARRY NEUFELD arm in arm with A PLAIN WOMAN
text: NAMED GLORIA - shorter and heavier than Rose, with a huge
dialog: smile and
text: friendly eyes.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Barry! HI...
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: You look great. Oh, this is
dialog: Gloria..Gloria this is Rose...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: HI...This is..Gregory Larkin
speaker_heading: BARRY ,
dialog: Yes I know. I'm a fan of your book.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You look great Barry.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Marriage agrees with me.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Marriage!? Congratulations!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: $0,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: (ecstatic)
dialog: Thank you!
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Yep, finally found someone who like
dialog: my tricks.
text: They laugh, albeit somewhat uncomfortably. But Barry and
text: Gloria are truly crazy about each other. Barry hugs her
text: tighter and kisses her hand. There is physical affection
text: between the two. Rose is very moved by the gesture.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'm really happy for you.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Thanks. You too! Better go in huh.
text: They all begin to enter...Rose with Gregory by her side but
text: not touching. Barry and Gloria walk with his arm hugging her
text: waist. Rose can't help but notice.
scene_heading: INT. CARNEGIE HALL ~ NIGHT.
text: Greg and Rose sit together listening to STRAUSS' OVERTURE TO
text: "DER ROSENKAVALIER". The music is lush and romantic. She
text: glances over to Barry and Gloria, who sits with Barry's arm
text: around her shoulder. They never seem to be further away than
text: a touch. They seem so happy to her. Rose feels a little sad.
text: Gregory takes out his sound wave computer. Rose smiles at
text: him - but it's not the same.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: INT. GREGORY & ROSE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT.
text: Gregory is on the floor finishing sit-ups as Rose hold his
text: feet down, with a towel around her neck. He is bare-chested
text: and sweaty. Rose eyes him with lustful longing.
speaker_heading: FANTASY:
text: Gregory stops his sit-ups and stares back at her. Suddenly,
text: he lunges toward Rose and gives her a passionate Kiss as he
text: rolls on top of her.
speaker_heading: REALITY:
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Gregory finishes up his last sit-up with A MOAN OF PLEASURE.
text: Rose moves behind him to towel wipe his back and neck.
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
text: Gathering up her courage, Rose decides to make a move. She
text: turns the wipe down into a massage, rubbing deeper and deeper
text: into his back, moving her hands down the front of his body.
text: Gregory suddenly gets nervous and tenses up.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: ow!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (stops)
dialog: oh! Sorry! Was that too hard?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (vises)
dialog: No ... that's OK. I'm all sweaty. I
dialog: should shower and uh ... I have to
dialog: floss.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, when you gotta floss, you gotta
dialog: floss.
text: He exits into the bathroom. Rose sits on the floor
text: frustrated. We hear a crash in the bathroom. Gregory exits
text: holding an old cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Rose ... please ... could you
dialog: remember not to leave your morning
dialog: coffee in the bathroom
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Sure. Sorry.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Thank you.
text: He reenters the bathroom. Rose remains on the floor -
text: disappointed and frustrated.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT.
text: Rose is cooking as she listens to DYLAN'S "STUCK INSIDE A
text: MOBILE WITH THOSE MEMPHIS BLUES AGAIN" blasting on the living
text: room stereo. Gregory enters and yells over the music.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Hi.
text: There is a coolness between then.
dialog: Before he
dialog: turns off
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Would you mind terribly if we put
dialog: something else on during dinner? I
dialog: was wondering if maybe you'd like to-
text: can finish, Rose marches out of the kitchen and
text: the stereo. Gregory is surprised by her abruptness.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: We didn't have to take it off now. I
dialog: only meant ...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Gregory - you don't like Dylan. You
dialog: want to put on opera put it on.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Not if you don't want -
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Gregory, put the damn opera on!
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (intimidated)
dialog: Which one would you like?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What's the difference as long as it's
dialog: someone singing about death and
dialog: suicide.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Well not all opera is -
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Gregory! That was not an invitation
dialog: to an opera lesson OK.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Rose, are you upset about something?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Look! You don't like Dylan, just say
dialog: so - don't act like it's just a
dialog: suggestion you're making and then
dialog: turn it around so suddenly it's ME
dialog: who chooses what fucking opera what
dialog: we hear!
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Why are you angry?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Because I feel like it! Don't you
dialog: ever shout or lose control or feel
dialog: angry for no apparent good reason!?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I don't see the point. It's not very
dialog: constructive.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No, it's just human.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Are you're implying I'm not human?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'M NOT IMPLYING! I'M SAYING IT!
text: Pause. Gregory assess the situation.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Maybe it would be best if we had some
dialog: distance tonight and gathered
dialog: ourselves. I'11 eat out.
text: He exits. Rose wants to clobber hin.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT.
text: Rose is in bed reading a book, blasting JIMI HENDRIX from the
text: living room. A tired Gregory enters. Rose doesn't bother to
text: look up from her book. Gregory crosses into the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM ~- NIGHT.
text: Gregory enters to find TEN CUPS OF OLD COFFEE SURROUNDING THE
text: SINK. His temper rises but he controls it.
dialog: 94,
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM -
text: Gregory asks politely.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: If this is a joke, I'm missing it.
text: Rose puts down her book AND BEGINS TO FLOSS HER TEETH.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: I'm really at a loss here. Can't we
dialog: discuss what's ...
text: The music invades his concentration.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: That music is a little loud. Would
dialog: you mind if I...
text: The guitar licks seem to get louder. Gregory is clearly angry
text: but holds it back. He yells to be heard.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
text: IS IT NECESSARY TO HAVE THE MUSIC
dialog: THIS LOUD?!
text: Rose jumps to her knees and defiantly pushes her face up to
dialog: his.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: YES!
text: Face to face, lips almost touching, it looks as if they might
dialog: hit each other or -
speaker_heading: FANTASY:
text: Gregory grabs Rose and flings her down. He rips off his shirt
text: and tie and pounces on her.
speaker_heading: REALITY:
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I'm really at a loss as to what is
dialog: going on here.
text: Rose deflates. She gets off the bed and exits into the living
text: room. We hear the music shut off. Gregory stands confused.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTDOOR CAFE - DAY.
text: Rose, Doris and Claire are having lunch. Rose is only playing
text: with her food while the two others eat heartily.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: You're making an awful lot of
dialog: assumptions. Have you talked to him
dialog: about it?
dialog: (Rose shakes her head)
dialog: Well then how do you know how he
dialog: feels?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Doris - we never make love! He never
dialog: tells me I look pretty. He never ...
text: looks at me like that.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Well do you ever look at him like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Please - if I looked at him with any
dialog: more desire, I'd set him on fire.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Maybe that's what he needs. Maybe you
dialog: have to make the first move. Men are
dialog: really stupid, Rose. God gave'em
dialog: dicks so they'd have something to
dialog: hold onto when they scratch their
dialog: heads! Sometimes, I have to bang Ray
text: over his head just to let him know
dialog: I'm in the mood.
speaker_heading: DORIS/ROSE
dialog: Ray?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Who's Ray?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Ray? Did I say Ray? I mean Alex. Ray!
dialog: Hal Who's Ray?
text: Rose and Deris look at each other suspiciously.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S OFFICE - DAY.
text: A sullen Gregory sits before a sympathetic Henry.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Have you tried making love?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Well, that's just it. I honestly
dialog: haven't had the desire. And what if
dialog: if it doesn't work? Our relationship
dialog: was never based on that. I love her
dialog: a great deal but ...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: She's not Jess.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: That has nothing to do with it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Your publisher called me. He said he
dialog: spoke to you about a lecture tour in
dialog: London and Paris when your book gets
dialog: released next month. Wanted to know
dialog: if I would be amenable to replacing
dialog: you for the rest of the semester.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: I know. I haven't said anything
dialog: because I haven't decided if I want
dialog: to do it or not.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: He said the offer came from their
dialog: overseas counterpart Beaux Art
dialog: Publishing. Isn't that one of the
dialog: companies Jessie's new husband owns?
text: Gregory doesn't answer. Obviously this secret has been
text: influencing him. Henry begins with what seems like a non-
dialog: sequitur:
speaker_heading: HENRY (Cont'd)
dialog: Do you know that in the past two
dialog: years I've been with ... eleven
dialog: aifferent women, most of them half my
dialog: age. Not one lasted longer than two
dialog: months. Some didn't last the night.
dialog: Not one of them had a sense of humor
dialog: I understood.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 97,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: HENRY (cont'd)
dialog: One girl actually thought A FAREWELL
dialog: TO ARMS was a new diet book. I went
dialog: to my gym the other day and saw the
text: most incandescent creature climbing
text: a Stairmaster. Even her sweat was
text: perfectly distributed about her body.
text: I thought she was staring at me the
dialog: whole time until I realized she had
text: head phones on and was looking at MTV
text: on a monitor behind my head. I went
dialog: into the locker room and walked my
text: naked 56 year old body through a room
text: of Apollos and sat in a steam room
dialog: where I was propositioned by a bald
text: man with hair on his shoulders. It
dialog: was the highlight of my day.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Don't give up on this Greggy. You
dialog: don't know what you have.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - NIGHT.
text: Rose is in the kitchen preparing two glasses of wine. She
text: wears a negligee that's flimsier than anything we've seen her
text: in. She checks her face in the reflection of the microwave,
text: then breathes a deep sigh.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT.
text: Gregory sits up in his bed watching a ballgame. He too looks
text: anxious as Rose enters with a tray and two glasses. He tries
text: to cover his anxiety with conversation.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I uh...I have the game on for you.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh well ... we don't have to watch.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Doesn't matter to me.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I bought that wine Henry recommended.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Oh, before bed? I don't know Rose.
dialog: T'll wake up with head pressure.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No it's white - you said only red
dialog: does that.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: All right. One glass.
text: Rose offers him a glass, then sets the tray on her bed,
text: taking her glass. She stands as they sip.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: Mmm ... good. Fruity. I don't
dialog: normally like fruity but this is
dialog: good.
text: Gregory realizes she's standing. He asks gently;
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: Do you want to sit down?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (acting surprised)
dialog: Oh OK.
text: Rose walks around to the other side of Gregory's bed and sits
text: down next to him, leaning up against a pillow. They both feel
text: immediately uncomfortable though pretending they don't. They
text: sip in silence, each body rigid and detached from the other.
text: They both have their eyes on the game but neither is
text: watching. Rose decides to make her move. She sets her glass
text: on the nightstand then scoots herself up higher on the
text: pillow. Gregory keeps his eyes straight ahead.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: That wine made me warn.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I could lower the thermostat,
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No, it's OK
text: Pause. They return to the TV. Rose musters all her courage
text: and begins to unravel the tie that keeps her nightgown
text: fastened. She nervously loosens it enough to open the front,
text: revealing her cleavage and the outline of her breasts.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Gregory, knowing full well what she has done, keeps his eyes
text: on the set. PAUSE. No one moves ... until -
text: AT EXACTLY THE SAME MOMENT;
text: Rose moves to give Gregory a kiss, just as Gregory turns away
text: to place his glass on the other nightstand. Rose's face butts
text: Gregory's shoulder, which jolts him forward, knocking over
text: the wine glass. He tries to retrieve it but, in a split
text: second, knocks over the lamp instead and throwing the room
text: into darkness. The only illumination comes from the TV.
speaker_heading: GREGORY/ROSE
dialog: I'm sorry. No..My fault..Sorry.
text: Pause. Gregory faces her and asks apprehensively yet bluntly;
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Do ... do you want to ...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Don't say it.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (logically)
dialog: Well maybe if we undress and get into
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (acting surprised)
dialog: Oh ... all right.
text: Then stiffly turn away from each other and begin to disrobe.
text: Then, each slips beneath the covers and lay next to each
text: other, looking up at the ceiling. Both are clearly nervous
text: and apprehensive. They turn on their sides to face each
text: other. The lovemaking that follows is precisely choreographed
dialog: in beats; . -
text: - They begin with passionless, mechanical kisses. Neither one
text: touching the other. Their feelings in check.
text: ~- Rose begins to feel something first. She plants a kiss on
text: Gregory that lingers a bit longer. Gregory keeps his eyes
text: open as Rose begins to lose herself a little.
text: - Gregory feels it is his move and he chooses to stroke her
text: hair and face. Rose receives this with some self~-
dialog: consciousness.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: ~ Rose then grabs his hand and pulls him toward her, as she
text: raps her arms around him and kisses him firmly and
text: passionately.
dialog: ~ We can tell Gregory is still a little stiff but this
text: doesn't hinder Rose. She begins to ravage him, pushing on his
text: back and kissing his face, neck and shoulders. Gregory begins
text: to have trouble breathing...Rose kisses him again on the
dialog: mouth.
text: ~ Gregory returns the kisses - BUT THERE IS NO PASSION. He's
dialog: thinking too hard ~- refusing to let go and open up that part
text: of him. Rose works even harder; rubbing him, touching him,
text: kissing his body. But Gregory gives very little in the way of
dialog: surrender or response.
text: ~ Rose pulls Gregory back on top of her and he tries to:
text: enter. She continues touching, kissing and hugging but WE CAN
text: SEE THAT SHE IS CRYING, knowing that he is not responding.
text: ~ Gregory, working at feeling something, finds that he
text: cannot. He suddenly stops trying. He pulls himself off of
text: Rose, who quickly raises the sheet over to her bedy. She
text: wants to die. Gregory searches for an explanation.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I'm so sorry Rose. I'm...
text: Rose turns away from him and starts to cry silently; He
text: doesn't know what to say. He feels very badly.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Cont'd)
dialog: Rose?
text: Rose hides her face, filled with hurt and shame.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Please. I just want to go to sleep.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Rose. Listen ... What we have ...
dialog: I've never had with a woman what I
dialog: share with you ... The way I feel
dialog: about myself with you ... the way I
dialog: see myself through you. You're so
dialog: good for me.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (into her pillow)
dialog: I can't tell you how tired I am of
dialog: being good for people.
text: Gregory doesn't know what to say. Rose pulls herself together.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: I... I really don't want to talk
dialog: right now OK? Let's talk tomorrow. I
dialog: ++. I just want to go to sleep.
text: Rose turns into her bed. Gregory shuts off the light.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN ~ MORNING.
text: Gregory, dressed for school, sits as Rose pours his coffee.
text: She sits opposite him - calmly and collected.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I think it would be a good idea if we
dialog: had some time apart for a while.
dialog: Don't you agree?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: If that's what you want.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I think it would be a good thing.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I've been offered a lecture tour for
dialog: my book. I can start next month.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: London and... Paris.
text: Rose feels a pang of despair when she hears "Paris".
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Will you see her, do you think?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I don't know Rose,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Pause. Rose smiles to herself.
speaker_heading: . ROSE
dialog: Wrong answer. Well, anyway, I don't
dialog: think I want to wait the month. I
dialog: think I'll move back with my mother
dialog: for a while. Then when you get back
dialog: from Europe, we'll ... we'll see what
dialog: we feel, OK?
text: Gregory nods. He reaches for her hand but Rose moves away
dialog: with the excuse: :
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: I have to get the toast.
text: She exits into the kitchen. Gregory feels awful.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S OLD BEDROOM - NIGHT.
text: Rose enters and shuts the door slowly. She takes in the room
text: for a moment, then removes her coat. She sits down at her
text: vanity. She looks at herself in the mirror, coldly.
text: HANNAH enters, in a silk robe and stands in the doorway. She
text: looks old. As if since Rose's departure, her own age has
text: suddenly advanced itself. She says coldly.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I have plans tomorrow so if your
dialog: things are coming you should tell the
text: doorman to accept then.
text: Rose doesn't even flinch, or look in her direction. She
text: speaks in a deadened tone, void of any sentiment or emotion
text: as stares into the mirror and remembers; -
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: When I was a little girl you used to
dialog: tell me to sleep with my index finger
dialog: pushing my nose up, so it wouldn't
text: droop.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I did not.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes you did. It's funny what mothers
dialog: forget and what daughters remember.
dialog: You even suggested I scotch tape my
dialog: nose up so I'd be more comfortable.
dialog: You told me if I was fat, no one
dialog: would ever look at me and smile. And
dialog: the funny thing is, I would have
dialog: never known I wasn't beautiful if it
dialog: wasn't for those things. All those
dialog: hours I. wasted wishing I looked like
dialog: someone else. All that time.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I'm going to bed.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Mom?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: How did it feel?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: How did what feel?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Being beautiful?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Please. You're being morbid.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: No I mean it. Having people look at
dialog: you with such ... recognition?
dialog: Looking at yourself with such _
dialog: appreciation ... How did it feel?
text: Hannah seriously considers this and says, with genuine
dialog: feeling -
dialog: bordering on longing;
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: It was wonderful.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 104,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Two women in silence - one contemplating the future, the
dialog: other wishing for the past.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LONDON HOTEL ~ NIGHT.
text: Gregory is receiving his dinner from room service. He signs
text: the check. The waiter leaves. He turns on a classical music
text: station and sits down to eat. The first thing he sees is a
text: THREE CORNERED FOLDED NAPKIN. He thinks of Rose.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. WARNER'S OFFICE ~ DAY.
text: The doctor sits an a computer terminal imputing information
text: as Rose sits beside him. The terminal has a facsimile of
text: Rose, with the doctor making additions or subtractions as
dialog: they speak.
speaker_heading: DR. WARNER
dialog: See if we take a little off the chin
dialog: and pull this up...
dialog: (imputs)
dialog: We can take the bump out of the nose
dialog: and remove the cartilage here and
dialog: maybe build up this area ... We may
dialog: also want to do some cheek
dialog: reconstruction. How's that?
text: Warner exchanges seats with Rose. Rose looks at this new
text: image of herself - with refined, softened features. Although
text: she loses her own uniqueness, the image is definitely more
text: recognizably beautiful and feminine.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Wow. I look like Bambi.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. FRENCH HOTEL LOBBY - DAY.
text: Gregory is registering at the hotel. A CLERK brings him a
text: SEALED LETTER with his name on it.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: This arrived for you yesterday.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Gregory takes the note. The handwriting is distinctly
text: feminine. The initials "J. A." in the corner. Gregory's heart
text: begins to race.
speaker_heading: curT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - DAY.
text: Henry and Rose talk as they stroll. Henry has his arm around
text: her affectionately.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Have you heard from yet?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No. I'm sure they're together.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I don't think so. Knowing Greg as I
dialog: do, he's too much of a gentleman.
dialog: He'd probably call to ask for
dialog: permission first. I know this may be
dialog: hard to believe, but you mean a great
dialog: deal to him.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: A great deal. That's what I am.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: There are some men who have heen
dialog: known to come to their senses about
dialog: this sort of thing. .
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Name one?
dialog: (Henry can't)
dialog: You men have it made. Love is the
dialog: ultimate unequal opportunity. You
dialog: guys hire and fire with complete
dialog: discrimination. I hate love. It makes
dialog: you lose your sense of irony. It
dialog: wouldn't be as hard having a man
dialog: leave you if he didn't take your
dialog: sense of humor with hin.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I think men are men because we don't
dialog: have the guts to be women. You know
dialog: why I sleep with girls?
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HENRY (cont'd)
dialog: Because they are the perfect
dialog: symbiosis of all that is possible and
dialog: all that is mysterious. Life runs
text: through them at light speed. As I get
dialog: older I realize I'm not so much a
dialog: lech as I am a vampire.
text: They stop. Henry speaks sincerely to Rose.
speaker_heading: . HENRY (Cont'd)
dialog: I wish to God I had the guts to be
dialog: with someone like you.
text: Rose considers this compliment then says calmly.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Fuck you.
text: Henry shrugs in agreement and they continue walking.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LES DEUX MAGOT - DAY.
text: On the Place Saint-Germain-de-Pres, Gregory sits at a large
text: corner outdoor cafe, DEUX MAGOT. He sits expectantly. A
text: WHITE LIMOUSINE drives up to the curb. A uniformed driver
text: gets out and opens the door. Gregory's heart stops.
text: JESSIE, wearing a beautiful white suit with pearls, looks
text: every inch the wife of a millionaire. She is stunning.
text: Gregory can hardly move. She crosses to his table and stands
dialog: before hin.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Hi.
text: Jessie leans over and kisses him on the cheek. Gregory gets
text: a whiff of her and nearly swoons. She sits.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (Cont'd)
dialog: Do you know I only found out last
dialog: week that you're married. Do I know
dialog: her?
dialog: (He shakes his head)
dialog: It looks good on you.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You look ... breathtaking.
dialog: 107.
text: Jessie smiles, genuinely appreciating the remark. A WAITER
text: approaches. IN SUBTITLES, JESSIE SAYS IN FRENCH:
speaker_heading: JESSICA
text: White wine and a small house salad.
dialog: No dressing.
text: Gregory thinks of Rose.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM (HANNAH'S APARTMENT) - NIGHT.
text: Rose sits curled up in her bed watching TV in an old sweat
text: suit. Hannah enters wearing a simple sweater and pants
text: outfit. She looks softer than usual, but just as beautiful.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: So, have you decided?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: The plastic surgery.
dialog: (Rose shakes her head)
dialog: Well, I want you to know that if you
dialog: decided to go through with it - it's
dialog: my gift. I'll pay for everything.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: What do you mean why? I'm your
dialog: mother. I want to do this for you. I
dialog: think it's a terrific idea. Get rid
dialog: of the old. Start fresh. Get a whole
dialog: new outlook on things. And whether or
dialog: not this husband of yours come home
dialog: wanting to continue or not, you'll
dialog: the power to choose what you want.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Why can't I do all that without
dialog: surgery?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: los.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (stumped)
dialog: Well ... I suppose you can. I just
dialog: want you to know I supportive of this
dialog: in case you decide that's what you
dialog: want.
text: Hannah feels very motherly. Rose smiles, seeing this silly
dialog: woman who once could hurt her so deeply, as something
text: endearing, almost innocently unconscious.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (Cont'd)
dialog: After you left, I rearranged all the
dialog: closets and I came across some old
dialog: clothes of your fathers. I found
dialog: this. I thought you'd get a kick out
dialog: of it.
text: Hannah pulls a photograph out of her purse. Rose looks over
text: Hannah's shoulder at AN OLD PHOTO OF A PRETTY LITTLE GIRL IN
text: A PINK DRESS, smiling into the camera.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: God, she was so pretty.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: That's not Claire. That's you.
text: ROSE IS COMPLETELY TAKEN BY SURPRISE.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Me? I never saw this picture.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
text: It was in some terry cloth robe of
dialog: his.
text: Rose takes the picture and stares at it ~- like a buried -
dialog: treasure discovered.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (Cont'd)
dialog: «+. When I'd take you and Claire out,
dialog: everyone would comment on you. How
dialog: bright you were...Like a flashbuib,
dialog: your father would say. You were just
dialog: two there.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (softly, vulnerably)
dialog: IT was pretty?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 109,
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Your father adored you. But you know
dialog: that. He never thought of Claire.
dialog: Only you. Especially in the early
dialog: years, after Claire was born. And
dialog: after a while ... even I didn't
dialog: occupy his thoughts so much.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Stop it. Daddy idolized you.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Because I tortured him if he didn't.
dialog: But if I hadn't?
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: He thought you were the most
dialog: beautiful thing he'd ever seen. I
dialog: don't think he'd ever even held a
dialog: baby before you came. Having you was
dialog: quite an experience for him.
dialog: (almost vulnerable)
dialog: You said some horrible things to me
dialog: I may be a complete monster of a
dialog: mother but that doesn't mean I ...
dialog: (she can't say it)
dialog: No one teaches you how to raise a
dialog: child. You don't know what to do
dialog: until you're doing it and by then
text: it's too late. The damage is done.
text: Rose looks at her mother with great fondness and warmth.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Don't flatter yourself Mom. T'm not
dialog: that damaged.
text: Hannah sneaks a smile, then;
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: So ... you think I need a lift?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: No mom ... You're still a very
dialog: beautiful woman.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Ah, no ... I'm just an old bag.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: Beat. Rose forgives her mother for all the motherly qualities
text: she lacks. She looks down at the photo of herself as a girl
text: and loves what she sees.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. N.¥. STREET - DAY.
text: Rose and Doris stroll after lunch.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: Has he called?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: He left a message when he left
dialog: London. He hasn't since he's been in
dialog: Paris. It's been about two weeks.
dialog: He's supposed to come home end of
dialog: next.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: Well, no news is good news I guess.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Nah, Doris. Good news is good news.
dialog: I mean, why settle , right?
dialog: (Doris smiles)
dialog: I was thinking - how would you feel
dialog: about a roommate? Just until I can
dialog: get my own place.
text: Doris stops. She notices the change in Rose and smiles
dialog: proudly.
speaker_heading: cUuUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARISIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT.
text: An anxious Jessie sits opposite an anxious Gregory.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: I have to admit I'm surprised. You've
dialog: never kept me at a distance this long
dialog: before. Is it because of your
dialog: marriage?
dialog: (Greg nods}
dialog: I didn't know it was that serious.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Isn't yours?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: dil.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: Ha. No. No, it never was. Two months
dialog: after the ceremony he informed me he
dialog: spends every summer in Greece with
dialog: this Polish ballet dancer. Don't be
dialog: so surprised. Europeans have a
dialog: different way of looking at marriage.
dialog: Not that I entirely disagree with it.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You don't seem happy.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: I can't be a hypocrite. But - it did
dialog: give me a taste of what it could be
dialog: like. With the right person. I've
dialog: realized something funny Greg. I was
dialog: so worried about winding up a wife
text: with nothing but memories. And all
dialog: these years of living my life in
dialog: short unconnected perfect moments,
dialog: have left me with nothing but
dialog: memories. I don't want perfection
dialog: anymore.
dialog: (genuine)
dialog: I want something that'll last.
text: Gregory is truly taken by her. Yet, he doesn't know whether
text: to trust her or not. Jessie reaches for his hand. Gregory
dialog: takes it.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. COLUMBIA TEACHER 'S LOUNGE - DAY.
text: Rose is making herself a cup of coffee when Doris enters.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: (hands her a note)
dialog: Gregory called the office.
text: Rose is suddenly filled with dread.
speaker_heading: DORIS (Cont'd)
dialog: He said he knows it's your free
dialog: period and he'll wait for your call.
dialog: You don't have to if you don't want
dialog: to, honey.
text: Rose considers what to do.
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION (DORIS' OFFICE) ~ DAY.
text: Rose is on the phone waiting for Gregory to pick up.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM ~- NIGHT.
text: Gregory answers the phone. INTERCUT ROSE.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Hi. It's me.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Hi. How are you?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Good. Busy. You?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: They tell me it's going well. You
dialog: know how I hate crowds.
speaker_heading: ROSE
speaker_heading: MMmm.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: It seems odd not to have spoken for
dialog: so long. I... I thought it was time.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No. I think you're right.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I think about you all the time.
dialog: Especially at meals.
dialog: (Rose fights tears)
dialog: Rose, I need to know what you're
dialog: feeling. About us. About our future.
text: Rose knows the end is coming.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You've seen her, haven't you?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Yes, but ~ nothing's happened. I want
dialog: you to know Rose that I'm perfectly
dialog: willing to continue. To try again ...
dialog: I know I've made some mistakes but ~
speaker_heading: Cot INUED
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Rose musters up her courage to let him go.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Look, Greg ... I do not regret a
dialog: single moment that we have had
dialog: together. But I ... I think it was
dialog: ... a beautiful experiment ... that
dialog: failed. And I think we both deserve
dialog: to ... find what we really want. T
dialog: don't be safe for you anymore. If
dialog: Jessie's who you need, they fight for
dialog: her Gregory.
text: Gregory feels overwhelmingly sad.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: That's what I'd want. I'd want
dialog: someone to scream my name and throw
dialog: everything away for me and lose his
dialog: mind and not have to be "perfectly
dialog: willing to try". I want to be
dialog: beautiful to someone. Nothing less
dialog: than beautiful.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Rose ... I do lov~ ...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Goodbye Greg.
text: Rose hangs up. She couldn't bear hearing that. Doris enters
text: and wraps her arms around her friend.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: Let it go honey. I tell you
dialog: something. From where I stand - right
dialog: now, you're the most beautiful woman
dialog: I've ever seen.
text: Rose sobs as she hugs Doris.
text: Gregory slowly hangs up the phone. He is free to be with
text: Jessie now. But somehow, it doesn't feel right.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DORIS' APARTMENT - NIGHT.
text: Rose and Doris are curled up on the couch in front of the TV.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: Ll4.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALEX (0.8.)
speaker_heading: ROOOOSSSE!
text: Rose and Doris look at each other in disbelief.
speaker_heading: ALEX (Cont'd; 0.S.)
speaker_heading: ROOOOSSSE!
text: They simultaneously bolt for the window to see:
text: Alex is out on the street, drunk, screaming Rose's name.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: Jesus, we only had one joint.
scene_heading: SAME LOCATION - MOMENTS LATER.
text: A drunken Alex is being led into a bedroom by Rose and Doris.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: I'll go make coffee.
text: Doris exits. Rose plops Alex down on the bed.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (ranting)
dialog: You're mother wouldn't give me the
dialog: phone number. I knew the building
dialog: because I picked Claire up here once.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: All right calm down Alex. Where is
dialog: Claire?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: She's gone Rose. I came home early
dialog: one afternoon and found her fucking
dialog: her personal trainer Ray under the
dialog: coffee table. It's my fault. Claire
dialog: hates surprises.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Oh Alex. I'm so sorry.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I'm not. I'm relieved actually. At
text: least now it's in front of me instead
dialog: of in my head. I had to see you. I'm
dialog: sorry I yelled. Are you mad at me?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Rose shake:
text: up to her.
dialog: Surprised,
dialog: 115,
text: 8 her head as strokes his hair gently. Alex looks
speaker_heading: ALEX (Cont'd)
dialog: You look great. Have you lost weight?
text: Rose smiles shyly.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT.
text: Jessie and Gregory are sitting up in bed, naked, covered by
dialog: sheets. It
dialog: make love,
dialog: is clear to us by their faces that they tried to
text: but it was not successful. Gregory stares ahead as
text: if he were reading something off the inside of his brain.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: This is fascinating.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: (worried)
dialog: This never happened to us before.
dialog: Aren't you ... aren't you still
dialog: attracted to me?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I thought I was.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: You thought you were?!
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Well I'm sorry. I honestly don't know.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: Don't you ... I mean, do you still
dialog: love me?
text: Gregory thinks about this - looking inside himself with a
dialog: scientist
dialog: curiosity.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Wow.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: Wow what?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Right now ... in this moment ... T
dialog: don't know what I feel about you.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: Well you don't have to sound so
dialog: enthusiastic!
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: It's not enthusiasm ... I just don't
dialog: know if I want this.
text: We can see a flash of panic on Jessie's face.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: Oh. By that do you mean...this!- the
dialog: fact of this or ... the way this is?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: Maybe you're tired of us in hotel
dialog: rooms. Maybe now that you've been
dialog: married you've grown accustomed to
dialog: something else and maybe you don't
dialog: want what we have unless it can be
dialog: within that same ... uh ... thing.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: What are you saying?
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: Maybe we should get married.
dialog: (Gregory is shocked)
dialog: You said it's over between you and
dialog: Rose. I can get a divorce within a
dialog: month. Lets get married.
text: There is true desperation on her face. She is speaking the
text: truth. Gregory looks at her with compassion.
speaker_heading: JESSIE (Cont'd)
dialog: We've loved each other for over
dialog: twenty years. Think of what we could
dialog: have had ... Think of what we still
dialog: can have.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: She kisses him passionately. But Gregory feels nothing. She
text: pulls away. They look into each other's eyes. Beat. Then;
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Wow.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: WOW WHAT NOW!?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I've been in love with you
dialog: practically all my life. I..I
dialog: (trying to figure out
dialog: a problem)
dialog: thought - that's what love feels like
dialog: ..- All that longing ... Never
dialog: feeling entirely ... whole . .. But
dialog: I wonder.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: WONDER WHAT! ?
text: Gregory suddenly looks scared.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I don't know. I don't know ... I have
dialog: to go.
text: He gets up and starts to dress. Jessie is in shock. She can
dialog: hardly form the words;
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: So ... what ... 50... are you ...
dialog: what are you saying here? You don't
dialog: want to marry me?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (dressing)
dialog: I don't know. No. I guess.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: What are you saying to me? You can't
dialog: ' end this after all these years. You
dialog: can't just leave! What does ...
dialog: You're ... you're not going to be ...
dialog: we're never going to ... to ... be
dialog: together ... sometimes ... WHAT ARE
dialog: YOU SAYING!?
text: Gregory holds her and smiles;
speaker_heading: COMTI NUED
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I'm sorry. It'll be all right ... 1
dialog: still want you in my life somehow.
text: Jumping out of bed, Jessie pushes him away;
speaker_heading: JESSIE
text: EEWW! GET AWAY FROM ME. OH GOD! I
dialog: feel like I'm going crazy! You're
dialog: talking to me like I'm some ... some
dialog: pathetic lonely ... homely person
dialog: with a nice personality! Like I'm
dialog: some woman who wants you but you
dialog: don't want me! How can that be after
dialog: all these years? What, have you been
dialog: lying all this time - asking me to
dialog: marry you? To trap me? Is that it?
dialog: Has this been some twenty year
dialog: conspiracy to get even!? Some long
dialog: convoluted plot to make me feel like
dialog: shit? Is there some hidden camera
dialog: around here!? What the hell is going
dialog: on here? This isn't who we are
dialog: together? THIS ISN'T WHO I AM IN THIS!
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I'm so sorry.
speaker_heading: JESSIE
dialog: Get out of here. GET OUT! NOW!
text: She turns and exits into the bathroom slamming the door.
text: Gregory watches all of this genuine affection...and a little
dialog: sadness. Jessie will be fine with her drama. And it really is
dialog: over - after all these years.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ALEX'S APARTMENT - NIGHT.
text: Rose helps Alex into his apartment, turning on the lights.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Here we are. You feeling better?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Yeah. I think it was the cab ride.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, just get into bed and you'll-
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 119,
text: Alex pulls her into an embrace and kisses her passionately.
dialog: They kiss
speaker_heading: . ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: Alex, what are you doing?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Stay with me Rose. You're the only
dialog: person in the world I want to be with
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You're drunk.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I'm not. The coffee and the vomiting
dialog: really sobered me up.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'm thrilled for you but that doesn't
dialog: exactly put me in the mood to sleep
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Did you know how jealous Claire was
dialog: of you?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: She'd get so angry when I'd talk
dialog: about you. About how smart you were,
dialog: how funny you were, what a great cook
dialog: you were. She thought I had a secret
dialog: crush on you. Maybe she was right.
text: again. Rose pulls away.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Look, this is all very nice.
dialog: Honestly. But I won't do this. Not
dialog: like this. You've been through a lot
dialog: and I understand. I suggest you take
dialog: a couple of days. Pull yourself
dialog: together. If you still feel like you
dialog: want to .. do this, then you call me.
dialog: fake me out for a nice dinner - and
dialog: then we'll see. Otherwise forget it.
dialog: Understand?!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (boyishly)
dialog: OK.
dialog: Rose can't believed it worked.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I call you on Thursday.
text: Rose wonders if he will.
dialog: cuUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HANNAH'S BEDROOM ~ NIGHT.
text: THE PHONE RINGS awakening Hannah from a deep sleep. INTERCUT
text: A FRANTIC GREGORY packing in Paris. It is morning.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Sorry Hannah. It's me, Gregory. Is
dialog: Rose there?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Rose moved out. Do you have any idea
dialog: what the hell time it is?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Moved? Do you have her number?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Are you nuts!?
text: She hangs up. Gregory hangs up : finishes packing his bags.
dialog: cor To:
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S CLASSROOM ~ DAY.
text: The room is full as Rose lectures.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 12i.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What are Goddesses? Like Innana, they
dialog: can be Queens of Heaven ~ holy,
dialog: sacred - but even she had to descend
dialog: into the underworld to become
text: complete. After confronting her
dialog: sister Erishkegal, Queen of the
dialog: Underworld, Innana acquired
dialog: "Erishkegal's eyes" ~ the ability to
dialog: see with a ruthlessness for truth all
dialog: that a woman is - loving, jealous,
text: timid, ambitious, beautiful and
dialog: horrifying - and rid herself of the
dialog: fantasies of heaven to live
text: authentically and freely.
text: At that moment, Doris enters with a gigantic arrangement ‘of
text: flowers. Everyone is impressed. Doris places them on the
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: Who died?
dialog: (laughter)
text: She reads the card from Alex - "I'M FINDING IT DIFFICULT TO
text: WAIT THE TWO DAYS - ALEX". Rose smiles.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: INT. PARIS AIRPORT ~- AFTERNOON.
text: Gregory argues in french with a TICKET MAN. Finally, like a
text: madman, Gregory grabs him over the counter -
speaker_heading: GREGORY
scene_heading: LOOK, YOU SNOT NOSE FRENCH FART - I
text: DON'T HAVE TIME FOR YOUR FUCKING
scene_heading: PARISIAN SUPERIOR BULLSHIT - JUST GET
dialog: ME ON A FUCKING PLANE!
text: French police run te the scene of the ruckus.
dialog: curt To:
scene_heading: INT. DORIS’ OFFICE - DAY.
text: Henry walks in and approaches Doris.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Excuse me, are you Doris?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Doris looks at him suspiciously.
speaker_heading: . DORIS
dialog: Yes, Can I help you?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I was wondering if you might have a
dialog: number where I can reach Rose Larkin.
dialog: It's an emergency.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: Why don't you just ask her?
text: Henry confidentially pulls her off to an isolated area.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: It's not for me, it's for her husband
dialog: Gregory. He was afraid she might not
dialog: want to speak to him so he wanted me
dialog: to ask you. He's on his way home
dialog: from Europe, you see.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: Yeah, I see. You must be "the friend"
dialog: I've heard about! The one who goes
dialog: five times with girls young enough to
dialog: be your daughters.
dialog: (Henry is shocked)
dialog: Now you listen to me. Rose is feeling
dialog: really good about herself right now
dialog: and I don't want anything getting in
dialog: the way of that - you hear me!? She's
dialog: seeing someone else right now -
dialog: someone she knew before Mr. Larkin
text: and she's very excited. She's living
dialog: with me and I don't give my phone
dialog: number out so just tell your friend
text: he doesn't have to rush home.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Would you give your phone number to
dialog: me if I promised to keep it for
dialog: myself?
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: I don't know. Five times may be
dialog: enough for a twenty year old - but
dialog: you're gonna have to do better than
dialog: that with me, pal.
speaker_heading: COMTINUED
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Doris walks away leaving Henry tongue-tied.
dialog: . CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GATWICK AIRPORT; LONDON - DAY.
text: Gregory is on the phone with Henry. INTERCUT THE TWO.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: Alex. It must be Alex. Well, do you
dialog: at least have an address?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Just get home!
scene_heading: INT. PLANE ~- NIGHT.
text: On a red-eye, Gregory tries to use the air~phone. He speaks
text: quickly, with great irritation.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Well if she has an apartment and she
dialog: has a phone then she'd be in the
dialog: directory...Well she has to live
dialog: gomewhere!...You mean you don't even
dialog: have a list of unlisted numbers? Her
dialog: name is...DORIS
scene_heading: HUMPFERURRUR...HUMMEREFFER....I don't
dialog: exactly know the last name but I know
dialog: she lives in the Eighties on the East
dialog: Side ... Can't you just ... - IT'S
text: NOT IN THE PHONE BOOK. CONTRARY TO
dialog: YOUR COMMERCIALS, I CAN'T FIND A
text: FUCKING THING IN YOUR PHONE BOOK!
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BLOOMINGDALE'S COSMETICS COUNTER - LATE AFTERNOON.
text: Rose walks confidently up to a Saleswoman.
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: Yes, can I help-
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Hold on. Let's get something straight
dialog: sweetheart.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: gr
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ROSE (cont'd)
dialog: I'm here to buy some make-up because
dialog: tonight I feel like wearing some. I
dialog: don't usually wear any. And before
dialog: you start pitching, I want you to
dialog: know that I don't NEED a Goddam thing
dialog: on this counter. Do you understand?
dialog: (Saleswoman nods)
dialog: Now ~- I've heard a lot about these
dialog: sable brushes. I bet they feel great.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT.
text: Alex, dressed in a suit and tie, waits for Rose at the bar.
speaker_heading: ROSE (0.S.)
dialog: Alex?
text: Alex turns around to find -
text: Rose looking absolutely beautiful. Although the hair and make-
text: up are subtlely different, Rose has blossomed from a self-
text: deprecating ugly duckling to a confident, self-loving swan.
text: She is radiant. Alex is stunned.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Rose?
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: EXT. DORIS' BUILDING ~ EVENING.
text: Doris is making herself dinner when she hears:
speaker_heading: GREGORY (0.S.)
text: ROOOOSSSE! ROOQOOSSSE!
text: Doris heads for the window and looks out to see Gregory.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: Man, this girl's on a roll.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT ~ NIGHT.
text: Alex and Rose are having dinner. Alex eats as Rose "prepares".
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ee
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You know, it's wierd but I feel kid
dialog: of guilty. I know should be upset but
dialog: now that it's over I feel like I can
text: breath for the first time.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: That's great.
dialog: (to passing waiter)
dialog: I asked for some Dijon. I can't start
dialog: until I have it. Thanks.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I just feel so unburdened. Like a
text: viel has been lifted.
text: Rose pauses at his choice of metaphors.
speaker_heading: ALEX (Cont'd)
dialog: I mean, I was so unhappy but T
dialog: couldn't see that I had a choice. And
dialog: now, I have nothing but choices.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: That's great. Where's the damn Dijon?
text: Alex reaches across the table and takes her hand.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Wouldn't it be wierd, if after all
dialog: this time, we wound up together?
text: Rose stares at him a moment, not warming up to this idea.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It would be eerie.
text: Alex leans over.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Did I tell you how great you look?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Huh-huh.,
text: ALEX KISSES ROSES as she fantasizes:
speaker_heading: FANTASY ~
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: GREGORY BARGES INTO THE RESTAURANT, DECKS THE MAITRE'D WHO
text: TRIES TO STOP HIM, STORMS OVER TO ROSE, PUSHES ALEX TO THE
text: FLOOR AND SWEEPS HER INTO HIS ARMS.
speaker_heading: ALEX (0.S.)
dialog: What are you thinking?
speaker_heading: REALITY -
text: ~ Alex asks from across the table after kissing Rose. Rose
text: hesitates. Just when one fantasy has come true, another one
text: has taken it placé. She decides to tell him the truth.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Alex, you're a great guy. But you're
dialog: not my type.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What? ... But ... but I thought ...
dialog: I mena, I kind of felt that all this
dialog: time you felt ...
text: Rose looks at him with a surprised expression.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What? That I had a crush on you?
dialog: (Alex nods)
dialog: Maybe that was just a fantasy of
dialog: yours. I'm very flattered, sweetie.
text: The Waiter arrives with the Dijon.
speaker_heading: ROSE (Cont'd)
dialog: Finally! Thank you.
text: Alex is perplexed. Suddenly, from outside the main dining
text: area, WE YELLING LOUD VOICES THE ERUPT INTO YELLING. Alex
text: turns around. Rose looks up, at first curious, then shocked
dialog: when she sees:
text: GREGORY, looking like a crazed bum, trying to push his way
text: into the dining area, being blocked by a Maitre'd and a large
dialog: Bartender.
speaker_heading: MAITRE'D
dialog: Call the police!
speaker_heading: GREGORY
scene_heading: ROSE! ROSE!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Greg?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Isn't that your husband?
text: Suddenly, Gregory flings the bartender aside, pushes the
text: maitre'd, runs to Rose's table. Alex stands protectively.
speaker_heading: ALEX (Cont'd)
dialog: Hey! Hold on!
text: Gregory decks him, pulls Rose up onto her feet.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Hil
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Ril
text: Sweeps Rose into his arms and carries her out of the
dialog: restaurant much to the shock of the men and the joy otf the
dialog: women.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT.
text: Gregory carries her down the street.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Can I ask what do you think you're
dialog: doing? What am I, a cavewoman? Put me
dialog: down!
text: Gregory stops. He puts her down gently.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Youfre not leaving me. I am so
dialog: completely, without a doubt in love
dialog: with you ...
text: Police sirens are heard OS. Rose is startled. Greg doesn't
dialog: care.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (Corft'd)
dialog: I'll do anything. I'll give up math.
dialog: I'll take folk guitar lessons. I'll -
dialog: (stops)
dialog: My God ~ you look beautiful.
speaker_heading: COMTINCED
speaker_heading: —
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He grabs her and kisses her. Rose cannot believe what's
text: happening. She pulls away in a moment of insecurity.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You know I'll probably gain the
dialog: weight back and Ir am getting older.
dialog: I can't always look this good.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I hope I'm with you long enough to
dialog: watch you completely deteriorate.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Good answer.
text: They kiss. Police cars arrive. Bystanders spill out onto the
text: streets as Camera rises up to a wide angle.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
