speaker_heading: THE LOST WORLD
speaker_heading: JURASSIC PARK
dialog: screenplay by
dialog: David Koepp
dialog: based on the novel by
dialog: Michael Crichton
scene_heading: EXT. TROPICAL LAGOON - DAY
text: A 135-foot-luxury yacht is anchored just offshore in a
text: tropical lagoon. The beach is a stunning crescent of white
text: sand at the jungle fringe, utterly deserted.
speaker_heading: ISLA SORNA
dialog: 87 miles southeast of Nublar
text: Two SHIP HANDS, dressed in white uniforms, have set up a
text: picnic table with three chairs on the sand and are carefully
text: laying out luncheon service -- fine china, silver, crystal
text: decanters with red and white wine.
text: PAUL BOWMAN, fortyish, sits in a chair off to the side,
text: reading. MRS. BOWMAN, painfully thin, with the perpetually
text: surprised look of a woman who's had her eyes done more than
text: once, supervises the settings of the table.
text: She looks up and sees a little girl, CATHY, seven or eight
text: years old, wandering off down the beach.
scene_heading: MRS. BOWMAN
dialog: Cathy! Don't wander off!
text: Cathy keeps wandering.
speaker_heading: MRS. BOWMAN (cont'd)
dialog: Cathy, come back! You can look for
dialog: shells right here!
text: Cathy gestures, pretending she can't hear.
speaker_heading: BOWMAN
dialog: (eyes still in his book)
dialog: Leave her alone.
scene_heading: MRS. BOWMAN
dialog: What about snakes?
speaker_heading: BOWMAN
dialog: There's no snakes on a beach. Let
dialog: her have fun, for once.
text: FURTHER DOWN THE BEACH,
text: Cathy keeps wandering away, MUTTERING to herself as her
text: parents' quarreling voices fade in the distance.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Please be quiet, please be quiet
dialog: please be quiet...
text: Rounding a curve in the beach, her parents disappear from view
text: behind her. A RUSTLING sound draws her attention, and she
text: turns, toward where the thick jungle foliage gives way to the
dialog: sand.
text: A large bush, maybe twelve feet tall, is moving, its branches
text: swaying and shaking. Curious, Cathy walks up to the bush,
text: which abruptly stops moving.
text: A small, lizard-like animal, dark green with brown stripes
text: along its back, steps out from the bush. Only about a foot
text: tall, it stands on its hind legs, balancing on its thick tail.
text: It walks upright, bobbing its head like a chicken.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Well, hello there!
text: The animal (a COMPSOGNATHUS) just stares at her. Cathy squats
text: down on her haunches.
speaker_heading: CATHY (cont'd)
dialog: What are you? A little bird or
dialog: something?
text: She opens her hand. She's got a handful of goldfish crackers.
speaker_heading: CATHY (cont'd)
dialog: Are you hungry? You want a goldfish?
text: The compy bobs forward a few steps, cautiously.
speaker_heading: CATHY (cont'd)
dialog: Come on. I won't hurt you.
text: The compy draws closer. Cathy holds the cracker in the palm
text: of her hand. The compy gets closer still --
text: -- and hops numbly up onto Cathy's palm. Her arm dips a bit
text: under the weight, but it's not that heavy, and she holds it up
text: easily. It bobs its head, scarfs up the goldfish, and eats
dialog: it.
text: Enchanted, Cathy breaks into an enormous grin and returns her
text: hand, calling back over her shoulder.
speaker_heading: CATHY (cont'd)
dialog: Mom! Dad! You gotta come see this!
dialog: I found something!
text: She turns back.
text: Thirty more compys have come out onto the sand. They're
text: Standing there, bobbing anxiously, staring at her froma few
text: feet away. Cathy's smile fades.
dialog: 
text: She turns her head slowly to the right. TWENTY MORE COMPYS
text: have come in from that side, forming a semi-circle, bobbing
text: and CHIPPING as they surround her.
speaker_heading: CATHY (cont'd)
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: What do you guys want?
text: BACK ON THE BEACH,
text: the table is set. Mrs. Bowman calls out.
scene_heading: MRS. BOWMAN
dialog: Cathy, sweetheart! Lunch is ready!
text: From around the curve of the beach, a flock of birds bolts
text: from the jungle trees as Cathy's shrill SCREAMS suddenly
text: pierce the air.
scene_heading: MRS. BOWMAN
speaker_heading: PAUL!
text: She takes off, running down the beach, Mr. Bowman leaps out of
text: his chair and follows, and all available deck hands race off
text: to help, kicking up geysers of sand behind them.
dialog: DOWN THE BEACH,
text: Mrs. Bowman stops dead in her tracks when she rounds the bend
text: in the beach. We don't see what she sees, but we hear the
text: frenzied SQUEAKING of the strange compys. Mr. Bowman and the
text: Hands race past her to help Cathy as Mrs. Bowman lets loose a
text: horrified, slack-jawed SCREAM, her mouth a perfect oval.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOARD ROOM - DAY
text: Mrs. Bowman's screaming face dissolves slowly over the
text: YAWNING face of a bored CORPORATE EXECUTIVE, TWENTY OTHER
text: EXECUTIVES sit around a conference table in the boardroom of a
text: monied corporation. All are in expensive suits, most are over
text: sixty. There are rows of BACKBENCHERS too, whispering in their
text: lawyers who sit behind their clients, whispering in their
text: ears. Empty coffee cups and fast food containers on the table
dialog: hint that everyone's been here a long time.
text: A familiar VOICE resounds through the boardroom as we move
text: down the long table, pat the grim faces of the board members.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: The hurricane seemed like a disaster
dialog: at the time, but now I think it was a
dialog: blessing, nature's way of freeing
dialog: those animals from their human
dialog: confines. Of giving them another
dialog: chance to survive, but this time as
dialog: they were meant to, without man's
dialog: interference.
text: The source of the voice is JOHN HAMMOND, the founder of InGen
text: and creator of Jurassic Park. But he's not in the room. His
text: image is on a closed circuit TV screen, which has been wheeled
text: up to the end of the table.
text: And he doesn't look good. He's terribly infirmed, propped up
text: in bed, his face pale and drawn, medical equipment BEEPING
text: around him.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND (cont'd)
dialog: There are some corporate issues that
dialog: are not about the bottom line. We
dialog: have so much still to learn about
dialog: those creatures. A whole world of
text: intricate, interlocking behaviors,
dialog: vanished everywhere -- except for
dialog: site B. Please. Let's not do what
dialog: is good for more men at the expense
dialog: at what is best for all mankind.
text: The CHAIRMAN, seventyish, nods awkwardly to the television.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Thank you, John. Mr. Ludlow?
text: He turns to PETER LUDLOW, late thirties, a man with the
text: anxious look of someone who insists the buck stop on his desk.
text: Ludlow flips open a file, pulls out a stack of black and white
text: eight by tens, and tosses them on the table.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: (an accent similar to
dialog: Hammond's)
dialog: These pictures were taken ina
dialog: hospital in Costa Rica forty-eight
dialog: hours ago, after an American family
text: on a yacht cruise stumbled onto Site
dialog: B. The little girl will be fine, but
text: her parents are wealthy, angry, and
dialog: very fond of lawsuits. But that's
dialog: hardly new to us, is it?
dialog: (takes a paper from the
dialog: file)
dialog: Wrongful death settlements, partial
dialog: list: family of Donald Gennaro, 36.5
dialog: million dollars; family of Robert
dialog: Muldoon, 12.6 million. Damaged or
dialog: destroyed equipment, 17.3 million.
dialog: Demolition, de-construction, and
dialog: disposal of Isla Nublar facilities,
dialog: organic and inorganic, one hundred
dialog: and twenty-six million dollars. The
dialog: Tist goes on, gentlemen -- research
dialog: funding, media payoffs. Silence is
dialog: expensive.
text: He's warming up. Not a bad performer.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW (cont'd)
dialog: This corporation has been bleeding
dialog: from the throat for four years. You,
dialog: our board of directors, have set
dialog: patiently and listened to ecology
dialog: lectures while Mr. Hammond signed
dialog: your checks and spent your money.
dialog: You have watched your stock drop from
dialog: seventy-eight and a quarter to
dialog: nineteen flat with no good and in
dialog: sight. And all along, we have held a
dialog: significant product asset that we
dialog: could have safely harvested and
text: displayed for profit. Enormous
dialog: profit.
text: He reaches out to a model on the table and gives it a shove,
text: sending it sliding down the length of the table in front of
text: them. It's a mini-mall version of a zoo. Cages hold tiny
text: replicas of various kinds of dinosaurs while Boy Scout troops
text: and Tourists look on in wonder.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW (cont'd)
dialog: Enough money to wipe out four years
dialog: of lawsuits and damage control and
dialog: unpleasant infighting, enough to not
dialog: only send our stock back to where it
dialog: was but to double it. And the one
dialog: thing, the only thing standing
dialog: between us and this asset is a
dialog: born-again naturalist who happens to
dialog: be our own CEO. Well, I don't work
dialog: for Mother Nature. I work for you.
text: Two of his Backbenchers distribute documents from a stack.
text: Ludlow takes one and reads from it.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW (cont'd)
dialog: "Whereas the Chief Executive
dialog: Officer has engaged in wasteful and
dialog: negligent business practices to
dialog: further his own personal
dialog: environmental beliefs --
dialog: Whereas these practices have
dialog: affected the financial performance
dialog: of the company by incurring
dialog: significant losses --
dialog: Whereas the shareholders have been
dialog: materially harmed by these losses --
dialog: Thereby, be it resolved that John
dialog: Parker Hammond should be resolved from
dialog: the office of Chief Executive
dialog: Officer, affective immediately." Mr.
dialog: Chairman, I move the resolution be
dialog: put to an immediate vote. Do I have
dialog: a second?
speaker_heading: BOARD MEMBER
dialog: I second the motion, Mr. Chairman,
dialog: Please poll the members by a show of
dialog: hands.
text: The CHAIRMAN signs heavily, feeling like a traitor. He can't
text: bear to look at Hammond on the TV monitor.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: All those in favor of InGen Corporate
speaker_heading: Resolution 213C, please signify your
dialog: approval by raising your right hand.
text: It starts slowly, guiltily, but every hand in the room goes
text: up. Ludlow sits back, victorious. Hammond, furious, raises
text: his right hand, which holds a remote control, and points it at
text: the TV screen. It goes blank.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WELDER'S YARD - NIGHT
text: Sparks fly out the windows and doors of a shed in the middle
text: of a welder's yard. Scrap iron and steel lies everywhere.
text: Somewhere inside the shed, a phone RINGS.
text: The WHOOSH of the arc welder shuts off. DIETER STARK, a big
text: barrel-chested man of forty or so, his face streaked with soot
text: and grime, steps outside with a cordless phone, a cigarette
text: dangling from his lips.
speaker_heading: DIETER
dialog: Yeah.
text: He takes a deep drag while someone talks on the other end. He
text: smiles and blows out a cloud of smoke.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK SUBWAY - NIGHT
text: Smoke turns into steam as a subway THUNDER into a station
text: underneath Manhattan. The door WHOOSH open, spit out some
text: COMMUTERS and suck up a few more.
text: A tall man hurries down the platform, limping heavily, moving
text: as fast as he can. The subway doors begin to close, but just
dialog: before they meet --
text: -- the man jams a cane in between, stopping them. The man
text: is IAN MALCOLM, fortyish, dressed in black from head to toe.
text: There's a hard wisdom in Malcolm's eyes that may not have been
dialog: there's a few years ago -- he know what you think, and he
dialog: doesn't care.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR - NIGHT
text: MALCOLM finds a seat on the crowded subway car and sits down.
text: He looks awful. Tired. Weathered. He notices a CURIOUS MAN
text: across from his is staring at his. Malcolm looks away. The
text: Curious Man still stares. Nervy, the Curious Man gets up and
text: approaches.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Shit.
text: The Curious Man sits down next to Malcolm, grinning.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You're him, aren't you?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: The guy. The scientist. I saw you
dialog: on TV.
dialog: (conspiratorially)
dialog: I believed you.
text: No response from Malcolm. The guy leans in even closer.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Roooooarr.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (a withering look)
dialog: I was misquoted. I was merely
dialog: speculating on the evolutionary
dialog: scenario of a Lost World. I never
dialog: said I was in any such place.
text: He gets up and moves to another seat on the car, away from the
text: Curious Man. As he sits down, he notices two other COMMUTERS
text: across from him are staring at him.
text: He looks at them. They looks away.
text: He pulls the collar of his coat up tight around him. Nowhere
dialog: to hide.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN HAMMOND'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: A UNIFORMED BUTLER has a question:
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: Whom shall I tell Mr. Hammond is
dialog: calling?
text: MALCOLM stands in the foyer of an expensively decorated Park
dialog: Avenue apartment.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Tan Malcolm
text: A door opens and a little dog comes YAPPING out of the back.
text: It bounds straight at Malcolm, GROWLING, jaws SNAPPING. It
dialog: lunges --
text: -- and Malcolm BATS it away with one swift swing of his cane.
text: The dog rolls across the floor and slinks away, WHINING. The
text: Butler looks at Malcolm disapprovingly.
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: Not an animal lover?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Not really.
scene_heading: INT. HAMMOND'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: MALCOLM enters a darkened bedroom. JOHN HAMMOND lies in the
text: bed we saw earlier, on the other side of the room;
dialog: Medical equipment has been disguised as well as possible among
text: the furniture and flowers, but the sheer abundance of it tells
dialog: us that whatever has stricken him is going to win this battle.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: Ian! Don't linger in the doorway
dialog: like an ingenue, come in, come in!
text: Malcolm steps further into the room.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND (cont'd)
dialog: It's good to see you. It really is.
dialog: How's the leg?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Resentful.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: When you have a lot of time to think,
dialog: it's funny who you remember. It's
dialog: the people who challenged you. It is
dialog: the quality of our opponents that
dialog: gives our accomplishments meaning. I
dialog: never told you how sorry I was about
dialog: what happened after we returned.
text: Noticing Hammond's deteriorated condition, Malcolm finds it
dialog: hard to
dialog: Malcolm
dialog: sustain anger.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I didn't know you -- weren't well.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: It's the lawyers. The lawyers are
dialog: finally killing me.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: They do have motives. Why did you
dialog: want to see me? Your message said it
dialog: was urgent.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: You were right -- and I was wrong.
dialog: There! Did you ever think you'd hear
dialog: me say that? Spectacularly wrong.
dialog: Instead of observing those animals, I
dialog: tried to control them. I squandered
dialog: an opportunity and we still know next
dialog: to nothing about their lives. Not
dialog: their lives as man would have them,
text: behind electric fences, but in the
dialog: wild. Behavior in their natural
dialog: habitat, the impossible dream of any
dialog: paleontologist. I could have had it,
dialog: but I let it slip away.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Thank God for Site B.
text: just looks at him for a long moment.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: (a spark in his eye)
dialog: Well? Didn't it all seem a trifle
dialog: compact to you?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: The hatchery, in particular? You
dialog: know my initial yields had to be low,
dialog: far less than one percent, that's a
dialog: thousand embryos for every single
dialog: live birth. Genetic engineering on
dialog: that scale implies a giant operation,
dialog: not the spotless little laboratory I
dialog: showed you.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I don't believe you.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: Isla Nublar was just a showroom, Ian,
dialog: something for the tourists, Site B
dialog: was the factory floor. We built it
dialog: first, on Isla Sorna, eight-some
dialog: miles from Nublar.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: No, no, no, no, no, no. .
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
text: After the accident at the park, a
dialog: hurricane wiped out our facility on
dialog: Site B. We had to evacuate and leave
text: the animals to fend for themselves.
dialog: And they did. For four years I've
dialog: fought to keep them safe from human
dialog: meddling, now I want you to go there
dialog: and document them.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Are you out of your mind? I still
dialog: have nightmares, my reputation's a
dialog: joke, my leg is shot -- you think I
dialog: need more of that?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: It would be the most extraordinary
dialog: living fossil record the world has
dialog: ever seen.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: So what?
text: Hammonnd picks up a thick file folder from the night table near
text: to him and open it on his lap. Inside, there are memos,
text: charts, maps and photographs.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: I've been putting this together for
dialog: over a year.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: I have personal suggestions for your
dialog: entire team, phone numbers, contact
dialog: people. They won't believe you about
dialog: what they're going to see, so don't
dialog: bother trying to convince them. Just
dialog: use my checkbook to get them there.
dialog: I'll fund your expedition through my
dialog: personal accounts, as such money and
dialog: equipment as you need, but only if
dialog: Malcolm
dialog: Malcolm
dialog: you leave immediately. If we
dialog: hesitate, all will be lost.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: John...
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: You'll need an animal behaviorist,
dialog: someone with unimpeachable
dialog: credentials. I believe you already
dialog: know Sarah Harding. She's got
dialog: theories about parenting and
dialog: nurturing among hunter/scavengers I
dialog: bet she'd be dying to prove on a
dialog: scale like this. If you convince her
dialog: to go, it'll be a major coup. When
dialog: she publishes, the scientific
dialog: community must take it seriously.
text: just shakes his head, flipping through the file sadly.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: Your documentation, you should use
dialog: forensic photographic methods,
text: Hasselbladt still cameras, high
dialog: definition video. When the trick
dialog: photography analysts take your
dialog: evidence apart, make it impossible
dialog: for them to say there was enhancement
dialog: or computer graphic imaging. 0h,
dialog: this is very important -- avoid the
dialog: island interior at all costs. Stick
dialog: to the outer rim. Everything you
dialog: need to know can be found there.
text: Vindication lies on the outer rim.
text: gently closes the file and pushes it back to Hammond.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I'm not going, John.
speaker_heading: HAMMOND
dialog: (fatigue returning)
dialog: Ian, you are my last chance to give
dialog: something of real value to the world.
dialog: I can't walk so far and leave no
dialog: footprints; die and leave nothing
dialog: with my name on it. I will not be
dialog: known only for my failures. And you
dialog: will not allow yourself to go down in
dialog: history as a lunatic. You're too
dialog: smart. You'e too proud. Dr.
dialog: Malcolm. Please. This is a chance
dialog: at redemption. For both of us.
dialog: There's no time to equivocate, we
dialog: must seize it now, before --
dialog: 
text: He stops, staring over Malcom's shoulder. Malcom turns.
text: PETER LUDLOW, still in his overcoat, is standing in the
text: doorway to the bedroom. He looks back and forth from Hammond
dialog: to Malcolm suspiciously.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: Hello, Uncle John. Dr. Malcolm.
text: Malcolm doesn't answer. He seems to know Ludlow, and dislikes
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW (cont'd)
dialog: Did I interrupt something?
text: Malcolm turns back to Hammond.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Find someone else.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HAMMOND'S APARTMENT/FOYER - NIGHT
text: In the foyer, LUDLOW hands MALCOLM his coat, just a trifle
text: rudely, and shepherds him to the door.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: So, you two were just, uh, telling
dialog: old campfire stories, were you?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Do me a favor. Don't pretend for a
dialog: second that you and I don't know the
dialog: truth. You can convince Time
dialog: magazine and the Skeptical Inquirer
dialog: of whatever you want, but I was
dialog: there.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: You signed a non-disclosure agreement
dialog: before you went to the island that
dialog: expressly forbade you from discussing
dialog: anything you saw. You violated that
dialog: agreement.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: You cost me my livelihood. That on
dialog: which I relied to support my
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: If your university felt you were
dialog: causing it embarrassment by selling
dialog: wild stories to Hard Copy, I hardly
dialog: see how I am to--
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I didn't tell anything, I told the
dialog: truth.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: You version of it.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: There are no versions of the truth!
dialog: This isn't a corporate maneuver, it's
dialog: my life.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: We made a generous compensatory offer
dialog: for your injuries.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: It was a payoff and an insult. InGen
dialog: never--
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: InGen is my livelihood, Dr.
dialog: Malcolm, and I will jealously defend
dialog: its interests. People will know what
dialog: I want them to know when I want them
dialog: to know it.
dialog: 
text: Ludlow tosses something to Malcolm, hard. It sails across the
text: foyer, upright, and Malcolm reaches out and catches it with
text: one hand. It's his cane.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW (cont'd)
dialog: Don't forget that.
text: Malcolm stares at him for a long moment. Finally, he turns
text: and walks away.
text: But he does not out of the apartment. Instead, he
text: walks directly past Ludlow, crosses the living room, and steps
text: back into Hammond's bedroom, closing the door behind him with
text: a determined CLICK.
scene_heading: INT. HAMMOND'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: HAMMOND looks up, hopeful, as MALCOLM comes back into the room
text: and walks over to his bed. He reaches down --
text: -- and picks up the file folder.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Do you have a satellite phone?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MOMBASSA BAR - DAY
text: ROLAND TEMBO, late sixties, skin like leather and the diamond
text: hard look of a cobra, sits at a table in the middle of an
dialog: African cafe/bar in Mombassa.
text: It's daytime and the place is half full, mostly with locals,
dialog: but there are a few obnoxious TOURISTS too, Americans on
text: safari who somehow found the local handout.
text: They're a noisy bunch, but Roland tunes them out, calmly
text: eating his lunch and drinking a beer while he reads a book,
text: eyeglasses hanging low on his nose.
text: Roland suddenly stops reading and furrows his brow. He looks
text: up. He SNIFFS the air once, then smiles and calls out a
dialog: person's name.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Ajay?
text: He turns around. AJAY (AH-jay) SIDHU, a wiry East Indian in
text: his late forties, is standing behind him, caught trying to
dialog: sneak up.
speaker_heading: AJAY
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: How did you know?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: (taps his nose)
dialog: That cheap aftershave I send you
dialog: every Christmas, you actually wear
dialog: it. I'm touched. Sit down, sit
dialog: down, what brings you to Mombassa?
speaker_heading: AJAY
dialog: You. Tell me, Roland, when was the
dialog: last time you answered your phone?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Last time I plugged it in, I suppose.
dialog: Why?
text: Behind them, the group of TOURISTS, all men, laughs loudly.
text: One of them, the MOST OBNOXIOUS TOURISTS, berates the WAITRESS.
speaker_heading: AJAY
dialog: I got a call from a gentleman who's
dialog: going to Costa Rica, or thereabouts.
dialog: If he's to be believed, it's a most,
dialog: uh, unique expedition. And very
dialog: well-funded.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Well, I'ma very well-funded old son
dialog: of a bitch. You go.
text: The Most Obnoxious Tourist bellows for the Waitress. His
text: buddies LAUGHS. Roland throws a glance, annoyed.
speaker_heading: AJAY
dialog: But alone? We always had great
dialog: success together, you and I.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Just a little bit too much, I
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: AJAY
dialog: How do you mean?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: A true hunter doesn't mind if the
dialog: animal wins. If it escapes. But
dialog: there weren't enough escapes from you
dialog: and me, Ajay. I've decided to spend
dialog: a bit less time in the company of
dialog: death. Maybe I just feel too close
dialog: to it my--
text: The Waitress comes to the Tourists' table and the Most
text: Obnoxious Tourist actually paws her ass. Roland is out of his
text: chair in a second.
speaker_heading: ROLAND (cont'd)
dialog: (to Ajay)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Romand walks over to the Tourists' table, says something to
text: the Waitress in the local dialect, and she walks away, behind
text: him. He stares down at the Most Obnoxious Tourist.
speaker_heading: ROLAND (cont'd)
dialog: You, sir -- are no gentleman.
speaker_heading: TOURIST
dialog: Is that supposed to be an insult?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: I can think of none greater.
text: The Tourist looks at his Buddies and laughs.
speaker_heading: TOURIST
dialog: Buzz off, you silly old bastard.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: What do I have to do to pick a fight
dialog: with you, bring your mother into it?
speaker_heading: TOURIST
dialog: Are you kidding? I could take you
text: with one arm tied down.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Really?
text: IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FLOOR,
text: the Waiter finishes tying a man's wrist to his belt in the
text: back of his pants with a napkin. He pulls the knot tight and
text: the man turns around.
text: It's Roland, with his arm tied down. The Tourist stands
text: across from him.
speaker_heading: TOURIST
dialog: I mean my arm,
text: POW! Roland punches him square in the jaw. The Tourist
text: reels, stunned. Enraged, he lunges at Roland, swinging with
dialog: both arms.
text: Roland bobs, neatly ducking the punches, waits for the Tourist
text: to turn around, and POPS him thrice in the face. The Tourist
text: spins and goes down to the floor, face first. A cloud of
text: sawdust and a loud CHEER from the locals rise up in the bar.
text: BACK AT HIS TABLE,
text: Roland drops the napkin on the table and sits back down with
text: Ajay. In the background, the Tourist's Buddies hurriedly
text: carry their fallen cohort out of the bar.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Sorry. We were saying?
speaker_heading: AJAY
dialog: You broke that idiot's jaw for no
dialog: reason other than your boredom. Tell
dialog: the truth, Roland. Aren't you even
dialog: interested in knowing this
dialog: expedition's quarry?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Ajay. Go on up to my ranch, take a
text: look around the trophy room, and tell
dialog: me what kind of quarry you think
dialog: could possibly be of any interest
dialog: to me. —
text: Ajay just smiles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AFRICAN SAVANNAH - NIGHT
text: The African savannah appears in shades of fluorescent green,
text: seen through night-vision goggles. An ANIMAL YELP comes from
text: the left and the green vista sweeps abruptly toward it. The
text: world blurs momentarily, then comes into focus on a field of
dialog: long grass.
text: The grass ripples in a complex pattern as animals move
text: stealthily through it. One animal head pops up above the
text: grass for a split-second, teeth bared, a white stripe between
text: its eyes. SARAH HARDING pulls the goggles away from her face.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hyenas. Ace Face is the striped
dialog: snout.
text: Sarah is thirty, with a compact, athletic body built for the
text: outdoors. She loos through the goggles again, sweeping ahead
text: of the hyenas to their prey.
text: It's a herd of African buffalo, standing belly-deep in the
text: grass, agitated, bellowing and stamping their feet.
text: Sarah turns to MAKENA, her African assistant.
speaker_heading: SARAH (cont'd)
dialog: They'll try to take down a calf.
dialog: Come on.
speaker_heading: MAKENA
dialog: Closer?
text: Sarah scurries up and over a rock face. Makena follows.
text: Closer now, they watch as the hyenas rush the herd, running
text: through it, trying to break it up.
speaker_heading: MAKENA (cont'd)
dialog: You know, we could see everything
text: from up on the edge of that cliff.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No way.
speaker_heading: MAKENA
dialog: But the view would --
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No cliffs.
dialog: (into a pocket recorder)
text: Fl headed sough, F2 and F5 flanking,
dialog: twenty yards. F3 center. F6
text: circling wide east. Can't see F7.
text: While she talks, breathless, fascinated by the drama before
text: her, Sarah continues to creep closer and closer to the action.
text: Makena follows, with growing unease.
speaker_heading: MAKENA
dialog: Sarah.
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: F8 circling north. Fl straight
text: through, disrupting. Herd moving,
text: stamping. There's F7. Straight
text: through. F8 angling through from the
dialog: north.
text: She's practically on top of the animals now.
speaker_heading: MAKENA
dialog: Dr. Harding.
text: Makena has a hold of Sarah's sweatshirt and is tugging her
text: back, at least trying to slow down her progress as Sarah,
text: wide-eyed with fascination, creeps even closer.
text: Suddenly there is a tremendous BELLOWING and the grass right
text: in front of them rips apart, trampled under the feet of the
text: hyenas as they cluster around a fallen buffalo calf. They
text: yelp and jump, their muzzles bloody.
text: The adults move aside, making room as the hyena pups come
text: forward, squealing to get at the kill. Sarah's eyes shine
text: with excitement and she moves even closer, whispering into the
text: tape recorder.
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: Brooding behavior in evidence at the
text: kill site, pups are ushered forward
text: and adults help them eat, pulling
text: flesh away from the carcass and--
text: A telephone rings.
text: Sarah stops in mid-sentence, unsure if she heard what she
text: thought she heard. It rings again, the unmistakable CHIRPING
text: of a cellular phone. Sarah and Makena both move at once,
text: pawing at a backpack.
speaker_heading: SARAH (cont'd)
dialog: (a frantic whisper)
dialog: I thought you turned it off!
text: Two hyenas look inquisitively in the direction of the phone.
text: Sarah comes up with it and jabs at a button in irritation.
speaker_heading: SARAH (cont'd)
dialog: Yes?!
text: Someone speaks on the other end. Sarah rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: SARAH (cont'd)
dialog: Ian. This better be important.
text: Sarah doesn't say anything for a long moment, just listens as
text: the voice on the other end talks. And talks.
speaker_heading: SARAH (cont'd)
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MOBILE FIELD SYSTEMS - DAY
text: Ian Malcolm's leg, badly scarred, is bared and draped over the
text: end of a bench. Two sandbags are fastened to his ankle and
text: MALCOLM is lifting them, painfully rehabbing his injury while
text: talking on a satellite phone.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: We leave in twenty-four hours. Five
dialog: member team.
text: Behind them, the SPARKS of a acetylene torch fly as WORKMEN
text: make modifications on several vehicles, including a dark-green
text: Mercedes Benz AAV (all-activity vehicle). The hood of the AAV
text: is up and the V-6 engine has been pulled out; a new, smaller
text: engine is lowered in its place. To one side are two long
text: trailers, connected by an accordion-like passageway, like on a
text: subway car, allowing one to be towed behind the other.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Eddie Carr's handling all our
dialog: equipment and he'll be there to
dialog: maintain it. He's designing special
text: field trailers now, top of the line
dialog: mobile research units.
text: EDDIE CARR, fortyish, is barking out orders to the Workmen.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No, no, look at the plans, Henry,
dialog: you can't place that strut laterally,
text: it has to be crosswise, LOOK AT THE
speaker_heading: PLANS!
dialog: 
text: From the ceiling, a large metal age CRASHES down, landing
text: next to them on the floor with a deafening CLANG. They leap
text: back and look up. A WORKMAN waves from a scaffolding.
speaker_heading: WORKMAN
dialog: Sorry, Eddie! Specs say it can't
dialog: deform at 12,000 PSI, we had to test
dialog: it
text: Eddie bends down to inspect the cage, which is rectangular,
text: constructed of inch-thick titanium-alloy bars. Malcolm hangs
text: up the phone and walks up, joining him.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Any damage?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Minimal.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: "Minimal" is too much. It has to be
dialog: light, it has to be strong --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Light and strong, light and strong,
dialog: sure, why not, it's only impossible.
dialog: God save me from academics.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: You are an academic.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Former academic. Now I actually make
dialog: things. I don't just talk.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: You think I'm all talk, Eddie?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (doesn't look at him)
dialog: It doesn't matter what I think.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Is there anything we've forgotten?
dialog: Anything at all?
text: Behind them, someone CLEARS THEIR THROAT. Eddie and Malcolm
text: turn around. KELLY MALCOLM, an African-American girl around
text: twelve years old, stands in the doorway to the garage, a
text: duffel bag slung over one shoulder. She looks at Malcolm and
text: breaks into a wide grin.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Hi, Dad.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Kelly! What are you doing here?
text: She drops the bag on the floor, and wraps her arms around him
text: in a warm embrace. He responds stiffly.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Vacation. I'm all yours. You didn't
dialog: forget, did you?
text: She pulls back and looks at him.
speaker_heading: KELLY (cont'd)
dialog: Did you?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: KELLY is slumped in a chair in Eddie's office next to the
text: construction floor. Outside the glass windows work on the
text: vehicles continues unabated. MALCOLM hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Okay, Karen is expecting you in half
dialog: an hour. You only have to stay with
dialog: her one night, she'll put you on a
dialog: bus in the morning and your mother
dialog: will be at the station when you get
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I don't even know this woman.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Well, I do, and she's fantastic.
dialog: She'll take you to the museum, maybe
dialog: to a movie if you play your cards
dialog: right. You're going to have a
dialog: fantastic time.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Stop saying fantastic. Where are you
dialog: going?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I can't tell you. But I'll be back
dialog: within a week.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: My vacation is over in a week.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I'll make it up to you this summer.
dialog: I promise.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I'm your daughter all the time, you
dialog: know. Not just when it's convenient.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: very hurtful. Your mother tell you
dialog: to say that?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: No, Dad. I have thoughts of my own
dialog: once in a while.
text: From the construction floor, EDDIE calls out.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (0.s.)
dialog: Dr. Malcolm!
text: Malcolm looks at her, trying to make peace. Quickly.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Is that kid still bothering you?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Which one?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: You know, at the bus stop. With the
dialog: hair?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: That was about a year ago.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Well, is he?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: No. Richard talked to his parents.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: That Richard.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (o.s.)
dialog: Ian, come here a minute!
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (to Malcolm)
dialog: I could come with you.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Out of the question. You'd miss the
dialog: gymnastics trials. You've been
dialog: training for that for a year.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I don't care about the trials, I
dialog: want to be with you. I could be your
dialog: research assistant, like I was in
dialog: Austin.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: This is nothing like Austin. Forget
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You like to have kids, you just
dialog: don't want to be with them, do you?
dialog: 
text: He looks at her, hurt. Eddie calls out a third time,
text: impatient now. Grateful for the escape, Malcolm gets up and
text: heads for the door. He pauses guiltily.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I'm not like you wan me to be. I've
dialog: what I can be.
text: He leaves.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN FLOOR - DAY
text: While MALCOLM and EDDIE argue over something in the
text: background, KELLY circles around the trailers and looks up at
text: the windows. They're all made of tempered glass, fine wire
text: mesh inside it. She looks around, to see if anybody's
text: watching. They're not, so she quickly slips inside the front
dialog: trailer.
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER - DAY
text: Inside, the trailer is a miracle of planning and design. It's
dialog: divided into sections, for different laboratory functions.
text: The main area is a biological lab, with specimen trays,
text: dissecting pans, and microscopes that connect to video
dialog: monitors.
text: Next to it there's an extensive computer section, a bank of
text: processors, and a communications section. All the lab
text: equipment is miniaturized and built into small tables that
text: slides into the walls. Everything is bolted down.
text: She notices a large map on the wall. Off the coat of Costa
text: Rica, there is an area that has been circled in heavy black
dialog: ink.
text: Kelly puts a finger on the map, crossing westward, through the
dialog: Pacific Ocean. Thegre are dozen s of islands out here, but in
text: the highlighted region, there is a semi-circle of five.
dialog: Matanceros. Muerte. Tacano. Pena. And Sorna. Underneath
dialog: the whole island chain, there is a bold legend.
dialog: 
text: "The Five Deaths," it says.
text: Slowly, an ocean barge starts to chug its way across the
text: face of the map, leaving a wake that rolls the printed letters
dialog: of those three ominous words.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN SEA - DAY
text: The map dissolves slowly away as the barge SPALASEHS through
text: five foot ocean swells in the open sea. The barge is crammed
text: with equipment, the AAV, trailers, a jeep, and the members of
dialog: Malcolm's team.
text: ON THE BOAT,
text: MALCOLM stands in the bow, riding the choppy seas. Next to
text: him, DR. JUTTSON, fortyish, holds onto the railing,
text: seasick. He SHOUTS over the DRONE of the boat's engines.
speaker_heading: JUTTISON
dialog: (as the waves pound the
dialog: boat)
dialog: Couldn't -- we just -- airlift --
dialog: into the -- island?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Dr. Harding insisted we go by sea!
dialog: Helicopters are too disruptive.
dialog: These aren't piles of bones you'll be
dialog: studying this time, Dr. Juttson, they
dialog: live, they breathe, and they react!
text: Juttson looks at him skeptically --
text: -- and throws up.
text: AT THE BACK OF THE BOAT,
text: NICK VAN OWEN, a good-looking American in his late
text: twenties, is sitting amid a pile of video cameras and other
text: photographic equipment, playing with a Game Bow. SARAH
text: HARDING, dressed in field gear, sits down next to him.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: So what's your story, Nick?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I was a cameraman for Nightline for
dialog: six years, been freelance since '91.
dialog: Do a lot of work for Greenpeace.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: That must be interesting. What drew
dialog: you there?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Women. 'Bout eighty percent female
dialog: in Greenpeace.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Very noble of you.
dialog: (of the noisy Game Boy)
dialog: You don't think you're bringing that
dialog: thing onto the island, do you?
text: Nick grins and shuts it off.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hey, I wouldn't want to spook the
text: woolly mammoths.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You think this is all a joke?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Oh, please. How am I supposed to
dialog: keep a straight face when --
dialog: (gestures to the
dialog: black-clad Malcolm)
dialog: -- Johnny Cash here tells me I'm
dialog: going to Skull Island?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (not amused)
dialog: Ian's a very good friend of mine.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: He doesn't need a friend, he needs a
dialog: shrink.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I believe in him.
text: But her face says even she has her doubts.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Come on, there's only one reason any
dialog: of us are here. His check cleared.
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Drop the cynical pose. You can't
dialog: pull it off while playing Donkey
dialog: Kong.
text: The boat's CAPTAIN, a Costa Rican, points ahead and SHOUTS to
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: There it is!
text: They all turn and look out over the bow. Up ahead, shear,
text: reddish-gray cliffs of volcanic rock rise dramatically out of
text: the fog-heavy ocean.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN (cont'd)
dialog: Isla Sorna!
text: The boat ROARS ahead, plowing into a heavy wreath of fog. The
text: mist swirls and encircles it.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND FIORD - DAY
text: A narrow inlet cuts through the steep cliffs, leading to the
text: island interior. The barge bursts through the fog at the
text: mouth of the fiord and heads deeper into the island.
scene_heading: EXT. LAGOON - DAY
text: Lush green plants drip everywhere in this verdant lagoon.
text: Sulfurous yellow steam issues from the ground, bleaching the
text: nearby foliage white. In the distance one can hear the cries
text: of JUNGLE BIRDS.
text: The boat is now beached and the CREW flips the tarps off the
text: AAV, the jeep, and the trailers. The trucks back down a
text: narrow ramp and onto the soft clay shore at the edge of the
text: lagoon. There is a large three-toad animal imprint in the
text: clay at the water's edge, and the AAV backs right over it,
text: swapping its track for the animal's.
text: MALCOLM is at the edge of the water with the CAPTAIN.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Be back in three days, but keep the
dialog: satellite phone on and your radio
dialog: tuned to the frequency I specified in
dialog: case we need you sooner.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Don't worry. I've lived around here
dialog: all my life, these islands are
dialog: completely --
text: In the distance, they hear the faint, strange ROAR of a very
text: large animal. The Captain looks at Malcolm, eyes wide.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN (cont'd)
dialog: -- safe.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GRASSY PLAIN - DAY
text: The jeep tows the double trailer to the edge of a grassy plain
text: just beyond the lagoon, overlooking the interior of the
text: island. The noon sun is high overhead; below, the valley
text: shimmers in midday heat.
text: EDDIE connects a flexible cable to the jeep's power winch and
text: flicks it on. The cable turns slowly in the sunlight. Moving
text: along the length of it, we see the cable leads to a pile of
text: aluminum, some kind of strut assembly painted a camouflage
dialog: color.
text: As the winch pulls the cable tight, the jumble of thin struts
text: begins to move, slowly rising into the air. The emerging
text: structure climbs, spidery, struts unfolding, fifteen feet into
text: the air. The light house at the top (the cage that was
text: tested back at Eddie's workshop) is now just beneath the
text: lowest branches of the nearby trees, which almost conceal it
dialog: from view.
text: NICK lights a cigarette and carelessly tosses the match on the
text: ground. Malcolm notices.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Listen. I know you all have probably
dialog: concluded that I'm out of my mind.
dialog: Is it our imagination, or did the trees behind Malcolm just
dialog: sway slightly?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM (cont'd)
dialog: That's all right, for now. But just
dialog: humor me and be careful.
dialog: No, it's not our imagination, there they go again. Whole
text: trees shivering and swaying from left to right and back
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM (cont'd)
dialog: Even if you think I'm harmless and
dialog: deluded, I promise --
text: Now the trees CREAKS and GROAN as they sway. Everyone has seen
text: it, and now Malcolm turns around too.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM (cont'd)
dialog: -- this place is for real.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DOUBLE TRAILERS - DAY
text: It's quiet inside the trailers that serve as their command
text: post/living quarters. The books are lined up neatly on the
text: shelves. The computers sit, booted up and awaiting data
dialog: input.
text: All the way in the back, past the spare tires and life
text: preservers and canned food and bottled water, up in one
text: storage bin all the way on top, there's a RUSTLING SOUND.
text: A plastic student ID card pops out in the cracks under the
text: bin's door. A photograph in the lower right hand corner of
text: the card is visible -- it's Kelly, Malcolm's twelve-year-old
dialog: daughter.
text: The card wriggles against the lock and, with a soft CLICK, the
text: door pops open. KELLY herself tumbles out, wrapped in several
text: blankets and carrying a mason jar half full of a yellowish
dialog: liquid. We can guess.
text: She leaps to her feet, blinks the light out of her eyes, and
text: bolts to the back of the trailer as fast as she possibly can.
text: She races through a narrow door and SLAMS it shut.
text: A sign on the door says "RESTROOM." Inside, a SIGH of relief
text: is heard.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE TRAIL - DAY
text: Along a stream bed, the jungle trees still shiver. NICK loads
text: a three quarter inch tape into his heavy video camera and
text: chews anxiously on a piece of gum. SARAH and DR. JUTTSON are
text: beside him as the group nervously follows the GROANING forest
text: trees to their right.
text: At the rear, EDDIE and MALCOLM walk side by side. Eddie is
text: carrying a heavy silver rifle, an aluminum canister hanging
text: beneath the barrel. He shows it to Malcolm, his voice low and
dialog: urgent.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Lindstradt air rifle. Fires a
text: subsonic Fluger impact-delivery dart.
text: He cracks open the cartridge bank, revealing a row of plastic
text: containers filled with straw-colored liquid. Each is tipped
text: with a three inch needle and carries a bright yellow warning
scene_heading: tag -- "EXTREME DANGER! LETHAL TOXICITY!"
speaker_heading: EDDIE (cont'd)
dialog: I loaded the enhanced venom of Conus
dialog: purpurascens, the South Sea cone
dialog: shell. Most powerful neurotoxin in
dialog: the world. Acts within a
dialog: two-thousandth of a second. Faster
dialog: than the nerve-conduction velocity.
text: The animal's down before it feels the
text: prick of the dart.
text: From their right, the shaking trees seen closer now. By
text: walking down the stream bed, the humans are tracking right
text: along with the animals as they move in the foliage.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (to Eddie)
dialog: Is there an antidote?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Like if you shoot yourself in the
dialog: foot? Wouldn't matter. You'd be
dialog: dead before you realized you'd
text: accidentally pulled the trigger.
text: Ahead of them, thick foliage blocks the path of the dried up
text: stream bed to the height of about fifteen feet. But around
text: them, the CRASHING sounds get louder and closer, the swaying
text: trees shiver right beside them. Eddie raises the rifle in
text: defense as the trees right at the edge of the stream bed sway
text: and part. Above the foliage, they see the sudden
dialog: movement --
dialog: 
text: -- of a row of STEGOSAUR fins. The spade-shaped fins run
text: along a ridge down the middle of the animal's back, about
text: three feet tall each. The group freezes, amazed, and as the
text: stegosaur continues on, they get a good look at it through a
text: break in the foliage.
text: It's a large dinosaur with a small head, a thick neck, and a
text: huge lumbering body.
text: A double row of plates runs along the crest of its back, and
text: it has a dragging trail with long spikes in it.
text: The gum drops out of Nick's mouth, FLOPS onto his shirt, and
dialog: sticks there.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Oh --
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: -- my --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- God!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It's beautiful!
text: A second stegosaur, a baby about a quarter the size of the
text: first animal, breaks through the foliage, following the adult.
text: While the group is reaching to that, the earth vibrates and
text: a third stego, by far the biggest of the three, walks out of
text: the foliage right behind them, crossing within ten feet.
dialog: 
dialog: Apparently unconcerned about these little creatures in their
text: environment, the stegos continue on across the stream bed.
text: Sarah raises a still camera and shoots pictures. Her shutter
text: is muted, so that a muffled CLICK is all that's audible.
text: Juttson raises a pocket recorder to his lips and whispers into
text: it breathlessly.
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: Stegosaurus, family Stegosauridae,
dialog: infraorder Stegosauria, suborder
dialog: Thyreophora. Length, adult male,
text: estimate twenty-five to thirty feet.
text: His breathy words turn into almost helpless laughter, of all
text: things, as he can't contain his astonishment. Eddie covers
text: his mouth, trying to keep him quiet.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (to Juttsn)
dialog: That was a pair bond! A family
dialog: group, even, long after that infant
dialog: was nestbound!
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: I want to see the nesting ground!
text: Nick turns to Malcolm, eyes like saucers, and makes a futile,
dialog: wordless, boy-was-I-wrong-on-this-one gesture. Malcolm
text: smiles, leans over, and TAPS softly on Nick's video camera.
text: Nick raises it to his shoulder and flicks it on as the group
text: continues on into the bush after the animals.
text: IN THE BUSH,
text: the baby wanders away from the group and ambles over near
text: where Sarah crouches in the bushes. Sarah raises her camera
text: again and silently SNAPS a picture. She WHISPERS to Juttson,
text: who is beside her.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Lone nest -- not colonial. I don't
dialog: see an egg clutch...
text: She gestures and Juttson peers through a pair of field
dialog: glasses.
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: (whispering back)
text: The empty shells are crushed and
text: trampled. The young stay in the
dialog: birth environment, that's conclusive!
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: Not without a shot of the nest.
text: She sees an opportunity. As the baby heads back to its
text: parents, Sarah scoots right along with it, moving behind it,
text: using its body as a shield to block her from the view of the
dialog: other two.
text: Nick and Eddie's faces whiten in alarm. Nick reaches out to
text: stop her, but he barely gets hold of the sole of her boot
text: before she pulls away from him and duckwalks out into the
dialog: clearing.
text: IN THE CLEARING,
text: Sarah slinks along behind the baby stego as it walks back,
text: toward the nest, chewing the branches it carries in its south.
text: She raises up sightly, squeezing off pictures of the herd,
text: ever better as she gets closer.
text: BACK AT THE HILL,
text: the others can only watch her, aghast.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: She's gutty.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: She's nuts.
text: IN THE CLEARING,
text: Sarah keeps moving closer. The baby passes a small grouping
text: of rocks and Sarah ducks behind them. She's now in a perfect
text: position to photograph the nest, and she squeezes off picture
text: after picture from this ideal vantage point.
text: She shoots the last picture on the roll --
text: -- and the camera's autowinder WHIRS to life. Sarah looks
text: down in horror as the camera's motor WHINES loudly in her
dialog: hands.
dialog: 
text: Th noise startles the animals. The male turns toward her
text: the plates on its back bristling. Sarah gets to her feet and
text: starts to move away, slowly.
text: The male turns away from her and swings its tail, spikes
text: extended. It WHIZZES through the air, right at her, but Sarah
text: leaps back at the last second --
text: -- and the tail's spikes THUD into the dirt where she was.
text: Sarah CRUNCHES to the ground and the three stegosaurs dart
text: away, disappearing into the bush, moving surprisingly quickly
dialog: for animals their size.
text: The others run to Sarah, help her to her feet, and pull her
text: back, against a massive tree trunk. But the tree trunk lifts
text: right up off the ground.
text: It's no tree, it's a DINOSAUR'S LEG, a massive one, six feet
text: across, God knows how many feet high. The Group gasps and
text: looks up as a MAKENCHIASAURUS, an enormous saurupod over a
text: hundred feet from nose to tail, lumbers away from them.
text: The Group stares in wonder as the mamenchiasaur stops and
text: HONKS furtively, its long neck stretched out above them.
text: Now a second mamenchiasaur neck cranes out of the
text: surrounding forest trees and wraps around the first. The
text: first mamenchiasaur THUNDERS around in a semi-circle, getting
text: into position behind the second.
text: Nick swings his video camera straight up and the group
text: suddenly finds itself in the middle of a mamenchiasaur mating.
text: The mighty tails swing and SNAP around them as the two animals
text: come together, and trees start snapping and falling, CRASHING
text: to the jungle floor.
text: The group panics and bolts for cover toward the only place
text: where the trees are not falling -- which is directly underneath
dialog: the animals!
text: Amid HONKS and BLEATS, the swinging tails continue to deforest
text: the jungle around them.
text: The noise and chaos is deafening, drowning out the LAUGHTER
text: and SCREAMS of the fascinated and terrified group.
text: There is a momentary lull and the group dashes out from
text: underneath the animals, disappearing into the thick forest.
text: A SHORT DISTANCE AWAY,
text: the Group collapses to the ground, breathless, chests heaving
text: with wild, frightened laughter. Sarah goes to Malcolm and
text: throws her arms around him, exhilarated.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Tan, you're not insane! I'm so
dialog: glad! —
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: Dr. Malcolm -- the world -- owes you
text: an apology.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE TRAIL - DAY
text: Suddenly, the Gathereres are taking their expedition a lot more
text: seriously. They march quickly back to base camp, their energy
text: and excitement palpable. NICK strikes a match and raises it
text: to a cigarette with a shaking hand, but SARAH leans in and
text: blows it out.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No more smoking. We leave no scent
dialog: of any kind. No hair tonics, no
dialog: cologne, seal all our food in plastic
dialog: bags. We will observe and document,
dialog: but we will not interact.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: That's a scientific impossibility,
dialog: you know. Heisenberg uncertainty
dialog: principle. Whatever you study, you
dialog: also change.
text: Nick ejects the used videotape from his camera and pulls out a
dialog: sharpie, to label it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What should I call this? "Jurassic
dialog: Pork?"
text: Eddie, next to him, laughs.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (still to Malcolm)
dialog: And let's forget about the high hide.
dialog: We can't do this kind of work up in a
dialog: tower, we need to be out in the
dialog: field, as close to the animals as
dialog: possible.
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: I'm not surprised stegosaur lived in
dialog: a family group, but there's never
dialog: been anything in the fossil record to
dialog: prove the carnivores did.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Why wouldn't they? Look at hyenas,
dialog: jackals, nearly all species of
dialog: predator birds --
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: That doesn't say a thing about T-rex,
dialog: they could have been rogues. Robert
dialog: Burke certainly thinks they were.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We've got to see one to find out.
dialog: Is there any —
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: No way.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Oh, my God.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: -- way we could safely --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Oh, no!
text: He takes off, running as fast as he can, down the trail,
text: toward base camp. They look ahead, in the direction Nick is
text: running. A plume of black smoke is rising up over the trees.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Fire!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP - DAY
text: NICK bursts out of the trees and races toward the thick plume
text: of smoke. In the middle of the base camp, someone has neatly
text: built a campfire surrounded by stones. Flames burn in the
dialog: middle.
text: Nick races over to it and stomps it out as the OTHERS emerge
text: from the trees behind him.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: A campfire?!
text: Nick grabs a jug of water, but Sarah steps in.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No! Water mixes the smoke billow,
dialog: use dirt!
text: They start to kick and rake dirt onto the fire with their
text: hands and feet. Eddie and Dr. Juttson jump in and help out.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Who the hell started a campfire?!
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.s.)
dialog: It was just to make lunch.
text: Malcolm turns toward the source of the voice. KELLY stands in
text: the doorway of the trailer, sheepish.
speaker_heading: KELLY (cont'd)
dialog: I wanted it ready when you got back.
text: The whole group stares, stunned, none more so than Malcolm
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Oh ... man.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP - LATER
text: Later, and base camp is a blur of activity. SARAH, JUTTSON,
text: NICK, and EDDIE are hard at work, burying the remains of the
text: fire, sealing their food in plastic bags, loading camera
text: equipment, packing up specimen containers and other
dialog: information-gathering equipment.
text: MALCOLM, meanwhile, is lecturing Kelly.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: You know you were putting yourself in
dialog: a potentially dangerous situation,
dialog: but you didn't bother to find out
dialog: how dangerous before you leapt in.
dialog: You don't have the faintest idea
dialog: what's going on on this island!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (loading a backpack)
dialog: What do you want to do, Ian, lock her
dialog: up for curiosity? Where do you think
dialog: she gets it?
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: (to Nick)
dialog: Do you have chromium tapes? The
dialog: others fog in high-
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: -humidity, I know.
dialog: (waving a tape)
dialog: Highest lead density on the market.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (to Malcolm)
dialog: We've got a lot of heavy marching
dialog: ahead of us. I'm not carrying
dialog: anybody.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I can keep up.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: You're going home. I'm sending a
dialog: radio call for the boats. We'll all
dialog: go down to the lagoon and wait for
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Lighten up, Ian, you sound like a
dialog: high school vice-principal.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I'm her father.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Sure, now.
text: Nick leans over and whispers to Eddie, gesturing to Malcolm
dialog: and Kelly.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Do you see any family resemblance
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: You can't stay, Kelly, that's it.
dialog: It's too dangerous.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: If it's so dangerous, why'd you bring
dialog: any of us?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You're wrong, Dad. I do know
dialog: what's going on on this island.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: How could you possibly?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Because you said so. Maybe nobody
dialog: else believed you, but I always
dialog: did. ~
text: He looks at her, touched. Nick mutters to Eddie again.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: The kid scores with cheap sentiment.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Ian, if we recall the boat now, we've
dialog: made two invasive landings in one
dialog: day. That'll have to go in any paper
dialog: I write, and it will leave room for
dialog: people to say our findings were
dialog: contaminated. You know the academic
dialog: world as well as I do, once they
dialog: smell blood in the water, you're
dialog: dead. Our presence has got to be one
dialog: hundred percent antiseptic. That
dialog: means if we bend a blade of grass, we
dialog: bend it right back the way it-
text: A low sound has been rising while she speaks, and now it comes
text: BOOMING over the jungle around them, a THUNDEROUS racket that
text: shakes the very ground beneath them. Suddenly, three C-130
text: military cargo planes THUNDER overhead and ROAR toward the
text: island interior, flying very low. The planes are enormous,
text: fat-assed creatures, their rear cargo doors hanging open.
speaker_heading: AT A RIDGE,
text: the members of the gatherer expedition hit the dirt and peer
text: over a ledge, watching as the airplanes bank and circle over a
dialog: specific spot.
text: Eddie raises a pair of field glasses.
speaker_heading: DOWN BELOW,
text: huge metal equipment containers are shoved out the back of the
text: cargo bays. They SNAP off trees like matchsticks, CRUSH flat
dialog: anything foolish enough to exist where they want to land.
text: Now MEN pour out the rear of the planes, their low-altitude
text: parachutes billowing open behind them.
text: UP ON THE RIDGE,
text: Nick looks at Sarah.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You were saying something about
dialog: antiseptic?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HUNTERS' CAMP - DAY
text: Metal container doors CLANG to the ground, jeep engines ROAR
text: to life in a cloud of thick black diesel smoke, blue laser
text: barriers SIZZLE and BURN through foliage as this group of
text: HUNTERS establishes a perimeter around their new camp.
text: PETER LUDLOW, dressed in brand new Banana Republic safari
text: wear, steps into the center of the camp and surveys the
text: surroundings. He turns to DR. ROBERT BURKE, a ragged,
text: pony-tailed man in wire-rimmed glasses.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: Welcome to your dream come true, Dr.
dialog: Burke.
text: Burke has a detailed set of satellite recon photographs that
text: he spreads out on the hood of a jeep.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I believe the large herbivores forage
text: in open plains, like bison, which
dialog: would explain the great variety of
dialog: heat dots we're reading in the
dialog: flatlands around this waterhole.
dialog: Right -- here.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: Then that's where we're going.
text: Burke flips open a manifest that he will carry with him at all
text: times. Inside, there are dozens of sketches of various kinds
text: underneath. As each vehicle ROARS out of the equipment
text: container, Burke slips a waterproof eight by ten card with an
text: icon of the various dinosaurs on the island into a slot in the
text: dashboard.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (calling them off)
dialog: Hadrosaurus! Carinthosaurus!
dialog: Maiasaurus!
text: As the procession goes on, Ludlow turns to DIETER STARK, the
dialog: man we saw welding earlier.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: This is as good a place as any for
dialog: base camp. First priority is the
dialog: laser barriers, I want them all up
text: and running in thirty minutes. Half
dialog: an hour, understand?
text: Dieter nods and turns to some of the HUNTERS, who number about
text: twenty in all, that are working nearby. But someone steps in
text: front of Dieter, cutting him off. It's ROLAND TEMBO, the
text: hunter from the bar in Mombassa.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Cancel that, Dieter.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: What? Why?
text: Roland points to a stream running nearby.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Carnivores hunt near stream beds. Do
dialog: you want to set up base camp or an
dialog: all-you-can-eat people bar?
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: You heard his, Dieter. Find a new
dialog: spot. And remember, we're after
dialog: herbivores only -- no unnecessary
dialog: risks.
text: Dieter SIGHS and goes to work. Roland puts an arm around
text: Ludlow and pulls him aside.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Peter, if you want me to run your
dialog: little camping trip, there are two
dialog: conditions. First -- I'm in
dialog: charge, and when I'm not around,
dialog: Dieter is. Your job is to sign the
dialog: checks, tellus we're doing a good
dialog: job, and open your case of scotch
dialog: when we have a good day. Second
dialog: condition -- my fee. You can keep
dialog: it. All I want in exchange for my
dialog: services is the right to hunt one of
text: the tyrannosaurs. A male. Buck
dialog: only. Why and how are my business.
dialog: If you don't like either of those
dialog: conditions, you're on your own. Go
dialog: ahead and set up your camp right
dialog: here, or in a swamp, or in the middle
dialog: of a rex nest, for all I care. But
dialog: I've been on too many safaris with
dialog: rich dentists to listen to any more
dialog: suicidal ideas. Okay?
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: (what else can he say?)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Good lad.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE
text: The jungle foliage shivers, quakes, and finally falls as the
text: Hunters' convoy ROARS into the hart of the jungle. DIETER
text: STARK stands in the front of the lead vehicle, the
text: "speedbird," waving the convoy forward, his Driver (CARTER) at
text: the wheel beside him.
text: LUDLOW is in the back seat of the speedbird next to DR. BURKE.
text: ROLAND and AJAY, his tracker, are in the second jeep. They
text: look up as the brakelights on the speedbird flash and the car
text: stops, forcing the rest of the convoy to halt as well.
text: In the front, the speedbird flashes its lights at something in
text: front of it. Dieter climbs out, plainly irritated. He walks
text: around the front of the car and sees --
text: -- four PACHYCEPHALOSAURS eating grass in the middle of the
text: jungle trail. They're about five feet tall, thick, heavy-set
text: animals whose distinctive feature is an enormous skull casing,
text: a tall, impressive crown that rises on the tops of their
text: heads. Dieter doesn't seem impressed. He looks back at
text: Ludlow, who look at Dr. Burke.
text: Burke stands up in his seat, a look of wonder on his face.
speaker_heading: BURKE
speaker_heading: Pachycephalosaurus!
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: Carnivore?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (enchanted)
dialog: Huh? No! No, herbivore, late
dialog: Cretaceous. Very unusual plant
dialog: eater, see that distinctive domed
dialog: skull? That's nine inches of solid
dialog: bone.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: (who cares?)
dialog: Just get them out of the way, Dieter.
speaker_heading: DIETER
dialog: COME ON, MOVE IT!!
text: The pachys look up at him sluggishly, still eating, like cows
text: chewing their cuds. As unimpressive with him as he is with
text: them, they go back to their grass.
speaker_heading: DIETER (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, for God's --
text: He slings his rifle off his shoulder and aims it at the
text: closest animal. Behind him, Roland has climbed out of the
text: second jeep.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Dieter. This is a round-up, not a
dialog: war. Use your powers of persuasion.
text: Dieter gestures to the speedbird to pull ahead, which it does,
text: slowly, toward the animals. The pachys look up, alert, but do
text: not move. Dieter walks toward them.
speaker_heading: DIETER
dialog: Come on, come on, don't have all
dialog: day!
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (going on to no one in
dialog: particular)
text: See, the pachy's neck attaches at the
text: bottom of its skull instead of the
text: back of its head, as with reptiles.
text: The speedbird draws closer. The first pachy stares at it
text: intently. The lead vehicle gets closer, closer --
text: -- and BANGS into the pachy, knocking it back a few feet, out
dialog: of the way.
speaker_heading: BURKE (cont'd)
text: So when it lowers its head, its neck
text: lines up directly with its
dialog: backbone --
scene_heading: BEHIND DIETER,
text: Ajay is staring at something on the ground at his feet. He
text: takes a few steps further into the foliage, then turns back
text: toward Roland.
speaker_heading: AJAY
dialog: Roland.
text: UP AT THE FRONT,
text: the pachys turn and hop away. Dieter turns and heads back to
text: the speedbird. As he reaches for the door, a VOICE calls
text: "look out!" from behind him. Dieter spins around, just in
dialog: time to see --
text: -- the first pachy in full charge. It SLAMS headfirst into
text: the speedbird, SMASHING the headlights and denting the grill.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (concluding his lecture)
dialog: Which is perfect for absorbing
dialog: impact.
text: Dieter turns and runs around to the front of the car. The
text: pachy has backed up for another run and is now CHARGING RIGHT
speaker_heading: AT HIM.
text: Dieter retreats, quickly, and rips open the passenger door to
dialog: protect himself.
text: SLAM! The pachy clobbers the door, sending Dieter flying
text: against the car, knocking the wind out of him.
text: In the other jeeps, the rest of the HUNTERS stand up or lean
text: out the window for a better look, laughing.
text: Pow!! The pachy head-butts the tire next to Dieter. It
text: bounces off, tumbles to the ground, and rolls to its feet as
text: Dieter gets to his knees and crawls toward the back of the
text: speedbird.
text: But the pachy is quicker and lunges at Dieter again. He's
text: forced to hit the dirt and crawls quickly underneath the
text: speedbird, just as the animal SLAMS into the rear of the
dialog: vehicle.
text: Now the other three animals join the jun. Ludlow and the
text: Driver have to cover their heads as the animals lunge at the
text: car again and again, SMASHING the steel-meshed windows and
text: MANGLING the quarter panels. The rest of the group watches,
text: vastly amused.
text: A FEW STEPS INTO THE JUNGLE,
text: Ajay and Roland are staring at something on the ground -- an
text: animal footprint, three-toed, enormous.
speaker_heading: AJAY
text: It matches the pictures.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: It certainly does.
text: Roland gets up and goes back to his vehicle, ignoring the
text: pachy demolition derby that continues up at the speedbird.
text: Roland opens a case in the back of the jeep, revealing --
text: -- his gun. It's an antique elephant gun, a double barreled
text: .600 Nitro Express. Nearly a hundred years old, it's still in
text: immaculate condition, its rosewood stock buttery smooth,
text: bisons delicately engraved along its silver breach.
text: The barrels are twenty-four inches long, topped with an ivory
text: bead foresight at the business end. Roland scoops up the gun,
text: breaks the breach, and pulls two rounds of ammunition from his
text: shirt pocket.
text: Four inches long and three-quarters of an inch in diameter,
dialog: these are the largest full metal jacket cartridges ever made.
text: He slips one into each barrel and heads back into the bush.
text: Roland pauses before he goes, as if noticing the animals
text: trashing the speedbird for the first time.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
speaker_heading: HEY!
text: The pachys all freeze, staring at him. Roland waves one hand,
text: HISSES sharply between his teeth --
text: -- and the pachys scatter, back into the jungle. Takes care
text: of that problem. Roland turns and heads back into the jungle,
text: calling out over his shoulder to Ludlow.
speaker_heading: ROLAND (cont'd)
dialog: Don't worry about us. We'll catch
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: Where do you think you're going?!
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: To collect my fee.
text: And with that he disappears into the foliage.
text: The Driver of the Speedbird drops it into gear and the
text: battered car GROANS forward. As it moves ahead, it reveals
text: DIETER, lying underneath it, ego bruised worse than body.
text: IN THE JUNGLE,
text: Ajay takes a step into the bush, but at a ninety degree
text: angle away from the direction in which the animals tracks
dialog: lead.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Ajay.
text: Ajay turns. Roland points in the direction in which the
text: footprints lead.
speaker_heading: ROLAND (cont'd)
dialog: I'm no tracker, but even I can read
dialog: this spoor.
speaker_heading: AJAY
dialog: Do you wish to go where the animal
dialog: has been, or where the animal is?
text: Roland smiles. Ajay sets off in his direction and Roland
text: follows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND RIDGE - DAY
text: Seen from a ridge above them, the hunters’ convoy continues to
text: plow through the jungle. But how the hunters themselves are
text: being tracked, followed by the GATHERERS. They scurry along
text: as fast as they can, trying to keep pace with the moving
text: vehicle below.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Why didn't you tell us about these
dialog: guys, Ian?!
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Because I didn't know! I don't have
dialog: the faintest idea what they're doing
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Ruining everything, that's what
dialog: they're doing. You could choke on
dialog: the diesel smoke already!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Ian, nothing we observe will be valid
dialog: if we're trailing along in the wake
text: of an army.
text: Kelly has a pair of binoculars and is studying the vehicles as
text: they move below.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: "InGen." What's InGen?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Where does it say that?
speaker_heading: KELLY
text: On the side of that one truck.
text: Malcolm takes the binoculars and stares down there himself
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: InGen is a genetics corporation
dialog: isn't it?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (to Malcolm)
dialog: Is that who we're really working
dialog: 
dialog: for?! Gene splicers?!
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: No! We're an independently funded
dialog: expedition.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Funded by whom?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: John Hammond.
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: But he's the head of InGen!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You gotta be kidding.
dialog: (to Malcolm)
dialog: You dragged me out of Greenpeace to
dialog: be a corporate stooge? You couldn't
dialog: get anybody else?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Yeah, what have you done, Dad?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We'd better keep moving, or we'll
dialog: lose them.
text: The group moves on ahead, but Malcolm lingers, angry, staring
text: through the binoculars.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: What are you doing to me, John?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE CAVES - DAY
text: AJAY and ROLAND make their way through the foliage and come
text: into a small clearing, where a cluster of caves is carved into
text: the rock. Ajay freezes, gesturing ahead, to the cave on the
text: far left.
text: Roland pulls up a handful of grass and releases it on the
text: breeze. It floats back between his legs. That's good.
text: He proceeds toward the cave, carefully, Ajay behind him. They
text: can see nothing beyond the yawning mouth of the cave, only a
text: black interior.
text: Roland pauses, looking down. On the ground to his right he
text: sees the partially eastern leg of a creature. It's old,
text: crawling with white maggots and flies.
text: Roland continues on. Closer to the cave, he now passes the
text: skull of a large animal, some of the flesh and green skin
text: still adhering to the bone. It, too, is covered with flies.
text: Still he continues on. A short rise leads into the cave, and
text: they edge up it. From inside the cave, they can hear an odd
text: SQUEAKING sound, very high-pitched.
text: Crawling now, Roland and Ajay scale a four-foot circular
text: rampart of dried mud, and peer into --
text: -- the tyrannosaur nest. It's flattered inside, about ten
text: feet in diameter, completely encircled by earthen walls.
text: A BABY TYRANNOSAUR, about four and a half feet long, is in the
text: center of the nest. It has a large head, very large eyes, and
text: its body is covered with a fluffy red down, which gives it a
text: scraggly appearance.
text: It SQUEAKS repeatedly, tearing awkwardly at the remains of a
text: chunk of animal flesh, biting decisively with tiny, sharp
dialog: teeth.
text: The cave itself is a foul boneyard. ANIMAL CARCASSES litter
text: the edges, flies BUZZ in the captive air. Roland raises a
text: bandana to his nose to cover the stench. He turns to Ajay and
speaker_heading: WHISPERS.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: It's the rex nest.
text: Ajay nods. The baby tyrannosaur hears the whisper and looks
text: up, cocking its head in curiosity.
speaker_heading: AJAY
dialog: Make a blind here? Wait for the buck
dialog: to return?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: (shakes his head no)
dialog: If the nest is upwind, so are we.
dialog: When he comes back, he'll know we're
dialog: here before we have a chance. The
dialog: truck --
text: In the nest below, the baby SQUEAKS angrily at the intruders.
speaker_heading: ROLAND (cont'd)
dialog: -- is to get him to come where we
dialog: want him.
text: The baby SQUEAKS again, indignant. Roland turns and looks
text: down at it. Thinking.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGE - DUSK
text: As the sun glows bright orange on the horizon, NICK raises a
text: pair of binoculars to his eyes and peers down at the vista
text: below the ridge.
text: In the lenses of the binoculars, we can clearly see a mixed
text: herd of midsized herbivores -- HARDOSAURS, PACHYCEPHALOSAURS,
text: and CALLIMIMUSES -- racing across the plain below.
text: MALCOLM, also staring through binoculars, lies on the ridge
text: beside him. SARAH is several feet behind them, her back
text: pressed against a tree, unwilling to go to the lip of the
dialog: ridge.
scene_heading: THROUGH NICK'S BINOCULARS
text: We see a shaky point of view of the herd running. The
text: binoculars whip to the right --
text: -- revealing a jeep chasing the herd Not just one jeep, in
text: fact, but a whole FLEET OF HUNTER PURSUIT VEHICLES!
text: There are two herding jeeps, one motorcycle, as speedier
text: mini-jeep, and, further behind, a container truck and a
text: wrangler's pickup truck.
text: Although there's a great deal of commotion below, up here it's
text: almost eerily silent.
text: ON THE RIDGE,
text: Nick lowers the binoculars, angry. When he raises them again,
text: the sun FLARES off the lens --
scene_heading: EXT. THE PLAIN - DUSK
text: -- and when the brilliant flare clears, we're right down in
text: the middle of the roundup. Engines ROAR, wheels spin and dig
text: in the dirt, men SHOUT and radios SQUAWK as the hunter
text: vehicles pursue the fleeting herd they're flushed.
text: The HUNTER SHOUT and SHRIEK with glee, incredulous and
text: thrilled by the spectacular animals they're pursuing.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
text: LOOK AT THESE THINGS!
speaker_heading: HUNTER 2
scene_heading: THEY'RE BEAUTIFUL, MAN, THEY'RE
dialog: BEAUTIFUL!!!
text: One of the pursuit vehicles (a "snagger"), pulls ahead of the
text: others. DIETER STARK stands in the passenger seat, holding a
text: long pole with a noose dangling from the end of it.
text: He swings the pole out over the side of the jeep and SHOUTS to
dialog: the driver.
speaker_heading: DIETER
speaker_heading: FASTER!
text: The Driver hits the gas and the snagger leaps forward, gaining
text: on the herd. Aware of the danger behind them, the herd veers
text: to the right, toward the cover of thick jungle --
text: -- but the motorcycle ROARS in from the right side, cutting
text: them off, herding them back out into the open.
text: BACK IN THE CONTAINER TRUCK,
text: PETER LUDLOW stands in a "conning tower," a command post in
text: the heaviest pursuit vehicle. He BARKS into a walkie-talkie.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
text: Alive, Dieter, and uninjured!
text: BACK ON THE SNAGGER,
text: the Driver can barely keep up with the twists and feints
text: thrown by the herd ahead of him. Dieter CURSES and throws the
text: lasso pole into the back of the jeep. Ludlow's voice
text: continues over the radio in Dieter's jeep.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW (0.s.)
dialog: Those are very expensive animals!
dialog: Can you hear me?!
speaker_heading: DIETER
dialog: (to the Driver)
dialog: Turn that off!
text: The Driver SNAPS off the radio as Dieter grabs a long-barreled
text: rifle from the back of the vehicle.
speaker_heading: THE MOTORCYCLE
text: guns it again, forcing the herd back into the middle of the
text: plain. From the trees to the left, two heads on enormous
text: necks rise up in alarm. Two APATOSAURS are startled from the
text: bush and lumber out across the middle of the plain.
text: The herd doesn't even break stride, but keeps running,
text: scampering after the giants and stampeding right between their
text: massive legs.
text: One smaller pachycephalosaur bolts loose, but the motorcycle
text: cuts it off and herds it back into the middle, which now takes
text: the motorcycle right through the rising and falling legs of
dialog: the apotosaurs.
text: The bike chases the pachy out the other side, and as the
text: apatosaurs disappear into the distance, the cycle isolates the
dialog: juvenile.
text: Another truck, a "scissor rig," spots the isolated animal.
text: High in the back of the truck, a HUNTER mans a tranquilizer
text: cannon, drawing a bead on the pachy as the cycle runs it down.
text: He FIRES and the tranquilizer dart hits the animal in the
text: neck. Its pace slows and another HUNTER from the truck tosses
text: a lasso around its neck.
text: They crank a winch, reeling in the animal.
text: As the truck gain on it, two six-foot padded arms with what
text: look like heavy airbags on the insides open up on the front of
dialog: the truck.
text: As the animal is pulled in, the scissors close with a
text: hydraulic WHIR, trapping the animal between its airbags.
text: Now a pick-up rig ROARS up and drops its back gate. The
text: scissor rig rolls forward, depositing the squirming pachy in
dialog: this dino-contaiment vehicle.
text: Two HUNTERS throw levers on the side of the scissor bars and
text: the scissor rig backs away, leaving the animal, still pinched
text: between the bars, imprisoned in the back of the pick-up rig.
text: The Hunters quickly fit new scissor bars onto the scissor rig
text: and it takes off, back into the hunt.
text: BACK ON THE SNAGGER,
text: Dieter, rifle in hand, drops down into the passenger seat,
text: whips a harness over himself and CLICKS it into place. He
text: jabs his thumb into a flashing red button in the dashboard.
text: Immediately, a motor underneath the seat HUMS to life and the
text: seat itself telescopes, extending a good four feet out to
text: Dieter raises the gun, picks a CARINTHOSAUR, a red-crested
text: herbivore, from the rear of the fleeting herd, and takes aim.
dialog: BANG! !
text: The carinthosaur staggers as a tranquilizer dart sticks in
text: its left hindquarter.
text: UP ON THE RIDGE,
text: there is utter quiet. Nick and the others stare wordlessly at
text: the spectacle below.
text: DOWN ON THE PLAIN,
text: the snagger SHUDDERS to a halt in the dirt, kicking up a huge
text: cloud of dust and dirt.
text: The motorcycle spins to a stop beside it, its DRIVER pushing
text: his mask up to reveal his sweat and dirt-streaked face.
text: The wrangler truck backs up and drops its rear door, which
text: CLANGS heavily to the ground.
text: FOUR WRANGLERS carrying wire noose poles and chains race down
text: the ramp and out of the truck.
text: Dieter jumps off the snagger. He puts down his tranquilizer
text: gun, picks up a long steel rod, and walks forward slowly.
text: Ahead of him, the carinthosaur is still on its feet.
text: The sedated animal staggers, fighting to retain its balance
text: while it is surrounded by the wary Wranglers.
speaker_heading: DIETER
dialog: Easy -- easy -- not too close!
dialog: Full extension!
text: The Wranglers adjust their poles, extending them another three
text: feet, which allows them to stay further from the reeling, ten
text: foot tall animal.
speaker_heading: DIETER (cont'd)
dialog: Now!
text: Almost as one, the Wranglers flip their noose over the
text: stunned animal's neck. It thrashes, but the Wranglers hold
text: their poles tightly, surrounding and immobilizing it.
text: UP ON THE RIDGE,
text: Nick turns away. He can't watch.
text: DOWN ON THE PLAIN,
text: a bolero-type device, a rope with a round weight at either
text: end, whips around the carinthosaur's legs. The animal THUDS
text: to the dirt with a SNORT of a defeat.
text: Ludlow steps up next to Dieter and both of them stare down at
text: the helpless animal. Ludlow's breathing heavily, eyes
text: glowing.
text: The animal is still thrashing, pumping its legs crazily.
text: Dieter turns a knob on the side of the steel rod he's holding
text: and thrusts it into the defenseless animal's neck.
text: A blue arc of electricity CRACKS and dances over the
text: carinthosaur's body. The animal convulses in pain, a
text: horrible, high-pitched SQUEALING rips the air.
text: DR. BURKE, their paleontologist, hurries forward with a
dialog: syringe.
text: He draws a certain amount of tranquilizer from a bottle and
text: injects it into the animal's thigh.
text: CARTER, Dieter's Driver, steps up with a can of spray paint
text: and quickly tags the animal with an ID number in day-glo
dialog: orange.
text: Dieter pulls the card with an icon of a carinthosaur from the
text: dashboard of the jeep and marks a black X over the drawing of
dialog: the animal.
speaker_heading: DIETER
dialog: Next case.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGE - NIGHT
text: Night has fallen over the island. The hunters have
text: established base camp in an area they have trampled and
text: cleared just below the ridge. Blue laser fences encircle the
text: perimeter. Inside, half a dozen tents are set up around a
text: central campfire.
text: The vehicles are all parked at one end, away from the tents.
text: At the other end, there is a row of at least a dozen "capture
text: containers," cages that hold the imprisoned dinosaurs they
dialog: have already rounded up.
text: SARAH, MALCOLM, and NICK stand at the edge of the ridge above,
text: looking down at the scene. Sarah stands a bit further back
text: from the others, not wanting to get too close to the edge.
text: VOICES waft up to them, raucous, LAUGHING, some even SINGING.
text: DR. JUTTSON has a pair of night-vision binoculars trained on
text: the cages.
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: Carinthosaurus -- compsognathus --
dialog: triceratops -- pachycephalosaurus --
dialog: or small scavengers only.
text: Malcolm, also with binoculars, furrows his brow, seeing
dialog: something below.
scene_heading: THROUGH MALCOLM'S BINOCULARS,
text: he sees PETER LUDLOW, standing in the middle of the camp,
text: pointing, giving orders.
text: ON THE RIDGE,
text: Malcolm drops the binoculars.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Ludlow. That's why Hammond was in
dialog: Such a hurry for me to get here. He
dialog: knew they were coming.
text: He gives the binoculars to Sarah, who moves forward gingerly.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM (cont'd)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Heights, I can't help it. Put your
dialog: arm here, will you?
text: She puts his arm around her waits, to steady her while she is
text: close to the cliff edge.
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: What do they want?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: They want their money back. To
dialog: InGen, this island is nothing more
dialog: than a bed investment.
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: We should get back to base camp.
dialog: Eddie's waiting for us.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I can't believe Peter Ludlow's
dialog: running all this.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: He isn't. Check out the guy walking
text: past the fire.
text: She hands the binoculars to Malcolm.
text: THROUGH THE BINOCULARS,
text: Malcolm sees ROLAND, who's walking with AJAY, weapons and
text: equipment slung over their shoulders.
speaker_heading: SARAH (0.s.)
dialog: I've seen him before. In Brazil. He
dialog: and that guy with him were
dialog: spearhunting jaguars. Said it was
dialog: immoral to go after them any other
dialog: way. He's not just a hunter, he's a
dialog: philosopher. Kind of guy who beats
dialog: you up with your own argument.
text: BACK ON THE RIDGE,
speaker_heading: SARAH (cont'd)
dialog: He's the one in charge.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Well, if that's true -- the man in
dialog: charge just left camp.
text: Nick, who has been quietly fuming next to them, now steps
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Then this is our chance.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Our chance to do what?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I don't know these guys, but I know
dialog: ‘em. I've seen ‘em on Japanese
text: whalers, French barges trying to dump
dialog: barrels of nuclear waste in the North
dialog: Atlantic. They're all the same.
dialog: They spray us with water cannon when
dialog: we try to stop 'em, sink our boats,
dialog: and then call us crazy.
text: He rummages through his pack, coming up with various tools. A
text: hunting knife. A bolt cutter.
speaker_heading: NICK (cont'd)
dialog: Nobody has to come with me. I've
dialog: done this before.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Why, Nick. You are a tree-hugger.
text: He looks at her, hurt.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: There’ no reason for name calling.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Dr. Juttson, please take Kelly back
dialog: to camp right away. Leave the other
dialog: car for us and we'll meet you there
dialog: in an hour or so.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What are you guys gonna do?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (signs)
dialog: Exactly what John Hammond wanted us
dialog: to do.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TENT - HUNTER'S CAMP - NIGHT
text: In the hunters’ supply tent, a case of twelve-year-old scotch
text: sits open amid crate after crate of weapons and ammunition.
text: PETER LUDLOW reaches in and pulls a bottle out.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - NIGHT
text: In the jungle, LUDLOW approaches a small clearing. ROLAND is
text: bent over a small stake in the ground, chaining something to
text: it. As Ludlow approaches and walks around him, he sees what
text: protest. Roland looks up.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Offering a little incentive.
text: Ludlow laughs and shakes his head. He takes a drink and
text: offers Roland one. Roland accepts. Ludlow notices Roland's
text: gun leaning against a tree.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: What kind of gun is that?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: My father's .600 Nitro Express. Made
dialog: in 1904. Karimojo Bell gave it to
text: him after he took down his last
text: elephant. 8700 foot pound striking
dialog: force.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: How close do you have to be?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Forty yards. Less, maybe. I assume
dialog: it'll take a slug in the brain case
dialog: to bring him down.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: Why not just use a scope and a poison
dialog: dart and snipe him from a hill?
text: Roland just looks at him.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Or a laser beam from a satellite?
text: Ludlow leans down, close to the baby rex, and examines it
text: while it thrashes on its chain. Its mouth has been bound shut
text: with a leather strap.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: You rally think this'll draw the
dialog: parent?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: I once saw a bull elephant die
text: charging a jeep. All the jeep had
dialog: done was startle the bull's calves.
dialog: I saw a lioness carry wounded prey
text: four and a half miles, all the way
dialog: back to its den, just to teach its
text: cubs how to finish off a kill.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: Killing lessons? Heartwarming.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Rex won't be any different. It'll
dialog: come.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: You're kidding yourself. An adult
dialog: T-rex cares about one thing --
text: filling its own belly. It acts the
dialog: way people wish they could, that's
dialog: why everyone's fascinated by it. If
dialog: people had the chance to see one
dialog: dinosaur and one only, ninety-nine
dialog: percent would --
text: He stops, an idea on his face.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW (cont'd)
dialog: Wait. Why not? Sedatives.
dialog: growth inhibitors...
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: I hadn't planned on bringing
dialog: carnivores back because of the
dialog: liability risk, but I only thought of
dialog: adults, it never occurred to me --
dialog: (close to the animal)
dialog: You are a billion dollar idea, my
dialog: little f£-
text: CRACK! The tyrannosaur, even with its jaws clamped shut,
text: lunges at Ludlow's face, head-butting him right across the
text: bridge of the nose. Ludlow staggers back, WAITING in pain,
text: clutching his bleeding face.
text: Roland laughs. Ludlow, like an enraged child, snatches up
text: Roland's gun and brings the butt down viciously on the rex's
text: leg. The bone breaks with a dry SNAP and the animal HOWLS in
dialog: pain.
text: Roland lunges and throws Ludlow to the ground, but the damage
dialog: is done.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: What the hell you do that for?!
text: As his pain eases, Ludlow feels a bit foolish, but he attempts
dialog: to cover.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: Had to. To keep him still for the
dialog: trip.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: You've broken its leg!
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: We've got to transport it seven
dialog: thousand miles. Would you prefer it
dialog: bit off the leg of a crew member?
text: He gets up, brushes himself off, and heads back to the camp,
text: trying to salvage his dignity. Roland watches him go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF HUNTERS' CAMP - NIGHT
text: At the edge of the hunters' camp, NICK, SARAH, and MALCOLM
text: scramble down a hillside and stop at the edge of the laser
text: barriers. There are three beams, each about two feet apart,
text: the tallest almost six feet off the ground.
text: Nick reaches the edge and crouches. Sarah, helped by Malcolm,
text: steps up onto his back and jumps over the top, landing with a
text: CRUNCH. Nick is next, given a boost by Malcolm, who is then
text: left alone on the other side.
text: He backs up a few steps, jogs right at the lasers, then
text: springs off his good leg --
text: -- and does the Fosburry Flop right over the top. He lands
text: with a THUD, to the silent admiration of the other two.
text: FURTHER IN THE CAMP,
text: the three of them creep along, hiding behind a stack of fuel
text: barrels. They lean around the edge for a look. They're
text: directly behind the row of vehicle.
text: They move, into the open, covering the ground between them and
text: the jeeps. Reaching them, Nick hits the dirt and wriggles
text: under the first one. Malcolm and Sarah stand lookout.
scene_heading: UNDER THE JEEP,
text: Nick pulls the bolt cutter from his back pocket. He squirms
text: along until he finds the jeep's fuel line --
text: -- and he snips it. He ducks out of the way just as the
text: stream of fuel begins to pour into the dirt.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM AND SARAH
text: move slowly down the line, standing watch as Nick crawls out
text: from under the first jeep and proceeds to the second. They
text: hear another SNIP, then keep moving, to cover him as he moves
dialog: to the third.
text: From in the distance, Malcolm hears a sound, a faint,
text: high-pitched SCREECHING. He turns and looks to that
dialog: direction.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE CLEARING - NIGHT
text: It's the baby T-rex, still SCREENING. Up in a nearby tree,
text: ROLAND and AJAY have spread some broken branches crosswise to
text: form a high hide of their own about ten feet off the ground.
text: They wait.
text: Roland raises his binoculars. The light of the camp spills
text: all the way out here, illuminating some of the jungle. He
text: scans it, searching for any sign of movement.
scene_heading: EXT. HUNTERS' CAMP - NIGHT
text: Back in the camp, Sarah, Malcolm, and Nick have finished with
text: all of the vehicles except the badly battered one, which is
text: parked some distance away, undergoing repairs. The motor pool
text: area is now a soggy lake of spilled gasoline.
text: The saboteurs walk casually across the camp, unnoticed in the
text: drunken revelry. They pass several tents, the shadows of the
text: partiers visible as they move inside.
text: They continue across the camp and arrive at the other side --
text: -- to face the caged animals. The carinthosaur that was
text: tranquilized earlier stands there dully, eyes heavy and
text: glassy, still under the effects. They pass a stegosaur, its
text: row of fine bristling.
text: And finally they reach the largest cage, which houses a
text: triceratops the size of a pickup truck, Nick pulls out his
text: trusty bolt cutters. He looks at them, a glint in his eye.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hang on. We may encounter some
text: turbulence.
scene_heading: INT. HUNTERS' CAMP - NIGHT
text: In one of the hunter tents, PETER LUDLOW leans over the
text: satellite recon pictures of the island, planning the next
text: day's assault with DIETER and DR. BURKE, their paleontologist.
text: There are small wooden dinosaur models scattered around the
text: photos, indicating where certain species can be found.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: If you're really interested in
dialog: infants, we'll have better luck at
dialog: the seaside, because the sands offer
text: a cushioning surface where the egg
dialog: clutches can -- can --
text: He trails off. A low RUMBLING sound can be heard outside, and
text: the little wooden dinosaurs start shaking on the board.
text: They look at each other. The RUMBLING gets louder. Outside,
text: someone SHOUTS; on the board, the little dinosaurs start
text: hopping and bouncing from the vibrations, the SHOUTS outside
text: turn to SCREAMS, they turn and look at the back of the tent --
text: -- and the triceratops bursts right through the canvas!
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP - NIGHT
text: HUNTERS go flying as the tent-covered triceratops, its horns
text: tearing through the canvas, RUMBLES across the camp. Men
text: SHOUT in alarm, the triceratops BELLOWS in anger and
text: confusion, chaos reigns.
text: In the crush of PEOPLE running every which way, MALCOLM and
text: SARAH are swept off in one direction while NICK is buffeted
text: in another. They SHOUT, but cannot be heard over the frey.
text: The triceratops, blinded by the canvas shroud, stomps right
text: through the fire in the middle of the camp AND THE TENT BURSTS
text: INTO FLAME.
text: Now really upset, the animal panics and lashes out in all
text: directions, blasting through tents, demolishing and/or setting
dialog: ablaze anything that gets in its way. Its considerable
text: hindquarters SLAM into a parked jeep, sending it rolling
text: across the camp.
text: The jeep flattens the largest tent and SLAMS down on its side.
text: Its broken gas line SPRAYS gas over the ground, the gas hits
text: one of the dozens of small blazes the triceratops has left in
text: its wake, and the flame shoots up the ribbon of gas.
text: The jeep explodes.
text: OUT IN THE JUNGLE CLEARING,
text: Roland and Ajay, up in the tree, leap to their feet as a
text: fireball rises up from the camp in the distance.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: What in God's -- !
text: BACK IN THE CAMP,
text: the rest of the newly-freed animals now storm through the
text: camp. The blue laser barriers bounce crazily and go out as
text: the sending units are trampled underfoot by the fleeing
dialog: animals.
text: AT THE RIDGE OF CAMP,
text: Nick takes advantage of the downed lasers to slip part the
text: bordere of the camp and disappear into the jungle in one
text: direction, while Malcolm and Sarah vanish in the other.
text: The burning tent, which was the equipment tent, now detonates
text: in a series of smaller EXPLOSIONS.
text: Dieter and several others are knocked to the ground by the
text: series of concessive blasts. He drags himself up onto all
text: fours, charred and bruised. A burning tire rolls slowly past
text: him, spinning to a stop --
text: -- at ROLAND's feet. Dieter looks up at him.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Last time I leave you in charge.
text: OUT IN THE JUNGLE,
text: Nick breaks out into the jungle clearing, the same one where
text: Ajay and Roland had their blind. He sees the baby tyrannosaur
text: chained to the stake.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sick bastards.
text: He goes to the animal, which now BLEATS in pain, its broken
text: leg hanging at an odd angle. With one strong tug, Nick pulls
text: the stake out of the ground.
text: BACK IN THE CAMP,
text: Roland surveys the destruction. The fire has spread and
text: several tents are now tongues of flame flapping in the air,
text: the animals are gone or going, and their personnel are
text: scattered and terrified. PETER LUDLOW, breathless, face
text: smeared with dirt, and smoke, staggers up to Roland.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: What in Christ's name is going on?!
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Isn't it obvious?
text: He holds up the sniped padlock from one of the animal cages.
speaker_heading: NICK (cont'd)
dialog: We're not alone on this island.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - NIGHT
text: MALCOLM and SARAH race back up onto the ridge trail, where the
text: green AAV is parked. NICK bursts around from the other side
text: of the car.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Nick, thank God, we didn't know
dialog: if --
text: Malcolm opens the rear door.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Wait, don't ---
text: With a piercing SHRIEK, the BABY TYRANNOSAUR, now in the back
text: of the AAV, flings itself at the open doorway, jaws SNAPPING
text: just short of Malcolm's nose.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: HOLY SHIT!!
text: He SLAMS the door.
text: DOWN IN THE HUNTERS' CAMP,
text: Roland hears the commotion up on the ridge and looks up.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Do we have anyone up there?
text: BACK UP ON THE RIDGE,
text: Malcolm is confronting Nick.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: <U< your of out you>?!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It has a broken leg!
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: So do it a favor and put it out of
dialog: its misery!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No! Get in the car before they hear
dialog: us!
text: He runs around and leaps in the driver's seat. Sarah slips
text: into the passenger seat, quickly, leaving Malcolm no choice
text: but the rear.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - NIGHT
text: The AAV SLAPS through the jungle foliage. From inside the
text: car, we can hear the baby tyrannosaur SCREAMING in anger.
scene_heading: INT. AAV - NIGHT
text: The baby writhes on the base seat next to Malcolm, who has
text: flattened himself against the door, as far away from the
dialog: animal as possible.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Ian, close the window, it's going to
dialog: wake every predator in the jungle!
text: Malcolm leans over the enraged animal and cranks up its
text: window. The tyrannosaur SLASHES with one of its powerful hind
text: legs, ripping the flesh of his forearm. He SHOUTS in pain.
text: Outside, the listening jungle whizzes by.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH HIDE - NIGHT
text: Up in the high hide, EDDIE, DR. JUTTSON, and KELLY are
text: standing watch, scanning the jungle for any sign of their
text: returning comrades.
text: Juttson yanks the night-vision binoculars away from his face
text: as he spots the AAV, pulling up to the base camp a couple
text: hundred yards away.
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: There they are!
text: They all turn and look, but Eddie furrows his brow, watching
text: them pull the wounded animal from the back seat.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What is that they have with them?
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP - NIGHT
text: SARAH and NICK carry the SCREECHING baby tyrannosaur in their
text: arms, headed for the trailer. MALCOLM, holding his bleeding
text: arm, isn't far behind.
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER - NIGHT
text: SARAH and NICK bring the SCREAMING infant to the metal dining
text: table and hold it down. MALCOLM is right behind them.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: This is exceedingly unwise.
text: Sarah turns away from a drawer of medical supplies, holding a
text: small syringe. Her shirt is streaked with blood from the
text: baby's injured leg.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Too late to worry about that! Hold
dialog: him together, Nick!
text: Nick tightens his grip on the animal and Sarah makes an
text: injection into its thigh, over its loudly voiced objections.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Just do whatever you have to do and
dialog: get it out of here as quickly as
dialog: possible.
text: Sarah picks up a small ultrasound transducer and runs it over
text: the animal's leg. A green and white skeletal image appears on
text: a monitor next to the table.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Okay, there's the metatarsals --
dialog: tibia, fibula -- there it is! See
dialog: it? That's a fracture, just above
dialog: the epiphysis.
text: They peer closely at the monitor.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: That little black line?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: That little black line means death
dialog: for this infant. The fibula won't
dialog: heal straight, so the ankle joint
text: can't pivot when he stands on his
text: hind feet. The baby won't be able to
text: run, and probably can't even walk.
dialog: It'll be crippled, and a predator
dialog: will pick it off before it gets more
dialog: than a few weeks old.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Can you set up?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: It has to be temporary, something
dialog: that'll break apart and fall off as
dialog: the animal grows...
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Think fast, Sarah.
text: The tyrannosaur, still in pain, SHRIEKS again.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH HIDE - NIGHT
text: Through their binoculars, the rest of the group watches the
text: trailer carefully. Even inside, the animal's SCREECHES are
text: clearly audible. Kelly is getting scared.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What are they doing? Why don't
dialog: they hurry?!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Give me the radio.
text: From the trailer, the baby lets out a long, plaintive
speaker_heading: SHRIEK --
text: One by one, Eddie, Kelly, and Juttson turn around and stare
text: into the night jungle.
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER - NIGHT
text: NICK holds the animal while SARAH fits an aluminum foil cuff
text: around its injured leg and paints it with a coating of resin.
text: MALCOLM, at the window, stares out anxiously. The animal
text: thrashes again.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Give it more morphine!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We'll kill it with too much, we'll
dialog: put it into respiratory arrest! I'm
dialog: almost done. Damn it, I need
dialog: another adhesive, something pliable I
dialog: can --
dialog: 
text: Her eyes fall on Nick. She holds out her hand, urgently.
speaker_heading: SARAH (cont'd)
dialog: spit!
text: He spits his bubblegum into the palm of her hand. The baby
text: rex CRIES OUT again.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH HIDE - NIGHT
text: From the swaying jungle, there is another answering ROAR.
dialog: And this one's closer.
text: In the high hide, the rest of the group stares, trembling. In
text: the distance, a flock of birds SHRIEKS and takes flight as the
text: tops of some trees move, a whole section of forest suddenly
text: coming alive, as if brushed by wind.
dialog: But it's not the wind.
text: They hear noises, THUDS in the jungle. And then another
text: section of forest trembles. Closer. Another flock of birds
text: bursts out of the treetops and swarms past the high hide.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What is it?
text: Dr. Juttson puts an arm around Kelly, instinctively pulling
text: her closer to him. Eddie WHISPERS urgently into the
text: walkie-talkie.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Sarah, come in!
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
text: It's moving. Fast.
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER - NIGHT
text: There is a radio box mounted on the far wall of the trailer.
text: The speaker BUZZES urgently with Eddie's VOICE.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (o.s.)
dialog: Sarah, Malcolm, can you hear me?!
text: On the table, Sarah is frantically molding Nick's bubblegum
text: into place on the makeshift splint. But the baby rex,
text: regaining its strength, is thrashing again.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hold it down, Nick!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'm trying!
speaker_heading: EDDIE (o.s.)
dialog: (from the radio)
dialog: Is anybody there?!
text: Malcolm moves to answer the radio, but Sarah SHOUTS to him.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Ian, get the bottle of amoxicillin
dialog: and fill a syringe! Quick injection
dialog: of antibiotics and I can get it out
dialog: of here!
text: Forsaking the radio, Malcolm moves to the medicine drawer and
text: comes up with what she wants. Working fast, he draws twenty
text: cc's of the pink liquid.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (o.s.)
text: (still from the radio, now
dialog: desperate)
text: SARAH OR IAN, ANSWER ME!
text: They ignore him as Sarah grabs the syringe and makes the
dialog: injection.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (0.s.)
text: WHATEVER YOU BROUGHT INTO THE
text: TRAILER, GET IT OUT NOW!
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH HIDE - NIGHT
text: Eddie has given up on whispering as he clutches the radio
dialog: desperately.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: WE ESTIMATE TWO LARGE ADULTS HEADED
dialog: IN YOUR DIRECTION! I REPEAT --
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER - NIGHT
text: Nick, Sarah, and Malcolm spin around at hearing that terrible
dialog: piece of information.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Oh, Christ.
text: He bolts over to the wall speaker and hits the button.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM (cont'd)
dialog: Let me talk to Kelly, is she--
text: A deafening ROAR sound from just outside the trailer,
text: followed immediately by a CRASHING sound. They whirl and look
text: to the window, just in time to see --
text: -- _the AAV tumbling by, rolling on its side!
dialog: 
text: There is another ROAR, and the baby, on the table, ROARS in
text: response. Outside the window, the head of a full-grown
text: TYRANNOSAURUS REX lowers and peers inside.
text: Malcolm, Sarah, and Nick all freeze in absolute terror.
text: The rex outside GURGLES, making material cooing noises. The
text: baby rex, calm for the first time, GURGLES back.
text: But across the trailer, in the opposite window, ANOTHER T-REX
scene_heading: HEAD SUDDENLY APPEARS.
text: This one ROARS, deeply, a roar so low and loud it rattles
text: anything in the trailer that isn't tied down.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What do they want?!
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: What do you think they want?!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: That's impossible, they can't have
dialog: the sensory equipment to track it all
dialog: the way here!
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Current evidence seems to be to the
dialog: contrary, wouldn't you say?! GIVE IT
dialog: TO THEM!
text: Nick, hands shaking, grabs the shoulder video camera he used
text: earlier. He whips out the cassette that's in there, hurls it
text: into an open duffel bag with half a dozen others, SLAMS a
text: fresh cassette in, and flicks the "ON" switch.
text: Sarah and Malcolm, meanwhile, hurry to the other end of the
text: trailer, carrying the baby rex. Outside, the two adult rexes
text: stay with them, walking in the same direction, watching them
text: through the window.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAILER - NIGHT
text: Seen from outside, the light inside the trailers clearly
text: illuminates Sarah and Malcolm as they carry the bay rex. The
text: adult rexes tower over the trailer, twice as tall and nearly
text: as long. They walk slowly alongside it, hunched over,
text: watching their infant.
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER - NIGHT
text: At the door to the trailer, Sarah un-muzzles the frantic baby.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Ready?
text: Malcolm reaches for the door handle.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Wait!
text: He dives down on the floor under them, pointing the video
text: camera up at the door, getting the best shot. Malcolm takes a
text: breath, turns the knob, and throws open the door.
text: Outside, the enormous rex heads pause for a moment, staring,
dialog: surprised.
text: Although terrified, Sarah actually starts to sing.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (softly)
text: Born free, as free as the wind blows.
dialog: As free as the grass grows --
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Are you insane?!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I swear to God, it works with lions
dialog: sometimes! There we are -- your baby
dialog: is free --
text: The baby, excited, wriggles free of them and lands on the
text: ground outside. Not wasting a second, Malcolm SLAMS the door
dialog: shut.
text: The three of them freeze, not daring to breath. Outside, they
text: can hear the SNUFFLING and COOING of the animals as they
dialog: inspect their young --
text: -- and then the soft THUD of their footsteps, growing fainter
text: as they move away.
text: From the wall, EDDIE'S VOICE comes over the radio, relieved.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: They're going back into the jungle.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH HIDE - NIGHT
text: EDDIE, JUTTSON, and KELLY sag back against the railings of the
dialog: high hide.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Thank God. Thank God.
text: MALCOLM'S VOICE comes over the radio.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM (0.s.)
dialog: Kelly? Are you all right?
text: She takes the radio, her voice shaky.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER - NIGHT
text: MALCOLM is at the radio.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Wait there. I'll come up ina
dialog: minute. Don't move, understand?
speaker_heading: KELLY (0.s.)
dialog: I understand.
text: Malcolm slump against the wall of the trailer. SARAH and
text: NICK sit on the floor leaning against the opposite wall,
text: completely drained. Sarah pulls out her pocket recorder and
text: speaks shakily into it.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Note to Dr. Juttson -- Tyrannosaurus
dialog: rex does nurture its young.
dialog: 
text: They laugh weakly.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: There's, uh -- there's an unwritten
text: rule when a news crew is in a war
dialog: zone. You stop the van every two
dialog: miles and decide whether or not to go
dialog: on. Whether or not you feel lucky.
dialog: One "no" from anybody in the group
dialog: and you turn around right there, no
text: question asked, nobody embarrassed.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Well? Do we go on?
dialog: Immediately:
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: No
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No way.
text: They all laugh.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: All right. I'm satisfied with the
dialog: evidence we have right now.
dialog: I feel vindicated. John Hammond will
dialog: too.
dialog: (to Sarah)
dialog: Do you have enough to publish?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: They will come after me. But I can
dialog: collect some stool samples, for DNA
dialog: with that, Nick's tapes, and the rest
dialog: of you to back me up, it should stand
dialog: when we get back.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Then the only thing left to do is
dialog: make sure we do get back. I'll
dialog: call the mainland on the satellite
dialog: phone and have them send the boat
dialog: right now. This expedition is over.
text: He goes to the desk and picks up the heavy gray satellite
text: phone that's resting in a battery pack. The front panel
text: lights up, a brilliant green.
text: But from the wall speaker, the radio CRACKLES and EDDIE'S
text: VOICE breaks through, soft and empty.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (0.s.)
dialog: Oh, God. I am so sorry.
text: Malcolm and Sarah look at the speaker box.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: What the hell is he sorry f-
text: A low RATTLE sneaks into the trailer. Malcolm, Sarah, and
text: Nick takes a step forward from the walls, looking around. The
text: RATTLE gets louder, the trailer shakes and vibrates,
text: everything in it starts to BANG against the walls --
text: -- and something huge SMASHES into the side of the trailer.
dialog: 
text: They're all thrown against the far wall, there is an
text: earsplitting CRACK of electricity, the entire trailer rocks
text: and sparks a brilliant blue, and then everything goes black.
text: The satellite phone flies out of Malcolm's hands and SMACKS
text: against the wall. It lands on the floor, its number pad still
text: glowing green.
text: Nick crawls over and looks out one of the windows. Outside,
text: the flank of one of the tyrannosaurs wipes past the window,
text: revealing the second tyrannosaur, charging straight at the
dialog: trailer!
speaker_heading: NICK
text: HANG ON TO SOMETHING!
text: They hurl themselves at the nearest solid object and hang on
text: for dear life. The charging rex SLAM into the side of the
text: trailer, which rocks up on one side, BANGS back down, and is
text: quickly RAMMED again by the furious animal. This time the
text: entire trailer rolls over, completely upside down.
text: Sarah, Nick, and Malcolm let go of their precarious handholds
text: and drop onto the ceiling. The tables, chairs, lab equipment,
text: everything that's bolted down clings to the floor above them;
text: everything that isn't RAINS DOWN ON THEM.
text: But the rexes aren't done. The trailer JOLTS INTO MOTION,
text: sliding forwards.
scene_heading: SEEN FROM OUTSIDE,
text: the upside down trailer, which is the rear of the two
text: trailers, slides along the muddy ground, pushing up earth in
text: front of it.
text: IN THE TRAILER,
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: They're pushing us!
text: Malcolm, frantic, crawls up to a window to get a look outside.
text: He looks down and sees a T-rex footprint in the earth outside
text: as they move past it.
text: He cranks his head to get a look at the direction in which
text: they are being pushed. His eyes widen at something he sees
text: outside the window.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Oh, God.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
text: They're pushing us over the cliff.
text: Sure enough, out the back window, we see a few more feet of
text: muddy earth, and then nothing but inky black. The three of
text: them look at each other for a moment --
text: -- and then crawl like hell toward the other end of the
text: trailer. The opposite end reaches the edge of the cliff and
text: starts up to tip ever-so-slightly downward. They reach the
text: accordion-like connector and Malcolm crawls into it.
text: THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD OF THE FRONT TRAILER,
text: which is right-side-up, Malcolm can see the two rexes hard at
text: it, pushing the front end of the trailer.
text: IN THE REAR TRAILER,
text: Nick has a pretty good grip at the top of the trailer, but
text: Sarah can only cling to an air vent in the ceiling as stuff
text: starts to roll and tumble past her, headed downhill.
text: The angle increases, the trailer dips, and now stuff starts to
text: freefall, right past her, some SMASHING her in the head.
text: Malcolm, still in the connecting tube, grabs hold. Sarah,
text: starting to be pulled downward, paws at the refrigerator,
text: getting a g rip on the handle. The door, held by a safety
text: latch, doesn't open.
text: Below Sarah, debris falls to the rear window of the trailer.
text: Through the CRACKING glass, we can see the surf, CRASHING five
text: hundred feet below.
text: The refrigerator bolts suddenly CRUNCH free of the wall. The
text: box strains on its power cord.
text: Still clinging to the handle, Sarah swings wildly as it starts
text: to come loose, swaying above her.
text: The safety latch on the door gives, it swings open, and a
text: shower of food BANGS off of her as gravity empties the
dialog: contents.
text: Sarah loses her grip and plummets through the now-vertical
text: trailer. She SCREAMS, covers her head, and SMASHES into the
text: rear window. The glass spiderwebs, but does not break.
text: FIVE HUNDRED FEET BELOW,
text: an enormous wave POUNDS the rocky shore. Above, Sarah is a
text: tiny figure, sprawled out on the glass, held invisibly by the
text: breaking window.
text: IN THE TRAILER,
text: Nick SHOUTS to her.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: SARAH! DON'T MOVE!
text: Sarah, stunned by the fall, blinks a few times, regaining her
text: senses. She looks down, at the crashing surf so far below.
dialog: For a person with a fear of heights, this is a real drag. As
text: she stares, the rocks seem to move even farther away from her.
text: She blanches; the world spins around her.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: OH... GOD ... please...
text: Her breath fogs the cracked glass. Slowly, she tries to get
text: up, caaaaaarefully pulling herself up to her hands and knees.
text: But as she puts pressures on her hands, the glass CRACKS even
text: more, tiny spiderwebs shooting out around her fingers. The
text: whole glass panel sags, bowing out around the bottom of the
dialog: trailer.
dialog: UP ABOVE HER,
text: Malcolm looks down and sees the satellite phone precariously
text: balanced on one leg of the kitchen table, its number pad still
text: glowing green. Nick is closest to it.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Nick! Grab the phone!
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: looks to her right, at a metal grating that runs along the
text: wall of the trailer. She shifts her weight, leaning on one
text: hand to reach for the grating with the other.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: reaches for the satellite phone, its antenna just six inches
text: from his outstretched fingers.
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: leans toward the metal grating, all hairline cracks shoot out
text: around her pivot hand, shaking through the glass. The
text: splintered glass spread like a disease, it reaches the edge
dialog: of the frame --
text: -- and her hand CRACKS right through the glass. She GASPS and
text: pulls her hand out, but now she knees SMASH through the
dialog: glass.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NICK
text: has two fingers on the phone, but suddenly the whole trailer
text: shudders and the heavy phone tips off the table leg and falls.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: SARAH LOOK OUT!
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: lunges for the metal grating and clings to it just as the
text: heavy phone whizzes past her head and SMASHES into the glass,
text: opening up a huge hole in the center of the back window.
scene_heading: UNDERNEATH THE TRAILER,
text: glass, food, lab equipment, and the precious satellite phone
text: fall out the broken window and SMASH on the rocks far below.
text: IN THE CLEANING,
text: the trailers are split, like an L, the rear trailer hanging
text: straight down, the forward one resting on the edge of the
text: cliff. Satisfied with their work, the T-rexes turn and lumber
text: back into the jungle.
text: IN THE TRAILER,
text: Sarah climbs carefully up the metal grating. Above her, Nick
text: lowers himself as far as he can, reaching for her.
text: ON THE CLIFFSIDE,
text: we realize the hanging trailer halted its descent because one
text: corner of it is wedged in the branches of a tree that grows
text: out from the muddy cliff.
text: But now those branches SPLINTER.
text: IN THE TRAILER,
text: Malcolm sees the bellows, the connector between the trailers,
text: stretch as the lower trailer JERKS and dips lower.
speaker_heading: BELOW HIM,
text: Sarah mountain-climbs through the trailer's kitchen,
text: inadvertently kicking the faucet on as she struggles for
dialog: purchase.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE,
text: the tree branch SNAPS and the trailer jerks, stretching down
text: again. The bellows expands to its full length, stretching
text: like a Slinky.
speaker_heading: INSIDE,
text: Nick knows he has to hurry. He climbs down, bouncing off the
text: built-in furniture, moving ever closer to Sarah.
text: But Sarah slips and loses her grip, dropping a few feet. She
text: gabs hold of the sink, the flowing water spraying her face.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - NIGHT
text: EDDIE CARR is in the driver's seat of the jeep, racing through
text: the jungle as fast as he can.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hang on -- hang on --
text: The foliage SMACKS the windshield, then clears suddenly,
text: revealing the endangered trailers on the cliffside ahead of
text: him. The jeep bounces through the deep footprints left by the
text: rex and SKIDS to a halt.
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER - NIGHT
text: Sarah loses her grip on the sink and falls, SMASHING into the
text: frame of the half-broken rear window again.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE,
text: Eddie bolts out of the car and runs to the front trailer. He
text: SHOUTS in through the broken front window.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: HEY! HELLO?!
text: IN THE REAR TRAILER,
text: The three look up from their precarious positions.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
text: WE'RE IN HERE! GET SOME ROPE!
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE,
text: Eddie turns and run back to the jeep. He grabs a coil of
text: rope, secures one end around a tree, and hurries back to the
dialog: trailer.
text: IN THE REAR TRAILER,
text: Eddie dashes over the mess in the front trailer and crawls out
text: into the extended connector. He peers over the edge, down
text: into the second trailer, and tosses the rope.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Catch!
text: The rope falls through the center of the trailer, its end
text: dangling all the way out the smashed rear window. But the
text: trailer SHUDDERS, starting to move again.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We're sliding!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Climbs up if you can!
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE,
text: Eddie runs out of the trailer in time to see the wheels
text: dragging forward through the mud as the weight of the dangling
text: trailer pulls the whole thing toward the edge of the cliff.
text: He runs for the jeep and grabs hold of the power winch on the
text: front grill.
text: Behind him, the trailer rolls closer to the edge of the cliff.
text: Eddie races back to the trailer, pulling out a length of cable
text: behind him. He runs up to the still-moving trailer, dives for
text: its towing hook, the cable goes taut --
text: -- and he falls short. Just by six inches, but he's out of
dialog: cable.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Damn it!
scene_heading: INSIDE THE TRAILER,
text: Nick and Sarah are now together, clinging to the rope near the
text: bottom of the trailer as it shifts around them. Malcolm is
text: further up, also clinging to the rope.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE,
text: dirt and rocks pile up around the wheels and spill over the
text: edge of the cliff.
text: Eddie, back at the jeep, reels out more winch cable. He turns
text: and races back to the trailer just as gravity starts to LIFT
text: THE FRONT END OFF THE GROUND!
text: Eddie dives again, and this time the cable hook CLICKS
text: securely into the trailer's towing hook. The trailer lurches
text: toward the edge of the cliff and stops.
text: But the jeep is jerked forward by the sudden pressure.
text: IN THE TRAILER,
text: Malcolm clings to the rope in the middle of the trailer while
text: Nick and Sarah try to struggle up it, but a sudden dig knocks
text: them back, and their hands slide down the line. SCREAMING,
text: they slide through the trailer and their feet SMASH through
text: the remains of the rear window.
text: Regaining hold of the rope at the very end, the two of them
text: now find themselves hanging out of the rear end of the trailer,
text: dangling over the rocky shore below.
text: IN THE JEEP,
text: Eddie hits the gas and the tires slosh in the mud, trying to
text: get a grip. The jeep pulls just enough to lower the front
text: trailer back to earth. But the tires spin, fighting to hold
dialog: it there.
scene_heading: ON THE CLIFFSIDE
text: Sarah and Nick dangle, desperate.
speaker_heading: IN THE JEEP
text: Eddie CHUNKS the shifter into four wheel drive and GUNS the
text: engine. As the motor ROARS, the sound is topped by another
text: ROAR, in the distance.
text: And this one's not a machine. But Eddie doesn't hear it. He
text: GUNS the engine again. There is another ROAR from the jungle.
text: Eddie hears this one. He darts a look at the side view
text: mirror. In it, he sees one of the TYRANNOSAURS bolt out of
text: the jungle behind him.
text: He GASPS and looks at the other side view. In it, he sees the
text: OTHER REX racing toward him.
text: The tyrannosaurs STOMP forward to confront the ROARING jeep.
text: The first rex bends over, CHOMPS down on the rear tire, and
text: lifts the car to its teeth.
text: But the spinning tire LINGS in the rex's mouth, burning it.
text: Surprised by the fight in this foe, the rex loses its grip and
text: the jeep BANGS back down onto the ground.
text: Eddie, horrified, dives down under the steering wheel, to get
text: away. The gas pedal pops up --
text: -- which makes the trailer pitch over the side of the cliff.
dialog: 
text: But the rex STOMPS down on the jeep to prevent its escape.
text: The trailers stop.
text: Now the rexes lean down, over the jeep, and focus on Eddie,
text: who still covers under the steering wheel. The first rex
text: SNAPS at him, hitting the steering column with it, leaving Eddie fully
dialog: exposed.
text: He SCREAMS and the second rex lashes in, seizing him in its
text: teeth and tossing him out of the car.
text: Eddie pops up into the air between the two rexes, both their
text: heads flash at him at the same time, and in a split-second, he
text: disappears between their teeth.
text: Now completely ignored, the jeep rolls freely forward and the
text: trailers drop over the edge of the cliff.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE TRAILER,
text: Nick, Sarah and Malcolm cling to each other and the rope as
text: the trailers fall around them. The windows flash by as the
text: trailers plummet, equipment BANGS and SCRAPES them, but they
text: hold on to the rope, still tied to the tree, for dear life.
text: ON THE CLIFFSIDE,
text: the trailers slide the rest of the way, exposing the three,
text: who pop out the space where the front windshield was.
text: Dangling from the rope, they look up and see the jeep, which
text: is now rolling to the edge of the cliff.
text: It falls, past them, and the whole mess EXPLODES on the rocks
text: below. Finally, it is silent, except for the sound of the
dialog: surf.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING - NIGHT
text: It's quiet up here too, the rexes nowhere to be seen. At the
text: cliff, a hand appears from over the edge. Then another.
text: SARAH pulls herself up, back onto solid ground, then comes
text: NICK, then both of them reach over and help MALCOLM up over
dialog: the edge.
text: They collapse there, in the mud, completely exhausted.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Eddie?
text: He looks at the other two. They glance around, then drop
text: their heads. Sarah hears a SOUND in the distance.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Oh, God. Now what?
text: From the edge of the jungle, a cris-cross of flashlight beams
text: moves toward them. But rather than the three or four that
dialog: would signify their own group, there are nearly twenty of
dialog: them.
text: The HUNTERS, PETER LUDLOW is in the lead, ROLAND and AJAY
text: with him. DIETER is there too, shepherding KELLY and DR.
text: JUTTSON along in front of him.
text: Malcolm sees Kelly, they call out to each other, and race
text: together. Malcolm falls to his knees and hugs her as tightly
dialog: as he possibly can.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Are you all right?! Anything broken?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I'm fine, I'm fine, I was scared, I
dialog: thought you, are you okay?!
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I'm fine... I'm fine...
text: Roland looks around, at the mess that was their base camp.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: (mostly to himself)
dialog: That's what you think.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RUINED BASE CAMP - NIGHT
text: In the ruins of the first team's base camp, the survivors of
text: the night's two separate catastrophes stand face to face, ina
text: heated argument.
text: MALCOLM sits off to the side, still holding Kelly in his arms,
text: just looking down at the ground and shaking his head. There's
text: something about his posture of defeat that is far more ominous
text: than any of the hot tempers that are flaring. LUDLOW rants to
text: SARAH while DIETER looms menacingly over NICK.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: Trespassing, sabotage -- you could go
dialog: to jail just for being here, did
dialog: you know that?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Don't start a legal argument with me,
dialog: this island isn't your property, and
dialog: neither are these animals!
text: DR. JUTTSON has encountered DR. BURKE.
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: What are you doing here, Burke?
dialog: There's no TV cameras, what's the
dialog: point?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Dr. Juttson, you exist outside the
dialog: classroom. I am amazed.
text: Dieter continues to get in Nick's face.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Are you looking for a problem?
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: (an urgent whisper)
dialog: Everyone, keep your voices down!
speaker_heading: ROLAND
text: Back off, Dieter.
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: Listen to me, by moving the baby
dialog: rex into our camp, we changed the
dialog: adults' perceived territory!
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: Their what?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (she understands)
dialog: Oh, God.
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: That's why they persisted in
text: destroying the trailers, they now
dialog: feel they have to defend this entire
dialog: area! We're not safe here.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: (of Sarah and Nick)
dialog: Thanks to you people.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hey, we came here to observe, you
dialog: came here to strip-mine the place!
dialog: It's a looter mentality, all you care
dialog: about is what you can take.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: None of that matters. Our
dialog: communications equipment's been
dialog: destroyed. If your radio and
dialog: satellite phone were in those
text: trailers that went off the cliff, and
dialog: I'm guessing by the look on his
dialog: face -- —
text: He points at Malcolm, who is still off to the side, sitting in
text: stunned silence. Malcolm looks up and nods, slowly. The
text: grimness of their situation sinks in.
speaker_heading: ROLAND (cont'd)
dialog: We are stuck here, ladies and
dialog: gentlemen. And we're stuck together.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HUNTERS' CAMP - NIGHT
text: Back in the hunters' now-demolished camp, members of the two
text: groups combine their diminished supplies. They have half a
text: dozen large plastic containers of water, thirty-seven
text: containers of food, ranging from Ziploc bags to aluminum tins,
text: a variety of weapons, mot of them borne on the hips or
text: shoulders of the HUNTER team, the charred and scraggly
text: remnants of several pieces of now-useless electrical
text: equipment, a flare gun and several flares, somebody's tattered
text: paperback ("Crime and Punishment"), a box of Hershey bars, and
text: a cartoon of Marlboros.
text: ROLAND supervises the assembling of the resources, which are
text: displayed in front of him. LUDLOW, NICK, SARAH, JUTTSON, and
text: MALCOLM, who is still holding KELLY close to him, are with
text: him. They hold their discussion in quiet tones.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: If we can't stay in the rex's
dialog: territory, we have to move tonight.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Move where? Our boat's not coming
dialog: for two days, your airlift is waiting
dialog: for an order you have no way to
dialog: send --
text: Ludlow refers to the charred and trampled satellite
text: photographs of the island, which are still mostly legible.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: There's a communication center, here,
text: in the old worker village. Hammond
dialog: put in some kind of renewable power
text: source replenishing. It may still
dialog: work. If we could get there, we
dialog: could send a radio call for the
dialog: airlift.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: How far is the village?
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: I said if we could get there.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Well, how far is it?
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: A day's walk, maybe more. That's not
dialog: the problem.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: What is?
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: The velociraptors.
text: Malcolm looks up sharply.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW (cont'd)
dialog: Our infrareds show their nesting
dialog: sites are concentrated in the island
dialog: interior. That's why we planned on
text: keeping to the outer rim.
text: Malcolm shepherds Kelly away from the conversation and mutters
text: something to her quietly in the background.
speaker_heading: DIETER
dialog: What are velociraptors?
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
text: Carnivores. Pack hunters. About six
dialog: feet long, three or four hundred
text: pounds, and very, very fast.
text: Dieter brandishes his weapon.
speaker_heading: DIETER
dialog: I think we can handle ourselves
dialog: against them.
text: Malcolm rejoins the conversation, alone. He keeps his voice
dialog: low.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: No. I'm quite certain you can't.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Look, we have two choices. We can
dialog: hike back down to the lagoon, where
dialog: we can sit for two days, in the open,
text: next to a heavily used water source
dialog: while we're waiting for your boat to
dialog: arrive, or we can head for the
dialog: village, where we might find some
dialog: shelter and we can call for help.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: We'd never make it past the raptors.
dialog: Trust me, I have some experience in
dialog: this matter.
text: Roland looks at him.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: That may be. But you weren't with
dialog: me at the time.
text: Malcolm just shakes his head, then turns and walks back to
text: Kelly. Roland turns to the others.
speaker_heading: ROLAND (cont'd)
dialog: Load up. Let's get this moveable
dialog: feast underway.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND - NIGHT
text: The SURVIVORS set forth, marching through the jungle in a
text: column. Two HUNTERS strap on small shoulder-mounted
text: servo-flashlights. Wires run from the lights end in
text: sensor pads which they stick to the skin of their necks. Thus
text: attached, when the hunters turn their heads, the servo-lights
text: turn with them, illuminating whatever direction they look in.
text: MALCOLM screws the barrel into the Lindstradt rifle and slings
text: it over his shoulder as he marches, limping heavily. He looks
text: down at KELLY, who is marching alongside him. His face shows
text: the deepest of regret. He shakes his head, cursing himself.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Damn it.
text: He looks away as Kelly looks up at him, questioning. ROLAND
text: falls into step with Malcolm and notices his limp.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: You all right?
text: Malcolm looks at him, then looks away without answering.
speaker_heading: ROLAND (cont'd)
dialog: Wrong question?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: You ever heard of Gambler's Ruin?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: A statistical phenomenon. Says
dialog: everything in the world goes in
dialog: streaks. It's real, you see it
dialog: everywhere -- in weather, in river
dialog: flooding, in baseball, in blackjack,
dialog: in stock markets. Once things go
dialog: bad, they tend to stay bad. Bad
dialog: things cluster. They go to hell
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Feeling a bit blue, are we?
text: Malcolm glances at Kelly, who has taken a slightly faster pace
text: and is a few steps ahead of them now.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Just -- flawed. Very deeply flawed.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Why did you come here?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: So that others would know about this
dialog: place?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Why should they?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Because it exists.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: It'll still exit if they go on not
dialog: knowing, won't it?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Yes. And people will live in the
dialog: absence of truth.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: So the truth is more important to you
dialog: than your life?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (lowers is voice)
dialog: I don't care about my life. But if
dialog: I'd ever thought for a second that
dialog: she would be in danger --
dialog: 
text: Roland follows his gaze forward, to Kelly, who's about ten
text: yards ahead now.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: She yours?
text: AHEAD OF THEM,
text: Kelly can hear their voices, faint, but clear. They are not
text: as far away as they think they are.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM (0.s.)
dialog: I'm afraid so. I don't know what the
dialog: hell I'm doing with kids. I never
dialog: should have had her.
text: Kelly's face shows she heard that part.
speaker_heading: BEHIND HER,
text: Malcolm, unaware, continues with Roland.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM (cont'd)
dialog: Why are you here?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Somewhere on this island, there
dialog: exits the greatest predator that
dialog: ever lived. And the second greatest
dialog: predator must take him down.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: But why?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: You remember that guy, about twenty
dialog: years ago, I forget his name, but he
dialog: climbed Everest without any oxygen,
text: came down almost dead. And they
dialog: asked him, "why did you go up there
dialog: to die?" And he said "I didn't. I
dialog: went up there to live."
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (nods)
dialog: It's called self-testing. But in
dialog: your case, it sounds more like
text: self-destruction. A uniquely human
dialog: characteristic. In fact, human
dialog: beings destroy things so well that I
dialog: sometimes think that's our function.
dialog: Maybe every few sons, some animal
dialog: comes along that kills off the rest
text: of the world, clears the decks, and
dialog: lets evolution proceed to his next
dialog: phase. Maybe death and destruction
dialog: are our job, maybe we're supposed
dialog: to destroy ourselves and every other
dialog: living thing that-
text: Every person on the trail within earshot has stopped and is
text: staring at Malcolm, shaken by his words. Roland grabs Malcolm
text: by the shirt collar and pulls him close, GROWLING in his ear.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Tell you what. You can see whatever
dialog: you want to, to me, but you will not
text: spew any more nihilist rants at
dialog: anyone else in the group. I'm
dialog: fighting panic, and you push the
dialog: wrong buttons. Understand?
text: Malcolm just blinks. This guy's in charge.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAWN
text: As a purple dawn dissolves the night sky, the SURVIVORS
text: stagger on, exhausted. Some are starting to tire, and there
text: are spaces in the column. MALCOLM's limp seems to be getting
text: worse. NICK reaches out, to take Malcolm's pack, but Malcolm
text: swats his hand away.
text: KELLY, still ahead of him, falls into step with SARAH.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I don't think -- my dad doesn't
dialog: think we're going to make it.
text: Sarah looks at her.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Your dad is wrong. About a lot more
dialog: than he knows.
text: She puts an arm around her. Kelly looks up at her, grateful.
text: The long march continues.
text: UP AT THE FRONT,
text: NICK catches up to ROLAND.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I think you should call a break.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Another half hour.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Some of them won't make another half
dialog: hour. We didn't come this far to
text: start dropping in the middle of the
dialog: jungle. I£ you don't call it, I
dialog: will.
text: Roland looks at him, steely, then SHOUTS to the group.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
text: FIVE MINUTES BREAK!
text: Immediately, the marchers drop where they stood, absolutely
dialog: drained.
text: AT THE REAR OF THE GROUP,
text: DRS. BURKE and JUTTSON are bickering.
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: I can't believe you're still angry
dialog: about that.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: You know, it's very easy to criticize
dialog: the first person who studies
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: No, it's easy to criticize sloppy
text: research and hasty conclusions.
speaker_heading: NEARBY,
text: MALCOLM checks Nick's bag of videotapes, making sure they're
text: still dry and undamaged. Sarah comes up, watching him.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You know, even if we do get those
dialog: tapes back, people are going to say
dialog: it's just another hoax. Ian
text: Malcolm's alien autopsy.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Maybe. Maybe not.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Ian, they will misplace our evidence,
dialog: shoot holes in our testimony, and say
dialog: some special effects genius created
dialog: the animals. The only way people
dialog: will ever believe that dinosaurs
dialog: exist is if you dump a T-rex in the
dialog: middle of times Square.
text: He doesn't look at her. She sits down beside her.
speaker_heading: SARAH (cont'd)
dialog: There's something more important that
dialog: you should be thinking about instead.
scene_heading: BEHIND THEM,
text: Dr. Burke, furious, has stalked away from Juttson and sits
text: down on a rock. H does a double take, noticing something
text: behind the rock. He leans over and picks it up.
text: It's an oval shape about eight inches long, with a pebbled
text: exterior. A dinosaur egg.
text: Burke's face lights up, fascinated, and he carefully pieces
text: the egg in a satchel he wears over one shoulder.
text: AT THE REAR OF THE GROUP,
text: DIETER STARK pulls a wad of toilet paper from his pack, drops
text: the pack on the ground, and turns to the Hunter nearest him --
text: CARTER, his driver, who has his back turned.
speaker_heading: DIETER
dialog: Wait here for me, would ya Carter?
text: He steps off the path, into the jungle. But as we come around
text: the front of Carter, we see he's wearing a Walkman, the
text: headphone BLARING tinnily in his ears.
text: And he didn't hear a word.
scene_heading: EXT. THICK OF THE JUNGLE - DAY
text: Only a few feet off the path, it's primary forest, the growth
text: so thick that almost all sunlight is obscured. DIETER claws
text: forward until he finds a suitable spot to relieve himself.
text: He clears away a bunch of leaves and debris and raises his
text: hand to his belt buckle. He freezes, hearing something we
text: didn't. He glances around, head darting, alert to any danger.
text: Nothing there. Just a few distant ANIMAL CALLS--
text: -- and s SCURRYING around to his left.
text: Dieter snaps his head in that direction. At first, he sees
text: nothing, but as he moves closer, gun extended in front of him,
text: he sees a small dinosaur, a COMPSOGRATHUS, the same
text: chicken-sized animal Cathy saw on the beach so long ago.
speaker_heading: DIETER
dialog: It's not polite to --
text: He pulls the steel rod out of a loop in his belt and touches
text: it to the compy's back. The blue bolt of electricity CRACKS
text: and dances over the compy's body and it convulses in pain.
speaker_heading: DIETER (cont'd)
dialog: -- sneak up on people.
text: The wounded compsognathus scurries back into the jungle,
text: whimpering. Dieter clambers through the foliage ten or twelve
text: paces, pushes aside two large palm fronds, and steps out
dialog: into --
text: -- more jungle. He stops, puzzled, not sure if he went back
dialog: or forward.
text: He looks behind him. He pauses, recalculating the path he
text: took coming into the jungle, MUTTERING to himself, gesturing
text: with his hands, retracing his steps.
text: He adjusts his angle slightly to the right and heads off in
text: that direction. But after five or six hard-fought steps, he
text: stops again. Still nothing but jungle.
speaker_heading: DIETER
text: HEY! CARTER! YELL OR SOMETHING, I
text: GOT TURNED AROUND IN HERE!
text: ON THE TRAIL,
text: Dieter's cries are faint, but audible. The only Marchers hear
text: enough to hear him is CARTER, but the Walkman is blaring in
text: his ears.
speaker_heading: DIETER (o.s.)
dialog: ...Carter... me?...
text: IN THE JUNGLE,
text: Dieter hears that SCURRYING sound again, this time from his
text: right. He adjusts his angle again and SCRAPES through the
text: foliage, moving faster and faster.
text: Panicking, he ties to run, but the roots rise high out of the
text: ground in the jungle, and he trips on one and falls flat on
text: his face.
text: He looks up. The SCURRYING sound comes again, this time ten
text: times louder than before, like a hundred feet coming at him.
text: Dieter GASPS as something rushes in at him.
text: He whirls to his right. Whatever it is rushes in from that
text: side as well. And the left. And behind him. Dieter
text: scrambles up into a sitting position --
text: -- and laughs. He is surrounded by at least forty compys now,
text: the same as the one he wounded.
text: For a long moment, they just stare at him. Slowly, he brings
text: his gun around, to point it at them.
speaker_heading: DIETER
dialog: Easy -- wait -- one more sec-
text: As one, the compys SHRIEK and hurl themselves forward,
text: covering Dieter's body. Their teeth and claws FLASH as they
text: each try to grab a scrap of his flesh, tearing savagely.
text: Dieter SCREAMS and flails, waving his arms and legs wildly.
text: Some of the tiny animals lose their grip and sail off,
text: SMASHING into trees or the ground. But dozens of others hang
text: on, and Dieter falls over backwards, now lying on his back on
dialog: the ground.
text: Hysterical, he fights like hell to get to his feet, SCREAMING,
text: shaking, swatting the compys loose. He spins, and that tactic
text: seems to work, as the compys themselves begin to panic and
text: drop off of him. But he also loses his grip on his weapon,
text: which goes flying, landing in the thick foliage five or six
text: feet from him.
text: Losing the attack, the compys turn and dart away en masse,
text: stopping ten yards away from him.
text: But they turn and regroup, facing him in a line, hopping up
text: and down, CHIRPING and SHRIEKING.
text: Dieter bounds into the foliage, looking for his gun. But the
text: compys follow him in and he's forced to flee, abandoning his
dialog: lost weapon.
text: Ten feet on, he stops, knowing he's screwed without the gun.
text: He turns to face the pursuing compys.
dialog: They stop.
text: Dieter charges them, SHOUTING, waving his arms.
text: The compys turn and run. Dieter stops.
text: The compys stop. They stare back at him. There is a moment
text: of quiet, then they start to hop again, CHIRPING and
text: SQUEALING.
text: Dieter, tired of this game, turns and runs away.
text: The compys follow.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY
text: From the front of the convoy, ROLAND SHOUTS out.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Break's over, move on!
text: The exhausted marchers drag themselves back to their feet and
text: start to march again. At the rear of the group, someone taps
text: Carter, who is still listening to his music. Carter gets up,
text: hoists his backpack, and marches away.
text: Behind him, Dieter's pack is left, forgotten, on the jungle
dialog: trail.
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP IN THE JUNGLE - DAY
text: DIETER stumbles along, exhausted. He reaches the edge of a
text: stream that runs under the foliage, and his feet slip on the
text: stones. He falls, into the rocky stream.
text: Behind him, the army of compys pours over the little hill he
text: just crested. They disappear for a moment, down an incline --
text: -- And then swarm over his body. In a frenzy of splashing,
text: Dieter shrugs them off and crawls away, through the stream.
text: He gets to his feet but falls again, this time over a log. A
text: geyser of water splashes up in the air behind the log as
text: Dieter drops out of sight.
text: The compys leap over the log and disappear from view too,
text: throwing up their own splashes of water. SCREECHING,
text: CHIRPING, and the sound of TEARING flesh mixes with Dieter's
speaker_heading: SCREAMS.
text: Now, as more compys leap over the log and splash into the
text: water below, the geysers that shoot up into our field of view
dialog: are pink.
text: And then they're a deep, deep red.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY
text: The group has stopped again. Near the rear, SARAH, NICK,
text: MALCOLM, LUDLOW, and ROLAND are in a tense conversation with
speaker_heading: CARTER.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: How long ago was this?
speaker_heading: CARTER
text: Seven, eight minutes.
text: Roland looks at them, thinking. Finally:
speaker_heading: ROLAND
text: Then he's dead. Nobody tells the
dialog: little girl. Last thing we need is
text: screaming hysterics.
text: He turns and heads back to the front of the column.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We have to send someone to look for
dialog: him!
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: You go if you like, but we're not
dialog: waiting for you. MOVE IT OUT!!
text: They look at each other, appalled, but the column starts to
text: move. Numbed, shocked, but left with no choice, they move on,
dialog: one by one.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND RIDGE - DUSK
text: The column of MARCHERS has finally reached the island ridge,
text: where they are silhouetted against the setting sun. They're
text: taking a break, sprawled out on rocks or over the ground.
text: MALCOLM sits next to KELLY, who's sitting on a log.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: You okay?
text: She doesn't look at him, just gets up and walks away, going to
text: sit over next to SARAH.
text: Malcolm watches, pained, but Sarah puts an arm around her and
text: makes a "she's okay" gesture to Malcolm.
text: AT THE RIDGE,
text: ROLAND steps up to the very edge and peers into the island
text: interior. From his vantage point, he's able to see all the
text: way to the far side of the island, a rim of herd black cliff,
text: miles away. Between here and the cliffs there is nothing but
text: gently undulating jungle.
text: He refers to one of the satellite recon photos.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Looks like the worker village is down
dialog: in there, about a mile and a half
dialog: northeast from the base of these
dialog: cliffs.
text: MALCOLM is next to him.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: There must be a game trail, some kind
text: of path that goes down there.
text: Roland looks around at the exhausted MARCHERS.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: They'll have to rest before we look
dialog: for it. Eat. Sleep. Two hours.
dialog: Then we hit it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE - NIGHT
text: The group has made camp in the jungle. The mood is somber,
text: most of the MARCHERS asleep already. Three or four tents have
dialog: been put up.
text: IN ONE TENT,
text: KELLY sits quietly in a corner, her eyes wide, knees hugged up
text: to his chest. SARAH comes in.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: There you are. Your dad's looking
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I doubt that.
text: Sarah takes off her outer shirt and hangs it over a bar to dry
text: the broad red smear across its front.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Oh, come on. Go talk to him.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Why? He likes to be alone. I can
dialog: stay with you.
text: IN THE CAMPSITE,
text: all is still. The nocturnal jungle HOOTS and BUZZES around
text: the sleeping marchers.
text: In his tent, ROLAND abruptly sits up. As if he heard
text: something. He looks out the open flap. In the middle of the
text: campsite, he sees AJAY stop in his tracks, head cocked.
text: Roland gets up and goes outside, joining Ajay in the middle of
dialog: the camp.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: You hear something?
speaker_heading: AJAY
dialog: No. I feel something.
text: Roland looks at him. This isn't so good. He looks out at the
text: shifting jungle. He notices a thin plume of smoke rising up
text: over the trees just barely outside the edge of camp.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Oh, no.
text: IN SARAH'S TENT,
text: Kelly and Sarah have laid down on top of sleeping bags, trying
text: to get a few minutes' rest. Sarah's shirt hangs over them,
text: swaying in the gentle breeze coming through the open flap.
text: As the shirt dangles there, swinging softly from side to side,
text: we notice the broad red smear across the front. Oh, that's
dialog: right -- it's blood.
text: The baby T-rex's blood.
text: AT THE RIDGE OF CAMP,
text: the thin plume of smoke leads down to a tiny cooking fire
text: that's been lit by DR. BURKE.
text: He's set a small frying pan on top of it, and now he CRACKS
text: the dinosaur egg he picked up earlier into the pan.
text: Roland and Ajay run up behind him.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: (hisses)
dialog: ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND?!
text: Burke leaps out of the way as Roland kicks dirt on the fire.
speaker_heading: BMBB!
text: Roland, Ajay, and Burke all freeze. What was that?
text: IN SARAH'S TENT,
text: Sarah and Kelly sit up. They felt it too.
speaker_heading: BMBB!
text: AT THE COCKING FIRE,
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Get my weapon.
text: Ajay turns and trots away a few steps, then stops cold,
text: staring down at the ground.
speaker_heading: BMBB!
text: A recent rain has all left puddles scattered around the camp, and
text: impact tremors now create ripples in the puddles -- concentric
text: circles spreading to the outer edges.
speaker_heading: BMBB!
text: IN SARAH'S TENT,
text: Sarah and Kelly are frantically sealing up any opened food
text: into Ziploc bags.
speaker_heading: BMBB!
text: Now they leap into Sarah's sleeping bag, to seal themselves,
text: and draw the zipper up, all the way around.
text: Outside, the silhouette of the rex's head passes by the tent.
text: Sarah works faster, her fingers struggling to close the last
dialog: few inches, but --
text: -- the rex head pokes through the flap of the tent. It
text: sniffs, SNORTING the air in and out. It looks around the
dialog: tent.
dialog: 
text: It sniffs Sarah's hanging shirt, the one that is stained with
text: the blood of the baby tyrannosaur. The adult tyrannosaur
text: GURGLES again, COOING and cocking its head curiously.
text: In the sleeping bag, Sarah and Kelly's eyes are barely
text: visible, wide in panic. The rex sniffs and nudges the bag,
dialog: trying to figure out what this thing is.
text: It rolls the bag over once, decides it's uninteresting, and
text: then rises, straights up --
text: -- taking the whole tent with it! The stakes pop out of the
text: ground as the tent rises high up into the air and flutters
text: away, leaving the sleeping bag fully exposed on the ground
text: beneath it.
text: IN THE CAMPSITE,
text: the SECOND TYRANNOSAUR now steps out of the jungle, joining
text: the first. Panic hits the camp as the sleeping HUNTERS wake
text: up. Many of them start to run.
text: Roland scrambles toward his tent, where he can see his weapon
text: lying near the open flap. As he draws close, an enormous
text: T-rex foot stomps down on the tent, driving the rifle deep
text: into the mud.
text: Roland, weaponless, stands frozen, watching as the panicked
text: Hunters flee in all directions.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
text: FOR CHRIST'S SAKE, DON'T RUN!
text: But they ignore him, sweeping him up in the wave of flushed
text: prey that pours across the campsite. Some toss random and
text: ill-aimed GUNSHOTS back at the rexes.
text: ACROSS THE CAMPSITE,
text: NICK bursts out of the crowd, sees Kelly and Sarah struggling
text: to get out of the sleeping bag, and grabs each by an arm. He
text: rips them to their feet and sweeps them off ahead of him, into
dialog: the jungle.
text: IN THE MIDDLE OF THE CROWD,
text: MALCOLM, blinking back sleep, stands a good head above the
text: rest of the panicking crowd. Frantically, he scans the group.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
text: KELLY? KEEEEELLLY?!
text: But he can't see her.
text: AT THE EDGE OF CAMP,
text: the two rexes join forces, herding the fleeing Hunters into a
text: narrow ravine.
dialog: UP ON A ROCK RACE,
text: Roland scrambles up a steep rock face. No way in hell he's
text: going down that ravine. He sees Malcolm, still in the middle
text: of the camp, start to head for the ravine.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
scene_heading: MALCOLM! OVER HERE!
text: Malcolm runs over and hurls himself at the rock face,
text: scrambling to climb up the smooth, steep boulders.
text: Behind him, one of the rexes spots him and lunges across the
text: camp toward him.
speaker_heading: ROLAND (cont'd)
dialog: FASTER! !
text: Malcolm gives it everything he's got, clawing his way up the
dialog: rock face --
text: -- and rex draws closer and pounces at his legs --
text: -- and Roland reaches down, grabs Malcolm by the hair and
text: pulls him up, out of the rex's grasp.
text: The rex falls short, but he's close enough that we can hear
text: his teeth SNAP together, closing around nothing but air. It
text: turns, sees easier prey in the fleeing Hunters, and takes off
dialog: after them.
text: Malcolm lands on top of the rock ledge with a CRUNCH. Roland
text: unceremoniously dumps a fistful of hair in his lap.
text: IN THE RAVINE,
text: Kelly, in the middle of the fleeing crowd with Sarah and Nick,
text: hears her father screaming her name and looks up. Malcolm and
text: Roland are on the rock ridge above them, keeping pace.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: KELLY, UP HERE!
text: But Kelly continues to flee, as the rexes are in the ravine
text: now, and drawing closer to the group.
text: Some Hunters try to leap up and scale the rocks, but the
text: ravine is deepening, there's no way out. One rex grabs hold
text: of a Hunter in its teeth and hurls him against the rock face.
text: The second rex picks up another Hunter and snaps its massive
text: head left and right quickly, to break its victim's neck. The
text: Hunter goes flying forward and crashes into --
text: -- CARTER, Dieter's driver, who stumbles and falls. The rest
text: of the fleeing humans run around or over him, but when the
text: rex lifts its foot, we see Carter is actually stuck to the
dialog: bottom of it --
text: -- and when the animal takes its next step it CRUSHES him into
dialog: the earth.
dialog: UP ON TH ROCK FACE,
text: Malcolm is frantic.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I gotta get down there!
text: DOWN IN THE RAVINE,
text: it's obvious no one is going to outrun the rexes, and Nick
text: knows it. He bursts ahead of Sarah and Kelly and spots
text: something off to his left.
text: It's a waterfall, apparently right in front of a sheer rock
dialog: face. But there's something about the way the water is
text: falling that tells him something.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: SARAH KELLY COME HERE!
text: He grabs each of them and hauls them forward, running straight
text: at the waterfall. Apparently, he intends to jump right into
text: the rock, and he's dragging them along with him.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: WHAT ARE YOU-
speaker_heading: NICK
speaker_heading: JUMP!
text: The three of them spring right at the waterfall and disappear
text: THROUGH the water.
text: DR. BURKE, fleeing along with everyone else, is watching as
text: they vanish.
text: BEHIND THE WATERFALL,
text: there is a small recess, which is what Nick had hoped for.
text: It's small, only four or five feet deep, but it's just enough
text: for him, Sarah, and Kelly to cover behind the flowing water.
text: Breathless, terrified, they can hear the mayhem outside.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Shhhh... shhhh...
text: With an enormous SPLASH, something bursts through the
text: cascading water and crashes into them.
dialog: Dr. Burke.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Get out of the way!
text: He pulls his way up against the far wall, as far away from the
text: water as he can.
text: FOOOOM! Now another shape bursts through the watery curtain.
text: A Tyrannosaur head. Burke gave away the hiding spot.
text: The four SCREAM as the rex's jaws SNAP left and right,
text: searching for them, falling just inches short. They squeeze
text: as far back against the wall as they can get.
text: The rex can't quite get its head all the way through the
dialog: opening --
text: -- so it uses its tongue. A long, dark blue shape slithers
text: out of its mouth and touches the humans, trying to wrap around
text: them, to pull them out of the cave.
text: Burke, blind with panic, forces himself even further into the
text: cave, which pushes Kelly further out.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: STOP IT YOU'RE PUSHED HER OUT STOP
dialog: It!
text: But Burke doesn't listen, throwing elbows to make room for
text: himself. His movements dislodge a portion of muddy earth, and
text: a flurry of enormous cockroaches, eight or nine inches long
text: each, pour out of the wall and swarm over his face and neck.
text: Burke SCREAMS and instinctively leaps away, toward the flowing
dialog: water.
dialog: And that's all the leverage the rex needs. It curls its
text: tongue, wrapping Burke up in it and pulling him between its
text: teeth. SCREAMING hideously, he is dragged out, through the
text: waterfall, and disappears.
text: Sarah, Nick, and Kelly stare in horror as the white screen of
text: water turn pink.
text: UP ON THE ROCK FACE,
text: Malcolm and Roland see the rex walk away from the waterfall
text: with Burke, leaving the hiding place unmolested. Malcolm is
text: nearly hysterical.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: She's okay! They'll stay in there,
dialog: she's okay!
text: IN A JUNGLE CLEARING,
text: routed Hunters emerge from the gully at the edge of he
text: jungle. Ahead of them, there is a large open plain covered by
dialog: long "elephant" grass.
text: AJAY, running along with them, stops abruptly at the edge of
text: the grass, SHOUTING to the others.
speaker_heading: AWAY
text: NO! DON'T GO INTO THE LONG GRASS!
text: Not in the frenzy, they ignore him. Behind Ajay, the enormous
text: shadows of the two pursuing tyrannosaurs stop as well, holding
text: up at the edge of the jungle.
text: Ajay, torn between a sense of responsibility and his better
text: judgement, opts for the former and races into the grass after
text: the other Hunters, waving his arms.
dialog: UP ABOVE THEM,
text: Roland and Malcolm come out onto a rocky ledge that has a view
text: of the plain below. Roland can see the Hunters leaving trails
text: as they plow through the grass.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Elephant grass!
text: ON THE PLAIN,
text: the groups of Hunters wades into the middle of the long grass.
text: One of them stops and turns, looking back at the jungle trees.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: They gave up! They're not chasing
dialog: us!
text: There are CHEERS, SIGHS OF relief. In the distance, AJAY'S
text: VOICE can be heard, faintly calling to them to come back. Up
text: on the rock in the distance, they can see Roland, waving his
text: arms madly.
text: But in the giddiness of their escape, they pay it no mind.
text: They continue plowing into the high grass, anything to get
text: further away from the tyrannosaurs.
text: ABOUT FIFTY YARDS AWAY,
text: the tops of three animal heads rise up slowly, backlit by
text: the full moon. In the distance, the heads can seethe Hunter
text: party. The heads descend, back into the grass.
text: BACK WITH THE HUNTERS,
text: they continue forward, oblivious. Now behind them, four
text: more heads rise up in the grass. As then descend.
text: On all sides of the Hunters, the grass ripples as animals move
text: forward toward them, undetected, inexorable as torpedoes.
text: And these torpedoes are on target. One Hunter is suddenly
text: dragged down, yanked silently below the surface of the tall
dialog: grass.
text: In his place, a long, lizard-like tail rises up as the animal
text: drops its head to make the kill.
text: Behind him, two more Hunters are taken down, and two more
text: animal tails rise up in their place. A Hunter ahead hears the
text: RUSTLING and turns. His face turns white as, behind him --
text: -- a VELOCIRAPTOR springs out of the grass.
text: Velociraptor runs upright on its powerfully muscled hind legs,
text: the second tow of each foot bearing an extra-large curved
text: claw, carried in a retracted position, with which it slashes
dialog: on attack.
text: Like now. This raptor SNARLS and SLAMS into the body of the
text: Hunter, taking him down. A feeding frenzy ensues. The
text: Hunters run in all directions, but are pulled down and vanish
text: into the twitching long grass.
text: Another raptor enters from the right, leaps high into the air,
text: past the full moon, SLAMS into the chest of more human prey,
text: and takes him down, into the grass.
text: Behind them, Ajay's face falls, defeated. He looks around,
text: realizing he too is now stranded in the middle of the long
dialog: grass.
text: Around him, four torpedo trails head straight for him.
text: Ajay simply closes his eyes.
text: UP ON THE ROCK,
text: Roland turns away from the carnage, pained.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RUINED CAMPSITE - NIGHT
scene_heading: SARAH, MALCOLM, KELLY, NICK, ROLAND, DR. JUTTSON, and PETER
text: LUDLOW stand in the ruins of their campsite, their ranks
text: decimated, spirits shattered.
text: Roland is at the hole in the ground where his tent once was.
text: He has pulled his .800 Nitro Express from the mud and more or
dialog: less cleaned it, now he's checking the loads.
text: Kelly, nearly catatonic with fear, clings to Sarah, and it
text: doesn't look as if she'll ever let go. Malcolm, who is on his
text: knees picking through the wreckage of a tent, looks over at
text: them, but Sarah waves him off -- "she's okay."
text: Roland appears, standing over the group. He looks at Malcolm,
text: who has found the Lindstradt rifle, intact.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: How many rounds did you find for that
dialog: weapon?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Four, counting the one in the
dialog: chamber.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Don't let it out of your hands again.
text: (to Sara, but looking at
dialog: Kelly)
dialog: Can the kid walk?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Ask her.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Can the kid walk?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I can. I can walk.
text: While he addresses the group, Roland straps on one of the
text: servo-lights, the shoulder-mounted flashlights that follow
dialog: your gaze.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: We're going to find a path down into
dialog: the interior of the island. Load up
dialog: whatever you think you need, and I
dialog: mean need. If you can't carry it
dialog: indefinitely, don't bring it. We'll
text: hit the worker village in a couple
dialog: hours and be out of here before dawn.
dialog: 
text: AT THE EDGE OF CAMP,
text: Roland bends over one of the three-toed footprints left by the
text: rex. Behind him, the rest of the group is packing up,
text: slinging the remnants of their equipment over their shoulders.
text: Roland bends over and SNIFFS the footprint. It's filled with
text: a liquid of some kind.
text: He takes his canteen, dumps the remaining water into the
text: ground, and plunges the canteen into the footprint, filling
text: it. Ludlow hovers over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Piss.
text: Ludlow doesn't ask.
text: NOW AT THE FIRE,
text: Roland stares down at the ashes of the cooking fire that led
text: to such disaster. He grabs a handful of the ash and shoves it
text: in his pants pocket.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY OF DEATH - NIGHT
text: ROLAND and LUDLOW (who, along with Sarah and Malcolm, is also
text: wearing a servo-light now) maneuver down a rugged hillside and
text: come out in a flattened area. Ludlow GASPS, looking ahead in
text: wonderment. MALCOLM breaks through the hillside's foliage a
text: moment later. He too stares in amazement.
text: SARAH and KELLY come next, then NICK, then JUTTSON. One by
text: one, they all stop and stare.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: God help us.
text: They're standing in a flat, sandy area lined with boulders at
text: the sides. The flat area stretches fifty yards from side to
dialog: side and as far as they can see ahead. But that's not what
dialog: amazes them so.
text: Everywhere, the sand is dotted with dinosaur skeletons. Some
text: are huge, apatosaurs, sixty feet from head to tail tip.
text: Others are smaller, herbivores of many different kinds. The
text: more intact skeletons lie on their sides, their ribcages arcs
text: of pale bone. but just as many have been ripped apart, bits
text: of carcass tossed in every direction.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I do not feel lucky.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Keep moving.
text: They march on, tiny figures moving among the mountainous
text: skeletons by the light of the full moon. Roland notices one
text: carcass in particular, a recent kill. It's an enormous
text: HADROSAUR with fresh bites taken out of it.
text: He bends down, studying the soft earth around it for
text: footprints.
scene_heading: FURTHER ON,
text: Malcolm looks up, noticing the bony shapes around them, which
text: fall in heavy shadows like cell bars, seem to be changing.
text: He turns, and his servo-light shines on the bones. But
dialog: they're not bones any more at all, they're pipes, the animal
text: graveyard now given over to the lifeless skeletons of manmade
text: objects -- twisted, rotting machinery.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: We made it!
text: They hurry over a small rise --
scene_heading: EXT. WORKER VILLAGE - NIGHT
text: -- and find themselves at the edge of what was once Isla
text: Sorna's worker village. The size of a football field, the
text: town is divided by a main street that's dotted on both sides
text: by stores, residences, cafes, a gas station. All the way at
text: the far end is a large, blocky, four-story building.
dialog: But the town is a mess. The hurricane that hit here must have
text: been ferocious, for everywhere things are smashed, broken,
text: upended. And the jungle has stepped into the breath, growing
text: up, around, and over everything. Huge root systems snake
text: through the street, making it almost impassable.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: The jungle. It's always ready to
dialog: return.
text: Roland catches up and looks at Ludlow.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Where's the power and radio setup?
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
text: Operations building. Far end of the
dialog: street.
text: A light rain falls as they start down the street, carefully,
text: silently, Roland and Malcolm with their weapons at the ready.
text: They pass the skeleton of a fallen water tower. An empty gas
text: station, its vine-snarled pumps now useless. The only sound
text: is the low mechanical HUM of the servo-lights as they follow
text: the group's gazes obediently.
text: Every few feet, the group encounters strange, grayish lumps
text: that lies in random places in the middle of the street.
text: Malcolm, curious, stops and taps one of them. It's a rock-hard.
text: Nick looks over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Lava?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What are they?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I don't know.
text: Finally, they reach the operation building, at the far end of
dialog: the town.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
text: The radio rig is inside. It runs
dialog: directly from the geothermal
dialog: generator, so power shouldn't be a
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Good.
text: He pulls out his canteen. Ludlow watches as he screws the top
text: off, moves toward the building, and starts splashing the
text: contents on the outside of it.
text: The rest of the group just stares at him.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: What's he got in there?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: Piss.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: Don't ask me. The guy's completely
text: out to lunch.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What in God's name would he want
dialog: with-
text: Roland rejoins them.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Tyrannosaur urine. I don't want
dialog: anything to do with it, and neither
dialog: does any other animal on this island.
text: This building is now demarcated as
dialog: the rex's territory. As long as you
dialog: stay in that building, you'll all be
text: safe until the helicopter comes.
text: He drops his pack, swings his gun off his shoulder, and checks
text: the load. Dr. Juttson looks fearful.
speaker_heading: JUTTSON
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: After the rex. I saw a fresh kill
text: back in the valley with tyrannosaur
dialog: tracks all around it. If I'm not
dialog: back in time, don't wait for me.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You've got to be kidding.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Runs against my nature to hole up in
text: a cave and wait.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: Do you think the rex might have the
dialog: infant with it?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Possible.
text: Ludlow takes off his hat and turns to Nick.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: You know how to work a radio, don't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You're going too?
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: I lost everything I came after on
dialog: this trip, but one T-rex in one theme
dialog: park could single-handedly bail
text: InGen out of Chapter 11.
text: He takes a slip of paper from the brim of his hat and hands it
dialog: to Nick.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW (cont'd)
dialog: This is the broadcast frequency. ID
dialog: yourself as "Harvest Leader." You
dialog: know what to tell ‘em.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: You gentlemen feel you have to do
dialog: this now?
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Now's the perfect time. The animal
dialog: just fed, so it won't stalk us for
dialog: food. Predators don't hurt when
dialog: they're not hungry.
text: Ludlow double checks the clip on his semi-automatic rifle --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No.
text: -- and SMACKS it back into the belly of the gun.
speaker_heading: NICK (cont'd)
dialog: Only humans do.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMMUNICATIONS ROOM - NIGHT
text: The console of a sophisticated radio set-up glows brightly,
text: all green, red, and yellow. NICK tunes the dial to a specific
text: frequency. The radio WHINES and HISSES tuning in.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (into microphone)
dialog: cQ, CQ. This is InGen Operation
dialog: Harvest Leader to Harvest Base. Come
dialog: in, please.
text: The remaining SURVIVORS, minus Ludlow and Roland, shine their
text: flashlights around the dusty, vine-hung interior of the
text: communications room. On the wall a row of chrome letters says
text: "We Make The Future," but the words are obscured by a tangle
text: of vines. Mushrooms and fungi sprout from the carpet.
text: On one wall, there is a mural of what the completed Jurassic
text: Park would have looked like. Big hotels, Ford Explorers with
text: tourists leaning out the windows taking pictures, big crowds
text: at the fences around the animal exhibits. But none of it came
text: true, and now even the mural is runny and dust-covered.
text: There is a pause, filed only with radio static. Sarah looks
text: at Nick tensely, waiting. Finally, a VOICE comes over the
dialog: radio, clean as can be.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.s.)
dialog: Go ahead, Harvest Leader.
text: They all breath a sign of relief.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - NIGHT
text: With Roland and Ludlow gone on the hunt and the rest of the
text: group inside the operations building, main street stands
text: deserted and silent.
text: Nearly deserted, anyway. Moonlight shadows lengthen at one
dialog: end of the street --
text: -- and FIVE VELOCIRAPTORS STROLL INTO TOWN.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY OF DEATH - NIGHT
text: ROLAND AND LUDLOW are back in the valley of death, standing
text: amid the giant skeletons of long-dead animals. Roland bends
text: down, checking the carcass of the freshly-chewed HADROSAUR he
dialog: saw earlier.
text: A set of giant three-toed rex tracks leads away from the
text: carcass, down the stream bed. Roland follows them. Ludlow
text: follows Roland.
text: As they near a bend in the stream, Roland looks down, at the
text: surface of the water. A pattern of ripples moves toward them,
text: washing over their ankles. Roland follows the ripples with
text: his eyes. From up head, around the bend, he can hear the
text: sound of an animal eating and drinking. A very large animal.
text: He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a pinch of the ashes
text: from the cooking fire that he scooped up earlier and releases
text: that on the wind. They float there for a second, suspended,
text: then blow back at him.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: We're downwind. Good.
text: Roland darts a contemptuous look at him. He puts a finger to
text: his lips, gesturing for silence, then steps up, onto the
text: shore. Ludlow follows.
text: They creep forward, toward the sounds. They round the bend
text: and Roland hits his belly, edging up over a small rise.
text: Over the rise, he sees the TYRANNOSAUR, about a hundred yards
text: ahead. It's stooped over the stream bed, drinking. Like a
text: bird, it dips its head in the water and then straightens up,
text: to let the water fall down its throat. A dozen COMPYS are at
text: the water as well, drinking.
text: Roland gently FLICKS the safety on his gun to "off."
text: Ludlow edges toward the cover of a low-hanging branch. As he
text: puts his weight on one knee, it presses down hard on the
text: middle of a small stick, which CRACKS in half. Roland turns,
text: eyes blazing.
text: Out in the open, the tyrannosaur snaps its head sharply as
text: well, staring in the direction of the sound. But since
text: Roland's own head is turned, he doesn't see the dinosaur's
text: reaction. Roland holds a warning finger out to Ludlow.
text: Roland turns his head back. The tyrannosaur is gone.
scene_heading: FURTHER ON,
text: the trail of three-toed tyrannosaur footprints stops abruptly.
text: Roland stops too, gesturing for Ludlow to freeze behind him.
text: Roland glances both ways, looking for any sign of the track.
text: To the right, the ground gives way to hard black volcanic rock.
text: A short distance behind them, the rock is solid, a massive,
text: green, pebbled boulder ten feet high. Roland frowns and
text: WHISPERS in Ludlow's ear again.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: We took to the rock.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: Why?
text: In front of Roland, a palm frond sways gently in the night
text: breeze. Roland's eyes widen. He pulls out another pinch of
text: campfire ash and releases it on the wind.
text: This time, the ash blows off, straight away from him.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Wind shift.
text: They freeze, terrified. Behind them, the enormous green
dialog: pebbled boulder --
text: -- opens an eye.
text: That's no boulder, that's the MALE TYRANNOSAUR, standing
text: rock-solid still, its natural camouflage blending into the
text: surrounding foliage perfectly. Very slowly and almost
text: silently, the rex brings its head all the way around until it
text: is staring directly down at them from about ten feet away.
text: Roland and Ludlow stand frozen, their back to the rex,
text: unaware of its presence.
text: Until it exhales. The soft SNORT of its breath isn't quite
text: audible, but it brushes the hair on the backs of their necks
dialog: ever so slightly.
text: Their hearts drop into their stomachs. Ludlow speaks, his
text: voice a queasy HISS.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: It's... behind... us.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: (the very softest whisper)
dialog: It's just fed. It won't attack unless
dialog: it's threatened. Don't move.
text: As the rex silently cocks its head, sizing up the danger from
text: these intruders, it breathes again. A few strands of Ludlow's
text: hair flap in the exhalation. He closes his eyes, near tears.
text: He can't take it. His eyes dart, glancing down at the weapon
text: he holds in his hands. Unfortunately, it's extended in front
text: of him, away from the rex.
text: He risks another HISS.
speaker_heading: LUDLOW
dialog: If I don't move, I can't shoot it.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Let it go, Peter. The animal won.
text: Behind them, the rex appears satisfied. It starts to swing
text: its massive head around, back toward the jungle. It lifts one
text: great leg and takes a step into the trees.
text: Roland signs and closes his eyes, relieved.
text: But Ludlow seizes the opportunity. He whips his weapon around
text: and drops to one knee.
speaker_heading: ROLAND (cont'd)
dialog: no!
text: The rex is infinitely quicker. Ludlow just has time to
text: squeeze off a short burst of semi-automatic gunfire when the
text: animal whirls, takes one elegant step forward, and POUNCES.
text: Ludlow's bullets rip harmlessly through the foliage between
text: the rex's legs as its big head snaps forward and comes down,
text: jaws wide. They close around Ludlow's body, lift his straight
text: up into the air, and toss him once, readjusting their grip so
text: it is firmly around his midsection.
text: The whole combination of movements takes but half a second.
text: By the time Roland turns around, the animal has pivoted and
text: darted back into the jungle, carrying Ludlow, still SCREAMING
text: and writhing in its mouth.
text: Roland raises his gun, to draw a bead on the animal, but
text: through the shivering trees, he can only see that the
text: tyrannosaur is gone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMMUNICATIONS ROOM - NIGHT
text: MALCOLM SARAH, NICK, KELLY, and DR. JUTTSON wait nervously in
text: the communications room. An empty can of Dr. Pepper sitting
text: on one of the countertops begins to RATTLE. They look over at
text: it, confused, as the lightweight aluminum can CHATTERS on the
dialog: formica counter.
text: Other objects in the lab begin to rattle too. Glass jars
text: CLANK against one another, books start to drop off the
text: shelves, a stool shudders across the floor.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What's going on?!
text: Above them, the rotting wooden roof of the building starts to
text: actually tear away, chunks of moldy timber flying up into
text: the night. They look up, a deafening ROAR fills the room --
text: -- and a helicopter's searchlight floods in!
text: As the chopper dips lower, looking for a place to land, the
text: violent prop wash rips away huge chunks of the roof over their
dialog: heads.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - NIGHT
text: Up above the operations building, the helicopter circles. The
text: roof of the building is all arches and rotten timber,
dialog: impossible to land open.
text: Below, the PILOTS see the SURVIVORS through the torn roof of
text: the building. They wave frantically, their flashlight beams
text: piercing the night sky.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: There they are!
text: The Co-Pilot scans the street below, but it's choked with
text: overturned cars and fallen trees.
speaker_heading: CO-PILOT
dialog: No LZ in the street, too much debris!
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Check the other buildings!
text: The Co-Pilot nods and they peel off, swooping over the rest of
dialog: the village.
text: At the far end of the street, the Co-Pilot brings the
text: searchlight to bear on the large, flat roof of a three story
dialog: building.
text: The Pilot gives him a thumbs-up.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - NIGHT
text: MALCOLM, SARAH, KELLY, NICK and finally DR. JUTTSON run out
text: the front of the operations building. At the end of the
text: street, they can see the helicopter as it descends slowly over
text: the building, to land on its roof.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: There it is!
text: Happily, the group double-times it down the street, headed for
text: the chopper. Again, those strange rock formations are
text: everywhere. Some seem to be on the sides of buildings, as if
text: they once dripped there and then turned to stone.
text: This time Sarah pauses at one that is dripping over to the side
text: of a car like solidified lava. Her face falls as a thought
text: occurs to her.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Ian. It's guano.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: These formations. They're dried --
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Birdshit?
text: A VELOCIRAPTORS jumps onto a fallen tree trunk behind them.
text: They don't see it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Who cares? Let's go!
text: Unaware of the raptor's presence, they resume their trot
text: toward the helicopter. Behind them, the raptor crouches and
text: SNARLS, but the sound is lost under the WHINE of the
text: helicopter's engines. It springs, covering the distance
text: between them quickly.
text: The animal SLAMS into JUTTSON, the last person in the group,
text: and takes him down. Juttson is thrown forward, into the
text: others, who fall like dominoes.
text: Juttson SCREAMS, his voice an unnatural, high-pitched SQUEAL,
text: as the raptor flips him over and lowers its jaws into him.
text: Sarah looks up, panicked. Her eyes widen at the sight of a
text: SECOND RAPTOR, this one running straight at hr at top speed.
text: She buries her face in the dirt, covering her head with her
dialog: hands --
text: -- and the raptor's foot SLAMS into the ground between her
text: legs as it bounds over her and dives onto Juttson, joining the
text: first raptor in the kill.
text: Panicked, the group scatters in all directions. Kelly jumps
text: up and scrambles into the middle of the street, where she hits
text: the dirt and crawls under a fallen shed in the middle of the
dialog: road.
text: Malcolm rolls over to the space where Kelly was, but she's
text: gone now. He looks around frantically.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Kelly?! KELLY?!
text: Sarah rolls onto her feet and sprints toward the building
text: nearest her.
text: Behind her, a THIRD RAPTOR gives chase, bounding after her
text: with horrifying speed. Sarah runs flat-out, but her speed is
text: nothing compared to the raptor's, and it gains on her rapidly.
text: The walls of a structure of some kind close in around Sarah,
text: and as she leaps across a leather seat and SLAMS a door behind
text: her, we realize she's crawled into the back seat of an
text: abandoned car.
text: But the car door is thin protection against the charging
text: raptor, which SLAMS into the window, head first. The window
text: spinderwebs, but does not yield. The raptor crumples to the
dialog: ground.
text: Sarah looks up, through a three inch hole in the middle of the
text: web. The raptor leaps back to its feet and plunges its nose
text: into the tiny hole, thrashing, widening it.
text: Sarah SCREAMS and the animal forces its entire head through
text: the hole, SNAPPING its jaws just short of her face.
text: She hurls herself over the seat and into the front as the
text: animal penetrates even further into the car, but its torso
text: will not fit through the window opening. It pulls away.
text: In the front seat, Sarah gets some very bad news.
text: There's no windshield.
text: The raptor springs up onto the hood, its claws CLATTERING on
text: the sheet metal, and tosses its body through the opening --
text: -- just as Sarah hurls herself out the door. While the raptor
text: struggles to right itself in the front seat, Sarah runs to the
text: nearest building, ducks inside, and SLAMS the heavy wooden
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - NIGHT
text: MALCOLM races between the idled gas pumps and into the gas
text: station building, closing the door behind him. A moment
text: later, a raptor bounds after him, SLAMMING into the door.
text: Meeting resistance, it bounces off, notices the plate glass
text: window next to the door, and pounces at that. The window
text: SHATTERS and the raptor clings to the ledge, staring inside,
text: its tail hanging out.
text: Just as it gets inside, Malcolm opens the door and comes back
text: out, keeping the place of wall between them. He pulls the
text: Lindstradt rifle off his back and tries to take aim --
text: -- but the raptor whirls and springs, forcing him back inside,
text: through the door again.
text: Willing to play along, the raptor turns and jumps through the
text: window again.
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION - NIGHT
text: Balancing on the window frame, the raptor HISSES and crouches,
text: ready to spring at Malcolm.
text: Malcolm takes cover behind the door, which is hanging open
text: between them. He raises the rifle.
text: Th raptor springs into the door, BLASTING it off its hinges,
text: knocking Malcolm right through a window behind him.
text: But the door SMACKS up against the wall, covering the window,
text: preventing the raptor from following Malcolm out that way.
dialog: For the moment.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - NIGHT
text: Malcolm flies through the window and CRUNCHES to the ground.
text: He GROANS in agony and rolls off his bad leg, which is twisted
text: unnaturally beneath him, and claws in the mud for the gun.
text: ROUGH HANDS reach down, grab him by the shirt, and haul him to
text: his feet. It's NICK. He drags Malcolm away, but in the
text: commotion Nick's duffel slips off his shoulder and lands in
text: the street, spilling some of the precious videotapes.
text: Malcolm scoops them up.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Come on!
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Where's Kelly?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: She's with Sarah!
text: They race off, down the street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KILN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: High above SARAH, we see she is standing alone in a three
text: story kiln house, a windowless shed used for firing pottery
text: and other construction projects. Catwalks lined with heavy
text: chains hang above her, and onto the floor below, she turns in
text: circles, wondering what to do now.
text: From outside the kiln house, she hears SCRATCHING, digging
text: sounds. From the other side of the door comes an animal
text: SNORT, and a small puff of dust and dirt billows up through
text: the crack along the ground.
text: ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE DOOR,
text: the claws of one of the raptors dig furiously, trying to
text: tunnel underneath.
speaker_heading: INSIDE,
text: Sarah runs to the opposite wall, falls to her knees, and
text: starts digging a tunnel of her own, clawing frantically at the
text: ganging tools always and CLANKS as it tears at the earth below
dialog: it.
text: Sarah digs faster. So does the raptor.
text: With about eight inches of space under the wall, Sarah grabs
text: hold of the bottom of one of the plans and pries it up as
text: hard as she can. It snaps off with a loud CRACK.
text: At the door, the raptor stops digging. It's silent for a
dialog: moment .
text: Sarah has a good foot and a half of space under her wall now.
text: She starts to lower her body into it --
text: -- JUST AS THE RAPTOR'S CLAWS FLASH THROUGH FROM THE OTHER
speaker_heading: SIDE!
text: Sarah falls back, SCREAMING, leaps to her feet, and jumps up,
text: grabbing hold of one of the catwalks above. She starts to
text: climb, up, anywhere up, as the RAPTOR now squirms and thrashes
text: its way inside, coming in through her hole.
text: Sarah climbs, hauling herself up, leaping from one catwalk to
dialog: another.
text: The raptor leaps up onto a catwalk as well and follows her.
scene_heading: EXT. KILM HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A window in the slanted roof of the kiln house EXPLODES in a
text: shower of glass as SARAH kicks through it and climbs outside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - NIGHT
text: Nick drags a badly limping MALCOLM down the main street. They
text: can see helicopter at the far end, engine ROARING and
text: searchlight playing over them as they draw closer. They
text: approach a rusted, abandoned pickup in the middle of the
dialog: street --
text: -- and a RAPTOR leaps on top of it. Its claws CLACK on the
text: roof as it goes into its pre-attack crouch.
text: They don't stick around to negotiate. Nick hauls Malcolm off
text: into the nearest building.
scene_heading: INT. WORKER HOTEL - NIGHT
text: NICK and MALCOLM hurry inside and SLAM the door behind them.
text: They're standing in the lobby of a hotel of some kind,
dialog: probably used for overnight guests and day workers who had to
text: spend the night. The room and staircase wind around a large,
text: open-aired central area four stories tall. They SHOUT at each
text: other, frantic.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: We can't stay in here!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We're sure as hell not going back out
dialog: there"
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: This is single-wall construction!
dialog: It's just a shack!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It'll hold!
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: For sixty seconds, maybe! Look at
dialog: this!
text: (RAPS on the door with his
dialog: knuckles)
dialog: You could-
text: With a CRASH, the wood SPRINTERS around the lock and the door
text: swings open violently. Malcolm is thrown aside, landing hard
text: on the floor.
text: A VELOCIRAPTOR stands HISSING in the doorway. Nick throws his
text: weight against the door. SLAMMING it hard against the raptor.
text: Malcolm rolls over and paws the gun off his back.
text: SLAM! The raptor charges the door again, this time BLASTING
text: it off its hinges, knocking Nick to the floor beneath it. The
text: raptor turns and SNARLS at Malcolm.
text: Malcolm swings the gun around --
text: -- the raptor lunges at him --
text: -- Malcolm's finger closes on the trigger --
text: -- and the raptor lands on top of him.
text: The weight of the animal CRUSHES him into the floor, but the
text: gun barrel now stands between them. The raptor CHOMPS down
text: hard on the barrel, its teeth GRINDING on the metal, and SNAPS
text: its head, to tear it from Malcolm's hands.
text: Malcolm pulls the trigger.
text: The raptor's eyes pop wide as the dart SLAMS into the back of
text: its throat. It makes a GURGLING sound, then convulses
text: violently and rolls off of Malcolm, yanking the gun from his
text: hands as it falls and dies.
text: Nick scrambles out from under the door. Malcolm tries to
text: wrench the gun from the raptor's clenched jaws, but it won't
dialog: budge.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (helping him out)
dialog: Head for the roof!
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I have to find Kelly!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I think she's with Sarah!
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: DAMN IT, BE SURE!!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - NIGHT
text: KELLY remains huddled under the fallen shed, trembling with
text: fear. She holds her breath and freezes, as just outside, only
text: two feet from where she's hiding --
text: -- a RAPTOR'S FEET pick their way past her, down the middle of
dialog: the street.
text: Kelly closes her eyes and suppresses a scream.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: NICK and MALCOLM burst onto the roof of the now-burning
text: hotel and SLAM the door behind them. The helicopter is now
text: only three rooftops away. They turn and head for it, Nick in
text: the lead, but there's an eight foot gap between the buildings.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: It's too wide!
text: Nick looks around, desperate. A fallen power pole leans
text: against the building they're standing on, its lines gone
dialog: slack.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Help me push this!
text: Malcolm understands. He and Nick throw a shoulder into the
text: pole and give it a mighty push, tipping it over in the other
text: direction. One good hard shove and it falls to the far
text: building, THUDDING against it solidly.
text: Its power lines are not taut, a lifeline from this rooftop to
text: the next. Nick grabs hold and starts to pull himself across
text: the gap, hand over hand.
text: Behind them, the door of the building SPLINTERS and CRASHES
text: open as a raptor throws all its weight into it. Malcolm leaps
text: onto the power line without hesitation and starts pulling
text: himself across.
text: But even with the door wide open, the raptor on the other side
text: hesitates. It SNARLS and backs away, refusing to come out
text: onto the roof.
text: ON THE OTHER ROOFTOP,
text: Malcolm lands next to Nick on the second rooftop. They look
text: back at the frightened animal, which takes tow steps out onto
text: the roof, SNARLS, and backs into the doorway again.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It's afraid to come onto the roof!
text: Malcolm looks around, at the rooftop. Strange bits of scrap
text: and debris seem to have been arranged there, in an odd,
text: concentric pattern.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Something's wrong.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Look! Sarah!
text: He points to the roof of the kilm house, in the distance.
text: Malcolm turns, and sees SARAH crawling across the tile. His
text: face turns white.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: SHE'S ALONE! !
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KILM HOUSE ROOF - NIGHT
text: SARAH has problems. Still on top of the kilm house, she
text: reaches the edge and pushes off the roof, leaping to the roof
text: of the next building.
text: She lands at the peak of the intersection of the two sides of
text: sloping roof. As she pulls herself up --
text: -- a RAPTOR appears on the rooftop behind her. In full
text: stride, it leaps, sails over her, and lands on the roof
text: ahead of her.
dialog: 
text: Sarah swings to her left and starts to crawl down the slope,
text: away from the raptor. Suddenly the roof board under her
text: SPRINTERS and CRACKS under her weight. The whole section
text: pulls up and starts to slide off the roof. Sarah, clinging to
text: it, rides the roof planks down, away from the raptor.
text: She looks over her shoulder, down --
text: -- and sees ANOTHER RAPTOR, waiting for her on the roof of the
text: building below.
text: Sarah quickly rolls off the sliding section of roof, which
text: keeps sliding, falling. The raptor below jumps up, just in
text: time to get WHACKED in the head by the falling roof section.
text: Sarah tries to cling to the Spanish tile roof, fingers and
text: nails slipping on the slick ceramic surface. She slides all
text: the way to the edge, grabs hold of the gutter, and dangles
text: there, suspended above one raptor and trapped below another.
text: The raptor above works its way down. The one below leaps up,
text: at her dangling legs. She has left them in time with its
text: jumps, to avoid losing her feet. This can't go on for long.
text: Desperate, she pulls one of the Spanish tiles up from the roof
text: and hurls it at the raptor below. It hits the animal in the
dialog: head, for all the good that does.
text: But Sarah keeps on, pulling and throwing more tiles. She
text: edges to the right, toward a fresh supply.
text: The raptor above edges even closer, claws CLICKING on the
text: slick roof.
text: Something interesting is happening. As Sarah pulls the loose
text: tiles free, the ones above slide down, to take their place.
text: Sarah sees this and pulls more free, knocking them out of the
dialog: way as fast as she can.
text: Suddenly an avalanche of loose tiles breaks loose and the
text: footing underneath the raptor above disintegrates. The
text: animal's feet flail and grasp, it slides towards the edge amid
text: the tumbling tiles.
text: Sarah, seeing it coming, swings in close to the building,
text: hugging it as closely as she can. The raptor falls off the
dialog: roof, right past her --
text: -- and CRUNCHES into the raptor below. Both animals SNARK and
dialog: attack one another.
text: Now Sarah, her grip exhausted, falls too, landing right next
text: to the enraged animals. They fight and roll, RIGHT OVER HER.
text: She GROANS and hugs the wood below her, the raptors continue
text: to thrash and bite, they roll back, toward her, she rolls out
dialog: of their way --
text: -- and plunges through a hole in the roof.
scene_heading: INT. LAB - NIGHT
text: Sarah falls through the roof of a deserted laboratory and
text: lands in the tray of an old-fashioned hanging fluorescent
text: light fixture.
text: One end of the fixture's support SNAPS, it drops at a 45
text: degree angle, Sarah slides out the other end and CRASHES
text: through a window.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Sarah lands in the mud in the street below.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BETWEEN TWO BUILDING - NIGHT
text: With a THUD, MALCOLM lands in the mud between two other
text: building, one of which he has just climbed off of. Panicked,
text: he leaps to his feet and starts to SHOUT.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Kelly! KELLY!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - NIGHT
text: SARAH sprints down the main street as fast as she can, toward
text: the building on which sits the helicopter. Above her, she can
text: see NICK has now reached the helicopter and is waving to her.
text: Sarah reaches the fallen water tower, which is next to the
text: helicopter building, and starts to climb it.
text: ELSEWHERE IN THE STREET,
text: KELLY is still covering underneath the fallen shed. In the
text: distance, she can see the helicopter. But she is trembling
text: with fear, unable to move.
text: The whole shed suddenly RATTLES as something heavy hits it
text: outside. Kelly's mouth drops open to scream, but her terror
text: is so complex that no sound comes out. She raises her hands
text: in self-defense, whatever's outside ROARS with effort, the
text: entire shed is suddenly RIPPED right up off of her, and she
dialog: looks up --
text: -- into her father's eyes.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Dad!
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Come on!
text: He grabs her by the hand and they take off down the street.
text: ON THE ROOFTOP,
text: Sarah emerges at the top of the water tower structure and
text: leaps onto the roof, into Nick's arms.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Where's Kelly?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Where's Ian?
text: Eyes wide with panic, they both turn and look down at the
text: street below, where they see KELLY and MALCOLM, racing at top
text: speed down the middle of the street --
text: -- WITH A VELOCIRAPTOR CHASING THEM.
text: DOWN IN THE STREET,
text: Malcolm and Kelly have a twenty yard advantage on the animal.
dialog: They're pretty fast, but it's faster.
text: Above them, Nick and Sarah are at the edge of the roof,
text: SHOUTING and urging them on. They push it, faster.
text: They reach the base of the fallen water tower, the jumble of
text: struts and metal poles that Sarah climbed.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
speaker_heading: CLIMB!
text: Kelly leaps ahead of him and grabs hold of one of the poles,
text: pulling herself neatly up to her feet and reaching for the
dialog: next one.
text: Malcolm stretches and makes the same effort, but for him it's
dialog: much harder.
text: Below them, the raptor springs and SLAMS into the struts,
text: shaking the whole structure. It pulls itself up.
text: Higher up, Kelly climbs fast, hands gliding over the poles.
text: She breaks out into the open, where a long, narrow pole runs
text: on a slight incline up to the roof. She scampers across it,
text: running the balance beam.
text: She reaches the other side, on a ledge below the roofline, and
text: looks back. Malcolm is at the other end, hesitating, drained,
text: breathing hard.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: DAD, COME ON!
text: Below him, the raptor closes in. Malcolm sets out across the
text: beam, his legs shaking. He places his feet carefully, he
dialog: doesn't have nearly the balance Kelly did.
text: The raptor draws closer.
speaker_heading: KELLY (cont'd)
speaker_heading: FASTER!
text: Malcolm slips.
text: One foot twists right off the bar and he spins, arms flailing,
text: trying to regain his tenuous balance.
text: But he overcompensates and his whole body, wrenches out from
text: under him. He falls, the bar SMACKS him hard in the chest,
text: knocking the wind out of him, and he drops, flipping right off
text: the bar and bouncing painfully through the maze of bars below.
text: He drops right past the pursuing velociraptor, CRUNCHING to
text: a halt in a nest of bars ten feet off the ground, probably
text: cracking a rib. Kelly SCREAMS from above him.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KELLY (cont'd)
dialog: DAD!
text: She stares down in horror at her father. Wrenched in among
text: the bars, Malcolm is helpless as the animal crouches only six
text: feet above him now, with an open attack route.
text: The animal SNARKS and goes into its pre-attack crouch.
text: Up above, Kelly wipes the palms of her hands on her jeans
text: and leaps out into space, grabbing hold of one of the bars.
dialog: 
text: The raptor springs.
text: Kelly spins around, over the top of the bar, and, at the very
text: peak of her trajectory, she lets go.
text: The raptor sails through down from above, feet first, SLAMMING
text: both of them squarely into the raptor's side, sending it
text: hurtling into space.
text: She lands hard and awkwardly, CLANGING into the spidery
text: scaffolding next to Malcolm as the raptor SMASHES to the
text: ground below. But Kelly manages to hold on.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: GET UP!
text: She grabs hold of Malcolm and pulls him to his feet.
text: ON THE ROOF,
text: Kelly and Malcolm appear over the roofline. The PILOTS SHOUTS
text: from inside.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!
text: Malcolm and Kelly scramble toward the helicopter. But at the
text: opposite side of the roof, a RAPTOR claws its way over the
dialog: edge as well.
text: Malcolm sees it and they lunge for the helicopter, but the
text: animal is far faster. It's only ten feet away, then five,
dialog: they're surely done for this time, when --
scene_heading: -- KA-BOOM!
text: There comes the loudest single gunshot anyone has ever heard,
text: and the raptor flies off its feet and lands ten feet across
text: the roof, dead. They look up, to the source of the
dialog: gunshot.
text: It's ROLAND, standing at the edge of the roof, holding his
text: smoking .600 Nitro Express.
text: But there's no time for celebration, as suddenly the
text: helicopter's left skid CRACKS right through the surface of the
dialog: roof.
speaker_heading: PILOT
text: HURRY! THE ROOF'S GIVING WAY!
text: The skid dips even further, ripping right through the
text: thatch-and-wood construction. Kelly, who had one foot in the
dialog: helicopter, loses her balance --
text: -- as the roof caves in beneath her.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
speaker_heading: KELLY!
text: She falls, SCREAMING, through the hole and down, into the
text: building below.
scene_heading: ONE FLOOR DOWN,
text: Kelly lands with a CRUNCH on the floor immediately below the
text: roof, about nine feet down. But her landing is cushioned by
text: an inordinate amount of straw and leaves that have been
text: arranged there. She lifts one hand, and a yellowy, viscous
text: substance drips off of it.
text: It's yolk. She looks around, noticing half a dozen large,
text: oblong shapes. Eggs.
text: Above her, Malcolm is scrambling, climbing down to her through
text: the wreckage of the CREAKING, crumbling roof.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Kelly! I'm coming!
text: Kelly climbs to her knees, but behind her, a large, dark shape
text: is moving. Rising. Unfolding, in a way.
text: IT'S A PTERANODON.
text: Yep, flying dinosaur. The enormous animal raises its head, a
text: brilliant blue crest extending two feet behind its long,
text: saber-like beak. It SQUAWKS at Kelly in fury. She can only
text: stare, spellbound.
text: Malcolm reaches her and grabs hold as the angry animal unfurls
text: its massive twenty-two foot wingspread.
text: ON THE ROOF,
text: the helicopter lurches as it sinks further into the crumbling
text: roof, and now the skids are getting tangled in the debris.
text: Roland races over to the hole, climbs in a few feet, and
text: starts kicking at it, making it larger.
speaker_heading: ROLAND
dialog: Give me a ladder!
text: IN THE PTERANODON NEST,
text: Malcolm tries to haul Kelly back up the way he came, but a
text: SECOND PTERANODON now appears from the depths of the building,
text: SCREECHING in fury at these invaders who have landed in the
text: middle of their clutch of eggs.
text: An emergency rescue ladder drops through the hole in the roof.
text: Malcolm grabs Kelly with one arm and the ladder with the other
text: and they start to climb out of the nest.
text: ON THE ROOF,
text: Malcolm and Kelly climb the ladder and are pulled into the
text: belly of the chopper just as two enormous beaks break
text: through the surface of the roof around them.
dialog: 
text: The pteranodons are emerging.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: GO GO GO GO GOG GO!
text: The helicopter lurches up a few feet, but it yanked to an
text: abrupt stop. The engines WHINE, the chopper just hovers
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: We're snagged on something!
text: They loos down. BOTH PTERANODONS have come out through the
text: hole in the roof and are clinging to the skids of the
text: helicopter. They flap their gigantic wings in unison, and
text: drag the helicopter off, into the air, away from the nest --
text: -- and let go. Freed, the helicopter gains altitude quickly.
text: IN THE HELICOPTER,
text: the PILOTS gape as the pteranodons coast along, right next to
dialog: the helicopter.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Hang on! If I tip it hard, I can cut
dialog: "em with the rotors!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: NO! Don't! They're not attacking!
text: They look out the windows, where, indeed, the magnificent
text: animals are merely accompanying them, flying escort as the
text: chopper gains altitude.
speaker_heading: SARAH (cont'd)
dialog: They're protecting their nest.
dialog: That's all. That's all they're
dialog: doing.
text: Kelly, completely drained, sits between Sarah and Malcolm,
text: each of whom has a protective arm around her. She sags
text: against her father's chest, nothing left.
text: He holds her tight and WHISPERS in her ear.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Thank you. Kelly, thank God. Thank
dialog: God for you...
text: IN THE NIGHT SKY,
text: over the island, the helicopter steadily gains altitude. A
text: hundred feet. Three hundred. A thousand.
text: As the helicopter is clearly leaving the island, the
text: pteranodons now peel off, their job done. One of them banks
text: sharply, right in front of the moon. The moonlight
text: silhouettes it, shining right through its membranous wings,
text: lighting it up like a Halloween skeleton.
text: Below, the tiny green island melts away into the vastness of
text: the wine-dark sea.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TYRANNOSAUR NEST - NIGHT
text: Elsewhere in the forest, it's not such a happy story. PETER
text: LUDLOW, still alive, drops through the air and CRUNCHES to the
text: muddy ground. Dizzy, bleeding, the breath knocked out of him,
text: he opens his eyes and sees a sloping bank of dried mud.
text: From behind him, he hears a CHIRPING sound. He turns.
text: He's in the tyrannosaur nest.
text: The BABY TYRANNOSAUR faces him, still with a strange
text: aluminum-foil cast on its leg. The baby SQUEAKS with
text: excitement as it toddles toward him.
text: Ludlow scrambles to his feet, unsure what to do. Both ADULT
text: TYRANNOSAURS stand outside the nest, staring down at him.
text: The baby runs toward Ludlow, so he turns and runs away.
text: But in an instant, the male brings its head down, knocking
text: Ludlow to the ground. Then it raises its head again.
text: Watching. Waiting.
text: Ludlow gets up again and tries to run, but now the female rex
text: strikes, knocking him over again.
text: Ludlow tries to crawl away, on all fours. The male bends down
text: and closes its jaws around one of his legs, holding it
scene_heading: tightly. Ludlow SCREAMS --
text: -- and the rex bits down decisively. The bone breaks with a
text: dry SNAP. Ludlow HOWLS in pain, unable to move, and the baby
text: toddles forward eagerly. Ludlow can only stare as it leaps
text: up, onto his chest, and opens its jaws wide.
text: Peter Ludlow SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: Snow falls in a gray midwinter sky. In a cemetery, a group of
text: fifty MOURNERS is grouped around a gravesite next to a coffin
text: that is festooned with cascades of flowers. On a table, there
text: is an array of framed photographs --
text: -- of JOHN HAMMOND. A MINISTER reads from the Bible while the
text: Mourners wipe away tears. IAN MALCOLM stands a respectful
text: distance from the group, KELLY right beside him. Malcolm's
text: face is blank, tired, his sunburn out of place with the white
text: winter setting around him.
text: At gravesite, a Young Woman turns, looking back over her
text: shoulder. About sixteen, she's lovely, with long blonde hair
text: and an honest, open face. She notices Malcolm, recognizes
dialog: him.
text: She nudges a Young Man next to her, about thirteen years old.
text: The Young Man turns and breaks into a smile just as welcoming.
text: As the ceremony breaks up, they walk over to him.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Hello, Lex. Tim.
text: LEX stands on her tiptoes and kisses Malcolm on the cheek.
text: TIM extends a hand and Malcolm shakes it.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM (cont'd)
dialog: This is Kelly. My daughter.
text: They nod their hellos.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: I'm glad you came, Dr. Malcolm
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I'm sorry about your grandfather.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: We were going to call you, in a few
dialog: days. Tim and I have been thinking,
dialog: and we've decided we want people to
dialog: know about the island. About what we
dialog: all saw.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: We think it's something our
dialog: grandfather would want us to do.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: Because it's true.
text: Malcolm looks at her for a long moment.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I know, Lex. But even if we're the
dialog: only ones who ever know, it'll still
dialog: be true. You see, I've decided
dialog: that if the world found out about
dialog: what your grandfather created, it
dialog: wouldn't be around for very long.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LEX
dialog: But -- it was real. You can't let
dialog: people go on saying it's not.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: That's the thing about reality.
text: He looks down at Kelly.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM (cont'd)
dialog: Even when people stop believing in
text: it, it doesn't go away.
text: Kelly smiles and takes his hand, her slender fingers
text: interlocking with his.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY
text: Back on Isla Sorna, we float over the deserted worker village,
text: moving lightly, as in a dream.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM (V.O.)
dialog: Do you feel the cold wind blowing on
dialog: your face? That's real.
text: We sweep low, landing on the roof the helicopter took off
text: from, the nest below now careful rebuilt with straw and
text: scrap, a dozen unblemished eggs in the middle of it.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM (V.O.)
dialog: Do you see the four of us, standing
dialog: here together, alive? That's real.
text: A PTERANODON land gently on the nest. Ever so carefully, it
text: positions itself over the eggs, lowers itself to roosting
text: position, and folds its giant wings around its body.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM (V.O.)
dialog: And maybe that's still that matters.
text: The animal raises its head, opens its beak, and SQUAWKS
text: approvingly up at the heavens.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
