dialog: 
dialog: "The Adventures of Ford Fairlane," early draft, by Daniel Waters
speaker_heading: FORD FAIRLANE
dialog: Screenplay by Dan Waters
dialog: Story by Jay Cappe
dialog: &
dialog: Dave Arnott
dialog: Based on a character
dialog: Created by Rex Weiner
dialog: A Silver Pictures Production May 1,1989
scene_heading: [NOTE: THE HARD COPY OF THIS SCRIPT CONTAINED SCENE
text: NUMBERS. THESE HAVE NOT BEEN RETAINED FOR THIS SOFT
speaker_heading: (TEXT) COPY.]
scene_heading: EXT. ENIGMATIC BODY OF WATER - SUNSET
text: The VIEWER'S VIEWPOINT breathlessly GLIDES OVER a body
dialog: of water.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER DRESSING ROOM
text: BOBBY VOMIT charges through what seems to be a typically-
text: deliciously-trashed dressing room, barking into a phone
text: headgear apparatus. His wire rim glasses amusingly con-
text: trast with his traditional rock star look of shoulder-
text: length blond hair and red-tank-top-over-black-spandex.
text: His pacing reveals a helicopter pilot in the b.g.,
text: flying the dressing room.
speaker_heading: VOMIT
dialog: Wha-at!... No, no, I can't do it
dialog: tomorrow. I'm taping a Rock Against
dialog: Drugs spot. It's important to me...
text: Vomit savagely snorts into a vial of crystal methe.
text: Behind him, a big blanket on a couch rises up, becoming
text: a giggling lump.
speaker_heading: PILOT (O.S.)
dialog: Five minutes, Mister Vomit.
speaker_heading: VOMIT
dialog: Thanks, man... Don't worry, Johnny,
dialog: I have it with me now. I'll just put
dialog: it in a little protection program.
dialog: He can't stop us, man, no way.
text: Vomit rips off his headgear and looks to a purse on the
text: couch just as the purse's owner, a cancer-curing beauty
text: wearing nothing but an oversize I (picture of a heart)
text: Black Vomit T-shirt, bursts out from under the blanket,
text: sipping from a pink bottle of wine cooler. Her name is
scene_heading: ZUZU PETALS.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Peek-a-boo!
speaker_heading: VOMIT
dialog: Now, Zuzu, didn't I tell you to
dialog: lay off the coolers?
text: Zuzu giggles away as Vomit slithers down to kiss her.
text: While maneuvering his lips, he reaches out to Zuzu's
dialog: purse.
scene_heading: EXT. WATER - SUNSET
text: The VIEWER'S VIEWPOINT finally GLIDES PAST the water
text: OUT OVER a dam, where, at the base, are thousands of
text: screaming fans. A stage has been built atop the dam amid
text: spooky industrial art design.
scene_heading: EXT. DAM
text: The helicopter, equipped with a warped logo and the words
text: BLACK VOMIT, swooshes to a halt above the stage where a band
text: is rabidly pounding away. The chopper begins to descend
text: upon a makeshift "backstage area" to the side of the stage.
scene_heading: CROWD OF THOUSANDS
dialog: Vomit! Vomit! Vomit!
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM
text: Holding Zuzu's purse behind his back, Bobby Vomit bobs back
text: up. Zuzu takes a dainty sip from her wine cooler, babbling
text: softly in a losing battle with consciousness. Vomit opens
text: the purse and pulls a compact disc from his Spandex. The
text: cover reads Black Vomit's Greatest Hits and has a red
text: number one on it.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: So I had this dream, right. You
dialog: guys were doing that song, 'I Love
dialog: You More Than My Own Death,' right,
dialog: when all of a sudden these penguins
dialog: come on stage and tell the audience
dialog: that I used to wet my bed. And
dialog: that I enjoyed it. It was so real
dialog: ... How 'bout a kiss, Bobby?
speaker_heading: VOMIT
dialog: (closing Zuzu's
dialog: purse)
dialog: Sure. Babe.
text: Zuzu drowsily raises her head, eyes closed, and adorably
text: puckers up. Vomit tosses her purse smack dab into her
text: face and lips with a bonk. Zuzu reacts with a dreamy
text: smile and curls into a sleeping fetal position.
text: Vomit turns to stare out at his screaming fans and then
text: down to the "backstage area," zeroing in on an
text: eccentrically, but stylishly, dressed man in sunglasses.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKSTAGE AREA - NIGHT (SUN HAS SET)
text: The man is JULIAN GRENDEL. The SOUNDTRACK suddenly ig-
dialog: nores the band to go into Grendel's mind where elegant
text: CLASSICAL MUSIC is PLAYING. He wryly murmurs to himself
text: as the reflection on his sunglasses go from the screaming
text: crowd to the landing chopper.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Vomit. Vomit. Vomit.
text: The inner CLASSICAL MUSIC CUTS OFF as Bobby Vomit bounds
text: out from the 'copter, a skipping Zuzu in tow.
text: Vomit and Grendel exchange cold smiles. Julian Grendel
text: is deaf; the sound of his speech is perverse in an inter-
dialog: esting way.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Nice of you to drop by, Mister Vomit.
speaker_heading: VOMIT
dialog: Please don't spank me, Mister
dialog: Grendel.
text: Vomit pleasantly walks behind Grendel and then wields
text: around, screeching into the back of his boss's head.
speaker_heading: VOMIT
dialog: Drown in hell, you deaf
dialog: motherfucker!
text: Grendel turns around with a smile.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
text: Sticks and stones...
speaker_heading: VOMIT
dialog: But I thought you couldn't hear?
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Oh Robert (Row-bare), you're so
dialog: predictable, I don't have to.
text: Vomit seethes off to a nearby roadie holding a big drum
text: of goo, flinging off his wire rim glasses.
speaker_heading: VOMIT
dialog: Let's do it, man.
text: The roadie begins pouring the goo over Bobby's head.
speaker_heading: STAGE
text: The audience explodes in a flurry of cheers as...
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: Welcome, sluts and perverts, I
dialog: give you, Black Vomit!
text: Bobby Vomit strolls onto the stage -- and he's on fire.
text: Covered from head to toe by licking flames -- a heavy
text: metal human torch.
text: Two Roadies with fire extinguishers fo-o-osh out the
text: inferno that is the rock star's body. Another roadie
text: tosses him a mike. Vomit smolders a bit -- transparent
text: goo oozing over his body.
speaker_heading: VOMIT
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Hello, L.A.
text: The crowd riots as the band breaks in with their question-
dialog: able but aggressively stated definition of music. Bobby
text: Vomit wails his way through a toxic first verse.
text: He stops singing to spasm to his guitarist's solo. He
text: relifts his microphone and uh, he chokes, making gurgl-
text: ing sounds as if something were trying to crawl out of
text: his body.
text: The crowd sounds like all ten thousand of them are in
dialog: labor -- they love this.
text: Julian Grendel takes off his sunglasses with a scared
dialog: expression.
text: Vomit's face turns red as he thrashes about the stage
text: bashing down amps and barbed wire set design. Vomit!
dialog: Vomit! Vomit!
text: The band starts missing notes, looking around. This
text: doesn't seem to be part of the act. Dribbling a crimson
text: tide, Bobby Vomit falls to his knees with a final scream
text: of earthly existence. A final stream of blood rolls
text: from his mouth down the white dam to the crowd who has
text: reached a new level of frenzy beyond the limits of human
dialog: comprehension.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTTEST CLUB IN LOS ANGELES - LATER IN NIGHT
text: The VIEWER'S VIEWPOINT TRACKS DOWN a line of men and
text: women standing outside the Rolls-Royce of nightclubs.
text: The desperate-to-get-in crowd are dressed-to-kill-be-
dialog: killed-and-kill again.
text: At the front of the line, the overly rich and gorgeous
text: thrust and screech over the velvet ropes as a stoic
text: DOORMAN, standing before glass doors, uses all the zen
dialog: he can to tune them out.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: You people are disgusting. Don't
dialog: you remember the Roman empire?
scene_heading: POV - RUCKUS AT DOOR
text: The Doorman and the frenzied would-be patrons turn TO
text: the VIEWER and go silent and motionless.
scene_heading: INT. THE CLUB - AT BAR
text: Precariously-situated atop barstools are two very short
text: club owners, JAIME and LARRY, dressed almost identically,
text: looking out into their club. A MAN IN A BLACK HAT,
text: sitting between them, turns to sneer...
speaker_heading: MAN IN HAT
dialog: So who the hell is this Ford
dialog: Fairlane fuck?
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: Guy's a rock star who don't play
text: a note of music. Carries a gun
dialog: instead of a guitar... Am I right,
dialog: Larry?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Wasn't always a detective though,
dialog: Jaime. Started out doing every
dialog: shit job in the biz; chauffeur,
dialog: roadie, publicist, Phil Spector's
dialog: bodyguard...
speaker_heading: MAN IN HAT
dialog: If I wanted a biography, I'd eat a
dialog: librarian. What does he look like?
speaker_heading: JAIME AND LARRY
dialog: Like that...
scene_heading: GLASS ENTRANCE DOORS
text: Handsome and intimidating, the VIEWER gets their first
text: clear view of FORD FAIRLANE as the Doorman swings open
text: the glass door allowing a classical head-turning entrance
text: into the state-of-the-art club.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Hey, Spike, I was sorry to hear
dialog: about your cat. Those U.P.S.
dialog: trucks are pretty wicked.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Thanks, man.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: If you need somebody to talk to...
text: Ford moves deeper into the club and lights up his
text: seventieth cig of the day and takes in the la dolce vita
text: ambience. A band rocks out with an attractive,
text: bizarrely-dressed female lead singer. A mirthful CLUB
text: GAL gets a look at Ford and stops laughing. She pulls
text: away from her suitor to slap Ford with a growl.
speaker_heading: CLUB GAL
dialog: You son-of-a-bitch!
speaker_heading: FORD
text: Whoa. Another satisfied customer.
text: The Club Gal storms back into the arms of her suitor
text: while Ford wiggles life back into his head.
text: Ford scopes the tables around him. His viewpoint halts
text: at a man with red hair. A BOUNCER breaks his
dialog: concentration.
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: Ford, I gotta ask you to put that
dialog: out, dude. Nobody smokes anymore.
text: Ford flings his hand down with a quick motion and rubs
text: at the carpet with his foot. The Bouncer smiles and
text: walks away. Ford lifts back up his hand, revealing that
text: the cigarette never left it. He takes a drag with a
text: grin until a hand slaps the cigarette into his face.
text: It's the TWIN SISTER of the Club Gal who slapped him two
text: minutes ago, in a different outfit.
speaker_heading: TWIN SISTER
dialog: What goes for my sister, goes
dialog: double for me. Don't you remember
dialog: the Jacuzzi, Laurel Canyon, the
text: Guns and Roses video wrap party.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (smiling, coming
dialog: back to him)
dialog: Yeah, yeah... but you weren't
dialog: identical.
speaker_heading: TWIN SISTER
dialog: You said you'd call us...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Let me give you my number, it's
dialog: 555-6023.
speaker_heading: TWIN SISTER
dialog: Thanks! Wait. 555's not a real
dialog: number. They only use it in the
dialog: movies...
text: Ford slyly walks off, holding up his arms to the
text: decadence around him.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: What in the fuck do you think this
dialog: is? Real life?
speaker_heading: AT BAR
text: Jaime, Larry and the angry, anxious Man in the Hat watch
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: MAN IN HAT
dialog: That's Fairlane! He doesn't look
dialog: so tough.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Yeah, well, just don't call him
dialog: Mr. Rock-N-Roll Detective...
scene_heading: FORD IN THOROUGHFARE
text: TWO DRUNKEN COLLEGE BOYS thwap an unhappy Ford on the
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN BOY #1
dialog: Ford Fairlane, Mr. Rock-N-Roll
dialog: Detective!
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN BOY #2
dialog: Let us buy you a drink, dudeski.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (holding back a
dialog: physical response)
dialog: You two loony guys, what are your
dialog: names? Neal and Bob? Or is that
dialog: what you do? Tell me, are you
dialog: driving home tonight?
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN BOY #1
dialog: Uh, yeah.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Go-o-o-d... Don!
text: Ford shifts away from the College Boys and into a seat
text: at the table of DON CLEVELAND, a suave and amiable black
dialog: record producer.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: So many assholes, so few bullets.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Damn, Ford, you're the most cynical
dialog: man in the industry and that's not
dialog: easy.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'm not cynical. Can I help it
dialog: that life is a disease and
dialog: everyone's a victim.
dialog: So you're producing exclusively for
dialog: Grendel Records now. Hope you're
text: taking Julian for a bundle.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Man, ever since old Jack Grendel
dialog: died, Julian has got me into one
dialog: yummy gig after the other. Not
dialog: only am I producing, he's got me
dialog: in some lovely-bullshit-money-money
dialog: executive position. What are you
dialog: looking at...
text: Ford is looking off to another man with red hair.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Some redhead's been harassing that
dialog: all-girl group, the Ovaries.
text: Hanging out at their concerts
dialog: saying he wants to rape and kill
dialog: them and not in that order. Cops
dialog: won't do anything until he actually
dialog: does something.
text: A killer-cute nymph, MELODI, in a tight-tight dress
text: bubbles up.
speaker_heading: MELODI
dialog: You're that guy, the private eye.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You're a poet and didn't know it.
speaker_heading: MELODI
dialog: Do you really know everybody in
dialog: the industry?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Only on a first name basis.
speaker_heading: MELODI
dialog: That's cute. You're funny.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: That's funny, you're cute.
speaker_heading: MELODI
dialog: You heard that Bobby Vomit O.D.'d,
dialog: right? Do you suspect foul play
dialog: and stuff?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'll tell you when somebody pays
dialog: me to give a shit and stuff.
text: Melodi sweetly hands Ford a napkin with her phone number
text: on it.
speaker_heading: MELODI
dialog: My name's Melodi, as in 'a pretty
dialog: girl is like a.' Whatever you're
dialog: doing tomorrow... cancel.
text: Melodi winks and walks off. Don stares in awe. Ford
text: blows his nose in the napkin.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: You gotta shave before you leave
dialog: the house in a dress like that
dialog: and I don't mean your legs. Why
dialog: didn't you jump on her? What's
dialog: happening to you?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I guess I'm not interested in any
dialog: club who'll have my member as a
dialog: member. Later, Don...
text: Ford scans to Jaime, Larry and the Man in the Hat at the
dialog: bar.
text: Ford stands and begins weaving between tables. He looks
text: to the attractive singer onstage. Seeing Ford, she loses
text: her place in the song. She gives off a scowl to Ford and
text: then continues singing.
speaker_heading: BAR
text: Jaime and Larry see Ford approach. Larry turns to the
dialog: bartender.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: You better have that vodka
dialog: milkshake done. Here comes Mr.
dialog: Rock-N-Roll Detec -- Hi, Ford.
text: The Bartender nervously pours a blenderful of vanilla
text: milkshake into an ornate fountain glass and then adds a
text: huge dose of Absolut, along with a maraschino. He then
text: lights the vodka shake afire as Ford reaches the bar,
text: blows it out, and slurps.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Not thick enough, but better. You're
dialog: definitely getting better, Harry.
dialog: (turning to Jaime
dialog: and Larry)
dialog: Hey, if it isn't Mutt... and Mutt.
dialog: Who's your friend?
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: Just some guy named Sam...
speaker_heading: MAN WITH HAT
dialog: Yeah, I'm just some guy named Sam,
dialog: asswipe.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Reminds me of that song by the all-
dialog: girl group, the Ovaries, 'Some
dialog: Guys Eat Reindeer.' What. A.
dialog: Tune! But what's that lead
dialog: singer's name. I'm drawing a
dialog: fucking blank here...
speaker_heading: MAN WITH HAT
dialog: (suddenly very
dialog: frenetic)
dialog: It's Stuh -- Sta -- Sta -- Stac --
text: As the Man with Hat stutters like the fanatic he is,
text: Ford casually knocks off his hat revealing weird streaks
text: of red hair. Ford smiles, turns to the bar, and takes a
text: last sip from his shake before smashing the fountain
text: glass into the face of the stuttering Sam, sending him
text: off his barstool.
text: The sleazebag leaps up like a wild animal and swings his
text: fist at Ford. Ford grabs onto the flying fist, stopping
text: it dead. Sam sharply swings his other fist around, but
text: Ford grabs this one, too, locking them into an Arthur
dialog: Murray lesson position.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Shall we da-ance?
text: Ford heaves the fanatic into a nearby table. The fanatic
text: drops on all fours and crawls under the table. A
text: chuckling Ford strolls between the tables.
text: Sam crawls out from under one table and makes under the
text: long tablecloth of another. The crowd has taken an active
text: interest, but the band continues to play.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: So finally got a tip that paid
dialog: off. Why can't you sleazebags who
dialog: harass women take 'no' for an
dialog: answer? I mean, hey, it's never
dialog: happened to me personally...
text: Ford lifts up the tablecloth. The sleazebag fanatic is
text: not there. Ford bobs back up with a puzzled expression
text: and puts a cigarette in his mouth.
text: Ford brings out a lighter as the fanatic suddenly
text: materializes behind him. Sam grabs a huge glass candle
text: holder from one of the tables and smashes off the end of
text: it, causing a jagged edge. The band stops playing as the
text: CANDLE SIZZLES in Sam's hand.
scene_heading: SAM THE SLEAZEBAG (MAN WITH HAT)
dialog: Last... Dance... Mr. Rock-N-Roll
dialog: Detective.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (cigarette falling
dialog: from mouth)
dialog: Great.
text: Sam the Sleazebag flails the jagged candleholder at Ford,
text: who swerves away and connects with a savage kick to the
text: groin, which Sam enjoys.
scene_heading: SAM THE SLEAZEBAG
dialog: Thank you.
text: Sam swings out again, but this time connects with a
text: slash to Ford's chin. Ford is more annoyed than hurt.
text: His solemn anger stops Sam the Sleazebag in his tracks.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You're ten seconds away from the most
dialog: embarrassing moment in your life.
text: Ford launches a powerful uppercut that knocks the
text: fanatic's candleholder-holding hand up into the psycho's
text: own arm. Screaming in pain, the fanatic flees toward
text: the dance floor trying to pull out the shards. Don pipes
text: up from a nearby table.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Come on Ford, this shit's getting old.
text: Ford smiles, super-swiftly raising his arm. A gun slides
text: out of his sleeve through a sliding Taxi-Driver-style
text: apparatus, into his hand.
text: Ford FIRES up at a discotheque ball rotating above the
text: dance floor. The gunshot breaks the ball out of its
text: ceiling home and sends it swooshing down right upon the
text: Sleazebag fanatic's head, knocking him out cold.
text: Ford turns to the approaching, awed twin sisters.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Clint Eastwood... I fucked him.
text: The band cranks back up, echoing into...
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: The swank nightclub a memory, the VIEWER is now given a
text: jarring tour of Ford's lovable ratty beach house.
text: The VIEWER'S VIEWPOINT MOVES UP TO a wall where a set of
text: curtains mysteriously cover a compartment. ACROSS the
text: wall, the VIEWER sees hundreds of autographed photos of
text: various rock stars pinned to the wall in a
text: surrealistically haphazard fashion.
text: PULLING OUT A BIT, it can be seen that the hellhole is
text: packed solid with unwrapped VCRs, discarded gold records,
text: answering machines, remote controls, Walkmans, Watchmans,
dialog: cellular phones, and all sorts of other basically useless
text: goodies. Each one has a smarmy "Thanks Ford"-type note
text: tagged to it.
text: A tremendous music system adorns another wall with a pair
text: of five-foot tall speakers standing like silent sentinels.
text: Embedded in one of the amplifiers is a wall socket timer
text: clock -- two needles about to touch. The TIMER, reading
text: 3:59 p.m., WHIRS a bit and then there is a CLICK.
scene_heading: WIDE ON MUSIC SYSTEM
text: The LOUDEST MUSIC in the history of Dolby stereo BALSTS
text: out of the speakers. Dust is literally kicked up as a
text: rollicking ROCK SONG careens through the room.
speaker_heading: FORD'S BEDROOM
text: The twin sisters pop up in the bed in various states of
text: undress, their squeals of pain inaudible in the face of
text: the music. The lump in the bed between the twins jerks
text: spasmodically for a second, then calmly rises, revealing
text: itself to be Ford Fairlane, still wearing the sliding gun
text: system on his arm.
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: A ruffled Ford plods in and grabs a pack of cigarettes off
text: a vibrating speaker. He ritualistically lights up and
dialog: inhales.
text: Ford pulls back the curtains on the wall revealing a
text: carved-out compartment in the wall. Inside the space is
text: an obviously old, but still in mint condition electric
text: guitar with a picture of Jimi Hendrix propped next to it.
text: Ford closes his eyes and touches the guitar with a
dialog: religious solemnity.
text: Ford pulls the curtains and then bends down to a red
text: "Hotline"-looking phone with a quizzical expression on
text: his face. Ford picks up a remote control and zaps OFF the
text: STEREO, revealing that the PHONE is RINGING. Ford picks up.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Jesus, Jazz, I'm coming. So I'm
dialog: late. I go to work when you go
dialog: to bed.
text: Ford hangs up and wearily rises. A man who hates his
dialog: life.
scene_heading: EXT. FORD'S VENICE HOME
text: Decked out wrinkled-hip, Ford closes the front door of
text: his charmingly dilapidated home.
text: THE KID, a spiky-haired surf punk ragamuffin in a multi-
text: colored shirt over a Corona T, swerves up to Ford on a
dialog: skateboard.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Fairlane, you gonna find out who
dialog: killed the lead singer of Black
dialog: Vomit?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Tell me, Dr. Watson, what makes you
dialog: think he's not just another piece
dialog: of shit overdose.
text: Ford and The Kid, in an obliviously synchronized moment,
text: flick out a pair of sunglasses from their breast pockets
text: and put them on. They then each pull out a cigarette and
text: with a similar twist of the wrist, light it up.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Gut feeling.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'll give you a gut feeling, you
dialog: little... Hey... hey! Get that
dialog: stick out of your mouth. These
dialog: things are killers, man. Don't
dialog: you go to school, listen to Smokey
dialog: the Bear and all that...
text: Ford tears the cigarette from the Kid's mother and starts
text: to throw it away, but instead pockets it. They approach
text: Ford's dazzling blue namesake.
text: Ford SQUEAKS off the CAR ALARM with a beeper and then
text: opens up his unusually modulated trunk. Sam the
text: Sleazebag is seen huddled in a heap within. Ford tosses
text: a smashed-up Twinkie to him and recloses the trunk to
text: frenzied screams.
scene_heading: SAM THE SLEAZEBAG
dialog: You sick fuck!
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Bone appetit.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: When you going to let me work with
dialog: you? Why you always fucking with me?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Why am I what? Excuse me?
dialog: (thwacking The Kid)
dialog: I catch you saying the F-word
dialog: again. I'll kill you. That's a
dialog: fucking promise. Now get the fuck
dialog: out of here.
text: Ford gets in his car. The Kid boards around to the window.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: I got something serious to dis-cuss.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Well what is it? I'm not Kreskin.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Forget it.
text: The Kid rockets off. Ford watches with slight concern
text: then tears off, MUSIC BLARING.
scene_heading: EXT. MINI-MALL DAY
text: A two-tiered mini-mall nightmare looms ahead. The
text: exquisite eateries of SUZIE'S SUSHI DONUTS and MUY BURRITO
text: are sandwiched in on the first level with a tanning salon
text: and an adult book store.
text: The top tier is not as popular. Empty For-Rent spaces
text: surround a place that has a big plate glass window that
scene_heading: reads FORD FAIRLANE PRIVATE INVESTIGATOR.
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S OUTER OFFICE - DAY
text: Ford pushes sleazo through a door into his office.
text: JAZZ, Ford's secre-uh-assistant, sits sharp and stern in
text: a masculine business outfit and glasses behind a desk.
text: Upon the desks rests a very respectable computer.
scene_heading: SAM THE SLEAZEBAG
dialog: You can't prove shit...
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Good morning she said as the clock
dialog: struck five. I sent the Ovaries
dialog: down for food. They've been
dialog: waiting for hours...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Your tip paid off. Jazz, this is
dialog: Sam the Sleazebag. Sam the
dialog: Sleazebag, this is Jazz, my
dialog: secretary.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Assistant. And don't call me Jazz.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: All your friends call you Jazz.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Exactly.
text: Ford chuckles and a romantic whether-they-like-it-or-not
text: moment passes between them. Jazz breaks it to look under
dialog: her desk.
speaker_heading: JZAA
dialog: Hey, IN X S paid today. Their
dialog: 'payment' is around here somewhere.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: They paid? I love Australia!
dialog: What a band! Let's throw a
dialog: Foster's on the barbie and call
dialog: up me mates... Cash or check?
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You wish.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Cash or check, Jazz? Don't do
dialog: this to me.
text: The OVARIES, four young women dressed in stylishly-
text: shredded pink leather jackets, enter the office holding
dialog: burritos.
speaker_heading: OVARY ONE
dialog: Hey, Ford, little late.
speaker_heading: OVARY TWO
dialog: That's him! That's the bastard.
dialog: He flashed us at the Ampitheatre.
scene_heading: SAM THE SLEAZEBAG
dialog: I love you.
dialog: (as Mr. Hyde)
dialog: You sluts have no proof!
speaker_heading: OVARY THREE
dialog: I think I could identify it. It
text: looked like a dick. Only smaller.
text: With an authoritative, silencing cough, Ford pulls a huge
text: pair of hedge clippers from a drawer.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: We could gab about evidence and
dialog: restraining orders all day, but I
dialog: think castration is really the way
dialog: to go. May get a wee messy...
scene_heading: OVARIES & SAM THE SLEAZEBAG
dialog: What? (!)
text: Ford snaps his shears together with a giddy smile as the
text: Ovaries move toward Sam, fiercely clutching their
dialog: burritos.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: It's a new by-law for pathetic
text: jerks who harass women.
speaker_heading: OVARY FOUR
dialog: Do we get to keep it?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Of course. Every girl should
dialog: have one.
text: Ovary One reaches down O.S. and pulls down Sam's zipper.
text: Ford whooshes down with the clippers and slices. Ovary
text: One pulls up a half of a burrito.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Next time, it'll be your burrito.
text: A pure white Sam turns and runs into a wall, knocking
dialog: himself out.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I doubt he'll be hassling you
dialog: anymore, but hey, I'll save the
text: hedgeclippers anyway.
text: Ovary One takes a Rolex off her hand and gives it to Ford.
speaker_heading: OVARY ONE
dialog: Great job, Ford. Take this. As
dialog: payment. It's solid gold and
dialog: it'll make sure you're not late
dialog: for your other clients.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: No really. Money is fine.
speaker_heading: OVARY TWO
dialog: Great gift idea, Stace.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: OVARIES
dialog: 'Bye, Ford...
text: The Ovaries exit, stepping over Sam. Ford holds the
text: Rolex like it were a cancerous worm. Jazz laughs.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I do it for love.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: 'Bye Ford...' Hey, let me cheer
dialog: you up. I found the IN X S
dialog: payment.
text: Jazz pulls a live koala bear out from under her desk.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: G'day, they say it's worth three
dialog: grand...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Fucking Australians! I hate that
dialog: country, continent, what is it?
dialog: Don't we do nuclear testing there?
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Let's just declare war on the
dialog: hellhole. Before they make
dialog: Crocodile Dundee three.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Rock stars! I'm going out of my
dialog: mind. All I get are perks. I
dialog: don't make money, I make gifts.
dialog: How am I supposed to pay taxes
dialog: with bathtub compact disc players
dialog: and autographed drumsticks. I
dialog: want cash. Moulah. Wampum. Dead
dialog: Presidents. Andrew Jackson.
dialog: Gerald Ford.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: You're saying you need money.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Car insurance costs money.
dialog: Cavities cost money. Doritos cost
dialog: money. I'm gonna eat that damn
dialog: bear... come here!
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Quit crying. I think we've got a
dialog: case if we can make it through the
dialog: cavalcade of bimbos, here...
text: Jazz, using a remote, operates an answering machine on
dialog: her desk.
speaker_heading: SQUEAKY BIMBO (V.O.)
dialog: (machine)
dialog: Hi, this is Vikki, you know, Vikki.
dialog: I figured you probably washed off
dialog: my phone number before you had a...
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: (sneezing)
dialog: Bim-bo.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Cut the play by play.
speaker_heading: OBNOXIOUS D.J. (V.O.)
dialog: This Chevy Nova? Chevy Nova,
dialog: there? Huh? Huh? Johnny Crunch,
dialog: K.O.D.S. (K-odious), you schmuck?
dialog: You know the guy who had sex with
dialog: your prom date before the prom and
dialog: needless to say before he became
dialog: the hottest D.J. in the West. I
dialog: gotta case for you, man. Come
text: down to the station about six.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Johnny Pinzolo calling himself
dialog: Johnny Crunch. Knock me out. We
dialog: grew up together in Brooklyn.
dialog: Came out here to be rock stars...
dialog: Of course, he's lying about the
dialog: prom date thing, at least I hope
dialog: he is, I took his sister.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: (typically deadpan)
dialog: You're friends with the most
text: obnoxious asshole on the airwaves.
dialog: The King of the Shock Jocks. I'm,
dialog: I'm shocked.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I love you, too, baby. He wants to
dialog: meet at six. What time is it now?
text: Jazz dangles the Rolex.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Six. Take it, you need it.
text: A PHONE on Jazz's desk RINGS and Ford instantly picks it up.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: K-O-D-S is going to make me rich!
text: He suddenly pulls the receiver away from his ear as PAINFUL
text: NOISES blurt out of it: SCRE-E-E-E! BUZZ! SHSHSHSHSH!
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: That's for me... Radio contests,
dialog: really Ford, how tacky...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (brain-fried,
dialog: holding ear)
dialog: Ah -- ha... You know, you should
dialog: think about dating Earthmen again.
text: Jazz takes the phone and puts it in a modem cradle --
text: two cups that fit over each end of the phone, all hooked
text: up to her computer. The horrible COMPUTER NOISES
text: become nicely inaudible.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: So what about this watch?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Keep it. It's your paycheck this
dialog: month.
scene_heading: EXT. KODS RADIO STATION - NIGHT
text: Ford's Fairlane SCREECHES up outside a sleek building to
text: the TUNE of a nasty teenybopper ballad a la Tiffany/Debbie
dialog: Gibson.
text: Ford bounds out of his car.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO BOOTH - NIGHT
text: A needle is SCREECHED painfully across the tracks, giving
text: the teenybopper ballad a painful death...
speaker_heading: JOHNY (O.S.)
dialog: Ye-e-e-a-a-ah!
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STATION LOBBY
text: A RECEPTIONIST and a guard hold their hands over their ears
text: until the sadistic SCREECHING ENDS. Ford approaches as
text: Johnny's anything-but-dulcet TONES croak out form a SPEAKER.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (V.O.)
dialog: Nothing like a tender ballad sung
text: by a girl pretending to be a virgin.
dialog: I'm sorry, young girls should not be
dialog: out making records; they should be
dialog: in, setting records making out.
dialog: Naked. On my coffee table. Are
dialog: you offended? Well, slurp this...
text: A ROCK SONG spews from the SPEAKER...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'm here to see Johnny.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Lucky you. Arnie... Mr. Crunch
dialog: has a lot of fans who hate his
dialog: guts.
text: Arnie, the guard, slams Ford to the desk and begins
text: frisking.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Oh, Arnie, sometimes when we
dialog: touch, the honesty's too much.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO BOOTH
text: Ford moves into the station booth and takes a seated
text: position behind his ranting friend, JOHNNY CRUNCH, re-
text: vealed to be a sweating, scraggly monster.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: And don't forget, if we call and
dialog: you answer the phone 'K-O-D-S is
dialog: going to make me rich,' you could
dialog: win a cool million. Sexually
dialog: transmittable disease jokes are
dialog: coming up next hour so go get your
dialog: mom. Better yet, I'll get her...
text: Johnny punches some buttons and wields around to Ford,
text: TURNING DOWN his MONITORS.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I don't believe it. Getting paid
dialog: to be the asshole you always were.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Fucking amazing, huh? Chevy Nova,
dialog: you Bensonhurst shit! Still in
dialog: La-la land. Look at us, two
dialog: rock 'n' roll dicks. Unfortunately,
dialog: only one of us is a detective.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Nice getting all those phone calls
dialog: from you after you hit it big,
dialog: you Redhook bastard.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I don't remember any Arbor Day
dialog: cards from Mr. Rock 'n' Roll
dialog: Detective.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Friendship's a lot different
dialog: out here. A wrong number is a
dialog: relationship. But then this
dialog: isn't a social call.
text: Johnny pulls out a snapshot and gives it to Ford. It's
text: a picture of Zuzu from the opening scene, blowing Ford
text: and the viewer a kiss. Ford fondles it as Johnny gets
text: up to pour two cups of Styrofoam.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: How nice.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: It's my daughter, man. I know I
dialog: never told you about her, but God,
dialog: I love that girl. She calls herself
dialog: Zuzu Petals and she's been swallowed
dialog: up by the gorgeous hell that is L.A.
dialog: A fucking groupie partying with the
dialog: pros. You have to get my baby back,
dialog: she's my pride and --
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: 'Bye, Johnny...
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ENGINEER (V.O.)
dialog: Dead air, Johnny...
text: Johnny grabs the microphone and squeals into it...
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Will you people leave me alone!
dialog: I'm contemplating my life and you
dialog: just won't stop listening! Here's
dialog: five in a row played at the wrong
dialog: speed.
text: Johnny punches some buttons and spins angrily to Ford.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: So...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I don't take cases with foundations
dialog: in bullshit. They are very hard to
dialog: walk around in.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Just find her, man. She's my
dialog: daughter, she's my sister, she's
dialog: my mother, she's some little brat
dialog: I stood in line with at Taco Bell
dialog: last week. Do whatever you want
dialog: with my words. And my money.
text: Johnny pulls out an envelope and opens it up to the soft
text: sound of a CHOIR OF ANGELS.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I am told it is difficult to pay
dialog: the phone bill with gold chains
dialog: and V.C.R.s. There's four
dialog: thousand here.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Zuzu Petals. Sounds like a drug.
dialog: A lethal one.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I hope you solve the case and
dialog: I know you will, because you're
dialog: the best. Ford, guys like you
dialog: don't grow on trees.
text: Johnny and Ford raise their Styrofoam cups. This is
text: an old joke between them.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Here's to you...
speaker_heading: FORD AND JOHNNY
dialog: ... sucking my dick.
text: Laughing away, Ford reaches for the envelope. An unsmil-
text: ing Johnny pulls it back and takes out a couple of bills.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: No dessert until you've finished
dialog: dinner.
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S FAIRLANE - NIGHT
text: Packed with all the perks of his job, such as a car
text: phone and a compact disc player, the interior of Ford's
text: Fairlane is pretty jawdropping. A FEEBLE WOMAN'S VOICE
text: comes through the RADIO.
speaker_heading: FEEBLE WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Johnny, why can't you play
dialog: different kinds of music?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (V.O.)
dialog: I think the real question here,
dialog: ma'am, is 'Are you wearing
dialog: panties?' A-a-a-h!
text: The grisly SOUND EFFECT of a woman being sawed in half
text: by a CHAINSAW comes over the RADIO. An exasperated Ford
text: turns it OFF with a remote control. He grumbles, toward
text: the passenger seat.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Why did I take it? Because he's
dialog: my friend. But I never liked the
dialog: bastard. Why did I say yes? Four
dialog: thousand reasons. Right, buddy?
text: The koala bear is revealed to be in the passenger seat,
text: snugly behind a seat belt, patiently taking in Ford's
dialog: complaints.
scene_heading: EXT. VARIOUS SIZZLING L.A. SIGHTS
text: To the chords of a corrosive ROCK-RAP TUNE, the VIEWER
text: and Ford's Fairlane GLIDES BY various hot spots such as
text: the Frolic Room, City Restaurant, and the Hard Rock Cafe
text: with its embedded Cadillac.
scene_heading: EXT. CROWD OUTSIDE ROXY
text: Ford weaves through the high-hair-headed crowd in front
text: of the Roxy. He shows Zuzu's picture to various shaking
dialog: heads.
scene_heading: INT. CONCERT STAGE
text: The corrosive song is now seen being belted out live by
text: an all-black hard rock-rap outfit. Ford can be seen
text: offstage showing a roadie Zuzu's picture.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE AREA - NIGHT
text: Ford breaks up a game of Lacrosse between some debauched
text: British rockers and some nubile girls. All are wearing
text: Lacrosse helmets and holding Lacrosse equipment.
text: The nubile girls take off their helmets. The girls all
text: seem to resemble Zuzu, but the real thing is not to be
dialog: found.
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S FAIRLANE
text: Ford crosses a name from a list of bars, clubs, and
text: concert halls rubber-banded to his visor, mumbling to his
dialog: koala bear.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: There are 5,000 private
dialog: investigators in L.A. It made
dialog: sense to specialize. Why did I
dialog: pick the music industry? Why not
dialog: fishermen? Fishermen get up,
dialog: fish, sell the fish, then go to
dialog: bed so they can get up and fish.
dialog: How hard can the cases be: 'Ford,
dialog: somebody switched the lures in
dialog: my fucking tackle box.' 'Ford,
dialog: my bait's been sabotaged.'
text: Ford turns back ON his RADIO in disgruntlement.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (V.O.)
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: Well, it's time to sign off. I
dialog: know I get on the radio and say
dialog: a lot of harsh things but I want
dialog: you to know, deep down, I hate
dialog: you, each and every one of you,
dialog: so until tomorrow, burn in...
text: A GUNSHOT is heard.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (V.O.)
dialog: Oh, my god, somebody just shot
dialog: my engineer! Oh, hey, they're
dialog: doing something with my mike!
dialog: Hey, I'm being electrocuted!
dialog: And it hurts!
text: Ford pulls up to the radio station, chuckling at Johnny's
text: histrionics. He turns OFF the RADIO and gets out of
dialog: the car.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STATION LOBBY
text: Ford walks into the radio station still smiling at
text: Johnny's screaming. The lights in the radio station
text: lobby are frantically blinking on and off. Putting two
text: and two together, Ford stops smiling. He rushes to the
text: reception desk.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Call the police! Johnny's being
dialog: electrocuted!
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Oh, please. He's just doing one
dialog: of his little jokes...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Look at the lights...
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (V.O.)
dialog: (on speaker)
dialog: Oh-fucking-shit-my-Christ-I'm-
dialog: dying!
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Hey, he can't say 'oh-fucking-
dialog: shit-my-Christ-I'm-dying' over
dialog: the air!
text: Ford pushes past the guard.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO BOOTH
text: Ford bursts into the radio booth. On the ground, with a
text: bullet in his head, is the Engineer. Ford crashes through
text: another set of doors and there, SPARKS EXPLODING out of his
text: face and arms, is a sizzling, screaming Johnny Crunch.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO BOOTH - LATER
text: Cops, DETECTIVES and coroner flunkies zip back and forth
text: with a dazed Ford acting as the eye of the hurricane,
text: gravely contemplating the charred statue that was once
dialog: his Brooklyn buddy.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: Well, I hope this guy signed your
dialog: yearbook because it looks like your
dialog: friendship, and your case, is closed.
text: An assistant pulls a burnt envelope from Johnny's body,
text: filled with charred cash. Ford watches in pain.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I think I'm going to cry.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: (patting Ford)
dialog: Crying's good, Ford. Crying's good.
text: Commotion outside the booth becomes audible as the flashy,
text: obnoxious LT. AMOS makes an entrance. He has made a
text: horrible attempt at dressing stylish. His tie is notably
dialog: nasty.
scene_heading: DETECTIVE AND FORD
dialog: Hoh shit.
text: Ford looks away to the side of a console. He sees a 45
text: rpm sleeve. It is blank except for some handwriting; the
text: name ART MOONEY, followed by a drawn star. Ford quickly
dialog: nabs it...
speaker_heading: LT. AMOS
dialog: How'd Mr. Rock 'n' Roll Detective
dialog: boogie his way in here? Anybody...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: He discovered the body, Lt. Amos,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Nice tie, Lt. Anus, sir.
speaker_heading: LT. AMOS
dialog: You think you're so hot just
dialog: because you can get into any club.
dialog: You think you're so hot, just
dialog: because you have sex with great-
dialog: looking women. You think you're
dialog: so hot just because you broke the
dialog: Ensenada tape piracy ring...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You gotta admit those are all
dialog: pretty great reasons...
speaker_heading: LT. AMOS
dialog: Get the fuck out of here, honey...
dialog: What do we got?
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: This guy was hated by everyone.
dialog: He offended every race, religion,
dialog: and sexual preference imaginable.
dialog: He even said the Lakers suck.
dialog: So basically we're looking at
dialog: everyone from the Glendale
dialog: Skinheads to Magic Johnson.
text: Ford tries to ease out of the booth.
speaker_heading: LT. AMOS
dialog: What are you running from?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Why shucks, Lt. Anus, you told
dialog: me to get the fuck out of here...
speaker_heading: LT. AMOS
dialog: If you're hiding something... oh,
dialog: oh, I'll have so much fun.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Why do you hate me? It's gotta be
dialog: more than Me Private You, You Cop.
speaker_heading: LT. AMOS
dialog: (a beat)
text: Two words. Disco Express.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Disco Ex -- man, that group sucked
dialog: like a squid, they had some shitty
dialog: single they wanted me to plug,
dialog: back in my publicist days...
speaker_heading: LT. AMOS
dialog: 'Booty Time.'
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Yeah, and that lead singer, Jesus,
dialog: that white Van McCoy wanna-be
text: with the six-inch platform shoes.
dialog: He looked...
speaker_heading: LT. AMOS
dialog: Like me.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I was about to say he looked like
dialog: shit, but hey, sure, he looked
dialog: like you.
speaker_heading: LT. AMOS
dialog: 'It's booty time, it's booty time,
dialog: across the U.S.A. It's booty time...'
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You were the lead sing --
dialog: Lieutenant, I didn't think anyone
dialog: could cheer me up tonight...
dialog: Thanks. Really.
text: A laughing Ford squeezes Lt. Amos's shoulder and walks
dialog: away...
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH BEHIND FORD'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A smoking Ford stands starkly, wailing with his guitar in
text: cathartic quasi-Hendrixian blasts, ruining a perfectly
text: nice MUSICAL SEGUE ON the SOUNDTRACK.
text: He looks down to picture, nailed to the fence before him,
text: of a young Ford and Johnny doing silly rock star poses.
text: Young Ford holds a cheap guitar while Johnny clutches a
text: pair of drumsticks.
text: Ford presses the cigarette against the photo, setting it a-
text: fire and then resumes his "playing." The Kid rolls up on
text: his skateboard, holding his ears, breaking into Ford's solo.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Ouch.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Hey, you, get off my cloud. I'm
dialog: talking to my friend. 1962 Fender
dialog: Stratocaster with original
text: humbucking pick-ups, maple neck,
text: strung upside down for a left-
dialog: handed motherfucking genius...
dialog: Jimi Hendrix.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Who cares? I got a case.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Twelve pack?
text: The Kid holds up a bunch of wadded-up money.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: This ain't no social call. One
dialog: hundred bucks. To find my father.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (looking up to God)
dialog: Did he just say what I think he
dialog: said?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: I've got a clue. Look at my ring.
dialog: Before my old lady ran off to
dialog: Baja, she told me my dad had this
dialog: same ring.
text: The Kid holds out his hand. A ring of Snoopy in his
text: fighter pilot outfit is attached to his hand. A couple
text: of notes of "Snoopy and the Red Baron" play on the
dialog: soundtrack.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Holy Colonel Mustard. Gosh, you
dialog: didn't mention the big clue...
dialog: Kid, I can't take your money.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: You need it.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I don't need it that bad.
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S PLACE - NEXT DAY
text: Ford snores away on his couch, holding his guitar. The
text: koala bear sleeps beside him. The DOORBELL RINGS. And
text: AGAIN. Ford's eyes pop open to a pile of wadded up
text: money on his coffee table.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I don't believe it. I took the
dialog: money.
text: He meanders to the door like a Cocoon II cast member and
text: opens the door. COLLEEN SUTTON stands in a striking pose
text: at the door. Behind her in the street is a blue limousine
text: and a driver.
text: The very attractive Colleen belongs to the genre of rich
dialog: people that has seen it all, every piece of decadence
text: perpetuated. Nothing fazes her, even the chilling sight
text: of a just-woke-up Ford.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: Ford Fairlane, I'm Colleen Sutton
dialog: and I need your help. I have a
dialog: problem and it pertains to the
dialog: music industry. What is it they
dialog: call you? Mr. Rock and...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Don't say it. Orange juice?
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: Please.
text: Ford takes a carton of orange juice from the coffee table.
text: He shakes it and then pours into a pretty used-looking
text: glass also from the coffee table. He hands it to the
text: deadpan Colleen.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Sorry about the glass. And the
dialog: house. And the breath.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: Mr. Fairlane, I'm very rich. The
dialog: kind of rich that warps minds.
dialog: Nothing offends me. When I was
dialog: eleven, I walked in on my father
dialog: and the Shetland pony he had
dialog: given me for my tenth birthday.
dialog: Does that excite you?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I don't know, I never met your
dialog: father.
text: Colleen looks down to Ford's crotch. Ford does the
text: same and then raises his head with a laugh.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Oh, that! Don't take it personally.
dialog: He always wakes up before I do.
dialog: Down boy! Roseanne Barr naked!
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: Who's your decorator?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Some fag. Charged me up the ass.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: Fag? Ass? I'm sorry, is that a
dialog: joke?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Poor taste. I know. Listen, I
dialog: respect homosexuals. When I was
dialog: young, my maid was a homosexual.
dialog: (after the silence)
dialog: My maid was a homosexual.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: I don't have a sense of humor,
dialog: either. Sorry.
text: Incredibly LOUD MUSIC BLASTS through the room. Colleen
text: splashes orange juice all over herself, undulating in a
text: wacky, Martin Shortesque double take. Ford remotes off
text: his alarm. Colleen regains her composure with a big
text: orange juice stain.
text: They sit upon the couch, the dozing koala between them.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Now that we've broken the ice...
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: I need you to find my little sister.
dialog: She goes by the name Zuzu...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Zuzu Petals. You want me to
dialog: rescue her from the gorgeous hell
dialog: that is L.A.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: But how did you know? Here,
dialog: take this picture...
text: Colleen holds out the picture of Zuzu blowing a kiss.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: No thanks. I carry my own.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Let's see, you're her worried
dialog: sister. Yesterday I met her
dialog: worried father who incidentally was
dialog: about five years younger than you.
dialog: In fact, I capped off the evening
text: by watching him get electrocuted.
dialog: They talk about cases like this in
dialog: the private eye handbook...
text: something about a ten-foot pole.
text: Speechless, Colleen pulls out a thick envelope.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: Five thousand should be enough
dialog: to assuage any qualms you have
dialog: about my family tree.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Yeah, but of course for now,
dialog: I only get a twenty.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: Actually, you may take it all now.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Oh... I have some questions.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: I have no answers. Thanks for the
dialog: stain. Find the girl. In the
dialog: envelope are tickets to the Dorothy
dialog: Chandler. We'll chat again, then.
text: Ford gives a glance to the table and the 45 sleeve with
text: Art Mooney's name and the star on it.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Ah, the Dorothy Chandler. I was
dialog: just there with my good friend Art
dialog: Mooney the other night...
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Nuthin'.
text: Colleen makes a graceful exit. Ford pauses to get his
text: bearings then picks up his red hotline phone.
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S OFFICE
text: Again decked out in an aggressively conservative business
text: outfit, Jazz picks up the phone and breaks character.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: K-O-D-S is going to make me rich...
dialog: Uh, Ford, aren't we frisky this
text: morning. It's only four o'clock.
dialog: I guess the early bird gets wormed...
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S HOUSE
text: Ford cuts her off.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Quiet. Tell me you tapped in the
dialog: police computer and found out lots
dialog: of good stuff about Art Mooney...
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S OFFICE
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: I found a lot of Art Mooneys.
dialog: None with a police record, though.
dialog: Not even Synchronicity. Have you
dialog: checked out Johnny Pinzolo/Crunch's
dialog: houseboat yet?
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S HOUSE
text: Ford pours milk on a bowl of Fruit Loops for the now-
text: awake koala bear, who fumbles a spoon.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Tonight after I see Don.
dialog: Some Beverly Hillbilly just hired
dialog: me to find you-know-fucking-who.
dialog: Name's Colleen Sutton.
speaker_heading: JAZZ (V.O.)
dialog: Spooky. I'll process her.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (pulling tickets
dialog: from envelope)
dialog: Cool. Jazz, meet me at the
dialog: Dorothy Chandler Pavilion tonight.
dialog: I'll have a ticket for you at the
dialog: door. Some concert. Could be
dialog: interesting. Dress nice.
scene_heading: INT. MIXING BOOTH - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Don Cleveland, the suave black producer from the club, sits
text: behind a large mixing board along with engineers and mixers.
text: A passable tune with ghoulish VOCALS is FILTERED into the
text: booth. As Don speaks, Ford stands behind him, staring
text: through the glass at the source of the wretched music.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: I haven't seen her around, and as
dialog: for who would want to kill Johnny
text: Crunch, line forms to the left.
dialog: You'd find less people on our
dialog: planet who wanted him alive.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (in a trance;
dialog: to the glass)
dialog: Great pipes.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO
text: Don laughs as the viewer gets a look at KYLE TROY, a
text: very young pretty-boy whose non-singing is matched by
dialog: his non-guitar-playing ability.
text: A number of studio musicians valiantly try to make some-
text: thing out of the song they're playing.
scene_heading: INT. MIXING BOOTH
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I've heard cars fuck with more
dialog: harmony.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Tell me about it.
dialog: Name's Kyle Troy. Can't we bring
dialog: up the bass.
speaker_heading: MIXER
dialog: It's up as far as it can go. Any
dialog: more tricks and we're not going to
dialog: be able to hear his voice at all.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Don't tempt me.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: How could Grendel Records sign such
dialog: a wick-prick? I guess Julian
dialog: Grendel really is deaf as a
dialog: fucking doorknob. I hear Ray
dialog: Charles is going to head up the
dialog: video division.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Actually that's rather an
dialog: intriguing idea...
text: Everyone' face drops. Behind Ford stands the charis-
text: matic JULIAN GRENDEL. Julian laughs, allowing the others
text: to do so. He shakes Ford's hand, motioning to the
text: mixing booth window.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Good to meet you, Mr. Fairlane.
dialog: Your mouth makes quite a
dialog: reflection. I'm Julian Grendel.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Boing. You're one hell of a lip
dialog: reader.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: (comically motioning
dialog: down to his tie)
dialog: Why thank you. It's a Christmas
dialog: present.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: That was my sense of humor,
dialog: everyone. I wish you would fake
dialog: a laugh. It's easy with a deaf
dialog: person.
text: Grendel mimics a vivid but silent belly-laugh. Ford
text: chuckles.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I knew your father. He was quite...
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: An asshole? A swine? A ballistic
dialog: turd? Pick one.
dialog: (with a laugh)
dialog: I never knew what a blessing my
dialog: accident was until he died and I
dialog: had to take over the company. You
dialog: see the music is irrelevant in this
dialog: industry. I'm going to have to ship
dialog: this 'wick-prick' platinum just so
dialog: teenage girls can have a compact
dialog: disc cover to get wet with.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Julian's happy as long as he
text: doesn't see glass shatter.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (motioning to the
dialog: yelping Kyle)
dialog: I never thought I'd be jealous of
dialog: your handicap... Sorry to hear
dialog: about Bobby Vomit.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Terrible thing, but good career
dialog: move. His record sales have gone
dialog: way up. I'll just have to create
text: a new Black Vomit.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I was just discussing this whole
dialog: Vomit thing with my friend Art
dialog: Mooney. Do you know him?
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Nope.
text: Kyle finally finishes off his classic tune and gives the
text: booth a thumbs-up sign and a smile.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: What's that asshole smiling about?
dialog: (into a microphone)
dialog: That was fantastic, man. Let's
dialog: just try it one more time.
dialog: (clicking off
dialog: microphone)
dialog: Well, sorry, Ford, I couldn't help
dialog: you. Uh, Ford.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO
text: Ford bursts through the door. Everybody stops playing.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Guys, guys, please.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Yo, what's the hassle?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You're killing rock and raping
text: roll. Keith Richard's rolling in
dialog: his grave and the poor bastard
dialog: ain't even dead yet. You're
dialog: tearing me apart! Rock 'n' roll
dialog: is, is...
text: Ford starts snapping his fingers -- looking around --
text: snap snap -- Kyle Troy frowns -- snap snap -- a couple
text: of the band members nod.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I got a '65 Cadillac.
dialog: (snap, snap)
dialog: Spare time on the back...
text: The bass player jumps in -- BUM BUM.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Charge cord to Goldblatts.
dialog: (snap, snap)
dialog: But I ain't got you.
text: Kyle pouts -- the drummer kicks in.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I got women to the right of me...
dialog: I got women to the left of me...
dialog: I got chicks all around me...
dialog: But I ain't got you.
text: The rhythm guitarist and keyboardist join the jam. The
text: band is heating up -- playing louder -- Don and the
text: boys in the booth are bopping their heads to the beat.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I gotta a pocket full of crumpled
dialog: bills,
dialog: I gotta stomach full of different
dialog: pills,
dialog: I got Fanny Fox and Wilba Mills,
dialog: But I ain't got you.
text: The band suddenly kicks into a rousing instrumental
text: break of Calvin Carter's "I Ain't Got You." Ford gets
text: wicked with the mike stand.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: But I ain't got you...
speaker_heading: BAND
dialog: But I ain't got you...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: No, I ain't got you...
speaker_heading: BAND
dialog: No, I ain't got you...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I said, I ain't got you...
speaker_heading: BAND
dialog: I said, I ain't got you...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I ain't -- got -- you.
text: -- And with a quick wave, everyone cuts off. Ford turns
text: to a very put-off Kyle Troy and grins.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Now, that's entertainment.
scene_heading: INT. MIXING BOOTH
text: Ford whisks through -- nods to Don:
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Have a copy of that sent to me,
dialog: will ya?
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Right away!
text: Don cracks up as Ford makes his exit.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAYS OUTSIDE STUDIO
text: A pleased-with-himself Ford bounds from his studio. He
text: comes across an eerie sight in the hallway -- Two men in
text: GUNSLINGER coats over Armani suits. One is a black mohawked
text: PUNK and the other is a highhairheaded HEAVY METALER.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You guys part of a band?
speaker_heading: PUNK GUNSLINGER
dialog: (contemptuously amused)
dialog: ... Sure. Our name is Pain.
text: Ford fakes a smile. The duo snort and sneer as he walks
dialog: off.
scene_heading: EXT. GLOOMY MARINA - NIGHT
text: Ford's Fairlane pulls up before a pretty ominous marina.
text: Boars are eerily moored with no sign of human beings.
scene_heading: EXT. PIER - NIGHT
text: Ford creeps across the pier. He puts the finishing
text: touches on his arm-to-hand sliding gun apparatus before
text: looking to a nice-sized but inherently tacky boat from
text: which an eerie ROCK SONG spookily emits. The bow reads:
scene_heading: THE MIGHTY PENIS.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I wonder which boat's Johnny's?
scene_heading: EXT. DECK OF MIGHTY PENIS - NIGHT
text: Ford comes onto the deck of Mighty Penis. He glances
text: around before descending below to follow the siren call
text: of the eerie MUSIC.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN
text: Ford comes down and turns on some bizarrely hued lights
text: revealing a literally rocking bachelor pad from hell com-
text: plete with a scary rack of dildos and an inflatable doll
text: that floats above a neon ME sign. Ford goes past a wall
text: that has cut out quasi-nude shots of breasts and buttocks.
speaker_heading: FORD
text: The love boat is making another
dialog: run...
text: He then makes a glance to another picture on the wall.
text: It is the same young-and-wanna-be-rock-stars picture
dialog: of Johnny and Ford that Ford viewed earlier.
text: Ford sadly blinks before looking to a gun rack on the
text: wall that holds three shotguns. Ford wobbles over to
text: an entertainment system set up next to the rack. He
text: turns OFF the eerie rocker on the STEREO. A video
text: cassette marked "Collie and Me" lies on an adjoining
text: VCR. Ford puts the tape in.
speaker_heading: TAPE
text: The TAPE WHIRS on to show Johnny kneeling on his heart-
text: shaped bed in a comical schoolboy outfit and a dunce cap.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (V.O.)
dialog: (on video)
dialog: Where's my Queen Collie? I need
dialog: some order!
text: Colleen Sutton comes on the screen in killer black lin-
text: gerie and wearing a paper Burger King crown. She steps
text: threateningly toward the bed, carrying a scepter.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN (V.O.)
dialog: (on video)
dialog: Queen Collie is here.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN
text: Ford snaps OFF the TV.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: This is why I have cable.
text: Ford steps over to a closet and opens the door. And
text: there's a smiling guy in a psychedelic tie-dye shirt
text: standing inside. Ford quickly closes the door -- and
text: BAM -- a hand crashes through the door and latches on to
text: Ford's neck. Ford beats off the arm.
text: Ka-blam! The smiling guy kicks the door off its hinges.
text: Meet SMILEY: He's muscular, and seems mean, despite the
dialog: fact he has a ponytail, wears sandals, nice black gloves,
text: and has a damn smile that never ever leaves his face.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: How's it going?
text: Smiley's fist swooshes at Ford's head. Ford's hand whips
text: out of nowhere and grabs the fist in midair.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You're ten seconds away from the
dialog: most embarrass --
text: Crunch! Smiley punches Ford across the jaw with his left jaw!
text: Ford's body careens into a dresser. He bolts up and as
text: he did so wow-ly in his opening scene, super-swiftly raises
text: his arm. Only this time the gun doesn't slide out.
text: Ford feebly tries to reach in his sleeve to retrieve the
text: gun but crack! Smiley strikes again. Ford runs to the
text: gun rack and tries to pull out a shotgun, but it is locked.
text: Panicked, Ford yanks the entire gun rack off the wall as
text: Smiley latches on with a nasty bear hug. Ford FIRES off a
text: wild BLAST from one of the still-in-the-rack GUNS.
text: The shotgun blast demolishes a Playboy centerfold and
text: causes a BLAST of WATER to whoosh out from her remains.
text: Smiley moves into a strangling mode while Ford's hands
text: move down to the next gun on the rack. Another BLAST
text: BURSTS a hole in the other WALL.
text: Ford FIRES OFF yet another one into the floor below him
text: causing a devastating geyser that allows him to break
text: away from Smiley.
text: Water is amusingly blasting out from every angle. Ford
text: and Smiley battle semi-obliviously to this new added
text: element of nature. The water rises above their knees.
text: Ford spins around and grabs the TV off the still-standing
text: home entertainment center. He SMASHES it upon Smiley's
text: head, submerging him into the water which is now at
text: Ford's waist. Ford frantically scans the water like a
text: shark attack victim, but Smiley does not emerge.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Marco...
text: Ford quickly wades to the stairs...
scene_heading: EXT. MIGHTY PENIS
dialog: is sinking pretty fast.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK
text: Ford collapses onto the damp deck with a gasp. The
text: entire lower level of the boat is underwater. Ford works
text: himself into a standing position as Smiley ferociously
text: resurrects from out of decktop windowcase.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Polo.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Whatever you're getting paid, I
dialog: can give you twenty, maybe thirty
dialog: bucks more.
text: Smiley does a savage medley of punches across Ford's
text: gut before slapping him into the deck rail. WATER
text: SPLASHES onto the deck as the boat goes into death
text: throes. Ford ungracefully makes a clinging jump onto...
speaker_heading: FLY BRIDGE
text: Ford beaches himself on the tippy top of the boat.
text: Smiley effortlessly pops up and moves around behind
text: Ford's head.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Had enough?
text: Smiley laughs as he places his thumb behind Ford's earlobe
text: at Ford's jawline. This hurts... The fly bridge is the
text: only part of the boat above water.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Feel my thumb? I keep it there
text: forty seconds more and a welt
dialog: develops cutting off the oxygen
dialog: to your brain. I leave. Twenty-
dialog: one minutes later, you're dead.
dialog: The slowest, most painful minutes
dialog: a person can experience.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I guess you never saw 'A Very
dialog: Brady Christmas.'
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (squeezing tighter)
dialog: Case closed, okay? Thirty seconds.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Fine!
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: What's fine?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'm off it!
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Off what? Twenty seconds...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: The case!
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Oh. One more thing. This is
dialog: personal. I want you to tell me
dialog: you're a big sissy.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I. Am. The. Biggest. Sissy.
dialog: In. The. Whole. Fucking. World.
text: Smiley removes his thumb, pats Ford on the head, and then
text: proceeds to exuberantly backstroke away. A job well done.
text: Ford's torso is the only thing above water. His sliding
text: gun apparatus pings to life. The gun finally slides into
text: his hand. Ford snorts and shakes his head as he dis-
text: appears below the water.
scene_heading: INT. DOROTHY CHANDLER PAVILION LOBBY - NIGHT
text: The elite of Los Angeles, with impeccable tuxedoes and
text: gowns to prove it, grandly stream into a large
dialog: auditorium.
text: Ford, holding a plastic bag of party ice over his face,
text: stumbles through the pavilion doors in a wrinkled tuxedo.
text: The ice bag breaks, sending ice and water down Ford's
text: shirt. Various snooty patrons turn to harrumph, includ-
text: ing Colleen, who does a double take when she realizes who
text: she is harrumphing at.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: My God, Mr. Fairlane, you look
dialog: like the Fall of Saigon.
speaker_heading: FORD
text: Colleen and Johnny, sitting in a
dialog: tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g...
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: Uh, let's go sit down.
text: A couple of gasps rise up out of the patrons around them.
text: Ford and Colleen feel the breeze of heads turning all
text: around them. They turn to see what everybody is looking
dialog: at.
text: What they are looking at is Jazz! Gone are her glasses
text: and businesslike dress. She stands at the inside
text: entrance of the pavilion in a tight, low-at-the-top-
text: high-at-the-bottom black leather mini-dress.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (catching his
dialog: breath)
dialog: Excuse me...
text: Jazz squints at the crowd trying to find Ford, who is
text: quickly coming right towards her.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Hey, Jazz, I told you to dress
dialog: 'nice' not nice. What, did you
dialog: think this was a date?
text: Ford looks to Jazz's grim face. Yes, that's what she
dialog: thought.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Sorry, Jazz. After this, I'll throw
dialog: a burger down your throat, okay?
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: You're a fucking gentleman. What
dialog: do you want from me?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: This Colleen Sutton woman I'm with.
dialog: If she flees me to go powder her
dialog: whatever, I need you to keep tabs...
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: Ford, they're starting.
text: Colleen strolls back from where she came. Ford back-
text: pedals to catch up with her.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You going to be okay?
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Go on, 'they're stahting.'
scene_heading: INT. BALLET AUDITORIUM
text: Male dancers wearing incredibly tight outfits that leave
text: nothing to the imagination prance and move across the
dialog: stage.
text: Ford and Colleen take in the spectacle before them. They
text: speak in whispers.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: So you know about Johnny Crunch
dialog: and myself.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (looking to the
dialog: dancers)
dialog: I'm sorry, that's gotta be a pair
text: of tube socks he has down there.
speaker_heading: BALLET PATRON
dialog: (in back)
dialog: Shh.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: You want off the case, don't you?
speaker_heading: BALLERINA
text: with absurdly graphic nipples pirouettes.
text: Ford mimes his eye being poked out.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Ouch... Of course I want off the
dialog: case. Some monster from Woodstock
dialog: tried and succeeded in killing me
dialog: tonight. The fact I'm alive's
dialog: a technicality.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: So you...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Listen, Queen Collie, I have a code.
dialog: I never, ever, drop a case. Besides,
dialog: I, uh, used all your money to pay
dialog: my bills, so I kinda owe you.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: Nonsense. After what you've been
dialog: through, it sounds like I owe you.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (to stage)
dialog: They did one of these about my ex-
dialog: wife. It's called 'The Nutcracker.'
dialog: (after the silence;
dialog: enunciating)
dialog: 'The Nut-crack-er'... I don't need
dialog: money. I need some questions
dialog: answered.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: I'll do my best.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Question one: Can I have some
dialog: money? Kidding. Why didn't you
dialog: tell me about you and Johnny? You
dialog: two were into something even more
dialog: dangerous than sex, weren't you?
dialog: Who? What? Where? How? Now.
text: Colleen looks out to the two Armani Gunslingers, Punk and
text: Metal, looming by the exit.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: Jonathan was such a beautiful man.
dialog: No one knew him like I did...
dialog: Excuse me. I can't do this now.
dialog: I'll call you tomorrow.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Thanks for the information.
dialog: Appreciate it.
text: Colleen mock-whimpers into the aisle. Ford turns to a dig-
text: nified woman seated next to him and motions to the stage.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: That guy gets an erection, he
dialog: gives himself a black eye. I
dialog: mean, you can see him coming
text: around a corner and still have
dialog: time to comb your hair.
speaker_heading: BALLET PATRON
dialog: Will you please be quiet.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: He'll be telling that joke tomorrow.
text: The dignified woman laughs and Ford smiles at her laugh.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER
text: Colleen strides out of the auditorium and purposefully
text: veers down the hall, into the ladies' room.
text: From a seated position at the other end of the hall, Jazz
text: frenetically pops up and pushes on her glasses. She clacks
text: after Colleen, into the ladies' room as well.
scene_heading: INT. DOROTHY CHANDLER PAVILION LOBBY
text: Balletgoers stream into the lobby for the post-ballet re-
text: ception. Ford meanders out with the buzzing crowd, a
text: couple patrons taking notice of his wrinkled attire. Ford
text: blazes a Marlboro Gold as a SNOOTY NON-SMOKER who got a
text: snide closeup earlier in the segment, points to a "Yes, I
dialog: mind if you smoke" button on his lapel.
scene_heading: SNOOTY NON-SMOKER
dialog: Can you read... 'smoker'?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Can you whistle 'Man in the Mirror'
dialog: out your ass... 'snapperhead'?
scene_heading: SNOOTY NON-SMOKER
dialog: Hey, don't be a pottymouth. I
dialog: just don't want cancer.
text: As Ford speaks, he takes a rubberband and attaches it to
text: a lighter in a way that keeps the flame lit. He then
text: places it in the Non-Smoker's tuxedo pocket.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You know, you're right, sir, and
dialog: I'm sorry. I thought I lived in a
dialog: country where you were free to do
dialog: any stupid thing you wanted; drive
dialog: to work naked, make love to a
dialog: V.C.R., but hey, you reminded me I
dialog: live in a hell where any sperm like
dialog: you can stab me in the heart with
dialog: these things called opinions, just
dialog: because you have them.
text: The Non-Smoker weakly smiles, his jacket starting to smoke.
scene_heading: SNOOTY NON-SMOKER
dialog: It's okay. It's okay, guy. Smoke all
dialog: you want. Here, have one of mine...
text: The Non-Smoker fumbles out a pack of cigarettes from his
text: literally smoking jacket and then bolts away.
text: An hors d'oeuvres tray cruises by. Ford grabs something
text: on a toothpick and casually shoves possibly the worst
dialog: thing he's ever tasted in his life into his mouth. Ford
text: doesn't chew -- he just looks around for someplace to
text: spit it out just as Julian Grendel approaches.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Well, hello, Ford.
speaker_heading: FORD
scene_heading: Mmmmmmm. Mmmm, mmm.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: I must say you're an island of
text: reality in an ocean of diarrhea.
text: Jazz excitedly approaches Ford and Grendel. Ford grabs
text: her and deeply kisses her. Ford pulls back and addresses
text: Jack in his normal voice. Meanwhile, Jazz's face turns
text: color, her mouth trying to deal with the most disgusting
dialog: transferal of an hors d'oeuvre in film history.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: And it's good to see you, Julian.
dialog: This is my assistant, Jazz.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
scene_heading: Mmmmmmm. Mmmm, mmm.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: So what did you think of the ballet?
dialog: Was it like a warm Ice Capades?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Yeah, I did, you condescending fuck,
dialog: but I miss Snoopy coming out at the
dialog: end. Isn't your enjoyment impaired?
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Don't worry I can run every ballet
dialog: note for note in my brain...
text: Jazz swallows, her eyes bulging with delicate agony.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: What, were you one of those brilliant
dialog: child prahdigies who was writing
dialog: baroque operas while the other kids
dialog: were fingerpainting Mr. Greenjeans...
text: Julian winces in pain, and then smiles...
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Something like that... Let's talk
dialog: business. I think someone is
dialog: trying to rip my company off.
dialog: I've tried the Yellow Pages, now I
dialog: think it's your turn...
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: (with Linda Blair's
dialog: Exorcist voice)
dialog: If you'll excuse us.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Jazz, we're talking here.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Go on, another time, another place.
text: Grendel watches the couple walk off and the viewer hears
text: the CLASSICAL MUSIC in his head.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE DOROTHY CHANDLER - NIGHT
text: Jazz pulls Ford into the cool of the night.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Why did you interrupt? Maxwell
dialog: seemed like he wanted to hire me.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Shut up, goodies from the ice queen.
text: Jazz pulls from her pockets a small toy duck, a Baby Ruth
text: bar, and a compact disc reading "Black Vomit's Greatest
text: Spits." It has a red number two on the cover. Ford takes
dialog: the stuff from her.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: How'd you get this from her?
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: You don't want to know, believe me.
dialog: But don't worry, I washed my hands...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: A fucking C.D. Wow, this case is
dialog: closed. So, she's got bad taste
dialog: in music and in men... Did I tell
dialog: you she and Johnny were lovers and
dialog: that they were into something and
dialog: he got killed for it?
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: (laughing at his
dialog: bald exposition)
dialog: No, as a matter of fact you didn't.
dialog: What about the girl, Zuzu Petals,
dialog: how does she fit in? I mean, she
dialog: is what this case is about.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I wish I knew. You did good work...
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Make eye contact when you say that.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'm sorry, that dress. What do
dialog: you say we...
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Celebrate? Like we celebrated
dialog: after solving the White Bluesman
dialog: murders? Forget it, man.
text: Ford and Jazz stroll to their respective cars parked
text: side-by-side. Jazz drives a black Volkswagen bug.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Oh... Hey, how about that hors
dialog: d'oeuvre, tonight?
text: Jazz cackles and gets in her car. Ford watches her go...
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S HOUSE - LATE THAT NIGHT
text: In his underwear, Ford vegges on his couch with a koala
text: bear at his feet and with a BLENDER WHIRRING beside.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Why didn't I pick fishermen?
text: Ford STOPS the BLENDER, flips off the lid, and begins
text: drinking his homemade vodka milkshake straight out of
text: the blender, but only after setting it on fire and
dialog: blowing it out.
text: Ford then lazily remotes ON the TELEVISION. "MTV News"
text: with KURT LODER finishes up. Ford unslumps up with
text: Kurt's revelations.
speaker_heading: KURT LODER (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Police are now saying Bobby Vomit was
dialog: not the victim of an overdose as first
dialog: suspected, but was actually poisoned.
dialog: Police have no suspects yet and have
dialog: asked all Black Vomit fans not to show
text: up at the funeral which, by the way,
dialog: will be held at the Hollywood Cemetery
dialog: at midnight. In homage, here's the
text: last video of Bobby Vomit.
text: Ford mouths "wow" to himself as the rock video begins.
speaker_heading: VIDEO
text: A lacerating TUNE BLASTS forth with Bobby Vomit writhing
text: around a cage. Inside the cafe is a beautifully modulated
text: babe with monster makeup all over her face. The rest of
text: Black Vomit dutifully play their instruments at the back
text: of the set, all wearing doctor uniforms.
text: Vomit pulls the babe's monster-faced head out from between
text: the bars of the cage. He savagely kisses her and then
text: runs to the door of the cage. He flings it open. The
text: babe no longer has the face of a monster. She has the
text: face of Zuzu Petals for that is who the babe is.
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S ROOM
text: Ford does a vodka milkshake spit-take.
speaker_heading: VIDEO
text: In closeup, Zuzu blows the VIEWER a kiss.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD CEMETERY GATE - NIGHT
text: WITH Spotlights, with T-shirt hawkers and with a couple
text: hundred mournful rock and roll fans pushing and shoving
text: at the gate, the viewer believes they are at a concert
dialog: not a funeral.
text: A hurriedly dressed Ford, tucking his shirt in, approaches
text: the gate. He focuses upon a SLEAZY GUY doing something
dialog: with two girls.
speaker_heading: SLEAZY GUY
dialog: That's one hundred. Each.
text: The two girls nod -- Sleazy Guy hands them something --
text: the girls leave.
text: Ford approaches as the Sleazy Guy carefully calls out.
speaker_heading: SLEAZY GUY
dialog: Got those Vomit invites here...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Scalping to a funeral, you're a
dialog: pretty sleazy guy.
speaker_heading: SLEAZY GUY
dialog: Thanks. You interested. It's
dialog: festival seating, so...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: SLEAZY GUY
text: Three hundred.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You gave it to the girls for one.
speaker_heading: SLEAZY GUY
dialog: Hey, they blew me.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Oh. Three hundred coming right up.
text: Ford very quickly hands over three hundred dollars.
scene_heading: EXT. FUNERAL GROUNDS
text: Ford mounts a small hill to blend into the already-in-
text: progress funeral. Many people stand in various not
text: necessarily tasteful black clothes. A row of nubile
text: mournettes kneel praying, the lipstick on their face is
text: noticeably and obscenely askew.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Geez, am I the only one who paid
dialog: full price here?
text: A priest stands next to a big empty hole. The band
text: members of Black Vomit are situated behind it, with
text: their instruments. They begin a mournful metal jam.
text: The sound of a HELICOPTER is heard. Everyone seems to
text: be ignoring this fact but Ford. A chopper is cruising
text: toward the funeral.
text: The CHOPPER sounds get LOUDER as the helicopter positions
text: itself over the open grave. The band increases its
text: intensify as the crowd chants "Vomit! Vomit! Vomit!" A
text: large transparent tube is pushed out of the helicopter
text: with an attached black parachute. The tube is lit up
text: by round dressing room-style bulbs.
text: The tube floats down toward the grave. Ford and the
text: VIEWER get to see that in the lit tube is Bobby Vomit.
text: It swooshes perfectly into the grave.
text: Ford shakes his head in amazement. Getting serious, he
text: pulls the picture of Zuzu Petals from his pocket and
text: scans the crowd. More young, pretty girls in sexy black
text: pass before the grave, but no Zuzu.
text: A GIRL IN A BLACK VEIL (three guesses who) quietly sobs
text: beside Ford, holding the black purse from the opening
text: scene (okay, one guess who). With a whimper, she puts
text: her head against Ford's stomach. By reflex, Ford puts
text: his arm around to comfort, but his eyes never leave the
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: GIRL IN VEIL
dialog: He was so good...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Yeah, he was one of the greats.
dialog: (holding out the
dialog: photo)
dialog: Hey, you haven't seen this girl,
dialog: have you?
speaker_heading: GIRL IN VEIL
dialog: Is this a trick question?
text: The Girl In her Veil lifts her veil. It is Zuzu Petals.
text: Ford goes insane with victory.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Zuzu Petals! Zuzu Petals! Yes!
dialog: Who killed Bobby Vomit? Who
dialog: killed Johnny Crunch? Why do
dialog: people want you so goddamn bad?
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: I don't know. I'm so scared.
dialog: Help me.
text: Zuzu drops to her knees before Ford.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: A simple 'please' would suffice...
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Fluck you!
text: Zuzu fiercely balls her fist and punches Ford in the
text: groin. She then bolts up and starts sprinting away.
text: Ford gasps after her.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Fluck me?
text: Zuzu keeps running. She gives a glance back toward Ford
text: as a black gloved hand thrusts out and grabs her by the
text: neck. The arm leads to the maliciously chipper face of
dialog: Smiley.
text: Smiley lifts Zuzu up and heaves her into a sidecar
text: connected to a state of the art motorcycle. With a
text: painful crash, Zuzu lands upside-down in the sidecar.
text: Smiley straddles the BIKE and ROCKETS off, recklessly
text: weaving through tombstones.
text: Panting, Ford stops running toward the motorcycle. He
text: changes direction and begins running...
text: until he reaches his Fairlane. Ford wails in anger for
text: his tires have been punctured. The PHONE in his car
text: suddenly RINGS. Ford reaches in and pulls out the
dialog: portable phone.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: K-O-D-S is going to make me rich!
speaker_heading: MOTORCYCLE
text: Smiley is revealed to be barking on a cellular phone,
text: attached to his motorcycle while burrowing through the
text: tombstones. Zuzu's legs flail from out of the sidecar.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: How's it going? Radio station
dialog: contest. Ford, I mean really...
text: The super-bike sends frightened mourners into empty burial
dialog: holes.
scene_heading: ANOTHER PART OF CEMETERY GROUNDS
text: Portable phone pushed up under his armpit, receiver be-
text: tween his head and his shoulder, Ford barrels up a hill...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: If you hurt her, I'll kill you!
dialog: Maybe not personally, but I'll
dialog: think of something...
text: At the top of the hill is a parked hearse.
speaker_heading: HEARSE
text: Two slimy MORTICIANS come out from the back of the
text: hearse. They are each smoking a cigarette and zipping
dialog: up their pants.
speaker_heading: MORTICIAN ONE
dialog: Some days it's great to be alive.
text: Ford charges into the front seat of the hearse. He
text: turns the ignition key and tears off.
speaker_heading: MORTICIAN TWO
dialog: Hey, he took Lydia!
speaker_heading: MORTICIAN ONE
dialog: (giving his zipper
dialog: a final yank)
dialog: So what, we've had our fun.
scene_heading: INT. HEARSE
text: The body of a VOLUPTUOUS WOMAN rests naked on a gurney
text: in the back of the hearse. The gurney wobbles back and
text: forth toward Ford in the driver's seat. A tag on her
text: hand reads LYDIA.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Now it's getting interesting,
dialog: Smileyhead.
speaker_heading: MOTORCYCLE
text: Smiley blazes across the gravesite green towards the
text: entrance. A discombobulated Zuzu twists into a sitting
dialog: position.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Normally, I'd be up for a bullshit
dialog: car chase, but I got to get up early
dialog: tomorrow.
text: Smiley looks down to his phone with a quizzical ex-
text: pression. In the b.g. the hearse can be seen barrelling
text: over a hill.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Ford, where did you go? Don't be
dialog: such a baby...
speaker_heading: HEARSE
text: Ford intensely weaves through burial paths. His point of
text: view has the motorcycle getting closer.
scene_heading: MOTORCYCLE AT CEMETERY ENTRANCE
text: Smiley hangs up the phone, and ROARS into the street out-
text: side the cemetery. Zuzu scowls, until Ford pulls up
text: beside them, shouting out his window.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You were saying, snapperhead? I'll
dialog: bet you're not smiling now!
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Oh, but I am. Dianetics, Ford. You
dialog: should try it.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Say cheese...
text: Ford super-swiftly raises his arm activating the sliding
text: gun apparatus. The gun sails out of his sleeve, past his
text: hand, out of his car, and over Smiley who rightfully laughs.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Thanks, but I have my own.
text: Smiley pulls a serious GUN from his coat and BLASTS away.
text: Ford steers off as the BULLETS shower into his hood.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: (regarding Ford, amused)
dialog: My hero...
text: The HEARSE convulses in a mind-roasting SKID causing the
text: other poor cars in the vicinity to insanely slam into
text: lampposts, mini-malls, and themselves.
speaker_heading: HEARSE
dialog: All this motion commotion causes the body of the Vol-
text: uptuous Woman to burst out from the back and to crash
text: into the front seat. Ford shrieks at the inert, well-
text: endowed flesh. Suddenly, the PHONE RINGS. Ford fren-
text: etically picks up...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Fuck you, man! I can't talk...
dialog: Mom! What are you calling for?
dialog: No, no, I don't always answer the
dialog: phone like that. It's business!
text: The naked body bounces and bashes against Ford as he
text: speaks. The voluptuous head slams down onto Ford's lap.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Have I met any nice girls? Ma,
dialog: Ma, get some sleep. I gotta
dialog: another call...
dialog: (pressing call
dialog: waiting)
dialog: Sorry, it was my mom...
scene_heading: MOTORCYCLE GOING UP INCREDIBLY INCLINED STREET
text: Riding up a steep hill, Smiley deliriously chats...
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Your mom is special. I look
dialog: forward to raping her at your
dialog: funeral.
speaker_heading: HEARSE
text: Ford is comically maneuvering the body into a sitting
text: position and pulling over a seat belt... He shouts in
dialog: the phone.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You are one sick...
text: Ford hangs up, letting go of the seat belt. Ford watches
text: the body's ludicrously bouncing breasts.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Damn baby, I hope you filled out
dialog: some organ donor cards...
text: Ford looks out the windshield and howls.
scene_heading: INCREDIBLY INCLINED STREET
text: The hearse slams into the base of the very steep hill,
text: it rockets upward.
text: The dead body flips and flops over into the back seat.
text: The hearse flies over the hill and whizzes forward,
text: approaching Smiley's motorcycle. Ford pulls up beside
text: Zuzu in the sidecar.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Zuzu Petals, I'm Ford Fairlane!
dialog: I'm the good guy, he's the bad guy!
text: Entertained, Smiley FIRES his GUN at the hearse. Ford
text: swerves around behind the motorcycle to Smiley's side.
text: Zuzu loops her purse around her neck and then, with a
text: devilish grin, she stands up in the sidecar. Smiley
text: watches incredulously as Zuzu jumps from the sidecar onto
text: the motorcycle between his legs and then, after blowing a
text: kiss, into the open passenger window of the hearse.
text: A disoriented Smiley swerves off onto a sidewalk, zipping
text: past freaked out pedestrians.
speaker_heading: HEARSE
text: Zuzu lands onto the passenger seat with a giggle.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: This is so amazing! A car chase!
dialog: Let's get on some car chase music!
dialog: Ra-a-w-wk!
text: Zuzu turns ON the RADIO and turns it UP LOUD. Ford can
text: only stare at this perverse girl in amazement. Zuzu
text: looks over to him, popping a bubblegum bubble.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
text: It's red, Ford.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: STREET
text: The hearse charges through a red light causing another
dialog: collision.
speaker_heading: HEARSE
text: Ford looks into the rearview mirror. Smiley is back on
text: the street and gaining... Ford reaches into a confused
text: Zuzu's mouth.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Give me your gum and grab the wheel.
speaker_heading: STREET
text: The MOTORCYCLE WAILS up the back of the hearse. Smiley
text: reaches out to the door and flings it open. He leaps...
speaker_heading: INTO HEARSE
text: A BATTERED but still giddy Smiley crawls and crashes into
text: the front seat, pulling a gun on the driver: The voluptu-
dialog: ous body!
text: Smiley looks to the floor pedal. Pink gum holds it to
dialog: the floor.
scene_heading: STREET BEHIND HEARSE
text: Crunched in a heap on the street, Ford and Zuzu move into
text: painful standing positions.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: (are you kidding?)
dialog: Peachy.
scene_heading: INT. HEARSE
text: A weirded-out Smiley turns from his bizarre driver to
text: look before him. His smile turns into a grimace.
speaker_heading: STREET
text: A multi-transport truck is parked at the curb and its
text: ramp is down. The hearse hits the ramp -- flies in the
dialog: air towards --
scene_heading: EXT. HARD ROCK CAFE
text: With its famous Cadillac embedded halfway into the roof.
text: CRASH! -- it now has two cars embedded halfway into
dialog: the roof.
scene_heading: INT. HARD ROCK CAFE
text: The bodies of Smiley and the Voluptuous Woman fly
text: through the WINDSHIELD and sail into the GLASS roof
dialog: of the Cafe.
text: Smiley smashes into the floor while the voluptuous woman
text: crashes down onto a birthday cake atop a table surrounded
text: by aghast yuppies.
text: The Voluptuous Woman awakens with a purr...
speaker_heading: VOLUPTUOUS WOMAN
dialog: Boy, you morticians really know
dialog: how to party...
text: Ford's portable PHONE rests peacefully next to Smiley's
text: crumpled body. It RINGS. Smiley achingly picks up.
speaker_heading: ZUZU (V.O.)
dialog: Nyah, nyah, nyah-nyah, nyah.
scene_heading: EXT. NEARBY PAY PHONE
text: Zuzu finishes her squealing as a coolly smiling Ford
text: takes the phone from her and hangs up.
scene_heading: INT. RTD BUS - NIGHT
text: Tired and bruised, Ford and Zuzu sit side by side in a
text: sparsely populated bus. Zuzu is bobbing to a palm-size radio.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: That was one of the ten most
dialog: provocative experiences of my life!
text: A disgruntled Ford takes the RADIO from her and turns it OFF.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Let's get serious...
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Why are all these people after me?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Uh... wha? You're supposed to
dialog: answer those questions, not ask
dialog: 'em. I take it a woman named
dialog: Colleen Sutton is not your big
dialog: sister and that the late D.J.
dialog: Johnny Crunch ain't your daddy?
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: I'm so sure! I'm an only child
dialog: and my parents are Bill and Shirley
dialog: Petals of South Bend, Indiana.
dialog: They run a hardware store and...
text: Ford reaches out and muzzles the sputtering girl with his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You hung out with Bobby Vomit.
dialog: Who would want him dead?
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: I dunno. He was to sound what
dialog: Cezanne was to image or at least I
dialog: thought so. Ever since he died,
dialog: I've been chased... Omigod!
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: What? Jesus, tell me!
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: It's Spunk Lewis, the lead singer
dialog: for Dead Ribbit! Mr. Bus Driver,
dialog: stop!
speaker_heading: POV ON ALLEY
text: Spunk Lewis, generic rock star, emerges from a backstage
text: door to sign autographs for a cluster of generic fans.
speaker_heading: BUS
text: Ford shakes his head. Zuzu's head is twisted around,
text: trying to catch another glimpse of Spunk.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Spunk, come back...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: How is it you can look at that
dialog: HairHead and see God, when all I
dialog: see is a lucky asshole from Reseda.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Because I know rock-n-roll.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You know rock-n-roll? Darlin',
dialog: I've been in the music industry
dialog: for as long as you've lived. I've
dialog: seen things you can't even have
dialog: nightmares about... but then I
dialog: guess I'm just not equipped to
dialog: know the industry the way you do...
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Come again? B.FL.D., I have sex
dialog: with rock stars; it's not like I'm
dialog: doing something that I don't enjoy
text: with them, like shuffleboard.
dialog: Don't worry about me, I practice
dialog: safe sex and next summer, I'm
dialog: going to U.C.L.A.
text: Ford flicks back ON the RADIO with a deprecating smile and
text: flips it to Zuzu.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Zuzu Petals, you're not bad. In
dialog: fact, I was discussing this whole
dialog: rock-n-roll thing with my pal Art
dialog: Mooney the other day. You know him?
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: No. Who's Art Mooney?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: He's the lamest clue I've ever had
dialog: in my life. Here's our stop...
text: Ford reaches up and pulls the cord.
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S OFFICE - NEXT MORNING
text: Not wearing glasses, Jazz makes her morning entrance into
text: the office with an attack of melancholy. She sees Zuzu
text: sleeping at her desk behind a melting cup of yogurt. Ford
text: is amusingly curled up on the floor. Jazz smiles.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Why don't I despise you?
text: Ford rumbles into a semi-conscious position.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: What did you... Hey, where's your spex?
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Contacts.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I like.
text: Zuzu pops to life and resumes eating her yogurt.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: He saved my life! Isn't he the
dialog: coolest man in the world?
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Says a lot about the world... Zuzu
dialog: Petals... Case closed?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I don't know, what was the case?
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Ms. Sutton hired you to find the
dialog: girl. Period.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Then I guess her case is closed.
dialog: Mine isn't. I want to know why
dialog: everybody wants Zuzu. Why people
text: are killing and dying for her.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Yeah, it's weird. Bobby and
dialog: Johnny were such good friends...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Friends? You didn't tell me that.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: You didn't ask. Have you ever
dialog: thought about mousse?
text: The PHONE RINGS. Zuzu fiercely picks up.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: K-O-D-S is going to make me rich... Uh...
text: Jazz sweetly tears the phone away from her.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: She's just a bundle of energy, a
dialog: real treasure...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Yeah, let's bury her.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Hello...
dialog: (hanging up)
text: It's Colleen. With answers. She wants
text: to meet. Down. Way down-town. Late.
scene_heading: INT. VERY GRUNGY, DISGUSTINGLY HIP DOWNTOWN CLUB - NIGHT
text: Too ultra-cool to be alive zombies, a mixture of play-
text: tough trendoids and actual psychopaths, dressed in very
text: black black, are packed together like burnt, sweating
text: sardines. A post-punk ACID CHILLER is throbbing from the
text: SPEAKERS.
text: An unamused Ford treads through the unsavory pack. The
text: crowd almost mystically parts to reveal Colleen, at a
text: table by a window, in a violent leather ensemble, her
text: hair slicked back.
text: Ford sits himself down and a waiter pours him a Cappucino.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: I ask you to find a girl and
dialog: instead you steal a C.D. from me.
dialog: Ford. You suck.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'll buy you a new one. I found her.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: Zuzu Petals! Did she have it?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Have what?
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: Did she tell you anything?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Lots of things. Her favorite
dialog: yogurt. The ten drummers she
dialog: would take to a desert island...
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: Drink your cappucino, you're
dialog: giving me a headache...
scene_heading: THROUGH RIFLE'S TELESCOPIC LENS (THROUGH WINDOW)
text: Targeted for destruction, Colleen rubs her temples.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN (V.O.)
text: If feels like it's going to explode.
speaker_heading: CAFE
text: A hole pops in the window and a VASE with a black rose in
text: it EXPLODES on the table.
text: Ford and Colleen are oblivious to the flying petals and
text: the spurting water.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: Damnit... you were right last night.
dialog: Jonathan and I were into more than
dialog: sex. Along with Bobby Vomit, right
dialog: after old Jack Grendel died, we
dialog: took part in a scheme to rip off
dialog: Grendel records... I didn't want
dialog: you involved...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: But I am...
text: Ford brings a coffee cup toward its lip. The CUP EXPLODES.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: What cheap shit... hey, waiter!
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: We invested in these factories.
dialog: In Vancouver.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Hold that thought. Are we being
dialog: shot at?
text: Ford laughs. Colleen laughs. They laugh louder.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I finally got you to laugh.
text: Suddenly serious, Ford and Colleen bound away from the
text: table into the seething masses.
scene_heading: EXT. NEARBY ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: The Punk Gunslinger and the Heavy Metal Gunslinger throw
text: down their rifles (connected to huge silencers) in self-
dialog: disgust.
scene_heading: EXT. GRUNGY DOWNTOWN CLUB - NIGHT
text: Ford and Colleen exhale happily, moving through the crowd.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: That was close...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: What did these Vancouver factories
dialog: do?
text: The clubhounds swell between them, separating them.
text: Colleen shouts above the zombies' heads...
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: I haven't told you the important
dialog: part!
text: Smiley suddenly abracadabras behind Colleen. Her face
text: contorts in agony and she falls. Smiley bashes his way
text: outward as a futile Ford twists and pushes to Colleen.
text: A knife has been farmed in her spleen. She croaks up
dialog: her last words...
speaker_heading: COLLEEN
dialog: Art Mo-o-o-ney!
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Thanks, I needed that.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN CLUB - NIGHT
text: Smiley emerges out of the club, grinning into a walkie-
dialog: talkie.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: You assholes owe me a Big Gulp.
text: The sound of THUNDER is heard...
scene_heading: INT. DOWNTOWN CLUB - DAWN
text: A dark daylight beats against the club along with falling
text: RAIN. The music has stopped and the place has been
text: emptied of its ultra-cool swarm, replaced by the familiar
text: cacophony of policemen and coroner officers. A black
text: bodybag is carried through the tables past a melancholy
text: Ford, who sits, contemplating shot black rose petals
dialog: until...
speaker_heading: LT. AMOS
dialog: Have a problem, call Ford
dialog: Fairlane. He won't solve your
dialog: case, but who cares, you'll be
dialog: dead in a couple days anyway.
dialog: Let's face it. After today, the
dialog: California Raisins aren't gonna
dialog: hire you.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: That's okay. I'm quitting the
dialog: music detective business to become
dialog: a cop killer. Pay's the same, but
dialog: it'll be much more fun.
speaker_heading: LT. AMOS
dialog: God, I wish I could prove you
dialog: killed everybody. Unfortunately,
dialog: I know who the real killer is.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Really?
text: Lt. Amos holds up a picture of Zuzu Petals blowing a kiss.
speaker_heading: LT. AMOS
dialog: It's some psycho killer groupie.
dialog: I got an anonymous letter that says
dialog: she killed Bobby Vomit, Johnny
dialog: Crunch, and now, this society dame.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Once I got an anonymous letter
dialog: saying that the world would be
text: destroyed by a giant purple
dialog: raindrop.
dialog: I didn't even buy a fucking
dialog: umbrella... You were in too many
dialog: discos during the seventies. The
dialog: Village People rotted your brain.
speaker_heading: LT. AMOS
dialog: That's the difference between a
dialog: great investigator like me and a
dialog: piece of Spam like you. You look
dialog: at this picture and all you see is
dialog: beauty. I see the beast.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE CLUB/JAZZ'S VOLKSWAGEN - DAWN
text: In counterpoint to Lt. Amos, Zuzu is seen babbling into a
text: car phone in Jazz's Volkswagen, parked outside the club.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Yeah, on a car phone! No, he's
dialog: not a guitarist... he's better...
dialog: He's a rock-n-roll detec --
speaker_heading: EXT. CAR
text: Oblivious to the rain, Jazz leans against her Bug
text: with her arms folded meaningfully, watching Ford head
text: toward her.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Lieutenant Anus has discovered the
text: cold-blooded killer behind everything.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Who?
text: Ford motions to inside the car. Zuzu chatters away.
text: When she sees she's being watched, she goofily waves...
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Ah, an obvious choice.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Let's get her out of here, before
dialog: she starts a shoot-out. Drop us
dialog: at my place.
text: Jazz opens the passenger door for Ford. As he gets in,
text: compassionate looks are exchanged. Jazz closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A pretty tired Ford and a never tired Zuzu enter Chez
text: Fairlane, the latter swinging her purse.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Why are you depressed? You get in
dialog: all the clubs, you never pay cover...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Stop. We still got serious
dialog: detective stuff to do, but we've
dialog: been up all night so we should hit
dialog: the sack for...
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: What a perv...
text: Ford shakes his head and fumbles with the bedroom door as
text: Zuzu somersaults onto the couch and retrieves a remote
dialog: control.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Let's watch some 'M.T.V.'
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: People still watch that?
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Who cares about people?
text: Zuzu slides up into a sitting position on the back of the
text: couch and raises the remote control...
speaker_heading: FORD'S BEDROOM
text: Ford snaps on the light. His koala bear is hanging from
dialog: a noose!
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Zuzu!
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: Zuzu presses the remote control. Bah--oom! The TELEVI-
text: SION EXPLODES, blowing Zuzu off the couch against the
text: back wall.
text: Ford rushes into the smoky, raped, and abused living room
text: and bolts down to the dazed and blackened Zuzu. Ford
text: shakes her into some sort of consciousness.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Zuzu, wake up...
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Hah fluck, great video, huh?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Okay? I just blew up. I feel
dialog: orgasmic.
text: Ford glances up to see flames flickering at the curtains
text: of his Jimi Hendrix guitar shrine. With a mute howl of
text: pain, he lets go of his grip on Zuzu, letting her head
text: clunk to the floor.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Puh-leeze...
text: He speeds to the curtain and pulls. The guitar is gone.
text: Ford gasps for breath while Zuzu moves into a wobbly
text: standing position behind him. She walks OUT OF VIEW as
text: Ford's anger finds sound.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: My axe!
speaker_heading: ZUZU (O.S.)
dialog: Ford, do you got something cooking
dialog: in the microwave?
text: Ford stops gasping. He races into his...
speaker_heading: KITCHENETTE
text: Where Zuzu stands before a microwave oven, calmly combing
text: ash out of her hair. The timer reads 00:09... 00:08...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Out!
text: Ford grabs Zuzu by the hand and yanks her toward the door.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Wait, my purse!
text: Zuzu breaks off from Ford to retrieve her purse on the
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Wait, my purse?
text: Zuzu zooms back and grabs Ford's hand, pulling him out the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE FORD'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ford and Zuzu burst from the house and dive onto the grass,
text: heads down. A pause then a familiar BEEPING sound sig-
text: nalling the end of a MICROWAVE cycle. Zuzu lifts her head.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Maybe it was just a pot pie.
text: BAH-OOM! A corner of the HOUSE neatly EXPLODES.
text: Ford, lighting up a cigarette, and Zuzu achingly move
text: into standing positions to watch the gently BELLOWING
text: RUBBLE. Neighbors come out of their places to take
dialog: part in the fun.
text: The Kid slowly approaches from behind the transfixed Ford
text: and Zuzu. His eye is black, his lip bleeding, and his
text: shirt is torn.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: I tried to stop them, man.
text: Ford spins around and The Kid collapses in his hands.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: I'm sorry...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Shut up, you dummy. Who did this
dialog: to you?
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: These two guys in long cowboy
dialog: coats and real nice suits. I
dialog: think Armani. They were going
dialog: through your stuff with
dialog: screwdrivers and shit... I did
dialog: what you would have done.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Run to the nearest phone and call
dialog: the police.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Fuck that, I mean, the heck with
dialog: that. I kicked their ass!
dialog: (coughing)
dialog: Well, I tried. There were two
dialog: of them you know...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Jesus, how could you be so
dialog: stupid? Come on, we're going to
text: a hospital.
text: The Kid stands up and wiggles away from Ford. He starts
text: marching away toward the beach. Ford follows...
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: I tried to help you...!
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: And hey, I appreciate it...
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: (turning back)
dialog: Where's my father? Have you even
dialog: looked?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Yeah, uh, I got some pretty good
dialog: leads...
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Liar! You don't care! About
dialog: anything.
text: The Kid runs off. Ford gruffly exhales and turns to an
text: arms-crossed Zuzu, who is not pleased about what she has
dialog: seen.
text: Ford and Zuzu straggle over to Ford's Fairlane with nice,
text: new tires. Ford pulls out his alarm beeper and raises it.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Well, at least the guys at the
dialog: garage brought my baby back.
text: Ford presses the ALARM beeper button... BAH-OOM!
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN ROAD - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Battered and burned like Road Warrior extras, Ford and
text: Zuzu drift down the side of the road. They wearily extend
text: their thumbs at a passing car.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Why the music industry? Ford
dialog: Fairlane, detective of the fishermen.
text: A weensy sports car containing two rich FRAT BOYS swerves
text: to the side of the road. As Ford and Zuzu rush to the
text: car, the Frat Boys laugh and ride off.
text: The license plate reads UNPOOR.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Ah! Mo-ther-fu --
text: Ford is about to lose it when suddenly Melodi, the killer
text: cute nymph from the club daintily pulls up in a Cabriolet.
speaker_heading: MELODI
dialog: Hi, private eye guy!
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Hey, the poet...
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE SORORITY HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Melodi buoyantly grabs a doorknob beneath some incom-
text: prehensible Greek letters. Ford and Zuzu try to brush
dialog: themselves off.
speaker_heading: MELODI
dialog: Oh wow, hiding out from cold
dialog: blooded killers. The sisters
dialog: are going to die...
text: Melodi swings open the door leading the VIEWER INTO:
speaker_heading: SORORITY HOUSE
text: With a burst of LOUD MUSIC, the most ludicrous manifes-
text: tation of the classic college-girls-behind-closed-doors
text: fantasy unfolds in eye-popping fashion. Girls in short-
text: shorts are aerobicizing to the music, girls in Calvin
text: Klein underwear with shredded tank tops are engaged in
text: an intense game of Twister.
text: A gorgeous girl precariously holds a towel against her
text: body as she tries to iron her Garfield panties, two
text: girls in negligees bite into their corn dogs. A girl
text: wearing only a strategic length T-shirt is tipping her
text: bare toes, trying to change a bulb.
speaker_heading: MELODI
dialog: Hey, troops, here's that rock 'n'
dialog: roll detective I told you about.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (in a trance)
dialog: Hebedeebuh. Hebedeebuh. Maybe
dialog: I did die in the explosion.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: I know the feeling. This must be
dialog: hell. Can you believe, a flucking
dialog: sorority... I'm gonna vomit Day-Glo.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Ye-ah. Sure.
text: Zuzu turns to the stunned Ford and laughingly spanks him
text: as the sorority sisters scamper over.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Don't forget, Jazz, bonewad.
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Jazz sits at her desk in the dimly, eerily lit office.
text: The PHONE RINGS. Jazz hits the speaker button, speaking
text: somberly.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Hello, Ford...
speaker_heading: FORD (V.O.)
dialog: What are you doing at the office?
dialog: You wouldn't believe what I've
dialog: gone through tonight... I'm calling
dialog: from the Mega Beta Pogo Sorority.
scene_heading: INT. SORORITY KITCHENETTE
text: Ford speaks on a wall phone while achingly watching a
text: girl in a teddy slowly fill up a balloon in a faucet.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Mmmh! My house was blown up, my
dialog: car was blown up, and my koala bear
text: isn't in too great a shape, either.
dialog: (pausing)
dialog: 'That's too bad.' All you can
dialog: say is 'That's too bad.'
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE
text: The VIEWER'S VIEWPOINT PULLS OUT ON Jazz in the eerily-
text: lit office. The Punk Gunslinger stands behind her,
text: pointing a gun. The HEAVY METAL GUNSLINGER sits across
text: from her, doing the same.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Yes, Ford, that's all I can say.
scene_heading: INT. SORORITY HOUSE
text: The GIRLS have formed a giggling circle around Ford.
text: Each sip a silly-colored wine cooler. Zuzu is grudgingly
dialog: having fun, too.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: So, then Springsteen says to Madonna,
dialog: 'Hey, I only eat lime Jell-O...'
text: Ford gloats as the Girls laugh and applaud.
scene_heading: SORORITY SISTER ONE
dialog: Does Van Halen sleep in the nude?
scene_heading: SORORITY SISTER TWO
dialog: Does Debbie Gibson sleep with
dialog: Van Halen?
scene_heading: SORORITY SISTER THREE
dialog: Is Sting really an asshole?
scene_heading: WEIRD SORORITY SISTER
dialog: If Axl Rose was reincarnated as a
dialog: black woman would he be Jodie
dialog: Whatley or Aretha...
speaker_heading: MELODI
dialog: Sisters, sisters, give Ford a
dialog: break. What do you say we induct
dialog: him as an honorary member...
speaker_heading: SISTERS
dialog: Yeah!
text: Ford wolfishly grins. Zuzu rolls her eyes.
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: The Heavy Metal Gunslinger bobs up from a phone book.
scene_heading: HEAVY METAL GUNSLINGER
dialog: I got an address for the sorority.
speaker_heading: PUNK GUNSLINGER
dialog: (turning to Jazz)
dialog: It's a tough business...
scene_heading: HEAVY METAL GUNSLINGER
dialog: If you ever have a son, I hope
dialog: his dog dies...
text: The Punk Gunslinger pushes Jazz back against the Heavy
text: Metal Gunslinger. The Metal Gunslinger grabs her arms
text: while the Punk grabs her legs. They swing Jazz back and
text: forth three times before heaving her SMASH! through the
text: plate GLASS WINDOW of the office.
scene_heading: INT. SORORITY HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The Sisters stand in semi-darkness around Ford, each
text: holding a lit candle, and each wearing only a special
text: robe. Ford is also wearing a robe over boxer shorts.
speaker_heading: SISTERS
dialog: Quantas -- Jujubees -- Salcido --
dialog: Ford Fairlane -- Quantas -- Jujubees...
text: Ford looks over to Zuzu who stands by the window doing
text: a "jerking off" motion. Ford smiles, until he looks...
scene_heading: POV - THROUGH WINDOW
text: The Two Gunslingers ride up in a Jeep without their
text: lights on.
speaker_heading: SORORITY HOUSE
text: Ford spins to the Sisters.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Everybody, blow!
text: The Sisters blow out their candles.
scene_heading: EXT. SORORITY LAWNS
text: Still in his robe, Ford bounds across the lawns of various
text: sorority lawns until he is far from the malevolent Jeep.
text: Ford stands at the top of an inclined street. He looks
text: to the Jeep at the foot of the hill before turning next
text: to him. Next to him is the sports car with the UNPOOR
dialog: license plate.
text: Ford reaches down to the emergency brake.
scene_heading: INT. JEEP
text: The two Gunslingers intensely load their guns. The Punk
text: Gunslinger looks up, then back down, and suddenly back up
text: again with a squeal. The sports car is coming right at them.
text: Too late to run. The sports car sails right into the
text: JEEP, wounding it with a loud CRUNCH.
text: FRAT BOYS pile out of the across-the-street-parties with
text: howls.
scene_heading: UNPOOR FRAT BOY DRIVER
dialog: Du-udes, they executed my Midget!
text: The Frat Boys thunder towards the Jeep. The Punk
text: Gunslinger exhales a "This ain't my night" breath before
text: pulling out an UZI. He SPRAYS a line of cars parked
text: before the fraternity, SHATTERING WINDOWS, setting off
text: CAR ALARMS, and sending scared Frat Boys running away
text: squealing.
text: POLICE SIRENS can be heard in the distance.
speaker_heading: PUNK GUNSLINGER
dialog: It's cut-our-losses time, dude.
text: The JEEP starts to SCREECH off, but then stops and backs
text: up so the Heavy Metal Gunslinger can lob a GRENADE into
text: the sports car.
text: The Unpoor Frat Boy Driver watches in agony as his CAR
text: EXPLODES. Ford comes up from behind him, takes the Boy's
text: hand and extends the thumb. Ford grins.
speaker_heading: SORORITY
text: A victorious Ford struts into the sorority to much
text: applause. Ford looks down to a box of water balloons and
text: pulls out one with each hand. High-energy MUSIC is
text: playing on the STEREO.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: All work and no play makes Ford
text: a dull boy.
scene_heading: SORORITY SISTER ONE
dialog: Water balloon fight!
speaker_heading: MELODI
dialog: Sisters, don't get your robes wet.
text: The Sorority Sisters all start to yank off their robes when
text: suddenly a crumpled and bloodied Jazz enters the house.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Why do we have to have an office
dialog: on the second floor?
text: Jazz begins to collapse. Ford drops his water balloons
text: and catches her.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: I came to warn you...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Oh, Jazz, those bastards... call
dialog: an ambulance! Get that music off!
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Sure, I have a much more appropriate
dialog: C.D. Bobby sneaked it into my purse
dialog: the day he died. It was so romantic...
text: Zuzu pulls out the red number one Black Vomit C.D. from
text: her purse. She goes to the compact disc player and
dialog: slides it in.
text: The painful COMPUTER SCREECHES: SCRE-E-E-E! BUZZ!
text: SHSHSHSHSHSH! come croaking out the SPEAKERS. The
text: Sorority Sisters hold their ears, whimpering in pain,
text: while Zuzu obliviously tries to dance to it. Ford and
text: Jazz smile at each other.
speaker_heading: MELODI
dialog: This isn't music!
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: It is to us! It's computerised.
text: Jazz takes the Black Vomit compact disc case (with a red
text: number on it) from Jazz and holds it up.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: I believe the last time we came
dialog: across one of these, was at the
dialog: ballet. What were your words...
dialog: (in Ford's gruff,
dialog: facetious tone)
dialog: 'A fucking C.D. This case is
dialog: closed.'
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I've always said the one reason
dialog: I'm the best detective in the
dialog: industry is that I'm the only
dialog: one... but hey, I never throw away
dialog: a clue...
text: Ford triumphantly pulls the small toy duck from his
text: pocket. He frowns and throws it away, then pulls out
dialog: Colleen's C.D.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Sisters, the sorority computer...
scene_heading: ANOTHER CORNER OF SORORITY HOUSE - LATER
text: The entire sorority and Zuzu are huddled around a seated
text: Ford and slightly-cleaned-up Jazz, who is banging away at
text: a computer.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Aha, just what I suspected!
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: You're not funny.
text: The computer screen is filled with incomprehensible,
dialog: scrambled nonsense.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: This is boring, guys.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Zuzu, be quiet. Put in Colleen's
dialog: disc. Number two.
text: Jazz slides Colleen's disc in the C.D. modem. More
text: scrambled nonsense of a different kind appears on the
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: ALL GIRLS
dialog: Bor-ring.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Hmmm, the first disc was putting
text: out an incomprehensible stream of
dialog: high bits. This one is putting out
dialog: low bits. The data is in some fucked
dialog: binary system. The two discs need
dialog: to interface simultaneously with a
dialog: third decryptor disc. Comprendo?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Su-ure. Two people hired me to
dialog: find Zuzu in order to get hold of
dialog: one of those discs and Colleen threw
dialog: a tizz when we took hers. Obviously,
dialog: all this binary disc shit is pretty
dialog: mighty.
dialog: (standing up)
dialog: But it's not necessary. People
dialog: are dead. One was a friend. The
dialog: same people were involved in a
dialog: scam to rip off Grendel Records.
dialog: Bottom line's Julian Grendel is
dialog: doing a little revenge number...
scene_heading: SORORITY SISTER #1
dialog: You're making quite a jump...
scene_heading: SORORITY SISTER #2
dialog: Do you have any proof?
scene_heading: SORORITY SISTER #3
dialog: You can't just go up to Julian
dialog: Grendel and say...
text: Ford cuts them off with a deadpan blink.
speaker_heading: FORD
text: Jazz, get to a hospital. Zuzu and
dialog: I are going to feel things out with
dialog: Mr. Grendel. If I don't call in
dialog: an hour... hell, I don't know.
scene_heading: INT. JULIAN GRENDEL'S OFFICE - NIGHT
dialog: Bizarrely-over-the-top-high-tech. Strange furniture --
text: gold records -- the spooky portrait of Julian and his
text: father. A nighttime cityscape sparkles through the
text: windows. Awnings meant for sunlight jut out and block
dialog: moonlight.
text: Bathed by high-tech lighting, wearing a tuxedo, Julian
text: Grendel is pounding a feverishly-modulated CLASSICAL
text: TUNE on a piano.
text: When the VIEWER TAKES IN the sight of a confused Ford
text: and Zuzu standing off to the side, the latter blowing
text: gum bubbles, it is REVEALED that Julian's piano is
text: literally soundless. The piano has had all its chords
text: ripped out. The classical piece existed only in Julian's
text: brain and on the soundtrack. Julian's actual playing
text: produces only a dull clicking sound.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Uh, nice piano. Probably get a
dialog: lot of complaints from the
dialog: neighbors -- heh... It's another
dialog: time, Julian, another place. If I
dialog: told you Bobby Vomit, Johnny Crunch,
dialog: and Colleen Sutton were the ones
dialog: you were complaining about, the ones
dialog: who tried to rip you off, what
dialog: would your reaction be?
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: (wry)
dialog: Shock.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: And if I told you that you already
dialog: knew all that shit, and that you
dialog: had them killed, what would you do
dialog: then?
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Golly, I'd probably faint.
text: Suddenly, Smiley, smiling in another tie-dye shirt, non-
text: chalantly walks into the room carrying a couple shirts
text: in cleaners bags in his black-gloved hands.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Uh-oh.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Bro, they still can't get that
dialog: spot out.
text: Grendel downs Ford with a punch to the gut and tears the
text: CDs from Ford's pocket. Smiley laughs and whimsically
text: shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Ford, you were right!
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Ye-ah.
text: Julian picks up a remote control and zaps a STEREO. A
text: dramatic CLASSICAL PIECE floats on. He then coolly pops
text: open the drawers of three CD modems beneath a large
text: computer screen. He plunks a disc in each...
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Actually you're a bit off in the
dialog: motivation department... I mean,
dialog: revenge is so... Bronson.
dialog: (furious, coming
dialog: to the third modem)
dialog: Wait, where's the third C.D.? How
dialog: could you come here without proof?
dialog: It's a three piece set here! A
text: computer disc from Colleen, Bobby's
text: computer disc, and Johnny's computer
dialog: disc. Together they make, oh
dialog: fucking forget it!
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Yeah, yeah, I know the third one
text: unscrambles the high bits and the
dialog: low bits. Shit, just start torturing
dialog: me, man. I didn't even know Johnny
dialog: had a disc and I can't deal with
dialog: any 'Don't play games with me, Mr.
dialog: Fairlane' bullshit.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Don't play games... ugh. Did you
dialog: say you don't have the third... ugh.
dialog: (a beat of
dialog: contemplation)
dialog: I'm not going to torture you, Ford.
text: The two Gunslingers enter and along with everyone else in
text: the room, look to Zuzu who obliviously pops a bubblegum
dialog: bubble.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Not her, Ford. I'm afraid
dialog: sometimes a pussy is just a pussy,
text: but a 1962 Fender Stratocaster
dialog: with an original Humbucking
dialog: Pick-ups, maple neck, strung
text: upside down for a left-handed
dialog: genius -- Jimi Hendrix, is
dialog: something else entirely.
text: The Punk Gunslinger lifts up Ford's beloved guitar out
text: from under a couch in the office as Smiley bolts behind
text: Ford and holds his arms behind his back.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: No! U-gh!
speaker_heading: PUNK GUNSLINGER
dialog: Hey, that's the sound your koala
dialog: bear made when we hung it.
text: Grendel throws down the 2/3 and takes the guitar from the
text: Punk. He gently places the guitar on the table and takes
text: a comfy seated position on the couch. He flicks a
text: switchblade and lowers it toward the guitar.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: It doesn't have to be like this?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Oh God, please, don't!
text: Grendel fiendishly plucks a guitar string with the knife.
text: Ford acts as if it was cutting off his tongue instead.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Don't you think this guitar would
dialog: look a lot neater with Ford's name
dialog: on it?
speaker_heading: GUNSLINGERS
dialog: Ooooooh, yeah.
text: The Punk begins carving the letter F on the front of the
text: guitar. Ford gets dizzy. Smiley has to slap him awake.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Rape!
text: The Punk Gunslinger removes a power drill from his coat
text: pocket and hands the cord to the Heavy Metal Gunslinger
text: who scampers to an outlet to plug it in. Julian takes the
text: DRILL and turns it ON, GUNNING the power with wicked bliss.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Okay! Okay. You got me. Boy,
dialog: you guys are tough. I have the
dialog: third disc. Indeed. I. Do.
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: (smiling, a light
dialog: bulb dimly lighting)
dialog: Yeah you assholes, it's in a very
dialog: safe place with instructions to
dialog: have it sent directly to the police
dialog: if I don't make a phone call by seven
dialog: o'clock. So if you'll excuse us...
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: It's 7:30. You really should get
text: a watch.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Ah, I didn't say seven P.M., now
dialog: did I?
text: Grendel laughs and lights up a cigarette. He motions for
text: Smiley to let go of Ford. Ford proceeds to light up a
dialog: cigarette also.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Ford. Ford. Ford. It's too bad
dialog: it had to end like this. We could
dialog: have been friends. We're so much
dialog: alike. We both know 'Rock-N-Roll'
dialog: is all bullshit. That life is a
dialog: disease and everyone's a victim.
dialog: Hell, we even smoke the same brand
dialog: of cigarettes.
text: Ford is spooked. He tosses his cigarette away.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I just gave up smoking. A last
dialog: drink?
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: I'm running a little late. You
dialog: see, I'm having a party at THE
dialog: Club to introduce the new lead
dialog: singer for Black Vomit. Everyone
dialog: in the industry will be there,
dialog: including our friend, Don Cleveland.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: What about Don?
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
text: Before Black Vomit starts its set,
text: Don will have his head blown off.
dialog: The papers next week will reveal
dialog: that he was partners with Bobby,
dialog: Johnny, and Collie in 'the Grendel
dialog: Records scam.' He killed them
dialog: to pay off a debt to 'the mob' or
dialog: something lame like that. And
dialog: then the mob iced him. It's all
text: more tasteful than it sounds.
speaker_heading: ZUZU (O.S.)
dialog: I can't believe you guys hung a
dialog: koala bear...
text: Everyone turns in dismay to the batty girl. The Heavy
text: Metal Gunslinger is working the bar.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: That is. So. Graphic. I mean
dialog: I'm still in shock here. You know
dialog: I had a dream about a priest
dialog: hanging a koala bear during my
dialog: first communion...
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: (reading lips)
dialog: Is she saying what I think she's...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'm afraid so, you want her?
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: But you know, that was just a
dialog: dream. Doesn't really count.
speaker_heading: FORD & GRENDEL
dialog: Shut up!
text: The Metal Gunslinger brings Julian and Ford each a glass
dialog: of vodka.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (raising his glass)
dialog: Julian, you're evil incarnate.
dialog: And you know, while I'm a little
dialog: angry that you're going to kill me
dialog: and all, I gotta salute your
dialog: toughness. Life threw you lemons,
dialog: and gall darnit, you made lemonade.
dialog: Julian Grendel, guys like you don't
dialog: grow on trees. Here's to you...
dialog: (smashing the glass
dialog: into Julian's head)
dialog: sucking my dick.
text: Grendel spins off, howling in pain. The Punk and Heavy
text: Metal Gunslingers rush toward Ford but he dispatches both
text: of them with swift punches. Smiley though grabs him from
text: behind and holds his arms.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Take a free hit, bro. Come on...
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Sure...
text: Grendel wipes off his face and steps toward Ford. He
text: then stops and with all his might, backhands Zuzu across
text: the face, sending her tumbling to the floor. He smiles
text: and then gives her a kick in the ribs for good measure.
text: Ford breaks from Smiley and rushes down to Zuzu.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Kill them. Not quickly.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: If you ask me that question one more...
text: As Zuzu speaks, Ford reaches in her mouth and pulls out
text: her gum with one hand. With the other hand, he removes
text: one of her earrings.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: When I say 'no,' run for the door.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: (pausing at doorway)
dialog: Oh, wait. One sec. Open the window.
text: The Heavy Metal Gunslinger pries open the window. Julian
text: picks up Ford's guitar with two hands and heaves it over
text: Ford and Zuzu's head and out the window.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Ciao.
text: Grendel and the Punk Gunslinger make a brisk exit. The
text: Heavy Metal Gunslinger draws his gun while Smiley smiles
text: and cracks his knuckles.
text: For stands up and speaks whimsically...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Don't hurt me?
text: Smiley punches Ford across the jaw -- snapping his head
text: back. He then grabs him by the collar and thrusts him
text: across the wall -- smack -- over the desk -- into the
text: wall. Right next to a wall socket.
text: Zuzu felinely kneels before the Heavy Metal Gunslinger,
text: sneakily picking up the 2/3 C.D. from the floor.
scene_heading: HEAVY METAL GUNSLINGER
dialog: Now we're talking...
text: Ford jams the earrings from his right hand into the
text: chewed gum from his left hand and then shoves them into
text: a wall socket.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Now!
text: Zuzu punches the Gunslinger in the groin -- the EARRINGS
text: SPARK -- and the lights go out. The CLASSICAL MUSIC
text: GRINDS TO A HALT and gives way to the sound of GRUNTS
text: and PUNCHES.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Ford rounds a corner, holding a hand.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Move it!
text: Ford pulls the hand around the corner. It belongs to the
text: dazed Heavy Metal Gunslinger. Ford with a brutal yank,
text: pulls him into his knee, doubling him up. Ford watches
text: him drop to the floor as Zuzu rounds the corner holding
dialog: her eye.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Nice left you got there, jerk.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Sorry, it was dark, now come on.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER CORRIDOR
text: Ford and Zuzu race around another corridor. Zuzu sees a
text: door -- "Roof Access" -- she opens it.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: This way...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: No, wait...
text: Smiley and the Heavy Metal Gunslinger chug around the
text: corner. Ford follows Zuzu...
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - NIGHT
text: Ford and Zuzu stumble out of a door, smack into a giant
text: 10-foot needle jutting into the night sky. Ford
text: immediately wields back around and grabs for the roof
text: access door, but it has closed. He tries to open it,
text: but it has locked. A BULLET EXPLODES the lock.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Suck a dick, I left my purse...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: As Clark Gable said to Ava Gardner
dialog: in Mogambo: 'Fuck the purse,
dialog: we're gonna die-e-e.'
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Reality-reality-reality --
dialog: Outrageous building, huh?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Ye-ah.
scene_heading: VERY WIDE - CAPITAL RECORDS BUILDING
text: A 14-story stack of records on Hollywood and Vine.
text: Circular awnings ring each floor creating the illusion of
text: a tower of discs.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL ROOF
text: Smiley and the Metal Gunslinger plow onto the roof. Alone!
scene_heading: EXT. 14TH FLOOR LEDGE
text: Ford and Zuzu are climbing down and around the side of the
dialog: building.
text: The ledge is about a foot wide -- the sheet metal awning
text: juts down and out at a forty-five degree angle just under
text: and out from the ledge.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: And you say I never take you
dialog: anywhere.
text: The two of them shimmy and sway along the edge until they
text: reach a space in the awning. Ford starts to lower himself
text: through the space to the next level, nine feet below.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITAL ROOF
text: Smiley looks over the edge -- straight down. Between the
text: cracks we can see Ford and Zuzu on their precarious journey.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: Let's rock.
text: The Gunslinger gives him a "You've got to be kidding"
text: look. Smiley keeps smiling. Nope. The Metal Gunslinger
text: takes off his gunslinger coat and his Armani jacket.
scene_heading: EXT. 12TH FLOOR AWNING
text: Zuzu's feet dangle -- she hits the tiny ledge. Ford
text: steadies her.
text: Ford tries to open a window, but it's locked. He tries
text: the next one -- they're all locked. Ford kicks the
text: window. Bonk! -- the glass bounces, unaffected -- Whoa!
text: -- Ford teeters from the hit -- falling -- Zuzu grabs him
text: and pulls him back up.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Pretty smooth, huh?
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Smooth. I know this is dangerous
dialog: and everything but it's kind of fun.
dialog: Ever see "Batman," you know when
text: Batman and Robin are climbing up the
dialog: side of the building and somebody
text: sticks their head outside the window
dialog: and says... I forget what they said
dialog: but it's pretty funny.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Why have you come to my planet?
text: A BULLET ZINGS by! Zuzu shrieks -- they look up.
text: Between the spaces, the Metal Gunslinger points the
text: business end of a gun between the awnings from the 14th
text: floor ledge.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Around!
text: They move along the side of the building -- making for the
text: next space in the awning.
scene_heading: DIFFERENT LEDGE - WITH SMILEY
text: Smiley hits the ledge and teeters. He steadies and moves on.
scene_heading: 11TH FLOOR - FORD AND ZUZU
text: drop down -- start working their way through the next gap.
text: WIDE AND HIGH ON ALL THIS
text: The SHOT SPINS AROUND the Capitol Building. Ford and Zuzu
text: are zigging and zagging and dropping down. The Metal
text: Gunslinger follows them from a few floors above -- going
text: left and right. Smiley is concentrating on going straight
dialog: down.
scene_heading: HEAVY METAL GUNSLINGER
text: prepares to go down. Sticking his gun in his mouth, he
text: slaps down on the rim of the next ledge...
scene_heading: NINTH FLOOR - RIGHT BETWEEN FORD AND ZUZU
speaker_heading: FORD/ZUZU
dialog: Wow.
text: His gun still in his mouth, the Gunslinger swings and flaps
text: his arms trying to get his equilibrium. Falling backward,
text: he yelps out of the corner of his gun-clenching mouth.
scene_heading: HEAVY METAL GUNSLINGER
dialog: He-lp.
text: Zuzu instinctively reaches out for him. And grabs the
dialog: GUN. And the trigger.
text: She innocently BLOWS the back of his head off. The
text: corpse bounces off the awning...
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Oops.
scene_heading: EXT. VINE - ATOP WONDER BREAD TOUR BUS - NIGHT
text: On the roof of the Wonder Bread tour bus, a TOUR GUIDE is
text: blabbing through a bullhorn to a bunch of seated tourists.
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE
text: The building is a symbol for the
dialog: music industry, a business where
dialog: anything can happen and usually...
text: The corpse of the Heavy Metal Gunslinger slams down before
text: him with a crash that turns into a gaping hole on the bus.
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE
dialog: ... does.
text: BACK TO NINTH FLOOR
text: Zuzu flings the gun away from herself.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Ick.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I won't ask why you would want to
dialog: help someone trying to kill you,
dialog: but hey, good job. Shall we?
text: Ford helps Zuzu drop her feet into the hap... and Smiley's
text: hand juts up and grabs Zuzu's legs. Smiley is in midair
text: pulling down on Zuzu. He must have jumped up to snatch them.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: How's it going?
speaker_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR
text: Smiley and Zuzu fall down as one. Slap! -- Smiley hits
text: the ledge -- let's go of Zuzu -- and she falls outward.
text: Clang! -- Zuzu slams into the slanted metal awning -- her
text: feet slide out from underneath her like a bad ice skater
text: -- she reaches for the ledge -- misses -- but slap! She
text: grabs onto the top edge of the awning.
text: She lays there, at a forty-five degree angle, her feet
text: sticking out into the atmosphere.
text: And Smiley stands right above her grinning. Smiley rests
text: a steadying hand on the wall -- sticks his foot out
text: towards the top of the awning -- towards Zuzu's fingers.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Oh, Fo-ord!
text: THUNK -- Ford drops from above and lands on the ledge
text: behind Smiley. Smiley's gloved hands lunge out at Ford
text: and grab his throat. Ford shoots his hands out and
text: locks them on Smiley's neck.
text: Zuzu hangs on for dear life as Ford and Smiley squeeze-
text: push-twist -- both almost dependant on the other to keep
text: balance. Bored, Smiley decides to finish off Ford. He
text: swings Ford's head out a bit, then in, smashing Ford's
text: skull against the building.
text: The force of the smash knocks them both off balance.
text: They twist -- tip -- let go of each other -- and both
text: fall -- CLANG! -- CLANG! -- onto the METAL awning right
text: next to Zuzu -- Smiley in the middle. Each holding on
text: with one hand to the CREAKING AWNING, they both start
text: to wail punches on each other. Then kicking.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Fluck this.
text: Zuzu gets into the act. With her nails. And Smiley's
text: eyes. She rips away blindly at his face.
text: Smiley yells. He loses his grip and starts to slide down
text: -- until he grabs Ford's belt.
text: Ford gleefully unloosens his belt and lets a desperate
text: and descending Smiley yank it all the way out. Ford
text: reaches out to the belt at the last second. He savors
text: the sight of Smiley hanging on for dear life.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I want you to say that you're the
dialog: biggest sissy in the whole wide world.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: I'm. The. Biggest. Sissy. In.
dialog: The. Wide. World.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Okay. 'B-y-e!
text: Before Ford can let go of the belt, he catches sight of
text: Smiley's glove ripping open revealing a Snoopy-in-a
text: fighter-pilot-suit ring, just like his son's, The Kid.
text: The "Snoopy and the Red Baron" SONG PLAYS a couple of
text: beats. Ford looks to God.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Hey. God. You're an asshole.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Let go of the belt! What are you
dialog: doing? You got mad at me for
text: trying to save the other guy.
text: Smiley starts to pull himself back up as Ford contemplates.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I can't kill this kid's father...
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Who do you think you are, Ford?
dialog: The tooth fairy. Kill! Kill! Kill!
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: This is fucking unbelievable. Zuzu,
dialog: it's a long story, you see...
text: Smiley suddenly lurches up to Ford's neck and starts
text: strangling away. And that's when the awning bends -- it
dialog: wasn't built for this. The angle changes from forty-five
text: to twenty-five as all three people slam down and bounce.
text: The Snoopy comes off in Ford's hand.
text: They all lose their grip. And free fall.
text: In midair, Zuzu latches onto Ford's legs and Smiley
text: latches onto Zuzu's legs. Ford's elbow crunches through
text: the edge of the next metal awning. His encrusted elbow
dialog: is the only thing that is keeping the dangling three-way
text: chain of himself, Zuzu and Smiley from death. All three
text: howl and scream in amusing syncopation.
text: Ford looks to his left and stops screaming. Hanging from
text: two good guitar strings, off a building thermometer, is
text: the guitar. Ford loudly cheers and breaks into a
text: rendition of "Purple Haze."
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: 'Excuse me, while I kiss the sky.'
text: (loudly hums a
dialog: 'Haze' riff)
dialog: Whoooo! Oh, God, buddy, I'm sorry
dialog: for calling you an asshole.
dialog: You're number one, man! Hey,
dialog: Zuzu, look I found my guitar.
text: Ford looks down to Zuzu who is rightfully wailing her
text: head off. Ford is slapped back into reality. Ford looks
text: over to his guitar, back down to Zuzu, then up to God.
text: He whines.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You're tearing me apart, here!
text: Ford reaches over to his guitar and unhooks it from the
text: thermometer with his free hand.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Sorry, Jimi.
text: Ford fiercely flings down his guitar. It blazes down into
text: Smiley's face. Smiley lets go of Zuzu with a final howl.
text: Ford and the viewer watch the guitar swirl and spin in
text: the air before crunching to the ground.
text: Zuzu climbs up Ford's back and INTO the FRAME.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Thanks. I know how much that
dialog: thang meant to you.
text: They semi-romantically kiss. Zuzu squeals in mock
text: indignation.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Hello, Mr. Tongue! What a perv.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You wish. Come on, let's get
dialog: outta here.
scene_heading: ENTRANCE TO CAPITAL RECORDS BUILDING - LATER
text: placidly sits before the viewer. Suddenly, Ford and
text: Zuzu, drop down from the TOP of the FRAME and land on
text: their feet, their BACKS turned TO the CAMERA. They stand
text: shellshocked and motionless for a moment, until Ford
text: turns around and tries to catch his breath. Zuzu's body
text: language says that she still thinks she's on a ledge.
text: An AMIABLE TOURIST COUPLE approach the devastated duo.
scene_heading: AMIABLE MALE TOURIST
dialog: Excuse me, could you give us directions
dialog: to the Mann Chinese Theatre?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Go back to Michigan, asswipe.
scene_heading: AMIABLE MALE TOURIST
dialog: But we're from Wisconsin...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: What's the fucking difference?
text: The Tourists flee, flabbergasted. Ford goes to comfort Zuzu.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: (glaring)
dialog: There's that question...
text: Jazz rushes up to the surly pair, wearing an eyepatch
text: and a forearm cast.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: How'd it go?
text: Ford and Zuzu give Jazz the look of death before contin-
text: uing down the sidewalk, their heads drearily looking
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Your timing swallows the massive
dialog: one.
dialog: Grendel just tried to kill
text: us, he's about to frame and kiss
dialog: Don, and we can't do shit. Don't
dialog: even ask about those discs.
dialog: Goddamn that Art Mooney with a
dialog: star by his name! It's tied to
dialog: Johnny's C.D., I know.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Johnny's C.D.?
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Maybe Art Mooney's the name of
dialog: like a constellation...
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: And maybe the stars correlate with
dialog: a map in the Thomas Guide... sounds
dialog: pretty decaf, doesn't it?
text: Jazz and Zuzu futiley look in the air as Ford moves for-
text: ward with his head still down. Ford suddenly stops and
text: speaks with an increasingly beatific smile.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Ladies, life's not that complicated.
text: The women race back to Ford as he falls to his knees and
text: howls...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Art, baby!
text: The VIEWER'S VIEWPOINT WILDLY SWINGS AROUND and DOWN to
text: see a star, a Hollywood Walk of Fame star. "Art Mooney"
text: is printed just above a five inch record symbol.
text: The ladies kneel down to the brain-racing Ford.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Oh how sweet, your friend's got
dialog: his own star.
speaker_heading: FORD
scene_heading: ArtArtArtArtMooneyMooneyMooney
dialog: Mooney.
text: Ford frantically massages the star. He digs his nails
text: into the little record symbol and POP! It flips off the
text: star, revealing a five inch hole. A silvery rainbow
text: sparkle comes from that inch. Ford sticks his finger
dialog: in --
text: And pulls out a compact disc (a red number three right
text: on the disc). A Black Vomit one. The third CD.
text: Exciting THEME MUSIC CRANKS on the SOUNDTRACK until...
scene_heading: INT. THE CLUB - NIGHT
text: A dazzling assortment of music industry-types bark and
text: laugh with each other in a decidedly unfrivolous manner.
text: This isn't a typical club scene. Everyone here oozes
dialog: importance.
text: Julian Grendel works the crowd like Zeus, the CLASSICAL
text: PIECE playing in his head and ON the SOUNDTRACK.
scene_heading: INT. JULIAN'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: The more MODERN THEME MUSIC TAKES OVER as Ford, Jazz, and
text: Zuzu barge into the room and head to Grendel's computer.
scene_heading: INT. THE CLUB
text: The CLASSICAL MUSIC of Julian's brain RETURNS as he
text: kisses each one of the Ovaries.
scene_heading: INT. JULIAN'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: The MODERN MUSIC USURPS. Ford, Jazz, and Zuzu each raise
text: up a remote control and fire. The three, filled, CD modem
text: doors slides shut.
scene_heading: INT. THE CLUB
text: The short club owners, Jaime and Larry, converge on Julian.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: This is the best party ever
dialog: thrown here...
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: It's going to be a night to
dialog: remember...
scene_heading: INT. GRENDEL'S OFFICE
text: The trio deals with a barrage of facts and figures on the
text: computer screen.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: What an interface!
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Seems to be information about a
dialog: factory in Vancouver.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Yeah, Colleen mentioned it. What
dialog: do they make?
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: C.D.s. The music kind. From the
dialog: Grendel label.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Without Grendel knowing about it.
dialog: B-I-N-G-O and Bingo was his name-O.
dialog: Counterfeit C.D.s. Tape piracy
dialog: has graduated to disc piracy, the
dialog: sound quality's better, and so's
dialog: the money.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: But the funny thing is, take a look
dialog: at these Swiss bank account numbers.
dialog: We got Bobby, Johnny, Colleen...
dialog: and Julian Grendel.
scene_heading: INT. THE CLUB
text: Grendel keeps moving to genially thwap Don Cleveland on
dialog: the back.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: I wish you could hear the buzz
dialog: this party is making...
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: I can feel it, man... Can I talk
dialog: to you in private...
text: Grendel ominously grabs Don's elbow with a chilling grin.
scene_heading: INT. GRENDEL'S OFFICE
text: The gang takes it all in.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Grendel was in charge of the
text: ripping off of the company.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: It started after Old Jack Grendel
dialog: died, the others were just
dialog: investors.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: After their initial investment in
dialog: the factory, Grendel didn't need
dialog: them. Told them to fuck off.
dialog: They tried to get these C.D.s
dialog: together in order to have proof of
dialog: Grendel's involvement, so they could
dialog: keep him in line. Now's the fun part...
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: I can't believe I lost an eye for
text: a bunch of phony C.D.s
text: They race to the door. Zuzu gets there first.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Oh God, the door's locked. We're
dialog: going to have to crawl down!
speaker_heading: FORD AND ZUZU
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: ZUZU
text: (gleefully opening
dialog: the door)
dialog: Psyche.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY BEHIND CLUB - NIGHT
text: Grendel, Don, and the Punk Gunslinger stand tensely
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: What can I say, Don, it's
dialog: business.
dialog: (to Punk Gunslinger)
dialog: Dump the body in, let's say,
dialog: Chinatown.
text: Julian oozes back into the club. The Punk Gunslinger
text: raises his silencer-gun to Don's chest... just as Jazz's
text: Volkswagen storms into the alley. The big bashes the
text: Punk sending him flying over the car and crashing on the
dialog: ground.
text: Ford, Jazz, and Zuzu giddily bop out of the car.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Hey, Don, how's the high blood
dialog: pressure.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Could somebody tell me what's
text: going on? Like slo-owly...
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: You-see-it-all-starts-with-this-
dialog: factory-in-Vancouver-and there's
dialog: these-C.D.s...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'll mail you a letter, come on!
text: Ford, Zuzu, and Don go into the club. A grinningly cock-
text: sure Jazz walks around to the crumpled Punk Gunslinger,
text: who achingly tries to crawl toward his gun.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Let's see, you threw me through a
dialog: plate glass window and I hit you
dialog: with my Volkswagen. I think we're
dialog: in for a fair fight.
text: The Gunslinger springs up and punches Jazz in the gut.
text: She gasps.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Maybe not...
scene_heading: INT. CLUB - STAGE
text: Holding a radio mike, Grendel is in the throes of
dialog: grandiosity.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: They make jokes about the music
dialog: industry. They say it's cutthroat,
dialog: they say it's cynical, well we know
dialog: the truth! There's a lot of love
dialog: in this room tonight, but, but...
text: A flash of reflected light hits Grendel's face causing
text: him to wince. He wiggles his head and continues...
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: But I've talked long enough. Now,
dialog: the moment you've been waiting for.
dialog: I'd like you to meet the new singer
dialog: for Black Vomit... Kyle Troy!
text: Kyle Troy, the untalented prettyboy from the studio comes
text: out, wearing a heavy metal-style wig, to the bullshit
text: applause of the crowd. He is accompanied by a security
dialog: guard.
text: Grendel puts down the radio mike to applaud Kyle. The
text: flashing of reflected light hits Grendel a little more
text: fiercely. Annoyed, he looks offstage to its source.
scene_heading: GRENDEL'S POV - OFFSTAGE
text: Ford Fairlane stands offstage waving the compact disc
text: in the light and smiling.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - FORD
text: exaggeratedly mouths...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Read. My. Lips. You're. Going.
dialog: Down.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Grendel's face drops and then switches back to a wide
text: counterfeit grin, Grendel shuffles away from Kyle and the
text: flashbulbs. He steps over the radio mike he placed down
text: on the stage. A nubile hand reaches over the stage and
text: grabs it.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY
text: Jazz and the Punk Gunslinger crash into the Volkswagen,
text: shoving, grappling, and kicking. They crunch down onto
dialog: the ground.
text: The Gunslinger dives toward his gun. But a foot steps
text: on it. Jazz and the Punk look up to see a quite dapper
dialog: Sam the Ex-Sleaze.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I used to be just like you, abusing
dialog: women to hide my emotional
dialog: insecurities. I realize now that
dialog: a little insecurity is good for a
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Sam the Sleazebag to the rescue!
text: A dazed Punk Gunslinger leaps up and swings his fist at
text: Sam, who catches it with one hand.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You're ten seconds away from the
dialog: most embarrassing moment of your
dialog: life.
text: Sam and the Punk engage in a violent howling, wrestling
text: match. The Punk nails Sam with a kidney punch and then
text: bolts toward his gun. Jazz stands before him holding it
text: nervously. She lifts up her eyepatch to get better aim.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Please say you won't move! I
dialog: don't want to shoot you, actually
dialog: I wouldn't mind, but please, say
dialog: you won't move.
speaker_heading: PUNK GUNSLINGER
dialog: (charging toward her)
dialog: Die, whore!
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: I guess that's a no...
text: Jazz EMPTIES the GUN into his chest, sending him to the
text: ground. Sam wearily rises up.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Come on, Sam, vodka milkshakes are
dialog: on me.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE
text: Grendel hungrily bolts into the backstage area,
text: mock-worried.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You'd said something about proof...
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Oh please, Ford, I'll do any --
text: Grendel humbly approaches Ford but then levels a karate-
text: style kick into Ford's ribs. He snatches the CD from
text: Ford and splits it apart in the three pieces.
text: He savagely begins eating the CD pieces, bloodily cutting
text: his lips.
text: Ford pulls five more CD's from his pocket.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: And may I suggest for dessert, the
dialog: five copies I made...
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Fuck me...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Maybe later, but first I want like
dialog: to know why you'd steal from your
dialog: own company...
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: When I was young, I read Billboard
dialog: and I could not believe how much
dialog: Grendel Records and how little
dialog: of it my idiot father Old Jack
dialog: Grendel got.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Yeah, it's pretty amazing how much
dialog: cash you gotta give to the actual
dialog: artists who create the music. Those
dialog: ingrates really take a bite. But
dialog: seriously, when Pops died, you got
text: Vomit, Crunch, and Sutton to help
dialog: finance a C.D. Cleans operation.
dialog: You got greedy and they tried to
dialog: get the three discs together to
dialog: threaten you, but...
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: What is this, are you holding a
dialog: microphone behind my head?
text: Holding the radio mike, Zuzu scampers up behind Grendel
text: with giddy self-consciousness at the adventure at hand.
text: As Grendel launches into a tirade, Zuzu holds up the
text: mike just behind him. She reacts to his words with over-
text: the-top facial expressions.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: I should kill more music people!
dialog: When I was sixteen, I wrote an
dialog: opera, the greatest piece of music
dialog: ever created in the 20th Century
dialog: outside the Dirty Dancing
dialog: soundtrack. It was called 'Paco
dialog: the Shoeshine Boy.' When I showed
dialog: it to my father, he said it 'wasn't
dialog: happening.' That 'no playlists
dialog: worth his while would touch it'!
speaker_heading: CLUB
text: The crowd rumbles into silence to listen in shock to
text: Grendel's words coming over the loudspeaker.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL (V.O.)
dialog: Let's face it, making money is the
dialog: only art form open to innovation.
dialog: Whoever says they're in the
dialog: business because they like music
dialog: is a lying pathetic piece of shit
dialog: or total idiot like Kyle Troy...
speaker_heading: STAGE
text: A tear streams down Kyle's face.
speaker_heading: OFFSTAGE
text: Grendel continues to dig his own grave with Zuzu having a
text: ball in the b.g., exploiting his deafness with commentary.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Is this guy flucked up or what?
dialog: I think he's going to blow!
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: The day my father turned down
dialog: 'Paco' I dedicated my life to
dialog: taking over this fucking industry
dialog: and making it so disgusting, so
dialog: sleazy, and so corrupt that it
dialog: would have to self-destruct! I even
dialog: pissed in the punchbowl tonight...
speaker_heading: CLUB
text: A line of industry types by the punch bowl, simultan-
text: eously spit outward.
text: An amused eyepatchless Jazz, Sam in tow, passes them on
text: their way to the bar. Seeing Jazz, the bartender pulls
text: out a fountain glass in order to make a vodka milkshake.
speaker_heading: BACKSTAGE
text: Ford is actually concerned about the frothing Grendel.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Man, Julian, that accident took
dialog: away more than your hearing.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: Accident? Accident! You naive
dialog: pussball, when I realized my life
dialog: of music could only be a life of
dialog: music industry. I cut my fucking
dialog: ears off so I'd only hear my music.
dialog: Here, look.
text: Grendel pulls off his plastic ears and holds them out to
dialog: Ford.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Hoh graphic! I'm going to dream of
dialog: ears for a year! Ugh!
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Just be thankful he wasn't
text: dissatisfied with his sex life.
text: The Zuzu-directed comment causes Grendel to wield around.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: You little bitch...
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: (guilelessly into
dialog: the mike)
dialog: 'Feelings, whoa oh, feelings...'
text: Grendel loses it. The inner CLASSICAL MUSIC in his head
text: comes ON the SOUNDTRACK playing ten times faster than
dialog: normal.
text: Zuzu, with a squeal, runs off to the stage. Grendel
text: pursues...
speaker_heading: STAGE
text: Zuzu and Grendel run out in view of everyone. Grendel
text: looks out at the dead silent tableau of people who were
text: cheering him only moments before.
text: The crowd starts to boo...
text: Ford walks out onstage, having a hard time keeping down
text: a grin. Grendel suddenly yanks a gun from the security
text: guard and points it at Ford, who stops smiling. Kyle
text: Troy faints.
speaker_heading: BAR
text: The bartender puts a last blast of vodka atop the shake
text: and is right about to light it on fire, but Sam grabs
dialog: and throws...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Jazz!
text: Jazz catches it and she throws the shake up to the stage.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Ford!
text: Ford grabs the shake and flings the contents into Grendel,
text: who gets off a SHOT with his GUN. Ford dives behind an
text: amp as Julian lets another SHOT FLY. Ford pulls from his
text: pockets matchbooks from a multitude of L.A. clubs. He
text: lights a handful of them on fire as Grendel moves in for
dialog: the kill.
speaker_heading: GRENDEL
dialog: I'm still the king!
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (popping up)
dialog: Julian, you're fired.
text: Ford flings his homemade fireball into Grendel's vodka
text: doused tux. He explodes in flames, staggering around
dialog: the stage.
speaker_heading: CROWD
text: Jaime and Larry watch in bemused detachment.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: Is this for real, Larry?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: No way, Jaime. He's wearing this
text: gooey stuff on his body that the
dialog: flames can't affect. Bobby Vomit
dialog: opened his act this way.
speaker_heading: STAGE
text: The flaming Grendel stumbles to an electronic keyboard
text: set and begins playing a warped piano solo. The KEY-
text: BOARDS spark and churn amid the flames before grandly
text: EXPLODING along with Julian Grendel. The sprinkler system
text: blasts on.
speaker_heading: CROWD
text: A deadpan Larry turns to a jaw-dropped Jaime.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Now that... I have no idea...
text: Ford bounds off the stage. He is oblivious to the
text: sprinkler system-induced rain. Don greets him...
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Thanks for the promotion, man.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: No prob...
text: Jazz romantically moves through the makeshift rain. Ford
text: strides to her when Zuzu sprouts up holding hands with a
dialog: beefy rock.
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Look who I found. It's Damion
dialog: Flemm! He's taking me on tour to
dialog: Japan!
text: Ford laughs, almost fatherly, then asks the question.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: So, Zuzu. Are you okay?
speaker_heading: ZUZU
dialog: Yeah, Ford. I'm okay.
text: Zuzu tenderly kisses him.
text: Seeing this, Jazz glumly droops her head and turns around
text: heading back out the club entrance. She passes an enter-
text: ing Lt. Amos and detective. Lt. Amos is wearing the
dialog: infamous white John Travolta Saturday Night Fever
text: ensemble, with gold chains.
text: The sprinkler system has gone off.
speaker_heading: LT. AMOS
dialog: You do realize that tonight is
dialog: disco appreciation night at the
dialog: Coconut Teazer...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: I'm sorry, sir, but we got a report
dialog: that Fairlane and the psycho-
dialog: killer-groupie are here.
speaker_heading: LT. AMOS
dialog: There they are! Hey!
text: Ford and Zuzu turn to Amos with "Oh brother" expressions.
text: They walk toward him with smiling faces.
speaker_heading: LT. AMOS
dialog: I should've known you two were in
dialog: this together...
text: Zuzu drops to her knees.
speaker_heading: LT. AMOS
dialog: Sorry, sexual favors won't help...
text: Zuzu slams Amos in the groin, sending him to his knees.
text: Ford shoves the CDs in his pocket.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Happy listening...
text: Ford looks for Jazz all around him with a confused expres-
text: sion. The Ovaries approach, two of them have their arms
text: wrapped around Sam the ex-sleazebag.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I've learned my lesson, Ford.
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: OVARY TWO
dialog: Isn't he the best? Why don't you
dialog: come out with us?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Can't. Have you seen my assistant,
dialog: Jazz?
speaker_heading: OVARY ONE
dialog: She took off. Said something about
dialog: you being a real asshole.
text: Ford glumly droops his head and shuffles away...
scene_heading: EXT. CORNER OF FORD'S STREET - LATER IN NIGHT
text: An RTD BUS RUMBLES to the corner of Ford's street. The
text: sad Detective shuffles off the bus to the tune of the
text: SADDEST SONG in film history.
text: As Ford walks toward his house, he passes his debris,
text: still splayed out on the street from the night before;
text: mangled gold records, smoldered speakers, his red hotline
text: now burntline phone, and then there's that funky sliding-
text: arm-and-gun apparatus with a gun attached. Ford picks it
text: up, sliding the gun back and forth with a rueful smile.
text: Ford's house is looking gloomy, dark, and missing a lot
text: of pieces. Ford walks through the intact, but dis-
text: embodied, front door.
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S HOUSE
text: Head still drooping, Ford closes the door behind him.
text: A CLICK causes him to look up. Sitting atop a battered
text: piece of couch, blood stains neatly blended into his tie-
text: dye shirt, is Smiley holding a gun. Cheerful as always.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: How's it going?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You gotta be kidding! This is
dialog: unfuckingbelievable! I have to
dialog: start the evening crawling down
dialog: Capital Records, I shoulda chose
dialog: suicide then, but oh no, the night
dialog: was young! Next up, my guitar!
dialog: The second most important thing
dialog: I own and now it's toothpicks for
dialog: the homeless on Hollywood
dialog: Boulevard! Then, then, after I
dialog: burned up your brother, Jazz... I
dialog: should say as a fucking footnote
dialog: I've usually treated women like
dialog: shit -- used corsages, the wet
dialog: spot, you know giving out Domino's
dialog: Pizza's phone number and saying
dialog: it's mine... Tonight was different.
dialog: I felt respect. I felt love. Then
dialog: Jazz left me... and now I get to die!
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: The point?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Let me go out like a man.
speaker_heading: SMILEY
dialog: (tossing away
dialog: his gun)
dialog: Anyway you want it, asshole.
text: Ford super-swiftly raises his arm and Ta-daah! The gun
text: slides smoothly down his arm into his hand. Smiley, for
text: the first time in our story, stops smiling. Ford FIRES a
text: cute hole in his forehead, sending him crashing into a wall
text: that was barely standing to begin with. It crumbles down...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (to his arm)
dialog: Thanks for working.
dialog: (to Smiley)
dialog: Thanks for being a hu-uge bonehead.
dialog: 'Let me go out like a man' -- Ha!
scene_heading: EXT. FORD'S HOUSE
text: Ford emerges from the more disembodied than ever front
text: door. The Kid stands before him, on the front lawn.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: So, did you find my dad?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Well, I got some good news and
dialog: some bad news.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Yeah, go on...
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Good news is that yeah, I found
dialog: him. The bad news is...
text: Ford raises his hand. He is wearing the Snoopy the
dialog: Fighter Pilot ring.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: It's me.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: What kind of sentimental bullshit
dialog: is this?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Hey, I love you, too, you little
dialog: jerk. Jesus, guy tries to make a
dialog: commitment and he's gotta eat shit.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Who's my real father, man?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: He, he, lives in South America...
dialog: he's doing that anthropologist-
dialog: archeologist-dentist kind of thing
dialog: ... he's real busy.
text: The Kid starts to sob. Ford reaches out and grabs his
text: hand. Their Snoopy rings touch.
text: The two tough guys walk down the street together, holding
text: hands. The viewer's VIEWPOINT HANGS BACK, allowing them
dialog: some privacy.
speaker_heading: FORD (V.O.)
dialog: I need someone to help me with my
dialog: case load, you interested? This
dialog: whole father/son thing, if you're
dialog: not into it, I mean, it's okay.
dialog: You know what I'm saying?
speaker_heading: THE KID (V.O.)
dialog: Shut the heck up... Pop.
text: Suddenly Jazz's VOLKSWAGEN SCREECHES before the pair.
text: The viewer's VIEWPOINT QUICKLY GOES TO the action as Jazz
text: jettisons from her car, holding out some keys...
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: I just can't deal with all this
dialog: crap between us, I'm sorry. I'm
dialog: quitting.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Let's get hitched. I guess I,
dialog: you know, love you. It's a
dialog: beautiful thing.
speaker_heading: JAZZ
dialog: Wha --
text: The moment is broken by a RINGING PHONE. Ford shushes
text: Jazz with his finger and then backtracks to his burnt-
text: ridiculously-still-working, hotline phone. He picks up.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: K-O-D-S is going to make me rich.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND - PERFECT DAY
text: The viewer's VIEWPOINT is LULLED TO a friendly hut by a
text: beautiful tropical cove. A humble hand-drawn sign reads:
scene_heading: FORD FAIRLANE, PRIVATE INVESTIGATOR - FISHERMEN ONLY.
text: SWINGING AROUND the hut, the viewer DISCERNS Ford, Jazz,
text: and The Kid kicking back on chaise lounges in silly
text: tropical shirts with identical sunglasses.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I love the music industry,
dialog: especially the tacky radio
dialog: giveaway part...
text: The viewer's VIEWPOINT PANS OVER a bit to reveal, sitting
text: next to The Kid on a very small chaise lounge and in a
text: very small leather jacket is the koala bear with a sweet
dialog: little neck brace.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON FORD
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Wha-at. You didn't really think
dialog: we'd kill the flucking koala bear,
dialog: did you?
dialog: 
