text: 
text: THE PERKS OF BEING a WALLFLOWER
dialog: Written by
dialog: Stephen Chbosky
dialog: Final Draft
text: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 1 EXT. TUNNEL - NIGHT 1
text: The titles begin over black. We hear the sound of an old
text: typewriter. Someone reaching out to us. The bell dings,
text: announcing the end of a line, and we see our title...
text: THE PERKS OF BEING A WALLFLOWER
text: Music begins, picture fades up, and we are in the city.
text: Downtown Pittsburgh. Looking out of the back window like a
text: child in the back of a station wagon.
text: We see lights on buildings and everything that makes us
text: wonder. We see the bridge. And the river below. And then
dialog: we enter...
dialog: The Tunnel.
text: We keep moving backwards, watching the lights. Golden,
text: alive, and hypnotic. The music carries us as we float out of
text: the tunnel. Onto another bridge. And over the highway.
text: We move into the night sky, back through the trees, through a
text: window, and into...
scene_heading: 2 INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 2
text: It is a neat and tidy little room. Few posters or books.
text: CHARLIE is 15. He is innocent, hopeful, awkward, and likable
text: to everyone but his classmates. He sits at his desk, writing
text: a letter in pencil as he tapes the title song through the
text: radio on his cassette boom box.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Friend, I am writing to you because
dialog: she said you listen and understand and
dialog: didn't try to sleep with that person at
dialog: that party even though you could have.
dialog: Please don't try to figure out who she is
dialog: because then you might figure out who I
dialog: am, and I don't want you to do that. I
dialog: just need to know that people like you
dialog: exist. Like if you met me, you wouldn't
dialog: think I was the weird kid who spent time
dialog: in the hospital. And I wouldn't make you
text: nervous.
scene_heading: 3 INT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER 3
text: Charlie anxiously walks through the hallway of his suburban
dialog: split level house.
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: I hope it's okay for me to think that.
dialog: You see, I haven't really talked to
dialog: anyone outside of my family all summer.
text: Charlie moves to the living room where dad watches a football
text: game. Mom reads a page turner and sips her white wine.
text: Charlie waits for them to notice him. And waits. And waits.
scene_heading: 4 INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 4
text: Charlie sits at his desk, continuing his letter in pencil.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: But tomorrow is my first day of high
dialog: school ever, and I really need to turn
dialog: things around this year.
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: So, I have a plan.
scene_heading: 5 INT. MILL GROVE HIGH SCHOOL HALLWAY - LAST DAY 5
text: We see it in Charlie's mind. Slow motion and wondrous. The
text: kids clear out their lockers by throwing their old papers in
text: the air like a New York confetti parade.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: As I enter the school for the first time,
dialog: I will visualize what it will be like on
dialog: the last day of my senior year.
text: Charlie walks down the hall. Triumphant. Confident. Happy.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Unfortunately, I counted, and that's...
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 6 INT. MILL GROVE HIGH SCHOOL HALLWAY - FIRST DAY 6
text: Reality. The bell rings, and we see the chaotic maze from
text: Charlie's POV. A SENIOR BULLY leads the ritual, making
text: dozens of freshmen hop down the hall.
speaker_heading: SENIOR BULLY
dialog: Hop, freshman toads. Hop! Move it, boys!
text: As seniors grab more victims, Charlie moves to the wall.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: ... 1,385 days from now.
text: VARSITY FOOTBALL PLAYERS pass, wearing their letter jackets.
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: LINEBACKER
dialog: Man, you got big.
speaker_heading: NOSE TACKLE
dialog: Worked out all summer. Rock hard, dude.
text: At the front of the pack is BRAD HAYS (17), the quarterback.
text: He's good looking, charismatic, and friendly. The big man on
dialog: campus. Nice guy, too.
speaker_heading: BRAD HAYS
dialog: Would you guys get a room?
text: They laugh. Charlie turns to the trophy case to avoid them.
text: Trying to make himself as small as possible.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: (trying to be optimistic)
dialog: Just 1,385 days.
scene_heading: 7 INT. MILL GROVE HIGH SCHOOL - CAFETERIA - LUNCH 7
text: Charlie moves down the lunch line with his sister. CANDACE
text: KELMECKIS is 17 and a beautiful type A, straight A priss.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: In the meantime, I'd hoped that my sister
dialog: Candace and her boyfriend Derek would
dialog: have let me eat lunch with their earth
dialog: club.
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: Seniors only.
dialog: (barks to Derek)
dialog: What are you doing with a plastic spork?
text: Candace turns to her boyfriend, DEREK, 17. Derek is such a
text: pussy, the most masculine thing about him is his pony-tail.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: I don't want to bring back silverware--
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: Derek, you're Earth Club Treasurer.
text: Derek takes the silverware like a beaten dog. Charlie
text: watches them move into the intimidating cafeteria.
scene_heading: 8 INT. CAFETERIA - LATER 8
text: Charlie sits in the corner alone, observing everyone having a
text: great time with their friends. He sees a pretty girl with
text: blonde hair having the best first day. This is SUSAN, 14.
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: When my sister said no, I thought maybe
dialog: my old friend Susan would want to have
dialog: lunch with me.
text: Charlie catches her eye and waves, but she looks away.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: In middle school, Susan was very fun to
dialog: be around, but now she doesn't like to
dialog: say hi to me anymore.
text: Charlie turns his attention to the quarterback, Brad Hays.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: And then there's Brad Hays, who's the
dialog: quarterback of our team. Before my
dialog: brother went to play football for Penn
dialog: State, he and Brad played together. So,
dialog: I thought maybe he'd say hi to me. But
dialog: Brad's a senior, and I'm me, so... who am
dialog: I kidding?
text: Brad catches Charlie staring at him. Awkward.
scene_heading: 9 INT. SHOP CLASS - DAY 9
text: Charlie sits by himself, watching the freshmen boys laugh as
text: a senior paints a goatee on his face with a grease pencil.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: On the bright side, one senior decided to
dialog: make fun of the teacher instead of the
dialog: freshmen. He even drew on Mr. Callahan's
text: legendary goatee with a grease pencil.
dialog: Meet PATRICK (18), full of confidence, mischief, and so over
text: high school. He is the class clown, performing a perfect
text: imitation of the teacher, Mr. Callahan.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Boys, the prick punch is not a toy. I
dialog: learned that in 'Nam back in '68.
dialog: "Callahan," the sergeant said, "put down
dialog: that prick punch and go kill some gooks."
text: The laughter suddenly dies as the real MR. CALLAHAN (57)
text: walks up behind the oblivious Patrick.
speaker_heading: PATRICK (CONT'D)
dialog: But you know what happened? That prick
dialog: punch killed my best friend in a Saigon
dialog: whorehouse.
dialog: 5.
text: Patrick suddenly feels Mr. Callahan behind him. Oops.
speaker_heading: MR. CALLAHAN
dialog: I heard you were going to be in my class.
dialog: Are you proud being a senior taking
dialog: freshman shop, Patty-Cakes?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: My name is Patrick. You call me Patrick
dialog: or you call me nothing.
speaker_heading: MR. CALLAHAN
dialog: Okay... Nothing.
text: The class laughs. Except Charlie. He watches Patrick take
text: the long walk back to his seat.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: I felt really bad for Patrick. He wasn't
dialog: saying the impersonation to be mean or
dialog: anything. He was just trying to make us
dialog: freshmen feel better.
speaker_heading: MR. CALLAHAN
dialog: Everyone open your safety guides.
dialog: Nothing... why don't you read first?
text: Patrick opens the book.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Chapter 1. Surviving your fascist shop
dialog: teacher, who needs to put kids down to
dialog: feel big.
dialog: (to the class)
dialog: Oh, wow. This is useful guys. We should
dialog: read on.
text: Charlie smiles. He loves him already.
scene_heading: 10 INT. ENGLISH CLASS - MORNING 10
text: The kids pass back paperback copies of To Kill A Mockingbird.
text: Charlie opens his Trapper Keeper, takes a pencil out of the
text: plastic pouch, and writes... "ENGLISH CLASS... DAY ONE."
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: My last class of the day is advanced
dialog: English, and I'm excited to finally start
dialog: learning with the smartest kids in the
dialog: school...
text: A SMART ASS FRESHMAN girl with braces smiles at him.
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: SMART ASS FRESHMAN
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Nice Trapper Keeper, faggot.
text: The kids around him laugh. Charlie's ears turn red. At the
text: blackboard, the teacher writes his name... Mr. Anderson. But
dialog: you can call him BILL (27). Bill is an idealist.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Shhh. I'm Mr. Anderson. And thanks to
dialog: Teach for America, I'm going to be your
dialog: teacher for freshman English. This
dialog: semester, we're going to be learning
dialog: Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird.
dialog: Genius book. Now, who wants to get out
dialog: of the first pop quiz?
text: All hands go up. Except Charlie's. Bill paces the rows.
speaker_heading: BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm shocked. Alright. You can skip the
dialog: quiz if you tell me which author invented
dialog: the paperback book. Anyone?
text: As kids think, Bill confiscates contraband, removes hats.
speaker_heading: BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: He's British. He also invented the
dialog: serial. In fact, at the end of chapter 3
dialog: of his first novel, he had a man hanging
dialog: off a cliff by his fingernails. Hence,
dialog: the term cliffhanger. Anybody?
speaker_heading: FRESHMAN GIRL
dialog: Shakespeare.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: That's a great guess, but no, Shakespeare
dialog: didn't write novels. Anybody else?
dialog: (off their silence)
dialog: The author was...
text: Bill is about to give the answer when he notices Charlie has
dialog: already written... Charles Dickens.
speaker_heading: BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Charles Dickens. However, if you and
dialog: I had gone to a play in Shakespeare's
dialog: time, it would have cost 4 pennies. Can
dialog: you imagine that? We would have put
dialog: those pennies in a metal box, which the
dialog: ushers would lock in the office. And
dialog: that's where we get the term... anyone?
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: KIDS (O.S.)
dialog: "Office Depot!" "Office Supplies!"
text: Charlie writes down Box Office, then looks up to find that
text: Bill is staring at him. Waiting for him to raise his hand.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I'll give you a free "A" on anything but
dialog: the final term paper if you get it right.
text: Charlie looks down. He's not going to answer.
speaker_heading: BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Box office.
text: The kids groan. They should have known. Charlie smiles to
dialog: himself. He's going to like this class.
scene_heading: 11 INT. ENGLISH CLASS - LATER 11
text: The bell rings. The students chatter their way out of class.
text: The last to leave is Charlie.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: You should learn to participate.
text: Charlie stops and turns to find Bill erasing the board.
speaker_heading: BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Why didn't you raise your hand?
dialog: (off Charlie's shrug)
dialog: They call you teacher's pet? Freak?
dialog: (off Charlie's nod)
dialog: I used to get spaz. I mean, come on,
dialog: spaz?
text: Charlie smiles. Bill takes a moment. Then...
speaker_heading: BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: So, I heard you had a tough time last
dialog: year. But they say if you make one friend
dialog: on your first day, you're doing okay.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Thank you, sir, but if my English teacher
dialog: is the only friend I make today, that
dialog: would be sort of depressing.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Yeah. I could see that.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Don't worry, Mr. Anderson. I'm okay.
dialog: 8.
text: Bill nods and watches Charlie exit. He gets swallowed up by
text: the hallway as the bell rings.
scene_heading: 12 INT. MILL GROVE HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY - DAY 12
text: Charlie looks through the thick office glass. He sees
dialog: Patrick use his charms on MRS. SMALL, (58) the Principal.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (to Mrs. Small)
dialog: I would happily not take shop...
text: Out of nowhere, the SENIOR BULLY grabs Charlie's book.
speaker_heading: SENIOR BULLY
dialog: Hey, Freshman Toad.
text: The bully rips the cover. He throws it on the ground as his
text: friends laugh and disappear down the hall. Charlie walks up
text: and picks up his book.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Well, I have 1,384 days to go. And just
dialog: so I say it to someone, high school is
dialog: even worse than middle school.
scene_heading: 13 EXT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - DAY 13
text: Charlie walks up the path to his house.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: If my parents ask me about it, I probably
dialog: won't tell them the truth because I don't
dialog: want them to worry that I might get bad
dialog: again.
scene_heading: 14 INT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 14
text: Charlie tapes his book cover back together. He looks up as
text: his dad comes home from a long day. Charlie's mom hugs him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: If my Aunt Helen were still here, I could
dialog: talk to her. And I know she would
dialog: understand how I am both happy and sad,
dialog: and I'm still trying to figure out how
dialog: that could be. I just hope I make a
dialog: friend soon. Love always, Charlie.
scene_heading: 15 INT. CHARLIE'S DINING ROOM - EARLY EVENING 15
text: Charlie stands in the kitchen, pouring his milk.
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (O.S.)
dialog: Charlie, come on.
text: His family is seated around the table. Candace's boyfriend,
dialog: Derek, is their special guest.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Mmmm. This chicken paprikash is
dialog: delicious, Mrs. Kelmeckis.
text: Charlie's father rolls his eyes, then reads his sports page.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Thank you, Derek. It's Charlie's
dialog: favorite. He was a little nervous about
dialog: starting high school, so I made it.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You feel a little silly being nervous
dialog: now, huh, champ?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes, sir. I sure do.
text: Charlie carries his milk back to the table. He quickly sits,
text: hoping someone will change the subject.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I told you. Just give 'em a smile and be
dialog: yourself. That's how you--
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: "--make friends in the real world."
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You're cruisin' for a bruisin'.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Freshman year is tough, but you really
dialog: find yourself.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (deep eye roll)
dialog: Thanks, Derek.
scene_heading: 16 INT. LIVING ROOM / ENTRY HALL - EVENING 16
text: Charlie's father and mother watch a local sports show.
text: Charlie passes by them with ice cream on his way downstairs.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I think you could be a little nicer to
dialog: Derek.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I'm sorry. The kid's a pussy. I can't
dialog: stand him.
text: Charlie moves to the entry hall. He looks through the screen
text: door to the porch where Candace kisses Derek's cheek goodbye.
text: As Derek walks to his mom's Mercedes, Candace joins Charlie.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: (waving from car)
dialog: I hope you love the mix I made. The
text: cover is hand-painted.
text: When he gets into his car, she hands Charlie the mix tape.
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: Charlie, do you want this?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: He gives me one every week.
scene_heading: 17 INT. CHARLIE'S BED ROOM - DUSK 17
text: Charlie sits on his bed, reading To Kill a Mockingbird, the
text: cover taped back together. We see Derek's mix... Autumn
text: Leaves... rotate in his old tape recorder.
speaker_heading: DEREK (V.O.)
dialog: Hey, Babe. This next one might be a
dialog: little sad, but it reminded me of your
text: eyes.
text: The first notes of The Smiths' "Asleep" begins. As Morrissey
text: sings, Charlie keeps reading. And reading.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 18 INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - DAY 18
text: The reading is done. Charlie proudly puts To Kill a
text: Mockingbird on his newly dubbed "Shelf of Fame."
scene_heading: 19 INT. MILL GROVE HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY - AFTERNOON 19
text: The songs continues as we see glimpses of Charlie's day to
text: day life over the next few weeks. Charlie exits his English
text: class. FRESHMEN BULLIES wait for him, led by...
speaker_heading: SMART ASS FRESHMAN
dialog: Did you already do the term paper on To
dialog: 11.
text: Silence. They grab and drag him into the boy's room. We
text: hear the toilet flush for the swirly.
scene_heading: 20 INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - DUSK 20
text: Charlie looks at the new bottle of prescription Wellbutrin.
text: He puts a pill in his mouth and washes it down with RC cola.
scene_heading: 21 INT. CHARLIE'S LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON 21
text: Charlie watches his brother and the Penn State Nittany Lions
text: on TV. He looks over at his father, but his dad is too busy
text: building Charlie's clock for shop class to notice him.
scene_heading: 22 INT. MILL GROVE HIGH SCHOOL - CAFETERIA - LUNCH 22
text: Charlie carries his tray through the intimidating cafeteria.
text: Not giving up. Looking for somewhere to sit.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 23 INT. MILL GROVE HIGH SCHOOL - CAFETERIA - LUNCH 23
text: Charlie sits by himself in the corner. He looks around the
text: cafeteria, wanting to break in. Not knowing how. After a
text: moment, he returns to his book. The song ends.
scene_heading: 24 EXT. MILL GROVE HIGH SCHOOL - FOOTBALL STADIUM - NIGHT 24
text: Friday Night Football in Western, PA. Charlie buys his Coke
text: and nachos and wanders to the bleachers. He sits alone,
text: trying to blend in by cheering with the rest of students.
text: When the Mill Grove Devils recover a fumble, he hears...
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Come on Devils! Woooooo!
text: Charlie looks up at Patrick, cheering his head off. TWIN
text: SENIOR GIRLS pass him, taunting.
speaker_heading: TWIN SENIOR GIRLS
dialog: Hey, Nothing. Hey, Nothing.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Suck it, virginity pledges!
text: Charlie wants to go up to Patrick so badly. After driving
text: himself crazy, sitting up and down twice, he approaches.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey... Patrick.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Hey! You're in my shop class, right?
dialog: How's your clock coming?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: My dad's building it.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Yeah. Mine looks like a boat.
dialog: (off Charlie's awkward silence)
dialog: You want to sit over here, or are you
dialog: waiting for your friends?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No. I'll sit if that's okay.
text: Patrick motions for Charlie to sit. Charlie sits. Elated.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Thanks for not calling me "Nothing" by
text: the way. It's an endless nightmare. And
dialog: these assholes actually think they're
dialog: being original.
text: Brad Hays puts on his helmet and rushes onto the field.
text: Charlie dries his hands on his pants. So nervous. A 5
dialog: second silence that feels like a year. Think of something to
dialog: say. Anything.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So, uh... you like football?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Love it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Then, maybe you know my broth--
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Hey, Sam.
text: Charlie looks up. Standing there is the prettiest girl he's
dialog: ever seen. SAM (17) would make every mother proud and every
text: father nervous. She is alive, adventurous, and a world class
dialog: flirt. Great attitude. Great taste. Great banter.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Question. Could the bathrooms here be
dialog: more disgusting?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Yes, they call it the men's room.
dialog: 13.
text: Sam sits down, sandwiching Charlie between her and Patrick.
dialog: Charlie tries to remain casual. Hang in there, buddy.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Well, I finally got hold of Bob.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Party tonight?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No. He's still trying to shag that
dialog: waitress from the Olive Garden.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: He's never tossing that salad.
text: Brad Hays marches the Devils offense down the field. The
text: kids clap. Sam looks at Charlie, then turns back to Patrick.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (about Charlie)
dialog: Patrick... who's this?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: This is...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Uh... Charlie... Kelmeckis.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Kelmeckis! No shit! Your sister dates
dialog: Pony Tail Derek, doesn't she?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Is that what they call him?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Awww. Leave Pony Tail Derek alone. You
dialog: put the "ass" in "class," Patrick.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I try, Sam. I try.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's nice to meet you, Charlie. I'm Sam.
text: Sam extends her hand to Charlie. Every nail a different
text: color. They shake. Then, Sam grabs a nacho. Zoinks!
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: So, what's the plan, Sam? You want to go
dialog: to Mary Elizabeth's house?
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Can't. She got caught watering down her
dialog: parent's brandy with iced tea. Let's
dialog: just go to Kings.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (turns to Charlie)
dialog: Hey... we're going to Kings after the
dialog: game if you want to come.
text: Charlie nods just as Brad Hays tosses a touchdown pass. The
text: fans go crazy. Especially Patrick. Charlie smiles.
scene_heading: 25 INT. KINGS FAMILY RESTAURANT - NIGHT 25
text: The Devils' faithful cheer as Brad Hays and his guys enter!
text: The place is packed. Patrick and Sam drink coffee while
text: Charlie eats his brownie. They're all excited.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Do you have a favorite band?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I think The Smiths are my favorite.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Are you kidding!? I love The Smiths!
dialog: The best breakup band ever. What's your
dialog: favorite song?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Asleep. It's from Louder Than Bombs. I
dialog: heard it on Pony Tail Derek's mix tape.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: That works on so many levels.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I could make a copy for you.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Thanks. What about Eide's? You love
dialog: Eide's, right?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (never heard of it)
dialog: Yeah. They're great.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Not a band, Charlie.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: It's an old record store downtown.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I used to be popular before Sam got me
dialog: some good music. So, watch out, Charlie.
dialog: She'll ruin your life forever.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That's okay.
text: Brad Hays, the quarterback, passes with his posse. Taunting.
scene_heading: NOSE TACKLE &amp; LINEBACKER
dialog: Hey, Nothing. Hey, Nothing.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Let it go! Jesus! It's an old joke!
dialog: It's over!
text: Sam laughs. She loves watching Patrick get riled up.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: So, Charlie... what are you going to do
dialog: when you get out of here?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: My Aunt Helen said I should be a writer,
dialog: but I don't know what I'd write about.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You could write about us.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Yeah. Call it Slut and The Falcon. Make
dialog: us solve crimes.
text: Sam laughs. Charlie smiles.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You guys look happy together. How long
dialog: have you been boyfriend and girlfriend?
dialog: (off their laughs)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He's my step-brother. My mom finally
dialog: left my worthless dad and married his
dialog: nice dad 3 years ago.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: But Sam's not bitter. Make no mistake.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Absolutely. I'm not a bulimic. I'm a
dialog: bulim-ist.
dialog: 16.
text: They laugh at their inside joke. Charlie has no idea what's
dialog: so funny.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'm sorry. I don't know what that means.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: She just really believes in bulimia.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (cracking up)
dialog: I love bulimia.
scene_heading: 26 EXT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - NIGHT 26
text: Charlie hops out of Sam's old truck. The music blares.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Thanks for paying, Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (so eager)
dialog: No problem. Thanks for the ride. Hey...
dialog: maybe I'll see you around in school?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (distracted - to Patrick)
dialog: God, would you turn that down? You're
dialog: going to make us deaf. Bye, Charlie.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Bye, Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Okay. Bye.
text: Charlie waves as the truck leaves. The look on his face.
dialog: The happiness from one night of company.
scene_heading: 27 INT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - NIGHT 27
text: Charlie enters the house, excited to tell someone his news.
text: He runs up the stairs to find the living room empty. He
text: hears the TV playing downstairs in the basement.
scene_heading: 28 INT. DOORWAY TO BASEMENT - NIGHT 28
text: As Charlie approaches, he hears muffled sounds of fighting.
speaker_heading: DEREK (O.S.)
dialog: I'm sorry. I can't do anything about it.
dialog: Please talk to me.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CANDACE (O.S.)
dialog: Maybe your mom and I should have a "drive
dialog: us to our hair appointment" contest.
dialog: Then, I could spend a Saturday with you.
text: Charlie looks through a slit in the open door to find...
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: There's nothing I can do--
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: Do you always want to be a mama's boy?
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: I am not a mama's boy--
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: Yes! You are! Every time I go to your
dialog: house--
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: Shhh. Shut u--
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: -- your mom says, "Don't go to Columbia
dialog: with Candace. Go to Pitt, Derek. Mommy
dialog: needs you to stay at home because she
text: can't drive herself." She's only 51.
speaker_heading: DEREK
dialog: SHUT UP, CANDACE!
scene_heading: 29 INT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - BASEMENT - CONTINUOUS 29
text: Charlie enters, wanting to stop the fight. Derek's neck is
text: red. Dangerous angry. Candace keeps digging.
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: And you just stand there like a little
dialog: bitch dog.
text: SNAP! Out of nowhere, Derek slaps her across the face. It's
text: not a movie slap. It's a real slap. Dead sound. And after
text: it, silence. Candace turns and sees Charlie. It sobers her
text: up. Charlie moves at Derek. Candace stops him.
speaker_heading: CANDACE (CONT'D)
dialog: Charlie, just go. I can handle it. Just
dialog: don't wake up mom and dad.
text: She pushes him out of the room and closes the door.
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: 30 INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 30
text: Charlie sits at his desk. So disturbed. He hears a car
text: start outside. He moves to his window and looks down at
text: Derek and Candace near Derek's mother's Mercedes. Derek is
text: crying. Candace comforts. After a beat... they kiss.
text: Charlie stands frozen, a look creeping across his face.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (V.O.)
dialog: Hey, look who's here...
text: FLASHBACK TO:
scene_heading: 31 INT. ENTRY HALL - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 31
text: The door opens to reveal Charlie's mom and AUNT HELEN
text: entering the house. Aunt Helen carries a suitcase. The
text: children don't know where she's been or why she looks sad.
text: They just know they love her. Little Charlie stands at the
text: top of the stairs with his brother and sister in their Sunday
text: clothes. There are balloons. And streamers.
speaker_heading: LITTLE CANDACE
dialog: Welcome home, Aunt Helen!
speaker_heading: AUNT HELEN
dialog: Oh. Look at you all, dressed so nice.
text: Aunt Helen smiles at Little Charlie on top of the stairs.
text: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 32 INT. ENTRY HALL - NIGHT (PRESENT) 32
text: Charlie stands at the top of the stairs as Candace enters the
text: house. She is startled when she sees Charlie. They whisper.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: Look, I egged him on. You saw it. He's
dialog: never hit me before. I promise he'll
dialog: never hit me again.
text: She's about to go back downstairs when...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Like Aunt Helen's boyfriends?
text: A silence passes between them. Then...
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: Charlie... this is Pony Tail Derek. I
dialog: can handle him. Will you trust me?
dialog: Please, don't tell mom and dad.
text: With a desperately confident nod, Candace goes downstairs.
text: Charlie stands in the entry hall, troubled.
scene_heading: 33 INT. GYMNASIUM - NIGHT 33
text: The Homecoming Dance is in full swing. God bless everyone.
text: Especially Charlie. He's alone at the wall, dressed in his
text: Sunday suit. To us, adorable. To himself, in living hell.
text: Charlie watches his sister, slow dancing with Derek. As
text: happy as she looks, Charlie still isn't sure if he did the
text: right thing by keeping quiet. The song ends to applause.
text: After a beat, Charlie turns away. That's when he sees Sam
text: and Patrick at the punch bowl. We hear the first notes of
dialog: "Come On, Eileen" by Dexy's Midnight Runners.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh, my God. They're playing good music.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Holy shit. They are! They're playing
dialog: good music!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (total mischief)
dialog: Living room routine?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Living room routine!
text: Charlie watches Sam and Patrick run to the center of the
text: floor and show this stiff crowd what dancing is. It starts
text: slow. "So over it" hand moves. A little shoulder. And
dialog: then, the best of swing. 30 seconds of genius.
text: Charlie takes a breath. Then, he tries desperately not to
text: look like he's dancing toward them as he dances toward them.
text: He bobs his head like a dork. And once he gets close,
text: Patrick and Sam turn and find him.
scene_heading: SAM &amp; PATRICK
dialog: Hey!
text: Without a pause, they grab his hands, and move together in a
text: circle. Their own island. After a moment, Sam moves around
text: Charlie like a maypole as the whole gym explodes into dance.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: 34 EXT. BOB'S HOUSE - NIGHT 34
text: The party rages inside this mansion in the rich part of town.
text: Patrick and Sam walk up the steps with Charlie tailing.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: God, it's freezing.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: But you wore that toasty costume. It's
dialog: not like you're trying too hard to be
dialog: original.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Piss off, Tennessee Tuxedo.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Are you sure it's okay that I come?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Of course. Just remember, Charlie...
dialog: Bob's not paranoid.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: "He's sensitive."
text: Sam knocks. The door opens, revealing BOB (20). Bob was the
text: cool high school kid, who never quite left. He's stoned so
dialog: often that people can't tell the difference anymore.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Sam... that waitress from the Olive
dialog: Garden is a tease. Will you marry me?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Only if I have Patrick's blessing.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Patrick?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You're a hopeless stoner who attends the
dialog: culinary institute. So, I'm going to
dialog: have to say "no" on that one, but nice
dialog: try. Charlie?
text: Patrick leads Charlie inside, leaving Bob staring at Sam.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Touché.
scene_heading: 35 INT. BOB'S BASEMENT - MOMENTS LATER 35
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Charlie... this is a party.
text: The music blasts. Charlie's eyes are our guide. As they
text: walk through the crowd, you can smell it. Stale beer and
text: cigarette smoke. High school parties. The room is packed
dialog: *
text: with kids playing quarters. Others pouring vodka into a
dialog: watermelon.
speaker_heading: PATRICK (CONT'D)
dialog: This is what fun looks like.
text: Patrick smiles when he spots two friends.
speaker_heading: PATRICK (CONT'D)
dialog: You ready to meet some desperate women?
text: MARY ELIZABETH and ALICE (both 17) sit on the sofa together.
dialog: Mary Elizabeth is smart, a little overweight, and extremely
dialog: bossy. Alice will figure out that she's a lesbian in
dialog: college. Right now, she just likes movies and is Mary
dialog: Elizabeth's "beta female."
speaker_heading: PATRICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Here, have a seat. Hey, ladies, meet
dialog: Charlie. Charlie, meet ladies.
text: They shake hands and say their hellos.
speaker_heading: PATRICK (CONT'D)
dialog: This is Charlie's first party ever. So,
dialog: I expect nice, meaningful, heartfelt blow
dialog: jobs from both of you.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Patrick, you're such a dick.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Where the hell did you go?
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: The dance was a little boring, don't you
dialog: think?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You're so selfish. We looked everywhere
dialog: for you. You could have told someone.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Cry me a river.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: How is it that you got meaner since
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Just lucky I guess.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I think you're doing something wrong.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Or something very right.
text: Patrick and Mary Elizabeth laugh at their banter, just as Sam
text: calls out from the other side of the room.
speaker_heading: SAM (O.S.)
dialog: Hey! Look who's here!
text: The party turns, and Charlie sees Brad Hays, the quarterback,
text: enter with Sam and Bob. Patrick approaches them. Charlie
text: sits on the beat up couch next to the girls. He's shocked.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Is that Brad Hays?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yeah. He comes here sometimes.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: But he's a popular kid.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: (offended)
dialog: Then, what are we?
text: Charlie tries to think of something, but he can't. The girls
text: turn, ignoring him. Bob approaches with a tray.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Charlie, you look like you could use a
dialog: brownie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Thank you. I was so hungry at the dance.
dialog: I was going to go to King's, but I didn't
dialog: really have any time. Thanks.
text: Bob smiles. Mary Elizabeth gives Alice a knowing glance.
text: Charlie bites into the brownie. The icing gushing between
text: his teeth. The image goes up into the smoke like an inhale
text: as he chews and chews and chews.
scene_heading: 36 INT. BOB'S BASEMENT - LATER 36
text: After a beat, the music changes, and the image exhales back
text: down to Charlie, who is now... baked out of his mind. The
dialog: 23.
text: whole party surrounds him now, pissing themselves with
text: laughter as this shy kid talks and talks and talks.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Have you guys felt this carpet? This
dialog: carpet feels so darn good.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Charlie, what do you think about high
dialog: school?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: High school? Bullshit. The cafeteria is
dialog: called the Nutrition Center. And people
dialog: wear their letter jackets even when it's
dialog: 98 degrees out. And why do they give out
dialog: letters for marching band? That's not a
dialog: sport, and we all know it.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: This kid is crazy.
text: Charlie looks at Mary Elizabeth with her new wave haircut.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And Mary Elizabeth, I think you're really
dialog: going to regret that haircut when you
text: look back at old photographs.
dialog: (off their laughter)
dialog: I'm really sorry. That sounded like a
dialog: compliment in my head.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Oh, my God!
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Well, it's kind of true.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Shut up!
text: Sam enters the room. Takes quick stock. Then...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Bob, did you get him stoned?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Come on, Sam. He likes it. Just look at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: How do you feel, Charlie?
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I just really want a milkshake.
text: The entire room explodes with laughter. Charlie loves that
dialog: people find him so funny.
scene_heading: 37 INT. BOB'S KITCHEN - NIGHT 37
text: Sam takes the ice cream from the freezer to the blender.
text: Charlie watches her make the perfect vanilla milkshake.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sam, you have such pretty brown eyes, the
dialog: kind of pretty that deserves to make a
dialog: big deal about itself. You know what I
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Okay, Charlie. Let me make the milkshake.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What a great word. Milkshake. It's like
dialog: when you say your name over and over
dialog: again in the mirror, and after awhile, it
dialog: sounds crazy.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm guessing you've never been high
dialog: before?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Me? No. My best friend Michael. His
dialog: dad was a big drinker. So, he hated all
dialog: that stuff. Parties, too.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Well, where is Michael tonight?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, he shot himself last May.
text: Sam looks up. Shocked silent. Charlie is just stoned.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I kind of wish he'd left a note. You
dialog: know what I mean?
dialog: (off her sad nod)
dialog: Where's the bathroom?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: It's up the stairs.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: 25.
text: Charlie wanders off. Sam watches him go.
scene_heading: 38 INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT 38
text: Charlie leaves the bathroom and stops when he sees himself in
text: a large ornate mirror in the hallway.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Charlie. Charlie. Weird.
text: Charlie wanders down the hallway, a little lost. He finds
text: the door to the master bedroom and opens it. He sees Patrick
dialog: and Brad Hays... kissing.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Woah.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Charlie?
speaker_heading: BRAD HAYS
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Who is that kid?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Relax. Relax. He's a friend of mine.
dialog: Stay here.
text: Patrick closes the bedroom door and follows Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I didn't see anything.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I know you saw something, but it's okay.
text: Patrick takes a quick peek to make sure no one is watching.
speaker_heading: PATRICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen, Brad doesn't want anyone to
dialog: know... wait, are you baked?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: "Like a cake." That's what Bob said.
dialog: And how you can't have 3 on a match
dialog: because they would find us. And everyone
dialog: laughed, but I don't know what's funny.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Okay, Charlie, listen. I need you to
dialog: promise that you're not going to say
dialog: anything to anyone about me and Brad.
dialog: This has to be our little secret.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Our little secret. Agreed.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Thank you. We'll talk later.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I look forward to that big talk.
text: Patrick laughs, goes back to the room, and closes the door.
scene_heading: 39 INT. BOB'S BASEMENT - NIGHT 39
text: The party has thinned. Sam watches Charlie drink his
text: milkshake obsessively with Alice and Mary Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Isn't this the best milkshake, Alice?
dialog: It's even better than the first one.
text: Patrick walks downstairs. Sam motions him over.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (barely audible whisper)
dialog: I need to talk to you. Charlie just told
dialog: me that his best friend shot himself. I
dialog: don't think he has any friends.
text: Patrick turns to look at Charlie. He feels so bad for the
text: kid. Patrick raises his plastic cup to the remaining crowd.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Everyone. Raise your glasses to Charlie.
text: Charlie looks up. A little paranoid. Everyone is staring.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What did I do?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You didn't do anything. We just want to
dialog: toast our new friend.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: You see things. And you understand.
dialog: You're a wallflower.
text: Charlie dries his sweaty hands on his pants. He looks around
text: the room at the nods and friendly faces.
speaker_heading: PATRICK (CONT'D)
dialog: What is it? What's wrong?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Well, we didn't think there were any cool
dialog: people left to meet. So, everyone...
scene_heading: SAM &amp; EVERYONE
dialog: To Charlie.
text: They all drink. Sam approaches him. A knowing smile.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Welcome to the island of misfit toys.
text: Charlie smiles, and the soundtrack comes rushing up loud.
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 40 EXT./INT. SAM'S TRUCK - NIGHT 40
text: The truck speeds on Highway 376 toward the Fort Pitt Tunnel.
text: Patrick drives. Sam cranks the radio, blaring "The Tunnel
dialog: Song." The Star's anthem, "Your Ex-Lover is Dead" is our
dialog: prototype for tone.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: My God. What is this song!?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Right? I have no idea.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (to Charlie)
dialog: Have you heard it before?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Never.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (light bulb)
dialog: Wait! Let's go through the tunnel!
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Sam, it's freezing.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Patrick, it's the perfect song!
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: No. Mama Patrick says no.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Patrick, it's Sam. It's Sam talking to
dialog: you, I'm begging you to drive me--
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Alright! I concede!
text: Sam climbs through the window to the flat bed. She grips the
text: flood lights to steady herself as she stands.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What is she doing?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Don't worry. She does it all the time.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Turn it up!
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You got it, your highness.
text: Patrick turns up the volume and drums on the steering wheel,
text: just as the truck flies into...
speaker_heading: THE TUNNEL
text: We go behind the truck. Rising as Sam puts her arms in the
text: air. The image moves to Charlie's point of view, rising from
text: Sam's feet up her shivering legs. Past the band-aid on her
text: right knee. To Sam's face as she looks down. Into the
text: camera. Right at us. For we are now...
text: Charlie, looking up at Sam, so in love with this free-spirit.
dialog: So happy to have friends. Happy to be alive. Charlie gets
text: this look on his face. Patrick notices and smiles.
speaker_heading: PATRICK (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I feel infinite.
text: The truck flies out of the Fort Pitt Tunnel onto the bridge.
text: Patrick and Charlie laugh as Sam raises her arms. Free and
text: young and alive on the greatest night of Charlie's life.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 41 INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - AFTERNOON 41
text: We see Charlie proudly put a Smiths poster on his wall next
text: to photos of his new friends. He dances to his desk,
text: listening to Air Supply's "All Out of Love" on his Walkman.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Friend, I'm sorry I haven't written
dialog: for awhile, but I've been trying hard not
dialog: to be a loser.
text: As the lyrics begin, Charlie unabashedly lip-synchs...
speaker_heading: AIR SUPPLY
dialog: I'm lying alone with my head on the
dialog: phone, thinking of you 'til it hurts.
text: Charlie sits at his desk, writing and lip-synching.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: For example, I am trying to participate
dialog: by listening to Sam's collection of big
dialog: rock ballads and thinking about love.
dialog: Sam says they are kitschy and brilliant.
dialog: I completely agree.
scene_heading: 42 INT. BILL'S CLASSROOM - MORNING 42
text: As the students file out, Charlie hands his paper to Bill in
text: exchange for a beat up copy of The Great Gatsby.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: I am also studying extra books outside of
text: class. As it turns out, Mr. Anderson is
dialog: a writer. He even had a play put up in
dialog: New York once, which I think is very
dialog: impressive. He and his wife might go
dialog: back there after this year. I know this
dialog: is selfish, but I really hope he doesn't.
text: Charlie pauses in the doorway and turns back to look at Bill.
scene_heading: 43 INT. CAFETERIA - LUNCH 43
text: Charlie turns from the lunch line with The Great Gatsby on
text: his tray. He looks at the gang at their table. He sits with
text: them as they debate the design of this month's fanzine.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: My favorite time, though, is lunch because
dialog: I get to see Sam and Patrick. We spend
dialog: the time working on Mary Elizabeth's
dialog: fanzine about music and The Rocky Horror
dialog: Picture Show. It's called Punk Rocky.
dialog: Mary Elizabeth is really interesting
dialog: because she is a Buddhist and a punk, but
dialog: somehow she always acts like my father at
dialog: the end of a "long day."
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: 44 INT. LIBRARY - AFTERNOON 44
text: The xerox spits out copies of PUNK ROCKY! Halloween Issue!
text: Alice staples while Mary Elizabeth works her like a sled dog.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Her best friend Alice loves vampires and
dialog: wants to go to film school. She also
dialog: steals jeans from the mall. I don't know
dialog: why because her family is rich, but I'm
dialog: trying not to be judgemental. Especially
dialog: since I know how they were all there for
dialog: Patrick last year. Patrick never likes
dialog: to be serious, so it took me awhile to
dialog: get what happened.
text: Sam and Alice laugh when Patrick begins stapling Mary
text: Elizabeth's fanzines to within an inch of their life.
dialog: [Note: The following sequence will come from Charlie's POV of
dialog: Patrick and Brad's activities over a weekend.]
scene_heading: 45 EXT. FOOTBALL STADIUM - NIGHT 45
text: Brad Hays leads the football team through the banner onto the
text: field as Charlie, Patrick, and Sam cheer. Moments later,
text: Brad pulls his helmet on and rushes onto the field.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: When he was a junior, Patrick started
dialog: seeing Brad on the weekends in secret. I
dialog: guess it was hard, too, because Brad had
dialog: to get drunk every time they fooled
text: around.
scene_heading: 46 INT. CAFETERIA - LUNCH 46
text: Patrick whispers while the gang studies their SAT books.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Then, Monday in school, Brad would say,
dialog: "Man, I was so wasted. I don't remember
dialog: a thing." This went on for 7 months.
scene_heading: 47 INT. ST. THOMAS MORE CATHOLIC CHURCH - MORNING 47
text: Charlie sits with his family in itchy church clothes. He
text: turns to see Brad with his father and mother. Proper family.
text: Brad's dad gives him a pat on the back.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: When they finally did it, Brad said he
dialog: loved Patrick. Then, he started to cry.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: saying his dad would kill him. And
dialog: saying he was going to hell.
scene_heading: 48 INT. LIBRARY - DAY 48
text: We see Patrick and Brad walking in the library. They reach
text: the stacks, and just when it looks like they'll speak, they
text: simply... PASS EACH OTHER WITHOUT A WORD.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Patrick was eventually able to help Brad
dialog: get sober. I asked Patrick if he felt
dialog: sad that he had to keep it a secret, and
dialog: he said no because at least now, Brad
text: doesn't have to get drunk to love him.
text: Brad sits down with his football pals. Patrick joins Charlie
text: and Sam at their table. Charlie looks over at Sam, studying
dialog: hard for her SAT's.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I think that I understand because I
dialog: really like Sam. I asked my sister about
dialog: her, and she said that when Sam was a
dialog: freshman, the upper classmen used to get
dialog: her drunk at parties. I guess she had a
dialog: reputation. But I don't care. I'd hate
dialog: for her to judge me based on what I used
dialog: to be like.
scene_heading: 49 INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - DUSK 49
text: We see Charlie making a mix tape on his boom box.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: So, I've been making her a mix tape so
dialog: she will know how I feel.
text: The two cassettes run. The song is just about to finish
text: when... the side runs out of tape and snaps off.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah, shit!
scene_heading: 50 EXT. DORMONT HOLLYWOOD MOVIE THEATER - MIDNIGHT 50
text: The marquee announces it's time for the...
scene_heading: 51 INT. DORMONT HOLLYWOOD MOVIE THEATER - MIDNIGHT 51
text: ... Rocky Horror Picture Show! The ROCKY EMCEE, dressed as
text: Riff Raff, whips the crowd into a frenzy.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: ROCKY EMCEE CROWD
dialog: Gimme an R! Gimme an O! R-O-C-K-Y! Rocky! Rocky!
dialog: Gimme a C! Gimme a K! Gimme Rocky!
dialog: a Y! What's that spell!?
text: The crowd cheers! Charlie claps from the front row.
scene_heading: 52 INT. DORMONT HOLLYWOOD MOVIE THEATER - LATER 52
text: The movie is in full swing. Charlie watches Sam as Janet in
text: the Floor Show. Sam mimics Susan Sarandon perfectly.
text: Especially the body. She winks at Charlie as "Fanfare/Don't
text: Dream It" begins and arriving regally as Frank 'n Furter in
dialog: full drag is... Patrick.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Whatever happened to Fae Wray? That
dialog: delicate, satin draped frame? As it clung
dialog: to her thigh, how I started to cry 'cause
dialog: I wanted to be dressed just the same.
text: Patrick is a rock star. He approaches Charlie. Putting his
text: ass in his face. Charlie is freaked out and laughing!
text: Especially when he sees Brad, alone in the back, smiling.
speaker_heading: PATRICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Give yourself over to absolute pleasure.
dialog: Swim the warm waters of sins of the
dialog: flesh. Erotic nightmares beyond any
dialog: measure. And sensual daydreams to
dialog: treasure forever. Can't you just see it?
dialog: Woah oh oh!
text: Charlie stops laughing when the orgy begins between Patrick,
text: Mary Elizabeth (as Columbia), CRAIG (21), an art student with
dialog: a model's body (as Rocky)... and of course... Sam. Charlie
text: watches Sam until he can't take his lust (or guilt).
scene_heading: 53 INT. CRAIG'S LOFT APARTMENT - KITCHEN - NIGHT 53
text: We hear the chorus of "Don't Dream It, Be It" as Charlie
dialog: watches all of the exciting cast members at the after-show
text: party. Charlie sees a photo of Sam's naked back on the wall
dialog: of Craig's loft. Very arty. Very black &amp; white. Charlie's
text: lust (and guilt) are now at 11. Alice looks at the photo.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: It's gorgeous, Craig. What did you use?
text: Craig is impressive to high school kids. He's a little
text: pretentious. But his art school life. His red wine. His
text: loft. Wow. Right now, he holds court in the wine line.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Color film, but black and white paper for
dialog: the printing. My professor gave me an
dialog: "A," but for the wrong reasons. Most of
dialog: them are idiots. You'll see what I mean
dialog: when you get to college. How were your
dialog: SAT's by the way?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (worried)
dialog: 1150. I think I'll get into NYU.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Yeah, I hope so.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: (cruel to Alice)
dialog: 1490. Harvard. Face!
scene_heading: 54 INT. CRAIG'S LOFT APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER 54
text: Charlie sees Sam alone on the loft steps. She looks a little
text: down. He hands Sam a plastic cup and sits next to her.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey. Are you okay?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah. Yeah. But I got my SAT results
dialog: back. Oops.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You can take them again.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah, it's just if I'm going to Penn
dialog: State main campus, I have to do much
dialog: better. I wish I would have studied
dialog: freshman year. I was a bit of a mess.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'll help you study for the next one.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Will you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah, of course.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Thanks, Charlie.
text: Charlie summons his courage. He hands her the mix tape.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Just a mix tape. No big deal. My
dialog: parents have a pretty good stereo. It's
dialog: all about that night in the tunnel. I
dialog: couldn't find that song we were listening
dialog: to, but I'm still searching for it, so--
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's okay. These are great. You have
dialog: really good taste, Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah. Way better than me as a freshman.
dialog: I used to listen to the worst top 40.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah, I did. But then I heard this old
dialog: song. Pearly Dew Drops Drop. And I
dialog: thought someday I would be at a party in
dialog: college or something. And I'd look up
dialog: and see this person across the room. And
dialog: from that moment, I'd know everything was
dialog: going to be okay. You know what I mean?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (devastated in love)
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: 55 INT. CRAIG'S LOFT APARTMENT - LATER 55
text: The tape revolves in the stereo, playing a beautiful ballad.
text: Charlie watches Sam sway to his music like a serenade. Like
text: she is dancing with him. But she isn't. A wider angle
text: reveals that she is slow dancing with... Craig.
text: Charlie is 15 year old CRUSHED. No filter. Just feeling.
text: Patrick, Alice, and Mary Elizabeth watch Sam across the room.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: So, what do you think?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I hope it works out. Craig would be a
dialog: big step up from her last boyfriend.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: No, shit. Who could forget Mr. Car Wash
dialog: Loser?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I just hope she stops playing dumb with
dialog: these guys. I keep telling her... don't
dialog: make yourself small. You can't save
dialog: anybody.
text: Craig dips a smiling Sam as the song ends. Sam goes into the
text: kitchen. Craig approaches Charlie. Turns off his mix tape.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Man, your mix is morbidly sad, kid. How
dialog: about something a little more upbeat?
text: Craig grabs a record from the pile and slaps it down.
speaker_heading: CRAIG (CONT'D)
dialog: Sam tells me you want to be a writer.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Don't you write poetry, Craig?
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: No. Poetry writes me. You know?
text: Charlie sighs. Craig's upbeat song begins to play. He
text: dances over to Sam. Charlie's heart breaks as he watches Sam
dialog: hug on Craig.
scene_heading: 56 INT. MILL GROVE HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY - DAY 56
text: In a mirror image, Candace hugs on Derek near the lockers.
text: Charlie closes his own locker and moves down the hall.
scene_heading: 57 INT. ENGLISH CLASS - MORNING 57
text: The bell rings. Charlie sets down his On the Road paper.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Wow. That was fast. You want another
dialog: one?
dialog: 36.
text: Charlie nods. Bill smiles and reaches into his desk. He
text: hands Charlie a copy of A Separate Piece. Charlie takes the
text: book and starts to walk out, but he turns back.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Mr. Anderson... can I ask you something?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Why do nice people choose the wrong
dialog: people to date?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Are we talking about anyone specific?
text: Charlie nods. Bill looks straight at him. Not preaching.
dialog: Coming from a history of personal experience and pain.
speaker_heading: BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: We accept the love we think we deserve.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Can we make them know they deserve more?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: We can try.
text: Charlie smiles.
scene_heading: 58 INT. KINGS FAMILY RESTAURANT - MORNING 58
text: Charlie waits nervously at a booth. He sees Sam enter. He
text: fixes his hair, then pretends to read his SAT PREP BOOK.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hey, Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, Sam. I didn't see you come in. You
dialog: want to work on probabilities and
dialog: statistics?
text: Sam nods. They open their books, and a Christmas song
text: begins. In a quick passage of time, we see them study next
dialog: to Halloween decorations. Then, Thanksgiving. And finally,
dialog: Christmas decorations.
scene_heading: 59 INT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - NIGHT 59
text: The song continues. Charlie's mom and sister hang the
dialog: Christmas ornaments as Charlie helps his dad find that "one
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, dad. Can I have 30 dollars?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (old joke)
dialog: 20 dollars? What do you want 10 dollars
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sam is doing secret santa. It's her
dialog: favorite thing in the world. Please.
text: Charlie's father reaches into his pocket and hands Charlie a
text: bill. It's a fifty. Dad winks, in a great mood.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Have fun.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Thanks.
scene_heading: 60 INT. MILL GROVE HIGH SCHOOL - DAY 60
text: Lockers are opened by Charlie. Sam. Patrick. Wrapped gifts
text: are deposited. Mischief smiles. Lockers closed. Everyone
dialog: loves getting their presents except Charlie - who got socks.
scene_heading: 61 INT. BILL'S CLASSROOM - MORNING 61
text: Bill hands Charlie a well worn copy of The Catcher in the
text: Rye. He smiles.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Charlie... this was my favorite book
dialog: growing up. This is my copy, but I want
dialog: you to have it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Have a great Christmas break.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You too, Mr. Anderson.
scene_heading: 62 INT. SHOP CLASS - DAY 62
text: Mr. Callahan, the shop teacher, looks at a Sad Sack Girl's
text: clock. He takes a moment, and then...
speaker_heading: MR. CALLAHAN
dialog: Terrible stain.
dialog: 38.
text: He moves to Charlie's dad's amazing clock. He hands Charlie
text: an A on a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: MR. CALLAHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: That's pretty good, Charlie.
text: Mr. Callahan moves to Patrick's SHITTY WOODEN CLOCK. No
text: stain. No finish. Lop-sided. The ugliest clock you've ever
dialog: seen in your life.
speaker_heading: MR. CALLAHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You've got to be kidding me.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: If you fail me, you get me next semester.
text: Mr. Callahan writes a grade and slaps it down.
scene_heading: 63 EXT. WEST END OVERLOOK - NIGHT 63
text: The song continues as Patrick holds up the grade. C minus!
text: Charlie and Sam cheer as Patrick screams at the top of his
dialog: lungs...
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Woo! C Minus! It's over! It's over!
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, I am below average!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Below average!
text: Patrick screams at the city in the distance. Below average!
scene_heading: 64 INT. DORMONT HOLLYWOOD MOVIE THEATER - GREEN ROOM - NIGHT 64
text: We move to find Sam, holding her SAT score up to the group.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hey, guys. 1210.
text: Everyone cheers. Sam hugs Charlie.
scene_heading: 65 INT. SAM AND PATRICK'S HOUSE - GAMES ROOM - NIGHT 65
text: Charlie carries Sam on his shoulders past the Christmas Tree.
text: Sam wears a Santa Hat like a hot elf.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No more applications! No more SAT's!
dialog: Thank you, Charlie!
text: They pass Mary Elizabeth as she opens her final present.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Multiple pairs of blue jeans. Wow. This
dialog: is a really tough one, but I'm going to
dialog: have to guess... Alice.
text: Alice smiles. Bob nudges her. Guilty as charged. Mary
text: Elizabeth pulls one last item out of the gift bag.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait, guys... a receipt! She actually
dialog: paid!
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Impossible!
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: I'm so touched.
text: Alice laughs. Patrick pours everyone brandy. The kids look
dialog: ridiculous, but they don't feel ridiculous.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Where's Craig?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He went home to Connecticut. He'll be
dialog: back for New Year's Eve.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'm sorry we won't be seeing him tonight.
text: Sam nods, then turns. Charlie is delighted. No Craig. The
text: kids settle in the living room in front of the fire.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Alright, big brother by 3 weeks. Who's
dialog: your secret santa?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I'll tell you, Sam. This one's tough. I
dialog: have received a harmonica, a magnetic
dialog: poetry set, a book about Harvey Milk, and
text: a mix with the song "Asleep" on it...
dialog: twice.
text: Charlie starts snickering. He can't help himself.
speaker_heading: PATRICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean, I have no idea. This collection
dialog: of presents is so gay that I think I must
dialog: have given them to myself. But despite
dialog: that distinct possibility, I'm going to
dialog: have to go with... drum roll... Charlie.
dialog: 40.
text: Charlie holds up his hands. Yay! They all cheer.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Alright, Charlie... it's your turn.
text: Charlie and Patrick switch places. Charlie stands.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Okay. Uh, I have received socks, pants,
dialog: a shirt, and a belt. I was ordered to
dialog: wear them all tonight. So, I'm guessing
dialog: my secret santa is Mary Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Huh. Now, why do you say that?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don't know. She bosses people around
dialog: sometimes.
text: The gang cracks up. Mary Elizabeth is pissed.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: What the hell is wrong with you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Well, you'll be surprised to know that
dialog: your secret santa is actually... me.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You got me clothes? Why?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Because all the great writers used to
dialog: wear great suits. Your last present is
text: on a towel rack in the bathroom. Delve
dialog: into our facilities. Emerge a star.
text: Charlie gives Sam a sack of presents.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Can you hand these out while I'm gone?
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Wait a second. There's only secret santa
dialog: presents. There are rules, Charlie.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Mary Elizabeth, why are you trying to eat
dialog: Christmas? Hand them out, Sam.
dialog: 41.
text: Sam gives out the presents. The group rips them open. Alice
text: looks at a book about Martin Scorsese with the inscription...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: "Alice, I know you'll get into NYU."
text: Alice turns to Mary Elizabeth who holds up a card with...
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: 40 dollars.
dialog: (reads card)
dialog: "To print Punk Rocky in color next time."
text: Bob blows soap bubbles into the air. Stoned. Mesmerized.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: He knows me. He really knows me.
text: Sam looks at her present. An old 45 record of The Beatles
text: classic "Something" with a card. She reads the card. Holds
text: it to her chest. Very moved.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Come on out, Charlie.
text: They all chime in. "Let's go, young man!" "Charlie!
text: Charlie!" Charlie opens the door off camera, and we see his
text: entrance play off their faces. The reverse angle reveals...
text: Charlie dressed in his suit. Like the best of English mods
dialog: in the 60's. For those of you who know the book, this is the
text: cover. They all clap. It's magic.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Yeah! What a display of man I have ever
dialog: seen!
text: Sam and Charlie look at each and smile.
scene_heading: 66 INT. SAM'S BEDROOM - LATER 66
text: The door opens. Sam and Charlie walk into the dark room.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's a surprise.
text: Sam flips the switch, bathing the room in light. Sam's room
text: is so cool. A shrine to music. A xerox that says "The
dialog: Beatings Will Continue Until Morale Improves." Virgin Mary
dialog: icons. Snow globes. Kitsch.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Is this your room? It's so cool.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Thanks.
text: Sam points to a green box with a red ribbon on her desk.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You got me a present?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: With all that help on my Penn State
dialog: application? Of course I did. Open it.
text: Charlie lifts up the box to reveal an OLD MANUAL TYPEWRITER.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don't know what to say.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You don't have to say anything.
text: Sam goes over and types. "Write about us sometime." He
text: smiles and types back. "I will." They look at each other.
text: We can hear a lovely ballad playing downstairs.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry we can't be here for your
dialog: birthday.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That's okay. I'm just sorry you have to
dialog: go back and visit your dad.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm in such a great mood, I don't think
dialog: even he could ruin it. I feel like I'm
dialog: finally doing good.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You are.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Me? What about you? When I met you, you
dialog: were this scared freshman. And look at
dialog: you in that suit. You're like a sexy
dialog: English school boy. I saw Mary Elizabeth
dialog: checking you out.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (innocent laugh)
dialog: No.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Innocent. Worst kind of guys. Never see
dialog: you coming. And parents love you. That's
dialog: like... extra danger.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well, it hasn't worked so far.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Come on. You've never had a girlfriend?
dialog: Not even a 2nd grade valentine?
text: He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you ever kissed a girl?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No. What about you?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Have I ever kissed a girl?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: No! Your first kiss...
text: Sam gets this strange look in her eyes. A little haunted.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: My first kiss? I was 11. His name was
dialog: Robert. He would come over to the house
dialog: all the time.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Was he your first boyfriend?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He was my dad's boss.
text: Charlie goes silent.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: You know Charlie, I used to sleep with
dialog: guys who treated me like shit. And get
dialog: wasted all the time. But now... I feel
dialog: like I have a chance. I could even get
dialog: into a real college.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It's true. You can do it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: My Aunt... she had that same thing done
dialog: to her, too. And she turned her life
text: around.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: She must have been great.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: She was my favorite person in the
dialog: world... until now.
text: Sam smiles. She's very moved.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Charlie, I know that you know I like
dialog: Craig. But I want to forget that for a
dialog: minute. Okay? I just want to make sure
dialog: that the first person who kisses you
dialog: loves you. Okay?
text: Charlie nods. And with that, Sam leans over and kisses him.
text: It starts softly, then Sam wraps her thin arms around him.
text: Holding on for lonely life. When the song crescendos, and
text: they part, Charlie and Sam look at each other. Finally...
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: I love you, Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I love you, too.
scene_heading: 67 EXT. SAM AND PATRICK'S HOUSE - NIGHT 67
text: The porch lights are as golden as Charlie feels right now.
text: We see the girls wave to each other and hug Sam.
speaker_heading: GANG
dialog: "Merry Christmas!" "Good luck at your
dialog: dad's!" "See you at New Year's!"
text: Patrick approaches Charlie in the doorway.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Have a good time at your mom's.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Thanks. And Charlie... since you were
dialog: born on Christmas Eve, I figure you don't
dialog: get a lot of birthday presents. So, I
dialog: thought you should have my clock. From
dialog: the heart.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Thank you, Patrick.
text: Sam gives Charlie one last hug. Patrick and Sam watch their
text: friends leave.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I love you guys!
scene_heading: 68 EXT. DOWNTOWN PITTSBURGH - NIGHT 68
text: We fly as high as Charlie feels. Above the city on Christmas
dialog: Eve.
scene_heading: 69 INT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - NIGHT 69
text: The front door opens, revealing Charlie's dad.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Hey! Look who's here!
text: He moves out of the way, and standing there is Charlie's
text: older brother, CHRIS KELMECKIS (19). Chris is handsome,
dialog: charismatic, and an all around winner.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Come here, little sister.
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: Hey, Chris.
text: Big hug. Chris smiles big and "son flirts" with his mom.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Ma, you look so thin!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: 10 pounds... Weight Watchers.
text: Big kiss. When he lets go, he sees Charlie and smiles.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Charlie...
text: Chris and Charlie look at each other in silence. Then, hug.
text: As the family moves into the dining room to celebrate, Chris
text: gives him a quiet...
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Happy birthday.
scene_heading: 70 INT. CHARLIE'S DINING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 70
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Make a wish, honey.
text: We move closer to Charlie as he makes his wish and blows out
dialog: his 16 candles.
text: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 71 EXT. CHARLIE'S STREET - NIGHT (PRESENT) 71
text: The wind blows out a candle in one of the luminaria bags.
text: The suburb is quiet. Not a creature is stirring. Except...
text: Charlie. He fills a brown paper bag with sand and a candle.
text: He lights the candle, making the bag glow like a beautiful
text: lantern. He looks down his street, where families are out
text: with their kids, doing the same luminaria ritual.
text: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 72 EXT. CHARLIE'S STREET - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 72
dialog: The same street. Christmas Eve. Many years ago. Aunt Helen
text: and the kids finish their luminaria bags. Aunt Helen lights
text: up the candles. They glow.
speaker_heading: AUNT HELEN
dialog: Can you see it, Charlie? The luminaria
text: is a landing strip for Santa Claus.
text: The image goes wide. All of these bags glowing. Beautiful.
text: Aunt Helen rattles her keys. Whispers.
speaker_heading: AUNT HELEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep an eye out for him with your brother
dialog: and sister. I'll be right back.
text: She bends down and whispers into his ear.
speaker_heading: AUNT HELEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going to get your birthday present.
text: She musses his hair and gets in the car.
speaker_heading: END FLASHBACK
scene_heading: 73 EXT. CHARLIE'S STREET - NIGHT (PRESENT) 73
text: Charlie hovers over the glowing luminaria. Something is
text: bothering him. He shakes it off.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: 74 INT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - KITCHEN/DINING ROOM - NIGHT 74
text: Charlie wanders through the quiet house. He turns the corner
text: where he finds Chris sitting at the table. He's lit by a
text: couple of candles and the blinking lights of the Christmas
text: Tree. He's surrounded by leftovers. Charlie sits.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey.
text: Chris chews and swallows. Famished. They both whisper.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hey. God, I missed mom's cooking. You
dialog: have no idea how good you have it. I'm
dialog: actually beginning to hate pizza.
text: Charlie smiles. Grabs a Hershey Kiss cookie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How are you liking school?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Not bad. I'm no brainiac like you or
dialog: Candace. But I'm doing okay.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Okay? You're playing in a Bowl Game.
text: Chris laughs. Charlie smiles. A moment passes. Chris
text: changes his tone. Cautious.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: How are you feeling, Charlie?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You know what I mean. Is it bad tonight?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'm not picturing things anymore. And
dialog: when I do, I can just shut it off.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: now. And maybe if it does get bad again,
dialog: you can just talk to them, yeah?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah. Especially Sam. I'm going to ask
dialog: her out at New Years. I think the time
dialog: is right now.
text: Chris smiles at his kid brother. We hear the church organ.
scene_heading: 75 INT. ST. THOMAS MORE CHURCH - MORNING 75
text: The family moves down the line to receive Holy Communion at
dialog: Christmas Mass. Charlie's father, then mother, then sister,
text: take the sacrament. Charlie is next. The PRIEST makes the
text: motion of the cross with the communion wafer. He places it
text: in Charlie's hand. Charlie brings the sacrament to his mouth
dialog: with his fingers...
text: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 76 INT. BOB'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 76
text: We move in closer to Charlie's fingers in his mouth. When he
text: takes his hand out, we see... a tab of LSD. The church organ
text: is now a rock organ. And it's now... New Year's Eve.
text: Charlie closes his mouth. He looks down the hall of the
text: smoky room where Craig has his arm around Sam. Charlie turns
text: to Mary Elizabeth, who's also dosed.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How long does this take to work?
scene_heading: 77 EXT. BOB'S HOUSE - NIGHT 77
text: About 45 minutes. The sound is muted thick. Slight echoes.
text: Charlie shovels the snow. Crunch. Fascinated by his breath
text: making fog. Sam comes outside. She's worried about him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Shoveling snow, huh?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I have to get this driveway clean. Then,
dialog: I have to congratulate you for being
dialog: happy because you deserve it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You said that an hour ago.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Was that tonight? God. I was looking at
dialog: this tree, but it was a dragon, and then
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Okay, Charlie. Don't freak out. Just
dialog: give me the shovel. Calm down. Look up.
text: She points. Charlie looks up. Sees the stars.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Isn't it quiet?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sam, you ever think that if people knew
dialog: how crazy you really were, no one would
dialog: ever talk to you?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: All the time. So, you want to put on
dialog: these glasses? They'll protect you.
text: Sam puts her arm around his shoulder. Protecting him.
text: Charlie looks through the glasses. The sky bends like a
text: globe. When he breathes, the sky ripples.
scene_heading: 78 INT. BOB'S HOUSE - NIGHT 78
text: Charlie wanders through the party, tripping out of his mind.
text: He sits down on the sofa. The world unbends as Charlie takes
text: off the glasses. Kids walk around the party, leaving ghosts
text: of themselves behind.
text: Charlie looks upstairs to find... Sam and Craig kissing.
text: Craig leads her to the bedroom.
text: Charlie looks back at the party as kids gather for the New
text: Years countdown. Patrick leads the charge.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: 10-9-8...
scene_heading: 79 EXT. CHARLIE'S STREET - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 79
text: In a QUICK FLASH, we see 7 year old Charlie with Aunt Helen
text: on Christmas Eve. She bends to whisper in his ear.
speaker_heading: AUNT HELEN
dialog: It'll be our little secret, all right?
scene_heading: 80 INT. BOB'S HOUSE - NIGHT (PRESENT) 80
text: We are BACK TO PRESENT as Charlie takes a deep breath and
text: tries to remember that he's at a New Year's party.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: 7-6-5-4-3-2-1. Happy New Year!
dialog: 50.
text: The crowd cheers, leaving ghosts of themselves. Charlie gets
text: up from the sofa and walks out of Bob's house.
scene_heading: 81 EXT. CHARLIE'S STREET - NIGHT 81
text: Charlie walks down the road under a streetlight. Silhouette.
text: The road is icy. Charlie lays down and starts moving his
text: arms in the snow. The memories begin to haunt him.
scene_heading: 82 EXT. CHARLIE'S STREET - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 82
text: 7 year old Charlie waves goodbye to Aunt Helen as she drives
text: away through the landing strip for Santa Claus.
scene_heading: 83 EXT. CHARLIE'S STREET - NIGHT (PRESENT) 83
text: 16 year old Charlie blinks. The memories come faster.
scene_heading: 84 INT. AUNT HELEN'S CAR - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 84
text: Aunt Helen drives past a tall snow drift. She looks down at
text: the 45 of The Beatles in the seat next to her. She smiles at
text: Charlie's birthday present. Then, she looks up as the
text: headlights of the semi truck smash the windows with a CRASH!
scene_heading: 85 INT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 85
text: Charlie's mother opens the door, revealing a POLICEMAN. He
text: turns to Charlie in his party hat. 7 years old and confused.
scene_heading: 86 EXT. CHARLIE'S STREET - NIGHT (PRESENT) 86
text: 16 year old Charlie lays on the snow, shivering, as the image
text: goes high above to reveal he's made a snow angel.
scene_heading: 87 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - AFTERNOON 87
text: The Emergency room is bustling on New Year's Day. Charlie
text: looks up as the POLICE, DOCTORS, and his PARENTS tower over
text: him. He is terrified and does what any kid would do. He
text: lies his ass off.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Did your older friends pressure you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No one pressured me into anything. I
dialog: would never do drugs, officer. Never.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Then, how did you happen to be passed out
dialog: on the ground at 6 in the morning?
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well, um... I was really tired, and uh...
dialog: I was feeling feverish. So, I went
dialog: outside for a walk, just to get some cold
dialog: air. And I started seeing things. So, I
text: passed out.
text: He waits to see if this worked. And then, unexpectedly...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (worried)
dialog: You're seeing things again, Charlie?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (oops)
dialog: Not, uh... Not really.
scene_heading: 88 EXT. MILL GROVE HIGH SCHOOL - PARKING LOT - MORNING 88
text: The tires squish the grey slush puddle as the busses pull
text: into the dreary parking lot. School is back in session.
scene_heading: 89 INT. HALLWAY - MORNING 89
text: Charlie shakes off the cold, then takes off his overcoat to
text: reveal... he's wearing his suit from Secret Santa. All the
text: kids stare. Charlie realizes he made a terrible mistake.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It was a Christmas present.
scene_heading: 90 INT. BILL'S CLASSROOM - MORNING 90
text: Charlie sits as Bill hands out the book for the semester...
text: The Great Gatsby. As the kids chatter, Bill gives Charlie
dialog: his own book to start the year... The Stranger.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Did you have fun on your break?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: More fun than you're going to have today,
dialog: Sinatra.
text: Bill pats his shoulder and moves on. The Smart Ass Freshman
text: looks at Charlie and whispers.
speaker_heading: SMART ASS FRESHMAN
dialog: Nice look, jag off.
scene_heading: 91 EXT. DORMONT HOLLYWOOD MOVIE THEATER - NIGHT 91
text: The Rocky Horror faithful enter the theater.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: SAM (O.S.)
dialog: I called him 30 times.
scene_heading: 92 INT. DORMONT HOLLYWOOD MOVIE THEATER - GREEN ROOM - NIGHT 92
text: Mary Elizabeth and the kids get ready for the floor show.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Well what are we supposed to do? We're
dialog: going on in 10 minutes!
text: The phone rings. Mary Elizabeth picks up. Charlie turns to
text: Brad, sitting next to him. Charlie is freaking out.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: But they said in health class--
speaker_heading: BRAD HAYS
dialog: They say that about LSD to scare you.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: BRAD HAYS
dialog: Charlie, you're fine, man.
text: Mary Elizabeth hangs up the phone, frustrated.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Guys, we have an emergency. Craig flaked
dialog: out on us again. I need a Rocky. Brad?
speaker_heading: BRAD HAYS
dialog: (scared)
dialog: No way. There are people out here.
text: The group is deflated. They all start thinking. After a
text: beat, Mary Elizabeth looks at Charlie.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Charlie... take off your clothes.
scene_heading: 93 INT. DORMONT HOLLYWOOD MOVIE THEATER - LATER 93
dialog: You know those dreams you have when you are standing in front
dialog: of 200 people in your underwear? Well, this is no dream.
text: We hear a heart beat as Charlie dances out of the Rocky gauze
text: and finds himself standing in tight gold underwear, looking
text: out at 200 people, cheering him on.
text: His friends can't stop smiling. Especially Mary Elizabeth,
text: who watches Charlie's little butt in the gold undies. She
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: 94 INT. DORMONT HOLLYWOOD MOVIE THEATER - LATER 94
text: "Touch-A, Touch-A, Touch Me" is in full swing. Sam slinks
text: over to Charlie dressed in her white bra and slip.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (as Janet)
dialog: So if anything grows while you pose.
dialog: I'll oil you up and drop you down. And
dialog: that's just one small fraction of the
dialog: main attraction. You need a friendly
dialog: hand. And I need action!
text: Sam grabs Charlie's hands and rubs them all over her chest.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah! Touch a touch a touch me! I wanna
dialog: be dirty! Thrill me. Chill me. Fulfill
dialog: me! Creature of the night!
text: The song continues. We see flashes of the night's
text: performance as Charlie goes from train wreck to triumph.
text: Charlie joins Sam in the kick line, and it feels like it's
text: just the two of them. On the final beat, Sam gasps...
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Creature of the night!
text: The song ends. The cast bows. Sam and Patrick push Charlie
text: in front for his own curtain call. Everyone cheers. It's
dialog: the night he'll never forget.
scene_heading: 95 EXT. DORMONT HOLLYWOOD MOVIE THEATER - NIGHT 95
text: The wind whips. That bracing February cold. Charlie helps
text: Mary Elizabeth carry the costumes outside to her car.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Maybe I could join the cast as an
dialog: alternate or something?
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: We're filled up now, but they'll need
dialog: people after we leave for college. I
dialog: could put in a good word for you.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That'd be great. Thanks.
dialog: They put the box in her trunk. Snap it closed. We can't
text: help but notice the "Keep Your Laws Off My Body" bumper
text: sticker as Mary Elizabeth tries her best to flirt.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Charlie... have you heard of the Sadie
dialog: Hawkins dance?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: The one where the girl asks the guy.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Yeah. Well, obviously, it's completely
dialog: stupid and sexist. It's like, "Hey,
dialog: thanks for the crumb." And normally, I'd
dialog: just blow it off because school dances
dialog: suck torture. But, you know, it's my
dialog: last year, and... would you maybe want to
dialog: go with me?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You want to go with me?
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: I'm sick of macho guys. And you looked
dialog: really cute in your costume. So, what do
dialog: you say?
dialog: Charlie thinks and thinks and...
scene_heading: 96 INT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - DUSK 96
text: Ding dong. Charlie's mom opens the door for MARY ELIZABETH.
text: Charlie straightens out his church suit. So nervous.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You must be Mary Elizabeth. It's so good
dialog: to meet you.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: You, too, Mrs. Kelmeckis.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (shit eating grin)
dialog: Charlie tells me you're a Buddhist.
scene_heading: 97 INT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - FIREPLACE - DUSK 97
text: Charlie and Mary Elizabeth stand next to Candace and Derek.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: OK, a little closer together. That looks
dialog: nice. Buddhist, I need you to smile a
dialog: little bit more. There you go. Nice.
text: Cheese! White flash. The picture of 4 kids. Smiling big.
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: 98 INT. MILL GROVE HIGH SCHOOL - GYMNASIUM - NIGHT 98
text: Charlie and Mary Elizabeth slow dance to an 80's love song.
text: Sweaty palms. Awkward. Hands on hips. Horror.
text: Charlie looks around the gym. He sees Alice dancing with her
text: date, an EFFEMINATE GOTH KID (17). We'll never meet him, but
dialog: he'll make us laugh once.
text: Charlie then watches Patrick dance with Sam. He follows
text: Patrick's gaze across the floor to Brad, who dances with a
text: SENIOR GIRL (18). Charlie sees the boys look at each other.
text: For one moment, it's like they're dancing together.
scene_heading: 99 INT. MILL GROVE HIGH SCHOOL - GYMNASIUM - LATER 99
text: Mary Elizabeth is at the punch bowl with the gang. Charlie
text: sees Sam, standing by the wall, looking sad. He approaches.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Are you having a good time?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Not really. How about you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don't know. This is my first date, so
dialog: I don't know what to compare it to.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Don't worry. You're doing fine.
text: Charlie joins her at the wall. Mary Elizabeth gives them a
text: quick, jealous look.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'm sorry Craig didn't come.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah. He said he didn't want to go to
dialog: some stupid high school dance. Can't say
dialog: I blame him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don't know. If you like it, he should
dialog: come.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Thanks, Charlie. Have a beautiful first
dialog: date. You deserve it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'll try not to make you too jealous.
dialog: 56.
text: He said it to cheer her up. Sam forces a smile and leaves.
scene_heading: 100 INT. MARY ELIZABETH'S DEN/LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 100
text: Mary Elizabeth approaches Charlie on the antique sofa. She
text: uncorks a bottle of wine. POP! She hands him the bottle.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Mmmm. Now, let it breathe.
text: Mary Elizabeth walks over to the vintage turntable. She
text: turns on the gas fireplace with a remote control. Roar!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: This is sure a nice house.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Thanks.
text: Mary Elizabeth drops the needle on a vinyl LP. A Doo Wop
text: make-out classic begins to play. She dances over to Charlie.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Mmmm. Don't you just love old music?
dialog: (off his nod)
dialog: Good. Because I made you a mix of it.
dialog: I'd love to expose you to great things.
dialog: Like Billie Holiday and foreign films.
text: She pours the wine. Charlie looks at the bottle.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: This merlot is really fancy.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Yeah. My dad collects wine, but he
dialog: doesn't drink. That's weird, isn't it?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I guess. Where are your parents?
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Their club is hosting a cotillion or
dialog: something racist. They'll be gone all
dialog: night.
text: Mary Elizabeth drops her necklace with a thud. Charlie looks
text: around. Heart beating.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That's sure a nice fire.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Yeah. After I'm done being a lobbyist, I
dialog: want to move to a house like this in Cape
dialog: Cod. That sounds nice, doesn't it?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah.
text: She reaches out and touches his chest.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Your heart is beating really fast.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Is it?
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Here, feel.
text: She puts her hand on his. Moves it to his chest.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Charlie?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Uh-huh?
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Do you like me?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: You know what I mean.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Don't be nervous.
text: She slowly moves his hand to her dress strap. It falls off
text: her shoulder. She leans in for a red wine kiss. She guides
text: his hand over her bra. He feels her breast. Wow.
text: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 101 INT. MARY ELIZABETH'S BASEMENT - FANTASY 101
text: For a quick moment, Charlie imagines he is kissing Sam.
dialog: Broken by...
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: 102 INT. MARY ELIZABETH'S BASEMENT - MOMENTS LATER 102
text: Mary Elizabeth moves his hand away. Charlie blinks, taking a
text: moment to realize Sam's not the one in the room. The song is
text: over. The needle turns at the end of the record.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Charlie...
text: She gives him one last kiss. Content, she lays down on his
dialog: lap. Peaceful.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn't know how it was going to go
dialog: tonight, but it was really nice, huh?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: I can't believe it. You of all people.
dialog: I just can't believe you're my boyfriend.
text: We land on Charlie's face. "What?" And then, we hear the
text: GARAGE DOOR OPEN.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, shit! My parents!
text: The mad scramble for clothes begins.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 103 EXT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - NIGHT 103
text: Mary Elizabeth's car pulls in front of Charlie's house.
text: Charlie gets out. Wanting to say he's not her boyfriend.
text: Not knowing how. Mary Elizabeth smiles. Smitten.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: See you Monday.
text: With that, she backs out of the driveway. We see him from
text: the back of her car, getting smaller and smaller. His
text: stomach already filling with acid.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Friend... I'm sorry I haven't
dialog: written for awhile, but things are a
dialog: total disaster.
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: 104 INT. CAFETERIA - LUNCH 104
text: Sam, Patrick, and Alice are seated around the table. Mary
text: Elizabeth has her arms around Charlie. Smothering him.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
text: We're literally making out, and I'm in my
text: bra. Hello! And the front door opens.
dialog: It's my parents! I'm scrambling to get
dialog: my dress on. It was crazy. Right, babe?
text: Charlie nods, tortured.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: I probably should have been honest about
dialog: how I didn't want to go out with Mary
dialog: Elizabeth after Sadie's, but I really
dialog: didn't want to hurt her feelings.
scene_heading: 105 EXT. MILL GROVE HIGH SCHOOL PARKING LOT - MORNING 105
text: Ash Wednesday. Charlie gets out of the school bus to
text: immediately find Mary Elizabeth waiting for him. She sees
text: the cross of ashes on his forehead. She thinks his ashes are
text: a smudge. She cleans it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: You see, Mary Elizabeth is a really nice
text: person underneath the part of her that
dialog: hates everyone. And since I heard that
dialog: having a girlfriend makes you happy, I
dialog: tried hard to love her like I love Sam.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Can you believe it's almost our two week
dialog: anniversary?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I know.
scene_heading: 106 EXT. DORMONT HOLLYWOOD MOVIE THEATER - NIGHT 106
text: A double date. Craig and Sam buy the tickets to see the
dialog: silent classic, The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: So, I took her on double dates.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: (proud)
dialog: Your first foreign film.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Vegans don't eat butter.
text: Charlie tries not to feel Mary Elizabeth's sweaty hand.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: And I tried not to mind that she loves to
dialog: hold hands even when her hands are
dialog: sweaty.
scene_heading: 107 INT. MARY ELIZABETH'S DEN/LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 107
text: Just like Sadie's except... the fire in the fireplace is out.
text: We move from the fireplace to Charlie, touching Mary
text: Elizabeth's breasts over her sweater.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: And I had to admit something really
dialog: upsetting. But I am tired of touching
dialog: her boobs. I thought maybe if she would
dialog: just let me pick the make-out music once
dialog: in awhile, we might have a chance.
text: Charlie looks at the Ani DiFranco Mix on the stereo. Sighs.
scene_heading: 108 INT. CAFETERIA - LUNCH 108
text: The gang is there. Walden rests on Charlie's lunch tray.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: And maybe if she didn't put down the
dialog: books that Mr. Anderson gives me.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Walden? I read it in 7th grade. I would
dialog: have called it "On Boring Pond."
scene_heading: 109 INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - AFTERNOON 109
text: Ring! Charlie grabs the cordless. He looks at Patrick's
text: clock. 3:13pm. His voice can no longer hide his quiet rage.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Or if she would stop calling me the
dialog: minute I get home from school when I have
dialog: absolutely nothing to talk about other
dialog: than the bus ride home...
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: That dairy just sits with you. It walks
dialog: with you.
text: Charlie calmly puts down the phone and leaves the room. We
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: 110 INT. CHARLIE'S KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER 110
text: Charlie is so miserable. His mom is sympathetic.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: She's on the phone right now? Charlie,
dialog: you have to break up with her.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I can do that?
text: Charlie's father leans back from the sofa and his newspaper.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: For Christ's sake... I need to use the
dialog: phone!
scene_heading: 111 INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER 111
text: He returns. Mary Elizabeth is still talking on the cordless.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: I'll give you this book. It's really how
dialog: I became a vegan--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: I know I should have been honest, but I
dialog: was getting so mad, it was starting to
dialog: scare me.
text: He looks back at the clock. 3:23pm.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Um... Mary Elizabeth. Can I talk to you--
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: Charlie. Please, don't interrupt. You
dialog: know I hate that.
text: Charlie goes to his quiet place. Tick. Tick. Tick.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: I just wish I could have found another
dialog: way to break up. In hindsight, I
dialog: probably could not have picked a worse
dialog: way to be honest with Mary Elizabeth.
scene_heading: 112 INT. CRAIG'S LOFT APARTMENT - NIGHT 112
text: Truth or dare. The gang is seated in a circle, drinking from
text: plastic cups. Charlie sits between Mary Elizabeth and Sam.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Who are you talking to?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I dare you to kiss Alice.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (licks his lips)
dialog: Get ready, breeder.
text: As Patrick approaches an apprehensive Alice...
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Mary Elizabeth? Samantha told me that
dialog: you got into Harvard. Congratulations.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (re: Charlie)
dialog: This one still hasn't gotten me flowers.
dialog: (to Charlie)
dialog: But I forgive you.
text: She kisses him. Charlie bites his cheeks. Sam looks a
dialog: little depressed.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: Don't worry about Penn State. You're
dialog: just wait-listed.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Excuse me, everyone, but you're missing
dialog: some hot "fag on goth" action.
text: Anticipation. Patrick is getting ready to plant the biggest
text: kiss on Alice when she jumps him. Everyone groans. Ew!
text: Laughter. Patrick looks for the next person. Charlie's
text: heart pounds. Don't pick me! Please!
speaker_heading: PATRICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. My turn. Um... let's think...
dialog: Charlie... truth or dare?
dialog: Silence. Thinking. Finally...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Truth.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: How is your first relationship going?
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It's so bad that I keep fantasizing that
dialog: one of us is dying of cancer, so I don't
dialog: have to break up with her.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Charlie? Truth or dare?
text: Charlie blinks. It was all fantasy.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Dare.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I dare you to kiss the prettiest girl in
dialog: the room on the lips. Notice I
dialog: charitably said girl and not person
dialog: because let's face it... I'd smoke all
dialog: you bitches.
text: Alice hits him. Laughter. Charlie thinks. He looks at Mary
text: Elizabeth, then turns to Sam. Before Sam can even react...
text: Charlie plants a kiss right on her lips. When he opens his
text: eyes, he looks around, and realizes the magnitude of his
text: mistake. Everyone stares. After a horrible silence...
speaker_heading: PATRICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Now that's fucked up.
text: Without a word, Mary Elizabeth just stands, dignified, and
text: goes into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Mary Elizabeth, I'm sorry. I'm--
text: Alice follows Mary Elizabeth. Sam is close behind.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sam?! Sam! I'm sorry. I didn't mean
dialog: anything by it. I'm sorry.
text: Sam turns and looks at him. She doesn't even recognize him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What the hell is wrong with you?
text: Charlie is devastated.
scene_heading: 113 EXT. BOB'S HOUSE - NIGHT 113
text: They move to the driveway. Charlie feels awful. Panicky.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Trust me. You don't want to go back
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: But, I... I'm sorry... I didn't mean to
dialog: do anything.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I know you didn't, but look... I hate to
dialog: be the one to break this, but there's
dialog: history with Mary Elizabeth and Sam.
dialog: Other guys. Things that have nothing to
dialog: do with you. But... it's best if you
dialog: stay away for awhile.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (crushed)
dialog: Oh. Okay. How long do you think?
text: Silence. Charlie looks over at Patrick, who wears a grave
text: expression. It's going to be a long time. We hear the sound
dialog: of the typewriter.
scene_heading: 114 INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - MORNING 114
text: Charlie sits at his desk. It looks like he's barely slept.
text: He begins typing. The keys up close and loud. Clak.
text: CLOSE UP TYPING: "Dear friend, I have not seen my friends for
dialog: 2 weeks now. I am starting to get bad again."
text: Charlie stares at the typewriter. And remembers.
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 115 INT. CHARLIE'S KITCHEN - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 115
text: Little Charlie pops his head around the corner from the
text: hallway. He looks at something we can't see yet.
text: BACK TO:
scene_heading: 116 INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - MORNING (PRESENT) 116
text: Present. Knock. Knock. Charlie's mom opens the door.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: We're going to be late for Easter Mass.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'll... I'll be there in a minute.
dialog: 65.
text: Charlie forces a smile, then looks back at the typewriter.
text: And tries to shake off the memory.
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 117 INT. CHARLIE'S KITCHEN - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 117
text: Little Charlie looks at Aunt Helen as she smokes her
text: cigarette and sobs.
text: BACK TO:
scene_heading: 118 INT. ST. THOMAS MORE CHURCH - MORNING 118
text: Charlie is lost. His family sits in the pews for Easter
text: Mass. Charlie watches the PRIEST recite the Lord's prayer.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Our Father who art in Heaven. Hallowed
dialog: be Thy name. Thy kingdom come--
text: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 119 INT. ST. THOMAS MORE CHURCH - MORNING (FLASHBACK) 119
text: 7 year old Charlie watches the PRIEST recite the Lord's
text: prayer. He looks at Aunt Helen's picture on the coffin.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Thy will be done on earth as it is in
dialog: Heaven. Give us this day our daily bread.
text: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 120 INT. ST. THOMAS MORE CHURCH - MORNING (PRESENT) 120
text: 16 year old Charlie looks haunted by the memory.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: And forgive us our trespasses as we
dialog: forgive those who trespass against us--
text: The voices drift away and all Charlie can see is...
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 121 INT. CHARLIE'S KITCHEN - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 121
text: 7 year old Charlie takes Aunt Helen's hand to make her stop
text: crying.
text: CUT TO:
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: 122 INT. ST. THOMAS MORE CHURCH - MORNING (PRESENT) 122
text: 16 year old Charlie blinks as the voices come back.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: And lead us not into temptation. But
dialog: deliver us from--
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 123 INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 123
text: Charlie on the phone. His voice wavers a bit. Desperate.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Mary Elizabeth... I... uh... I've been
dialog: listening to the Billie Holiday CD every
dialog: night and--
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: It's too late, Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I know. I just feel really bad about
dialog: what I did. I just get so messed up
dialog: inside like I'm - not there or something.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: Tell it to someone who cares.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I know. I'm sorry. I just. We've all
dialog: become such good friends--
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: Good friends? You mean the people I've
dialog: known since kindergarten that you've
dialog: known for 6 months? Those good friends?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh. Yeah. I mean I don't want to do
dialog: anything to ruin our--
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH (V.O.)
dialog: It's ruined. Okay? So, stop calling
dialog: everyone. Stop embarrassing yourself.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Okay. I will. Goodbye, Mar--
text: Dial tone. Charlie hangs up the phone.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: 124 INT. BOB'S BASEMENT - NIGHT 124
text: Charlie is terribly anxious. He watches Bob groom some pot.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Something's wrong with me--
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Don't worry about it. Hey... you hear
dialog: from Patrick?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No. He told me to stay away.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Oh... you don't know?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Why? Why? What happened?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Brad's father caught them together.
scene_heading: 125 INT. MILL GROVE HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY - MORNING 125
text: As kids open lockers and move to morning period, Charlie
text: stares at Brad. He has a black eye and cuts on his face. He
text: look like he was beaten up badly. Students whisper gossip.
speaker_heading: GOSSIP WHISPERS (O.S.)
dialog: "Some Lebo kids jumped him outside the
dialog: O." "It was some kids from North Hills."
dialog: "That's not what I heard."
text: Brad moves into the arms of CHARLOTTE (18), cheerleader cute.
text: As Brad kisses her, Charlie sees Patrick down the hall,
text: watching them. Patrick closes his locker. Hurting.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Not now, Charlie. I'm sorry.
text: Patrick storms off.
scene_heading: 126 INT. CAFETERIA - LUNCH 126
text: Charlie sits at his table, alone. He watches Patrick leave
text: the lunch line, passing a chorus of...
speaker_heading: TWIN SENIOR GIRLS
dialog: 68.
text: Patrick says nothing. He's too sad to fight the mob today.
text: He just moves to his table when the Nose Tackle sticks out
text: his leg. Patrick falls on his tray. The kids laugh.
speaker_heading: NOSE TACKLE
dialog: Oops. Sorry, Nothing.
text: Patrick smiles to himself, dusts off, and turns to Brad.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You going to do something?
speaker_heading: BRAD HAYS
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Your pet ape just tripped me. Are you
dialog: going to say something?
speaker_heading: BRAD HAYS
dialog: Why would I?
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: You know why.
text: It's too far. Brad can feel people staring.
speaker_heading: BRAD HAYS
dialog: This is pathetic, man. Your fixation on
dialog: me.
text: Brad's friends laugh. Patrick's eyes narrow.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Do you want your friends to know how you
dialog: got those bruises? Really?
speaker_heading: BRAD HAYS
dialog: I got jumped in a parking lot.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Where? In Schenley Park? Do they know
dialog: about Schenley Park?
dialog: (to Brad's friends)
dialog: Do you guys know about Schenley Park?
text: Brad stands and gets right in Patrick's face.
speaker_heading: BRAD HAYS
dialog: I don't know what kind of sick shit
dialog: you're trying to pull.
dialog: (real warning)
dialog: But you better walk away now... Nothing.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Fine. Say hi to your dad for me.
text: Patrick turns and leaves. And then, as an afterthought...
speaker_heading: BRAD HAYS
dialog: Whatever... faggot.
text: Brad's friends laugh. Patrick stops and turns. Last chance.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: What did you call me?
speaker_heading: BRAD HAYS
dialog: I called you a faggo--
dialog: Smack.
text: Before Brad can even finish, Patrick throws a vicious right
text: to the cheek. Brad tackles him. And the two start fighting.
text: The cafeteria erupts in NOISE.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Say that shit again! Say that shit
dialog: again!
text: Brad's football buddies rise and peel Patrick off Brad. Mary
text: Elizabeth and Sam jump up from their corner table.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: It's Patrick!
text: The cafeteria gets louder. The Nose Tackle holds Patrick up.
text: More Noise. The Linebacker hits Patrick in the face.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No! No!
text: Sam rushes up and the Nose Tackle pushes her down. She lands
text: on her tail bone. Thud. Patrick gets hit a couple of times
text: in the face. The kids cheer the fight. It's getting louder
dialog: and louder with more and more noise. And then...
text: SMASH CUT TO:
dialog: Silence.
text: Charlie comes out from a blink. He calmly looks around. For
text: a moment, he doesn't understand where he is. He looks up.
text: All the kids are staring at him. Mary Elizabeth. Alice.
text: Brad. They are all quiet. Afraid of him. Charlie looks at
text: his hand, clenched in a fist. It is already covered with...
dialog: 70.
text: Charlie's confused until he sees the Linebacker holding his
text: broken, bloody nose. He's looking at Charlie...
text: Terrified.
text: The image pans over. The Nose Tackle is on the ground.
text: Charlie stands over them. He is disconnected. It's an out
text: of body experience. He reaches out and helps Patrick to his
text: feet. Then, he calmly turns and stares right through Brad.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (icy calm)
dialog: If you touch my friends again, I'll blind
dialog: you.
text: Brad is stunned. So is everyone... except Sam.
scene_heading: 127 INT. PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE - AFTERNOON 127
text: Charlie sits in the waiting room of the principal's office.
text: He looks through the glass where Principal Small talks to
text: Brad. After a beat, she pats Brad's shoulder and opens the
text: door. Leaving Charlie and Brad alone in the waiting room.
text: Just as Brad is about to leave...
speaker_heading: BRAD HAYS
dialog: Charlie?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: BRAD HAYS
dialog: Thanks for stopping them.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sure, Brad.
text: Brad doesn't look at him. He just moves on.
scene_heading: 128 EXT. MILL GROVE HIGH SCHOOL - PARKING LOT - AFTERNOON 128
text: Charlie exits the building. Kids stare at him. Then, look
text: away. Charlie feels very lost until he sees... Sam. She
text: smiles. It brings him back instantly. And then, gently...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: How you doing, Charlie?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don't know. I keep trying, but... I
dialog: can't really remember what I did.
text: Sam can see he's afraid of himself. She nods, sympathetic.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Do you want me to tell you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (scared)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You saved my brother. That's what you
dialog: did.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So, you're not scared of me?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And can we be friends again?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Of course.
text: The minute she hugs him, the numb goes away. She kisses the
text: top of his head and puts her arm around his shoulder. They
text: begin walking away.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on. Let's go be psychos together.
scene_heading: 129 INT. PATRICK AND SAM'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT 129
text: Mary Elizabeth looks at us because she wants us to know...
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: I'm dating Peter now.
text: She motions to PETER. College. Glasses. Good looking-ish.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: He's in college with Craig. He's
dialog: opinionated, and we have intellectual
dialog: debates. You were very sweet, but our
dialog: relationship was too one-sided. I know
dialog: this is hard for you.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'm just glad you're happy.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Okay.
text: Mary Elizabeth joins Peter. Charlie looks at his friends.
dialog: 72.
text: that says, "They forget. I don't." After a beat, Patrick
text: comes downstairs. He looks sad with his bruises.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Hey Craig, Sam will be down soon.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: We're going to miss the movie.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Yeah, I'll go put some pep in her step.
text: As Craig moves upstairs, Patrick approaches Charlie.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Hey... you wanna get out of here?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sure, Patrick.
scene_heading: 130 EXT. WEST END OVERLOOK - NIGHT 130
text: Patrick drives Sam's truck up the hill to the overlook.
speaker_heading: PATRICK (V.O.)
dialog: I'll tell you something, Charlie. I feel
dialog: good. You know what I mean? Maybe
dialog: tomorrow I'll take you to this karaoke
dialog: place downtown. And this club off the
dialog: strip. They don't card. And the
dialog: Schenley Park scene. You gotta see the
dialog: "fruit loop" at least one time.
scene_heading: 131 EXT. WEST END OVERLOOK - NIGHT 131
text: Charlie and Patrick walk the lighted path, howling at the
text: moon. Patrick holds a thermos, filled with who knows what.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Oh, my God. My life is officially an
dialog: after school special. Son of a bitch!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: It kind of is. It so is.
text: More laughter. They arrive at the lookout. They drink.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: So, you ever hear the one about Lily
dialog: Miller?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Really? I thought your brother would
dialog: have told you. It's a classic.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: So, Lily comes here with this guy Parker.
dialog: And this was going to be the night they
dialog: were going to lose their virginity. So,
dialog: she did it really proper. She packed a
dialog: picnic. Stole a bottle of wine.
dialog: Everything was perfect, and they're just
text: about to 'do it' when they realize they
dialog: forgot the condoms. So, what do you
dialog: think happened?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: They did it with one of the sandwich
dialog: bags.
text: They start laughing and screaming.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Ew! That's disgusting!
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Yes! It is! Let's keep the train
dialog: rolling. Suburban legends. Charlie!
text: Patrick points to Charlie, who thinks...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Uh. Well... there was this girl named
dialog: Second Base Stace. She had boobs in the
dialog: 4th grade--
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Mosquito bites. Promising. Go.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And she let some of the boys feel them.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: That's your suburban legend? Did you at
dialog: least cop a feel?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Of course not. You went home, listened
dialog: to "Asleep," wrote a poem about her self-
dialog: esteem--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Fine! Okay. Your turn.
text: Patrick walks over and sits down next to Charlie.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Yeah, I've got one. Well, there was this
dialog: one guy. Queer as a 3 dollar bill.
dialog: Guy's father didn't know about his son.
text: So, he comes down into the basement one
dialog: night when he's supposed to be out of
text: town. Catches his son with another boy.
text: So, he starts beating him. But not like
dialog: the slap kind. Like the real kind. And
dialog: the boyfriend says, "Stop. You're
text: killing him." And the son just yells
dialog: "Get out." And eventually the boyfriend
dialog: just did.
text: Patrick stops. Gripped by sad. He can't shake.
speaker_heading: PATRICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Why can't you save anybody?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Forget it. I'm free now, right? I could
dialog: meet the love of my life any second now.
dialog: Things will be different now, and that's
dialog: good. I just need to meet a good guy.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Patrick looks at him. Charlie has never seen him so
text: vulnerable. After a beat... Patrick kisses Charlie on the
text: mouth. Unsure of what to do, Charlie lets it happen. His
text: eyes open the whole time. A moment, then Patrick looks at
text: Charlie. He collapses into his chest.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It's alright.
dialog: 75.
text: Charlie holds his friend as Patrick begins to cry. And we
text: leave them, the city lights small in the distance.
scene_heading: 132 EXT. CITY HIGHWAY - NIGHT 132
text: We see the truck glide down the highway.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: I've been spending a lot of time with
dialog: Patrick. He begins every night really
text: excited.
scene_heading: 133 EXT. SCHENLEY PARK - NIGHT 133
text: Patrick and Charlie are parked at the entrance of Schenley
text: Park. Patrick speaks, very animated, until...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: He always says he feels free, and tonight
dialog: is his destiny. But after awhile, he
text: runs out of things to keep himself numb.
text: ... the words leave him, and we can see how sad he really is.
scene_heading: 134 INT. SAM AND PATRICK'S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER 134
text: Patrick hands Sam an envelope. Sam holds it. Pins and
dialog: needles.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Then, Sam got her letter from Penn State.
text: Sam opens the letter. She reads. Tears instantly well up in
text: her eyes. She leaves the room and walks down the hall.
text: Patrick picks up the letter.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "We will require you to take our summer
dialog: session at the main campus immediately
dialog: following your high school graduation."
dialog: (off Charlie's look)
dialog: She got in, Charlie.
text: Charlie turns back to Sam. She holds him with sweet relief
dialog: and redemption.
scene_heading: 135 INT. CAFETERIA - DAY 135
text: Charlie laughs with his friends in the cafeteria.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: After that all Patrick could talk about
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: did get into NYU Film School. Patrick is
dialog: going to the University of Washington
dialog: because he wants to be near the music in
dialog: Seattle.
scene_heading: 136 INT. SHOP CLASS - DAY 136
text: Charlie and a group of students stand, looking up at the
text: wall, which is covered with...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: But he wasn't going to leave without
dialog: organizing the best senior prank ever.
dialog: ... All The Shop Tools Painted Pink
text: The shop teacher, Mr. Callahan stares at the wall, furious.
text: As the students gawk, Charlie smiles to himself.
scene_heading: 137 INT. CAFETERIA - LUNCH 137
text: Sam and the girls chat excitedly. Summer is almost here.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Sam is going to leave right after
dialog: graduation. It all feels very exciting;
dialog: I just wish it were happening to me.
scene_heading: 138 INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - DAY 138
text: Charlie sits on his bed, finishing the letter.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Especially because ever since I blacked
dialog: out in the cafeteria, it's been getting
dialog: worse. And I can't turn it off this
dialog: time.
text: Charlie puts down the letter.
scene_heading: 139 INT. BILL'S CLASSROOM - MORNING 139
text: The kids pass their copies of The Great Gatsby up to the
text: front, where Bill collects them for next year's freshmen.
text: The class is buzzing loud.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Guys, you want to pass your copies of
dialog: Gatsby up to the front please? And I
dialog: know it's the last day, but if we could
dialog: just keep it to a dull roar, I'd
dialog: appreciate it.
text: The class quiets down.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you for such a great year. I had a
dialog: blast. I hope you did, too. And I hope
dialog: you have a great time this summer on your
dialog: vacations. Now, who here is going to be
dialog: reading for pleasure this summer?
text: Charlie looks to see if anyone is watching... then, decides
text: to raise his hand anyway. Bill is proud.
speaker_heading: BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Very good, Charlie. Who else?
text: Charlie looks at the Smart Ass Freshman who tormented him all
text: year. She sighs. Nothing left to say to him.
scene_heading: 140 INT. BILL'S CLASSROOM - LATER 140
text: The last kids exit the classroom. Charlie walks down the
text: aisle and stands in front of Bill.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Last day.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah. So, uh, I know it's none of my
dialog: business, but have you decided... are you
dialog: going to New York?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Well, my wife and I like it here, and I
dialog: think I might be better at teaching than
dialog: writing.
text: Charlie is relieved. Bill is staying.
speaker_heading: BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: So, uh Charlie... I was thinking maybe I
dialog: could still give you books next year.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah. Yeah.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I think you could write one of them one
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (fragile belief)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I do.
dialog: 78.
text: Charlie is quiet. Then...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're the best teacher I ever had.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Thank you.
text: He gives Bill a shy sideways hug. The two men say nothing
text: else. Charlie waves and leaves. Bill smiles to himself.
scene_heading: 141 INT. MILL GROVE HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY - AFTERNOON 141
text: Times Square has nothing on these seniors. Charlie watches
text: the gang on their last day of high school. When the clock
text: hits 10 seconds to 3pm, all the students chant...
scene_heading: SAM &amp; COMPANY
dialog: 10-9-8-7-6-5-4-3-2...
speaker_heading: STUDENT (O.S.)
dialog: Oh, my God, get me the hell out of here!
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: 1!
text: They all cheer and hug each other. Patrick loses his mind
text: with joy and charges down the hallway.
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 142 EXT. MILL GROVE FOOTBALL STADIUM - SUNSET 142
text: A brilliant sunset. We see the gang. In silhouette.
text: Running up the bleachers after the sun.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Friend... I wanted to tell you about
dialog: us running. There was this beautiful
dialog: sunset. And just a few hours before,
dialog: everyone I love had their last day of
dialog: high school ever. And I was happy
dialog: because they were happy, even though I
dialog: counted, and I have 1,095 days to go.
scene_heading: 143 INT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - FIREPLACE - LATE AFTERNOON 143
text: Prom night. Charlie sees Candace posing for Dad's camera.
text: For a moment, we think Candace went to prom with Derek.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: I kept thinking about what school was
dialog: going to be like without them as they
dialog: 79.
text: As mom and dad move out of the way, we realize Candace is
text: standing with her 3 best girlfriends. They look beautiful.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: My sister finally decided to break up
dialog: with Derek and go stag with her
dialog: girlfriends instead.
scene_heading: 144 EXT. SAM AND PATRICK'S HOUSE - SUNSET 144
text: Prom night continues. The antique limo is so garish, it's
text: great. Charlie snaps pictures with Sam's mom and Patrick's
text: dad. Mary Elizabeth is with her boyfriend, Peter. Alice
text: stands with Patrick, dashing in his Mod Suit Tux.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: And then there was Sam...
text: The image moves to the front of the house, where Sam emerges.
text: She wears a vintage flapper dress from the 20's. Radiant.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I've looked at her pictures since that
dialog: night. I like to see how happy she was
dialog: before she knew.
text: Sam joins Craig. They kiss for the cameras, then run with
text: the rest of the gang to the limosine.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: They were in a hotel suite after prom
dialog: when the truth came out...
text: The gang poses for more pictures in front of the limo.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Basically, Craig has been cheating on Sam
dialog: the whole time. When I heard that, I
dialog: kept thinking about the happy girl in
dialog: these pictures. Because she doesn't have
dialog: 1,095 days to go.
scene_heading: 145 EXT. PARKING LOT - AFTERNOON 145
text: Graduation Day. The place is packed with graduating seniors
text: and families. Charlie's mom and dad fawn over Candace with
text: the video camera. Charlie finally finds... Sam.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: She made it. This is her time. And no
dialog: one should be able to take that away.
text: They approach each other and hug.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Oh, Charlie's here! Guys, group photo!
dialog: We should all take a group photo. Get
text: against the railing and try to look
dialog: suave!
text: The kids line up for the picture they will always remember.
speaker_heading: PATRICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, this is the one. That's going to
dialog: be a great angle.
text: Patrick bows to reveal the top of his cap reads, "Nothing
text: Hates You." The parents line up cameras. "Cheese!" Snap.
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 146 INT. SAM AND PATRICK'S KITCHEN/LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 146
text: The grandfather clock reads 9:30pm. The room is festive
text: under streamers wishing Sam luck at Penn State. The kids
text: sign each other's yearbooks. Charlie sees Sam smile at old
text: photos. He misses her already.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: At her going away party, I wanted her to
dialog: know about that night we went through the
dialog: tunnel. And how for the first time, I
dialog: felt like I belonged somewhere.
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 147 INT. SAM AND PATRICK'S KITCHEN/LIVING ROOM - LATER 147
text: 10:28pm. Charlie doesn't know where the time keeps going.
text: Sam opens goodbye presents from her friends.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: And tomorrow, she's leaving. So, I
dialog: wanted to give her a part of me.
text: Charlie watches Sam pick up his present. She carefully peels
text: the tape to reveal that Charlie gave her all of his books.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Are these all your books, Charlie?
text: He nods. They lock eyes and do not speak.
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: 148 INT. SAM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 148
text: The pictures are down. The dressers empty. The suitcase is
text: open on the bed. Charlie watches Sam fold clothes and put
dialog: them in her suitcase. He has promised himself he will not
text: cry. Even when she packs away his Beatles 45 of "Something."
text: Instead, he looks at her and tries to remember every detail.
text: Her hair and brown eyes and sound of her voice.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Thanks for staying up with me.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sure. My brother said Penn State has a
dialog: restaurant called Ye Olde College Diner.
dialog: You have to get a grilled stickie on your
dialog: first night. It's a tradition.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That sounds like fun.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah. Pretty soon, you'll have a whole
dialog: new group of friends, and you won't even
dialog: think about this place anymore.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yes, I will.
text: Sam moves some suitcases over to the pile in the room. They
text: stand next to each other. Close.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: I had lunch with Craig today.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He said he was sorry, and that I was
dialog: right to break up with him. But I'm
dialog: driving away, and I just felt so small.
dialog: Just asking myself why do I and everyone
dialog: I love pick people who treat us like
dialog: we're nothing?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We accept the love we think we deserve.
text: He says it sober. Without judgement. Sam lets it sink in.
text: Charlie walks over to the bed to do more packing. Then, she
text: turns to him.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Then, why didn't you ever ask me out?
text: Charlie didn't expect that. He is silent. Heart pounding.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I, uh, I just didn't think you wanted
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Well, what did you want?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I just want you to be happy.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Don't you get it, Charlie? I can't feel
dialog: that. It's really sweet and everything,
dialog: but you can't just sit there and put
dialog: everybody's lives ahead of yours and
dialog: think that counts as love. I don't want
dialog: to be somebody's crush. I want people to
dialog: like the real me.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I know who you are, Sam.
text: Sam waits. And Charlie finally speaks from the heart.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I know I'm quiet, and I know I should
dialog: speak more, but if you knew the things
dialog: that were in my head most of the time,
dialog: you'd know what it really meant. How
dialog: much we are alike. And how we've been
dialog: through the same things. And you're not
dialog: small. You're beautiful.
text: He can't contain himself anymore. He moves to her and kisses
text: her. They stand. Move to the bed. Kissing. Charlie's
text: heart pounds. They sit on the bed. Still kissing.
text: We see her fingertips. Her hand on Charlie's knee. When she
text: touches him, Charlie pulls away from her. Shocked. Like
text: he's seen a ghost. It hits Charlie like freezing water.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's wrong, Charlie?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, ah... nothing.
text: Charlie shakes off whatever was bothering him and continues
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: 149 EXT. SAM AND PATRICK'S HOUSE - MORNING 149
text: It's like a dream for Charlie. He watches Sam hug Alice and
text: Mary Elizabeth goodbye. But Charlie is somewhere else.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'll call all the time.
speaker_heading: MARY ELIZABETH
dialog: Promise.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: And we'll all see each other in New York.
speaker_heading: SAM'S MOM
dialog: Come on, Sam.
text: Charlie can't take it. He moves to the side of the truck and
text: puts in the last suitcase. He looks over at Sam.
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 150 INT. SAM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 150
text: QUICK FLASH... Charlie remembers kissing Sam the night
text: before. Her hand touches Charlie's knee.
text: BACK TO PRESENT:
scene_heading: 151 EXT. SAM AND PATRICK'S HOUSE - MORNING 151
text: Charlie snaps himself out of it. He turns back as Mary
text: Elizabeth and Alice part ways. Charlie locks eyes with Sam.
text: They take a moment. And then they come together to hug. She
text: kisses him goodbye, trying not to cry.
text: After a moment, Sam climbs into the driver's seat of her
text: truck with Patrick riding shotgun. Charlie looks dazed.
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 152 INT. SAM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 152
text: QUICK FLASH... Charlie remembers pulling away from Sam.
text: Shocked. Like he's seen a ghost.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's wrong, Charlie?
text: BACK TO PRESENT:
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: 153 EXT. SAM AND PATRICK'S HOUSE - MORNING 153
text: Sam starts the truck. Charlie wants to scream for her to
text: stop. But he's frozen. She drives away. He watches her go.
text: The truck gets smaller in the distance until it turns at the
text: stop sign. And disappears. Charlie stands there, alone.
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 154 INT. SAM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 154
text: QUICK FLASH... Charlie remembers the night with Sam. We see
text: her put her hand on his knee. The image moves up the arm.
text: To the shoulder. To the face. And we reveal, we are not in
text: Sam's bedroom. And it is not Sam touching Charlie. But...
dialog: Aunt Helen
speaker_heading: AUNT HELEN
dialog: Don't wake your sister.
text: BACK TO REALITY:
scene_heading: 155 EXT. SAM AND PATRICK'S HOUSE - MORNING 155
text: The memory only registers as a small blink of his eye.
text: Charlie sees his friends are crying. He's not. He's numb.
scene_heading: 156 EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - MORNING 156
text: Charlie walks down the street. His eyes far away. The
text: images and memories are short, violent bursts. If you've
dialog: never had an anxiety attack, this is how it feels.
scene_heading: 157 EXT. CHARLIE'S STREET - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 157
text: QUICK FLASH. It's Christmas Eve. Aunt Helen smiles to
dialog: Little Charlie.
speaker_heading: AUNT HELEN
dialog: It'll be our little secret, okay?
text: Little Charlie nods.
scene_heading: 158 EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - MORNING (PRESENT) 158
text: BACK TO PRESENT. Charlie walks toward us on the sidewalk.
text: We see him through a long lens. His image fractures. We see
text: him in different planes of the image. He's beginning to
text: break apart. One image. Two images.
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: 159 INT. CHARLIE'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 159
text: QUICK FLASH. Little Candace is asleep on the floor. Aunt
text: Helen sits next to Little Charlie on the sofa.
speaker_heading: AUNT HELEN
dialog: Look, Charlie. She's fast asleep.
scene_heading: 160 EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - MORNING (PRESENT) 160
text: BACK TO PRESENT. We see Charlie fracturing. The pieces
text: scattered. Out of focus. Lost. He's all over the frame.
scene_heading: 161 INT. CHARLIE'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 161
text: QUICK FLASH. Aunt Helen points to Little Candace.
speaker_heading: AUNT HELEN
dialog: Don't wake your sister.
scene_heading: 162 INT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - DAY (PRESENT) 162
text: BACK TO PRESENT. Charlie enters his house.
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 163 INT. AUNT HELEN'S CAR - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 163
text: QUICK FLASH. Aunt Helen gets hit by the semi-truck.
scene_heading: 164 INT. ENTRY HALL - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 164
text: QUICK FLASH. Little Charlie's mom opens the door to reveal a
dialog: policeman.
scene_heading: 165 INT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - DAY (PRESENT) 165
text: BACK TO PRESENT. Charlie is in the same entry hall in the
text: same house 8 years later. Banging his head against the wall.
dialog: "It's my fault. It's all my fault."
text: He passes the photo wall on the stairs. We see the images of
dialog: the family. Church. Communion. Baby pictures. Years of
text: history staring at us. Ghosts on the wall.
scene_heading: 166 INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - DAY (PRESENT) 166
text: BACK TO PRESENT. Charlie sits at his desk. We see him from
text: behind. Perfectly still. Trying to keep himself calm.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Stop crying.
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: 167 INT. VARIOUS LOCATIONS - DAY (FLASHBACK) 167
text: QUICK FLASH. Charlie thinks everyone is staring at him. His
dialog: sister and her friends. His brother and mother. Mary
dialog: Elizabeth and Alice. And worst of all... Sam and Patrick the
text: night they toasted him. A paranoid nightmare.
scene_heading: 168 INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - DAY (PRESENT) 168
text: BACK TO PRESENT. Charlie's falling to pieces. The tears run
text: down his face.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Stop crying.
scene_heading: 169 INT. VARIOUS LOCATIONS - VARIOUS TIMES (FANTASY) 169
text: QUICK FLASH. Derek hits Candace. Patrick hits Brad. The
text: cafeteria erupts into violence.
text: And Charlie remembers what he's blacked out.
text: We see him in the cafeteria. Terrifying. He thinks he sees
text: Aunt Helen as he breaks the Linebacker's nose. Hits another
text: in the throat. And pushes another. Charlie looks at his
text: hand, covered in blood. The whole school staring at him.
scene_heading: 170 INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - DAY (PRESENT) 170
text: BACK TO PRESENT. Charlie holds his head. Trying to stuff
text: the pictures back in his brain. But he can't. They keep
text: coming and coming, faster and faster. Sam's hand, Little
text: Charlie on top of the stairs, the police telling him Aunt
dialog: Helen is dead.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: It'll be our little secret.
text: We go behind his head. The image moves closer and closer.
text: Until it feels like we are inside Charlie's mind.
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 171 EXT. HOUSE SWIMMING POOL - DAY 171
text: We see Candace hanging out with her girlfriends at a friend's
text: backyard pool. Her FRIEND (18, pretty) holds the cordless.
speaker_heading: CANDACE'S FRIEND
dialog: Candace... your brother's on the phone.
text: Candace casually picks up the phone.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Hey, Candace.
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: Charlie?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sam and Patrick left, and um, I just
dialog: can't stop thinking something.
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Candace, I killed Aunt Helen, didn't I?
dialog: She died getting my birthday present, so
dialog: I guess I killed her, right? I've tried
dialog: to stop thinking that, but I can't. She
text: keeps driving away and dying over and
text: over.
text: Candace looks like she got hit with ice water. She knows her
text: brother. She knows this voice. Candace covers the phone.
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: Call the police and send them to my
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And I can't stop her. I'm crazy again.
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: No, Charlie, listen to me. Mom and dad
dialog: are going to be home with Chris any
dialog: second.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I was just thinking... what if I wanted
dialog: her to die, Candace?
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: What? Charlie... Charlie!
dialog: Dial tone.
scene_heading: 172 INT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - DAY 172
text: We begin in the house. It's silent. The hallway. The entry
text: hall. The empty bedroom. Charlie's typewriter on his desk.
dialog: 88.
text: It's all so quiet. And then, we see Charlie walking down the
text: hallway. He turns the corner and enters the...
text: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 173 INT. CHARLIE'S KITCHEN - DAY (PAST AND PRESENT) 173
text: Kitchen. One room. Charlie doesn't know where he is
dialog: anymore. The past and present have bled together.
text: QUICK FLASH. We see Little Charlie turn the corner into the
text: kitchen. BACK TO PRESENT as 16 year old Charlie stands in
text: the same kitchen, breathing shallow.
text: QUICK FLASH. 7 year old Charlie walks up to Aunt Helen
text: sitting at the kitchen table. BACK TO PRESENT as 16 year old
text: Charlie begins to have a full blown anxiety attack.
text: QUICK FLASH. 7 year old Charlie takes Aunt Helen's hand and
text: turns it over... to reveal her wrist scars.
text: BACK TO PRESENT as Charlie looks from the table to the
text: counter with the bread and the KNIVES. He stares at the
text: knives for a moment. Just as...
text: The Policemen break down the door.
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 174 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT 174
text: We see Charlie's reflection in the window. The door opens
text: slowly, and his psychiatrist, Dr. Burton, enters. She finds
text: him sitting in the corner. He has been crying.
speaker_heading: DR. BURTON
dialog: Charlie? I'm Dr. Burton.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Where am I?
speaker_heading: DR. BURTON
dialog: Mayview hospital.
text: This news hits Charlie hard. He begins to panic.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You have to let me go. My dad can't
dialog: afford it.
speaker_heading: DR. BURTON
dialog: Don't worry about that.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No. I saw them when I was little. And I
dialog: don't want to be a Mayview kid. Just
dialog: tell me how to stop it.
speaker_heading: DR. BURTON
dialog: Stop what?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Seeing it. All their lives. All the
dialog: time. Just... how do you stop seeing it?
speaker_heading: DR. BURTON
dialog: Seeing what, Charlie?
text: Charlie breaks.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: There is so much pain. And I don't know
dialog: how to not notice it.
speaker_heading: DR. BURTON
dialog: What's hurting you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No! Not me. It's them. It's everyone.
dialog: It never stops. Do you understand?
text: Dr. Burton smiles, sympathetic. Charlie nods, relieved that
dialog: someone finally understands. Until...
speaker_heading: DR. BURTON
dialog: What about your Aunt Helen?
text: Like cold water. What was tears is now confusion and soon to
dialog: be shame. Dr. Burton is gentle to him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What about her?
speaker_heading: DR. BURTON
dialog: Can you see her?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes, she had a terrible life. But... I
dialog: mean, what am I...
speaker_heading: DR. BURTON
dialog: You said some things about her in your
dialog: sleep.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don't care.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: DR. BURTON
dialog: If you want to get better, you have to--
text: Charlie looks at her, nodding her encouragement.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: She was... insane.
text: The minute he says one word of truth, he feels ashamed. He
text: stops talking. Dr. Burton does not press him. Not today.
speaker_heading: DR. BURTON
dialog: Charlie, are you going to let me help you
dialog: here?
text: Charlie cries and nods.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: DR. BURTON
dialog: Do you remember anything before you
dialog: blacked out?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I, uh... I remember leaving Sam's house,
dialog: and walking home...
text: We move away from them as Charlie's voice trails off.
scene_heading: 175 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - MORNING 175
text: The sun creeps through the windows. We can hear birds
text: outside. The intercom is quiet. Charlie is alone. He looks
text: at Sam's typewriter. "Dear Friend" is already typed.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: I was in the hospital for awhile. I won't
dialog: go into detail about all of it. But I
dialog: will say there were some very bad days.
dialog: And some unexpected beautiful days.
text: Charlie picks up a get well card from Sam.
scene_heading: 176 INT. HOSPITAL HALLWAY - DAY 176
text: Dr. Burton walks Charlie's parents down the hallway.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: The worst day was the time my doctor told
dialog: my mom and dad what Aunt Helen did to me.
text: In the distance, we see Charlie's mom and dad stop. Shocked.
dialog: 91.
scene_heading: 177 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY 177
text: Charlie looks up and sees his mom and dad in the doorway.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Honey?
text: His mother comes to hold him.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm so sorry.
text: For a second, we see the emotion his father hides behind the
text: sports page, before he chokes it down. He walks over to his
text: son and kisses his forehead.
scene_heading: 178 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - MORNING 178
text: Charlie, Chris, and Candace sit on the bed, playing cards.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: The best days were those when I could
dialog: have visitors. My brother and sister
dialog: always came for those until Chris had to
dialog: go to training camp. He's going to be
dialog: first string this year. And my sister
dialog: told me she met a nice guy at her summer
dialog: job.
scene_heading: 179 INT. HOSPITAL HALLWAY - AFTERNOON 179
text: Charlie leaves his room with his suitcase in hand. His
text: mother waits in the hallway with Dr. Burton.
speaker_heading: DR. BURTON
dialog: There he is. So, I'll see you Thursday
dialog: at 6, right?
text: Charlie nods and leaves the hospital with his mother.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: My doctor said we can't choose where we
dialog: can come from, but we can choose where we
dialog: go from there. I know it's not all the
dialog: answers, but it was enough to start
dialog: putting these pieces together.
text: Dr. Burton smiles, then turns back into the hospital.
scene_heading: 180 INT. CHARLIE'S DINING ROOM - NIGHT 180
text: The family sits at the dinner table.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: God bless this food that we are about to
dialog: receive. We thank You for this bounty in
dialog: the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
text: After they say "Amen," the room falls silent. The family is
text: on pins and needles. No one touches their food. Until...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How do you think the Penguins are going
dialog: to do this year, dad?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: God damn Penguins. I think they're
dialog: allergic to God damn defense.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What do the players call a puck again?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: A biscuit.
speaker_heading: CANDACE
dialog: Are you sure it's not a "God damn
dialog: biscuit?"
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You're cruisin' for a bruisin'.
text: As things return to normal, dad picks up his paper. Candace
text: talks about the books she'll need for college. Everyone
text: starts eating. And Charlie smiles, happy to just be home.
scene_heading: 181 INT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - DUSK 181
text: Ding dong. The door opens to reveal Patrick, smiling.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Can Charlie come out and play?
text: Charlie's mother smiles. Charlie smiles, too. Especially
text: when he sees... Sam. Standing next to Patrick. Her hair a
text: little different. Her eyes alive and happy.
scene_heading: 182 INT. KINGS FAMILY RESTAURANT - NIGHT 182
text: The gang of three sit at their booth. Sam and Patrick have
dialog: their coffee. Charlie has his brownie. Like always.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That first night, I had grilled stickies.
dialog: It was so good. You have to visit in the
dialog: Fall. We'll have some. Okay?
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Definitely.
speaker_heading: PATRICK
dialog: Sorry, Sam. Charlie has a breakdown
dialog: scheduled for October.
text: Charlie laughs. Sam smiles. After a beat...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Well, can I tell you something? I've
dialog: been away for two months. It's another
dialog: world. And it gets better.
dialog: (off Charlie's smile)
dialog: And my roommate Katie has the best taste
dialog: in music.
text: Sam puts a cassette tape down on the table.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: I found the tunnel song.
text: Charlie looks at Sam and Patrick, who smile.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's drive.
scene_heading: 183 EXT. KINGS FAMILY RESTAURANT - NIGHT 183
text: The three leave the restaurant and jump into Sam's truck.
text: Patrick drives. Charlie in the middle. Sam the passenger.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: I don't know if I will have the time to
dialog: write any more letters because I might be
dialog: too busy trying to participate. So, if
dialog: this does end up being the last letter, I
dialog: just want you to know that I was in a bad
dialog: place before I started high school. And
dialog: you helped me.
scene_heading: 184 INT. SAM'S TRUCK - NIGHT 184
text: The three friends are flying down the highway in Sam's truck.
text: The music blaring. The wind making their hair dance.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Even if you didn't know what I was
dialog: talking about. Or know someone who's
dialog: gone through it. It made me not feel
dialog: alone.
text: With Sam's help, Charlie climbs through the little window
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: 185 EXT. HIGHWAY 376 NORTH - NIGHT 185
text: Charlie gets into the back of the truck. He sits down,
text: looking back at the highway. Watching everywhere he's been.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Because I know there are people who say
dialog: all of these things don't happen. And
dialog: there are people who forget what it's
dialog: like to be 16 when they turn 17.
text: We see Charlie in profile. The night sky behind him until...
scene_heading: 186 INT. FORT PITT TUNNEL - NIGHT 186
text: ... they enter the tunnel, and we realize just how fast
text: they're driving. The white tiles of the tunnel whiz by at
text: blinding speed. A perfect night. A perfect drive. Flying.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: I know these will all be stories someday.
dialog: And our pictures will become old
dialog: photographs. And we'll all become
dialog: somebody's mom or dad. But right now,
dialog: these moments are not stories.
text: Charlie turns to face forward. To the moment. To Sam,
text: smiling at him from the front seat.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O) (CONT'D)
dialog: This is happening. I am here. And I am
text: looking at her. And she is so beautiful.
text: Sam kisses Charlie. Then, she turns, and all three kids look
text: ahead to everything in front of them. Charlie begins to
text: stand in the back of the truck. Ready to leave the tunnel.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I can see it. This one moment when you
dialog: know you're not a sad story. You are
dialog: alive. And as you stand up and see the
text: lights on buildings and everything that
dialog: makes you wonder. And you are listening
dialog: to that song on that drive with the
dialog: people you love most in this world.
text: Charlie stands in the back of the truck. The wind on his
text: face. He is free.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: And in this moment, I swear...
dialog: 95.
text: We see the moment as Charlie sees it. The tunnel's exit
text: getting bigger and brighter with the lights of the city
text: behind it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ... we are infinite.
text: The tunnel song blasts over the speakers as the truck flies
text: out of the tunnel. Sam and Patrick scream with excitement.
text: Charlie holds his arms in the air. The weight of the world
text: gone. If only for a moment. This one moment. We see the
text: city. A million lights like white stars in a glass dome. We
dialog: crane to the sky. We are in Heaven.
text: FADE OUT.
text: 
