dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE HOSPITAL
dialog: Written by
dialog: Paddy Chayefsky
scene_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
dialog: 1971
dialog: 
scene_heading: THE HOSPITAL. DAY. MAY,
text: PANORAMIC VIEW of The Hospital -- a vast medical complex, a
text: sprawling pastiche of architecture extending ten blocks north
text: and south on First Avenue and east to the river.
dialog: The Hospital was founded in the late 19th century, and there
text: are still a few begrimed Victorian Bedlams and Bastilles
text: among the buildings. Mostly though, it is Medical Modern
text: 1971, white and chrome and lots of glass and concrete shafts
text: and rotundas. A spanking new Community Mental Health Clinic
text: towers among the tenements at the northern end of the complex.
text: On the far side of First Avenue, a twenty-story apartment
text: house with recessed balconies and picture windows to house
text: the resident staff has just recently been completed, and
text: next to it, eight ghetto buildings are being demolished to
dialog: make way -- according to the construction company's sign --
dialog: for a new Drug Rehabilitation Center, to be completed in
dialog: 1973, we should all live so long. This is where the shattering
text: SOUNDS OF CONSTRUCTION are coming from. A block length of
text: generators and cement and demolition machines are POUNDING,
text: CRASHING, SCREAMING. Traffic HONKS and BRAYS up First Avenue.
text: It is a cold spring morning -- 10:00 A.M.
text: A 1966 station wagon pulls up to the Holly Pavilion.
text: A tiny, fragile, white-bearded OLD MAN, almost lost in his
text: overcoat, is helped from the rear of a station wagon and
text: slowly led to the entrance doors by a middle-aged nurse.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: On Monday morning, a patient named
dialog: Guernsey, male, middle-seventies was
dialog: admitted to the hospital complaining
text: of chest pains.
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION. EIGHTH FLOOR CORRIDOR
text: The old man is now in a wheelchair pushed by a hospital
text: orderly down the corridor.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: He had been referred by a nursing
dialog: home where the doctor had diagnosed
text: his condition as angina pectoris.
dialog: Now it is axiomatic that nursing
dialog: home doctors are always wrong.
speaker_heading: ROOM 806
text: The old man, shirtless, is propped on the edge of the bed,
text: wheezing. DR. SCHAEFER, a young intern in white-uniform,
text: perches beside him with the old man's chart in his lap, taking
text: down his history. The other patient in the two-bedded room,
text: a MIDDLE-AGED MAN, is comatose and all rigged up with I.V.'s
text: and catheters.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The intern who admitted Mr. Guernsey,
dialog: however, accepted the diagnosis and
dialog: prescribed morphine, a drug suitable
dialog: for angina but not at all suitable
dialog: for emphysema, which is,
dialog: unfortunately, what the old man
dialog: actually had. Within an hour...
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR CORRIDOR
text: Two orderlies rush the old man's bed with, of course, the
text: old man in it, past the Nurses' Station and into a waiting
dialog: elevator.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: ...the patient became unresponsive
text: and diaphoretic and was raced up to
dialog: Intensive Care with an irregular
dialog: pulse of 150, blood pressure 90 over
text: 60, respiration rapid and shallow.
scene_heading: INTENSIVE CARE
text: An oxygen mask is applied to the old man's face by the
dialog: resident.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: The resident on duty now compounded
text: the blunder by treating the old man
dialog: for pulmonary edema. He gave him
dialog: digitalis, diuretics and oxygen.
dialog: This restored the old man's color...
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR CORRIDOR
text: The elevator door opens. Two orderlies wheel the sleeping
text: man on his bed back around the Nurses' Station and down the
text: corridor to his room.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: ...and he was sent back to his room
text: in the Holly Pavilion, ruddy
text: complected and peacefully asleep.
scene_heading: ROOM 806. EVENING
text: The old man is back in his room sleeping serenely, his tiny
text: body making barely a ripple in the white sheet that covers
text: him. The room is in hushed shadows. A yellowish light diffuses
text: into the room from the half-opened bathroom door. The other
text: patient in the room remains as before, comatose and silent.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: In point of fact, the patient was in
dialog: CO2 narcosis...
speaker_heading: ROOM 806
text: All the lights are on now. NURSE PENNY CANDUSO and an orderly
text: are wrapping the old man in a post-mortem shroud. BRUBAKER,
text: the senior resident, is giving hell to Schaefer, the intern.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: ...and died at seven-thirty that
dialog: evening.
text: The shrouded body of the old man is wheeled out of the room.
text: CAMERA STAYS on the vacated bed.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: I mention all this, only to explain
dialog: how the bed in Room 806 became
dialog: available.
text: PAN from bed to Schaefer, now alone in the room and regarding
text: the empty bed with frowning interest. Schaefer is a scraggly
text: young fellow, bespectacled, with a contemporary mess of hair
text: and a swinging unkempt moustachio. HOLD on Schaefer.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: The intern involved was a prickly
text: young buck named Schaefer who had a
dialog: good thing going for him with a
text: technician in the hematology lab. In
dialog: the haphazard fashion of hospital
dialog: romances, Dr. Schaefer had been
dialog: zapping this girl on wheelchairs,
text: stretchers, pantry shelves...
text: Dr. Schaefer moves for the phone on the table between the
dialog: two beds.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: ...in the kitchen, in the morgue, in
text: the dark corners of corridors...
text: Schaefer speaks softly into the phone.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: ...standing up, sitting down -- so
dialog: you can imagine what an available
dialog: bed meant to him.
speaker_heading: SCHAEFER
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Hey, Sheila, this is Howard, Sheila.
dialog: Hey listen. I got us a bed for
text: tonight. A real, honest-to-god bed.
text: FREEZE on CLOSE-UP of the beaming, lubricious Schaefer on
dialog: phone as
scene_heading: CREDITS AND MUSIC ERUPT ONTO THE SCREEN --
speaker_heading: THE HOSPITAL
text: INTERSPERSED WITH CREDITS, the following scenes:
scene_heading: ROOM 806. NIGHT
text: Dark. Just a bit of moonlight streaking through the not quite
text: closed bathroom. The hallway door opens, and a young woman,
text: carrying a top coat, slips quickly in giggling like hell,
text: followed by Schaefer, who is likewise giggling and admonishing
text: her to be quiet. Her name is SHEILA. Sheila notices the other
text: patient in the room sleeping away and looks questioningly at
text: Schaefer, who reassures her as he removes her coat. After
text: which he strips off his own white jacket and trousers and
text: hangs them in the armoire. The girl asks in a hoarse whisper
dialog: if they're going to get totally nude and wonders if that's
text: such a good idea. For an answer, Schaefer fondles her crotch.
text: They both giggle, they both shush each other, they giggle
text: again; they're both stoned. The girl unzippers her dress.
text: The dark room is filled for the moment with the flurry of
text: undressing, flung garments, elbows, legs and arms, bumpings
text: into each other, and Sheila saying between giggles, "Boy, I
dialog: sure hope nobody walks in."
text: They eventually wind up on the unoccupied bed, and the scene
text: ends looking ACROSS the sleeping profile of THE PATIENT in
text: the other bed as Schaefer and his girl thump away at each
text: other with much creaking of springs, moans, groans, giggles
text: and the white-limbed patterns of fornication.
speaker_heading: ROOM 806
text: Dark, silent, hushed. The fun and games are over. Sheila is
text: in front of the armoire. She slips back into her dress, after
text: which she tiptoes back to the bed where Schaefer is deeply
text: asleep, smiling in postcoital peace. Sheila bends, shakes
text: his shoulder.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: I'll see you.
text: Schaefer smiles, grunts, sleeps on.
text: END OF CREDITS.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: THE HOSPITAL. 6:30 A.M. NEXT MORNING, TUESDAY
text: A cold newly-dawned sun shines down on the vast sprawling
text: complex of the hospital. Desultory early morning traffic on
dialog: First Avenue.
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, EIGHTH FLOOR
text: The night shift of nurses is closing out another night's
text: work, which has been on the whole uneventful. The head nurse,
text: MRS. REARDON, hunches over her paperwork. NURSE ELIZABETH
text: RIVERS sits at the desk beside her, resting her head on the
text: palm of one hand. NURSE'S AID J.C. MILLER crosses with an
text: armful of linens. She disappears into the pharmacy and supply
text: areas behind the Nurses' Station. In the west corridor, NURSE
text: LUCINDA PEREZ glances at her watch, then pads down to Room
text: 806. She enters.
scene_heading: ROOM 806. DAY
text: A cold gray light cheerlessly illuminates the room. Nurse
text: Perez checks the I.V. on the comatose patient who is in the
text: bed nearest the door. Then she turns to regard the other bed --
text: which gives her pause.
text: NURSE'S P.O.V.: Intern Dr. Schaefer is lying on this bed,
text: rigid, eyes dilated, pupils staring unseeing. An I.V. tube
text: sticks out of his naked right arm. Nurse Perez doesn't quite
text: know what to make of the fact that Dr. Schaefer is lying on
text: that bed with an I.V. tube sticking out of him looking dead.
text: Frowning, she reaches out a tentative hand to shake his naked
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: NURSE PEREZ
dialog: Doctor Schaefer...
text: There is, of course, no response. A terrible suspicion enters
text: Nurse Perez's mind, and she closes her eyes and sighs a long
text: shuddering sigh. Then she opens her eyes and, with a second
text: and briefer sigh, reaches for Schaefer's neck to take his
text: pulse. Clearly, the result is not encouraging. She sighs
text: another short sigh and regards Schaefer's unblinking, dilated
text: pupils. It's all a bit too much for her; she shuffles to the
text: window and stares out into the gray morning where things are
text: a little more comprehensible. Once again, she returns to the
text: bed, regards Schaefer's death mask. She raises the bedsheet
text: and, for one short but appreciative moment, considers
text: Schaefer's naked body. She lets the bedsheet carefully down.
text: She sighs again.
speaker_heading: NURSE PEREZ
dialog: (trying again, with
dialog: little hope)
dialog: Doctor Schaefer?
text: She sighs, turns and leaves the room.
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR CORRIDOR
text: Nurse Perez, frowning and pursing her lips, moves slowly
dialog: back to...
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR, NURSES' STATION
text: Head Nurse Reardon is still bent over her paperwork.
speaker_heading: NURSE PEREZ
dialog: Listen, did you know Doctor Schaefer
dialog: was in Eight-O-Six, because he's
dialog: dead?
scene_heading: MRS. REARDON
dialog: (late forties,
dialog: continues her
dialog: painstaking paperwork,
dialog: grunts)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NURSE PEREZ
dialog: I'm just telling you, Dr. Schaefer
text: is dead.
scene_heading: MRS. REARDON
dialog: (works on; after a
dialog: moment, looks up)
dialog: What do you want, Perez?
speaker_heading: NURSE PEREZ
dialog: Look, I don't know what the hell
dialog: this is all about, but Dr. Schaefer
text: is in Room 806 with an I.V. running
dialog: and he's dead. I didn't even know he
dialog: was sick.
scene_heading: MRS. REARDON
dialog: (regards Perez a moment)
dialog: Perez, what the hell are you talking
dialog: about?
dialog: (appeals to Nurse
text: Rivers coming out of
dialog: the floor pharmacy)
dialog: Do you know what the hell she's
dialog: talking about?
speaker_heading: NURSE PEREZ
dialog: Well, maybe I'm going crazy. I don't
dialog: know. Isn't Room 806 the patient
dialog: Guernsey? I mean, did something happen
dialog: I don't know about?
scene_heading: MRS. REARDON
dialog: Perez, I don't know what you're
dialog: talking about.
speaker_heading: NURSE PEREZ
dialog: This is the nuttiest thing I ever
text: saw. Dr. Schaefer's in Room 806 dead.
scene_heading: MRS. REARDON
dialog: What Dr. Schaefer? Our Dr. Schaefer?
speaker_heading: NURSE PEREZ
dialog: Our Dr. Schaefer. The one who's always
dialog: grabbing everybody's ass.
scene_heading: MRS. REARDON
dialog: (to Nurse Rivers)
dialog: Do you know what she's talking about?
text: I don't know what she's talking about.
dialog: (to Perez)
dialog: What do you mean Doctor Schaefer's
dialog: in Room 806 dead?
speaker_heading: NURSE PEREZ
text: I mean, he's lying on the far bed,
text: stone dead, and with an I.V. tube
dialog: sticking out of him. And if you don't
dialog: believe me, maybe you just ought to
dialog: get up and look for yourself.
text: With a short, irritable sigh, Mrs. Reardon abandons her
text: paperwork and heads down the west corridor, followed by Nurses
text: Perez and Rivers. CAMERA TRACKS as Mrs. Reardon turns to
dialog: Nurse Rivers.
scene_heading: MRS. REARDON
dialog: All right, maybe you'd better call
dialog: Mrs. Christie.
text: Phone RINGS.
scene_heading: BOCK'S HOTEL ROOM
text: Dark. Venetian blinds drawn. TV set on, a gray coarse-grained
text: square. PHONE RINGS.
text: DR. HERBERT BOCK, 53 years old, a large man, bulky,
text: disheveled, apparently fell asleep in a chair while watching
text: television the night before. The bed still has its spread on
text: but is rumpled. Bock is in trousers and shirt, collar opened,
text: barefooted. PHONE RINGS. The reading lamp is the only light
text: in the room except for the sheen of gray hissing from the
text: television. Newspapers litter the floor. Books, two-day-old
text: plates of food, yesterday's mugs of coffee, cigar-stuffed
text: ashtrays, a shirt, a pair of pants, a winter overcoat, a
text: battered gray fedora have been slung about. PHONE on the
text: bedtable RINGS again, begins to penetrate the sotted sleep
text: of the man. Two bottles of booze, one empty, and a clump of
text: glasses are on the coffee table in front of Bock. He grunts,
text: opens an eye. PHONE RINGS. Bock suddenly exsufflates in a
text: snorting grunt. He stands, shuffles to the bed, a big, sodden
text: fellow, picks up the receiver, interrupting its next RING.
text: He sinks, sitting on the bed.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: This is Dr. Bock... Yes, Mrs.
dialog: Christie, what is it? It's all right,
dialog: I'd be getting up in a few minutes
dialog: anyway... I'm sorry I missed that.
dialog: Would you say it again? Yes, I know
dialog: him, Schaefer, the stud with the
text: glasses, who fancies the nurses...
dialog: I'm afraid I don't understand that,
dialog: what do you mean? Was he sick? I
dialog: mean, was he... uh, what was the
dialog: cause of death? Was he being treated?
dialog: I don't understand. What was he doing
dialog: in the bed? You did say he... Look,
dialog: Mrs. Christie, did you call the
dialog: office? Good, well, I'll... No, no,
dialog: it's all right. I'll be getting my
dialog: wake-up call any minute anyway.
text: He returns the receiver to its cradle, sits disoriented,
text: unbuttoning his shirt.
scene_heading: HOSPITAL. MORNING. 8:00 A.M.
text: LONG SHOT of the hospital, now alive and jumping. Taxis pull
text: up and out of the large U-shaped drive. A noisy picket line
text: of about twenty chanting protesters parade with signs in an
text: uneven ellipse.
scene_heading: GRUMBLING PROTESTERS
dialog: (chanting)
dialog: Two-four! Help the poor!
text: Most of the placards are slogan-y: "PEOPLE YES! DOCTORS NO!" --
text: "CURE POVERTY! HEAL THE POOR!" Two protesters move toward
text: the street, waving and yelling at an approaching car. One, a
text: young white fellow wears a sandwich board that goes into the
text: matter at some length: "WE PROTEST THE EVICTION OF 386 BLACK
text: FAMILIES AND THE DESTRUCTION OF THEIR HOMES TO SERVE THE
scene_heading: EXPANSIONIST POLICIES OF THIS IMPERIALIST HOSPITAL."
text: In the back seat of the car sits JOHN SUNDSTROM, handsomely
text: graying, tanned, early fifties, the Director of the Hospital.
text: He looks up. That young demonstrator, DR. IVES, a sandy-haired
text: bespectacled man of 30 in a white doctor's coat, sidles to
text: the car's open rear window angrily shouting.
speaker_heading: DR. IVES
dialog: What do you say, Sundstrom? How much
dialog: longer do you think our monopolistic,
dialog: exclusionary, racist policies will
dialog: work?
speaker_heading: PROTESTER
dialog: We're the hope!
text: Sundstrom lowers his window and gives his driver directions.
text: He exits in the BACKGROUND parking area, where he notices
text: Bock emerging from his car. Sundstrom waits for him.
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: So how's it going, Herb?
text: Bock's sour glance says it all. He locks his car, joins
text: Sundstrom, and the two men start down the concrete ramp.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: One of my interns dropped dead this
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: Really? I'm sorry to hear that. I
dialog: understand you've moved out to a
dialog: hotel.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: It got that bad with Phyllis?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: It's been that bad for twenty-four
dialog: years. Are you going to be solicitous?
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Oh, God.
text: They trudge across the U-shaped entrance drive, pausing to
text: let a car pass.
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: Listen, Herb, I'm the guy who brought
dialog: you into this hospital, so I think I
dialog: can skip the diplomatic overtures.
dialog: Marty stopped me in the hall
dialog: yesterday, very upset. He had just
dialog: had lunch with you and said you
dialog: sounded suicidal. Marty tends to be
dialog: extravagant, but he's not the only
dialog: one. Jack Singer mentioned the other
dialog: day you've been boozing it up a lot.
dialog: And let's face it, you've been
dialog: sloughing off. I understand you
dialog: haven't even been doing rounds.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: I'm going to do rounds today.
text: They pick their way around the shuffling line of protesters --
text: many with Afro haircuts and tinted glasses, including a black
text: minister and four young white activists.
scene_heading: HOSPITAL, HOLLY PAVILION, EXECUTIVE CORRIDOR
text: Early-arriving secretaries chat in the doorways. The corridor
dialog: itself connects to the Bryce Pavilion (pediatrics, gynecology
text: and obstetrics), so a steady stream of traffic moves back
text: and forth. Bock and Sundstrom enter the corridor and slow to
text: a halt to continue their chat by a wall.
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: Herb, want a couple of days off?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: Go down to Montego Bay, get drunk,
dialog: get laid, get a little sun.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: For God's sake, John, I'm fifty-three
dialog: years old with all the attendant
dialog: fears. I just left my wife after
dialog: twenty-four years. Standard case of
text: menopausal melancholy.
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: Maybe you ought to have a talk with
dialog: Joe Einhorn.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: I don't want to see a psychiatrist.
dialog: Stop worrying about me. All I have
dialog: to do is get my ass back to work,
dialog: and I'll be fine. I'm sorry I've
dialog: caused you concern.
text: He sets off down the long corridor to the elevators. MILTON
text: MEAD, the Administrator of the Hospital, comes out of one of
text: the offices, waves a good morning to Bock, who acknowledges
text: him and plods on. Mead comes up to Sundstrom, now moving
text: toward his own office.
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: Sid just called from St. Luke's, and
dialog: he's heard that the demonstrators up
dialog: there are planning a march to join
dialog: the bunch down here.
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: Oh, God.
text: (he wraps his arm
dialog: around Mead's
dialog: shoulders, ushering
dialog: him into his office
dialog: area)
dialog: Did you call the cops?
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, EIGHTH FLOOR. 8:15 A.M.
text: The elevator door opens. Out comes Bock, overcoat unbuttoned
text: now. He clumps to the Nurses' Station. An unusual number of
text: nurses seems to be there. Through the doorway of the floor
text: pharmacy, we can see Nurse Rivers of the night shift being
text: comforted by Nurse Perez of the night shift and Nurse Edwards
text: of the morning shift. The head morning nurse, MRS. DONOVAN,
text: is at the desk hunched over her paperwork. (Nurses are always
text: hunched over their paperwork.) NURSE FELICIA CHILE is also
text: seated at the desk doing some paperwork. Head Nurse Donovan
text: looks up briefly as Dr. Bock approaches.
scene_heading: MRS. DONOVAN
dialog: (back to her paperwork)
dialog: They're all in Eight-O-Six, Doctor.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: What happened?
scene_heading: MRS. DONOVAN
dialog: I think I'll just let Mrs. Christie
dialog: tell you about it.
text: Bock lumbers off for the west corridor through a press of
text: activity. Kitchen workers trundle creaking portable carts,
text: nurse's aids and attendants pop in and out of doorways bearing
text: trays and used dishes. A robed patient or two ambulates along
text: the hall. Morning rounds have just started, which means a
text: clump of white-jacketed, white-trousered young doctors are
text: gathered in a gaggle at the far end. The group includes senior
text: resident MONROE BRUBAKER, junior resident HARVEY BIEGELMAN,
text: interns SAM CHANDLER and IRVING AMBLER and another medical
text: student, all lounging outside a door discussing the condition
dialog: of the patient within.
text: Chandler is presenting the case from a handful of notecards
text: in his hand. The others lean against the walls, listening.
text: They wear shirts and ties with the exception of Ambler, who
text: is new to the floor and still in the canonical white tunic
text: under his jacket. They are all in their twenties and have
text: swinger sideburns and occasional mustaches. When he spots
text: Dr. Bock, senior resident Brubaker turns the rounds over to
text: Biegelman and joins Bock just outside 806.
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
text: (as he approaches,
dialog: rolls his eyes)
dialog: Oh boy.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: I've seen some pretty good snafus,
dialog: but this one... I mean, there's a
dialog: certain splendor to this one. One of
text: the night nurses, a float, thought
dialog: Schaefer was a patient and plugged
text: an I.V. into him. He was a diabetic,
dialog: you know.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: What do you mean, a nurse plugged an
dialog: I.V. into him?
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: Oh, it's really a screwed-up story,
dialog: Doctor. You see, what happened was
dialog: we had an old man in that bed who
dialog: died last night, so the bed was
dialog: available. And you know Schaefer.
dialog: He's Sammy Stud.
speaker_heading: BOCK
text: And he talked a nurse into zapping
dialog: him on that bed.
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: I think it was a girl from hematology
text: he's been running with.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: My God, it's a Roman farce.
text: The door to Room 806 opens, and an Assistant Administrator
text: named HITCHCOCK pokes his head out.
speaker_heading: HITCHCOCK
dialog: I thought I heard you out here,
dialog: Doctor.
dialog: (he too rolls his
text: eyes heavenward in
dialog: an expression of
dialog: incredulity)
text: Bock makes a noise and goes into...
speaker_heading: ROOM 806
text: Aside from Hitchcock, the room includes MRS. CHRISTIE, the
text: Director of Nurses, a fusty forty-six, in streetclothes;
text: Head Night Nurse, Mrs. Reardon, in uniform; Head Evening
text: Nurse, MRS. DUNNE, mid-fifties, who had apparently been called
text: in from home because she's in mufti and wearing a winter
text: coat; and, of course, the comatose patient and the dead Dr.
text: Schaefer. Mrs. Christie is instructing the two nurses.
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: I'll need one from both of you, three
dialog: copies, and I suggest you do that
dialog: right now. The forms are in my
dialog: office...
text: Mrs. Dunne, on the verge of tears, head bobbing, looks up to
dialog: Bock.
scene_heading: MRS. DUNNE
dialog: I'm really so terribly sorry about
dialog: this, Dr. Bock. I...
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (regarding Schaefer's
dialog: rigid death mask)
dialog: As I understand it, one of the nurses
dialog: inadvertently administered an I.V.
dialog: to Schaefer here. How the hell could
dialog: that happen?
speaker_heading: HITCHCOCK
dialog: Listen, I think we ought to straighten
dialog: this out somewhere else.
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: Yes, very good idea. Oh God, what a
dialog: mess.
text: They all file out now, Bock in the rear into...
scene_heading: HALLWAY, NURSES' STATION AND LOBBY AREA
text: They all go along to the Nurses' Station where Mrs. Reardon
text: and Mrs. Dunne disappear into the rooms behind. Mrs. Christie
text: leads Hitchcock and the trailing Bock to the TV-solarium;
text: but Dr. Brubaker is now holding his rounds there. He stands,
text: quietly expounding on the uses of heparin, a decoagulant.
text: One of the patients last night had hemorrhaged consequent to
text: injudicious use of that drug. Listening, the other young
text: doctors make notes. Mrs. Christie leans against the wall.
text: Apparently, the conference is to take place in the corridor.
text: Background activity continues normally.
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: (with a sigh)
dialog: Well, these things happen, of course.
speaker_heading: HITCHCOCK
dialog: I suppose I'd better call the Medical
dialog: Examiner.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: I still don't know what happened.
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: Well, it took an hour to get it sorted
text: out. It seems a patient named Guernsey
dialog: died last night in Eight-O-Six, but
dialog: that information wasn't given to the
dialog: night nurses. These things happen.
text: Bock has begun to get the drift. A curious state of apathy
text: settles over him.
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: (rattling on)
dialog: At any rate, according to the cardex,
dialog: the patient Guernsey was down for
dialog: twenty-five milligrams of Sparine Q-
dialog: 6-H, so Mrs. Reardon sent Nurse Perez
text: to give him his twelve o'clock shot.
text: Meanwhile, it seems Dr. Schaefer had
dialog: usurped that particular bed for his
dialog: own purposes. Dr. Brubaker suggests
dialog: it was for a love tryst, and some
dialog: weight is given that hypothesis by
text: the fact that Dr. Schaefer was naked.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (trying to give his
dialog: attention to this)
dialog: I get the drift, Mrs. Christie. In
dialog: other words, Nurse Perez went in and
dialog: sedated Dr. Schaefer thinking it was
dialog: the patient Guernsey. My God! What I
dialog: don't understand...
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: If I may finish, Doctor. Well, after
dialog: Perez gave him his shot, she noticed
text: the I.V. on the bed had been pinched
dialog: off, and she reported that back to
dialog: Mrs. Reardon, who then assigned Nurse
dialog: Rivers to restart the I.V.
dialog: (Bock sighs)
dialog: Now Rivers was a float. She didn't
dialog: even know the staff people on the
dialog: floor, and nobody knew what the
dialog: patient Guernsey looked like anyway,
dialog: since he'd only been admitted that
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: BOCK
text: So she plugged an I.V. into him.
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: How much?
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: A liter.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (The doctor in him
text: intrudes into his
dialog: lassitude)
dialog: A five percent glucose solution won't
dialog: kill anybody. Did he have any other
dialog: ancillary conditions? He wasn't
dialog: dehydrated, was he? Didn't anybody
dialog: bother to go in to check him during
dialog: the night, even under the impression
dialog: he was merely a patient? Was he
dialog: hyperasthmolic? Did he have a bad
dialog: heart? He must have had some kind of
dialog: thrombosis. I want the post done
dialog: here, Mr. Hitchcock. And you and I
dialog: better have a little chat, Mrs.
dialog: Christie, about your excessive use
dialog: of float nurses.
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: I've got nearly a thousand nurses in
dialog: this hospital.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (gathering rage)
dialog: And every time one of them has her
dialog: period, she disappears for three
dialog: days. My doctors complain regularly
text: they can't find the same nurse on
text: the same floor two days in a row.
dialog: What the hell am I supposed to tell
dialog: that boy Schaefer's parents? That a
dialog: substitute nurse assassinated him,
dialog: because she couldn't tell the doctors
dialog: from the patients on the floor? My
dialog: God, the incompetence here is
dialog: absolutely radiant! I mean, two
text: separate nurses walk into a room,
text: stick needles into a man -- and one
dialog: of those was a number eighteen jelco! --
dialog: tourniquet the poor sonofabitch,
text: anchor the poor sonofabitch's arm
dialog: with adhesive tape, and it's the
dialog: wrong poor sonofabitch! I mean, my
dialog: God! Where do you train your nurses,
dialog: Mrs. Christie? Dachau!?
dialog: (he is aware his voice
dialog: has risen and is
text: attracting attention.
text: He lowers his voice)
dialog: All right, wrap him up and get him
dialog: down to Pathology. I'm especially
text: interested in his blood sugar. A
dialog: liter of glucose never killed anybody.
dialog: Your ladies must've done something
dialog: else to him.
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: Will there be anything else, Doctor?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HITCHCOCK
dialog: Before you call the family, Doctor,
dialog: I wish you'd talk to Mr. Mead about
dialog: this. We'd like, naturally, to avoid
dialog: litigation.
text: Bock heads abruptly down the corridor to the elevators.
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, SEVENTH FLOOR, CORRIDOR
text: A corridor of offices. This is the Department of Medicine,
text: where Bock and all the senior staff members of the department
text: have their offices. It's quiet, since most of the staff are
text: away at their various specialties about the hospital.
text: Bock comes up the corridor still wearing the overcoat he
text: arrived in some hours ago. He has only managed to unbutton
text: it in all the time it has taken him to reach the corner
text: office. Gilt lettering on the door reads: DEPARTMENT OF
scene_heading: MEDICINE and below that DR. HERBERT E. BOCK.
scene_heading: BOCK'S OFFICE, OUTER OFFICE
text: Small office with two desks. As Department Chief, Bock gets
text: two secretaries. Both are at their desks, one on the phone,
text: MISS GLORIA LEBOW, and the other rattling away on the IBM,
scene_heading: MISS STEPHANIE McGUIRE.
speaker_heading: MISS LEBOW
dialog: (mouthing)
dialog: Coffee?
text: It would seem not. Bock waves a listless hand, exits into...
scene_heading: BOCK'S PRIVATE OFFICE
text: The modestly imposing office is lined with medical tomes.
text: Bock slips out of his coat and jacket and hangs them in the
text: closet. In shirtsleeves with his tie a bit askew --
dialog: fastidiousness in dress is not Bock's strong point -- he
text: crosses to his desk and sits, breathing more heavily than
text: his small exertions would seem to warrant. He seems exhausted.
text: There is a KNOCK on the door. Miss Lebow enters, holding a
text: filing envelope stuffed with papers.
speaker_heading: MISS LEBOW
text: A few things have been piling up.
dialog: Would you like to go into them?
text: A guttural noise indicates yes. Miss Lebow pulls up a chair,
text: opens her folder.
speaker_heading: MISS LEBOW
text: A quickie. Dr. Esterhazy wants to
dialog: start hiring temporary people to
dialog: cover the summer vacations. He says
dialog: last year some of the replacement
dialog: people didn't receive their checks
dialog: until they waited six months. He
dialog: wonders if you could do something
dialog: about getting these people paid more
dialog: promptly.
text: She places a sheet of paper on the desk in front of Bock. He
text: tries to give his attention to it.
speaker_heading: MISS LEBOW
dialog: (drones on)
dialog: Miss Aronovici complains the lab
text: reports are coming in slow into the
dialog: E.R. I called Dr. Immelman about
dialog: that, and she said three microscopes
text: have been stolen out of her lab in
dialog: the last two months. Charley Waters
dialog: also complains about pilferage. I've
dialog: clumped all those together for you...
text: (she lays a sheaf of
text: memos in front of
text: Bock, who stares at
dialog: them blankly)
dialog: Now, as you know, Doctor, we've agreed
dialog: to take over the local ambulance
dialog: cases as part of the hospital's
dialog: commitment to the community, and
dialog: it's created a serious overload in
dialog: the E.R. I don't know why this was
dialog: dumped in our lap, but...
text: Bock obviously isn't up to all this. He waves a limp hand to
dialog: stop Miss Lebow's morning report.
speaker_heading: BOCK
text: (staring at his desktop)
dialog: Find out if Dr. Einhorn is in his
dialog: office yet.
speaker_heading: MISS LEBOW
dialog: Which Dr. Einhorn? Ophthalmology or
dialog: Psychiatry?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Psychiatry.
dialog: (suddenly stands)
dialog: Never mind. I'll look in myself.
text: He lumbers across the room and out into...
scene_heading: BOCK'S OUTER OFFICE
text: ...and down past Miss McGuire, rattling away on her IBM, and
dialog: out into...
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, SEVENTH FLOOR, CORRIDOR
text: ...down past several closed doors, stopping at a door marked
text: DEPARTMENT OF PSYCHIATRY, DR. JOSEPH EINHORN. He enters.
scene_heading: DR. EINHORN'S OFFICE, SECRETARY'S OFFICE
text: A secretary at her desk, sips coffee and reads a paperback
dialog: novel.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Is he in?
text: The doctor is obviously in. He can be seen through the open
text: door sitting at his desk writing in a notebook. Bock leans
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Can you give me a few minutes, Joe?
speaker_heading: EINHORN
dialog: (short, chunky,
text: bespectacled, late
dialog: fifties)
dialog: Of course.
text: Bock goes in, closes the door behind himself.
scene_heading: DR. EINHORN'S OFFICE
text: Bock looks only at the floor.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (ill at ease)
dialog: I've been having periods of acute
dialog: depression recently. Apparently,
text: it's becoming noticeable. A number
dialog: of people have remarked on it. Anyway,
dialog: John Sundstrom thought it might be a
dialog: good idea if I spoke to you about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: EINHORN
dialog: Do you want to sit down, Herb?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: No. I'm not good at confessional.
dialog: (he ambles around)
dialog: Well, what can I tell you? The last
dialog: year, two, three... it goes way back,
dialog: I suppose. I can remember entertaining
dialog: suicidal thoughts as a college
dialog: student. At any rate, I've always
dialog: found life demanding. I'm an only
dialog: child of lower-middle-class people.
dialog: I was the glory of my parents. My
dialog: son the doctor. Well, you know. I
dialog: was always top of my class.
dialog: Scholarship to Harvard. The boy
dialog: genius, the brilliant eccentric.
text: Terrified of women, clumsy at sports.
dialog: God, Joe, how the hell do I go about
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: EINHORN
dialog: I understand you just separated from
dialog: your wife.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: I left her a dozen times. She left
dialog: me a dozen times. We stayed together
text: through a process of attrition.
text: Obviously sado-masochistic dependency.
dialog: My home is hell. We've got a twenty-
dialog: three-year-old boy I threw out of
text: the house last year. A shaggy-haired
dialog: Maoist. I don't know where he is,
text: presumably building bombs in basements
dialog: as an expression of his universal
dialog: brotherhood. I've got a seventeen-
dialog: year-old daughter who's had two
dialog: abortions in two years and got
dialog: arrested last week at a rock festival
text: for pushing drugs. They let her off.
dialog: The typical affluent American family.
dialog: I don't mean to be facile about this.
text: Indeed, he does not. He is horrified by the fact his eyes
text: are wet and he is verging on tears. He turns away quickly.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: I blame myself for those two useless
dialog: young people. I never exercised
dialog: parental authority. I'm no good at
dialog: that. Oh, God, I'm no good at this
dialog: either. Joe, let's just forget the
dialog: whole thing. I'm sorry I bothered
dialog: you.
text: He starts for the door.
speaker_heading: EINHORN
dialog: How serious are your suicidal
dialog: speculations, Herb?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (at the door)
dialog: I amuse myself with different ways
dialog: of killing myself that don't look
dialog: like suicide. I wouldn't want to do
dialog: my family out of the insurance.
speaker_heading: EINHORN
dialog: Digitalis will give you an arrhythmia.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: A good toxologist would find traces.
dialog: Potassium's much better. Sixty milli
dialog: equivalent. Instantaneous. Of course,
dialog: then you're stuck with how to get
dialog: rid of the hypodermic. Forty milli
dialog: equivalent. Gives you plenty of time
text: to dispose of the evidence.
speaker_heading: EINHORN
dialog: You seem to have given considerable
dialog: thought to the matter.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: You ought to know a man who talks
dialog: about it all the time never does it.
speaker_heading: EINHORN
dialog: I don't know. I see a man who's
text: exhausted, emotionally drained,
dialog: riddled with guilt, and has been
text: systematically stripping himself of
text: his wife, children, friends, isolating
dialog: himself from the world. Are you
dialog: impotent?
speaker_heading: BOCK
text: Intermittently.
speaker_heading: EINHORN
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: It means I haven't tried in so long,
dialog: I don't know. Let's just drop the
dialog: whole thing, Joe. I feel humiliated
dialog: and stupid. All I have to do is pull
dialog: myself together and get back into my
dialog: work. I'm sorry I troubled you. Take
dialog: care of yourself. I'll see you.
text: Before Einhorn can say a word, he slips away and disappears
text: into his own office.
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION. 8:30 A.M.
text: The score of protesters outside the pavilion still move in
text: an uneven ellipse and shout: "Two -- Four! Help the Poor!"
text: Ives, the bespectacled demonstrator who shouted at Sundstrom
text: earlier, is removing his sandwich boards and giving them to
text: his replacement. He hurries across the walk and into...
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, LOBBY
text: Ives cuts through the congestion of people and moves swiftly
text: up the long corridor leading to the Farkis Building,
text: unbuttoning his overcoat as he goes into...
scene_heading: THE FARKIS BUILDING, FIFTH FLOOR
text: ...and comes out, as the elevator opens. This is a laboratory
text: floor, and the corridors are empty except for a white-
text: uniformed orderly leaning against a wall and for one young
text: woman in a white smock in the background, who waves to the
text: young man before disappearing into one of the rooms. Ives
text: fishes out a ring of keys and unlocks the door to his own
text: lab. He enters into...
scene_heading: FARKIS BUILDING, NEPHROLOGY LAB
text: Dingy and cheerless place, as labs go. Ives hangs his coat
text: in the cupboard, loosens his tie, unbuttons his suit jacket,
text: squats on a stool, reaches over for a loose file on the work
text: table, opens the file and begins to read the papers inside.
text: A door CLICKS open behind him, and without looking up, he
text: waves briefly to whoever has entered. CAMERA DOLLIES to FULL
text: SHOT of Ives frowning over his notes. We are suddenly
text: conscious of a white-uniformed presence behind him. We know
text: it's medical personnel, but we can't see the face. Ives starts
text: to turn to the presence behind him, when suddenly a small
text: hospital sandbag is whipped down on his head, and he slumps
text: forward, his forehead thumping against the black surface of
text: the lab table.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: HOSPITAL. NOON
text: HIGH ANGLE SHOT establishing the passing of hours. Sun high
text: overhead, traffic on First Avenue an impenetrable river of
text: HONKS and HOOTS. At a crosswalk, a loose procession of fifty
text: or so shouting demonstrators, bearing placards, flows toward
text: the main gates. Their posters read: "FIGHT DOPE -- NOT DOPES!"
text: "DRUGS YES! TRANSPLANTS NO!" and "SAVE OUR KIDS FROM THE
text: SKIDS!" which is what they now chant: "Save our kids! From
text: the Skids!" The demonstration moves through a handful of
dialog: city cops where our original group of twenty still ramble
text: around, chanting: "Two -- Four! Help the Poor!"
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, EIGHTH FLOOR
text: The staff elevator doors open and Bock comes out, wearing
text: his long white doctor's coat unbuttoned. Hanging about the
text: Nurses' Station are Dr. Brubaker and a few young men in white.
text: They come quickly to respectful attention at Bock's entrance.
text: CLATTERING TRAYS dominate the lunchtime atmosphere.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: All set?
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: The doctors move off toward the solarium on the east corridor
text: overlooking the river. They pass a curious quartet of people
text: consisting of a very handsome YOUNG WOMAN in her late twenties
text: in an out-of-fashion miniskirt (She has great legs, long and
text: tanned.); an ELDERLY MAN, uncomfortable in city clothes and
text: unmistakably an INDIAN; a tall overcoated man in his forties
text: wearing a MINISTER's white collar; and a DISTINGUISHED MAN
text: dressed in fashionable gray who is trying to persuade the
text: young woman of something. The young woman and the Indian
text: stand absolutely still, silent, impassive. The minister is
text: more fidgety.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (to Brubaker en passant)
dialog: Who's that exotic group?
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: (murmurs)
dialog: You got me. They've been here about
dialog: an hour.
scene_heading: ONE YOUNG DOCTOR
dialog: I think they're with the old man in
dialog: Eight-O-Six.
text: Bock and Brubaker, trailed by young doctors, move into the
dialog: TV room.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Dr. Perry said he picked the
dialog: tuberculosis and the liver nodes for
dialog: today, right?
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Good. Because that's the one I studied
dialog: up. A hell of a case.
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR, TV ROOM
text: Some twenty-five or thirty young doctors, two or three of
text: them black, three or four of them women, fill the room. At
text: Bock's entrance, they find places around the walls, sofas,
text: soft chairs and benches. The TV set has been pushed into a
text: corner, and a large portable blackboard has been set up.
dialog: This is the Chief of Service Round, attended by every
text: available intern and resident. Somebody closes the door,
text: just as two young doctors come hurrying in.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: All right, who's presenting?
scene_heading: EMERGENCY AREA, WAITING ROOM
text: People of all ages sit around on aluminum chairs arranged
text: around the walls of the room. All are in streetclothes. Some
text: speak to each other. A line of people, extending into the
text: hallway and holding their charts, waits for a lady from the
dialog: accounting department taking Blue Cross numbers. This lady
text: from accounting is MRS. CUSHING, late forties, bespectacled
text: and testy. She calls out at large.
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: Is there anybody seated who hasn't
dialog: been to see me first? Is there anyone
dialog: here who hasn't given me their health
dialog: insurance number?
text: Her phone RINGS. She picks it up.
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: Emergency Room... Well, I don't know,
dialog: Sybil. What's his name?
text: To a man on line at her desk, thrusting his chart out to
dialog: her.
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: Would you wait a moment, please. I'm
dialog: on the phone, can't you see I'm on
dialog: the phone?
dialog: (rummaging through a
dialog: stack of charts,
text: large paper forms in
dialog: quadruplicate)
dialog: ...Of course not, do they ever?
dialog: (hangs up, takes two
text: charts from the desk,
dialog: pushes through the
dialog: waiting line)
dialog: Would you mind, please. I have to
dialog: get through, do you mind?
text: She makes her way to the door and goes out into...
scene_heading: EMERGENCY AREA, ENTRANCE LOBBY
text: ...which is congested. Mrs. Cushing enters...
scene_heading: EMERGENCY, ADMITTING AND TREATMENT ROOMS
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Give me that one again... thirty-
dialog: two?
text: Facing the desk are six curtained treatment rooms, mostly
text: open to view. Behind the desk are a supply room and another
text: treatment room. Both are occupied, the former by a PARANOID
text: LADY wringing her hands in a paranoid rush and listened to
text: by a very patient young intern.
speaker_heading: PARANOID LADY
dialog: They follow me everywhere. Three big
text: black men. Naked, completely exposed.
text: Right in the street. Hanging down to
text: their knees. Disgusting. They're
dialog: waiting out there for me now...
text: ...and in the other room, a man in his thirties is being
text: treated for some sort of head lacerations. In one treatment
text: room, the Chief of Emergency Service, DR. SPEZIO, a man in
text: his late thirties, along with an intern, an anesthesiologist
text: and a nurse, is bent over a naked and comatose young black
text: woman of eighteen, covered somewhat with a sheet. She's a
text: junkie, being intubated, i.e. a small endotracheal tube has
text: been inserted into her mouth. This is the most melodramatic
dialog: of the varied activity here.
text: A middle-aged man complaining of chest pains is lying clothed
text: in another treatment room; a nurse attends him.
text: An asthmatic middle-aged woman sits in still another room
text: being administered her 500 mg. of amenophylene subcutaneously.
text: The curtains on another room are drawn for privacy. On chairs
text: in the corner sit a teenage boy with a badly sprained ankle
text: and an elderly man bathing his hand in an enamel basin held
text: in his lap.
text: A young mother with a five-year-old daughter with a badly
text: cut arm is being attended to by the back wall. The Emergency
text: Room Nursing Supervisor, MISS ARONOVICI, a pretty woman in
text: her mid-twenties, is sterilizing the little girl's wound.
text: Mrs. Cushing makes her way to Miss Aronovici. They detest
dialog: each other.
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: Did you call upstairs and tell them
dialog: to admit a patient named Mitgang?
scene_heading: MRS. ARONOVICI
dialog: (continuing to treat
dialog: the little girl)
dialog: The concussion?
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: I don't know. They just called me.
dialog: They said you didn't fill out the
dialog: chart. And where do you come off
dialog: sending anyone up to Admitting without
dialog: my okay?
text: Miss Aronovici turns to Mrs. Cushing, regarding her sweetly.
scene_heading: MRS. ARONOVICI
dialog: Sally, would you get the fuck out of
dialog: here. The patient's in the Holding
dialog: Room. You want his Blue Cross number,
dialog: you go in and you get his Blue Cross
dialog: number.
text: Mrs. Cushing elbows back through the line of patients waiting
text: at the Admitting desk.
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: Do you mind, please...
text: There are now three nurses behind the desk, all of them on
text: phones. One nurse calls to Dr. Spezio.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: O.P.D. wants to know how that
dialog: asthmatic they sent down is.
speaker_heading: DR. SPEZIO
dialog: (just leaving the
dialog: group around the
dialog: junkie)
dialog: She's fine. We'd like to keep her
dialog: here a little while.
text: Spezio heads for the door where he is intercepted by Mrs.
dialog: Cushing.
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: May I see you a moment, Doctor, if
dialog: you don't mind.
speaker_heading: DR. SPEZIO
text: (sighs, calls back to
dialog: the triage nurse)
dialog: I'll be right back.
text: He goes out, followed by Mrs. Cushing, into...
scene_heading: EMERGENCY AREA, LOBBY
text: Spezio and Mrs. Cushing move between laundry and supply carts.
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: (thrusting some papers
dialog: at the doctor)
dialog: If you don't mind, Doctor, is this
dialog: your handwriting?
text: Spezio stops, sighs, examines the paper.
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: Am I supposed to read that? Was it a
dialog: sprain? Was it a broken wrist? I
dialog: can't read that scribbling. I mean,
dialog: I have to bill these people. I know
dialog: you doctors are the ministering
dialog: angels, and I'm just the bitch from
dialog: the Accounting Department, but I
dialog: have my job to do too. I mean, if
dialog: you don't mind, Doctor...?
speaker_heading: DR. SPEZIO
dialog: (studies the paper)
dialog: The kid had a collar fracture. We
dialog: had him in the O.R. We reduced it
dialog: and we gave him a small cast.
text: He strides off.
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: (calls after him)
dialog: But did you give him a sling? You
dialog: must have taken X-rays. How am I
dialog: supposed to make up the charges?
text: She turns into...
scene_heading: EMERGENCY AREA, HOLDING ROOM
dialog: Designed to hold patients who've been examined and wait to
dialog: be admitted to a room upstairs, it's in fact used for
text: examination, treatment, storage. The room is quiet. Two male
text: patients lie on comfortable stretchers, apparently sedated
text: and resting. Mrs. Cushing turns to the patient immediately
text: to her right as she enters. To the still figure she poses
dialog: her questions.
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: Are you Mitgang?
text: She gets no answer from that bed. From another direction, a
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: MITGANG
dialog: I'm Mitgang.
text: She turns to Mitgang. Something bothers her about the first
text: patient. She finds Mitgang's chart tucked in under his pillow,
text: takes out her pencil.
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: Do you carry Blue Cross, Blue Shield,
dialog: Mr. Mitgang, if you don't mind?
text: Mitgang, eyes closed, emits a sound.
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: Do you have your card with you?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Do you know your number?
text: Negative grunt from Mitgang.
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: Mr. Mitgang, you're not leaving this
dialog: room until I have this information.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: (enters for some chore)
dialog: Will you leave that man alone?
text: In a fit of temper, Mrs. Cushing throws the chart and her
text: pencil down on the floor.
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: (indicating the other
dialog: patient)
dialog: Do you mind if I at least ask this
dialog: gentleman to fill out his chart?
text: She pulls his chart from under his pillow, bends and retrieves
text: her pencil from the floor, straightens. She speaks to the
dialog: silent patient.
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: May I have your A.H.S. policy number,
dialog: sir?
text: No answer. CAMERA MOVES SLOWLY IN on the patient. We now
text: recognize him as the bespectacled young activist Dr. Ives,
text: so recently coshed over the head with a sandbag.
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: (looming)
dialog: Do you carry Blue Cross? Blue Shield?
text: Mrs. Cushing stares at the patient. He is not breathing.
text: Behind her, the nurse exits carrying whatever she came for.
text: Mrs. Cushing turns to her, but she is gone. Frowning, Mrs.
text: Cushing backs out...
text: ...as Dr. Spezio and others come down the corridor.
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: (as Spezio approaches,
dialog: with spiteful relish)
dialog: I think one of your patients in here
text: is dead, Dr. Spezio.
speaker_heading: DR. SPEZIO
dialog: (enters the Holding
dialog: Room)
dialog: Why do you say that, Mrs. Cushing?
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: Because he wouldn't give me his Blue
dialog: Cross number, Dr. Spezio.
speaker_heading: HOLDING ROOM
text: Spezio regards the death mask of a face.
speaker_heading: DR. SPEZIO
dialog: Oh, Christ.
text: He moves quickly forward to raise the dead man's eyelid.
text: Behind him, a nurse enters. He wheels on her angrily.
speaker_heading: DR. SPEZIO
dialog: How the hell long has this man been
dialog: lying here? Isn't this that doctor
dialog: who came in around nine o'clock?
scene_heading: MILTON MEAD'S OFFICE. 2:00 P.M.
text: MILTON MEAD, late thirties, lean, efficient but under constant
text: strain, is having his daily staff luncheon conference, which
text: consists of a CHIEF ENGINEER, the ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR OF
text: PERSONNEL, three residents in administration, including
text: Hitchcock, sandwiches and coffee.
speaker_heading: CHIEF ENGINEER
dialog: I mean, they gave me a hard time,
dialog: Con Ed. "For Pete's Sake," I said,
dialog: "this is a hospital. One of our
dialog: feedlines just blew..."
text: Mead's phone RINGS and he picks it up.
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: Yeah?
dialog: (it's another
dialog: annoyance; he sighs
dialog: with irritation)
speaker_heading: CHIEF ENGINEER
dialog: I mean, it's lucky we traced it in
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: No, I'll be right up.
dialog: (hangs up, stands)
dialog: Have we covered about everything?
scene_heading: ADMINISTRATIVE RESIDENT
dialog: Dr. Kish has been driving me nuts
dialog: with the O.R. schedule.
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: He's supposed to see me about that.
text: He moves across his office into...
scene_heading: MEAD'S SECRETARY'S OFFICE
text: Actually a communal office with desks for three secretaries.
speaker_heading: MEAD'S SECRETARY
dialog: (looks up to Mead
dialog: from talking on the
dialog: phone)
dialog: This is the Emergency Room. One of
dialog: the doctors just died of a heart
dialog: attack.
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: One of our staff?
speaker_heading: MEAD'S SECRETARY
dialog: I think so.
text: Mead frowns, leans back into his own office.
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: (to Hitchcock)
dialog: Tom, you want to go down to the
dialog: Emergency Room? One of our doctors
dialog: just died.
speaker_heading: HITCHCOCK
dialog: What? Another one?
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: Yeah, see what that's about.
dialog: (en passant to
dialog: secretary)
dialog: I'll be on Holly Eight. I'll be right
dialog: back.
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, EIGHTH FLOOR
text: The staff elevator door opens, and Milton Mead comes out. He
text: has apparently been buttonholed in the elevator by a woman
text: in a doctor's coat, DR. IMMELMAN, Pathology, who follows him
dialog: out...
speaker_heading: DR. IMMELMEN
dialog: It's no longer pilferage, Milton.
text: It's reached the point of piracy.
dialog: That's the third microscope this
dialog: month.
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: Why don't we get together on this
dialog: sometime this afternoon, Fran?
speaker_heading: DR. IMMELMAN
dialog: One o'clock?
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: One o'clock will be fine.
text: He turns left and heads for...
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, EIGHTH FLOOR, NURSES' STATION
text: ...where Head Nurse Donovan is bent over her paperwork. In
text: the background, we see normal morning hospital activity.
text: Nurse's Aid, SHARLENE STONE, takes towels into a room. R.N.
text: Felicia Chile comes out of another, bearing her enamel tray
dialog: of instruments.
text: Also in the background, the curious quartet from before --
text: the beautiful woman, the elderly Indian, the minister, Dr.
text: Sutcliffe. Mead hardly notices them as he makes for the desk.
scene_heading: MRS. DONOVAN
dialog: (without pausing or
dialog: looking up)
dialog: Your brother's in the room, Mr. Mead.
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: What room is it?
scene_heading: MRS. DONOVAN
dialog: Eight-O-Six.
text: Mead bobs his head thank you and heads for the west corridor.
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR, ROOM
text: As Milton Mead enters, his elder brother, WILLIAM MEAD, mid-
text: forties, a smaller and manifestly nervous man, is seated
text: sullenly puffing a cigar, fidgeting, still wearing his coat
text: and hat. He looks up briefly when Milton enters and avoids
text: his brother's eye. His wife, MARILYN, late thirties, is
text: standing in suppressed exasperation, staring out the window.
text: Out of respect for the COMATOSE PATIENT, the ensuing agitated
text: scene is held in whispers.
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: For heaven's sake, Willie, you're
dialog: going to be in the hospital for two
dialog: lousy days. What're you making such
dialog: a fuss about?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM MEAD
dialog: You're supposed to be such a big
dialog: wheel here.
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: There are no private rooms available.
dialog: If they brought in Jesus Christ fresh
dialog: off the cross, I couldn't get Him a
dialog: private room.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM MEAD
dialog: I'm not going to stay in a room with
dialog: a dying man...
speaker_heading: MARILYN MEAD
dialog: He's not dying. They'll screen him
dialog: off. You won't even know he's here.
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: If you want a private room, go on
dialog: home, and I'll call you the first
dialog: one that comes up. But you're the
dialog: one who phoned me in a panic, you're
dialog: going on a vacation. For heaven's
dialog: sake, Willie, they'll cut this polyp
dialog: out tomorrow morning. You'll be home
dialog: Thursday, you'll be in Miami Friday.
dialog: Marilyn, will you talk some sense
dialog: into this lunatic?
speaker_heading: MARILYN MEAD
dialog: Well, you said it, he's a lunatic.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM MEAD
dialog: Big wheel, can't even get me a private
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: I'll get you a tranquilizer...
text: He exits.
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR, TV ROOM
text: Bock -- excited, vivid, alive -- is in full flush with his
text: lecture. He moves around in front of the blackboard, chalk
text: in hand. The blackboard itself is scrawled with formulae and
text: diagrams. He is writing the words "full abdomen," as the
dialog: fifth in a list reading "(1) parexia, (2) hepatomegaly, (3)
text: splenomegaly, (4) episodes of arthralgia." The audience is
text: forty young doctors rapt with attention. There is a good
dialog: deal of note-taking.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: ...five, a full abdomen contrasted
dialog: to wasting elsewhere; six, ascites
dialog: with a protein content above four
dialog: grams; unexplained anemia, leukopenia,
text: unexplained elevation of the serum
dialog: gamma globulin level, especially
dialog: abnormal flocculation tests, and of
dialog: course, a positive P.P.D. All these
dialog: findings assume special significance
dialog: among Negroes. This has been a very
dialog: commendable workup, as commendable a
dialog: workup of an F.U.O. as I can remember.
dialog: The staff of this floor is to be
dialog: applauded.
dialog: (spots Brubaker among
dialog: the others)
dialog: It's a reportable case, Brubaker.
dialog: Write it up.
dialog: (a brief, rare smile)
dialog: Well, let's go have a look at the
dialog: girl.
text: He rumbles toward the door. The class of doctors dissolves
text: into hospital murmurs and mutters and a general dispersal.
text: They follow Bock out to...
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR, EAST CORRIDOR
text: ...where Dr. Sutfcliffe, the beautiful young woman, the
text: elderly Indian and the minister are engaged in agitated
text: discussion. The girl and the Indian retain their stoic
text: impassivity. Dr. Sutcliffe leaves them and moves down the
text: corridor to the counter of...
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR NURSES' STATION
speaker_heading: SUTCLIFFE
dialog: Nurse! Nurse, who's the Senior
dialog: Resident on this floor?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: That would be Dr. Brubaker. But I'm
dialog: afraid he's at Chief of Service rounds
dialog: right now.
text: Sutcliffe points off right.
speaker_heading: SUTCLIFFE
dialog: That's... this way?
text: The nurse nods indifferently.
text: ACROSS to Bock coming out of the TV room, followed by some
text: dozen young doctors. Bock is in very good spirits indeed. He
text: quizzes his young doctors en route:
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: I wonder if there might not be some
dialog: correlation between hepatic
dialog: tuberculosis and drug addiction.
dialog: Presumably, there was an early
dialog: consideration of S.B.E.
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: Yes, sir. We discounted it after
dialog: repeated blood cultures were negative.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: You, Ambler. Is that right, Ambler?
speaker_heading: AMBLER
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: What else do you look for in bacterial
dialog: endocarditis?
speaker_heading: AMBLER
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Some sort of embolic phenomena, sir.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: SUTCLIFFE
dialog: (flagging Brubaker)
dialog: Dr. Brubaker, I wonder if I could
dialog: see you for a moment?
text: Brubaker detaches himself from his group to join Sutcliffe.
text: CAMERA STAYS with Bock and his entourage, following them
text: down the east corridor, Bock still happily conducting class.
text: Bock strides into...
speaker_heading: ROOM 819
text: Past two beds, they group around the foot of a third bed on
text: the right side of the room. Bock checks the patient lying in
dialog: the bed.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Still a little icteric. Who's got an
dialog: opthalmoscope?
text: One of the young men hands his to Bock, who leans over the
dialog: patient to look through it.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Did anyone note Roth spots?
text: The doctors exchange a look as Bock rises, moves toward them,
text: laughing.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Well, don't worry about it. There
dialog: aren't any. Ambler, you're our big
dialog: man on S.B.E. What was the latex-
dialog: fixation?
speaker_heading: BIEGELMAN
dialog: It wasn't done, sir.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Don't you think that's an important
dialog: test to differentiate S.B.E. from
dialog: miliary T.B.?
speaker_heading: BIEGELMAN
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: No, s...
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Not you, Biegelman. Ambler.
speaker_heading: AMBLER
dialog: Well, there's about a seventy percent
dialog: incidence of false-positive latex in
dialog: S.B.E.
text: Bock hands the opthalmoscope to Ambler.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: You have been reading up. If the
dialog: diagnosis were S.B.E., would a
dialog: positive latex indicate anything in
dialog: the therapy?
speaker_heading: AMBLER
dialog: We'd expect the latex to become
dialog: negative.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: If...?
speaker_heading: AMBLER
dialog: If the antibiotic therapy were
dialog: successful.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Are you applying for your internship
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: AMBLER
dialog: I'm not sure.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Come and see me.
dialog: (to the patient,
dialog: helping her up)
dialog: Would you sit up for a minute?
text: Bock turns to the off-screen patient, helping her sit up and
text: forward, percussing her back as the students look on.
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR, EAST CORRIDOR
text: Brubaker and Sutcliffe are now both involved in discussion
text: with the woman, the Indian and the minister, as Bock drifts
text: through the background, followed by the band of young doctors
text: now dispersing. Bock crosses past the foreground group to
text: the staff elevator. He pushes the button. Brubaker approaches
text: Bock. They confer quietly in the hallway.
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: We've got a little thing over here,
text: Doctor. The girl over there is the
dialog: daughter of the patient in Eight-O-
text: Six. He is at the moment comatose
dialog: and requires intravenous feeding and
dialog: meds.
text: The elevator comes and goes, disgorging some, taking on
text: others. Bock, who greeted Brubaker with a rare, benign smile,
text: has begun to look a bit sodden. Poor Brubaker, aware of the
text: gathering storm in Bock's demeanor, sighs and continues
dialog: regardless.
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: The thing is, the daughter wants to
dialog: take the father out of the hospital
dialog: and back to Mexico where they live.
dialog: The patient's name is Drummond. He's
dialog: apparently a Methodist missionary,
dialog: and he and his daughter run some
dialog: kind of religious mission among the
dialog: Apache Indians. The daughter claims
dialog: to be a licensed nurse, so she can
dialog: give the necessary I.V. treatment. I
dialog: certainly don't think he should be
dialog: let out of this hospital. The
text: Attending -- he's the guy in gray
text: over there -- concurs.
text: Bock squints at Brubaker.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: All right, wait a minute. Let me
dialog: have all that again.
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: As a matter of fact, Doctor, this is
text: Dr. Biegelman's case.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Never mind the professional ethics,
dialog: what happened?
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: I don't know why I'm covering for
dialog: that sonofabitch in Farkis Pavilion
dialog: anyway.
dialog: (sighs and begins)
dialog: The patient, a man of fifty-six, was
dialog: admitted to the hospital ten days
dialog: ago for a check-up, in good health,
dialog: no visible distress. We did the
text: mandatory work-up on him. Blood
dialog: cultures, stool, L.E. preps, chest,
dialog: E.K.G., all negative. But there was
dialog: apparently some evidence of protein
dialog: in his urine. I don't know how that
dialog: sonofabitch in Farkis Pavilion ever
dialog: found out about it. Maybe he had
dialog: some kind of deal with one of the
dialog: girls in the lab. Anyway, he turned
dialog: up the next day, conned the patient
dialog: into signing an authorization for a
dialog: biopsy...
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: What sonofabitch in Farkis Pavilion?
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: Some post-grad fellow named Ives.
dialog: Elroy Ives. I never met him. He's on
dialog: one of the immunology research
dialog: programs.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Are you trying to tell me some post-
dialog: grad fellow came up here and did a
dialog: biopsy on the patient?
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
text: Yes, sir. He conned Biegelman with
dialog: that old story about...
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: ...protein in the urine?
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: And he biopsied the man?
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
text: And he nicked a vessel, and at two
dialog: o'clock in the morning, they woke up
dialog: Biegelman because the nurse found
text: the patient in shock. Biegelman called
dialog: the kidney people for a consult right
dialog: away. What was there to see? The man
dialog: was sour and bleeding. We spoke to
dialog: this fellow Sutcliffe, and he referred
dialog: us to a surgeon named Welbeck...
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Welbeck?! That barber!
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: You ain't heard nothing yet. So we
dialog: finally got Welbeck around four in
dialog: the morning. He said, go ahead. So
text: they laid on the surgery for eight.
text: Welbeck turns up, half-stoned, orders
text: an I.V.P., clears him for allergies...
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: ...without actually testing.
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: And the patient went into shock...
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: ...and tubular necrosis. They lopped
text: out the bleeding kidney, ran him
text: back to the room, and we sat around
dialog: waiting for three days to see how
text: obstructed he was. Fever began spiking
dialog: like hell, euremia, vomiting, so we
dialog: arranged hemodialysis. He's putting
dialog: out good water now. But some nurse
text: goofed on his last treatment. A leak
text: in the tube, something. His blood
dialog: pressure plunged. They ran him right
dialog: up to I.C.U., checked out vital signs,
text: all normal except he's comatose.
dialog: That was two days ago.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: In short, a man came into this
dialog: hospital in perfectly good health,
dialog: and, in the space of one week, we
text: chopped out one kidney, damaged the
dialog: other, reduced him to coma and damn
dialog: near killed him.
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: A great sad serenity has settled over Bock.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: You know, Brubaker, last night I sat
dialog: in my hotel room, reviewing the
dialog: shambles of my life and contemplating
dialog: suicide. Then I said "No, Bock, don't
dialog: do it. You're a doctor, a healer.
dialog: You're the Chief of Medicine at one
dialog: of the great hospitals of the world.
dialog: You're a necessary person. Your life
dialog: is meaningful." Then I came in this
dialog: morning and find out one of my doctors
text: was killed by a couple of nurses who
dialog: mistook him for a patient because he
dialog: screwed a technician from the
dialog: nephrology lab...
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: Hematology, sir.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: And now you come to me with this
dialog: gothic horror story in which the
dialog: entire machinery of modern medicine
dialog: has apparently conspired to destroy
dialog: one lousy patient. How am I to sustain
dialog: my feeling of meaningfulness in the
dialog: face of this? You know, Brubaker, if
dialog: there was an oven around, I'd stick
dialog: my head in it. What was the name of
dialog: that sonofabitch from Farkis Pavilion
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: Ives, sir. Elroy Ives. Somebody ought
dialog: to ream his ass.
text: The gathering storm erupts. Rage suffuses Bock's face. Out
dialog: of respect for the hospital corridor and the people working
text: around him and Brubaker, he keeps it glacial. But there is
text: no mistaking the volcanic fury he feels.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (barely containing
dialog: himself)
dialog: I'm going to ream his ass. And I'm
dialog: going to break that barber Welbeck's
dialog: back. I'm going to defrock those two
dialog: cannibals. They won't practice in my
dialog: hospital, I'll tell you that!
speaker_heading: BRUBAKER
dialog: What'll I tell the girl, sir? She
dialog: says we have no legal right to stop
dialog: her from taking her father out. She's
dialog: willing to sign an A.O.R. form.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Let him go. Before we kill him.
text: The elevator door opens. A couple of nurses come out. Bock
text: strides in.
scene_heading: SEVENTH FLOOR, DEPT. OF MEDICINE CORRIDOR
text: Bock advances in a cold fury down to his office. He wrenches
text: the door open.
scene_heading: BOCK'S OFFICE, OUTER OFFICE
text: Miss Lebow and Miss McGuire clatter away at typewriters.
text: Sitting on a chair in the crowded office is a senior staff
text: doctor, a man in his late forties, wearing a coat similar to
text: Bock's. He is DR. LAGERMAN. He looks up from the magazine
text: he's been leafing through as Bock storms in.
speaker_heading: DR. LAGERMAN
dialog: Hi, Herb...
text: Bock acknowledges him with a brusque nod, storms over to
dialog: Miss Lebow.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Get me Dr. Gilley. Put him on page
dialog: if you have to. I want to talk to
dialog: him right now. I don't care if he's
dialog: operating.
dialog: (wheels around to
dialog: Miss McGuire)
dialog: And you get me some monkey named
scene_heading: Ives. Ives. I-V-E-S, first name Elroy.
text: He's in the Farkis Pavilion.
speaker_heading: DR. LAGERMAN
dialog: Herb...
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: I want to talk to you, Joe. Would
dialog: you mind coming into my office?
text: He strides, followed by Dr. Lagerman, into...
scene_heading: BOCK'S PRIVATE OFFICE
text: ...and slams the door shut behind him.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Have you got some punk named Ives
dialog: rotating in your department?
speaker_heading: DR. LAGERMAN
dialog: Listen, Herb...
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (sits at his desk)
dialog: I also want to know what the hell
dialog: kind of a dialysis room you're
dialog: running. I just came from...
text: The phone RINGS. Bock seizes it.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Yeah... Gilley? Put him on. Bock.
dialog: Didn't you tell me a couple of months
dialog: ago you were going to cut off all
dialog: privileges for that assassin, Welbeck?
dialog: Yeah. Wellbeck. He just butchered
dialog: another one of my patients... Oh,
dialog: come on, Harry! The man's a buccaneer!
dialog: I want him brought before the Medical
dialog: Executive Committee... He's in your
dialog: department, Harry, not mine. He's
dialog: putatively a surgeon!... I'll be
dialog: here!
text: (slams receiver down,
dialog: stares at Lagerman)
dialog: Listen, Joe, I think you should know
dialog: that you've got a research guy in
dialog: your department named Ives who's
dialog: been doing some very dubious biopsies.
dialog: We're having enough trouble squeezing
dialog: grants out of the Nixon
dialog: administration...
speaker_heading: DR. LAGERMAN
dialog: Ives is dead, Herb. That's why I'm
dialog: here.
text: This gives Bock pause. He blinks at Lagerman.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: What do you mean, Ives is dead?
speaker_heading: DR. LAGERMAN
dialog: I mean he's dead. He had a heart
text: attack in the Emergency Room.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: He had a heart attack in the Emergency
dialog: Room?
speaker_heading: DR. LAGERMAN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (blinking)
dialog: What the hell is this? Some kind of
dialog: plague?
dialog: (stands)
dialog: Where is he now?
speaker_heading: DR. LAGERMAN
dialog: They were just taking him down to
dialog: Pathology.
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, FIRST FLOOR, PATHOLOGY DEPT
text: Bock, Lagerman and Hitchcock have gathered across the shrouded
text: figure of Dr. Ives on a stretcher. We are in the lab section
text: of Pathology; in the background, through the glass part of
text: the door separating the lab from the surgery room, we can
text: see the autopsy on Dr. Schaefer being performed.
text: Schaefer's naked white cadaver is stretched out on an
text: operating table. He has been opened up and all his vital
text: organs are being excised. It's bloody. The autopsy is being
text: performed by DR. BREWSTER, the Resident in Pathology, dressed
dialog: in surgical scrub.
speaker_heading: HITCHCOCK
dialog: ...and the next thing anybody knew,
text: about three hours later, Mrs. Cushing
dialog: from Accounting came in and said
dialog: there was a dead man in the Holding
dialog: Room.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: You don't find anything grotesque
dialog: about all this?
speaker_heading: HITCHCOCK
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: I mean, at half past eight this
text: morning, we meet over a doctor who's
dialog: been killed intravenously, and here
dialog: we are again, four hours later, with
text: another doctor who had a heart attack
text: in the Emergency Room.
speaker_heading: HITCHCOCK
dialog: Well, what're you suggesting Doctor?
dialog: Do you think we have a mad killer
dialog: stalking the halls of the hospital?
text: Presumably, Dr. Ives died of a heart
text: attack and Schaefer in a diabetic
dialog: coma. People do die of these things.
dialog: It's all perhaps coincidental, but I
dialog: don't think I'd call it grotesque.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: How long are they going to be on
dialog: Schaefer's post?
text: He knocks on the glass window of the door separating the
text: laboratory from the operating room. Dr. Brewster turns from
text: his gory chore. Bock makes a gesture saying, "How much
text: longer?" Brewster raises ten blood-drenched rubber-gloved
text: fingers. Bock turns and shuffles across the lab for the door
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (pauses at door, to
dialog: Lagerman)
dialog: I don't suppose you'd like to call
dialog: next of kin?
speaker_heading: DR. LAGERMAN
dialog: No thanks.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (deeply depressed)
dialog: Oh God, I need a drink.
text: He goes down...
scene_heading: THE PATHOLOGY CORRIDOR
text: ...and is soon lost in the normal traffic of the area.
scene_heading: THE HOSPITAL. NIGHT
text: CRASH of THUNDER. CRACKLE of LIGHTNING. A horror-film
text: rainstorm lashes the vast dark complex of buildings.
scene_heading: SEVENTH FLOOR, DEPT. OF MEDICINE CORRIDOR
text: Dark, empty, silent. One lonely light at the lobby end of
text: the long, closed corridor of offices. The door to Bock's
text: office stands ajar and issues a trace of light.
speaker_heading: BOCK'S OFFICE
text: ACROSS the silent, dark, typewriter-covered desks of the two
text: secretaries through the doorway to Bock's private office, we
text: can see Bock at his desk, lit by the desk lamp. He has a
text: bottle of booze on his desk. He gets up from his desk. He
dialog: has made a decision.
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, EIGHTH FLOOR
text: The corridors are silent; the night lights are on, subdued.
text: Head Evening Nurse Mrs. Dunne is back at her desk, hunched
text: over paperwork. Resident Brubaker passes by.
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR, PHARMACY
text: Nurse SHERLEE DEVINE, a black woman in her mid-twenties, has
text: a porcelain tray on the shelf onto which she puts a small
text: jar of alcohol, cotton swabs, a wrapped hypodermic needle
text: and syringe. She moves out into...
speaker_heading: NURSES' STATION
text: ...where Mrs. Dunne looks up as she passes.
speaker_heading: NURSE DEVINE
dialog: Mead.
text: Mrs. Dunne nods. Nurse Devine makes her way silently down
dialog: the sleeping doors to...
speaker_heading: ROOM 806
text: Dark, sleeping. The bathroom light is on, but only a thin
text: stream of yellow light trickles through the door. THUNDER
text: CRASHES. William Mead sleeps fitfully. The other patient is
text: entirely curtained off. Nurse Devine sets her tray on Mead's
text: bedtable, turns on the goose-neck lamp, keeping it from his
text: eyes. She unwraps the hypodermic syringe, sets in the needle,
text: draws the required dosage, reaches over and gently shakes
text: Mead by the shoulder.
speaker_heading: NURSE DEVINE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Mr. Mead... Mr. Mead, I have an
dialog: injection for you.
text: Mead sleeps on. Expressionlessly, Nurse Devine extracts Mead's
text: right arm from under the sheets, wets a swab with alcohol
text: and rubs down the vein. The needle slides into Mead's vein.
text: OVER THIS, we begin to hear a distant sibilant HISSING,
text: indistinct like the leakage of a bad heart. There is also an
text: occasional distinctly human but not quite civilized sound.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK SLOWLY to Nurse Devine withdrawing the
text: needle, looking up, for she too has heard the soft, strange
text: sounds. They emanate from behind the curtains of the other
text: bed. Nurse Devine returns the syringe to the tray, gathers
text: her things and pads silently around Mead's bed to Drummond's
text: bed. With her free hand, she opens the curtains a little and
text: stares in.
speaker_heading: NURSE DEVINE
dialog: What the hell is going on in there?
scene_heading: NURSE DEVINE'S P.O.V.: THE INDIAN AND BARBARA DRUMMOND BEND
text: OVER DRUMMOND PERFORMING SOME PAGAN RITUAL. THE HISSING IS
text: BARBARA'S CONTRIBUTION TO THE CEREMONY. (IT SOUNDS LIKE PIS-
text: PIS, AND IS IN FACT AN IMITATION OF THE NIGHTHAWK, MEANT TO
text: APPEASE THE SPIRIT OF THE THUNDER.)
text: The old Indian has stripped to the waist and marked his body
text: with smears of dye and tule pollen. He wears a ceremonial
text: hat, a sort of beaded beanie. He holds a small buckskin bag
text: of pollen in his cupped palms and is facing north, east,
text: south and west, offering the bag and prayers under his breath
text: as he does. A beaded amulet lies stretched across the white
text: sheet covering the comatose Drummond.
text: When Nurse Devine draws the curtains, Barbara frowns at Nurse
text: Devine, holds a cautioning finger to her lips and draws the
text: curtains closed again. Nurse Devine, carrying her porcelain
text: tray, exits.
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR, NURSES' STATION
text: Bock comes out of the elevator, jacketed now, fairly drunk
text: but holding it well.
text: He heads for the Nurses' Station as Nurse Devine comes down
text: the west corridor. Bock grunts at Mrs. Dunne and goes into...
speaker_heading: PHARMACY
text: ...where he quickly runs his finger along the second shelf
text: until he comes to the bottle of potassium which he filches
text: off the shelf and slips into his pocket. He rummages through
text: the drawers for a hypodermic syringe. Through the open
text: doorway, we see Nurse Devine making her way swiftly up to
text: Mrs. Dunne at the desk.
speaker_heading: NURSE DEVINE
dialog: Well, honey, we got a witch-doctor
dialog: in Eight-O-Six, and you better go in
dialog: there. You know that Indian that was
dialog: sitting in Eight-O-Six all night?
text: He's still there, and the girl's
dialog: there, and they're doing some voodoo
dialog: in there, and I ain't kidding.
text: Behind Mrs. Dunne, Bock appears in the doorway to the pharmacy
text: where he stands listening.
scene_heading: MRS. DUNNE
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: NURSE DEVINE
dialog: I mean that Indian's in there, half-
text: naked and going pis-pis-pis with a
dialog: little bag. You just better get in
dialog: there, Mrs. Dunne.
text: Mrs. Dunne, annoyed, gets up and heads for the west corridor,
text: followed by Nurse Devine and by an intrigued Dr. Bock at a
text: few paces behind.
speaker_heading: NURSE DEVINE
dialog: (to NURSE WEITZENBAUM,
text: coming out of another
dialog: room)
dialog: You want to see somethin', baby? You
dialog: jus' come here.
text: As the small procession bears down, Barbara Drummond slips
text: out of that room to intercept them.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (keeping her voice
dialog: low)
dialog: Look, it's a perfectly harmless
dialog: ceremony, nothing to get excited
dialog: about. It'll be over in a few minutes
dialog: anyway. Mr. Blacktree is a shaman
dialog: who gets his power from the thunder,
dialog: and it's imperative he conclude his
dialog: rituals while the storm is still
text: going on.
speaker_heading: NURSE DUNNE
dialog: Visiting hours were over at nine
dialog: o'clock, Miss.
text: Bock reaches for the door to the room.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: All that's going on in there, Doctor,
dialog: is a simple Apache prayer for my
dialog: father's recovery.
text: Bock makes a vague noise, neither contradicting her nor
text: assenting, and continues around her into...
speaker_heading: ROOM 806
text: As Bock slides in, a bit of the corridor light comes in with
text: him. The curtains have been left sufficiently open to reveal
text: Mr. Blacktree. He is still stripped to the waist and marked
text: with crosses of pollen. He extends two twigs to the four
text: directions after which he places the twigs carefully on the
text: white sheet covering Drummond in a pattern around the amulet
text: already there. Behind Bock, Mrs. Dunne can be seen peeking
text: in. The Indian is oblivious to both of them. Bock watches it
text: all with interest for a moment and then backs out into...
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR CORRIDOR
text: ...closing the door after him.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: The markings he's made on my father's
text: arms are from the pollen of the tule
dialog: plant. The twigs have no significance
dialog: other than they've been struck by
dialog: lightning and are consequently appeals
dialog: to the spirit of lightning. It's all
dialog: entirely harmless, a religious
dialog: ceremony, not a medical one.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: You don't seriously believe all that
dialog: mumbo-jumbo will cure him?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: On the other hand, it won't kill
dialog: him, Doctor.
text: They regard each other levelly.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (grunts)
dialog: Okay. Go ahead.
text: He wheels and clumps off for the stairway exit.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Thank you.
text: Nurse Weitzenbaum opens the door of the room and peeks in.
text: At the stairway exit, Bock pauses to look back at all the
text: women in front of Room 806.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Miss Drummond, are you still taking
dialog: your father out?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Yes. I still have to arrange an
dialog: ambulance service. Is there a phone
dialog: around I could use?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Use my office.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Thank you.
text: Bock exits. Barbara edges past Weitzenbaum, who is still
text: peeking into the room.
speaker_heading: ROOM 806
text: Barbara comes in, gathers her coat and purse from a chair
text: and moves to the Indian, now occupied with what seems to be
text: the rolling of a cigarette. The two exchange a brief dialogue
text: in Apache. The old Indian nods. Barbara turns and exits,
text: taking Nurse Weitzenbaum out with her and closing the door.
text: The room is dark and hushed again. Blacktree lights his
text: cigarette and "sends the smoke up," a ritual which consists
text: of puffing smoke to each of the four directions, muttering
dialog: in Apache "May all be well" after each puff.
text: CAMERA SLOWLY PANS to the other bed where William Mead sleeps
text: fitfully. The Apache words and pis-pis-pis penetrate Mead's
text: drugged sleep. He opens one eyelid and stares glazedly at
text: the dark air. The SOUNDS persist. Blacktree chooses this
text: moment to sidle out from behind the curtains and continue
text: his ritual in the less-confined space at the head of
text: Drummond's bed. It's quite a sight for a nervous, sedated
text: man to wake to. Thunder RUMBLES and the rain SLASHES and a
text: sudden, savage STREAK of lightning illuminates it all.
text: Mead figures it's all a bad dream and, after a moment of
text: dully regarding the odd spectacle, closes his one eye and
text: goes back to sleep.
scene_heading: BOCK'S OFFICE, OUTER OFFICE
text: Barbara Drummond comes in. Bock has apparently turned the
text: lights on for her, but Bock himself is not immediately
text: visible. She looks through the half-open door to Bock's
text: private office, and there he is, staring blankly at the
text: bottle. Barbara starts to say something, thinks better of
text: it, lays down her coat, and looking around, spots a Manhattan
text: classified directory which she hauls up from its shelf and
text: sets on Miss Lebow's desk. She sits, quickly flips through
dialog: the pages.
text: Barbara flips through the directory. Bock is partially visible
text: in the background at his desk. He sits soddenly. Barbara
text: finds what she wants, opens her purse and takes out two
text: airplane tickets. She dials. The CLICKING of the dial catches
text: Bock's ear. He looks up for a moment.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Hello. I'd like to arrange an
dialog: ambulance for one-thirty tomorrow
dialog: afternoon... Thank you...
text: REVERSE ACROSS Bock at his desk with Barbara partially visible
text: at Miss Lebow's desk. All he can see are her great long tanned
dialog: legs.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (in background on
dialog: phone)
dialog: ...Drummond, first name, Barbara.
dialog: I'll pay cash...
text: Bock stands a little unsteadily and moves around his desk to
dialog: get a better look at those legs.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: No, you're to pick up my father,
dialog: Drummond, Edward, at the Manhattan
dialog: Medical Center, Holly Pavilion, Room
text: Eight-O-Six. It's a stretcher case.
dialog: I presume you provide the stretcher.
text: She senses Bock watching her, turns, smiles. She's a very
text: beautiful girl. She returns to the phone.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: He's to be taken to American Airlines,
dialog: Yes... No... Kennedy Airport, Flight
dialog: Seven-Two-Nine to Yuma, Arizona.
dialog: I'll accompany the patient... Yes,
dialog: thank you.
text: She returns the receiver to its cradle. When she looks up
text: again, Bock is no longer there. She returns the flight tickets
text: to her purse, snaps it shut, stands and moves to the doorway,
text: enters a step into...
speaker_heading: BOCK'S OFFICE
text: Bock, back at his desk, looks up.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: You believe in witchcraft, Miss
dialog: Drummond?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I believe in everything, Doctor.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Like a drink?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Yes.
text: Bock drains his glass and pours her a hefty shot of bourbon.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (from the door suddenly)
dialog: My father, you should know, was a
dialog: very successful doctor in Boston, a
dialog: member of the Harvard Medical Faculty.
dialog: He was a widower, and I was his only
dialog: child. He was not an especially
text: religious man, a sober Methodist.
dialog: One evening, seven years ago, he
dialog: attended a Pentecostal meeting in
dialog: the commons rooms at Harvard and
text: suddenly found himself speaking in
dialog: tongues.
text: (she takes her drink
dialog: and crosses to the
dialog: sofa)
dialog: That is to say, he suddenly sank to
text: his knees at the back of the room
text: and began to talk fluently in a
dialog: language which no one had ever heard
dialog: before. This sort of thing happens
dialog: frequently at Pentecostal meetings,
dialog: and they began to happen regularly
dialog: to my father.
dialog: (she sits)
dialog: It was not unusual to walk into our
dialog: home and find my father sitting in
text: his office, utterly serene and happily
dialog: speaking to the air in this strange
dialog: foreign tongue. I was, at that time
dialog: twenty years old and having my
dialog: obligatory affair with a minority
dialog: group, in my case a Hopi Indian, a
dialog: post-graduate fellow at Harvard doing
dialog: his doctorate in the aboriginal
dialog: languages of the Southwest. One day,
dialog: I brought the Indian boy home just
text: as my father was sinking to his knees
text: in the entrance foyer in one of his
text: trances. The Indian wheeled in his
dialog: tracks and said, "Well, I'll be a
dialog: sonofabitch." You see, my father was
text: speaking an Apache dialect, an obscure
dialog: dialect at that, spoken only by a
text: ragged band of unreconstructed Indians
dialog: who had rejected the reservation and
dialog: were living in total isolation in
dialog: the Sierra Madre Mountains of northern
dialog: Mexico. Well! What do you say to
dialog: that, Dr. Bock?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (who has been staring
text: at her as if she
dialog: were insane)
dialog: What the hell am I supposed to say
dialog: to that, Miss Drummond?
text: Barbara throws back her head and roars with laughter.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: I'm sitting here boozing and, all of
dialog: a sudden, you start telling me some
dialog: demented story about your father's
dialog: religious conversion.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: No, no, you miss the point, Doctor.
dialog: Not my father's conversion -- mine.
dialog: You see, I had been hitting the acid
dialog: pretty regularly at that time. I had
dialog: achieved a few minor sensory
text: deformities, some suicidal despairs,
dialog: but nothing as wild as fluency in an
dialog: obscure Apache dialect. I mean, like
dialog: wow, man! I mean, here was living
dialog: afflatus right before my eyes! Within
dialog: a week, my father had closed his
dialog: Beacon Hill practice and set out to
dialog: start a mission in the Mexican
dialog: mountains. And I turned in my S.D.S.
dialog: card and my crash helmet and followed
dialog: him. It was a disaster, at least for
dialog: me. My father had received the
text: revelation, not I. He stood gaunt on
dialog: a mountain slope and preached the
text: apocalypse to solemnly amused Indians.
dialog: I masturbated a great deal. We lived
text: in a grass wickiup and ate raw rabbit
dialog: and crushed pion nuts. It was
dialog: hideous. Within two months, I was
text: back in Boston, a hollow shell and
text: dizzy with dengue, disenchanted with
dialog: everything. I turned to austerity,
dialog: combed my hair tight and entered
dialog: nursing school. I became haggard,
dialog: driven and had shamelessly incestuous
dialog: dreams about my father. I took up
dialog: with some of the senior staff at the
text: hospital. One of them, a portly
dialog: psychiatrist, explained I was
text: generated by an unresolved lust for
text: my father. I apparently cracked up.
dialog: One day, they found me walking to
text: work naked and screaming obscenities.
dialog: There was talk of institutionalizing
dialog: me, so I packed a bag and went back
dialog: to my father in the Sierra Madre
dialog: Mountains. I've been there ever since.
dialog: That's three years. My father is, of
text: course, mad as a hatter. I watch
dialog: over him and have been curiously
dialog: content. You see, Doctor, I believe
dialog: in everything.
text: She pauses, her story over. Throughout, Bock has been trying
text: to keep his glowering eye on the desktop. During her long
text: narrative, he once seized the bottle and took a swig. Mostly
text: he is finding the experience murkily sensual. His glance
text: keeps darting out from under his brows to surreptitiously
text: look at the beautiful long tanned legs; or, when she bends
text: for the drink she set on the floor, to peer down the flapping
text: open scalloped neck of her dress; she is bra-less.
text: She, on the other hand, has been crossing and uncrossing her
text: legs, bending, stretching, so that her short dress has ridden
text: up almost to her waist and is saved from utter exhibitionism
text: only by the darkness of the shadows. She seems unaffected by
text: Bock's voyeuristic interest in her, but she is surely not
text: unaware of it. It is hard to believe she is not courting his
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Now what was that all about, Miss
dialog: Drummond?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I thought I was obvious as hell. I'm
dialog: trying to tell you I have a thing
dialog: for middle-aged men.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: I admire your candor.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: You've been admiring a lot more than
dialog: that.
text: Bock looks up, and they suddenly find their eyes locked. The
text: dark, dense air in the room fairly steams with incipient
dialog: sexuality.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (looks down again)
dialog: You're wasting your time. I've been
text: impotent for years.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Rubbish.
text: With a crash of his fist on the desktop, Bock stands; he is
text: in a drunken rage.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (lurches about)
dialog: What the hell's wrong with being
dialog: impotent? My God, you kids are more
dialog: hung up on sex than the Victorians!
dialog: I've got a son, twenty-three. I threw
dialog: him out of the house last year.
dialog: Pietistic little humbug. He preached
dialog: universal love and despised everyone.
dialog: He had a blanket contempt for the
dialog: middle class, even its decencies. He
dialog: detested my mother because she had
dialog: petit bourgeois pride in her son the
dialog: doctor. I cannot tell you how
dialog: brutishly he ignored that rather
dialog: good old lady. When she died, he
dialog: didn't even come to the funeral. He
dialog: thought the chapel service an
dialog: hypocrisy. His generation didn't
dialog: live with lies, he told me. "Everybody
dialog: lives with lies," I said. I grabbed
text: him by his poncho, dragged him the
dialog: full length of our seven-room
text: despicably affluent middle-class
dialog: apartment and flung him out. I haven't
dialog: seen him since. But do you know what
text: he said to me as he stood there on
text: that landing on the verge of tears.
dialog: He shrieked at me: "You old fink!
dialog: You can't even get it up anymore!"
dialog: That was it, you see. That was his
dialog: real revolution. It wasn't racism
dialog: and the oppressed poor and the war
dialog: in Vietnam. The ultimate American
text: societal sickness was a limp dingus.
dialog: Hah!
text: (he lurches about,
dialog: laughing rustily)
dialog: My God, if there is a despised and
dialog: misunderstood minority in this
dialog: country, it's us poor impotent
dialog: bastards. Well, I'm impotent and
dialog: proud of it! Impotence is beautiful,
dialog: baby!
dialog: (he raises a militant
dialog: fist)
dialog: Power to the Impotent! Right on,
dialog: baby!
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Right on.
speaker_heading: BOCK
text: (stares drunkenly at
dialog: her)
dialog: When I say impotent, I don't mean
text: merely limp. Disagreeable as it may
dialog: be for a woman, a man may sometimes
dialog: lust for other things, something
dialog: less transient than an erection,
dialog: some sense of permanent worth. That's
dialog: what medicine was for me, my reason
dialog: for being. When I was thirty-four,
dialog: Miss Drummond, I presented a paper
dialog: before the annual convention of the
dialog: Society of Clinical Investigation
dialog: that pioneered the whole goddam field
dialog: of immunology. A breakthrough! I'm
dialog: in all the textbooks. I happen to be
dialog: an eminent man, Miss Drummond. And
dialog: you want to know something, Miss
dialog: Drummond? I don't give a goddam.
dialog: When I say I'm impotent, I mean I've
dialog: lost even my desire for work, which
dialog: is a hell of a lot more primal a
dialog: passion than sex. I've lost my raison
dialog: d'etre, my purpose, the only thing I
dialog: ever truly loved. It's all rubbish
dialog: anyway. Transplants, antibodies, we
dialog: manufacture genes, we can produce
dialog: birth ectogenetically, we can
dialog: practically clone people like carrots,
dialog: and half the kids in this ghetto
dialog: haven't even been inoculated for
dialog: polio! We have assembled the most
dialog: enormous medical establishment ever
dialog: conceived, and people are sicker
dialog: than ever! We cure nothing! We heal
dialog: nothing! The whole goddam wretched
text: world is strangulating in front of
dialog: our eyes! That's what I mean when I
dialog: say impotent! You don't know what
dialog: the hell I'm talking about, do you?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Of course, I do.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: I'm tired, I'm terribly tired, Miss
dialog: Drummond. And I hurt, and I've got
dialog: nothing going for me anymore. Can
dialog: you understand that?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Yes, of course.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Then can you understand that the
dialog: only admissable matter left is death?
text: He suspects he is going to cry and turns quickly away. He
text: sits heavily and fights his tears.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Sounds to me like a familiar case of
text: morbid menopause.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Oh Christ.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Well, it's hard for me to take your
dialog: despair very seriously, Doctor. You
dialog: obviously enjoy it so much.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Oh, bugger off. That's all I need
dialog: now, clinical insights. Some
dialog: cockamamie twenty-five-year-old...
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Twenty-seven.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: ...acidhead's going to reassure me
dialog: about menopause now. Look, I'd like
dialog: to be alone, so why don't you beat
dialog: it? Close the door and turn off the
dialog: lights on your way out.
text: They are both suddenly conscious of a third presence in the
text: room. They look to the door where Mr. Blacktree, fully clothed
text: again and carrying his coat, is standing in the doorway.
text: Barbara uncrosses her long legs and stands.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (crossing to the door)
dialog: Mr. Blacktree disapproves of my
dialog: miniskirt, but it was the only thing
dialog: I had to come to the city with. Back
dialog: at the tribe, I wear ankle-length
text: buckskin.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Swell. Just close the door and turn
text: off the lights.
text: Barbara regards his hunched form and, murmuring in Apache,
text: she exits, closing the door. In the subsequent hush, thunder
text: RUMBLES and CRASHES. Wind sweeps the rain against the window
text: panes.
text: The sounds go unheeded by Bock, still as marble. Slowly, he
text: raises his head and sighs and then fishes about in his jacket
text: pockets to bring out the bottle of potassium and syringe. He
text: takes off his jacket, rolling up his shirtsleeve, poking
text: about for the vein. He removes his trouser belt, which he
text: ties tightly about his upper arm for a tourniquet. Now, he
text: tears the wrapping of the syringe and fits the needle to it.
text: Fiddling about in the pockets of his jacket, he finally finds
text: a crumpled pack of cigarettes. He lights one and returns to
text: the business of killing himself, puffing expressionlessly as
text: he does. Thunder RUMBLES and rain SLASHES. He carefully draws
dialog: just the right amount of potassium from the bottle to the
text: syringe, peering at the procedure against the light of his
text: desk lamp. He sets the cigarette on the ashtray, switches
text: the hypodermic to his right hand, holds his left arm rigidly
text: out under the light of the lamp...
speaker_heading: BARBARA'S VOICE
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: What're you shooting, Doc?
text: He turns slowly to the doorway, his bare left arm still
text: rigidly extended, the belt dangling, the hypodermic clenched
text: in his other hand. Barbara is perfectly framed in the doorway.
text: He stares at her, slowly suffusing with the numb, blind,
text: total rage of the aborted suicide. The thunder CRASHES.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (barely gets the words
dialog: out)
dialog: Leave me alone...
text: She approaches the desk affably, turns the potassium around
text: to read the label.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Potassium. You take enough of this
dialog: stuff, it'll kill you, Doc.
dialog: (moves toward the
dialog: couch)
dialog: It occurred to me that I might have
dialog: read you wrong, that you really were
dialog: suicidal. So I came back.
text: Bock's rage erupts. He crashes the hypodermic syringe down,
text: shattering it. The potassium puddles on the wood.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (hysterical rage)
dialog: Who the hell asked you!
text: He moves around the desk, a shambling bear of a man, a leather
text: belt dangling dementedly from his arm, tears coursing down
text: his cheeks. He advances on her in a stuperous shuffle.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Who the hell asked you!
text: She regards his lumbering approach with a faint, grotesquely
text: sensual smile. He reaches with his naked left arm to the
text: neck of her dress and, with one savage wrench, rips her stark
text: naked, sobbing through hysterical tears.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Leave me alone! Why the hell don't
dialog: you leave me alone!
text: He is on her, crushing her down into the shadows of the couch,
text: ravenous at her neck and shoulders in a brutish assault,
text: sobbing.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Why didn't you let me do it? Who the
dialog: hell asked you!
text: Throughout the scene, CAMERA MOVES SLOWLY IN through the
text: flesh and fury to an INTENSE TWO-SHOT of this terrified act
text: of love. Then slowly over Bock's plunging shoulder to the
text: woman's face. She gasps at the moment of penetration, then
text: her lovely face slowly shapes into smiling serenity. Bock
text: sobs; even in the shadows we can see the path of the tears
text: on his cheek.
scene_heading: ABRUPT SILENCE.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE HOSPITAL, NIGHT. 4:00 A.M.
text: The quiet, black streets glisten wetly in the puddles of
text: lamplight.
scene_heading: THE STEINMETZ PAVILION, TENTH FLOOR
text: The night shift is finishing up. THERESA CAMPANELLA, R.N., a
text: high-strung girl in her early twenties, stands at a water
text: tap holding a glass and popping some pills in her mouth. To
dialog: the room:
speaker_heading: CAMPANELLA
dialog: Well, I'll see you.
scene_heading: TENTH FLOOR CORRIDOR. NIGHT
text: Campanella comes out of the Dialysis room, puts on her coat
dialog: and walks to...
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION LOBBY. NIGHT
text: Campanella moves down the empty corridor. All the doors are
text: closed now; only the overhead light in the background of the
text: corridor glows weakly. Campanella puts a cigarette in her
text: mouth, pauses to look for matches; she hasn't any. Scowling
text: with annoyance, she continues to the lobby and stops by a
text: partially visible white-jacketed figure reading a newspaper.
speaker_heading: CAMPANELLA
dialog: Do you have a match, Doctor?
text: She takes the matches, lights her cigarette, inhaling deeply,
text: when he suddenly sandbags her from behind. She goes down.
scene_heading: BOCK'S OFFICE. DAYBREAK, WEDNESDAY
text: Covered by Bock's overcoat, Barbara tosses and turns on the
text: couch in a small nightmare. Through the windows comes the
text: first gray wash of dawn. FULL SHOT of Barbara, awake and up
text: on one elbow on the verge of a scream. She looks around the
text: room. It is dark, empty, silent.
text: ACROSS Barbara looking through the door to the secretarial
text: office. It is likewise dark, but suddenly the lights go on
text: and, a moment later, Bock enters. He holds a container of
text: coffee in each hand and has something white draped over his
text: forearm. From under Bock's bulky coat, Barbara watches him
text: lumber to his desk, where he sets the containers of coffee
text: down. He drops the whitish garment over the back of a chair
text: and then sits. He hoists a bulging folder of correspondence
text: from his filing tray and hunches to work, reading. After a
text: moment, he regards the silent figure on the couch across the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: You wouldn't be awake.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: What time is it?
text: He rises, picks up the second container and white dress from
text: the chair. She reaches out an arm for the coffee. Bock holds
text: up -- a nurse's uniform.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: I swiped this for you out of the
dialog: nurses' locker room. I'll make good
dialog: on your dress. I'm afraid it's torn
dialog: beyond repair. Buy yourself a new
dialog: one or, if you like, give me your
dialog: size and I'll send it on to you. But
dialog: I want to talk to you about that.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Talk to me about what?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: About your father. You really
dialog: shouldn't move him in his condition.
dialog: I just had a look at his chart.
dialog: There's no reason to presume brain
dialog: damage. You know as well as I you
dialog: can't predict anything in these
dialog: instances. He could pull out of that
dialog: coma at any time. I think you should
dialog: let him stay here. I'll personally
dialog: look after him.
text: He has perched on the edge of the couch, and she rests her
text: cheek against the long, bent curve of his back, smiling.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Is this your way of saying you'd
dialog: like me to stay in town a few more
dialog: days?
text: He turns to look at her, smiles back.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Well, that would be nice, too.
text: She sips her coffee.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: What do you say, Miss Drummond?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I expect you can call me Barbara,
dialog: considering you ravished me three
dialog: times last night.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Three times?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Oh, look at him, pretending he didn't
dialog: count. You were as puffed up as a
text: toad about it. Punched a couple of
dialog: holes in your crusade for universal
dialog: impotence, didn't it? I think we're
dialog: on a first name basis by now. I'll
dialog: call you Herb.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Let's give your father a week,
dialog: Barbara, what do you say?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
text: (a frown darkens her
dialog: face)
dialog: No, I don't want my father in this
dialog: hospital. I had a dream about this
dialog: hospital.
dialog: (some of the terror
text: shows on her face)
dialog: I dreamt this enormous starched white
text: tile building suddenly erupted like
text: a volcano, and all the patients,
dialog: doctors, nurses, attendants,
dialog: orderlies, the whole line staff, the
dialog: food service people, the aged, the
dialog: lame -- and you right in the middle --
dialog: were stampeding in one hideous
text: screaming suicidal mass into the
dialog: sea.
text: (she stares at him
text: wide-eyed, reliving
dialog: the dream)
dialog: I'm taking my father out of here --
dialog: and as quickly as I can.
text: They stare at each other, she in terror, he with affection.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: You're a real fruitcake, you know?
text: She sets her coffee down on the couch and decides to wear
text: Bock's overcoat rather than use it as a cover. She searches
text: for the sleeves. Bock assists her.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Well, let me put it this way. I love
dialog: you. I fancied you from the first
dialog: moment you came lumbering down that
dialog: hallway upstairs. I said to Mr.
dialog: Blacktree, "Who's that hulking bear
dialog: of a man?" The Apaches are reverential
dialog: about bears. They won't eat bear
dialog: meat; they never skin bears. Bear is
dialog: thought of as both benign and evil,
dialog: but very strong power. Men with bear
dialog: power are highly respected and are
dialog: frequently said to be great healers.
text: By now she's standing, the overcoat reaching her toes. She
text: looks down at Bock perched on the couch.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I said to Mr. Blacktree, "That man
dialog: gets his power from the bear."
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Swell. Now, look, do you have a hotel,
dialog: some sort of accommodations where
dialog: you can stay for a week or so?
text: Barbara reaches for her coffee, sips, moves around in her
text: tent of a coat.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: All right, let me put it this way,
dialog: Herb. My father and I accept the
dialog: implacability of death. If he dies,
dialog: he dies, but I'm taking him out of
dialog: here and back to Mexico about one
dialog: o'clock this afternoon. I want you
dialog: to come with us, because I love you
dialog: and want children.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: I'm afraid Mexico sounds a little
dialog: too remote for me.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: We could use you down there, you
dialog: know. There's a curiously high
dialog: incidence of T.B. And you'd be a
dialog: doctor again, Herb. You'd be necessary
dialog: again. If you love me, I don't see
dialog: what other choice you have.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: What do you mean, if I love you? I
dialog: raped you in a suicidal rage. How
dialog: did we get to love and children all
dialog: of a sudden?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Oh, for heaven's sake, Herb, I ought
dialog: to know if a man loves me or not.
dialog: You must have told me half a hundred
dialog: times last night you loved me. You
dialog: murmured it, shouted it; one time,
dialog: you opened the window and bellowed
text: it out into the street.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: I think those were more expressions
dialog: of gratitude than love.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Gratitude for what?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Well, my God, for resurrecting
dialog: feelings of life in me I thought
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Well, my God, what do you think love
dialog: is?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Okay, I love you, and you love me.
dialog: I'm not about to argue with so
dialog: relentless a romantic. Well, then,
dialog: since we have this great passion
dialog: going for us, I don't see why you
dialog: won't stay on here in New York for a
dialog: week or ten days...
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: It's up to ten days now.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: As long as it takes for your father's
dialog: condition to improve.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: No. I've had these prophetic dreams
text: for seven nights. Seven is a sinister
dialog: number. The meaning of these dreams
text: is very clear, seven times as clear.
dialog: I am to get my father and you out of
dialog: this hospital before we are all
dialog: destroyed.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (throws up his hands)
dialog: You're certifiable! My God, half the
dialog: time you're a perfectly intelligent
dialog: young woman, and then suddenly you
dialog: turn into a goddam cabalist who
dialog: believes in dreams, witchcraft and
dialog: bear power! And I don't like the way
dialog: you dismiss my whole life as
dialog: unnecessary. I do a lot of healing
dialog: right here in Manhattan. I don't
dialog: have to go to Mexico for it. I also
dialog: teach. I send out eighty doctors a
dialog: year into the world, sometimes
dialog: inspirited, at least competent. I've
dialog: built up one of the best damned
dialog: departments of medicine in the world.
dialog: We've got a hell of a heart unit
dialog: here and a hell of a kidney group. A
dialog: lot of people come into this hospital
dialog: in big trouble, Miss Drummond, and
dialog: go out better for the experience. So
dialog: don't tell me how unnecessary I am.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (who's been slipping
text: into the nurse's
dialog: uniform)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: So how come, eight hours ago, you
dialog: were trying to kill yourself with an
dialog: overdose of potassium?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Where are you going now?
text: This last in reference to Barbara crossing to the secretaries'
text: office, zippering her uniform.
scene_heading: BOCK'S SECRETARIES' OFFICE
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (gathering her coat
dialog: and purse)
dialog: My hotel. I have to check out. Mr.
dialog: Blacktree doesn't speak any English.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (from the connecting
dialog: doorway)
dialog: Well, you're coming back, of course.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Of course. I have to settle the bill
dialog: here and pack my father. And I think
dialog: you need a few hours alone to make
dialog: your decisions.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: What decisions?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: You're a very tired and very damaged
dialog: man. You've had a hideous marriage
dialog: and I assume a few tacky affairs
dialog: along the way. You're understandably
text: reluctant to get involved again.
dialog: And, on top of that, here I am with
dialog: the preposterous idea you throw
dialog: everything up and go off with me to
text: some barren mountains of Mexico. It
dialog: sounds utterly mad, I know. On the
dialog: other hand, you obviously find this
dialog: world as desolate as I do. You did
dialog: try to kill yourself last night. So
dialog: that's it, Herb. Either me and the
dialog: mountains or the bottle of potassium.
dialog: I'll be back in an hour or so. I'll
dialog: be in my father's room.
text: She slips into her coat and exits, as Bock looks after her
text: thoughtfully, then turns back to his own office.
speaker_heading: BOCK'S OFFICE
text: He shuffles around distractedly, not knowing how to articulate
text: the exuberance he feels. Suddenly, he opens the window, leans
text: out and bellows to the empty air.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: All right. I love you!
dialog: (softly)
dialog: My God!
scene_heading: FIRST AVENUE, CONSTRUCTION AREA. DAWN
text: A construction sign fills the screen. It reads ON THIS
scene_heading: LOCATION, THE NEW YORK MEDICAL UNIVERSITY CENTER WILL BUILD
text: A DRUG REHABILITATION COMMUNITY CENTER, TO BE COMPLETED IN
scene_heading: 1973. E.F. SCHLAGER &amp; CO., CONTRACTORS. Suddenly, the sign
text: comes crashing down into CAMERA. It has been wrenched off
text: the wooden fence protecting the row of tenements and
text: brownstones being demolished. About a dozen young and loud
text: militants have torn it down.
text: CAMERA PANS to show the row of houses behind the fence, two
text: of which have already been reduced to rubble; the others
text: have been boarded up. The demolition generators and cranes
text: are parked silently along the curb. In the dark of 5:00 A.M.,
text: three black families, carrying children, and children carrying
text: household effects, mattresses, pots, pans, bags of groceries,
text: etc., are repossessing the condemned buildings.
scene_heading: FIRST AVENUE, CONSTRUCTION AREA. DAY, 10:00 A.M.
text: Strong sun overhead. The street has been roped off, and police
text: are all over the place. A sparse crowd of a hundred or so
text: throng the sidestreets off First Avenue. Signs read, "People
text: S, Doctors No." A Channel 11 mobile news crew, newspaper
text: photographers, and a radio newscaster are recording the
text: situation with desultory interest.
text: A POLICE CAPTAIN stands in the middle of the cordoned street,
text: bullhorning the occupiers of the condemned brownstones, who
text: can be seen through the broken windows.
speaker_heading: POLICE CAPTAIN
dialog: I repeat. I'm asking you to come out
text: peacefully. These buildings are
dialog: condemned and unfit for habitation.
text: A piece of brick arches down from the roof of a building and
text: cracks the street a few feet from the Captain.
speaker_heading: POLICE CAPTAIN
dialog: (sighs, tries again)
dialog: You people are possessing this
dialog: building illegally and in violation
dialog: of the law. I'm asking you to come
dialog: out peacefully...
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, ENTRANCE LOBBY. DAY
text: A small press conference is going on in a corner of the lobby.
text: Reporters cluster, and TV cameras surround the Press
text: Representative of the Hospital, a young woman in her thirties
text: named EVELYN BASSEY, who is trying to read a statement,
text: squinting under her mod glasses at the blaze of lights set
text: up by the camera crews.
scene_heading: MRS. BASSEY
dialog: (reading)
dialog: ...complete sympathy with the tenants.
dialog: So the hospital has assumed the
dialog: responsibility of finding 400 housing
text: units in good buildings. The hospital
dialog: wishes to point out that this
text: particular row of buildings on First
dialog: Avenue was condemned by the City
dialog: before the hospital acquired
dialog: ownership, and even then, only after
dialog: responsible leaders in the community
dialog: had approved the building of our new
dialog: drug rehabilitation center.
scene_heading: SUNDSTROM'S OFFICE
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: (explodes on the phone)
dialog: Goddammit, Barry, I've got a dozen
dialog: community leaders waiting for me in
dialog: the library! We've been trying to
dialog: work out some kind of negotiable
dialog: formula for two years! And with no
dialog: help from you people in the Urban
dialog: Affairs Division, I might add!
text: DR. WELBECK appears in the doorway. He's in his fifties,
text: gray, distinguished and very tanned with terribly, terribly
text: kindly old country doctor eyes. He wears a camel hair topcoat.
text: He smiles benignly and twinkles at Sundstrom from one of the
text: leather chairs across the desk from the Director.
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: (hardly notices Welbeck)
dialog: And I'm not going to throw all that
dialog: down the drain because some cockamamie
text: activist group is show-boating for
dialog: the television cameras! You get those
dialog: people out of those buildings before
text: a wall collapses or a fire breaks
dialog: out and we've got a riot on our
dialog: hands!... Okay!
text: He hangs up, sighs, turns to the man across the desk.
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: (smiles, twinkles)
dialog: Having your troubles, eh? Well, I
dialog: won't take much of your time. My
dialog: name's Welbeck. I've been associated
dialog: with this hospital for six years,
dialog: and, yesterday afternoon, Dr. Gilley
dialog: called me to say he was cutting off
dialog: my privileges at the hospital. Do
dialog: you know anything about it?
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
text: (glances at his watch)
dialog: It's news to me.
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: He said he sent the report on.
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: I'll probably get it tomorrow. Report
dialog: on what?
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: Well, I'm not sure myself. I did a
dialog: nephrectomy on a man about seven
dialog: days ago. Emergency, called in at
text: four in the morning. The man was
dialog: hemorrhaging, he'd gone sour...
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: Welbeck, I'm terribly sorry, but I
dialog: do have this meeting.
dialog: (crosses to the door)
dialog: In any event, there's nothing I can
dialog: do about it. If Gilley wants to cut
dialog: your privileges, he's Chief of
dialog: Surgery, it's within his province.
dialog: You'll have to have the hearing...
text: He exits, followed by Welbeck into the...
scene_heading: DIRECTOR'S SUITE, SECRETARIES' OFFICES
text: Buzzing now. Typewriters clicking. Phones ringing.
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: I have a laparotomy laid on for this
dialog: morning. I assume I'll be allowed to
dialog: go through with that.
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: (huffing a little)
dialog: I've been associated with this
dialog: hospital for six years...
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: Now, now, Welbeck. It seems to me
dialog: I've had your name down here before
dialog: for something...
dialog: (to his secretary en
dialog: passant)
dialog: I'll be in the staff room.
text: He and Welbeck pass out into the...
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE CORRIDOR
text: Flowing with a normal stream of traffic, Sundstrom and Welbeck
text: turn right and head down to the last room of the corridor.
text: Something comes to him, and Sundstrom pauses.
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: Wait a minute. You're the fellow
dialog: with the Medicaid collecting business
dialog: who incorporated and went public,
dialog: right? I mean, something like that?
dialog: Milton Mead was telling me about you
dialog: just the other day. You're a whole
dialog: medical conglomerate. You've got a
text: Factoring service, a computerized
dialog: billing company, and a few proprietary
dialog: hospitals, a few nursing homes. Good
dialog: heavens, Welbeck, you shouldn't be
dialog: brought up before a committee of
dialog: mere doctors. You should be
dialog: investigated by the Securities and
dialog: Exchange Commission. You'll have to
dialog: go through with the hearing, Welbeck.
dialog: I don't interfere in these things.
text: He opens the door of the staff room and strides in. Even
text: before he enters, we get a blast of angry voices, both male
text: and female. For the moment the door is ajar, we see a harried
text: Milton Mead being assailed by angry blacks and Puerto Ricans
dialog: and young white activist doctors.
speaker_heading: HOSPITAL LIBRARY
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: (all overlapping)
dialog: ...no goddam halfway house, no way,
dialog: baby! We ain't gonna wait 'til 1973
dialog: to deal with this problem! We want
dialog: to kill the drug thing right now!...
dialog: imperializing the Blackaporican
dialog: community, and we reject the bourgie-
dialog: ass middle-class black traitors and
dialog: flunkies who are selling out the
dialog: Blackaporican proletariat masses to
dialog: the expansionist, racist policies of
dialog: this shit hospital!...
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Let's get back to the abortion issue!
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Sit down, Woman!
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: What the hell does the male
dialog: establishment know about abortions?
text: There's an agitated reaction in the crowd.
speaker_heading: BLACK WOMAN
dialog: Who the hell raised the issue of
dialog: birth control? The issue at hand is
dialog: the control of drug addiction in
dialog: this community and in the ghetto
dialog: generally.
text: A black man jumps up and points off right.
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: We don't want no goddam abortion...
text: A white doctor jumps in from the left.
speaker_heading: WHITE DOCTOR
dialog: Let's... let's get down to the core
dialog: of this matter.
text: More murmuring. A Che Guevara -- styled revolutionary moves
text: toward Mead and Sundstrom at the table.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: The point is that this hospital is
dialog: the landlord for those buildings and
dialog: they should've turned them down.
text: Angrily, he leans over the table facing Sundstrom.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Those buildings are imperialistic
dialog: extensions of the medical
dialog: establishment. This hospital ought
dialog: to be rebuilding those tenements,
dialog: give those people decent housing.
text: Sundstrom raises his hands for quiet and starts to rise. The
text: hostile din has gotten to him.
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: Please, please, please!
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, ROOM
text: William Mead is transferred from his bed to a rolling
text: stretcher by an orderly in shirt and trousers and by Nurse
text: Felicia Chile. Nurse Chile tucks Mead in. He opens his eyes
text: to look at her drowsily.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM MEAD
dialog: (under sedation)
dialog: You know, I hallucinated last night.
dialog: I hallucinated there was an Indian
dialog: doing a war dance in here.
speaker_heading: NURSE CHILE
dialog: (affably)
dialog: You weren't hallucinating, Mr. Mead.
dialog: There was an Indian in here last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM MEAD
text: (staring through his
dialog: sedation at her)
dialog: There was?
text: They wheel him out into...
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, SURGICAL AREA CORRIDOR
text: Mead is wheeled down the corridor by the orderly. At the far
text: end, an anesthetized patient, blue in the harsh light, fresh
text: from surgery, is being wheeled into a recovery room.
text: Surgery is busy and efficient but not as clinically tidy as
dialog: we'd like. Linens and equipment and surgical gear are piled
text: into corners or on empty stretchers. Green-uniformed nurses,
text: doctors and orderlies go in and out of the many doors flanking
text: the corridor. This is the non-sterilized area, where doctors
text: and nurses confer in the corridors; three black orderlies
text: await an assignment, sit on stretchers, chuckle, mutter.
text: Phones can be heard RINGING. The orderly wheeling Mead turns
dialog: left into the...
scene_heading: SURGICAL AREA, CENTRAL PLAZA
text: ...a small, cluttered central area with the office of the
text: Operating Room Nursing Supervisor on the right and the Holding
text: (for Anesthesia) Room on the left. The O.R. is like the
text: Emergency Ward, desperately busy but staffed by people grown
text: so accustomed to it that they display a calm, almost casual
text: but febrile efficiency. A large blackboard faces the
dialog: Supervisor's Office with the day's schedule of operations
text: neatly chalked in. It is full. A middle-aged surgeon, still
text: in his overcoat, is studying the schedule.
text: A green-uniformed NURSE swings through the glass doors from
text: the Operating Room area to lean into the Supervisor's Office.
speaker_heading: NURSE
text: Dr. Norris says about half an hour.
speaker_heading: SECOND NURSE
dialog: Tell Shirley it was just an ovarian
dialog: cyst.
text: The THIRD NURSE leans back into the Supervisor's Office to
dialog: relay this information.
speaker_heading: THIRD NURSE
dialog: Shirley, it was just an ovarian cyst!
dialog: This is apparently good news, for we hear someone saying
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: Oh, thank God.
text: An orderly rumbles by with an E.K.G. machine. O.R. Nursing
text: Supervisor DOROTHY KIMBALL, a pleasant lady in her late
text: thirties, leans out of her office to speak to one of the
text: lounging orderlies.
scene_heading: MRS. KIMBALL
dialog: (handing the orderly
dialog: a slip)
dialog: All right, Jerry, go up to Holly
dialog: Six.
text: The orderly detaches himself from his cronies and exits. It
text: is into this atmosphere of subdued febrility that William
text: Mead is wheeled.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: (to Mrs. Kimball)
dialog: William Mead from Holly Eight.
scene_heading: MRS. KIMBALL
dialog: Hold him there, Tom. We've got
text: somebody coming out right now.
text: Indeed, a stretcher is being wheeled out of the Holding Room.
text: The patient is sedated and covered. As the orderly wheels
text: her past CAMERA, we may recognize the pale, sleeping profile
text: of Miss Campanella, the nurse who had been coshed with a
text: sandbag not many scenes ago. A CIRCULATING NURSE comes through
text: the glass doors, examines the chart dangling from the
dialog: stretcher.
scene_heading: MRS. KIMBALL
dialog: (to this nurse)
dialog: Who's that? Mangafranni?
scene_heading: CIRCULATING NURSE
dialog: (checking wristband)
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (to orderly)
dialog: Number three, Marty.
text: The orderly wheels the silent Miss Campanella off to Operating
text: Room Three, as Dr. Welbeck, in his natty blue suit, carrying
text: his camel coat, turns in from the outer corridor and examines
text: the blackboard. He goes back to...
speaker_heading: OUTER CORRIDOR
text: ...Welbeck crosses, opens a door and enters...
scene_heading: SURGEONS' LOCKER ROOM
text: All four walls are lined with lockers. Shelves and cartons
text: of green surgical clothes, caps, masks, trousers, shoe-
text: coverings. Obviously, surgeons dress for their operations
text: here. Two surgeons, one middle-aged and the other a young
text: RESIDENT, are changing. The resident turns to Welbeck on his
dialog: entrance and says:
speaker_heading: RESIDENT
dialog: It's legal for a doctor to incorporate
dialog: in New York, isn't it, Doctor?
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: (en route to phone)
dialog: Since last September. If they had
dialog: that when I was your age, I'd have
dialog: put away a couple of million by now.
dialog: (dials)
dialog: It gives you a variety of deferral
dialog: devices, profit-sharing for example.
dialog: Let's say you pick yourself an October
dialog: 31-fiscal. You declare a bonus payable
dialog: in '71. An accrued item payable to a
dialog: principle share-holder must be paid
dialog: within two and half months after the
dialog: close of the year to get the deduction
dialog: in the prior year. But your
dialog: corporation doesn't pay that tax,
dialog: because we've eliminated the taxable
dialog: income with the bonus. With two
dialog: taxable entities, you can bury a
dialog: hell of a lot of expenses...
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Hello, this is Welbeck, any
dialog: messages?... Well, I'm at the
dialog: hospital. I have to cut open some
dialog: guy in a couple of minutes. I'll try
dialog: to make it as fast as I can. How
dialog: urgent did he say it was?... Well,
dialog: Dr. Hogan made those arrangements
dialog: with the underwriters. The
dialog: Registration Statement was filed
dialog: with the S.E.C. well over a year
dialog: ago... If he calls again, have me
dialog: paged here.
text: (hangs up, turns back
dialog: to the attentive
dialog: young doctors to
dialog: conduct his class in
dialog: medical finance while
dialog: changing into surgical
dialog: scrub)
dialog: The really big money is in health
dialog: leasing, of course. Dr. Hogan, the
dialog: eminent orthopedic surgeon, and I
dialog: incorporated a leasing company and
dialog: went public last year. I hold a
dialog: controlling interest in a number of
dialog: proprietary hospitals, nursing homes
dialog: and rest farms, and I've been leasing
dialog: hospital equipment to my own hospitals
dialog: at excessive rates. Why, you ask, am
dialog: I draining my own hospitals? Well,
dialog: my hospitals are taxed at 48 percent,
dialog: and I'm giving my leasing company a
dialog: hell of a price-earnings ratio,
dialog: which'll balloon the market value of
dialog: the stock. I hold three hundred
dialog: thousand shares of that stock,
dialog: lettered of course, but in a year,
dialog: I'll dump those shares at a capital
text: gain and walk off with a bundle...
scene_heading: OPERATING ROOM THREE
text: Just like on TV -- well, almost. The surgeon, DR. MALLORY, a
text: bad-tempered man in his fifties, sits on a stool with his
text: gloved hands wrapped in a towel, waiting for the two surgical
text: RESIDENTS to finish painting the operable area, which happens
text: to be the abdomen. It's a hysterectomy. The patient is sheeted
text: except for the small square of abdominal area.
scene_heading: DR. MALLORY
dialog: Mangafranni, right?
speaker_heading: SCRUB NURSE
dialog: Right.
scene_heading: DR. MALLORY
text: (grumbles to one of
dialog: the residents)
dialog: What do you say, huh? We're not going
dialog: to hang it in the Louvre, you know.
text: The anesthesiologist, DR. CHU, injects pentathol in the I.V.
dialog: tube.
speaker_heading: DR. CHU
dialog: Bring a mask over.
text: The RESIDENT ANESTHESIOLOGIST trundles over the oxygen tank,
text: takes the hypodermic syringe from Dr. Chu, who now applies
text: the oxygen mask to the enmarbled profile of the patient. He
text: studies the gauges and equipment around him at the head of
text: the operating table.
scene_heading: RESIDENT ANESTHESIOLOGIST
dialog: There's no pulse, Doctor.
speaker_heading: DR. CHU
dialog: What's the pressure?
scene_heading: RESIDENT ANESTHESIOLOGIST
dialog: There's no blood pressure, Doctor.
speaker_heading: DR. CHU
dialog: No pulse. Get the tube and E.K.G.
scene_heading: DR. MALLORY
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: RESIDENT
dialog: I can't feel a thing, sir.
text: The room galvanizes into the swift, silent activity of a
text: chest massage. Dr. Mallory, standing and stretching in the
text: back of the room, turns and moves toward the off-screen
text: patient. He begins a vigorous rhythmic massage of the
text: patient's rib cage over the heart.
scene_heading: DR. MALLORY
dialog: What the hell happened?
text: Dr. Mallory thumps the patient's chest hard with his fist,
text: and the others, likewise, go to work.
speaker_heading: DR. CHU
dialog: I don't know. She must have thrown
text: an embolus. She was doing fine up to
dialog: now.
dialog: (to Resident
dialog: Anesthesiologist)
dialog: Did you check the gasses?
scene_heading: RESIDENT ANESTHESIOLOGIST
dialog: I did, sir.
speaker_heading: DR. CHU
dialog: The only time I ever saw anybody
dialog: conk out like this, some jerk switched
text: the nitrous oxide and the gas lines.
text: The scrub nurse is applying electrode paste to the
text: defibrillators. Dr. Mallory yanks the sheets and hospital
text: shirt off the patient and begins very rigorous massage of
text: the exposed ribs; we can hear one rib crack.
scene_heading: DR. MALLORY
dialog: Get the damn leads on. For Chrissakes,
dialog: what the hell is this?!
speaker_heading: RESIDENT
dialog: She's just a young woman, sir. Do
dialog: you think we should open the chest?
scene_heading: DR. MALLORY
dialog: (defibrillating)
dialog: She's fifty-three, you buttonhead!
speaker_heading: RESIDENT
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: Bicarb?
text: Dr. Chu, who has been inserting some suprel and bicarbonate
text: into the tube of the patient's I.V., is frowning at her rigid,
text: white-capped face. He leans over to check the E.K.G. readings.
speaker_heading: DR. CHU
text: She's fibrillating, Doctor.
text: Mallory straddles the patient. He's doing heavy heart massage.
scene_heading: DR. MALLORY
dialog: Jesus H. Christ!
speaker_heading: DR. CHU
dialog: Okay, stop for a minute... Doctor...
text: Dr. Chu pushes back, the operating cap on the patient's head,
text: revealing jet-black hair. Mallory starts to massage again.
scene_heading: DR. MALLORY
dialog: (barking at the scrub
dialog: nurse)
dialog: You got those paddles ready?
text: Dr. Chu stares blankly at the patient's face, then looks up
text: at the sweating surgeon, perched on the operating table,
text: rhythmically crushing away at the patient's rib cage.
speaker_heading: DR. CHU
dialog: I may be crazy, Doctor, but I don't
dialog: think this is your patient.
text: Dr. Mallory, now pausing for a moment, looks up. He is beaded
dialog: with sweat.
scene_heading: DR. MALLORY
dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
text: He massages away. Another rib cracks.
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, BOCK'S OFFICE
text: The Supervisor of Nurses, Mrs. Christie, is sitting on a
text: chair reading a report. Bock, now in his doctor's coat, is
text: hunched over his desk, hands clasped.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Now, I don't want to get into an
dialog: institutional hassle with you, Mrs.
dialog: Christie. The malpractice here is
dialog: monumental. As you see, Dr. Schaefer's
dialog: blood sugar was twenty-three. No
dialog: glucose solution is going to do that.
dialog: The only thing that will do that is
dialog: at least fifty units of insulin,
dialog: probably more. The only presumption
dialog: is that one of those nurses on the
dialog: Eighth Floor shot fifty units of
text: insulin into Schaefer's blood stream,
dialog: either by injection or through the
dialog: I.V., although how in God's name...
text: Mrs. Christie's electric pocket-pager BEEPS.
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: I'm very sorry, Doctor.
dialog: (reaches for a phone)
dialog: May I?
text: Miss McGuire leans in from the secretaries' office.
speaker_heading: MISS MCGUIRE
dialog: (to Bock)
dialog: Doctor, did you ask the head nurse
dialog: on the eighth floor to let you know
dialog: when a Miss Drummond got there?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MISS MCGUIRE
dialog: Well, she just got there.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Oh, dear me, Dorothy. I better get
dialog: right down there directly. Have you
dialog: called the O.O.D.? And you better
dialog: call Dr. Gilley. And you better call
dialog: Mr. Sloan... Yes, I'll be down
dialog: directly.
dialog: (hangs up; to Bock)
dialog: I'm very sorry, Doctor, but there's
dialog: a real nasty one in the O.R. They've
dialog: just operated on the wrong patient...
scene_heading: O.R. NURSING SUPERVISOR'S OFFICE
text: Crowded now. The administrative resident, Hitchcock, is here
text: and a uniformed man in his fifties, MR. SLOAN, the Chief of
dialog: Safety and Traffic. Sloan represents the Hospital's security
text: force. Mrs. Kimball is at her desk, on the phone.
scene_heading: MRS. KIMBALL
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: ...well, I don't understand, is she
dialog: back in her room? When did she get
dialog: back to her room? Who brought her
dialog: back?...
text: (she stares at
dialog: Hitchcock)
text: She's back in her room.
speaker_heading: HITCHCOCK
dialog: Who?
scene_heading: MRS. KIMBALL
dialog: Mrs. Mangafranni, the woman who was
dialog: supposed to have been operated on...
dialog: (calls to a nurse
dialog: passing)
dialog: Are they still working on that woman
dialog: in Three?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: MRS. KIMBALL
dialog: (back on phone)
dialog: I'm sorry, Mrs. Fried, would you say
dialog: that again?... Well, nobody in this
dialog: office sent her back up... Well, all
dialog: right, Mrs. Fried, I'll have to call
dialog: you back.
text: She hangs up, stands, goes out into...
scene_heading: THE OPERATING AREA, PLAZA
text: ...where three orderlies lounge about.
scene_heading: MRS. KIMBALL
dialog: Did any of you take a woman named
text: Mangafranni out of the Holding Room
dialog: back up to Holly Five around ten
dialog: o'clock?
text: Apparently, none of these three. Mrs. Christie turns in from
text: the outer corridor. Normal Operating Room activity flows by:
text: patients wheeled to and from their various surgeries, surgeons
text: checking the blackboard, staff doctors, orderlies keeping
text: the noise level low but steady.
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: (to Hitchcock in the
dialog: doorway)
dialog: What happened?
text: Hitchcock shrugs helplessly.
scene_heading: MRS. KIMBALL
dialog: (to Mrs. Christie)
dialog: I don't know what happened. A patient
dialog: named Mangafranni was scheduled for
text: a hysterectomy at ten o'clock -- Dr.
dialog: Mallory. I talked to Sylvia in the
dialog: Holding Room who admitted her, so
dialog: she was here. And now I just spoke
dialog: to Mrs. Fried on Holly Five, and she
dialog: says an orderly brought Mrs.
text: Mangafranni back to her room about
dialog: twenty minutes ago. Now Mrs.
text: Mangafranni is in her room sleeping.
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: Well, who's the woman in the operating
dialog: room?
scene_heading: MRS. KIMBALL
dialog: I don't know.
text: Mrs. Kimball, Mrs. Christie, Hitchcock and Sloan push through
text: the glass doors to the crossroads of the operating rooms.
text: Through each window, we see operating crews hacking away.
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: Is she dead?
scene_heading: MRS. KIMBALL
dialog: Well, they had to open her up, and
dialog: that's not good.
text: They gather in anticipation outside O.R. Three and peer over
text: each other's shoulders into the room where the operating
text: crew is hunched over the open-heart massage. The masked
text: circulating nurse looks up, notices the audience at the door,
text: and gives a hopeless shrug.
speaker_heading: HITCHCOCK
dialog: I better get Mr. Mead.
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, THE STAFF ROOM
text: Milton Mead is sitting in a back seat of the Staff Room -- a
text: lounge with couches, easy chairs and magazine racks -- gives
dialog: half an ear to the several opinions being simultaneously
dialog: expressed by:
scene_heading: LADY FROM WOMEN'S LIB
dialog: ...abortion? The clinic should be
dialog: under the supervision and entirely
dialog: staffed by women and administered by
dialog: a member of the Women's Committee
dialog: for Medical Liberation!
dialog: and by
scene_heading: YOUNG WHITE ACTIVIST
dialog: ...let's get to the core of the matter
dialog: which is the criminal and gangster
dialog: collusion between the American medical
dialog: establishment and the drug, insurance
dialog: and tobacco companies who, through
dialog: their combined racketeering efforts,
dialog: have produced a dual system of health
dialog: care. Everything for the rich and
dialog: nothing for the poor!
dialog: and by
speaker_heading: BLACK PANTHER
dialog: ...abortion clinic! That's genocide,
dialog: baby! You're just killing off blacks!
dialog: We consider proliferation elemental
dialog: to the class struggle!
dialog: and by
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: (who has lost his
dialog: cool altogether and
dialog: is screaming right
dialog: along with everyone
dialog: else)
dialog: ...for God's sake! We've got eleven
dialog: people in these buildings, and we've
dialog: got to get them out of there! We can
dialog: rectify the injustices of the world
dialog: tomorrow, but right now, for God's
dialog: sake, can we get those people out of
dialog: those buildings? Will you people
dialog: please listen to me? Will you people
dialog: please shut up and listen to me?
dialog: Will you people please call a halt
dialog: to this participatory democracy and
dialog: address ourselves to the immediate
dialog: problem?!
text: During this maelstrom, the phone at Mead's elbow RINGS. Mead
text: answers it, listens, nods, returns the receiver, stand and
text: slips out of the room into the delicious silence of the...
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, EXECUTIVE CORRIDOR
text: ...where Hitchcock emerges from the Administration offices.
text: The two men move down the hall toward each other.
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: How long ago did this happen?
speaker_heading: HITCHCOCK
text: About half an hour.
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: Have you called the Medical Examiner?
speaker_heading: HITCHCOCK
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: Well, you'd better do that now. And
dialog: you better call the precinct station
dialog: house as well.
scene_heading: OPERATING ROOM THREE
text: Dr. Mallory is wrenching off his blood-drenched rubber gloves
text: and flinging them to the floor in a rage. The door to the
text: room opens, and Mrs. Kimball, Mrs. Christie and Mr. Sloan
text: enter. Dr. Mallory is stupefied with anger. Dr. Chu, blessed
text: with Eastern containment, blandly gathers his equipment
text: together, nods to Mrs. Christie.
speaker_heading: DR. CHU
dialog: Good morning.
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: Good morning, Doctor.
speaker_heading: DR. CHU
dialog: This is really something, isn't it?
dialog: I thought she looked a little
dialog: different when they brought her in.
dialog: I even said to one of the nurses,
dialog: "She looks a little younger without
dialog: her dentures." I'd only talked to
text: her half an hour before.
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: Does anybody know who she is?
text: Dr. Mallory can only stare at her numbly. He turns and stares
text: numbly at Mr. Sloan.
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: (to Mrs. Kimball,
dialog: examining the chart
dialog: dangling from the
dialog: operating table)
dialog: What's her chart say?
scene_heading: CIRCULATING RESIDENT
dialog: Her chart says Mangafranni. Her
text: bracelet says Mangafranni. The only
dialog: thing that isn't Mangafranni is the
dialog: woman.
text: Dr. Mallory finally explodes.
scene_heading: DR. MALLORY
dialog: Jesus H. Christ! I've been chopping
dialog: out three uteruses a day for twenty
dialog: years, and is it too much to expect
dialog: for you people to bring in the right
dialog: goddam Jesus Christ uterus?!
speaker_heading: DR. CHU
dialog: I had just been talking to her in
dialog: the Holding Room. She was perfectly
dialog: fine. A little drowsy. I thought it
dialog: was funny that when they brought her
dialog: in, she was out cold.
scene_heading: DR. MALLORY
text: (shuffling around in
dialog: aimless circles)
dialog: Jesus H. Kee-rist!
text: Mrs. Christie stares down at the face of the dead patient on
text: the table, who has had her chest spread wide open so that
text: the organs are exposed.
scene_heading: MRS. CHRISTIE
dialog: Well, we'll just all have to stay
dialog: here until Mr. Mead or someone from
text: the O.O.D. comes back.
scene_heading: DR. MALLORY
dialog: Well, I'm not taking the rap for
dialog: this! I've already got one malpractice
dialog: suit pending, and I'm not taking the
dialog: rap for this one!
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, ROOM
text: William Mead's bed is empty. The Reverend Drummond's suit,
text: still on its hanger, is lying on it. Drummond himself lies
text: comatose and rigged out with I.V.s and catheters. Barbara
text: Drummond is packing her father's things into an open one-
text: suiter valise. The door opens. She looks up. It's Bock. They
text: look at each other -- two people in love.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Look, you're not going. I love you,
dialog: and I'm not going to let you go.
text: He picks up the suit lying on the bed.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Come on, let's start putting your
dialog: father's things back. He's staying
dialog: here.
dialog: (hangs the suit in
dialog: the closet)
dialog: I'll find an apartment somewhere.
dialog: I'm staying in a filthy little hotel
dialog: room. We can't use that.
text: His eyes are caught by a white doctor's uniform hanging in
text: the armoire along with the suits and overcoats of the two
text: patients in the room. He bends over to peer at the nameplate
text: over the breast pocket.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I can't make it here, Herb. I'll
text: crack up. I cracked up once already.
dialog: One week here, and I'd be running
text: naked through the streets screaming
dialog: again. I can retain my sanity only
text: in a simple society.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: For God's sake, Barbara, you can't
dialog: seriously see me living in a grass
dialog: shack hunting jackrabbits for dinner?
dialog: Be sensible for God's sake.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I am being sensible. What is it you're
dialog: so afraid of leaving here? Your
dialog: plastic home? Your conditioned air?
dialog: Your synthetic clothes? Your instant
dialog: food? I'm offering you green silence
dialog: and solitude, the natural order of
dialog: things. Mostly, I'm offering me. I
dialog: think we're beautiful, Herb.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (utterly in love)
dialog: You make it sound almost plausible.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I don't know why you even hesitate.
dialog: What's holding you here? Is it your
dialog: wife?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: No, that's all over. I suppose if
dialog: I'm married to anything, it's this
dialog: hospital. It's been my whole life. I
dialog: just can't walk out on it as if it
dialog: never mattered. I'm middle-class.
dialog: Among us middle-class, love doesn't
dialog: triumph over all. Responsibility
dialog: does.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Herb, don't ask me to stay here with
dialog: you, because I love you, and I will.
dialog: And we'll both be destroyed.
text: He turns to her again. They both look away.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I've got the bill here to pay yet.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: I'll come with you.
text: She gathers her raincoat and goes. Bock follows her out into
dialog: the...
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, EIGHTH FLOOR, CORRIDOR
dialog: ...where Dr. Joseph Lagerman, Head of Nephrology, perhaps
text: remembered from an earlier scene, has been waiting for Bock.
text: He joins them en route to the elevators.
speaker_heading: LAGERMAN
dialog: Herb, you asked me to find that
dialog: dialysis nurse.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: What dialysis nurse?
text: Barbara has continued walking. Bock starts to follow her.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I'll go pay the bill.
speaker_heading: LAGERMAN
dialog: The one who goofed on your patient,
dialog: Drummond.
text: Bock turns back to Lagerman.
speaker_heading: LAGERMAN
dialog: Well, her name is Theresa Campanella,
dialog: but you are not going to believe
dialog: this, Herb. She died on the operating
text: table in O. R. Three about an hour
dialog: ago.
text: Barbara is disappearing into an elevator. Bock starts after
text: her, then turns back to Lagerman.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: What do you mean, she died on the
dialog: operating table in O.R. Three?
text: They hurry down the corridor to the elevators.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: You mean she was the one?
speaker_heading: LAGERMAN
dialog: That's the one. I just identified
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: What the hell's going on around here?
dialog: Every time I try to find somebody in
dialog: this hospital, they either died of a
dialog: heart attack in Emergency or of
text: anesthesia shock in an operating
dialog: room.
text: Elevator doors open. A nurse and visitor get out. Bock and
dialog: Lagerman go into...
speaker_heading: THE ELEVATOR
text: Two or three people besides the elevator operator are there,
text: as well as a patient on a stretcher and an orderly.
speaker_heading: LAGERMAN
dialog: Listen, I just came from the O.R.
text: They're trying to find a Dr. Schaefer.
dialog: Don't you have a kid named Schaefer
dialog: in your service?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (scowls, mutters)
dialog: I had a Schaefer. He died yesterday
dialog: of an overdose of insulin. What do
dialog: they want Schaefer for?
speaker_heading: LAGERMAN
dialog: The Holding Room nurse says there
text: was a Dr. Schaefer hanging around
dialog: the Holding Room. It wouldn't have
dialog: been your Schaefer anyway. The nurse
dialog: says it was senior staff, a middle-
text: aged man.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: There's no senior staff named Schaefer
dialog: in this hospital.
speaker_heading: LAGERMAN
dialog: I told them that. I said, I don't
dialog: know any senior staff around here
dialog: named Schaefer. They've got detectives
dialog: down there, everything. It's a whole
dialog: big investigation.
text: The elevator stops at the seventh floor. The doors open and
text: Bock and Lagerman stroll into...
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, SEVENTH FLOOR, CORRIDOR
text: Bock lumbers down the west corridor, turns into...
speaker_heading: ROOM 806
text: William Mead, sedated and apparently zonked out cold, is
text: being transferred from a stretcher back into bed by an O.R.
text: orderly and nurse's aid. Bock rolls back the curtains around
text: Drummond's bed revealing the comatose patient, his face
text: sculptured against the white pillow, an I.V. tube in his
text: right arm, a catheter projecting from under the sheet. Bock
text: lowers the protective railing, leans in, takes the man's
text: pulse on his neck, raises one closed eyelid, then the other.
text: The pupils stare vacuously back at him; the eyelids drop
text: closed as soon as they are released.
text: In the background, the orderly and aid finish tucking in
text: William Mead and exit, wheeling their creaking stretcher
text: out. The room is shockingly silent. Bock goes to the window
text: and frowns in thought.
text: HOLD ACROSS the patient Drummond, on Bock in the background
text: at the window with his back to us. Suddenly, Drummond's eyes
text: open. He lies rigid, his eyes staring dementedly into the
text: air above him.
text: Slowly, his left hand reaches out and carefully withdraws
text: the catheter from his bladder, lays it on the white sheet
text: beside him, and silently reaches over to withdraw the I.V.
text: needle from his right arm. He lets the needle dangle, dripping
text: onto the bed. Carefully, he twists out from under his sheet,
text: swings his legs over the side of the bed and sits up.
text: REVERSE ACROSS Bock at the window, pondering. With a swift
text: lash of movement, the double tubes of a stethoscope are
text: whipped over his head and tightened around his throat.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (mad as a hatter)
dialog: I am the Fool for Christ and the
dialog: Paraclete of Caborca.
text: CLOSE TWO SHOT of Bock being strangled, Drummond's face frozen
text: in bland dementia behind him.
speaker_heading: BARBARA'S VOICE
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: For heaven's sake, Dad! What the
dialog: hell's going on?
text: Drummond pauses in his strangling and, releasing the poor
text: man altogether, turns to his daughter in the doorway.
text: CAMERA DOLLIES to include all three -- Bock recuperating;
text: Drummond staring madly; and Barbara infuriated with her
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: We all thought you were at Death's
dialog: Door! What're you doing out of bed?
text: Drummond, abashed, stands there, a scolded schoolboy, a
text: rawboned figure in a hospital shift, a stethoscope dangling
text: from his right hand.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (to Bock)
dialog: What happened? Did he say anything
dialog: to you?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (sufficiently recovered)
dialog: As a matter of fact, he said, "I am
dialog: the Fool for Christ and the Paraclete
dialog: of Caborca." And you'd better close
dialog: the door, because if he's going to
dialog: tell everyone who walks in here he's
dialog: the Fool for Christ and the Paraclete
dialog: of Caborca, they'll put us all away.
dialog: He's already killed two doctors and
dialog: one nurse.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: I am the wrath of the lamb and the
text: angel of the bottomless pit.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: What do you mean he killed two doctors
dialog: and a nurse?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: I mean, he's killed two doctors and
dialog: a nurse! And he just tried to kill
dialog: me! He has something against doctors.
dialog: Somehow he got hold of a thousand
dialog: units of insulin and put it in Dr.
dialog: Schaefer's intravenous solution. And
dialog: somehow he got Dr. Ives to die of a
text: heart attack in the middle of the
dialog: Emergency Room. And somehow he got a
dialog: dialysis nurse named Campanella to
dialog: die of anesthesia shock on an
dialog: operating table!
dialog: (opens the closet,
dialog: points to the white
dialog: doctor's uniform
dialog: hanging there)
dialog: He's been running around the hospital
text: wearing Dr. Schaefer's uniform. Right
dialog: now, they're looking all over the
dialog: place for this mysterious Dr.
dialog: Schaefer. I know this all sounds as
dialog: grotesque to you as it does to me,
dialog: but you can see for yourself your
dialog: father is not the helpless comatose
dialog: patient we thought he was. Don't
dialog: look at me like I'm the one who's
dialog: crazy. Ask your crazy father!
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: I was merely an instrument of God. I
dialog: killed no one. They all three died
dialog: by their own hands, ritual victims
dialog: of their own institutions, murdered
dialog: by irony, an eye for an eye, biblical
dialog: retribution. Schaefer was first, you
dialog: see, because he killed God. God was
dialog: admitted to this hospital last Monday
dialog: under the name of Guernsey...
scene_heading: ROOM 806. MORNING. (FLASHBACK)
text: A cheerless, gray sunlight fills the room as the fragile,
text: white-haired and bearded old Guernsey (whose admittance to
text: the hospital was the opening scene of the film) is being
text: helped into the room by Nurse Felicia Chile. She solicitously
text: helps the wispy old man off with his coat and jacket and hat
text: which she puts in the armoire. With palsied fingers, the
text: little old man unknots his stringy tie and unbuttons the
text: collar, which is three sizes too large. In the other bed,
text: Drummond's eyes slowly open.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: I was instantly aware of a divine
dialog: presence.
text: The old man is slipping out of his clothes to expose a thin
text: little body in a torn nightshirt.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: I was convinced this porcelain old
dialog: man was, in fact, an Angel of the
dialog: Lord...
text: The old man sits back, wheezing a little. Nurse Chile smiles
text: nicely at him and takes her leave. For a moment, Drummond
text: lies rigidly on his bed, staring dully into the air and the
text: old man sits with his hunched back to us. The room is silent
text: except for his rheumy wheeze.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: ...perhaps even Christ Himself.
text: After a moment, the old man rises and goes to the washbasin
text: and, with some wheezing, spits into it. He shuffles back to
text: bed. Dr. Schaefer comes into the room with a professional
text: smile and the patient Guernsey's chart.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: Our Savior was, it seems, suffering
dialog: from emphysema.
text: Schaefer perches on the bed beside Guernsey and begins to
dialog: take his history.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: He was relentlessly subjected to the
dialog: benefits of modern medicine. He was
dialog: misdiagnosed, mismedicated, and put
text: into shock by Dr. Schaefer; raced
dialog: off to Intensive Care, where the
dialog: resident compounded the blunder and
dialog: induced a coma. I can tell you with
dialog: authority that God is indeed dead.
dialog: He died last Monday under the name
dialog: of Guernsey.
text: CLOSE-UP of Drummond in deep shadow shows him sleeping.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: A few hours later, he appeared to me
text: in a revelation.
scene_heading: ROOM 806. NIGHT, 7:00 P.M.
text: The room is lit only by the yellow light from the half-opened
text: bathroom door. Guernsey walks out of the shadows, hands
text: raised. He shuffles to Drummond's bedside and looks down on
text: him from his frail height.
speaker_heading: GUERNSEY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Rise up, Drummond. You are dead, now
dialog: you are restored.
text: Drummond's eyes open and roll to the direction of the voice.
text: DRUMMOND'S P.O.V.: Guernsey, dressed only in his hospital
text: shift, is shuffling up and down the aisle of the room, hands
text: clasped behind his back like a Mittel-European intellectual,
text: head hunched forward -- a little old man with a white beard
text: talking to himself.
speaker_heading: GUERNSEY
dialog: Those who killed you and those who
dialog: killed me will die in our place. You
dialog: are the Paraclete of Caborca, the
text: wrath of the lamb. The angel of the
text: bottomless pit.
text: Guernsey closes his eyes in religious ecstacy.
speaker_heading: GUERNSEY
dialog: In this fashion has it been revealed
dialog: to you.
text: Drummond starts to sob and slowly sits up in his bed, imbued
text: with belief. He looks mutely up at the frail old man, who
text: now raises his right hand and his face is transfigured into
dialog: vast majesty.
speaker_heading: GUERNSEY
dialog: (thunders out)
dialog: The age is closed! The end is at
dialog: hand! The seal is broken!
text: So saying, he reverts to the little old man he was, wheezing
text: a bit, and with some effort, climbs back on his bed and lies
text: there, eyes closed. His thin, high nose projects from the
text: whiteness of his face. He sighs the rattling last sigh of
text: life and dies. CAMERA DOLLIES slowly to CLOSE-UP of Drummond
text: lying motionless on his bed. His eyes are wide, glinting in
text: the shadows, a man imbued. His cheeks are wet with tears of
dialog: exaltation.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: Well! Not quite the burning bush
dialog: perhaps but prodigal enough for me.
dialog: I was to avenge the death of God and
dialog: my own brutalization. I was to kill
dialog: Doctors Schaefer, Ives and Welbeck
dialog: and the dialysis nurse Miss
dialog: Campanella, whose negligence caused
dialog: my coma.
text: FULL SHOT of Drummond. He raises his left hand, flexing his
text: fingers. Then he moves his other arm, his head, his shoulders.
text: Obviously, he is regaining his faculties.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: I awaited a further sign from God,
dialog: which was given to me later that
dialog: evening. Dr. Schaefer, it seems, had
text: arranged an assignation with a girl
text: from the hematology lab named Sheila.
text: ACROSS Drummond to the now empty other bed. All the lights
text: are on. PAN on Nurse Penny Canduso and an orderly wheeling
text: away the wrapped body of Guernsey. Intern Schaefer, at the
text: door, considers the empty bed with interest. Moving to the
text: bedtable, he picks up the receiver of the phone.
speaker_heading: SCHAEFER
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Hey Sheila, this is Howard, Sheila.
dialog: Hey listen, I got us a bed for
text: tonight. A real, honest-to-god bed.
scene_heading: ROOM 806. NIGHT
text: REPRISE the scene originally played UNDER CREDITS where Dr.
text: Schaefer and his girlfriend Sheila sneak into the room and
text: undress. Giggles and shushings, gooses and fondles.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: Boy, I sure hope nobody walks in.
text: During the replay, however, an additional segment is added.
text: At one point, the girl, hanging her dress in the armoire,
text: turns and holds something up.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: What's this in your pocket?
speaker_heading: SCHAEFER
dialog: That's my insulin. Put it back.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: What do you take insulin for?
dialog: Diabetes? I didn't know you were a
text: diabetic.
speaker_heading: SCHAEFER
dialog: It ain't contagious, don't worry
dialog: about it.
text: They head for the unoccupied bed. CLOSE-UP on Drummond's
dialog: profile.
speaker_heading: ROOM 806
text: Dark, hushed. Schaefer's girl is leaving; she tiptoes to the
text: door, peeks out. Apparently, the coast is clear. She quickly
text: slips out.
scene_heading: ROOM 806. DAY
text: Drummond on his chair. Barbara perched on one side of her
text: father's bed, Bock on the other. William Mead sleeps on.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: And you put Schaefer's insulin into
dialog: the I.V. jar.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
text: Yes. And then a second nurse came
dialog: and plugged the I.V. jar into
dialog: Schaefer. God clearly intended a
text: measure of irony here. The hospital
dialog: was to do all the killing for me.
dialog: All I need do was arrange for the
dialog: doctors to become patients in their
dialog: own hospital. Accordingly, the next
dialog: morning, I set out for Dr. Ives. I
text: put on Dr. Schaefer's uniform, pinched
text: some digoxine from the pharmacy and
text: a sandbag from a utility cart, and
dialog: found my way to Dr. Ives' laboratory.
dialog: I coshed him with the sandbag, gave
text: him a massive shot of the digoxine.
dialog: This, you see, brought on an instant
dialog: condition of cardiac arrhythmia.
dialog: When he came to, I brought him down
text: to the Emergency Room.
scene_heading: EMERGENCY ROOM AREA, LOBBY. DAY
text: The usual E.R. crush and motion goes on in the background.
text: Drummond escorts an obviously ill Dr. Ives to the Admitting
text: Room. Drummond's voice under the narration explains matters
text: to Miss Aronovici at the desk.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: This is Dr. Ives. He's in the
dialog: Nephrology Lab. I was in there a
dialog: little while ago, and he was suddenly
dialog: taken ill, and I thought I'd better
dialog: get him over here right away.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: He had at that time perhaps an hour
dialog: to live. Prompt treatment would have
dialog: saved his life.
dialog: They go into the...
scene_heading: EMERGENCY ADMITTING AND TREATMENT ROOMS
text: Ives, seated on a table in evident distress, breathes heavily.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (voice-off)
text: As a staff doctor, he was seen without
dialog: preliminaries...
text: An attendant takes his pulse, pressure and respiration. Ives
text: collapses.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (voice-off)
dialog: His vital signs were taken, an
dialog: electrocardiogram...
text: PAN SLOWLY across the Emergency Room to catch its state of
text: contained febrility. Every curtained treatment room is
text: occupied, including the storage room in the back. The triage
text: nurse and a second nurse behind the desk are busy on the
text: phones. The triage nurse takes the history of the first in a
text: line of five people seeking admission even as she answers
text: her phone.
text: We watch Miss Aronovici and the other nurse and Dr. Spezio
text: and his two interns, the two attendants -- all busy with one
dialog: patient or another.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (voice-off)
dialog: ...which revealed occasional
text: ventricular premature contractions.
dialog: An intern took his history...
text: ACROSS Drummond, white-uniformed, standing in the back against
text: the filing cabinets and linens, watching the the new patients
text: trickle and crowd in.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (voice-off)
dialog: ...and then he was promptly...
text: At the Admitting Desk, a MAN in his forties is being signed
text: in by a uniformed cop.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (voice-off)
dialog: ...simply... forgotten to death.
dialog: Simply mislaid...
text: CAMERA JUST STARES at the pageant of pain.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (voice-off)
text: ...mislaid among the broken wrists,
dialog: the chest pains, scalp lacerations,
dialog: the man whose fingers were crushed
text: in a taxi door, the infant with the
text: skin rash, the child swiped by a
text: car, the old lady mugged in the
text: subway, the derelict beaten by
dialog: sailors, the teenage suicide, the
text: paranoids, drunks, asthmatics, the
dialog: rapes, the septic abortions, the
dialog: overdosed addicts...
scene_heading: EMERGENCY ROOM AREA, LOBBY
text: Looking to the street doors as two ambulance attendants,
text: bearing a seventeen-year-old black girl on a stretcher, burst
dialog: in.
scene_heading: AMBULANCE ATTENDANTS
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Not breathing! Not breathing!
text: They hurry into the Admitting Room past a nurse and into
dialog: the...
scene_heading: EMERGENCY ADMITTING AND TREATMENT ROOMS
text: ...which is already galvanized into action. Miss Aronovici
text: is at the girl's pulse even as she is being transferred to
text: the bed that has just been cleared of Mr. Mitgang and his
dialog: concussion case.
speaker_heading: INTERN
dialog: (instructing attendant
dialog: with Mitgang)
dialog: Better put him in the Holding Room.
speaker_heading: MISS ARONOVICI
dialog: (with the seventeen-
dialog: year-old girl)
text: She's taking a little pulse.
speaker_heading: DR. SPEZIO
dialog: (to triage nurse)
dialog: Get an anesthesiologist, one-five-
dialog: one-five...
text: On screen we continue watching the scene of the overdose
text: case treatment, as the live-action sound in the room fades
text: behind Drummond's tale.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: ...the fractures, infarcts,
text: hemorrhages, concussions, boils,
dialog: abrasions, the colonic cancers, the
dialog: cardiac arrests -- the whole wounded
dialog: madhouse of our times...
text: REACTION SHOT of Drummond staring at this ceaseless panorama
text: of pain, tears streaking down his cheeks.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: I wonder if I could have a minute of
dialog: your time, Doctor...
text: Drummond turns to the voice. CAMERA PULLS BACK to include
text: the man who had been brought into the E.R. by a uniformed
dialog: cop.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: I am the fool for Christ and the
dialog: Paraclete of Caborca.
speaker_heading: NAMELESS MAN
dialog: Well, it's an honor and a privilege,
dialog: Doctor. I've been here ten minutes,
dialog: I can't seem to get anybody to help
dialog: me. I'm suffering from some sort of
dialog: amnesia. I can't remember my name.
dialog: As a matter of fact, it's pretty
dialog: screwy. I got mugged. Two hours ago,
text: walking out of a coffee shop on Fifty-
dialog: Seventh Street and Second Avenue,
dialog: eight o'clock in the morning, broad
dialog: daylight, I got mugged. A sixteen-
text: year-old girl walks up to me, shows
dialog: me a knife about a yard long and
dialog: says, "Give me your wallet." I thought
dialog: she was kidding. I mean there's
text: hundreds of people walking right by.
dialog: Well, she wasn't kidding. "Listen,"
dialog: I said, "all I got's about twenty
dialog: bucks." So she takes the wallet
dialog: anyway. So I said, "How about leaving
dialog: me my identification?" I mean, I had
dialog: my driver's license, my Diner's Club,
dialog: my credit cards. But she took them
dialog: all, the whole damn wallet, credit
dialog: cards, everything. So I stopped some
dialog: guy, I said, "Hey, you see that girl
text: there, walking away?" He says, "Yeah."
dialog: I said, "She just stole my wallet,
dialog: credit cards and everything." He
dialog: says, "Well, that's what they want,
dialog: the credit cards." So I started
dialog: looking for a cop. I mean, go find a
dialog: cop, right? Well, I finally find a
text: cop. The girl's halfway to South
dialog: America by now, probably bought the
dialog: ticket with my credit cards. So the
dialog: cop says, "What's your name?" And
dialog: you want to know something? I couldn't
dialog: think of my name. The girl took all
dialog: my identification, you know what I
dialog: mean? She took all my credit cards.
dialog: So I said, "You know this is screwy.
dialog: I can't think of my name." So he
dialog: took me to the station house. The
dialog: sergeant says, "What's your name?" I
dialog: said, "I don't know! She took all my
dialog: credit cards!" So they took me down
dialog: here. So what do you think, Doctor?
dialog: I'm nuts, right? I finally flipped.
text: PAN SLOWLY to Drummond who stares at the Nameless Man.
text: In BACKGROUND the door opens and Mrs. Cushing, the lady from
text: accounting, enters. She calls out in her annoying voice from
dialog: a chart.
scene_heading: MRS. CUSHING
dialog: Who's number 7-6-8-0-2-S? Is there
dialog: anybody here who is that number?
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: In this way was it revealed to me
dialog: the manner of Nurse Campanella's
dialog: death. She was to die of the great
dialog: American plague -- vestigial identity.
scene_heading: RETURN FROM FLASHBACK:
scene_heading: ROOM 806. DAY
text: Drummond in his hospital shift, gaunt and mad as a prophet,
text: sits rigidly on his chair. Barbara perches on her father's
text: bed. Bock wanders disorientedly about the room, staring
text: incredulously first at Barbara and then at her father.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: So last night, I coshed Miss
text: Campanella with a sandbag, sedated
dialog: her with thorazine, shaved her,
text: prepped her, and parked her in a
dialog: corridor of the X-Ray Department for
dialog: five hours.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Why X-Ray?
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
text: Well, at X-Ray, a sedated body lying
text: around unattended for five hours
dialog: wouldn't seem unusual.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: Her operation -- that is to say,
dialog: Mrs. Mangafranni's operation -- was
dialog: not scheduled until nine-thirty. So
dialog: at nine-fifteen this morning, I rang
dialog: for my nurse...
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: You rang for your nurse?
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: To insure one full hour of
text: uninterrupted privacy.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Oh yes.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: I got up, wheeled Miss Campanella
text: off to the operating rooms, replaced
text: her bed with Mrs. Mangafranni's,
dialog: exchanged charts and identity
dialog: bracelets. She died officially of
dialog: anesthesia shock. But, in point of
dialog: fact, she died because she was wearing
text: another woman's identity.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (to Bock)
dialog: God, what do we do now? Let me take
dialog: him back to Mexico. It's a simple
dialog: world there. If you turn him in,
dialog: they'll just cage him in the Rockland
dialog: State Hospital for the Criminally
dialog: Insane. Let me take him back, Herb.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Are you kidding? We'll both take
dialog: him. I'm going with you! Get him
dialog: dressed. We're getting out of here
dialog: before the police put us all in
dialog: Rockland State.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: I haven't finished my work here. I
dialog: have this Welbeck to dispose of. I
dialog: am the angel of the bottomless pit
text: and the wrath of the lamb.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Oh dear, he's having another
dialog: revelation.
text: Bock holds Drummond's coat and hat and crosses to take his
text: arm. He finds the entranced Drummond as rigid as a statue.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Look, that ambulance must be here by
dialog: now. You go down and get them. I'll
dialog: give him a shot of something to knock
dialog: him out. We'll take him to the airport
text: in the ambulance.
text: They both hurry out of the room. Drummond remains enmarbled
text: in his trance. CAMERA SUDDENLY MOVES DOWN to William Mead,
text: whose eyes now open; he has heard it all. In background,
text: Drummond, suddenly released from his catatonic trance, heads
text: for the armoire and extracts the white trousers of Dr.
text: Schaefer's uniform. He puts them on, tucking in the tails of
text: his hospital shift. He notices William Mead staring at him.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: You're hallucinating again.
text: William Mead just stares at Drummond.
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR, NURSES' STATION AND LOBBY AREA
text: Bock and Barbara come hurrying around the corner from the
text: west corridor. Barbara heads for the elevators. Bock heads
text: for the Nurses' Station. The Eighth Floor is going about its
text: normal 1:15 P.M. activity. Mrs. Donovan is at her desk on
dialog: the phone.
scene_heading: MRS. DONOVAN
dialog: ...Edwards never showed up. I'm short-
dialog: staffed as hell. It's just me and
dialog: Felicia. It's like Sunday. Nobody's
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: DR. BIEGELMAN
dialog: I'll be at lunch...
text: A nurse's aid, a bathrobed patient and two of his visitors
text: stroll by. It's the end of the lunch hour, when the kitchen
text: workers bring used trays back.
scene_heading: MRS. DONOVAN
dialog: Yeah, you gotta send me somebody...
dialog: Oh yeah?
text: Bock moves past Mrs. Donovan and into the pharmacy where we
text: see him scouring the shelves for thorazine and a syringe. An
text: elevator arrives, disgorging Milton Mead and his resident
dialog: assistant, Thomas Hitchcock and, of all people, Dr. Richard
text: Welbeck himself. Barbara and Dr. Biegelman go into the
text: elevator. The doors close. Milton Mead and Hitchcock head
text: for the west corridor. Welbeck, in his natty double-breasted
text: suit and carrying his cashmere coat, heads straight for the
dialog: Nurses' Station.
speaker_heading: MEAD
dialog: We'll be in Eight-O-Six.
scene_heading: MRS. DONOVAN
dialog: (chuckles into phone)
dialog: ...then what did she say?
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: (to Mrs. Donovan)
dialog: I'm Dr. Welbeck. I have a patient on
dialog: this floor named Drummond, and I'd
dialog: like to see his chart.
scene_heading: MRS. DONOVAN
dialog: I'll call you back.
text: Bock immediately emerges from the pharmacy holding a bottle
text: of thorazine and a wrapped hypodermic syringe. He scowls at
text: Welbeck, who scowls back.
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: Oh, Dr. Bock. Can I have a few minutes
dialog: of your time, sir?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: No.
text: He starts to pass Mrs. Donovan and would continue, but Welbeck
text: lays a restraining hand on his arm.
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: Dr. Gilley tells me you're the one
dialog: who initiated these proceedings
dialog: against me.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: I'm busy, Welbeck.
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: I'd like to know what you have against
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: You turned up half-stoned for a simple
dialog: nephrectomy eight days ago, botched
dialog: it, put the patient into failure and
dialog: damn near killed him. Then, pausing
dialog: only to send in your bill, you flew
text: off on the wings of man to an island
dialog: of sun in Montego Bay. This is the
dialog: third time in two years we've had to
dialog: patch up your patients; the other
dialog: two died. You're greedy, unfeeling,
text: inept, indifferent, self-inflating
dialog: and unconscionably profitable. Aside
dialog: from that, I have nothing against
dialog: you. I'm sure you play a hell of a
dialog: game of golf. What else do you want
dialog: to know?
text: Welbeck's pocket-beeper BEEPS.
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: Excuse me for a moment, Doctor.
dialog: (he reaches over the
dialog: nurses' desk for a
dialog: phone)
dialog: This is Dr. Welbeck. Were you paging
dialog: me?
dialog: (regarding Bock with
dialog: cold scorn)
dialog: How much do you make a year, Bock?
dialog: For a guy who makes a lousy forty,
dialog: fifty grand...
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Hello, Arthur, I understand you've
dialog: been trying to reach me all morning...
text: Bock turns and heads back for...
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR, WEST CORRIDOR
text: ...and down that through the kitchen workers and strolling
dialog: patients to...
speaker_heading: ROOM 806
text: ...which he enters. He is startled to find Milton Mead and
text: Hitchcock leaning over William Mead, who is up on one elbow
dialog: and in a state.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM MEAD
dialog: I'm telling you, Milton, he pulls
dialog: out all the wires and the tubes, and
text: he gets up and puts on a doctor's
text: uniform, and he goes out, and he
dialog: murders doctors! He just went out
dialog: ten seconds before you came in!
text: Indeed, there is no Drummond to be seen. His bed is empty.
text: Bock nods to Milton Mead and Hitchcock, who nod back, and
text: crosses quickly to look into the bathroom which is likewise
text: empty.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM MEAD
dialog: And I'll tell you something else
dialog: about this crazy place you got here!
dialog: There was a naked Indian in here
dialog: last night doing a war dance! That's
dialog: the kind of crazy place you're running
dialog: here, Milton! You got to get me out
dialog: of here, Milton. This is a crazy
dialog: place, Milton!
text: Milton Mead's pocket-beeper BEEPS. Milton Mead reaches for
dialog: the phone.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM MEAD
dialog: (appealing to Bock)
dialog: I wake up last night, there's a goddam
dialog: Indian in here, a naked Indian! What
dialog: kind of hospital is this?
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: This is Mr. Mead, are you paging me?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM MEAD
dialog: A couple of hours later I wake up
dialog: again, and the guy in that bed there
text: is getting out of the bed...
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: (to Hitchcock)
dialog: Are the police still in the building?
speaker_heading: HITCHCOCK
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: You'd better get them up here. Yes.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM MEAD
text: All day long, he lays there like a
text: dead man. All of a sudden, in the
text: middle of the night, he gets out of
dialog: bed! I thought I was going crazy!
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Yes, this is Mead... Oh, dear.
dialog: When?...
speaker_heading: WILLIAM MEAD
dialog: You know what he says to me? He says,
dialog: you're hallucinating. Listen, I just
dialog: saw a naked Indian. Now, I'm seeing
dialog: a ghost. I got to figure he's right,
dialog: I'm hallucinating, right?
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: I'll be down directly.
dialog: (hangs up)
text: Never rains but it pours. A fire
dialog: just broke out in one of those
text: condemned buildings. The squatters
text: in the building came out. The police
dialog: tried to arrest them and, apparently,
dialog: the situation has erupted into a
dialog: riot.
dialog: (to Bock as he heads
dialog: for the door)
dialog: I'm sure you're wondering what this
dialog: is all about, Herb.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM MEAD
dialog: You're not going to leave me alone
dialog: in this crazy place, Milton!
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
text: (at the door with
dialog: Bock)
dialog: Mr. Hitchcock is staying with you.
dialog: (to Hitchcock)
dialog: You better call the cops, Tom.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM MEAD
dialog: Milton! Milton! Milton!!!
text: The door slams.
scene_heading: WEST CORRIDOR AND NURSES' STATION
text: Bock and Milton Mead stride up the corridor through the linen
text: wagons and kitchen carts.
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: I haven't the time now, and I'm not
dialog: even going to try to tell you this
dialog: curious story my brother just told
dialog: me. I'll fill you in on it at lunch
dialog: some time.
text: He waves his hand helplessly to indicate the utter incredulity
dialog: of it all.
speaker_heading: MILTON MEAD
dialog: (rushes not to miss
dialog: the elevator)
dialog: Hold it!
text: They reach an open elevator. Mead goes in, the doors close.
text: The doors of a second elevator then open, and Barbara comes
text: out. She and Bock stare at each other. In background, Welbeck
text: is on the phone at the Nurses' Station.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: The ambulance is here.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Yeah, but your father isn't. He's
text: disappeared. He put on Schaefer's
dialog: uniform and has gone out to do God's
dialog: work, presumably the murder of Dr.
dialog: Welbeck. Except, that fellow on the
text: phone over there is Dr. Welbeck.
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: (in background on
dialog: phone)
dialog: Oh my God, Arthur! What are you
dialog: talking about? Have you talked to
dialog: Dr. Hogan about this?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: And, on top of everything else, the
dialog: other patient in your father's room
dialog: overheard his whole confession and
dialog: just told the Chief Administrator of
dialog: the hospital. They're sending for
dialog: the cops.
text: REVERSE ACROSS Welbeck on phone at Nurses' Station. In the
text: background, Bock and Barbara stare at him.
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: (almost apoplectic on
dialog: phone)
dialog: Oh, my God, Arthur. Well, who held
dialog: title? Do the underwriters know about
dialog: this yet?... Oh my God! Arthur,
dialog: what're you waiting for? Arrest the
dialog: son of a bitch! Turn him in!... Oh
dialog: my God! When?... Of course, Arthur,
dialog: call me right back. I'm at the Holly
dialog: Pavilion, Eighth Floor. Please! Right
dialog: away!
text: He hangs up.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Are you all right, Welbeck?
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: All right?! That son of a bitch is
dialog: trying to wipe me out! My partner,
dialog: the eminent orthopedic surgeon, Dr.
dialog: Noel Hogan, is a miserable thief.
dialog: And he's trying to wipe me out!
scene_heading: MRS. DONOVAN
dialog: (extending a chart)
dialog: Mr. Drummond's chart, Doctor.
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: (angrily seizes the
dialog: chart)
dialog: What room is it?
scene_heading: MRS. DONOVAN
dialog: Eight-O-Six.
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: I'm expecting a phone call. Put it
dialog: straight through to me in that room.
text: He strides off angrily, followed by an anxious Bock and
dialog: Barbara, for the...
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR, WEST CORRIDOR
text: Bock and Barbara hurry along in Welbeck's wake.
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: The son of a bitch has been draining
dialog: the company with phony purchase orders
dialog: on another company, of which, it now
text: turns out, his wife is the principal
dialog: stockholder! Transparent fraud! I'll
dialog: send him up for twenty years!
text: He wrenches open the door of 806, marches in, followed by
dialog: Bock and Barbara.
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR, ROOM
text: Welbeck advances on William Mead's bed, since he is the only
text: patient in the room. (Hitchcock is on the phone.)
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: Well, Drummond, you don't seem that
dialog: much the worse for the wear.
text: William Mead stares dully at Welbeck. Then he looks dully at
dialog: Bock.
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: (to Hitchcock)
dialog: Would you mind using some other phone?
dialog: I'm expecting an important call.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM MEAD
dialog: What is this? Who... who is this
dialog: guy?
speaker_heading: HITCHCOCK
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Yes, well, I'll be at the Nurses'
dialog: Desk, Sergeant. It would be futile
dialog: for me to try to explain this to you
text: over the phone.
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: (leafing through
dialog: Drummond's chart)
dialog: You've got a bit of fever, Drummond,
dialog: but you're coming along very well.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM MEAD
dialog: I'm not Drummond, you monkey!
dialog: Drummond's the other bed!
text: The phone now BUZZES. Welbeck and Hitchcock both head for
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: That's mine.
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: It's Welbeck here... Yes, Arthur, go
dialog: ahead...
text: William Mead is painfully trying to get off his bed.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM MEAD
dialog: I'm getting out of this nuthouse!
speaker_heading: BOCK
text: (pushing him gently
dialog: back)
dialog: All right, take it easy, Mr. Mead.
text: Hitchcock, satisfied the call is not for him, exits.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM MEAD
dialog: I came in here just to get a lousy
text: polyp cut out.
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Oh, my God, what do you mean? How
dialog: many transactions were there? Bu...
dialog: but Arthur, I... I borrowed against
dialog: that stock! I'm in the hole for over
dialog: three hundred thousand!...
speaker_heading: WILLIAM MEAD
dialog: (appealing to the
dialog: gods)
dialog: I'm a sick man! I'm supposed to have
dialog: peace and quiet!
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: (on phone and
dialog: apoplectic)
dialog: What do you mean, Brazil?! I just
dialog: spoke to Hogan's office yesterday,
dialog: and they just told me...
text: The phone slips from his fingers. He turns to stare at Bock
dialog: and Barbara.
speaker_heading: WELBECK
dialog: I'm wiped out. The S.E.C. has
dialog: suspended trading in my stock!
text: He keels over like a felled tree, falling face-up on
text: Drummond's bed, his legs dangling to the floor. William Mead
text: promptly hides his head under his sheet.
text: Bock moves quickly to the prostrate Welbeck, feels his throat
text: for the carotid pulse, pulls out his stethoscope, rips
text: Welbeck's shirt open, and listens for heartsounds. He picks
text: up the dangling telephone receiver, gets a dial tone.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Cardiac arrest, Holly Eight.
text: Barbara strips off her coat. She is still in nurse's uniform.
text: She leans into the hall and calls a passing nurse.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: We have an emergency here.
speaker_heading: BOCK
text: (rips off Welbeck's
dialog: natty jacket)
dialog: Breathe him.
text: Barbara helps Bock get Welbeck's dead weight onto the floor.
text: On his knees, Bock straddles Welbeck's prone form, balls his
text: fist and belts Welbeck on his chest. He begins intensive
text: heart massage. Barbara gets down on her knees, opens Welbeck's
text: mouth and commences mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. In the
text: background, the P.A. system blandly echoes:
speaker_heading: P.A. SYSTEM
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: C.A.C. Holly Eight. Please clear all
dialog: corridors.
text: Mrs. Donovan and aides move C.A.C. into the room, immediately
text: followed by Intern Chandler rushing past them.
scene_heading: MRS. DONOVAN
dialog: Where's Biegelman?
speaker_heading: CHANDLER
dialog: He went to lunch.
scene_heading: MRS. DONOVAN
dialog: Natch. Get that other bed out of
dialog: here.
text: William Mead, of course, is still huddled under his sheet.
text: He peers out from under his covers in wide-eyed disbelief
text: and ducks under again. Bock massages Welbeck's heart. Barbara
text: continues mouth-to-mouth. Nurse Felicia Chile hurries in,
text: pushing the emergency cart before her.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (to Nurse Chile as
text: others begin moving
dialog: William Mead's bed
dialog: out of the room)
dialog: Give him an ambu bag and an airway.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: What's been happening?
text: Nurse Chile has shunted the emergency cart aside to let the
text: bed out and is extracting an ambu bag and tube from the cart's
dialog: lower shelf.
speaker_heading: CHANDLER
dialog: (to Seventh Floor
dialog: Nursing Supervisor
dialog: just outside door)
dialog: Watch it...
speaker_heading: P.A. SYSTEM
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: C.A.C. Holly Eight. Please clear all
dialog: corridors.
text: Nurse Chile hands the Berman airway and ambu bag to Barbara,
text: who inserts the airway and the ambu tube into Welbeck's mouth
text: and pumps in air by hand. Bock massages away.
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR, WEST CORRIDOR
text: Mrs. Donovan and Intern Chandler finally get Mead and his
text: bed out into the corridor where they park it. In background,
text: emergency activity on all sides. The resident cardiologist,
scene_heading: DR. GEOFFREY MORSE, and anesthesiologist, DR. LAWRENCE LOOMIS,
text: both thirty-three, come hurtling around the corner.
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: In here?
scene_heading: MRS. DONOVAN
dialog: Yeah.
text: She follows Morse in as, from the lobby corner, two
text: technicians come racing a max cart and an I.V. stand before
text: them. Behind them, a bewildered Hitchcock moves into view,
text: trying to determine what's going on.
speaker_heading: HITCHCOCK
dialog: (to Intern Chandler)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: P.A. SYSTEM
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: Dr. Robert Jackson.
speaker_heading: CHANDLER
dialog: One of the patients had a cardiac
dialog: arrest.
text: Hitchcock looks down at the sheeted figure hunched on the
text: bed parked in the hallway and slowly pulls the sheet off his
text: head. William Mead stares up at him like a hunted animal.
text: Hitchcock covers Mead's head again.
speaker_heading: ROOM 806
text: Bock still massages, sweating bullets by now. Barbara works
text: the ambu bag. Dr. Morse is feeling Welbeck's groin for his
text: femoral pulse.
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: What do you have, Dr. Bock?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Total cardiac arrest.
speaker_heading: P.A. SYSTEM
dialog: (off-screen)
text: Dr. Rigby. Dr. Rigby. Dr. Lilac.
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: How long has he been like this?
speaker_heading: BOCK
text: About a minute. No pulse, no
dialog: heartbeat, no respiration...
dialog: If we can see anything of Welbeck through other bodies, we
text: notice almost all his clothes have been ripped off his body.
text: Dr. Loomis replaces Barbara.
speaker_heading: DR. LOOMIS
dialog: All right, I'll take over.
text: The two nursing supervisors have been getting the max cart
text: ready, snapping up the gateleg-footrest and attaching the
text: I.V. tube to the oxygen jar, and that to the ambu bag.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Endotrachial tube.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: (rushing in background
dialog: with others)
dialog: I'm sorry, Doctor, but we have another
dialog: emergency in 823.
speaker_heading: CHANDLER
dialog: Endotrachial tube.
speaker_heading: DR. LOOMIS
dialog: Shall we get him up on the cart?
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Drs. Loomis, Bock and Morse struggle to lift the the nearly
text: naked dead weight of Dr. Welbeck up from the floor and onto
text: the max cart. Dr. Morse has picked up Drummond's chart from
text: the bed where Welbeck had left it.
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: All right, who is this patient? What's
dialog: the story on this patient?
text: CLOSE-UP of Bock trying to hoist Welbeck and looking up
dialog: slowly.
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: Is this his chart, Dr. Bock?
text: Bock cocks his head to him.
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: What's his name? Drummond?
text: Bock looks across to Barbara, now helping out at the max
text: cart. She looks back at Bock. She shrugs. He shrugs. They
text: exchange a smile.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Yes, his name's Drummond. That's his
dialog: chart.
text: Straining under the effort, the three doctors get Welbeck
text: off the floor.
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: (studying the chart)
dialog: Oh Christ, the poor son of a bitch
dialog: just had a nephrectomy a week ago.
text: Mrs. Donovan exits into...
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR, WEST CORRIDOR
text: ...as Mrs. Donovan comes out, Hitchcock turns to her.
speaker_heading: HITCHCOCK
dialog: Was it Drummond?
scene_heading: MRS. DONOVAN
dialog: Who else would it be?
text: Hitchcock silently thanks God.
speaker_heading: ROOM 806
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: Pick him up. Put him on it. Stop the
dialog: massage.
text: Welbeck's body is finally on the max cart. Nurses and doctors
text: converge on him. Dr. Loomis sets about intubating Welbeck,
text: and the Nursing Supervisor begins clamping the metal bands
text: of the E.K.G. machine on each of Welbeck's extremities.
text: While all this goes on, Bock and Barbara have picked up the
text: remnants of Welbeck's jacket, trousers, shirt and underwear.
text: Dr. Morse is squatting by the max-cart reading the E.K.G.
text: script as it rolls slowly out of the cart.
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: Ventricular fibrillation. Get me the
text: paddles. Push another amp of bicarb.
text: The Nursing Supervisor starts applying electrode paste to
text: the defibrillating paddles. Another nurse measures off an
text: ampule of bicarbonate of soda which Dr. Loomis injects into
dialog: the I.V. tube.
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: Set it for two hundred.
text: Barbara unsnaps her father's valise and stuffs Welbeck's
text: garments in it. Bock takes Welbeck's coat and piles Drummond's
dialog: things on top of that.
text: The Nursing Supervisor hands Dr. Morse the defibrillating
text: paddles to place on Welbeck's left breast.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: That's two hundred.
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
text: Everybody bock away.
text: All back away from the max-cart. Bock and Barbara are at the
text: window, piled up with valise and coats; they look like they're
dialog: off for Europe.
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: One-two-three...
text: He pushes the defibrillating button, sending an electric
text: shock through Welbeck's body so as to bounce it into the
dialog: air.
text: Bock and Barbara remain at the window with heart-resuscitation
text: team in background. Barbara slips into her own coat, in
text: preparation for escape.
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: (in background)
dialog: Did he convert?
speaker_heading: DR. LOOMIS
dialog: (in background)
text: No, he's still fibrillating.
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: (in background)
dialog: Let's go to four hundred.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (sotto voce to Bock)
dialog: What do we do now?
text: Bock is staring out the window. Barbara stares out with him.
text: THEIR P.O.V.: looking down onto the U-shaped drive of the
text: entrance plaza of the hospital and First Avenue full of
text: traffic. A band of some fifty black and Puerto Rican youths,
dialog: including females and young white revolutionaries, most in
text: Che Guevara garb, have broken past the security guards at
text: the gates and spill across the drive. Some policemen and
text: security guards move tentatively out of the hospital to
dialog: intercept them.
text: The shouting can't be heard from up here. Off-screen we hear
text: the activities of the resuscitation team.
scene_heading: NURSING SUPERVISOR
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: It's four hundred.
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: Everybody back One-two-three...
text: SOUND of the shock.
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: That didn't work either.
scene_heading: FIRST AVENUE. HIGH SHOT
text: Low crowd noises. Bock looks out the window at the protesting
text: mob below.
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: All right. Let me have a c.c. of
text: Adrenaline and intercardiac needle.
text: CAMERA PANS SLOWLY UP over the melee in the plaza to the
text: fence. Barbara and Bock stare down at the crowd.
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: Stop the massage. Ventricular
text: fibrillation. Put another amp of
text: bicarb. Two hundred.
text: ZOOM DOWN into the maelstrom to FULL SHOT of the Reverend
text: Drummond dressed in Schaefer's white uniform, standing on
text: the slim island separating the uptown traffic from the
text: downtown traffic. Drummond is a private island of his own,
text: hands stretched to the skies. He is prophesying.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: (barely audible above
text: the traffic rumbling
text: heedlessly around
dialog: him)
dialog: Let those who are in Judea flee to
dialog: the mountains, for the age is closed,
text: the season of the seventh seal is at
dialog: hand!
speaker_heading: ROOM 806
text: Bock and Barbara slip through doctors and nurses, heading
dialog: for the door.
speaker_heading: DR. MORSE
dialog: Hang isopril, two in five hundred.
dialog: Let's take one more crack with the
text: paddles. Everybody back off the cart.
text: Bock, carrying two overcoats, and Barbara, wearing hers and
text: carrying her father's valise, exit into...
scene_heading: EIGHTH FLOOR, WEST CORRIDOR
text: ...as Bock and Barbara come out, the activity is normal,
text: with the exception of William Mead's bed along the wall.
text: Hitchcock and two overcoated men are in the hallway, and
text: Hitchcock hurries to Bock.
speaker_heading: HITCHCOCK
dialog: Is he dead?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: They can't get him out of fib. I
dialog: don't think he'll make it.
speaker_heading: HITCHCOCK
dialog: Thank God.
text: (sighs, turns to the
dialog: two detectives)
dialog: This should close the case, Sergeant.
text: Bock and Barbara hurry toward the elevators.
scene_heading: THE HOSPITAL, HOLLY PAVILION, LOBBY
text: The small army of militants and activists has broken through
text: the security into the lobby. Their entrance is greeted by
text: one small scream from a woman in the lobby. A LEADER of the
text: invading troop calls out.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Everybody take it easy! Nobody's
dialog: going to be hurt! We just want the
dialog: Director!
text: Others in the troop shout reassurances, but it doesn't really
text: reassure anybody. The lady in the gift shop closes her door
text: and locks up. People crowd in a solid block in the doorway
text: to the coffee shop to see what's going on.
text: From the long tunnels of corridors, nurses, doctors,
text: administrative personnel pause in their chores and errands
text: and missions to watch the tide of events in the lobby.
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, EXECUTIVE CORRIDOR
text: The exit door is wrenched open, and Bock comes hurtling into
text: the carpeted executive corridor toward the lobby, and at
text: that moment the troop of militants come rumbling in from the
text: other end. Every door of the corridor fills with secretaries
text: and administrators unsure of what's happening. Then, Sundstrom
text: elbows his way through the clutch of secretaries in his
text: doorway and comes into the corridor. He regards the militants
text: moving down the corridor toward him.
scene_heading: SHOUTING CROWD
dialog: We want Sundstrom! We want Sundstrom!
dialog: Community control! Community control!
dialog: Hip-hip-Hippocrates! Up with service!
dialog: Down with fees!
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: You people want to see me?
speaker_heading: FIRST MILITANT
dialog: Yeah, baby, we want to see you...
speaker_heading: SECOND MILITANT
dialog: We're taking over this hospital,
dialog: man...
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: I've had it up to here. I'm not
dialog: dealing with this kind of cheap
dialog: blackmail!
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Now look, man. Now wait a minute
dialog: there!
speaker_heading: FIRST MILITANT
dialog: We're looking for a hostage!
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Fourteen people just got arrested
dialog: for doing...
text: In the background, one of their fellow revolutionaries speaks
dialog: up...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Lookit, man, where's the TV camera?
text: ...but he's shut up by the Leader.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Would you be cool, man?
dialog: (now yelling)
dialog: Fourteen people got arrested for
dialog: doing nothing but living in their
dialog: homes, which you people threw them
dialog: out of.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Right on!
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: So now we're going to arrest you.
dialog: We're going to hold you hostage and
dialog: we ain't letting you go un...
dialog: Ambler, the medical student we met during Bock's teaching
text: rounds, pushes in front of the Leader to face Sundstrom.
speaker_heading: AMBLER
dialog: We, the members of the Doctors
dialog: Liberation Committee indict this
dialog: hospital for the criminal neglect of
dialog: the community in which it is situated!
dialog: We demand an immediate dissolution
dialog: of the governing and executive boards.
speaker_heading: SHOUT
dialog: What are you going to do about those
dialog: fourteen ghetto people?
text: As the shouts continue, Sundstrom raises a hand to quiet the
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: I am not going to do anything...
dialog: about anything.
speaker_heading: SHOUT
dialog: Yes, you are!
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: By God, if you want to take over
dialog: this hospital, you take it over!
speaker_heading: SHOUTS
dialog: We will! Right on!
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: You run it! I am finished! I quit!
dialog: You run it! You pay the bills! You
dialog: fight the city!
speaker_heading: MILITANT
dialog: We will!
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: You fight the state! You fight the
dialog: unions. You fight the community!
dialog: You... you think you can do a better
dialog: job, you do it! Now I am finished! I
dialog: quit! It's all yours!
text: Eyes filled with tears of rage, Sundstrom lowers his head
text: and moves into the mass of militants, which parts for him to
dialog: leave.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Quit! Quit!
text: The mass engulfs Sundstrom, moving back out into the lobby
text: with him, pushing him, shoving him, humiliating him.
text: REACTION SHOT of Bock watching it all from the far end of
text: the corridor. He closes his eyes and the pain of watching
text: all this shows on his face. He opens his eyes. The corridor
text: is now silent and empty. He hurries to...
scene_heading: HOLLY PAVILION, THE LOBBY
text: Bock rushes in, as the milling throng dissolves into the
text: bystanders, security police and city cops. Common sense has
dialog: settled in and the general tenor is to avoid any further
text: trouble. We can hear the rhythmic patter of cops.
speaker_heading: SHOUTS OF COPS
dialog: All right, come on... come on --
dialog: Let's clear the area. -- Come on,
dialog: let's clear this place... Keep cool.
dialog: Everybody keep cool.
text: Bock elbows his way through the throng as it drifts toward
dialog: the doors to...
scene_heading: THE HOSPITAL, ENTRANCE PLAZA. DAY
text: ...and goes through the gathering police. A mobile TV camera
text: crew and a few reporters are hurrying up through the gates
dialog: from First Avenue.
scene_heading: FIRST AVENUE. DAY
text: The Reverend Drummond stands, a solitary human island, among
text: the shrill ROAR of the city. The protesters protest endlessly,
text: CHANTING, SHOUTING. Absolutely no one pays any attention to
text: the gaunt, doctor-clad sixty-year-old man standing on an
dialog: island.
text: Except, of course, for Bock, who must pause to wait for a
text: red light. Bock hustles through the traffic to where Drummond
dialog: stands.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: Let those who are in Judea flee to
dialog: the mountains, for the age is closed,
text: the season of the seventh seal is at
dialog: hand! The age is closed! The season
dialog: of the seventh se...
speaker_heading: BOCK
text: Dr. Welbeck is dead. They thought he
dialog: was you.
speaker_heading: DRUMMOND
dialog: Yes, I know. We must arrange to have
dialog: his body shipped to my Apache village
dialog: where we will bury him with full
dialog: tribal rites. In a day or two,
dialog: somebody'll ask, "Whatever happened
dialog: to Dr. Welbeck?" And it will be
dialog: assumed he absconded to Brazil to
dialog: join his partner, the eminent
text: orthopedic surgeon, Dr. Noel Hogan.
text: Welbeck, too, was mislaid, overlooked,
dialog: forgotten to death, you see.
text: The ambulance pulls up and Barbara gets out of it.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (taking her father
dialog: around to the back)
dialog: We have to hurry, Dad.
text: The light turns green. The traffic starts flowing around
text: them, disjoined by the ambulance blocking one lane on each
text: side of the dividing island. An ambulance attendant has opened
text: the back doors to get Drummond in. Barbara hurries toward
text: the front, climbs in, holds the door open for Bock. He stands
text: a few paces back.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: I'm not going.
dialog: (he moves to the
dialog: ambulance, closes
dialog: the door)
dialog: The hospital's coming apart. I can't
text: walk out on it when it's coming apart.
dialog: Somebody has to be responsible,
dialog: Barbara. Everybody's hitting the
text: road, running to the hills, running
dialog: away. Somebody's got to be
dialog: responsible.
dialog: (across Barbara to
dialog: the driver)
dialog: Kennedy Airport. You've got a two-
dialog: thirty flight to make.
text: He turns, and the ambulance pulls away. Bock goes back to
text: the sidewalk where he meets Sundstrom, now wearing his coat.
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: You going back in?
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: Yeah.
text: They make their way back toward...
scene_heading: THE HOSPITAL, ENTRANCE PLAZA
text: The two physicians trudge across the U-drive.
speaker_heading: SUNDSTROM
dialog: (matter-of-factly)
dialog: It's like pissing in the wind, right,
dialog: Herb?
speaker_heading: BOCK
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
