text: THE CONTENTS OF THIS DOCUMENT ARE PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL
dialog: The Babadook
dialog: by
dialog: Jennifer Kent
dialog: Draft 6.3
dialog: September 2011
text: Developed at the Binger Writers Lab (Amsterdam) and with
dialog: assistance from Screen Australia, Screen NSW, Waking Dream
dialog: Productions and the Screen Australia Enterprise Program.
dialog: Producer: Kristina Ceyton
speaker_heading: Causeway Films Pty Ltd
dialog: © Copyright 2011
dialog: Studio 301, 11 Randle Street
dialog: Surry Hills NSW 2010, Australia
speaker_heading: M +61 400 535 025
dialog: E kristina@causewayfilms.com.au
scene_heading: INT. MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT
text: Black screen.
text: A rumbling sound. It intensifies.
text: A woman's face appears suddenly in close up, shocked,
text: disoriented. It is AMELIA (late 30s.) She travels fast,
text: pinned back to what could be a car seat. It’s not clear.
text: She is suddenly lifted up and around, her face tumbling
text: as if in a dryer, 360 degrees.
text: The image slows down as she shuts her eyes. Bits of dirt
text: and debris fly past her face. There’s no sound. The
text: effect is strangely beautiful.
speaker_heading: BOY'S VOICE (0.S.)
text: (Nearly inaudible.) Mummy....
text: Amelia tries to open her eyes, she continues to spin.
text: Her face stops tumbling and comes to an upright position.
text: A skidding sound builds in intensity. Her hand reaches
text: above to brace herself for the impact. She turns to look
text: beside her. Time is stretched.
text: She sees a man staring ahead. He looks terrified. A light
text: grows brighter. The skidding sound is almost deafening.
text: Amelia instinctively looks away from him, closing her
text: eyes. The terrible sound peaks, then slowly recedes.
speaker_heading: BOY'S VOICE (0.S.)
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
dialog: (Louder still) MUM.
text: Amelia hears the boy’s voice for the first time. She
text: opens her eyes as she ‘falls’ slowly back into space.
text: Finally, she ‘lands’. There is complete silence.
text: Amelia is lying on a pillow. She looks at the ceiling,
text: dazed. Her breathing is erratic.
speaker_heading: BOY'S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: (Very loud) MUMMY!
text: She sees her six year old son, SAMUEL, bedside. He's
text: small for his age, intense. A panicked look on his face.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I had the dream again.
text: Amelia makes one mighty effort to get up. Her fluffy
text: Maltese terrier, BUGSY, jumps off the bed with her. She
text: scrambles to her feet, stumbling on the way to her son.
scene_heading: INT. SAMUEL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: POV under the bed. The doona is lifted. Amelia and Samuel
text: peer underneath. The doona is dropped back into place.
text: Black. Closet doors open, Amelia takes a quick look
text: inside, Samuel checks everywhere. Amelia closes it.
text: Amelia is dark haired and wiry. Pretty, but nervous
text: looking. Samuel's little face is white with anxiety. He
text: moves back and forth from one foot to the other.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Can we check under the bed?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Patient) What did it look like?
text: Samuel shrugs his shoulders. He can’t remember.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Remember what we said? If you can’t see
dialog: it, then it mustn’t be real.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: It said it’s coming to kill us both.
text: His comment unnerves Amelia. She recovers quickly.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Very gentle) It’s just a silly dream.
scene_heading: INT. SAMUEL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Amelia searches through the bookshelf. Samuel clings to
text: her waist, not letting go. Bugsy follows them.
scene_heading: INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM - A SHORT WHILE LATER
text: Amelia sits up in bed, Samuel in her lap, the doona
text: surrounds them like a giant caterpillar. Amelia gives the
text: book everything she’s got, fighting her tiredness.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (In the voice of the wolf) ‘Well I'll
dialog: climb down your chimney you fat little
dialog: pigs!’ And he climbed down that chimney,
text: straight into the huge black pot . And
dialog: that was the end of the big-bad-wolf!
text: She closes the book. Samuel is still anxious.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Did they really get the wolf?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Reassuring) I’m sure they did.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I’m gonna kill the monster if it tries to
dialog: hurt you Mum.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Gentle) Nothing’s going to hurt me Sam.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I‘ll bash it to pieces when it comes.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Time for bed now, OK? It’s very late.
text: Samuel flips the pages straight back to the beginning.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Just one more time... Then I’1l sleep.
text: He won’t take no for an answer. She gives in to another
text: read. Samuel snuggles in close to her, wide awake.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (As bright as she can) A long time ago,
dialog: just yesterday in fact, there were three
dialog: little pigs and one nasty big wolf.
scene_heading: INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM - A SHORT WHILE LATER
text: Little legs wrapped tightly around Amelia’s waist.
text: Samuel’s face tucked in behind his mother’s. He’s fast
text: asleep, she’s wide awake.
text: His mouth, chewing at nothing, grinding away. The sound
text: goes right through Amelia. His breath irritates her neck.
text: His hand plays with her ear in his sleep. She peels it
text: away, puts it by his side.
text: She unwraps his legs, making sure she doesn’t wake him.
text: Amelia inches silently away from her son, her back to
text: him. Samuel doesn’t wake up. The gap between them widens.
text: Amelia curls up on the other side of the bed, her knees
text: to her chest, alone.
scene_heading: TITLE - THE BABADOOK
scene_heading: INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM/BASEMENT/LOUNGE/KITCHEN - MORNING
text: - Bedroom. A blaring alarm sounds. A lifeless arm pokes
text: out from under the doona, hanging over the bed. It’s hard
dialog: to believe someone could sleep through this noise.
text: - Basement. Child’s hands grip a large hammer. The hammer
text: is raised and comes down hard on a rusty nail.
text: Little hands pushing down on a join in two pieces of
text: wood, testing it for strength.
text: - Bedroom. The alarm keeps going. The arm has not moved.
text: - Basement. A cricket ball is loaded into a large plastic
text: cup, the cup is tied to a wooden plank.
text: A metal contraption being fitted onto skinny shoulders.
text: Samuel grunts with the effort.
text: Samuel’s serious face as he checks the apparatus.
text: His legs running up the stairs.
text: - Lounge room. Samuel’s head pokes out of the basement,
text: checking to see if the coast is clear. It is.
text: He pushes a key into the basement door, locking it up.
text: - Kitchen. Samuel’s skinny legs standing on a chair, his
text: top half obscured by an open cupboard door.
text: His hand carefully placing the key back on a key rack.
text: Samuel peers around the cupboard door, watching for his
text: mother. He closes it quick and jumps down out of sight.
text: - Bedroom. The arm is still there. Alarm still blaring.
text: A crashing sound downstairs. The arm retracts quickly,
text: like a crab in a shell. Amelia pops out from under the
text: covers, looking like shit. She slaps the alarm off,
text: listening. Another crashing sound, a bigger one.
text: She leaps out of bed, racing out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE ROOM - MORNING
text: Amelia reaches the bottom stairs.
text: Sam's catapult covers his body, comes up over his head.
text: At the top sits a plastic cup with a cricket ball in it.
text: The lounge room is a mess, swords, toy soldiers and other
text: ‘boy war paraphernalia’ everywhere. The big old tube TV
text: has been knocked off its stand and lies on its side.
text: Bugsy is in the midst of it, barking, wagging his tail.
text: Amelia struggles with all her might to hold her temper.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: It’s not broken! It just slipped.
text: She calmly walks to the TV, her movements controlled.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Reasonable) I don’t want you using the
dialog: hammer and nails-
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Wait look at this! When the monster comes
dialog: in the room-
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Not inside the house Samuel-
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I push down here-
text: He pushes down hard, a lever rises and launches the ball.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Don't!
text: It smashes a perfect hole in one of the windows.
text: Amelia stares at the hole, imploding. Samuel’s face
text: crumples with anxiety.
scene_heading: INT. SAMUEL’S ROOM - MORNING
text: Samuel waves his hands in the air. He has his school
text: uniform on finished off by a sparkly magician’s hat.
text: Bugsy is jumping up and down and barking.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
text: Nothing in my hands. Nothing in my hands.
text: Amelia kneels at Sam's feet trying to do up his laces.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Stand still please..
text: He does. For three seconds.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t want you making weapons anymore.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: You have to look at me. Mum? It doesn’t
dialog: work if you-
text: She pins him with her gaze.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Gentle) This monster thing has got to
dialog: stop. Alright?
text: Samuel waves his arms about. Bugsy continues to bark.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Nothing in my hands.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Firmer) Samuel?
text: POOF! A beautiful bunch of paper flowers pops into
text: Samuel’s hands, seemingly out of nowhere.
text: Amelia smiles in spite of herself. She takes the paper
text: bouquet. Sam touches her cheek very gently. She softens.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Closing her eyes) That feels nice.
text: Sam hugs her, she hugs him back. He kisses her cheeks,
text: grips her tighter and tighter. She hides her annoyance.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Restrained) That’s enough now..
text: Samuel won’t stop, he hugs her really tight. She recoils.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Snapping) Don’t do that!
text: Sam stops in his tracks. Amelia immediately looks guilty.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
scene_heading: INT. CAR —- MORNING 10
text: The car is a junk heap, inside and out. Takeaway coffee
text: cups, lolly wrappers, plastic containers, kid’s socks.
text: Amelia focuses on getting through the traffic. Samuel
text: focuses on the back of his mum’s head.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: If I fired nails into its chest, would
dialog: that kill it?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Miles away) Kill what?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Annoyed) The monster in my dream.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: It certainly wouldn’t make it happy.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: What about if I fired them into its head?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: That'd probably do it.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: If I fired them into its chest-
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Let’s talk about something else, alright?
text: Samuel looks out the window. Amelia keeps her eyes
text: straight ahead. Silence.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Quiet) If I fired them into its eyes, I
dialog: could run away because it’d be blinded.
text: Amelia stares straight ahead, choosing to ignore him.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Mum?
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL ENTRANCE/INT. CAR - MORNING 11
text: The decrepit hatchback rolls to a stop, standing out like
text: a sore thumb amongst the Mercs and Audis.
text: Samuel climbs over the front seat, just to kiss his mum.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Off you go. You’re late already.
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
text: He climbs back over, grabs his bag. It’s really heavy.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: What have you got in there?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: See you later alligator!
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MORNING 12
text: Amelia has very upbeat music playing full blast in her
text: car bubble. She sings along without inhibition, happy.
text: She glances down, notices a small cockroach on her leg.
text: She immediately stops singing, sweeps it away in disgust.
text: Then straight back into it, singing her heart out.
scene_heading: INT. NURSING HOME - MORNING 13
text: An ancient woman’s sleeping face, her mouth hangs open.
text: Another very old lady, her head in her shaky hand.
text: Cheery music plays in the background. Despite this, the
text: atmosphere is funereal.
text: An elderly man without his teeth in. He watches Amelia as
text: she arrives with a warm smile and two cups of tea.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Here you go Ron. Nice cup of tea.
text: He takes the tea offered, chewing on his gums absently.
text: Amelia moves to the ancient woman, staring into space.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
text: (Speaks lovingly, close to her ear) And
dialog: one for you Norma, that’s got milk in it.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Still loving) THAT’S GOT MILK IN IT.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: (Confused) I don’t want milk.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (In her ear) YOU SAID YOU WANTED MILK.
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: No, I don’t want that.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
text: NOT TO WORRY, I’LL MAKE YOU ANOTHER ONE.
text: Amelia gives the befuddled Norma a friendly smile.
scene_heading: INT. NURSING HOME KITCHEN - DAY 14
text: Amelia focuses on stacking the dishwasher, serious.
text: Robbie, a sweet, slightly chubby (male) nurse enters.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Just where a woman should be, in the
dialog: kitchen.
text: Amelia gets the joke, brightens up.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Responding) ‘Get to work, woman!’
text: They laugh. Robbie fills a mug with water and drinks it.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you want a cuppa?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Nah, I’m heading for the Dementia ward.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: You've got a few years before you end up
dialog: there.
text: He laughs. Amelia smiles.
text: Robbie hovers. Amelia stacks the dishwasher, shy.
text: Robbie eventually puts his cup in the dishwasher and
text: leaves. Amelia relaxes slightly when he’s gone.
scene_heading: INT. NURSING HOME - AFTERNOON 15
text: Amelia is playing ‘colour shape lotto’ at the games
text: table. One of the old ladies places a card on the board.
text: Pause. Amelia waits very patiently.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Eventually) That’s it Larry, your go.
text: Pause. He doesn’t put anything down. Pause.
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 10.
text: The woman next to him, head in hand, emits a low wailing
text: sound. Amelia politely ignores it.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (To Larry) Same colour or same shape or
dialog: both. (Beat.) I can help you if you like.
text: The woman’s wail rises in pitch and volume. The players
text: become agitated. Amelia can’t ignore it any longer.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Very patient) It’s alright Mrs Winter,
dialog: you don’t have to play. It’s OK.
text: The old woman wails like someone being murdered. Amelia
text: rubs her back tenderly, hiding every ounce of stress.
scene_heading: INT. WORK KITCHEN - AFTERNOON 16
text: Amelia is on her knees with her head inside an empty
text: cupboard. She scrubs as if her life depended on it.
text: Amelia's supervisor Beverly arrives, irritated.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY (0.S.)
dialog: Amelia.
text: Amelia bumps her head as she backs out.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY (CONT'D)
dialog: (Curt) Your son’s school is on the phone.
text: Amelia looks worried.
scene_heading: INT. PRINCIPAL’S OFFICE - AFTERNOON 17
text: Amelia sits opposite the principal, a tired looking man
text: in his 50s, and Sam’s teacher, a dour, middle aged woman.
text: The principal is grave, the teacher looks traumatized.
text: The principal lays down a sinister contraption made from
text: a belt, with some wood, screws and nails attached to it.
text: Amelia's face falls. This is worse than she imagined.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: This is the home made gun he demonstrated
text: in class today. It fires off nails.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Oh my God. Did he hurt anyone?
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: The nails could have gone right into a
dialog: child's eye. Or worse.
text: Amelia studies the gun, parental shame creeping over her.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Genuine) I’m so sorry. I had no idea.
dialog: I’m going to have a serious talk with him-
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: Mrs Vanek, we've had the talks, we’ve had
dialog: the sessions with the counsellor... Miss
dialog: Bowen can’t have the boy in her class
dialog: anymore without supervision, it’s just
dialog: too dangerous. (Carefully) We’re going to
dialog: have to employ a monitor for him.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: A monitor?
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: He’1l still be in the class, but he’1l be
text: separated from the other children. The
dialog: monitor will supervise him one on one.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: All the time?
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: Yes...
text: Amelia searches both their faces, becoming desperate.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Please. Samuel won’t cope with this. He
dialog: already feels so different.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: I understand your concern, but this is
dialog: the only way we can keep him in school.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Desperate) I'll have a talk to him-
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL AMELIA
dialog: Mrs Vanek... I'll have a serious talk
dialog: and I know he’1l settle
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: The boy has significant behavioural
dialog: problems. (Beat) Miss Bowen and myself
dialog: realize you’ve had a rough trot so we've
dialog: tried to be as lenient as we can...
dialog: 12.
text: Amelia’s vulnerable demeanour shifts, her face tenses.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Sorry?
text: Uncomfortable moment. He treads very carefully.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: Sometimes.. boys.. can be very hard to
dialog: handle when there’s no father around.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Oh I see. I’m a single mother so I can’t
dialog: look after my child, is that right?
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: No, no that’s not what I meant-
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Samuel doesn’t need a full time monitor,
dialog: he needs some understanding!
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Are you saying I’m not understanding?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Frustrated) I’m just saying he needs
dialog: more care at the moment, that’s all!
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: I have 24 other lst graders in that
dialog: class! Would you like me to put them all
dialog: at risk for your son?
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Please, let’s just keep I’m not a psychologist!
dialog: calm here-
text: Amelia stands, defensive.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: You know what? I think it’s best I just
dialog: look for another school.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: (Exasperated) Mrs Vanek, you can’t just
dialog: take the boy out of school. We’1ll have to
dialog: inform Community Services.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: You do what you need to do, and I'll find
dialog: a school that sees my son as a human
dialog: being, not a problem to be gotten rid of.
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: That’s very unfair. We’re only trying to
text: help the boy.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Please stop calling him ‘the boy.’ His
dialog: name is Samuel.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY - AFTERNOON 18
text: Amelia spies Samuel sitting with a 7th grader on a bench
text: at the end of the hall. She can see he’s been crying. His
text: eyes are red and puffy. She approaches, bracing herself.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Trying not to cry) I wasn’t going to
dialog: hurt anyone...
text: Amelia crouches down. She chooses her words carefully.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Very gentle) We’re going to have a break
dialog: from school for a little while.
text: Samuel’s face crumbles, his mouth opens wide in a silent
text: scream. Then the wail starts up. It’s devastating.
text: Amelia takes his hand and slowly leads him down the hall.
text: Her look of helplessness says it all.
scene_heading: INT. CAR —- AFTERNOON 19
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Trying hard) I’m going to buy you a big
dialog: tub of ice cream. What would you like?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Finally) Miss Bowen hates me.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: No she doesn’t. You just need a break.
text: Samuel doesn’t respond, just stares out the window.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Beat.) We can see Ruby and Aunty Claire
dialog: at the park today. Would you like that?
text: Samuel looks out the window, not responding.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: You can play on that swing you like. For
dialog: as long as you like. OK?
dialog: 20
dialog: 14.
text: He nods, warming up a little.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t tell Aunty Claire what happened.
dialog: I’‘ll tell her later...
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Are you gonna stay at home with me all
dialog: the time now Mum?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Smiling) We'll sort something out.
text: Her smiles sticks, but her eyes look worried.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMARKET CHECKOUT —- AFTERNOON 20
text: Amelia has vagued out. The ‘beep beep’ of the register
text: just white noise in the background.
text: She sees Samuel performing a magic trick for a little
text: girl near the bubble gum dispenser.
text: She pays as quick as she can keeping one eye on her son.
text: The little girl’s mother arrives, looking relieved.
text: Amelia rushes to Samuel at the same time.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: Watch this Mummy!
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Preparing) I can do it again!
text: The mother and Amelia register each other, smiling.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: No Samuel, don’t bother the lady.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (To her daughter) We’ve got to get home
dialog: and see Daddy, haven’t we?
text: The mother smiles at Samuel.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: My Dad’s in the cemetery.
text: The woman’s face drops. Amelia tenses.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: He got killed driving Mum to the hospital
dialog: to have me-
dialog: 21
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Samuel! (To woman) I’m sorry he just..
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Oh, that’s.. I... (To Samuel) Well, isn’t
dialog: your Mum lucky to have you then!
text: She practically runs off, clutching her child’s hand.
text: Amelia watches them leave, embarrassed, sad.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - AFTERNOON 21
text: Samuel climbs up onto the swing seat, looks to his mum.
text: Amelia sits on a bench with her younger sister CLAIRE, a
text: ‘young professional’, immaculately groomed. Claire’s 5 YO
text: daughter RUBY plays close to her mum, a total princess.
text: Amelia watches Samuel, massaging her jaw, preoccupied.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: The artist was so drunk he vomited right
dialog: in front of his own installation. We lost
dialog: all these sales. Robert was beside
dialog: himself... (Beat) You’re not listening.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Snapping to) No no I am listening, you
dialog: lost all these sales. What happened then?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (0.S.)
speaker_heading: MUM!
text: The women look up at Samuel.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m gonna jump on the monster and break
dialog: it in HALF! Watch...
text: He leaps. Amelia feigns interest, massaging her jaw.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Is that tooth still playing up?
text: Amelia immediately stops massaging.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: (Irritated) Go to the dentist.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Two thousand dollars later...
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Do you need to borrow some money?
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Bright) No, no it’s fine. I just need a
dialog: good night’s sleep.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Ruby don’t play there sweetie it’s wet.
text: Ruby stands up and smooths her skirt down perfectly.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Tentative) I was going to ask you for
dialog: one favour... I completely forgot there’s
dialog: a pupil free day tomorrow. Would you be
dialog: able to look after Samuel for the day?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: The whole day?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I can’t get out of work.
text: Claire hesitates for more than a moment.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT’D) CLAIRE
text: (Bright) That’s OK, I’‘ll —_........ Don’t be stupid you
dialog: organize something else. dag. I can just put ona
dialog: DVD for him or something.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I can jump from here and smash its head!
text: He’s climbed up higher, jumps, does a forward roll, gets
text: straight up to punch the air. Claire is unimpressed.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (To Sam) Be careful. (Beat.) What would
dialog: you like me to do for Wednesday? I can
dialog: get their birthday cakes, that’s easy.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Meels.... I’ve wanted to tell you. I was
dialog: hoping Ruby would change her mind...
text: Beat. Amelia waits for the bad news.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: (Sheepish) She doesn’t want a joint party
dialog: with Sam this year. It’s stupid I know,
text: their birthdays are so close.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Taken aback) Oh...
dialog: Pause.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: She wants her own birthday cake, her own
text: party games. She wants a princess party.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: That’s OK. We don’t have to come.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (Gentle) You can still come, stupid. She
dialog: just doesn’t want to share the day with
dialog: Sam anymore, that’s all...
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I understand. A little girl needs to feel
dialog: special on her birthday..
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Now I feel bad.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: You shouldn’t feel bad! (Lying) I’m sure
dialog: Sam will be OK with it-
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Mum, I can go really high!
text: They clock him briefly. Samuel climbs higher than before.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Maybe you want to celebrate his birthday
dialog: properly this year anyway. On the day.
dialog: You’ve still got two weeks to plan it.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Tense smile) We’1l think of something.
text: Samuel climbs up to the very top. The women don’t notice.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (Annoyed) You know Amelia, I just want
dialog: you to be happy, then this birthday thing
text: rolls around and I end up feeling awful.
text: Samuel climbs higher and higher. They still don’t see.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I don’t want you to feel awful Claire.
dialog: We'll be fine. We’ll be absolutely fine.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: MUM! LOOK AT ME!
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 18.
text: The women finally look. Samuel is on the top of the swing
text: with his arms outstretched. He must be 8 feet high.
text: Amelia springs to her feet, frightened.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: SAMUEL! !
scene_heading: INT. CAR - AFTERNOON 22
text: Amelia grips the wheel. Samuel in the background, crying.
text: Amelia makes a conscious effort to not react. Her jaw
text: tightens as her son’s cries get louder and louder.
scene_heading: EXT. AMELIA’S FRONT YARD - AFTERNOON 23
text: Samuel trudges up the path to their crumbling, falling
text: down old terrace. His face is tear stained.
text: Amelia stops at the letter box. A bunch of bills, one has
text: FINAL NOTICE written on the outside. She throws them in
text: her bag without opening them.
text: Mrs Roach, a sweet elderly neighbour, waters her azaleas.
text: Her hands shake with Parkinsons disease.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: (Smiling) Who do we have here!
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Downbeat) Hello Mrs Roach.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: You look tired little one, have you been
dialog: in the wars today?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Yeah. Few wars.
text: He has the keys in hand, he unlocks and opens the door.
text: Bugsy comes rushing out the door, jumping up on Samuel.
text: Sam crouches down to hug the dog, then goes inside.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Cheery, covering) He’s had a big day
dialog: that’s all, he’s just exhausted.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: Poor little one...
text: Bugsy comes rushing up to Amelia, she picks him up,
text: cuddles him affectionately.
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH (CONT’D)
dialog: You look tired too love, are you OK?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Nothing that 5 years of sleep wouldn’t
dialog: fix! (Upbeat.) No, I’m fine, work's
dialog: pretty busy.. (Changing the subject) I’1l
dialog: take out the rubbish for you Gracie.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: You just got in pet. You have a break.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: No no, I’1l1 do it now and then it’s done.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF MRS ROACH’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 24
text: Amelia drags out two very full and heavy OTTO bins.
text: Mrs Roach watches, smiling, her hand shakes at her side.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: Oh! You’re an absolute angel.
text: Amelia smiles, completely masking the events of the day.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE ROOM - AFTERNOON 25
text: Amelia sees Bugsy scratching at the basement door. She
text: freezes, watching him.
text: Bugsy spots Amelia and scurries to her. She picks him up.
text: Amelia looks at the door, her face strained. Pause.
text: In a sudden move she strides over and checks the handle.
text: It's locked. Relieved, she wanders out snuggling Bugsy.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN TABLE - EVENING 26
text: Dinner in silence. Amelia studies Sam.
text: He shovels food in weakly, his face tired and sad. He
text: looks up to his mum, manages a smile.
text: She smiles back. It fades as soon as he looks away,
text: replaced with worry.
dialog: 27
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: INT. SAMUEL'S ROOM - NIGHT 27
text: POV under the bed. The doona comes up, Amelia and
text: Samuel’s faces peering underneath.
text: Black. Closet POV as the doors open. Amelia and Samuel do
text: their nightly routine check for monsters.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Bright) OK?
text: Samuel nods, but looks nervous. He has his pyjamas on,
text: his hair is washed and combed to the side. Very cute.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: You can choose one tonight. Anything you
dialog: like.
text: He races to the bookshelf, searching through many books.
text: One catches his eye. The spine reads MISTER BABADOOK in
text: bold, black letters. He pulls it out, runs to mum.
text: She takes a look at the cover: a black silhouette of a
text: figure in a coat and top hat. It looks a little strange.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Bemused) Where’d you get this?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
text: On the shelf.
text: He jumps up, opens the book.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Reads) ‘If it’s in a word, or it’s ina
dialog: look, you can't get rid of The Babadook.'
text: It’s a pop up book. Looks like it could even be hand
text: made. Amelia turns the page.
text: A pair of black eyes peep out from behind a door, a tall
text: black top hat perched on top. It looks funny.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘If you're a really clever one, and you
dialog: know what it is to see...
dialog: Then you can make friends with a special
dialog: one, a friend of you and me.’
text: Amelia pulls a lever, a black gloved hand pops out from
text: behind the door, waving hello. Samuel’s face lights up.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘His name is Mister Babadook.
dialog: And this is his book.’
text: The book is beautifully done, but somehow creepy.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: We might read another one tonight, hey?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Turns the page) You said I could choose.
text: A little boy next to a big wardrobe, his hand to his ear.
text: The words ‘RUMBLE RUMBLE RUMBLE’ are written around him.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
text: A rumbling sound, then 3 sharp knocks.
text: ‘ba BA-ba DOOK! DOOK! DOOK!'
dialog: That's when you'll know that he's around,
dialog: you'll see him if you look.
text: Amelia pulls a lever. The words Ba BA-ba DOOK! DOOK!
text: DOOK! pop up. Samuel quickly turns the page.
text: Mr Babadook in his full form. A black top hat, a long
text: black coat, pointy black gloves. The face is a mask,
text: staring eyes, mouth smiling widely, more like a scream.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Wary) This is what he wears on top. He's
dialog: funny, don't you think?
text: Creepy more like it. Amelia turns the page, very wary.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘See him in your room at night (reads to
dialog: herself) and you won't sleep a wink.’
text: Mister Babadook falls from the ceiling towards the boy.
text: The speech bubble reads ‘LET ME IN!’ The boy screams. The
text: image is very disturbing. Samuel is instantly frightened.
text: Amelia hides the book from Sam, skimming it for herself,
text: concerned. He struggles with her, trying to see it.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Does it hurt the boy? Mum??
text: A black silhouette of the Babadook raising its arms like
text: big insect wings. It looks freaky.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (Getting scared) Where does it live?
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 22.
dialog: ‘I'll soon take off my funny disguise (Take heed of what
dialog: you've read...)'
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (Anxiety rising to fever pitch) Does it
dialog: live under the bed?? Mum??
dialog: ‘And once you see what's underneath..’'
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (Starting to cry) Mummy.....
text: She turns the page. Just black text on a white page..
dialog: ‘YOU'RE GOING TO WISH YOU WERE DEAD.’
text: She shuts the book quickly as Samuel’s cries escalate.
scene_heading: INT. SAMUEL'S ROOM - NIGHT 28
text: Amelia patiently reads another story to Samuel who has
text: his arms wrapped around her waist, howling with fear.
dialog: - A while later.
text: Amelia lies on her side, staring blankly at the large
text: teak wardrobe opposite Sam’s bed. The doors are shut.
text: Moonlight plays across it, making it look almost alive.
text: Samuel is finally asleep. He scrunches her ear in his
text: sleep. She lets him do it, too exhausted to resist.
scene_heading: INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 29
text: Amelia opens the Babadook book. The Babadook drops from
text: the ceiling, the speech bubble ‘LET ME IN’ pops up.
text: She flips the page. The silhouette of the Babadook
text: raising its ‘wings.’ ‘And once you see what's underneath’
text: She turns the page. ‘YOU'RE GOING TO WISH YOU WERE DEAD.'
text: She hurriedly turns to the next page. It’s blank.
text: Then the page after and the one after that, all blank.
text: She searches for publishing markings. There aren’t any.
text: - Later. Amelia stands on a stool reaching up to top of
text: her wardrobe, book in hand. She shoves the book back as
text: far as it will go, out of the reach of little hands.
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE ROOM - LATE NIGHT 30
text: The TV flickers, lighting up a dreary room. Amelia stares
text: at it, comatose. The rest of the house is in darkness.
text: Bugsy is curled up in Amelia’s lap. There’s a large empty
text: chip packet beside her. She’s now onto the chocolate.
text: On the TV: a sexy young girl in a low cut dress nibbles
text: some chocolate. A handsome, muscly young guy watches her.
text: Amelia nibbles her chocolate, vagued out. She flicks the
dialog: channel.
text: An ad for phone porn, young girls with their private
text: parts covered by ‘stars.’
text: She changes it quickly, this time resting on a love scene
text: from an old black and white Hollywood movie.
text: Amelia opens and closes her jaw, massaging the hinge
text: joint, a longing in her eyes as the lovers kiss. She
text: turns it off, plunging the room into eerie darkness.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - LATE NIGHT 31
text: The old house is completely dark. The stairs creak as
text: Amelia climbs them.
text: She closes the door on Bugsy. He hangs around outside.
scene_heading: INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM/SAMUEL’S ROOM - LATE NIGHT 32
text: - Amelia's room. A sewing basket in Amelia’s hands. She
text: takes off a top layer of fabric, then a layer of thread.
text: Finally she pulls out a vibrator hiding underneath.
text: She takes a look at the door then jumps into bed. The
text: room is dark, just a sliver of light through the windows.
text: Amelia reaches under the doona, wriggling around. She
text: throws her undies on the floor, determination on her
text: face. A hum begins, she closes her eyes.
text: - Samuel’s room. He’s having a nightmare, breathing fast.
text: His eyes open suddenly. He peeks out over the doona.
text: The doors of the wardrobe opposite are wide open, a
text: yawning blackness inside.
text: Samuel cranes his neck to peer in, terrified. He throws
text: himself back under the covers, disappearing completely.
dialog: 24.
text: - Amelia's room. Amelia’s flushed face pops out from
text: under the covers, trying to bring on arousal, almost
text: forcing it. The room seems alive, shadows threaten.
text: - Samuel's room. Samuel’s pulls a slingshot and some
text: metal pellets from under his mattress. He sits up, loads
text: the weapon, then aims it at the wardrobe, not breathing.
text: - Amelia's room. Amelia is about to orgasm, a pained look
text: on her face. She holds off for as long as she can.
text: Her door creaks opens, but she doesn’t see. A creepy
text: shadow drops to the floor and disappears. Her breathing
text: is very deep, she’s almost there..
text: The shadow jumps up on the bed. Amelia yells in fright.
text: It's Samuel. Amelia turns off the vibrator, flings it
text: under the bed. Bugsy runs and jumps on the bed too.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Flushed, confused) What!
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: It’s in my room!
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: What??
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: The Babadook!
text: Amelia registers what’s happening, shaking her head.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Oh no no no. This is not going to happen!
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
text: The closet doors were closed and now
dialog: they’re wide open!
text: Amelia calms herself down, fighting her agitation.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Sam, a book is a book. It can’t hurt you.
text: Samuel looks sheepish.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: You’ve had a huge day, you’re exhausted.
text: She grabs the doona and throws it over the both of them,
text: hugging Samuel to her, stiffly. She pats him on the back.
text: Initially he struggles, but slowly, slowly calms down.
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 25.
text: Finally, silence. He rolls over to look at his mum.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Loving) I don’t want anything bad to
dialog: happen to you Mum.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Nothing bad’s going to happen to me Sam.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I’m gonna protect you.
text: He touches her face. She closes her eyes, submerging her
text: resentment, bringing herself back down to earth.
scene_heading: INT. SHOTS OF HOUSE INTERIOR - DEAD OF NIGHT 33
text: The kitchen is dark and empty. Mess everywhere.
text: The lounge room is empty too, it feels spooky.
text: Not a soul in the hall. The old house is entirely still.
scene_heading: INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM - DEAD OF NIGHT/MORNING 34
text: Amelia sits up in bed, unable to sleep. She’s reading
text: ‘The Artist’s Way’, her eyes hanging out of her head.
text: Samuel is curled up beside her, fast asleep.
text: She hears a distant sound, like someone running around
text: downstairs. The noise concerns her. She listens for more.
text: Dead silence. Eventually, she returns to her book.
text: Another sound downstairs, a bit louder this time. Amelia
text: waits to hear more. Troubled.
dialog: Nothing.
text: She shuts her book, and pulls the doona over her head,
text: over Samuel’s too, a little unnerved.
text: Amelia studies her son’s sleeping face under the covers,
text: trying to gain some comfort from it.
text: The image of her face ‘speeds up’ as she drifts off to
text: sleep, it twitches and moves in fast motion as she sleeps
text: her way through the fastest night ever. She opens her
text: eyes, still under the doona.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Mum! It’s nine o’clock.
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 26.
text: She hurls the covers off to find the alarm blaring away.
text: She looks at the time. It is indeed 9 am.
text: She reaches for her mobile phone, on silent. There are
text: five missed calls. She checks the last one. The word
text: ‘work’ flashes up on the screen. She springs out of bed.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE HOUSE - MORNING 35
text: Amelia juggles her bag, her keys, Samuel’s things and
text: talks on the mobile all at once.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: He’s not running a fever anymore... My
dialog: sister’s going to take him.
text: Samuel sneaks past with his catapult. Amelia catches him.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Covering the phone) Put it back.
text: Samuel kicks up a fuss.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Put it back or it’s going in the bin.
text: Samuel’s shoulders slump, he takes it back inside.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Back to the phone) I’m sorry I couldn’t
dialog: get to the phone, he was throwing up....
dialog: No worries, see you very soon.
text: She hangs up.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: No monster talk at Aunty Claire’s
dialog: alright?
text: Samuel sulks, walking down the path, ignoring her. She
text: runs after him and grabs him.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Samuel. No Babadook, no nothing. Alright?
text: Samuel gives her a nod. She wins.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE CLAIRE’S HOUSE - MORNING 36
text: Amelia carts Samuel’s things up the long driveway. She
text: spots Claire waiting out the front of her semi-mansion.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What have you been doing?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Sorry.
text: Samuel runs up behind her.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Day off school hey?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I’m not allowed back at school anymore.
dialog: My teacher can’t stand me.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: That’s not true!
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: She told me! In front of the class!
text: Claire looks to her sister who can’t look back.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Is there a pupil free day today?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Low voice) I didn’t want to talk about
text: it in front of the kids.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: So you lie to your sister. That’s nice.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I just can’t deal with it this morning.
dialog: Please, I never ask you to look after him-
text: Samuel is showing Ruby some DVDs he has and is making
text: explosion noises near her face. She flinches.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Be gentle, will you Samuel?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Thanks so much for this. I’ll be back at
text: three on the dot.
scene_heading: 37 INT. NURSING HOME COMMON ROOM - DAY 37
text: Amelia has a microphone in one hand and a plastic bucket
text: with bingo numbers in the other. She looks frazzled.
dialog: 38
dialog: 28.
text: The oldies are scattered on various tables. Most aren’t
text: listening, a few are asleep, some have their numbers out.
text: Upbeat musak plays in the background.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Aaaannd, it’s number eleven! Who has
dialog: number 11? Legs eleven?
text: No one responds.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: OK, let’s try another one...
text: She reaches in.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: 88? Number 88? Two fat ladies?
text: After a long time one dedicated player holds up her hand.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Good Elsie. Another few days and someone
dialog: should be able to call ‘bingo.’
text: No one gets the joke. She reaches for another number.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Number 69? Not too much of that going on
dialog: in here...
text: No one claims the number. Amelia pulls out another one.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: The next number is 5 billion. Anyone got
dialog: that? How about 75 gazillion, anyone got
dialog: that one?
text: Some of the sharper members of the crowd look confused.
text: Beverly pokes her head around the corner. She gives
text: Amelia a disapproving look.
text: Amelia shuts up immediately. The musak keeps going.
scene_heading: INT. NURSING HOME KITCHEN - DAY 38
text: Amelia has her head in her hand, her eyes closed.
text: Robbie enters. She springs out of her contemplation.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Beverly’s not impressed with you having a
dialog: sense of humour. (Beat.) Are you alright?
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Bright as she can) Yeah yeah, I’m fine.
dialog: So how, how are you?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: You don’t have to be fine you know.
text: Amelia smiles, caught out. She drops her guard a little.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I am a bit stressed at the moment.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Why don’t you go home? Old cranky bitch
dialog: is going after lunch. I’1l cover for you.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: You'd do that? (Beat) You can have my pay-
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Don’t be ridiculous. (Beat) You’ve got a
dialog: sick kid. Life’s too short.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Smiling) You're so sweet Robbie.
text: He gives her a friendly touch on the shoulder, then drops
text: his arm, but stays close. Amelia shifts in her seat.
text: Robbie touches her hand. Amelia pulls it away like she’s
text: touched a burning stove. They’re both embarrassed.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry-
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I’m an idiot.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: No, no, you’re not an idiot. Not at all..
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (Nervous) We should do something
dialog: sometime.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Tense) Yeah sure. I’ve got a bit on my
dialog: plate at the moment, but we could have a
dialog: cuppa sometime or-
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: That’d be great. Maybe I can come round-
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Yeah. Or go out. Maybe later, sometime.
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Great!
text: It’s almost too much for Amelia. Robbie senses it.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You go... Say hello to Sam for me.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I will...
scene_heading: INT. LARGE INDOOR SHOPPING CENTRE (MONTAGE) - DAY 39
text: - Amelia wanders aimlessly looking at the life teeming
text: around her. A comforting distraction.
text: - Amelia sits on a bench eating an ice cream.
text: She notices an adorable baby girl at the end of the bench
text: sitting on her mum’s lap. The mum tickles the little
text: girl’s tummy. She bursts into peals of laughter.
text: Amelia connects with the mother, they share a warm smile.
text: The mother focuses back on her child. Amelia’s smile
text: drops slowly, sadness replacing it.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERCOVER CAR PARK - DAY 40
text: Amelia gets into her car. She sees a man and a woman
text: kissing in their car, opposite her. She doesn’t want to
text: look, but the passion of their embrace draws her in.
text: The man whispers in the woman’s ear. She laughs, kissing
text: him softly, then deeply, open mouthed.
text: Amelia watches, yearning, immeasurably sad.
text: The couple break apart. They happen to look her way.
text: Amelia looks down, not wanting to be seen. She rummages
text: through her bag, happens to look at her mobile. 10 missed
text: calls. She checks the sender. It’s her sister.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE CLAIRE’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 4l
text: Amelia arrives to a ‘scene’. Ruby is bawling, clinging to
text: her mother. Samuel is curled up in a ball on the lawn,
text: stressed and frightened. Claire’s face is a hard mask.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Where have you been! You weren’t at work,
dialog: I've rung you a million times!
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Bracing herself) What happened?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: He’s just scared the crap out of Ruby.
text: The little girl cries, her mother gently shushes her.
text: Amelia looks at Samuel. He’s spooked.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: He insisted on talking to this bloody
dialog: Babadook thing, all day. Just talking to
dialog: the air. It even freaked me out.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I’m so sorry.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You need to get him to see someone
dialog: Amelia. It’s not normal.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Quietly) If you don’t want him here for
dialog: Ruby’s party I understand.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Don’t be stupid. I just don’t want to
dialog: have to deal with this monster crap-
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
text: (From the other side of the lawn, angry)
dialog: IT’S NOT CRAP, IT’S REAL!
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Don’t talk to Aunty Claire like that!
text: She strides over. He puts his hands in his pockets, grabs
text: something and throws it at the cement in front of her. It
text: explodes with a bang. The women are stunned.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - AFTERNOON 42
text: Amelia grips the wheel, tense. Her eyes flick between
text: traffic and son in the back seat.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Where did you get those firecrackers?
dialog: 43
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: You got them for me on the Internet.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Well that’s the end of the Internet.
text: Samuel sighs. Amelia tries a much gentler approach.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Reasoning) If you keep talking to things
dialog: that aren’t real, Aunty Claire won’t want
dialog: you to come over anymore. (Beat.) Samuel?
text: No answer. Just stubborn silence.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: If the Babadook was real, we'd see it
dialog: right now, wouldn’t we?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: It wants to make us really scared first.
dialog: Then you'll see it.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Well I’m not scared.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL AMELIA
dialog: You will be when it creeps (Civil) That's enough-
dialog: into your room at night.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: You will be when it eats your insides.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Suddenly) I’ve decided you’re not having
dialog: your birthday with Ruby this week. No
dialog: cake, no games, that’s the end of it.
text: Samuel is crushed. Amelia keeps her eyes on the road,
text: grips the steering wheel, her knuckles turning white.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN/BASEMENT (INTERCUT) - EVENING 43
text: - Kitchen. A pot of soup boils away on the stove.
text: Amelia stirs, focusing on the task. She looks up, and can
text: just see Mrs Roach sitting in her lounge opposite,
text: watching TV. The sight comforts her. She smiles, relaxes.
text: - Basement. Samuel’s sparkly gloves clapping together.
text: Stuffed toys all lined up in a row. At the end of the
text: line, a photo of Amelia with her husband, OSKAR. They
text: have their arms around each other, smiling.
dialog: 44
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (0.S.)
dialog: Laayydees and gentlemehhhn! Mum and dad!
text: Samuel has his magician outfit on, sparkly coat and hat.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Life is not always as it seems. It can be
dialog: a wonderrus thing..
dialog: He does a quick magic trick. It’s good, he’s got a knack.
text: Bugsy is close by, sniffing around.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: But it can also be very trecheruss...
text: He throws two firecrackers onto the ground. They explode.
text: Bugsy is spooked and hightails it up the stairs.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (Talking to something we can’t see) Don’t
dialog: worry dad, I’m gonna save Mum. I’m gonna
dialog: trap the Babadook like this..
text: He runs to the stairs, and pulls on a rope. It tightens
text: across the stairs like a trip wire.
text: - Kitchen. Amelia sees Bugsy push open the basement door
text: and run through it. She’s shocked to see that door open.
dialog: - Basement.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: When he’s trapped I’m gonna KILL HIM!
text: A newly made nail gun is strapped to his skinny leg. He
text: fires it off. Nails fly through the air like tiny spears.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (0.S.)
speaker_heading: SAMUEL.
text: Samuel flinches. He rips off his weapons fast as he can,
text: hides them and bolts upstairs . He’s in huge trouble.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGEROOM - AFTERNOON 44
text: Amelia's face looks tight and strange.
text: Samuel is nervous, he jigs around on the spot.
text: She searches his pocket, he pulls away from her. She
text: tries the other one, pulls out a key. He’s very ashamed.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: How did you get this??
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I was just putting something back..
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: All your father’s things are down there.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: He’s MY father! YOU DON’T OWN HIM!
text: A knock at the door. Amelia marches towards it, opens it.
text: It's Robbie, flowers in one hand, a present in the other.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Just thought I’d see how you're going.
dialog: These are for you.
text: She takes the flowers limply, not knowing what to say.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE (CONT'D)
dialog: And this is for you matey. My mum always
dialog: got me a model aeroplane when I was sick-
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I’m not sick.
text: Uncomfortable pause. Amelia’s face burns. She’s caught
text: out big time. A huge wave of shame builds up in her.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Oh. I thought you were si-
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Suppressed anger) No, he’s not actually.
dialog: The truth is, he’s so disobedient he
dialog: can’t go to school anymore.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Indignant) You said that’s not true!
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: How many 6 year old boys do you know
dialog: Robbie who still believe in monsters?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Screaming at Amelia) I HATE YOU! (To
dialog: Robbie) She won’t let me have a birthday
dialog: party and she WON’T let me have a DAD!
text: Samuel bolts up the stairs. His door slams. A terribly
text: awkward pause.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I’m really sorry... If you want to talk
dialog: about it-
dialog: 45
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: No, I don’t. Thanks anyway. Thanks for
dialog: the presents.
text: Robbie just stands there, looking at her, awkward.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Flustered) I wasn’t expecting anyone
text: over. The house is a mess.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I don’t care-
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Snapping) I care! (Beat.) Please, can
dialog: you just go?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I, I..
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Please go!
text: Robbie leaves, embarrassed. Amelia shuts the door,
text: completely ashamed of herself.
text: She looks up and sees the door to the basement wide open.
text: She walks to it. Samuel has left the light on down there.
text: After a time, she forces herself down those stairs.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - AFTERNOON 45
text: Amelia finds the crowded space in chaos. Samuel has
text: pulled out all his father’s things, a desperate attempt
text: to connect. The sight of it all puts Amelia into a spin.
text: She races around randomly stuffing things back in boxes.
text: She clocks the photo of her and Oskar, walks over, picks
text: it up, puts it in her pocket, unable to even look at it.
text: She turns and what she sees makes her jump with fright.
text: Samuel has fixed a hat, shirt and trousers to the wall,
text: using his father’s things to replicate a person. A pair
text: of shoes rest under each trouser leg. Oskar’s violin is
text: out of its case, propped up against the wall, as if the
text: shirt arm were holding it.
text: Amelia's fright subsides overtaken by a terrible remorse
text: that hits her right in the guts. Tears well in her eyes.
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: INT. SAMUEL'S ROOM - AFTERNOON 46
text: Amelia hears Samuel playing on a kid sized electric
text: piano. It’s good, definitely music, not just noise.
text: She enters the room, he stops playing immediately.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: That was really good.
text: Samuel is mute. She walks to the bed, sits next to him.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Reaching out) Your dad could play like
dialog: that. He only had to hear something once.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Short) I know. You’ve told me.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Forcing herself) You can have your own
dialog: birthday party this year if you want..
text: Sam shrugs.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ve made some yummy soup. Real, not out
dialog: of a can. (Nothing.) And after dinner we
dialog: can play Monopoly, OK?
text: She smooths his hair gently. He doesn’t shrug her off.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: OK?
text: He gives her the smallest of nods. Amelia breathes a tiny
dialog: sigh of relief.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT 47
text: Sam watches his mum taste her soup. She bites down on
text: something. It hurts. She takes it out of her mouth. It’s
text: a shard of glass. Her tongue bleeds slightly.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Don’t eat it.
text: Samuel stops. She sifts through her soup. Another shard.
text: She tests his soup. No glass. She looks through hers and
text: sees more pieces. Samuel looks panicked.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you put glass in my soup?
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: The Babadook did it mum...
text: He gets up. Amelia searches his face for the truth.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: The Babadook did it!
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Unnerved) You go and watch a DVD, I’1l
dialog: make something else.
text: He looks like he’s about to jump out of his skin.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Firm) Just go watch a DVD Samuel.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT 48
text: Amelia fries some sausages. The TV is loud. She goes in
dialog: to have a look.
text: Samuel watches a magician DVD for kids, his back to her.
speaker_heading: MAGICIAN ON TV
dialog: Ladies and gentleman! Life is not always
dialog: as it seems...
text: Amelia looks at Sam’s little frame, so tiny sitting
text: there. Her mind is preoccupied, suspicious of her son.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS/AMELIA'S ROOM/SAM’S ROOM - NIGHT 49
text: - Stairs. Amelia trudges up the stairs. She sees the back
text: of Samuel running into his room. He shuts the door behind
dialog: him. Odd.
text: - Amelia's room. Amelia catches sight of something shoved
text: under her wardrobe. She bends down to have a look.
text: It’s a hammer. There’s a broken glass next to it, shards
text: of glass on the carpet. Her throat tightens.
text: She stands up, notices the bed. All the covers have been
text: pulled off and are lying on the floor. Amelia moves in,
text: spotting a photo in the centre of the mattress.
text: It’s the one of her and Oskar. Oskar’s face has been
text: scratched out with a pen. Her eyes have been drawn over
text: with black holes, the mouth drawn into a silent scream.
text: She strongly resembles the pictures of the Babadook.
dialog: 50
dialog: 38.
text: - Sam’s room. Amelia storms in. She holds up the photo
text: close to Samuel’s face, shaking with rage and fear.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Do you think this is FUNNY!
text: Samuel’s face drops. He runs straight for his catapult.
text: Amelia intercepts, trying to grab it from him. He
text: wrenches it back off her, a genuine struggle.
text: She bends down to reason with him. He takes the chance to
text: slap her hard across the face, then shoves her so
text: forcefully she falls on her back.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Violent) DO YOU WANT TO DIE!?
text: Amelia is speechless. She watches Sam load the catapult.
text: For the first time, she’s genuinely scared of her son.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN/SAMUEL’S ROOM (INTERCUT) - NIGHT 50
text: - Kitchen. Bugsy jumps up, trying to reach Amelia’s lap.
text: She ignores him, scratching her head, staring into space.
text: The lights dip in and out. It makes her anxious.
text: Suddenly that pain in her mouth again. She feels the
text: offending molar, wincing as she pulls and tugs at it.
text: - Sam’s room. He sleeps sitting up with his catapult on,
text: breathing too fast and shallow, dwarfed by his armour.
text: - Kitchen. Amelia scratches her scalp with her fingers,
text: as if to relieve the pressure in her head and jaw. Bugsy
text: tries to comfort her, but she’s in another world.
text: - Sam’s room. He wakes suddenly. Shadows in every corner.
text: It doesn't feel safe. He looks at the wardrobe opposite.
text: The doors are open.
text: Sam slips off the bed. Mustering all his courage, he
text: takes small steps towards the wardrobe.
text: - Kitchen. Amelia’s fingers scrape against her scalp. The
text: sound intensifies, the image so close it becomes surreal.
text: Her face, her eyes in close up, full of anxiety. The
text: sound of her scratching becomes deafening.
text: - Samuel’s eyes and face, framed by the catapult.
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 39.
text: The dark closet yawns open, a deep terrifying hole.
text: He lifts his eyes and face slowly, following something we
text: don’t see up the wall and across the ceiling.
text: - Amelia hears a terrible crashing sound upstairs. Then
text: Samuel screaming, as if he’s being murdered. She leaps to
text: her feet and is up those stairs in an instant.
scene_heading: INT. SAMUEL’S ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 51
text: Amelia finds the wardrobe, too heavy for Sam to pull
text: over, lying face down on the floor. His clothes spill out
text: underneath it. The room looks like it’s been ransacked.
text: Amelia can’t see Samuel. She runs to the open window,
text: then to the bed in a panic, searches underneath.
text: Samuel is squashed right into a corner. He still has his
text: catapult on. He won’t come out, clinging to the bed post.
text: She has to really take hold and drag him out.
text: She's never seen anything like it. His body is rigid in
text: her arms, his face a picture of terror. It frightens her.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Over and over) Don’t let it in! Don’t
dialog: let it in! Don’t let it in!
text: He starts to hyperventilate. Amelia carries him to the
text: bed and covers him with her body, trying to calm him.
text: Her eyes scan his pillows. Underneath one of them lies a
text: book. She can see the spine of it.
scene_heading: ‘MISTER BABADOOK.'
text: Her blood runs cold.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - NIGHT 52
text: Amelia throws the book down the stairs, pages flying.
scene_heading: INT. SAMUEL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 53
text: - Samuel lies in a foetal position and sucks his thumb as
text: Amelia pats his back, singing him a lullaby. Her voice
text: trembles as she sings it. Samuel stares into space.
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT 54
text: Amelia is in the bath, her knees up to her chest, crying
text: her heart out. She takes a deep breath, trying to calm
text: herself. It doesn’t work. She breaks out into fresh sobs,
text: completely alone.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. KITCHEN/FRONT YARD/HALLWAY - NIGHT 55
text: - Amelia takes the ‘MISTER BABADOOK' to the table,
text: opening it, becoming more agitated as she reads.
dialog: ‘If it’s in a word or it’s in a look, you can’t get rid
text: of the Babadook.’ She turns the page.
text: The image of the Babadook falling on the boy in bed. The
text: speech bubble ‘let me in!’ from the creature’s mouth.
text: She slams the book shut, tries to rip it in half. It’s
text: too thick. Determined, she rips out a page at a time,
text: tearing each one to pieces.
text: - Amelia shoves the remnants in the Otto bin, shuts it.
text: - Amelia carries the sleeping Samuel into her room.
scene_heading: INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT/DAY 56
text: Amelia watches Samuel as he sleeps. Bugsy is asleep in
text: her arms, his front legs poking up near her face.
text: The power surges, the lamp light flickers.
text: That sound again downstairs. Amelia’s face tightens. She
text: listens for more, holding her breath.
text: Nothing. Just tight and tense silence.
text: Amelia moves in to Samuel, squashing Bugsy in between.
text: She pulls the doona over her head. It covers the screen.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (0.S.)
dialog: Mum do we have to go to Ruby’s party?
text: The doona is dragged down to reveal Amelia’s exhausted
text: face. It’s suddenly morning. She stares at the ceiling,
text: then makes a monumental effort to turn on her side.
text: Her hand comes out from under the doona, reaches to the
text: floor. She picks up a present amongst the clothes and
text: books scattered there. The paper has angels all over it.
dialog: 57
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE’S KITCHEN - DAY 57
text: The present is passed to Ruby who’s waiting expectantly.
text: Amelia looks like she hasn’t slept in years, dark circles
text: under her eyes. Sam sits on her lap, fragile, withdrawn.
text: His arms around her neck. She suffers it in silence.
text: The middle class mothers surround her, all perfect hair
text: and white teeth. Beyond groomed. Kids running everywhere.
text: Ruby opens the present and is obviously disappointed.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: I've already got this Barbie.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Well now she has a twin. They can go
dialog: shopping together.
text: Ruby flounces outside. The other kids follow her. Except
text: for Samuel, who stays exactly where he is.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Go on, off you go...
text: Amelia's aware she’s being watched by the mothers. Samuel
text: won't let go of her neck, burying his face in her chest.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Laughing nervously) He’s just tired..
text: She peels his arms away. Samuel frets, starting to cry.
text: The mothers give each other surreptitious looks.
text: Amelia pulls Samuel to her by both wrists.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Measured) Go-and-play-right-now.
text: Sam leaves, half crying, half whining, looking at his mum
text: all the way. She tries to pretend nothing’s happening.
text: MOTHER 3 gives Claire a look. Claire rolls her eyes then
text: looks to Amelia who is staring right at her. Claire looks
text: away, caught out. Amelia is hurt and humiliated.
text: Uncomfortable silence.
speaker_heading: MOTHER 1
dialog: Claire tells me you’re a writer?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Nervous) Oh! Not so much anymore...
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: MOTHER 2
dialog: What kind of writing do you do?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Awkward) I wrote articles for magazines.
dialog: Some kids stuff but that was really
dialog: just.. I’ve written a novel...
speaker_heading: MOTHER 3
dialog: Would we have read it?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Embarrassed) It hasn’t been published.
speaker_heading: MOTHER 1
dialog: Oh. Never mind...
text: An awkward pause. Amelia's face flushes with humiliation.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: She's very talented, she just needs to
dialog: get back into it, that’s all.
text: Amelia becomes very uncomfortable, the focus on her.
speaker_heading: MOTHER 1
dialog: It must be very difficult. I do volunteer
text: work with some disadvantaged women. A few
dialog: of them have lost their husbands and they
dialog: find it very hard.
text: Amelia looks at Mother 1, her face darkens.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (Changing the subject) How’s Richard’s
dialog: merger going?
speaker_heading: MOTHER 1 (0.S.)
dialog: Oh! Good but his workload’s ballooned.
text: Tight on Amelia, fighting a growing anger.
speaker_heading: MOTHER 1 (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ve got the kids 24/7 it feels like.
speaker_heading: MOTHER 2 (0.S.)
dialog: Tell me about it...
speaker_heading: MOTHER 1 (0.S.)
dialog: I don’t even have time to go to the gym
dialog: anymore, it’s ridiculous!
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Blurting it out) That’s a real tragedy.
dialog: 58
dialog: 43.
text: The mothers all look at Amelia, taken aback. She stares
text: at Mother 1, her contempt obvious.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Not having time to go to the gym. How do
dialog: you cope?
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: You must have a lot to talk about with
dialog: those poor disadvantaged women.
text: Horrible silence. Claire gives her sister a death stare.
text: Amelia looks away, defiant, refusing to meet her gaze.
scene_heading: EXT. TREE HOUSE/CLAIRE’S BACKYARD (INTERCUT) - DAY 58
text: The large backyard is decked out with swings and a tree
text: house. A clown entertains the kids with a lame trick.
text: - Tree house. Ruby climbs up to find Sam hiding there.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: This is my tree house. I say who comes
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I’m not hurting anybody.
text: - Backyard. Claire kisses the other mothers goodbye.
text: Amelia fixes on the clown and kids.
speaker_heading: MOTHER 1
dialog: You sure you don’t want us to stay?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (Cheek kissing) No that’s fine. I’1l1 call
dialog: you when they’re ready to be picked up.
text: The women give Amelia a half hearted goodbye as they
text: leave, she returns it, embarrassed.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I can stay after and help you clean up.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (Cold) I‘’1l be fine.
text: Amelia doesn't go. The tension builds as they sit there
text: watching the children play in the enormous backyard.
dialog: - Tree house.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: How would your Mum know if it’s real or
dialog: not? She never comes to our house.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Mum told Dad she doesn’t want to go to
dialog: your house coz it’s too depressing.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: The Babadook would eat your Mum for
dialog: breakfast! It’d rip her arms off!
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: (Scared) Shut up!
text: - Backyard. Amelia can’t stand it anymore.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I never say anything bad to you or
dialog: anyone. I say one thing and I’m an evil
dialog: bitch.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You were bloody rude.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: She was so condescending! ‘I work with
dialog: disadvantaged women', give me a break!
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Shereen is a huge supporter of the
dialog: gallery, her husband is one of our major
dialog: investors, and she’s my friend!
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Those women look down on me.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: They feel for you in your situation!
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: They feel sorry for me Claire! There’s a
dialog: big difference!
dialog: - Tree house.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: I didn’t want you to come to my birthday
dialog: party anyway. My mum made me do it.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Well, I didn’t wanna come. It’s boring.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: No one likes you. You make up stories coz
dialog: you don’t have any friends.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I’m not making things up, you can’t see
dialog: things coz you’re stupid.
dialog: - Backyard.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I know what this is really all about.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Oh? What?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: As soon as anyone mentions Oskar, as soon
dialog: as they even so much as hint at it, you
dialog: can’t cope.
text: This hits a raw nerve with Amelia, she covers it.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: That’s not true.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I know he was the love of your life. And
dialog: it is God awful what happened to him. But
dialog: it'll be seven years Amelia, isn’t it
dialog: time you moved on?
text: Amelia struggles desperately to keep her feelings in.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I have moved on! I don’t mention him, I
dialog: don’t talk about him. What strain is it
dialog: on you Claire? I listen... I listen to
dialog: your life, day in day out and you don’t
dialog: stop to ask me anything about mine!
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (Defensive) I do ask! I want to know how
dialog: you are!
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Only if everything's fine!
dialog: - Tree house.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: You’re not even good enough to have a
dialog: dad. Everyone else has one and you don’t.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Getting upset) I do have a dad.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Your dad died so he didn’t have to be
dialog: with you. And your mum doesn’t want you.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Very close to tears) That’s not true.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Is so.
text: Samuel stands up, his hurt turning to rage.
dialog: - Backyard.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: You don’t come round to our house
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE AMELIA
dialog: And you know why that is.. I ask and you never come
dialog: round-
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (Snapping) Because I can’t stand being
dialog: around your son!
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I can’t believe you just said that.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You can’t stand being round him yourself!
text: - Tree house. Samuel lurches forward and pushes his
dialog: cousin, hard.
text: Ruby is knocked off balance. She grabs at the air as she
text: falls backwards right out the door.
text: Samuel face drops as he watches her fall.
text: - Backyard. Claire sees her daughter fall, turn mid air
text: and land straight on her face on the ground below. It
text: looks awful. Both sisters rush over.
text: Ruby stands up, in shock, blood pouring from her mouth.
text: Slowly, surely, she starts to howl.
text: All the kids stop playing and stare. Some get scared.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me have a look darling.
dialog: 59
dialog: 47.
text: She opens her mouth. A tooth has snapped off at the base.
text: Ruby is hysterical. Blood spurts out.
text: Amelia sees her son at the top of the tree house. He
text: looks scared and guilty as he climbs down.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: (Lashing out at him) WHAT DID YOU DO!
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Very upset, to Amelia) She said I didn’t
dialog: have a dad! She kept saying it!
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: (Through the sobs) He.. He... said the
dialog: Babadook was going to kill you Mummy...
text: She howls. Claire picks her up and moves swiftly into the
text: house. Amelia follows, shame and anxiety on her face.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (To Amelia) That bottom tooth is an adult
dialog: tooth! She’s not going to get it back!
text: Ruby squeals. Claire holds her tight and marches to the
text: front door. Amelia follows her closely.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay here and look after the children! Do
dialog: you want another one to get hurt?
text: Claire’s voice upsets one of the girls, the girl cries,
text: this sets another one off. The kids are scared.
text: She charges out of the door with her squealing daughter.
text: Amelia turns to see a group of children in various states
text: of distress. And in the middle is Samuel, completely
text: lost. He rushes in to Amelia. She pushes him away. He
text: runs to her again.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: GET AWAY FROM ME!
text: Samuel stops in his tracks, shocked and scared.
text: Amelia looks at the crying children in front of her. Her
dialog: stress reaching boiling point.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY 59
text: Amelia drives fast, stuffing her emotions down.
dialog: 60
dialog: 48.
text: A large cockroach appears on her bare leg. She violently
text: sweeps it away. It goes flying into the mess at her feet.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Crying) Mum.. I didn’t mean to hurt her.
dialog: She wouldn't believe me.. Mum-meee...
text: He starts kicking the back of her seat to get her
text: attention. Kicking over and over and over....
text: Amelia swerves to the side of the road, screeches to a
text: halt. She flips her seat belt off, turns around.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: There is no BABADOOK!
text: Samuel’s anguish rising to fever pitch. He screams and
text: cries, kicking the seat over and over.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
text: IT'S ALL MADE UP IN YOUR HEAD!
text: Samuel suddenly goes quiet. He looks to his right, seeing
text: something Amelia can’t see. He looks horrified.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (To the air) Get out! (To Amelia) Mummy..
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Frightened) Samuel, stop it now...
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (To the air, terrified) GET-OUT!
text: He goes red in the face, as if he’s choking. Amelia
text: watches, immobilized by shock.
text: A middle aged couple stop and stare, concerned.
text: Samuel kicks and punches, thrashing his body around. He
text: screams out in pain. Amelia desperately tries to help.
text: Samuel’s eyes roll back in his head, his body goes rigid,
text: his fingers splayed. It looks absolutely horrifying.
text: Amelia panics. She opens her car door.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (To the onlookers) Please help! There's
dialog: something wrong with my child!
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR'S SURGERY - DAY 60
text: An eye is checked by a sharp light. The pupil contracts.
dialog: 61
dialog: 49.
text: A tongue depressor is put into the child’s mouth.
text: A stethoscope against Samuel’s bare chest.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (0.S.)
dialog: Cough now.
text: Samuel’s throat showing the reflex of a cough.
text: Samuel looks to the doctor, an overworked, middle-aged
text: man. Amelia sits on a chair nearby. She looks wrecked.
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR'S RECEPTION/DOCTOR’S SURGERY - DAY 61
text: - Samuel waits on the bench, exhausted. The receptionist
text: gives him a warm smile. He doesn’t smile back.
dialog: - Surgery.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I'd say it was a febrile convulsion. The
text: brain gets overheated-
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Yes, I know what they are, I’m a nurse.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
text: It always looks worse than it is.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I’ve never seen anything like that..
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
text: He’s obviously suffering from a high
dialog: level of anxiety, very committed to the
dialog: monster theory.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: That’s an understatement..
text: The doctor stops to look at Amelia, slightly irritated.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: All children see monsters.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
text: Not like this. And it’s getting worse.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: He could see a psychiatrist. I have some
text: numbers. Takes a few weeks to get in.
dialog: 62
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Of course he needs to see someone. But
dialog: can I just get something now to make him
dialog: sleep? Just until I get an appointment.
text: The doctor hesitates.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Please. I haven’t slept in weeks. Neither
dialog: has Samuel. When we go home tonight the
dialog: whole nightmare will start up again and
dialog: I‘m-not-coping..
text: He seriously studies Amelia, sizing her up.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I can prescribe a short course of
dialog: Benzodiazepine, just till the tests come
dialog: back. These are very strong for children.
dialog: Most mothers aren’t too keen on them
dialog: unless it’s really bad.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: It’s really bad.
text: He opens his pad and writes out the script.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: They can make children feel
text: uncoordinated, foggy, maybe some
dialog: temporary nausea. They'll help him to
dialog: sleep though, that’s for sure.
text: He rips out the prescription and hands it to her.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s for one week. Half strength.
text: Amelia’s face relaxes a little. Problem solved for now.
scene_heading: INT. SAMUEL'S ROOM - NIGHT 62
text: Amelia has a glass of water and the pills at hand. Samuel
text: sits up, worried, looking at the pills.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Is there something wrong with me?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I’m sure everything will be alright.
dialog: These will help for now.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Why don’t people like me?
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Why do you say that?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Ruby said people don’t like me coz I’m
dialog: weird.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Sometimes people say things that aren’t
dialog: true.
text: Samuel doesn’t look convinced.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: You just need to take your medicine, have
dialog: a big sleep and not worry.
text: Samuel is suddenly very anxious. He clings to Amelia. She
text: tries not to tense up at his touch.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I don’t want you to die.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I’m not going to die for a long time yet.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Did you think that about my dad before he
dialog: died?
text: The comment hits her. She slowly pulls him away from her.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: You need to take these pills so you can
dialog: go to sleep. (Bright) I’ve got the day
dialog: off tomorrow. Maybe we can do something.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Will these make the Babadook go away?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I think so. But you have to promise you
dialog: won't mention it again.
text: He takes the pills in hand, looks at her seriously.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I promise to protect you if you promise
dialog: to protect me. Then I won’t mention it.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Of course I will.
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Sometimes people say things that aren’t
dialog: true.
text: She looks him in the eyes, as sincerely as she can.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I promise to protect you. (About the
dialog: pills) Come on.
text: He takes them, she gives him the water, he drinks it.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Anxious) Can you stay here with me?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I love you Mum.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Tight) Me too.
text: Samuel’s face drops with her response. Amelia tucks him
text: into bed. He doesn’t look at her, infinitely sad.
text: Amelia stands and looks at Samuel’s back, a guilty
text: sadness crosses her face.
scene_heading: INT. AMELIA’S ROOM - NIGHT/MORNING 63
text: Amelia sits on her bed, heavy with exhaustion.
text: Her face seen from above as she falls onto the pillow in
text: slow motion. The pillow seems miles away. A lullaby plays
text: on violin. Her face relaxes, her eyes close.
text: Finally she lands on the pillow, surrendering to deep
text: sleep. A soft, unearthly light plays on her face.
text: After several blissful moments, the lullaby ends. Amelia
text: opens her eyes and looks over at the clock. llam.
text: She drifts up to sitting. It’s quiet and calm in the room
text: and outside. She stands, her face is tranquil, dreamy.
scene_heading: INT. SAMUEL’S ROOM - MORNING 64
text: Amelia sees Samuel lying on his bed with his back to her,
text: completely still. She drifts towards him. His eyes are
text: closed, his face perfect, like a doll’s.
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 53.
text: She leans in to check he’s breathing. He is.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MORNING 65
text: Amelia shuffles down the hallway, yawning, content.
text: Three knocks on the front door.
text: She covers over her dressing gown, smooths down her hair
text: and moves to the door, opening it.
text: There’s no one there. She peers out onto the street. Not
text: a soul. It’s very quiet, strangely so. She stands there a
text: moment, puzzled, then closes the door.
text: Amelia’s almost at the end of the hall when it happens
text: again. Three loud, sharp knocks.
text: She turns, strides to the front door, opens it.
text: Sitting on the welcome mat is the book of ‘MISTER
text: BABADOOK.' Its pieces all glued back together.
text: The blood drains from Amelia’s face. She bends down to
text: pick it up. She looks on the street for any sign of life.
dialog: Nothing.
text: Amelia runs inside with the book firmly in her grasp.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE ROOM - MORNING 66
text: Amelia flips through the book, becoming more frightened
text: as she goes. She finds a new page with large angry words.
dialog: ‘I'11 WAGER with YOU, I'LL MAKE you a BET. THE MORE you
dialog: DENY, the STRONGER I GET.’
text: She flips the page.
text: The boy in the bed has been replaced by a screaming
text: woman. She looks like Amelia. The Babadook drops down
text: over her, the words ‘LET ME IN’ flying out of its mouth.
text: Amelia flips the page. The woman stands with arms
text: outstretched. The Babadook’s shadow rises behind her.
dialog: ‘You start to CHANGE when I get in, the BABADOOK growing
dialog: right UNDER YOUR SKIN.'
text: Amelia's hands shake as she fumbles for the next page.
dialog: OH COME! COME SEE WHAT'S UNDER-NEATH!
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 54.
text: She turns the page.
text: A huge shadow envelops the woman as she snaps the neck of
text: a little white dog. The dog looks exactly like Bugsy.
text: Amelia flips the page, not wanting but needing to see.
text: The woman strangles a boy with her bare hands. The shadow
text: holds her arms, forcing her to it. Amelia flips the page.
text: An image of the woman, her mouth open in a terrible
text: scream. She slits her throat, blood spurts everywhere.
text: Amelia turns to the final page. Just text that says
text: ‘IF IT'S IN A WORD, OR IT'S IN A LOOK, YOU CAN'T GET RID
text: OF THE BABADOOK.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - MORNING 67
text: Petrol splashes out of a can.
text: A pair of hands throw a lit match into the barbeque where
text: the ripped up book now lies. It ignites quickly.
text: Amelia stands back as the flames rise, watching it burn.
text: She sees Samuel at the back door, trying to wake up. She
text: shoots him a tense smile. He looks concerned.
scene_heading: INT. AMELIA’S HALLWAY/CLAIRE’S HOUSE - MORNING 68
text: Amelia is on the phone to Claire.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
text: She has to have a root canal and a crown.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I‘ll pay for everything.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You can’t even pay for your own dental
dialog: work, how are you going to do that?
text: Amelia doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I really have to go now.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Blurts it out) Claire, I think someone
dialog: is stalking me and Samuel.
dialog: 69
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (0.S.)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: A book turned up at our house.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I threw it away. But someone glued it
dialog: back together and put it on our doorstep.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE (0.S.)
dialog: A book? Amelia I can’t help you now-
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I don’t expect you to help, I just-
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: If you’re worried you should go to the
dialog: police. I’ve got to go. (Hangs up.)
text: Amelia puts down the phone, crushed. She stares at her
text: hands, black from the smoke. Silence.
text: The phone rings sharply, giving her a fright.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Picking up) Claire?
text: There is a silence on the other end.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Growing tense) Hello?
text: Finally, a noise on the other end, but not a human one.
dialog: ‘Babababababa dook-dook-dook’'
text: The sound rips through Amelia. She slams down the phone.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE MRS ROACH’S HOUSE - DAY 69
text: A door opens. Amelia waits there, a vulnerable smile.
text: Samuel is beside her, sitting on the doorstep.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: (Lighting up) Hello love.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Hi Gracie. (To Samuel) Up you get Sam.
dialog: 70
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: Oh he’s alright. You tired little one?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I’m exhausted Mrs Roach. I’m on drugs.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Explaining) He had a fit yesterday. He’s
dialog: alright, but we’ve had to medicate him.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: Oh, you poor little thing...
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Gracie would I be able to leave Samuel
dialog: with you for an hour or so? I’ve got to
dialog: do something and he can’t come along.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: Yes of course. Are you alright?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Upbeat) I’m fine. I normally wouldn't
dialog: ask you to look after him-
speaker_heading: MRS ROCHE AMELIA
dialog: (Genuine) That’s no problem Claire’s busy. I normally
dialog: at all- wouldn’t ask for help.
text: Mrs Roach reaches out taking Amelia’s hand.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: It’s not a crime to ask for help love.
text: Amelia tries with all her might not to cry.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - DAY 70
text: Amelia enters, intimidated by the surroundings.
text: There are three policemen on duty, one older sergeant at
text: the front desk, and two in the back who don’t look old
text: enough to be working. They all look bored.
text: Amelia shuffles up to the counter.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Hi. I want to report someone stalking me
dialog: and my child.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (Starts writing) When did the incident
dialog: occur Madam?
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: It started this week.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Can you tell us what happened?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Someone sent me a.. a children’s book.
text: The teenage cops stifle a laugh. Amelia sees it. The
text: Sergeant gives them a quick, stern look.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Directed at the two in the back) And it
text: contained violent and graphic images of
dialog: my child and me being murdered.
text: The two in the back instantly stop smiling.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Can we have a look at the book please?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Sheepish) I burnt it.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (Deflated) You burnt it.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Well, unfortunately there’s nothing we
dialog: can do about it.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: He’s making phone calls to me as well.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: What’s he saying?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
text: Nothing, he’s just making noises.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: How do you know it’s the same person?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Because of what he wrote in the book!
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: The book you burnt.
dialog: 71
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Defeated) Yes.....
text: She looks past the policemen in the back and sees a coat
text: rack. On the rack hangs a long black coat. Perched right
text: on top of the coat is an old fashioned black top hat.
text: Just like the coat and hat in the book.
text: Amelia looks suddenly frightened. The Sergeant notes it.
text: He looks at her hands on the counter, black from the
text: fire. Amelia retracts them, trying to remain composed.
text: She straightens her hair, the hair she didn’t brush this
text: morning. The Sergeant doesn’t take his eyes from her.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Are you having a hard time at the moment,
dialog: love?
text: She looks to the hat and coat, then back to the Sergeant,
text: trying to concentrate.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: OK, thanks, don’t worry about it.
text: She almost runs out.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE MRS ROACH’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 71
text: Samuel trudges towards his mum coming down the path.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: Did you get your things done?
text: Amelia nods, trying to appear relaxed.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Mrs Roach has Parkingsuns, that’s why she
text: shakes all the time like she’s dancing.
speaker_heading: AMELIA SAMUEL
dialog: Samuel- It might get worse but it
dialog: won’t get better-
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: You don’t have to say everything that
dialog: comes into your head!
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: It's alright love. He wanted to know, so
dialog: we talked about it.
text: Amelia checks herself. Samuel trudges back home, tired.
dialog: 72
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH (CONT’D)
dialog: He sees things as they are, that one. His
dialog: dad was the same, always spoke his mind.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Snapping) I'd rather not talk about his
dialog: dad. It’s been seven years!
text: She walks off without a goodbye. Mrs Roach looks after
text: Amelia, concerned by her uncharacteristic response.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE ROOM/KITCHEN/HALLWAY - DAY 72
text: - Amelia passes Samuel lying on the couch, already half
text: asleep. Her tooth is giving her a massive migraine.
text: - Bugsy is in the kitchen, barking nonstop. She tries to
text: move closer to him, he runs straight past her outside.
text: It looks like a bomb’s gone off. Food in the sink, mess
text: everywhere. She pauses for a moment, overwhelmed.
text: Something tickles her arm. It’s a cockroach. She jumps,
text: flicking it off in disgust. It falls to the floor.
text: She notices another one on the floor nearby. Then
text: another. About six or seven of the bastards. They seem to
text: be coming from behind the fridge.
text: Amelia pulls the fridge out from the wall. The wallpaper
text: is torn in one place. A cockroach pops out of it. It
text: disgusts her. She starts to peel back the paper.
text: A hole in the wall. It’s filled with cockroaches. They
text: crawl out, some dropping at her feet. She has to stop
text: from vomiting as she runs for a broom.
text: Samuel appears at the door.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Don’t come in here!
text: - Later. The contents of the fridge have been turfed out
text: onto the benches. It looks even messier than before.
text: Amelia has an old dress on and large rubber gloves. She
text: looks completely dishevelled, manically cleaning.
text: Suddenly, three knocks at the door. Amelia freezes.
text: A pause. The three knocks come again.
text: She creeps past a sleeping Samuel on the couch, towards
text: the front door, her broom as a weapon.
dialog: 60.
text: Amelia looks through the peephole.
text: Two strangers at the door, a man and a woman.
text: Amelia opens the door.
text: The people look Amelia up and down. The old dress, the
text: gloves, her dishevelled hair.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Terse) I don’t want to buy anything.
speaker_heading: WELFARE MAN
dialog: Are you Amelia Vanek?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Suddenly nervous) Yes.
speaker_heading: WELFARE MAN
dialog: I’m Warren Newton and this is Prue
dialog: Flannery from the Department of Community
dialog: Services. The Babbage Bay Primary School
dialog: has asked us to stop in and say hello.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: My son has only been away two days.
speaker_heading: WELFARE MAN
dialog: He’s not actually registered at Babbage
dialog: Bay anymore. If I could just come in,
dialog: meet Samuel and get you to look at these
dialog: papers, that’d be terrific.
text: Amelia manages to give them a feeble smile.
text: - Lounge room. The welfare pair scrutinize their
text: surrounds, both noticing the smashed window, now patched
text: up with plastic and duct tape.
text: Amelia is suddenly very self conscious.
text: Bugsy comes out, barking loudly. Samuel wakes up, groggy.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Bugsy! Sshh! That’s enough.
text: Bugsy runs away when Amelia tries to pick him up.
speaker_heading: WELFARE WOMAN
dialog: Hello Samuel. I’m Prue and this is
dialog: Warren.
text: Samuel sits up. She puts out her hand, he shakes it.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: WELFARE WOMAN
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I'm a bit tired from the drugs Mum gave
dialog: me.
text: They both look to Amelia with concern.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
text: Not ‘drugs’, tranquillizers.
text: Their concern grows.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Quickly) From the doctor. He had a fit
dialog: yesterday.
text: Bugsy barks, Amelia tries to grab him, he runs outside.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I feel really tired akshally.
speaker_heading: WELFARE WOMAN
dialog: That’s no good.
text: The welfare woman throws Amelia a disapproving glance.
text: She looks into the kitchen chaos.
speaker_heading: WELFARE WOMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: (To Amelia) May I have a glass of water?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Yes, of course. I'll just get you one.
text: Amelia darts into the kitchen. The welfare people follow.
text: They notice a mound of wallpaper on the floor.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's a real mess, I know. I’ve just found
dialog: a cockroach infestation. I normally keep
dialog: the house sprayed, I DID spray it already
dialog: actually! There’s a big hole in the wall
dialog: behind the fridge, that’s why I..
text: Amelia shows them to the area behind the fridge.
text: There’s no hole in the wall, just a mound of wallpaper at
text: their feet. No cockroaches. Amelia is gob smacked.
text: The two welfare people sneak a look at each other.
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn’t mean a hole in the wall, there
text: was a hole in the wall paper. They were
dialog: laying their eggs in there, I think.
text: She smiles, very nervous. They smile back, politely.
speaker_heading: WELFARE MAN
dialog: We've caught you at a bad time. I'll
dialog: leave some information for you to read
dialog: over, we can come back in a week to talk
dialog: through your options. Here’s my card.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (0.S.)
dialog: Mum.
text: All three adults look to Samuel.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: I think I’m gonna vomit.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. OUTSIDE HOUSE/LOUNGE ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON 73
text: - Outside. Amelia stuffs all the wallpaper in the bin.
text: - Lounge room, soon after. Samuel is once again fast
text: asleep on the couch. It’s just starting to get dark.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN/LOUNGE ROOM - EVENING 74
text: Amelia is washing dishes. She can see Mrs Roach watching
text: TV in her lounge room. She smiles, comforted by the
text: familiar sight. Time stretches.
text: She looks into the soapy water. The splashing sound, the
text: warmth calms her. She pulls out a plate, looks up again.
text: Standing in the shadows, behind Mrs Roach, is the half
text: visible form of the Babadook. The black shadowy coat, the
text: tall top hat, the long black gloves can just be seen.
text: It appears to be looking right at her.
text: Amelia drops the plate into the sink.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (0.S.)
dialog: Mum.
text: Amelia starts and looks at Samuel at the kitchen door.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (Exhausted) I’m gonna go to bed.
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Ah... It’s only 6 o'clock. Don’t you want
dialog: to stay up with your Mum for a while?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: No..
text: He turns and leaves. Amelia looks back out the window. No
text: Babadook. Just Mrs Roach sitting with a cup of tea.
text: She turns and follows Sam into the lounge, on edge.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Desperate) If you go to bed now, the
dialog: pills won't work properly. You have to
dialog: stay up for a while sweetheart.
text: Samuel sighs. He drags himself onto the couch again.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE ROOM - EVENING 75
text: Samuel finishes off a magic trick, his heart’s not in it.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: What about another one?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Cranky) No Mum!
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE ROOM/BATHROOM/AMELIA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 76
text: - Samuel is on the couch half asleep, watching a video.
text: Amelia stares at the screen but doesn’t take it in.
text: She looks into the mess of the kitchen, fear on her face.
text: She turns up the volume on the TV, Samuel stirs.
text: - Bathroom. Samuel is almost asleep in the bath. Amelia
text: washes his back vigorously.
text: - Bedroom. Amelia reads. Sam barely has his eyes open.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: -.-and lived happily in a beautiful
dialog: palace for the rest of their days.’ THE
speaker_heading: END.
text: Samuel is asleep. Amelia stares at the end of her bed,
text: the light of the lamp bleeding into the darkness beyond.
text: The lights flicker. The bedside light buzzes softly, then
text: gets louder. Amelia flicks her arm out and turns it off.
dialog: 77
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM - LATER 77
text: Amelia lies wide awake in bed on her side. Samuel is out
text: to it. She turns over, restless, staring at the ceiling.
text: That sound downstairs again. Only this time, it comes up
text: the stairs and stops outside her door. Amelia freezes.
text: A slight scratching sound at the door. She starts to
text: panic, the scratching gets louder.
text: She hears a whimpering. It’s the dog.
text: She springs out of bed and opens the door, relieved.
text: Bugsy runs in, jumps straight up on the bed, finds a spot
text: near Samuel and settles. Amelia jumps under the covers.
text: Silence. Darkness. Amelia’s eyes flicking, nervous.
text: The scratching starts up again, only this time it can’t
text: be the dog. Amelia stares at the door unable to move.
text: The door clicks and moves open by itself. Amelia watches,
text: her heart in her throat. The rustling, scratching sound
text: moves inside the room. Amelia slips the covers over her
text: head, terrified. She can’t see anything now.
text: The sound appears to be moving closer.
text: After an age, Amelia pulls down the duvet, unable to
text: stand it anymore. She peers into the terrible darkness.
text: Something large and black lurks in one corner on the
text: ceiling. She can’t make out what it is. Time stops.
text: The shadow scuttles quickly across the ceiling. It stops
text: right above her head. Amelia is paralyzed by fear. She
text: hears a rasping sound. The thing appears to be breathing.
text: Her hand reaches for the bedside lamp. Her eyes are fixed
text: on the dreaded shadow right above her head.
text: Before she can get there, the thing drops down right on
text: top of her. She sees its hideous, mask like face
text: millimetres from her own; the black eyes, the mouth
text: wrenched open in a permanent, silent scream. She takes a
text: huge breath, as if breathing the thing in, terrorized.
text: Amelia switches on the lamp, springs out of bed and turns
text: on the overhead light. Bugsy barks. Samuel wakes.
text: There’s nothing there. Samuel sits up, trying to focus.
dialog: 78
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: We're going downstairs.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Because we are!
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE ROOM - NIGHT/MORNING 78
text: Amelia turns every lounge light on. She moves to the
text: kitchen, turns the lights on there. Samuel watches,
text: groggy. Bugsy follows Amelia, barking continuously.
text: - Later. All the lights still on. The TV is up loud.
text: Amelia tries desperately to stay awake, absently hitting
text: the remote. Commercials, nature program, soap opera.
text: An old black and white George Méliés clip appears on the
text: screen. Beautiful silent images, childlike but slightly
text: disturbing. Just like the Babadook book. A weird tinkling
text: lullaby accompanies them, seducing her to sleep.
text: She fights it, her head nodding forward and back, a
text: drowsy agitation, desperate to stay awake.
text: The Méliés images stream in front of her. People
text: dismembered, heads growing larger and smaller, old style
text: cinema tricks. Strange and sinister.
text: Emotions pass over Amelia’s face as she watches,
text: agitation, amusement, exhaustion, fear. Something is
text: brewing. She jerks forward and back, her eyes heavy.
text: Her face speeds up. It looks bizarre. The tinkly piano
text: music continues to play. And still she doesn’t sleep.
text: Amelia's face returns to normal speed, she looks around.
text: The sun is coming through the windows. It’s already
text: morning. She leans over. Something doesn’t feel right.
text: She looks to Samuel asleep on the couch, his back to her.
text: Bugsy peers over Samuel, studying Amelia with caution.
text: She returns the dog’s stare, unblinking. There’s an eery
text: silence in the room. She looks at the TV. It’s on mute.
text: Amelia suddenly lurches forward and manages to stand. She
text: centres herself momentarily, then shuffles to the stairs.
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: INT. AMELIA’S ROOM - MORNING 79
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Into mobile) Hi Beverly, it’s Amelia.
text: Pause. Amelia looks exhausted and strange.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Flat) I can’t come in today, I think
dialog: I’ve caught what my son had... I don’t
dialog: want to give it to anyone at work...
dialog: Alright, give all my shifts to someone
dialog: else, that’s just what I need... I can’t
dialog: help it if I’m sick, what do you expect
dialog: me to do?... You do that!
text: She throws the phone on the bedside table, sits down
text: heavily on the bed, her head in her hands.
text: She lies on her side, pulls up the covers, stares at the
text: wall, her eyes zombie like. They eventually close.
text: Silence. And finally, sleep.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (0.S.)
dialog: Mum....
text: Amelia's eyes spring open. She doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (0.S) (CONT'D)
dialog: I took my pills, but now I feel sick
dialog: again. (Pause.) I need to eat something..
text: Amelia's eyes fill with resentment. She closes them.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I couldn't find any food in the fridge.
text: Her eyes snap open, staring, cold.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: You said to have them with food.
text: Amelia's face hardens, a buried fury surfacing.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m really hungry Mum.
text: She sits up suddenly, facing Samuel. She looks odd.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Why do you have to talk-talk-talk all the
dialog: time? Don’t you ever STOP TALKING?
text: Samuel is taken aback by his mother’s tone.
dialog: 80
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I was just-—
speaker_heading: AMELIA
scene_heading: I-NEED-TO-SLEEP.
text: She looks fierce. Samuel is unnerved.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I’m sorry Mummy, I was just hungry.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Frightening) If you're that hungry, why
dialog: don’t you go and EAT SHIT!
text: Samuel backs away through the door, genuinely scared.
text: Amelia lies back down, pulling the sheets over her.
text: After a moment, she realizes with absolute shame what
text: she’s just done. It rattles her.
scene_heading: INT. SAMUEL'S ROOM - MORNING 80
text: Amelia arrives at the door, sheepish. She sees Samuel on
text: his bed, head down. He tries desperately not to cry. His
text: body tenses as she comes near, he’s scared of her.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I’m so sorry. I don’t know why I said
dialog: that. That was terrible.
text: Samuel doesn’t look at her. He starts to cry. It’s heart
text: wrenching, Amelia feels it.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's just... I’ve had absolutely no
dialog: sleep... I didn’t know what I was saying.
text: Samuel tries to stop crying, he can’t.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll cook you something. What would you
dialog: like? You can have anything at all.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Crying) I’m not hungry anymore.
text: She puts her arm around him. He wriggles away from her.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Ashamed) I can understand you being
dialog: upset. I would be if I were you..
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 68.
text: Amelia searches for the right words to placate him.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: We need to get out of this house... Would
dialog: you like to go to McDonalds?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: You said McDonalds is bad for you.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Once in a while doesn’t hurt.
text: Samuel calms down a little.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: You can have whatever you want, alright?
dialog: Even ice cream for breakfast if you want.
text: A long pause as Samuel calms down, thinks about it.
scene_heading: INT. MCDONALDS - DAY 81
text: Kid's party. The place is packed with screaming children.
text: Amelia looks around at the tacky decor. The sounds and
text: sights are irritating, loud and bright.
text: Samuel sits in front of a large Happy Meal, dark circles
text: under his eyes. He chomps away on his french fries.
text: Amelia gives him a warm smile. He manages one back.
dialog: Things are better, the power of junk food has worked.
text: A stabbing pain in her jaw. Amelia winces. She reaches
text: inside her mouth and feels her back molar. She massages
text: her jaw, searching for relief.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY 82
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Very tired) Where are we going?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Wired) I just wanna drive for a while..
text: Amelia feels an itch on her leg. She looks down. Her leg
text: is covered in cockroaches. She recoils, desperately
text: flicking them away. The car swerves, Samuel panics.
text: Amelia looks in the rear vision mirror.
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 69.
text: A shadowy shape jumps onto the boot then the roof. She
text: can hear it, pounding like mad, a terrible sound. She
text: swerves all over the road, frightened. Samuel screams.
text: Amelia accidentally accelerates, heading straight towards
text: another car. A screeching of tyres, a sickening sound.
text: Amelia is frozen at the wheel, shell shocked. Samuel is
text: crying. It’s a miracle they’re not hurt.
text: A young corporate guy gets out of the other car, a brand
text: new Audi. He inspects the damage, then runs to Amelia.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: You ran straight into me!
text: Amelia looks at him with a blank expression, in shock.
speaker_heading: GUY (CONT’D)
dialog: I just bought this bloody car! What were
dialog: you doing?
text: The guy looks into the back seat, sees Samuel cowering.
speaker_heading: GUY (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh! Driving on the wrong side of the
dialog: road! With a kid in the back! You could
dialog: have KILLED someone, you know that!?
text: The man’s face looms large and terrible in the window.
text: She reverses the car suddenly and screeches away as fast
text: as she can, leaving the man bewildered in her wake.
scene_heading: EXT. MRS ROACHE’S FRONT YARD/AMELIA’S FRONT YARD - DAY 83
text: Mrs Roach is collecting the mail. She sees Amelia and Sam
text: getting out of their car, goes to say hello, but is
text: stopped by the look on Amelia’s face. She looks terrible.
text: Amelia checks the roof of the car. There’s nothing, not a
text: dint, not a scratch. Her face pales. She stumbles to the
text: house, Samuel drags along behind, focusing on his mum.
text: Mrs Roach watches them as they disappear, worried.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - EVENING 84
text: Amelia has a warm bath running and is sitting in it,
text: fully clothed. She holds her knees to her chest,
text: trembling, trying to calm herself down. She looks awful.
text: Samuel stands by, worried.
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Mum. Do you want me to call Aunty Claire?
text: She doesn’t reply. Samuel edges closer.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: I can talk to her and tell her we had an
dialog: accident and she can come over... Mum?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Quiet) Aunty Claire doesn’t want to talk
dialog: to us anymore.
text: Beat. Amelia gets up and grabs hold of Samuel gently. She
text: puts him into the bath, shirt, shorts, socks and all.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Soothing) It’s nice and warm in here..
text: Samuel sits opposite his mum, very concerned. Long pause.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I don’t want you to go away..
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Strangely calm) I’m not going anywhere.
text: They sit opposite each other, in silence.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE TO BASEMENT - EVENING 85
text: Amelia comes out of the basement, clutching the violin.
text: She clocks Samuel in the lounge and walks right past him
text: without acknowledgement. Sam is shocked.
scene_heading: INT. AMELIA’S ROOM - EVENING 86
text: Amelia lies down, calmed by the violin tight in her arms.
text: Sam follows, climbing on the bed to stroke her forehead.
text: She relaxes and closes her eyes, letting him comfort her.
text: A tender moment between them as Samuel smooths his mum’s
text: hair, suddenly the parent.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Mum... I don’t think we should stay here
dialog: tonight. (Nothing.) I can call Mrs Roach.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: We can’t trouble other people.
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: She wouldn’t mind, I know she wouldn’t.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I don’t want you to call anyone. I just
dialog: need to sleep...
text: Sam strokes Amelia’s cheek. She relaxes, letting him in.
text: He accidentally knocks the violin with his knee.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Suddenly vicious) Leave it!
text: Sam backs away, sitting on an easy chair in the corner.
text: Amelia watches him there from the bed. Her eyelids open
text: and close, she gives in to sleep, shutting out her son.
scene_heading: INT. AMELIA’S ROOM - EVENING 87
text: A short while later. The last rays of light are dying in
text: the room, they play on the curtains, shadows form.
dialog: Creepy.
text: Amelia's sleeping face. Whispering voices, barely
text: audible, envelop her. They sound demonic. Her face
text: contorts from a nightmare. The whispers intensify.
text: Amelia's eyes snap open. The whispers stop altogether.
text: She sits up. Is she hearing things? She searches the near
text: dark room.
text: Eerie silence. Samuel is nowhere to be found.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - EVENING 88
text: Light is fading fast in the house. Amelia descends the
text: stairs, straining to see.
text: The whispers start up again, taunting her. She stops dead
text: in her tracks and the sounds stop.
text: She stumbles on, her face dark and troubled.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE ROOM/KITCHEN - EVENING 89
text: Amelia stands in the dark lounge room. The whispers
text: return, only louder this time, more threatening. She
text: can’t tell where they’re coming from. It infuriates her.
dialog: 72.
text: She races into the kitchen, turns on the light, and
text: rounds the bench.
text: She sees Samuel in his armour, whispering to someone on
text: her mobile phone. He almost jumps out of his skin.
text: She rips the mobile out of his hand and looks at the
text: screen, livid. Mrs Roach’s name flashes up.
text: She tries to contain her fury as she prepares to talk.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Calm as possible) Gracie. I am so sorry.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: Has someone broken into the house? Sam
dialog: said someone was trying to get in??
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: No. We're fine. Samuel’s just being very
text: disobedient. Again.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH (0.S.)
dialog: Oh! I was so worried!
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I’m really sorry. I told him not to
dialog: bother anyone.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: He asked if you could stay the night,
dialog: that’s no problem at all-
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Very nice) No, we're fine. I have a
dialog: small headache, that’s all. I’ve got to
dialog: go now though. I’m sorry for troubling
dialog: you..... Yes, talk soon.
text: She hangs up, deadly silent, glaring at Sam.
text: He looks white as a sheet.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Tight) I told you not to call anyone and
dialog: you deliberately disobeyed me.
text: Samuel lowers his head, anxious and scared.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you want to frighten Mrs Roach? An old
dialog: lady who can hardly walk? Do you want to
dialog: make her sick?
text: Sam is too scared to talk. This inflames Amelia more.
dialog: 90
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Exploding) Take that bloody thing off!
text: He takes the catapult off quick smart.
text: Amelia takes out her phone battery, chucks it in the bin,
text: only half aware of what she’s doing.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Beside herself) Is this the only way I
dialog: can trust you won’t embarrass me in front
dialog: of the neighbours?
text: She grabs something from the kitchen: a large knife.
text: Samuel is freaked out by the sight.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Is this what I have to do?
text: She cuts the cord to the land line, shaking with anger.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I’m sorry Mummy. I was just scared
dialog: because the Babadook made you crash the
dialog: car and then-
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Stopping dead) What did you say?
text: Amelia’s energy darkens. Samuel’s fear increases.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Frantic) I just didn’t want you to LET
dialog: IT IN!
text: Amelia snaps. She races to the cupboard. Keys jingling.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I‘1l make sure we don’t let anything in,
dialog: alright Samuel? Nothing is coming in here
dialog: tonight. (Screaming) NOTHING!
text: She charges off to the front door, opens it, locks the
text: security grill, slams the front door with a vengeance.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE/SAMUEL’S BEDROOM - NIGHT (INTERCUT) 90
text: - Amelia locks the doors and windows, her face a mixture
text: of rage and fear. She can’t stop herself, slamming and
text: locking every door, every window in the house.
text: Bugsy follows her, barking incessantly. She kicks him out
text: of the way, completely agitated, driven.
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 74.
text: - Samuel unlocks a case under his bed, pulling out hidden
text: weapons. He listens to Amelia banging around downstairs.
text: - Amelia has locked up the entire house. In one last
text: impulsive move, she throws all her keys out a barred,
text: backyard window. Her rage has worn itself out. Now, she
text: just looks frightened.
scene_heading: INT. SAMUEL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 91
text: Amelia and Samuel sit on his bed.
text: Amelia tries her best to be nice. The intense pain in her
text: jaw and head make it tough. She has the water and pills.
text: Sam is on edge, unwilling to take his medicine.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Hesitating) I feel sick.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Civil) If you don’t take the pills
dialog: you'll feel worse.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Pleading) Mum...
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Come on Samuel.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I don’t think I need-
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Suddenly threatening) I am the parent
dialog: and you are the child. So take-the-pills.
text: Samuel takes the pills from her. He raises his arm.
text: The pills drop down discreetly into his shirt sleeve as
text: he brings his hand to his mouth. A perfect sleight of
text: hand that Amelia doesn’t see. He takes a swig of water.
text: She opens his mouth, checks he’s taken them.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Good boy.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGEROOM - EVENING 92
text: Hysterical sound effects from a cartoon on the TV. Amelia
text: is dozing. She jolts awake and looks over to the couch.
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 75.
text: Samuel lies there on his back. His throat is cut. There
text: are multiple stab wounds to his body. His dead eyes stare
text: up at the ceiling, his face and body soaked in blood.
text: Amelia rushes over to him. She tries to scream, but
text: nothing comes out, her face a horrible mask of fear.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (0.S.)
dialog: Mum!
text: Amelia looks at her son.
text: He is crouched on the sofa, ready to spring. He's
text: perfectly fine, but terrified by his mother’s behaviour.
text: Amelia slowly recovers, completely disoriented.
text: Samuel looks to her right hand, terrified.
text: Amelia looks to where he’s looking.
text: There’s a large carving knife in her hand.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - EVENING 93
text: Amelia throws the knife in the drawer and slams it shut.
scene_heading: INT. AMELIA’S ROOM - NIGHT 94
text: Amelia sits on her bed, tears roll down her face.
text: Bugsy appears at the door. The sight of him comforts her.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Shaky) Come on sweetheart. Come here.
text: He stays at the door.
text: Amelia goes to him very gently. He puts his ears back but
text: lets himself be picked up. She strokes him tenderly, her
text: fear dissipates. They stay there like that for a moment.
text: Bugsy suddenly bites her hand and jumps to the floor.
text: Amelia watches him run away, in shock.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE ROOM - NIGHT 95
text: TV still on. Amelia brings two bowls loaded up with ice
text: cream, marshmallows on top. She’s trying way too hard.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Here we go!
dialog: 96
dialog: 76.
text: Samuel looks at the bowls, his face is worried and tense.
text: She places it in front of him, forcing a smile.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s more where that came from.
text: Samuel takes a spoonful, tasting it gingerly.
text: Amelia watches him eat, tense as hell. A sudden, stabbing
text: pain in her tooth, her hand flies up to her jaw. It’s
text: getting worse. She massages, fear and pain in her eyes.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE ROOM - LATER 96
text: Mother and son steal glances at each other. The TV blares
text: over the top of their silence.
text: Samuel’s eyelids become heavy as he struggles with, then
text: succumbs to sleep. Bugsy guards Samuel, watches Amelia.
text: Amelia channel surfs manically, not stopping to look at
text: anything. She finally stops on the late night news.
speaker_heading: NEWS REPORTER
text: -.. in the kitchen where he beheaded his
dialog: sister, reportedly a day after her
text: birthday. She had just turned seven.
text: Amelia watches, horrified. Images of a normal suburban
text: house, cordoned off, police on the scene.
speaker_heading: NEWS REPORTER (CONT'D)
text: Her teenage brother remained inside where
text: he was eventually shot dead by police.
text: Amelia sees police on the TV pass by a window of the
text: house. What she sees next chills her to the bone.
text: There is a clear image of Amelia herself looking out from
text: the window of this suburban house, smiling a disturbing
text: smile. Amelia tries to comprehend what she sees.
text: Suddenly, all the lights snap off, plunging the house
text: into darkness.
text: Amelia's breathing hardens. Her eyes focus on the couch.
text: Samuel is no longer on it. Her panic increases.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Whispering) Samuel...
text: Samuel is suddenly beside her. It frightens her.
dialog: 97
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Eyes closed) Wake up Mummy.
text: She can see his eyes are closed.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Darling, you’re the one who’s asleep.
text: He stands there for some time, then drifts towards the
text: basement door, eyes still closed.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t go down there..
text: He opens the door. A light comes on down there. Samuel
text: disappears down the stairs.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Moving after him) It’s not safe!
text: She stands at the top of the basement stairs watching Sam
text: descend. She’s confused by the light being on down there.
text: It draws her down, into the bowels of the house.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - NIGHT 97
text: Amelia arrives to a basement completely clear of clutter.
text: The most beautiful, ethereal light transforms it.
text: Samuel is nowhere to be found. Amelia steps into the
text: light and is calmed by it.
text: Out of the shadows steps the man from the photo. Amelia's
text: husband, Oskar, a handsome man in his forties.
text: Amelia's face drops when she sees him. Her eyes
text: spontaneously fill with tears. She races in to him.
text: They stay like that for a long time, holding each other.
text: Amelia cries in disbelief, her emotions overwhelming her.
text: He kisses her, he’s real. She melts into him, letting go
text: into one exquisite moment.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Overwhelmed) I thought you were dead..
speaker_heading: OSKAR
dialog: We can be together sweetheart...
text: She hugs him tighter, in complete disbelief. Long pause.
speaker_heading: OSKAR (CONT'D)
dialog: You just need to bring me the boy.
dialog: 98
dialog: 78.
text: Amelia feels a sudden chill run over her and pulls back
text: from her husband. It suddenly doesn’t feel right.
text: The beautiful light has disappeared. Deep shadows fall
text: across Oskar’s face. He looks strange.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: You mean Samuel..
speaker_heading: OSKAR
dialog: (His voice distorts) You can bring me the
dialog: boy... You can bring me the boy...
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Stop calling him the boy.
text: Amelia looks down to Oskar’s hands. There’s nothing at
text: the end of his sleeves. She tries to comprehend it. A
text: rumbling sound starts up.
speaker_heading: OSKAR
dialog: (Distorted) I think it’s going to rain.
text: She looks up.
text: A razor thin line of blood forms a diagonal line from one
text: ear across to his jaw on the other side.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Terrified) No....
text: Amelia bolts up those stairs as fast as she can.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE ROOM/KITCHEN - NIGHT 98
text: - Amelia enters the lounge room. The lights have
text: returned, flickering on and off. The TV is on static.
text: Amelia watches the overhead light flare up. The bulb
text: smashes. Complete darkness. A hideous silence.
text: Amelia senses something behind her in the kitchen. She
text: turns slowly and is met with her worst nightmare.
text: At the far corner of the kitchen, about 15 metres away,
text: is a hideous silhouette in the darkness. A large black
text: coat, pointy black gloves and a tall black hat.
text: Then she hears it. A terrifying, insect like noise as the
text: thing glides straight towards her. It stops, towering
text: over her. She can’t make out any details, but she can
text: feel it looking at her, suspended in terror.
dialog: 99
dialog: 79.
text: She suddenly tears up those stairs, taking two at a time,
text: racing into the first open door she can find. The sound
text: of the thing screeching after her.
scene_heading: INT. SAMUEL'S ROOM - NIGHT 99
text: Amelia grabs a chair and pushes it under the doorknob,
text: stumbling backwards towards the fireplace.
text: An awful silence, just the sound of Amelia’s breath.
text: Something falls down the chimney and lands in the hearth
text: right next to her. A black top hat.
text: Amelia goes into a panic attack. She crawls back towards
text: the door, but her movements are slow and tortured.
text: She can hear something huge and hideous travelling up the
text: wall behind her, then onto the ceiling overhead. An
text: insect-like sound fills the room. Amelia can’t bear to
text: look up, lying on her stomach, frozen with terror.
text: Something drops down nearby. A black coat. Amelia starts
text: to hyperventilate.
text: A terrible noise, flesh ripping from flesh. Something
text: drops inches from her face. The ripped off ‘face’ of the
text: Babadook, nothing but a hardened mask. Black sticky blood
text: oozes from its edges, from the holes where the eyes
text: should be, the mouth open in a permanent scream.
text: In spite of her terror, Amelia forces herself to look up
text: to the ceiling for a split second, in disbelief.
text: An huge shadow fills half of the ceiling, a hideous shape
text: with outstretched ‘wings’, like an enormous bat.
text: Amelia immediately looks away. She holds her breath,
text: tensing up, belly to the ground, beyond terror.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Over and over) It isn’t real it isn’t
dialog: real it isn’t real it isn’t real..
text: There is an unbearable screeching sound.
text: POV from high on the ceiling. Something rushes straight
text: down towards Amelia’s back at lightning pace.
text: Amelia's eye in extreme close up. A huge bang, a terrible
text: scraping, ripping sound. Her pupil ‘bleeds’ outwards till
text: the whole eye is completely black.
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK SCREEN 100
text: The sound of a TV up as loud as it will go. An
text: informercial. Terrible, deafening, meaningless sounds.
scene_heading: INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 101
text: Sam hides behind a locked door clutching Bugsy. The TV is
text: deafening even from upstairs. He’s terrified. He unlocks
text: and opens the door a sliver but doesn’t venture out.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE ROOM - NIGHT 102
text: The back of Amelia watching an informercial. Something’s
text: not right with her. She breathes very fast and heavy.
text: Her face is revealed. Her eyes have a dead stare, the
text: pupils like pin pricks. Her limbs are slightly distorted,
text: rigid. She looks human, but there’s something about her
dialog: that just-isn’t-right.
text: She sits as if resting for a moment in her new skin, her
text: casual stare at odds with her bizarre appearance. She
text: changes channels to ‘Australia’s Next Top Model.’
speaker_heading: JUDGE 1 (0.S.)
dialog: She's a great girl, but she’s too fat.
text: Amelia watches the program with a dead cool calm.
speaker_heading: JUDGE 4
dialog: I agree unfortunately.
speaker_heading: MODEL HOST
dialog: What about Cindy?
speaker_heading: JUDGE 3
dialog: Cindy is great! She can do soft, she can
dialog: do bold, she can do sexy..
text: Amelia cricks her neck, suddenly agitated. She stands and
text: in a few jerky moves is up on top of the old TV.
speaker_heading: JUDGE 3 (CONT'D)
dialog: I think she has a lot of extremes...
text: A stream of piss comes from between Amelia’s legs. It
text: runs over the TV screen.
text: Amelia's face as she relieves herself. She opens her
text: mouth wide, clicking her jaw. She looks terrible.
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS LANDING/LOUNGE ROOM/KITCHEN - NIGHT 103
text: - Landing. Samuel opens the door a sliver. Bugsy jumps
text: from his arms and races down the stairs. Sam is beside
text: himself, trying to call the dog back.
text: - Bugsy arrives in the loungeroom, bravely facing his
text: opponent. He barks ferociously.
text: Amelia, still on top of the TV, regards the dog with
text: casual indifference, her eyes dead.
text: She jumps down to the floor, squaring off at Bugsy.
text: A moment of stillness.
text: Bugsy is spooked and makes a run for it.
text: - Kitchen. Amelia chases Bugsy. The poor thing doesn’t
text: have a chance as she grabs it by the neck. He struggles,
text: trying to bite her. It’s awful.
text: Amelia's terrible face, the dead eyes, fixated on the
text: task. The sound of Bugsy squealing in pain.
text: Bugsy’s little legs kick in spasms. A ghastly snapping
text: sound. The squealing stops dead, the legs go limp.
text: Amelia looks at the dog’s corpse, emotionless. Her face
text: suddenly scrunches up in pain, she looks broken. It’s her
text: molar. She yells dropping Bugsy’s corpse on the floor.
text: She reaches into her mouth with her fingers, grabs hold
text: in the back, wrenches the tooth from side to side,
text: groaning horribly. She pulls and tugs, screaming in pain.
text: After an age it wrenches free. She looks at the bloodied
text: molar in morbid fascination, blood pooling in her mouth.
text: Suddenly bored with it, she throws the tooth away.
text: - Lounge. Amelia stalks into the room. She instinctively
text: whips her head up and looks straight at her son, his face
text: peering over the bannister. He disappears, a door slams.
text: Amelia's jagged limbs move quickly, like a spider. She
text: bolts straight up those stairs to her son.
scene_heading: INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM/OUTSIDE AMELIA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 104
text: - Samuel sits with his back against the locked door, key
text: in hand. He hears Amelia’s footsteps right outside. He
text: freezes as she tries the door.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (0.S.)
dialog: (Slightly distorted) Samuel.
text: He tenses, sits up to listen.
text: - Amelia on the other side. She clears her throat, tries
text: to ‘normalize.’ The pupils in her eyes contract slightly.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (More normal) Samuel. Let me in. (No
dialog: response.) Bugsy’s hurt. We need to go
dialog: get help..
text: Her voice sounds normal but her face is terrifying.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Samuel. Do you want Bugsy to die??
text: Samuel silently disappears out of frame.
text: Back to Amelia on the other side. Her mouth contorts with
text: rage, her eyes devil’s eyes. She pounds on the door,
text: growing violent.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Samuel! Let-me-in! (No response) I’11
dialog: huff and I’1l puff and I’11l BLOW YOUR
dialog: FUCKING DOOR IN!!
text: She grabs the door frame with both hands, lifts herself
text: up and slams the door with both feet. Then again, and
text: again, over and over, till the door is kicked off its
text: hinges and falls to the floor.
text: Amelia enters, looks around. No sign of Samuel. This
text: infuriates her.
text: She moves in a jerky, powerful way, as if she has rods in
text: her limbs. She looks under the bed, behind the curtains.
text: She hears a tiny noise, swivels around in time to see her
text: son sliding down from the top of the wardrobe. His little
text: frame running towards the door.
text: Amelia lets out a screeching sound, just like the
dialog: Babadook.
text: Samuel stops and turns to look, terrified.
text: His mother glides straight towards him, a spectral sight.
text: Samuel instantly wets his pants.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: You little pig. 6 years old and you're
dialog: still wetting yourself.
dialog: 105
dialog: 83.
text: He can’t look at her, puts his hands in his pockets.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Cruel) You don’t know how many times
dialog: I've wished it was you not him that died.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Near tears) I just want you to be happy.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Mimicking him) I just want you to be
dialog: happee! You know, sometimes I just want
dialog: to smash your head against the wall until
dialog: your fucking brains pop out.
text: Samuel backs away from her, his fists clenched.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Low) You’re not my mother.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: What did you say?
text: Looking her bravely in the eyes. Those terrible eyes.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I said you're not my mother!
text: She bends down to Samuel, her face evil, horrifying.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Shrieking) I-AM-YOUR-MOTHER! !
text: Samuel throws a firecracker on the floorboards, then
text: another. They stun her long enough so he can escape.
text: Amelia finds fresh rage. She bolts out after him.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY/SAMUEL’S ROOM - NIGHT 105
text: - Samuel pelts down the hallway.
text: His mother tears after him, screaming, her limbs
text: disjointed and ‘broken’, moving fast like a spider.
text: - Sam’s room. Samuel’s hands shake as he puts on his
text: weapons. His eyes are wide with terror.
text: Amelia appears in the doorway, huge and terrifying. She
text: looks at him with a cruel fascination.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: GET AWAY!!
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 84.
text: She laughs a hideous laugh, closing in on the boy.
text: He launches the cricket ball, it hits her in the face.
text: She bends over, covers her face with her hands, groaning.
text: Samuel looks at his mum, very worried.
text: Amelia stands up, takes her hands from her face. She
text: laughs, mocking him. She’s not hurt at all.
text: Samuel fires his nail gun off in desperation, two large
text: rusty nails land in his mother’s shoulder. She yells out
text: in pain. This time she’s not pretending.
text: Samuel makes a quick getaway.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT 106
text: Amelia comes out raging. She pulls the nails out of her
text: shoulder, looks downstairs, then up to the top rooms,
dialog: which way did he go?
text: Samuel is behind her, hiding in front of a cabinet in the
text: hall. All she has to do is turn around and he’s dead. He
text: stares at his mother’s back, holding his breath.
text: There is a loud knock on the front door. Amelia pauses.
text: Then she’s down those stairs, hardly touching the ground.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE ROOM/FRONT DOOR/KITCHEN - NIGHT 107
text: Amelia lurches towards the front door, her face looks
text: casually insane, and wholly evil.
text: A silent, swift blur of movement can be seen in the
text: background. It’s Samuel escaping to the kitchen.
text: - Amelia's deranged profile looking through the peep
dialog: hole.
text: Amelia’s POV. Mrs Roach is waiting outside.
text: Amelia's fingers clutch the doorknob. She’s ready to rip
text: that door off it’s hinges.
text: - Samuel is horrified to see Bugsy’s remains on the floor
text: in the kitchen. He tries the back door. It’s locked.
text: - Through the peephole: Mrs Roach waits patiently in her
text: dressing gown, shaky on her feet. She hesitates to knock
text: again. Her kindly face looks worried.
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 85.
text: Something changes in Amelia. Her terrible expression
text: softens. She lowers her head, her breathing slows down.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. - NIGHT - HALLWAY/FRONT PORCH 108
text: The door opens, Amelia stands behind the locked security
text: grille. Her face is half in the shadows.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: Sorry love, I know it’s late. I just
dialog: wanted to make sure you’re OK...
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Clearing her throat) I’m OK.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: I know this time of year is terribly hard
dialog: for you. And I know you don’t want me to
dialog: go on about it, so I won’t..
text: Amelia’s face behind the screen. She starts to normalize
text: with Mrs Roach’s words, her eyes full of pain.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH (CONT’D)
dialog: I just want you to know I’d do anything
dialog: for you and Sam. I love you both. You can
dialog: always talk to me love. Always.
text: Amelia's face softens and saddens with every word. Her
text: eye glints in the shadows, tears forming.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT 109
text: Samuel has just closed a kitchen drawer.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (0.S.)
dialog: (Normal voice) Samuel.
text: Sam jumps. He turns sharply to see his mother at the
text: other end of the kitchen. She looks completely normal.
text: Samuel watches her, caught between love and terror.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Genuine) I’m sorry. I said some terrible
dialog: things. But I didn’t mean any of them...
text: She takes a step further into the kitchen. Samuel tenses.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I understand you’re scared.
text: Samuel watches her, very wary, but drawn in by her.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Remorseful) I haven't been good since
dialog: your Dad died. I haven’t been good at
dialog: all.. I’m sick Sam, I need help.
text: Samuel’s face softens. He listens intently.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I just spoke to Mrs Roach. We’re going to
dialog: stay there for the night.
text: Amelia comes closer. She kneels in front of her son. Her
text: face is soft and terribly sad.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you want to do that?
text: Amelia puts one hand gently on his shoulder. Samuel nods.
text: Amelia’s hand behind her back is twisted and clenched.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to make it up to you Sam. I want
dialog: you to meet your Dad.
text: She slips her other hand around the back of his neck,
text: soothing him with her touch. He tenses.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's beautiful. You'll be happy there..
text: Samuel can see his mother’s pupils don’t look normal.
text: Without warning, he quickly raises a carving knife behind
text: his back and sinks it deep into his mother’s leg.
text: She looks to him, then to the knife, absolutely stunned.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Sorry Mummy.
text: He’s out of there.
text: Amelia stumbles onto her arse, looking in shock at the
text: big knife sticking out of her thigh.
text: She reverts to something much more primitive than before.
text: Her face distorts, a picture of madness. She rips the
text: knife out in one go, yelling as she does it.
text: Samuel races to the basement door. He takes a look back.
text: Amelia lets out a blood curdling sound as she rises.
text: Samuel disappears into the basement.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - NIGHT 110
text: Amelia pauses at the top of the stairs, then descends at
text: full speed, screaming like a banshee.
text: A little hand pulls a rope, a trip wire forms.
text: Amelia’s feet connect with it. She tumbles forward,
text: hitting her head on the ceiling beam, hard.
text: She stumbles around, concussed. The room spins before
text: her, she sees a brief glimpse of Samuel watching in
text: horror, then the ceiling, the floor, out of control.
text: It looks terrible as she swerves and stumbles.
text: Sam has a baseball bat in both hands. He runs to Amelia
text: and strikes her as hard as he can in the of the knees.
text: She buckles and hits her head first on the wall, then
text: hard on the concrete floor. The blows knock her out.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - LATER 111
text: Black screen.
text: The sound of very fast, shallow breathing. The ceiling
text: comes into focus, one dingy light overhead.
text: Amelia in profile breathing super fast. Her pupils are
text: now large and black as coals. She tries to lift herself
text: up but despite her considerable power, she can’t.
text: She looks down. Every part of her, neck to toe, is tied
dialog: and bound with rope, belts, anything Samuel could get his
text: hands on. She looks like Gulliver in Lilliput. She makes
text: a terrible shrieking sound, struggling to free herself.
text: Samuel slinks out of the shadows with his magician’s cape
text: on, holding the baseball bat, trembling with fear.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Mum...
text: Amelia sees him. She snarls, threatening him.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not leaving you...
text: Amelia groans horribly, trying to free herself.
text: Samuel comes in a touch closer. The monstrous Amelia
text: looks at him, as if trying to register who it is.
text: Samuel inches in closer, Amelia stops struggling.
dialog: 88.
text: He pulls out the bunch of paper flowers. She stares at
text: them, becoming more herself, calming. Sam leans in.
text: Amelia suddenly yells even louder than before. Samuel
text: runs to the far corner of the basement, scared stiff. She
text: laughs at his terror, a monstrous, agonized laugh.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: We said we’d protect each other...
text: Some of her ties have come undone. A few of the others
text: are starting to come loose.
text: Samuel doesn’t notice as he sneaks back towards her,
text: trying his hardest to be brave.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: I know you don’t love me. The Babadook
dialog: won't let you. But I love you mummy, ever
dialog: since I was born and I always will...
text: The words get in somehow. Amelia’s face screws up in
text: pain, fighting this thing that has taken her over.
text: Another tie works itself loose, she wriggles and moves.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: My dad died because he died. Not because
dialog: of me.. It’s not my fault.
text: Amelia's face contorts, affected by his words. She gasps
text: for breath, trying to come out of it. A black tear wells
text: up in the corner of her eye. She starts to shake.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (Desperate) You let it in, you have to
dialog: get it out!
text: The tear rolls down her face. A black substance seeps
text: from one nostril. She looks terrible, shaking, trying to
text: come back from the brink.
text: Samuel starts to cry at the sight, suddenly losing all
text: his strength. The baseball bat goes limp in his arms.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (Bawling) I don’t want you to go away...
text: Amelia's arm suddenly comes free. Amelia rips the bat out
text: of Sam’s hands and throws it across the room. He tries to
text: get away. But before he can escape she’s grabbed him.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: NO!... NO, NO!! MUMMY!
dialog: 89.
text: Her other hand comes free. Samuel tries to punch and kick
text: her, she tightens the grip on the back of his neck.
text: She takes both hands and places them round Samuel’s neck.
text: She struggles with what she is about to do but loses out.
text: Slowly but surely, she chokes him.
text: His little hands pull at her hands around his neck. But
text: she’s too strong. Sam’s face turns red, he can’t breathe.
text: A look of terrible recognition passes across Amelia’s
text: monstrous face as she realizes what she’s doing, but
text: still she can’t stop. She cries out, trying to summon up
text: strength from the depths. It doesn’t come.
text: Samuel eyes bulge. He takes both hands and with great
text: effort places them on his mother’s cheeks. He strokes his
text: mother’s face, full of love, trying to get her to stop.
text: It’s heart wrenching. Something snaps in Amelia. Her body
text: shakes violently. Black tears rolling down her face.
text: She throws Samuel away from her, screaming out as she
text: sends him sliding halfway across the room.
text: Amelia gets up on all fours, shaking her head from side
text: to side. The movement becomes so quick, so surreal, that
text: her head becomes a violent, screaming blur.
text: Samuel calls out to his mother, desperate and frightened.
text: After a time, Amelia’s head movements slow down. Then
text: finally, they stop. A long pause.
text: Amelia suddenly and forcefully vomits up a black
text: substance. It hits the floor urgently. Samuel watches on,
text: speechless. It’s horrible, disturbing.
text: Just as soon as it started, it stops. Amelia falls face
text: forward and lies dead still, her eyes open and staring.
text: Samuel runs to her. Desperate, he grabs her shirt,
text: pulling her up, her head falls back. He hits her hard on
text: the chest, as hard as he possibly can, over and over.
text: Amelia inhales like a drowning person coming up for air.
text: She lets out a cry, a human cry this time, full of pain.
text: Samuel wipes her face and kisses her cheek, grateful
text: she’s alive.
text: Amelia looks around completely disoriented.
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE ROOM - NIGHT 112
text: Amelia limps through the basement door holding her son’s
text: hand, slowly coming out of her trance like state. They
text: stand there shell shocked. The house is silent.
text: A low rumbling starts up. Samuel looks all around him,
text: then to his mum. She looks at him, unnerved.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: ‘If it’s in a word, or it’s in a look,
dialog: you can’t get rid of the Babadook.’
text: Without warning Samuel’s body is suddenly ripped from her
text: arms. An unseen force drags him up the stairs, his body
text: bouncing as he hollers for his life.
text: Amelia screams as she watches him disappear out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL/AMELIA’S ROOM - NIGHT 113
text: - Amelia races up the stairs as fast as she can.
text: - She arrives at the door.
text: Sam is standing by her bed, his arms rigid. He is picked
text: up and flung against the wall. A sickening thud, he looks
text: like a broken doll. Amelia screams.
text: She races to Sam, grabs hold of his arms. They’re ripped
text: out of her grasp. Sam hits the wall again and again. It’s
text: brutal, he starts to lose consciousness.
text: Amelia grabs Sam’s leg, then locks her arms round his
text: waist. She uses all her strength to push him onto the
text: bed, covering him with her body, gripping the edges so
text: she doesn’t fly up against the wall herself.
text: The bed starts to shake violently. A rumbling sound
text: throughout the room. Amelia stares off into the shadows,
text: acknowledging this thing as real for the very first time.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Desperate) What do you want!
text: The bed lifts up then slams down violently with them on
text: it. Amelia holds on tighter, Samuel clings to her.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: TELL ME WHAT YOU WANT!!
text: The bed drops to the floor. The sound stops, replaced by
text: an eerie calm. Sam hides his face in the mattress.
dialog: gl.
text: The door creaks open. A figure steps into the light,
text: Amelia stands up on the bed to see who it is. Sam grabs
text: her waist, hides his face in her skirt.
text: It's Oskar. A look of dread passes over Amelia’s face.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Shaking her head) No...
speaker_heading: OSKAR
dialog: Keep breathing...
text: A very faint rumble starts up again. Amelia can’t take
text: her eyes from her husband, her panic becomes visible.
speaker_heading: OSKAR (CONT'D)
dialog: Put your seat back sweetheart. Ten more
dialog: minutes and we’re there.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: NO...
text: Amelia shakes, tears forming. The rumbling intensifies.
speaker_heading: OSKAR
dialog: I think it’s going to rain.
text: Oskar is oblivious to the noise building around him.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: STOP!!
text: Truck tyres skid, brakes screech, horns blaring.
text: A hot, white light shines in Oskar’s face, blinding him.
text: The screeching sound becomes deafening.
text: Amelia watches as the top half of her husband's head is
text: severed, from the ear on one side to the jaw on the
text: other. His corpse quickly drops to the floor.
text: Amelia stares at it, her body shakes uncontrollably,
text: tears run down her face. She cries out as if she’s being
text: murdered, an unimaginable grief.
text: A sound starts up, taunting her. ‘Babababababa dook-dook-
dialog: dook.'
text: Amelia watches the corpse suddenly pulled back, swallowed
text: up by the shadows as if it was never there. She searches
text: the dark but can only see a formless shape lurking there.
text: Her grief and pain transforms into anger. She spits the
text: words out, trembling, hardly able to breathe.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: You....are....nothing.
text: The hideous growling grows more threatening with her
text: words. Her energy rises visibly. A pure, white hot rage.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D (CONT'D)
dialog: YOU'RE NOTHING!
text: The hideous shadow grows larger, rising up to the
text: ceiling, terrorizing her. The floors and walls shake.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: This is MY HOUSE! You are trespassing in
dialog: MY HOUSE!
text: Its growls turn to a deafening roar as the shadow touches
text: the ceiling, a huge mass of black terror.
text: Amelia fights a sickening, gut wrenching fear as she
text: finally faces up to this thing.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Not turning away) If you touch my son
dialog: again, I'll fucking KILL YOU!
text: Bits of the ceiling fall to the floor. The walls crack.
text: Sam's body is flipped up and pulled violently towards the
text: shadows. He yells. Amelia grabs him by the hands and
text: yanks him to her, there’s no way she’s letting go this
text: time. Sam wraps around her waist, she holds him tight.
text: The sound of the Babadook is deafening. Its presence
text: takes over the room.
text: Amelia jumps up on the bed end, her son in her arms, and
text: lets out a scream so strong, so piercing, it smashes
text: every window in the room. She looks utterly fierce. A
text: mother enraged, protecting her son.
text: Her scream dies away, but her eyes are full of life. She
text: searches the darkness.
text: The huge shadow shrinks down from the ceiling, its growls
text: reduce to a hideous moan. The shadow is slowly and
text: completely lost to the darkness.
text: The noise of the Babadook stops altogether.
text: Amelia stands tall on the bed end, searching the shadows,
text: holding her breath.
text: An unbearable silence.
dialog: 114
dialog: 93.
text: The outward figure of the Babadook, just like the one in
text: the picture book only life size, rolls in to the edge of
text: the shadows. It looks absurd, creepy, its black arms
text: stretched out like a scarecrow.
text: Amelia holds her breath, waiting for something to happen.
text: The ‘figure’ suddenly drops to the ground like a sack.
text: Amelia starts. It collapses into a shapeless mound of hat
text: and coat with nothing underneath.
text: Amelia slides down to the floor, staring at it,
text: dumbfounded. Sam jumps on the mattress, face down.
text: A moaning sound starts up under the coat. Hellish, but
text: somehow sad. Amelia inches in to look, her face softens.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Looking up, scared) Mum, don’t...
text: Amelia comes in really close now, reaching out to touch
text: the coat, checking if it’s real.
text: The Babadook POV. It rises from under the coat up to the
text: ceiling, towering over Amelia, then screeches right down
text: to her face. We don’t see it but she does. It blows the
text: skin back on her face, her eyes widen, her mouth is
text: forced open in a grimace. Just like mask of the Babadook.
text: And as quick as it appeared, that thing is out of there.
text: - The Babadook’s POV flying out the door, Amelia and Sam
text: are left behind.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE ROOM - NIGHT 114
text: By the time Amelia makes it downstairs, the Babadook has
text: disappeared into the basement, door slamming. She runs
text: over to it, locks the door, takes the key.
text: Amelia turns. Sam stands opposite her. He cries, then
text: howls, completely overwhelmed, his body shaking.
text: Amelia races to him, scoops him up. Samuel clings to her
text: for dear life. She strokes his head, kisses his face,
text: holding him as tight as she can.
text: She takes him to the couch, cradles him in her arms and
text: soothes him with her words. Full of a mother’s love.
text: They stay there like that for a long time together.
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: INT. MRS ROACH'S FRONT YARD - DAY 115
text: Sam looks through a window. He has his best clothes on,
text: looking adorable. He sees something, his face lights up.
text: The front door opens. Sam guides Mrs Roach down the
text: steps, then lets go of her hand and runs to mum.
text: Amelia scoops Sam up in her arms. She looks different.
text: Stronger. Her eyes more relaxed and alive.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: Watch your mum’s leg little one.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: He's fine. I’ve had the stitches out.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: You'll have to be more careful around the
text: home. It can be a death trap.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Not a touch of irony) I know.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: What time’s the party?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Anytime after 3 is fine. Just going to
dialog: have a bit of real food first, before the
text: sugar onslaught starts.
text: Samuel snuggles into her. She hugs him back.
speaker_heading: MRS ROACH
dialog: See you in a few hours then.
text: Mrs Roach gives them a sweet nana wave. They wave back.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE ROOM - DAY 116
text: The lounge room is still run down, but tidy and clean.
text: There are homemade birthday decorations strung up.
text: Amelia and Samuel sit on the couch, side by side.
text: The couple from Social Services sit opposite, cups of tea
text: in hand. Amelia is much more grounded in their presence.
speaker_heading: PRUE
dialog: That school’s a good choice.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I’ve done a lot of reading about it so..
dialog: I think Sam’1l be happy there.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: (Stiff) He’s been away from school over
dialog: two weeks now. Time to get back into it.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Strong) We needed time to sort things
dialog: out.
text: Samuel nestles into his mum. Prue smiles tightly.
speaker_heading: PRUE
dialog: Are you having a party?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: It’s Sam's birthday today. We’re having a
dialog: small thing, just a few friends.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: The first birthday I’ve ever celebrated.
text: The visitors look a little shocked.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: That’s not true!
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Yes it is mum. (To the visitors) My first
dialog: party on the day.
speaker_heading: PRUE
dialog: (Pointed) That’s unusual.
text: Amelia can see the judgement in the woman’s eyes. She
text: decides not to let it go.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Not a trace of self pity) My husband
dialog: died the day that Sam was born.
text: The DOCs couple don’t know how to respond.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: He got killed driving mum to the hospital
dialog: to have me.
text: Amelia doesn’t rush in to rescue them.
text: The woman mouths the word ‘oh’. The man is completely out
text: of his depth, just staring blankly at them.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Sam's just like his dad was, always
text: speaks his mind.
text: Sam is snuggled right in to his mum, protected.
speaker_heading: WELFARE WOMAN
dialog: (To Samuel, ignoring what just happened)
dialog: Birthday parties are always fun,
dialog: especially when they’re yours.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: My cousin was going to come but she’s
dialog: scared of me because I knocked her front
dialog: tooth out.
text: Amelia looks to DOCs, a half smile plays on her lips. She
text: looks beautiful.
text: Prue looks awkward, her cup slipping on the saucer.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Getting up) I’1l take that for you.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - DAY 117
text: A cross section of soil. Bugsy’s corpse buried there. The
text: flesh begins to rot. Worms and bugs crawl through it.
text: Travelling up to the roots of a plant bursting out of the
text: earth. A rose bush. Amelia’s tends to the soil around it.
text: She admires a single black rose in full bloom.
text: Samuel is nearby, opposite the fence. There’s a target
text: painted on it. He has two home made ‘nail guns’ on either
text: leg. He aims then fires them off in quick succession.
text: Amelia looks up. The nails hit their mark.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Good shot!
text: Samuel looks pleased. He runs over to her.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I’m protecting you mum.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Genuine) You're doing such a good job.
text: He runs back to his target, full of beans, firing up
dialog: again.
dialog: 97.
text: Amelia picks up another worm and adds it to a bowl full
text: of them. She takes off her gloves and gets up.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT DOOR - DAY 118
text: Amelia is at the door which now has many bolts on it. She
text: undoes them all as Samuel watches. She goes over to where
text: she’s put down the bowl of sludge and worms, picks it up.
text: Sam keeps one eye on her as he tentatively sneaks one
text: foot into the basement. She turns around and sees him.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Fierce, protective) UH UH UH! NO!
text: He stops in his tracks.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Moving to him) It’s not a game, Sam.
text: Amelia crouches down to Sam’s level, patient and loving.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: One day, when you’re a bit bigger. You
dialog: keep working on your weapons...
text: Samuel silently accepts what she’s offering. For now.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Firm) Go right out into the yard and
dialog: stay there till I call you, alright?
text: He nods and runs outside.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - DAY 119
text: Amelia descends the stairs. It’s dark and hard to see. A
text: very faint rumbling starts up.
text: The room is clearer than before. Oskar’s things are still
text: there, but now very neatly stacked in one corner.
text: Amelia places the bowl of slop in the centre of the room.
text: She steps back and waits, peering into the darkness.
text: She's frightened, but does her best to conceal it.
text: The rumbling increases. She can see a familiar shadow in
text: the corner, moving ever so slightly. A low insect like
text: noise. She braces herself, peering in to try and see it.
text: A sound behind her. The back of Amelia’s head as she
text: turns around, her eyes widening.
dialog: 120
dialog: 98.
text: Amelia is knocked off balance then twisted and bent
text: backwards. Her arms grab at the air to try and right
text: herself. She grunts and groans, her face is forced to one
text: side. The sounds around her are horrible, threatening.
text: Amelia seen from above. She is bent right back as she
text: forces her head to look up. She lets out a low guttural
text: warning sound, then a shout, full of power..
text: Her back releases slightly, she is able to right herself,
text: standing eye to eye with something we don’t see. Her face
text: is tense, her pupils dilate. She looks afraid but
text: something else is there now. Something soft and sad.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
text: (Tenderly, through the fear) Ssh.. Ssh...
dialog: It’s alright, it’s alright.. Ssh.....
text: She stays there awhile. Her breathing is laboured, her
text: pupils now huge and black. A tortured moan off screen.
text: She continues to soothe and reassure it, undeterred.
text: Time stretches. A moment of peace.
text: Amelia's eyes return to normal. The POV falls away from
text: her, dropping to the floor. Amelia stands over it.
text: The bowl of slop there on the floor untouched. Nothing
text: else can be seen in the room.
text: In one quick move the bowl is sucked into the darkness.
text: Amelia walks backwards to the stairs. She turns and
text: climbs them as quick as she can without running.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - DAY 120
text: Amelia carries a tray filled with sandwiches. She sets it
text: down in front of Samuel. He has his magician’s outfit on.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: How was the Babadook?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Pretty quiet today.
text: Amelia reaches up and undoes his top collar, inspecting
text: the bruises on his neck. She can’t hide her shame.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: (Gently) It’s much better mummy..
text: She brings her hand up to stroke his cheek, looking at
text: him with love. She puts a sandwich on Sam’s plate.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait! I’ve got a new trick..
text: He runs to get a silver dome off the ground, races back
text: and plonks it on the table.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Life is not always as it seems! (Waving
dialog: his hands) Nothing in my hands, nothing
dialog: in my hands.
text: He makes something appear in his palm, it’s a coin.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Impressed) Very good!
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Wait! I haven’t finished...
text: Amelia watches on, intrigued.
text: Samuel places the dome over the coin. He grabs a spoon
text: and taps it on the top for special effect. He whips the
text: lid off and underneath is a bird. A real, live bird.
text: Amelia laughs with surprise.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (Shocked) How did you do that!
text: The bird flaps around on the table. Samuel does an
text: impromptu jig around his mum, very pleased with himself.
text: She laughs, enjoying his dance. She tries to grab hold of
text: his arm. He wriggles free, happy, laughing.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Come here...
text: Amelia finally catches his arm, drawing him to her. She
text: hugs him and puts him on her lap. He stops wriggling
text: around and settles in, relishing his mother’s love.
text: A quiet beautiful moment, neither of them say a thing.
text: Amelia rubs her son’s back, he snuggles into her.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
text: (Quietly, after more than a moment) Happy
dialog: birthday sweetheart.
text: Sam breaks into a smile. He closes his eyes and leans
text: into his mother, his face beaming.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
