dialog: 
scene_heading: THE COMPANY OF WOLVES
dialog: unauthorized transcript
dialog: of the film by
dialog: Neil Jordan and Angela Carter
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS -- DAY
text: High angle crane shot of an old well, crumbling, surrounded by dead trees
text: and brown leaves. Crane down to ground level as a large German Shepherd runs
text: around from behind the well and noses at something hidden in the long dry
text: grass at the base of the old well.
text: CLOSEUP of a Victorian china BOY doll lying in the grass, the dog's nose
text: nuzzling at it.
text: The dog runs off left.
text: Brow of hill: dog races up towards camera and runs past.
text: Bare ground and a blasted tree; camera tracks left as the dog runs through
text: shot and off left.
text: A rotting fallen tree; the dog leaps over it into camera and runs past,
text: dislodging a large toad which falls out of shot.
text: A stream running between low banks; the dog leaps from right bank to left
text: and out of shot, startling a large raven into the air.
text: Bare trees; tilt down to show a roadway and a silver bmw speeding towards
dialog: camera.
text: Tracking shot (as if from car) following the dog as it races through the
text: trees beside the road; slow zoom in on dog.
text: The roadway; in extreme foreground a large rat scurries away off left as the
text: bmw approaches.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE -- DAY
text: The rear of a large three--story country house, cream--coloured and
text: resplendent in an expanse of green lawn and trees. ALICE, an adolescent girl
text: in a long white dress runs away from camera towards the house and up the
dialog: back stairs.
text: The front of the house seen through open, ornate wrought--iron gates; the
text: silver BMW comes into shot at left and wheels away down the drive towards
text: the house. The dog races into shot in close pursuit.
text: The dog dashing along the drive.
text: Low angle (as if from the dog's pov) of the car turning in the drive.
text: The dog runs after it.
text: Rapid track in on the rear of the car as it pulls to a stop in front of the
dialog: house.
text: The front entrance as ALICE emerges and runs down the front steps; track
text: back to include the car as the passenger door opens and MOTEER emerges,
text: wearing a smart grey suit, and kisses ALICE.
dialog: ALICE: Hello, mummy!
dialog: MOTHER: Hello, darling.
dialog: ALICE: Any presents for me?
dialog: MOTHER: A surprise.
dialog: ALICE: What?
dialog: MOTHER: You know!
dialog: ALICE: No I don't - what?
text: They move to the back of the car, where FATHER has opened the hatchback
text: trunk and is unloading bags of groceries. MOTHER pulls out a small potted
text: palm wrapped in brown paper and hands it to ALICE.
dialog: MOTHER: Where is she? Did she miss tea again?
text: ALICE as she takes the plant; we notice that she has a small silver crucifix
text: on a chain around her neck.
dialog: ALICE: She said she had tummy--ache. . .
text: FATHER and MOTHER continue to unload the car.
dialog: ALICE: (os). . . so she's sulking in her room.
dialog: FATHER It's her age.
dialog: ALICE: She's a pest!
dialog: MOTHER: So were you once! Now go and wake her.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE -- DAY
text: Medium shot through the half--open front door onto the driveway, the car
text: partially visible, as the dog lopes through the door past camera into the
dialog: house.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE -- DAY
text: alice walks from car carrying the potted palm and a plastic carrybag; track
text: with her as she runs up the front steps.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE -- DAY
text: High angle through banisters down to the main floor as the panting dog runs
text: up the stairs past camera.
text: alice runs into front room past a large dark Victorian sideboard, puts the
text: plant down onto a table beside a large divan, drops the carrybag onto the
text: divan and runs up stairs at left.
scene_heading: INT. ROSALEEN'S ROOM -- DAY
text: A shelf full of Victorian toys and bric--a--brac; at screen right is a
text: Pierrot doll with hanging legs in puffed white pantaloons, the legs swinging
text: gently. Ticking of clock audible.
scene_heading: INT. HALL -- DAY
text: ALICE rushing up stairs past camera.
dialog: ALICE: Pest, pest!
scene_heading: INT. ROSALEEN'S ROOM
text: close shot of a porcelain grandMOTHER doll with wire--framed spectacles and
text: a ruffled bonnet, moving slightly in what seems to be a light breeze.
text: Ticking clock.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE
text: FATHER and MOTHER carrying plastic bags of groceries from the car towards
dialog: the house.
dialog: MOTHER: I want you to have a word with her.
dialog: FATHER: Well, I have - I've tried. . . I've been upstairs to see her. . .
dialog: MOTHER: Yes, but not -
dialog: FATHER: She always tells me I don't understand her.
dialog: MOTHER: Oh, that's ridiculous.
dialog: FATHER: Well, she's right.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE
text: The landing as dog runs up stairs past old wooden furniture, a large house
text: plant on a small table, and goes off left.
text: Low angle up another flight of stairs as the ALICE runs in at right, up the
text: stairs and off left.
text: Dog rounds corner at top of stairs and runs towards camera down a corridor;
text: camera tracks back in front of dog. Old, peeling radiators.
text: Reverse low angle shot (as if dog's pov): camera tracks quickly along the
text: corridor, which has an old faded carpet and large, dark oil portraits
text: propped up on the floor against the walls on either side.
text: Dog stops outside ROSALEEN's room and sniffs at the door.
text: ALICE runs along the downstairs corridor away from camera, past the old
text: furniture and the house plant, and mounts the stairs.
text: The dog is sitting outside the door as the ALICE reaches the top of the
text: stairs in bg. and runs towards the camera. She reaches the door and pushes
text: irritably at the dog.
text: She shoves at the dog impatiently.
dialog: ALICE: Go away!
text: She knocks sharply at the door.
scene_heading: INT. ROSALEEN'S ROOM
text: A white dress hanging on the back of the door; grandMOTHER doll visible at
text: the left of the door.
dialog: alice (off): They want you downstairs! You have to come out sometime - you
dialog: can't sulk in there forever! Open the door! Open it! You've been at my
dialog: lipstick too, haven't you! Pest!
text: During this the camera tracks in and pans slowly left to show the
text: grandMOTHER doll on a shelf beside the door; then an antique dresser with an
text: oval mirror, in which we see ROSALEEN reflected asleep on her bed; a clock,
text: a disarranged box of Kleenex, then the bed itself with ROSALEEN fully
text: dressed atop it, curled asleep.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: ALICE at the door.
dialog: ALICE: What makes you so different anyway! Buck Teeth! Come on out -
scene_heading: INT. ROSALEEN'S ROOM
text: ROSALEEN tossing in her sleep. We see that she has on bright red lipstick
text: and rouge, and is wearing a white blouse with red and purple hearts on it.
text: Beside her lie a round hand mirror and a lurid teenage magazine.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
dialog: ALICE: Pest! It's not because I want you, either -
scene_heading: INT. ROSALEEN'S ROOM
text: Profile CS of ROSALEEN asleep.
dialog: ALICE: (off) . . . it's because Mummy wants you!
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
dialog: ALICE: Pest, pest. . .
scene_heading: INT. ROSALEEN'S ROOM
text: ROSALEEN tossing in her sleep.
dialog: ALICE: (off) . . . pest!
text: Camera tracks in and around the bed right to left. A wind begins to blow
text: tissues and papers across the bed around the tossing ROSALEEN. The bright
text: afternoon sunlight on the right side of the room fades and is replaced by
text: cold blue moonlight from the window os left. Music.
text: close shot of the grandMOTHER doll in the blue light.
text: Shot of a soft cloth sailor doll leaning against the window, curtains
text: billowing in the wind and blue moonlight.
text: Camera tracking back left to right as the wind blows harder across ROSALEEN.
text: close shot of the toy shelf; camera pans to the left past a teddy bear to a
text: Harlequin doll, its head ticking back and forth, past a porcelain cat head
text: to the sailor doll against the window; camera moves to window and onto a
text: dream landscape of dark forest and distant mountain. In the distance a wolf
text: howls.
dialog: dissolve to:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - NIGHT
text: Dream forest in thick mist. ALICE runs in at right, freezes in her tracks
text: momentarily as we hear another wolf howl in the distance. She runs left,
text: camera panning to follow her as she runs out of shot left.
text: ALICE runs in at right and towards camera, which tracks back sharply to show
text: the gates from the driveway hanging open, ruined and rusted. ALICE runs
text: through them towards camera and off left.
text: ALICE runs through shot and off left; camera pans to left to reveal a life
text: size sailor doll standing against a rock face. It jerks to life and turns
text: around to camera.
text: close shot of the cloth face of the doll as it turns round and runs jerkily
dialog: off left after her.
scene_heading: INT. ROSALEEN'S ROOM
text: ROSALEEN tossing uneasily in her sleep.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST
text: The white dress hanging from a tree in misty background. ALICE runs in
text: right; camera pans to a life size teddy bear standing against a tree. The
text: ALICE halts and approaches the bear, stroking it as if for reassurance. The
text: bear jerks to life and tries to grab her. She screams and pushes it away,
dialog: running off right.
scene_heading: INT. ROSALEEN'S ROOM
text: ROSALEEN tossing.
text: The sailor doll against the moonlit window.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST
text: The life size sailor doll lumbering forward. ALICE backs into shot from the
text: left, collides with the doll, screams and runs out of shot. The doll
text: collapses limply onto the ground, inert.
text: close shot of the life size teddy bear lifting its head. ALICE screams
dialog: offscreen.
text: close shot ALICE, horrified, as she turns to run.
text: A large doll's house, with light showing through its lower windows (it is
text: markedly similar to the house seen earlier). ALICE enters shot from left,
text: stares at the doll's house, moves forward to swing open a panel which
text: reveals the rooms inside.
text: close shot of the interior: we see a mouse standing upright inside a
text: miniature canopied bed, its snout poking out through the canopy.
text: extreme close shot of the mouse.
text: close shot of ALICE grimacing in disgust.
text: ALICE's hand picks up a piece of miniature furniture and hurls it at the
dialog: mouse.
text: The mouse flinches away.
text: ALICE runs off right.
text: Mouse looking into camera.
scene_heading: INT. ROSALEEN'S ROOM
text: close shot grandMOTHER doll as before.
text: ROSALEEN tossing on the bed, camera tracking around bed to left.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST
text: ALICE running through mist towards camera, which pans left to reveal a large
text: grandFATHER clock shrouded in cobwebs. ALICE stops as the clock strikes once
text: sluggishly and its hands spin erratically.
text: close shot of the clock's base as the door opens and mice spill out onto the
dialog: ground.
text: close shot of ALICE grimacing in disgust.
text: ALICE runs off left.
scene_heading: INT. ROSALEEN'S ROOM
text: extreme CLOSEUP of the Harlequin doll's head ticking back and forth.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST
text: ALICE runs in right and camera pans to show large pipe--like structures (a
text: blast of organ music on soundtrack); at right a bird sits atop one of the
text: pipes looking at ALICE, who pauses and then flees off left.
scene_heading: INT. ROSALEEN'S ROOM
text: extreme close shot of a black and white photograph of ROSALEEN and the dog,
text: propped up on the night table beside the bed, the shadow of the billowing
text: window curtains moving across it.
text: extreme close shot of the porcelain cat head, with the head of the Harlequin
text: doll ticking into shot at extreme right.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST
text: ALICE running past huge mushrooms towards camera and off screen left.
text: ALICE running past a large owl at left; pan to follow her.
text: close shot as the owl whirs into flight.
text: The mushrooms in the mist; at centre screen the owl flies off right as ALICE
text: runs into shot in bg and runs towards camera.
text: ALICE runs left, camera panning with her; she freezes as the pan discloses a
text: pack of wolves standing motionless atop boulders.
text: close shot ALICE screaming in terror.
text: The wolves watching her, motionless.
text: ALICE standing, wolves behind her. They leap down from the rocks as one and
text: she flees off right.
text: close shot of the wolves leaping down from the rocks.
text: Link cut to close shot of same.
text: ALICE fleeing past huge mushrooms; she stops to look back.
text: Wolves racing past a large tree.
text: ALICE runs off.
text: The wolf pack in pursuit.
text: Slow motion shot of ALICE running towards camera, the wolves overtaking her
text: from behind, some running round left to cut her off.
text: ALICE running, wolves closer behind.
text: ALICE reaches a rock face blocking the path, whirls round and screams.
text: Wolves howling, their eyes glowing red.
text: close shot of ALICE helpless at the rock face.
text: wolves rush forward.
text: ALICE as she spins round, screaming, to stare at the rock face.
text: close shot on rock face (as if ALICE's pov) to show a dark gap in the rock,
text: red eyes glowing within.
text: close shot ALICE screaming, her hand at her throat.
text: extreme CLOSEUP of the glowing red eyes.
text: extreme CLOSEUP of ALICE screaming.
text: Wolf pack rushing up the path.
text: close shot of the wolf leaping out from the gap in the rock face.
text: close shot of ALICE screaming in despair and sinking onto the ground.
text: The wolf pack rushes closer.
text: High angle as ALICE throws her arms up and sinks to the ground; the wolf
text: pack rushes into shot in f.g., hiding her from view.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. ROSALEEN'S ROOM
text: ROSALEEN turns over on the bed, smiling.
text: close shot of the window looking out onto the dream nightscape; camera
text: tracks in past the window frame.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST -- DAY
text: dissolve from nightscape to daylight forest scene, autumnal colours. Camera
text: tracks in and pans right to disclose a distant church spire.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHYARD -- DAY
text: Low angle shot of the church, its bell tolling a knell; to the right in f.g.
text: a crane stands on the paved bridge, turning its head to camera.
text: High angle close shot of ALICE with her eyes closed, a garland of white
text: flowers on her brow, dark marks on her throat.
text: close shot of ROSALEEN, a white kerchief on her head, staring down. The bell
text: tolls. MOTHER, wearing a straw bonnet trimmed with white, comes into shot at
text: left, stooping down.
text: ALICE is revealed laid out in a rough wooden coffin, her arms crossed over
text: her breast. MOTHER kisses ALICE's forehead, looks at her sadly, then reaches
text: down to remove the crucifix and chain from around ALICE's neck. Camera pans
text: up with MOTHER as she stands to put it around ROSALEEN's neck. We see GRANNY
text: at right of shot, other mourners behind.
dialog: MOTHER: Say goodbye to your sister now, so you'll never forget her.
text: ROSALEEN looks uncertainly at MOTHER, stoops down to kiss ALICE's forehead,
text: glances again at MOTHER, looks down miserably.
text: Resume on ALICE, as a coffin lids slides up into shot to hide her face.
text: ROSALEEN as she steps back in shock. A crow caws o.s. MOTHER crosses in
text: front of ROSALEEN and out at right.
text: MOTHER walking past church wall to join a group of mourners on the other
text: side of the grave, including FATHER and OLD PRIEST. FATHER puts his arm
dialog: around her.
text: ROSALEEN and GRANNY. GRANNY reaches out and pulls ROSALEEN to her.
dialog: GRANNY: Stay with me, child.
text: She reaches into her bag and pulls out a large gingerbread man.
dialog: GRANNY: Chew on this. It'll keep your mind off things.
text: ROSALEEN takes the cookie and nibbles it tentatively.
text: grave diggers move into f.g. and stoop down out of show as PRIEST begins to
dialog: read the service.
dialog: OLD PRIEST Man that is born of WOMAN hath but a short time to live and is
dialog: full of misery. . .
text: High angle on the coffin as they lift it and remove the boards supporting it
text: over the open grave, then lower it slowly. Camera pulls back to show the
text: sparse village congregation gathered around the grave.
text: shot of a red--haired BOY beside his MOTHER. He lifts his head and smiles at
speaker_heading: ROSALEEN.
text: GRANNY and ROSALEEN. ROSALEEN takes the gingerbread man out of her mouth and
text: sticks out her tongue.
text: The BOY puts out his tongue at her in response. His MOTHER cuffs him
dialog: smartly.
text: ROSALEEN turns her head away.
text: grave diggers begin to spade earth into the grave.
dialog: OLD PRIEST We therefore commit her body to the ground. . .
text: close shot of a spade digging up moist earth.
text: close shot of the coffin in the grave as a clod of earth strikes it and
text: startles a large toad sitting atop the coffin.
text: Another shovelful of earth is lifted.
text: Another clod strikes the coffin and the toad hops away out of shot.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - SUNDOWN
text: A horsedrawn cart coming over the brow of a hill, FATHER and another PEASANT
text: leading the horse. In the cart sit GRANNY and ROSALEEN on the left, MOTHER
text: isolated on the right.
dialog: GRANNY: Your poor sister - all alone in the wood, and nobody there to save
dialog: her!
text: cart with the church spire visible in the distance.
dialog: GRANNY: Poor little lamb!
dialog: ROSALEEN: Why couldn't she save herself?
speaker_heading: CMS ROSALEEN and GRANNY.
dialog: GRANNY: You don't know these things, you're only a child!
text: FATHER and PEASANT pass in front of the camera, blacking out the screen
dialog: momentarily.
text: Dark screen which is disclosed as dark tree trunk as camera pans left to
text: disclose the village in LS, well in the centre. Crane down as cart comes
text: around well and pulls to a stop. FATHER puts down a crate for the women to
text: step down onto; he reaches in to help GRANNY out.
text: Link cut to MCS as he lifts GRANNY down, then ROSALEEN. She clings to him.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Daddy. . .
dialog: FATHER: There, there, pet.
dialog: GRANNY: (offscreen) Shall I take her home. . .
speaker_heading: CU GRANNY.
dialog: GRANNY: . . . with me tonight? Her MOTHER's in no fit state to look after
dialog: her.
text: Resume previous shot as GRANNY's hand comes into shot at right to take
text: ROSALEEN's arm.
dialog: GRANNY: (offscreen) Come, pet.
text: ROSALEEN pulls free and moves to the left, camera panning with her to
speaker_heading: MOTHER.
dialog: ROSALEEN: I want to stay with Mummy.
dialog: FATHER: Mummy's not well. Just for tonight.
dialog: Resume previous shot..
dialog: GRANNY: Come, child, come with me.
text: She moves off left.
text: FATHER puts his hand on MOTHER's shoulder, leads her away gently.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - EVENING
text: GRANNY and ROSALEEN appear in the distance walking along the path. Dark
dialog: music.
dialog: GRANNY: It's a long way through the wood, but safe by daylight. Safe if you
dialog: keep to the path. . . (music drowns out her words)
text: GRANNY stops and goes to a small shrub, picks something.
dialog: GRANNY: There's lots more of these in the wood, if you know where to look!
dialog: ROSALEEN: (looks off right) Berries!
text: She darts away.
text: Shot past a bush of berries in f.g. to ROSALEEN and GRANNY in b.g. ROSALEEN
text: picks a berry and pops it into her mouth. GRANNY flies forward, grabs
text: ROSALEEN and drags her back.
dialog: GRANNY: Don't. . .
text: CLOSE MEDIUM SHOT as she pulls ROSALEEN up from screen left.
dialog: GRANNY: . . . stray from the path, girl! Did you not hear what I told you?
dialog: Once you stray from the path you're lost entirely! (she leads ROSALEEN
dialog: down the path) The wild beasts know no mercy. They wait for us in the wood,
dialog: in the shadow, and once you put a foot wrong -
text: CLOSE TWO SHOT ROSALEEN and GRANNY, who darts her head forward.
scene_heading: GRANNY: - they POUNCE!
text: ROSALEEN starts. GRANNY smiles, pats her cheek.
speaker_heading: GRANNY: There. . .
text: CLOSEUP ROSALEEN, alarmed.
dialog: GRANNY: (offscreen) . . . there, my precious.
text: LONG SHOT: GRANNY leads ROSALEEN along the path.
dialog: GRANNY: Don't take on so. It's something you have to learn, otherwise you'll
dialog: end up like your poor dear sister!
text: MEDIUM LONG SHOT following them past a huge tree; camera pans right to
text: disclose GRANNY's cottage in b.g. ROSALEEN runs ahead towards it.
text: Link cut to MEDIUM SHOT as she runs through a gate in the low stone wall
text: around the cottage. Bird song.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE
text: In the yard is a small apple tree. ROSALEEN bends down and picks up a fallen
text: apple from under the tree.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Granny, can I have one?
dialog: GRANNY: I can't see why not.
text: ROSALEEN bites into the apple, grimaces and spits it out.
text: close shot of the apple in her hand. A large worm wriggles inside the bite
dialog: mark.
dialog: GRANNY: (chuckling) You've got a lot to learn, child.
text: She takes the apple and tosses it away.
dialog: GRANNY: Never stray from the path, never eat a windfall apple . . .
text: She picks another apple from the tree and gives it to ROSALEEN.
dialog: GRANNY: . . . and never trust a man whose eyebrows meet!
text: She strokes ROSALEEN's cheek and goes into the cottage. ROSALEEN bites
text: hungrily into the apple and follows her.
scene_heading: EXT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: A white owl in a tree.
text: The cottage, chimney smoking, under a luminous full moon.
scene_heading: INT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: A cheery fire burning. ROSALEEN is sitting on the floor beside GRANNY in her
text: chair. GRANNY is rolling up a ball of bright red wool.
dialog: GRANNY: The best winter wool, pet, woven across the valley - so good, so
dialog: soft I thought I'd knit a shawl for your sister. But now, you know what I'll
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: ROSALEEN: What, Gran?
dialog: GRANNY: I'll make one for you! A very special shawl for a very special lady.
text: She rubs the wool against ROSALEEN's cheek.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Soft as a kitten.
text: GRANNY smiles down at her, her spectacles lit by the fire; then her
text: expression hardens.
dialog: GRANNY: There's something I should tell you.
speaker_heading: ROSALEEN: (startled) Yes?
dialog: GRANNY: But maybe you`re too young.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Tell me, Gran!
dialog: GRANNY: Too young to understand.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Oh, go on, Gran, tell me!
dialog: GRANNY: Maybe no child is ever too young. (pause) A wolf may be more than
text: he seems. He may come in many disguises.
dialog: ROSALEEN: What's that?
dialog: GRANNY: The wolf that ate your sister was hairy on the outside. But when she
dialog: died she went straight to Heaven. The worst kind of wolves are hairy on the
dialog: inside, and when they bite you, they drag you with them to Hell!
dialog: ROSALEEN: What do you mean, hairy on the inside? Like a furry coat?
dialog: GRANNY: Hush now, foolish child, and listen. Once upon a time there was a
text: WOMAN in the village, and she married a travelling man. . .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Jubilant fiddle music. villagers dance down the path, all garlanded with
text: flowers, surrounding the happy BRIDE and GROOM.
text: He sweeps her into his arms and carries her over the threshold of an
dialog: isolated cottage.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDE'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: The BRIDE and GROOM stand in their night dress before an open window which
text: admits bright moonlight. The BRIDE still has her garland in her hair.
text: GROOM: (turning from the window) They've all gone now.
dialog: BRIDE: It's a shame your people missed the wedding.
dialog: GROOM: (cryptically) Maybe it is and maybe it isn't.
text: She turns and goes to the bed, turns back the covers.
text: close shot as the covers turn back, revealing a tiny hedgehog in the middle
dialog: of the bed.
text: She laughs and scoops it up to show him.
dialog: BRIDE: My brother`s idea of a joke!
text: The GROOM stares at her.
dialog: BRIDE: Why are you staring like that?
dialog: GROOM: Because I've never seen anything like you before.
dialog: BRIDE: Don't they have girls where you come from?
dialog: GROOM: Not like you.
text: She slowly removes the garland of flowers from her hair and puts it aside
dialog: tenderly.
text: In the shadows the GROOM removes his nightshirt.
dialog: BRIDE: Come out of the shadows. Let me see you, my love.
text: He walks forward slowly, the candlelight glowing on his bare chest.
dialog: BRIDE: Are all travelling men as handsome as you?
dialog: GROOM: So you think I'm handsome?
dialog: BRIDE: The first thing I noticed about you - was the way your eyebrows meet.
dialog: GROOM: Does that spoil me then?
dialog: BRIDE: Come to me and I'll tell you.
text: He bends to kiss her. There is a screech and he yelps in pain.
text: The hedgehog on the floor under his feet.
text: He seizes it and goes to the door to throw it out into the yard.
text: The opened door reveals the full moon. Music.
text: The GROOM stops to stare at the moon, leaning weakly against the door jamb.
dialog: BRIDE: My dear?
dialog: GROOM: (thickly) I must . . . just go into the yard. . . for a moment. . .
dialog: BRIDE: Why ever for?
text: He turns his head towards her; his pupils are bright red.
dialog: GROOM: Call of nature.
text: He goes out, shutting the door behind him.
text: She smiles uncertainly, gets into bed and snuggles down against the pillow
dialog: to wait for him.
scene_heading: INT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
dialog: GRANNY: So she waited. . . and she waited. . .
scene_heading: INT. BRIDE'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
dialog: GRANNY (vo): . . . and she waited again.
text: The BRIDE sits up and gets out of bed.
dialog: BRIDE: (to herself, uncertainly) Surely he`s been gone a long time?
text: She walks toward the door. A wolf howls outside.
text: She freezes in terror, then forces herself towards the window.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDE'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: Several wolves in the yard under the blue full moon; one atop the low stone
text: wall barks in answer to distant howling.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDE'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: She recoils in horror.
dialog: BRIDE: No! It can't be!
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAWN
text: VILLAGERS armed with rifles searching through ground mist, moving through
text: the trees towards camera.
dialog: MAN: He upped and ran, that`s all. It was in his blood. Wasn't he a
dialog: travelling man?
text: CLOSE SHOT: BRIDE's hand lifting a dead leaf from the ground to reveal a
text: deep wolf print in the wet earth below.
text: BRIDE bent over at edge of pond. In the pond wades another villager probing
text: the bottom with a long stick. He shakes his head. She looks up right, jumps
text: to her feet.
text: villagers approach down the path at right.
dialog: BRIDE: Anything?
dialog: MAN: Not a hair nor a hide of him. Nor a footprint.
text: She pushes him in the chest angrily, runs back to point to the edge of the
dialog: pond.
dialog: BRIDE: What's that, might I ask? I told you I heard a wolf last night! They
dialog: came and took him while he was making water, when a man. . .
text: She sinks to her knees.
text: CLOSE SHOT as she lowers her head.
text: BRIDE: . . . is at his most defenseless. (looks up in tears) Murderers!
dialog: They're murderers!
text: VILLAGERS look on as she lowers her head and sobs. At screen right a white
text: duck preens itself unconcernedly.
dialog: granny (vo): (over) But she was a young thing. . .
scene_heading: INT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: GRANNY winding the red wool, ROSALEEN listening intently.
dialog: GRANNY: . . . and cheerful of temperament,and she found another husband -
dialog: not too shy. . .
scene_heading: INT. BRIDE'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: close shot of a porcelain chamber pot under the bed.
dialog: granny (vo): . . . to piss in a pot!
text: Pan up to stool on which stands an alarm clock, chiming delicately. The
text: BRIDE's hand reaches out from under the eiderdown to turn it off, then
text: retracts under the eiderdown, her laughter mingling with that of her
dialog: (unseen) husband.
dialog: ROSALEEN (vo): And they lived happily ever after!
scene_heading: INT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
dialog: CMS as before.
dialog: GRANNY: (sharply) Indeed they did not!
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - EVENING
text: The BRIDE, older now, in a cluttered kitchen interior with three small
text: children, all tearful.
dialog: granny (v0) First time passed, happily enough.
text: The BRIDE wipes one baby's face, puts it down.
dialog: BRIDE: What a mess! (baby wails) Oh, don't start!
text: She picks up another baby and dandles it while she peels potatoes angrily.
text: The first baby wails.
dialog: BRIDE: Shut up! Here.
text: She gives the baby a bit of peeled potato.
dialog: granny (vo) Time passed, and she gave him children. And that was a bad time
dialog: for wolves, those years, oh yes! Not a sheep or a cow was safe. But for
dialog: herself all went right as a trivet - until. . .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - NIGHT
dialog: granny (vo) . . . one winter's night. . .
text: Camera pans and tracks through dark trees to show the lighted window of the
text: cottage. Wolves howl in the distance.
text: A ragged figure with long matted hair limps out of the darkness towards the
dialog: cottage.
text: He rubs his hand over a dirty window pane; in the cleared space we see the
text: BRIDE within feeding her children at the table.
text: He limps around the side of the cottage.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: The BRIDE feeding fresh wood into the fire. A heavy knock on the door. She
text: gets up andpens the door to reveal the waiting figure.
text: Her astonished face.
text: The disheveled GROOM walks in slowly. She stares at him.
dialog: BRIDE: My God. . .
text: He glares at the children, sits heavily at the table.
dialog: GROOM: I'm starving.
text: One of the children bursts into alarmed tears. She quickly scoops it away
text: from the table.
dialog: BRIDE: Do you want something to eat?
dialog: GROOM: Didn't you hear me the first time!
text: She ladles out a bowl of soup. He pulls his hair away from his face, leans
text: forward and spoons it up. Baby cries loudly.
dialog: GROOM: Where did these three spring from?
dialog: BRIDE: Out of my belly!
dialog: GROOM: (snarling) Your children - but not my children! Whore! Adulteress!
text: She backs away from him.
dialog: GROOM: You hoped I'd never come back!
text: He overturns the table.
dialog: BRIDE: I thought the wolves had taken you!
dialog: GROOM: Better a wolf than a whore! If I were wolf once more, I'd teach this
dialog: whore a lesson!
text: He tears his shirt open.
text: She throws a ladle full of soup in his face.
text: He screams and covers his face with his hands.
text: She stares at him.
text: He rips away the skin from his face.
text: She stares, transfixed with horror.
text: He rips the skin from his face and neck with a skeletal hand.
text: The hand claws at her; she beats it off and backs away behind a post.
text: The hand peels his face entirely away, revealing a bloody grinning skull.
text: She cowers.
text: The hand rips his hair off; the naked bloody skull turns.
text: It howls.
text: She screams.
text: The skull elongates into a wolf's skull.
text: She runs to the children and hugs them to her.
text: The wolf skull howls; the skeletal hand claws at the air.
text: She clutches the children around her, screaming.
text: The body erupts into a bloody wolf's frame.
text: The head snarls at her.
text: The bloody wolf moves towards her.
text: The door opens and her SECOND HUSBAND comes in.
text: She screams to him.
text: He turns.
text: His hand seizes an axe leaning against the wall.
text: The wolf, now covered with fur, turns on him.
text: He swings the axe.
text: Slow motion: the wolf's severed head flies off.
text: Slow motion: it soars through the air.
text: Slow motion: it strikes the far wall and tumbles down.
text: Slow motion: it lands in a bucket of milk and submerges. The GROOM's
text: original hand some head resurfaces and floats on the milk, its eyes closed.
text: The BRIDE straightens and walks across the room to stare down at the bucket.
text: The SECOND HUSBAND watches her darkly.
text: She kneels down beside the bucket.
text: Her hand touches the floating head gently.
dialog: BRIDE (wondering) He looks just the same. . .
text: She looks up at her SECOND HUSBAND.
dialog: BRIDE . . . as the day I married him!
text: The SECOND HUSBAND strides forward.
text: He slaps her across the face. She gasps, looks down.
text: The head floating in the milk.
scene_heading: INT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: ROSALEEN listening, seen past GRANNY's hands as they wind the red wool.
dialog: ROSALEEN: I'd never let a man strike me.
dialog: GRANNY: Oh, they're nice as pie until they've had their way with you. But
dialog: once the bloom is gone, oh, the beast comes out.
dialog: ROSALEEN: When the wolves, though - when the real wolves. . .
text: LOW ANGLE CLOSEUP of GRANNY seen past ROSALEEN.
dialog: ROSALEEN: - when the real wolves mate, do the dogs beat the bitches
dialog: afterward?
dialog: GRANNY: Animals! All wild animals!
text: Her face changes.
dialog: GRANNY: Well, that's enough. . .
text: CLOSEUP of her hands putting the ball of red wool down on a table.
dialog: GRANNY: . . . wool for tonight.
text: CLOSEUP of GRANNY, smiling.
speaker_heading: GRANNY: Bedtime.
text: CLOSEUP of ROSALEEN.
text: CLOSEUP of GRANNY: she removes her glasses, rubs her eyes with her left
text: hand, her silver wedding ring prominent. She folds up her glasses.
text: CLOSEUP of her hands putting the glasses down beside the wool.
dialog: GRANNY: What about a kiss for Granny?
text: ROSALEEN looks away.
dialog: GRANNY: Don`t I deserve a kiss for my story?
text: ROSALEEN gets up.
text: MEDIUM PROFILE TWO SHOT: she kisses the OLD WOMAN's cheek dutifully.
speaker_heading: GRANNY: The best of all girls!
text: She gets up and takes the candle from the table.
text: CLOSEUP of the candle next to a metal ornament: a squat toad with an erect
text: cobra rearing above it.
text: GRANNY walks to camera with candle, which goes out of focus.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: The full moon seen through trees. Crickets humming.
text: The white owl takes flight from a tree.
scene_heading: INT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: CLOSEUP of the toad ornament shining in the moonlight.
text: ROSALEEN and GRANNY in bed side by side, GRANNY in her nightcap (as
text: grandMOTHER doll seen earlier), the candle burning on the night table beside
dialog: the bed.
text: CLOSEUP: the ermine lifts it head.
text: MEDIUM SHOT panning along the table to the toad ornament.
text: CLOSEUP: the ermine swivels its head, hissing softly.
text: MEDIUM SHOT panning around the bed. Music. GRANNY snores softly. ROSALEEN
text: sits up.
text: We hear a wolf howl in the distance.
text: MEDIUM SHOT tracking in on the window and strange Victorian paraphernalia on
text: the table. Music.
text: CLOSEUP ROSALEEN as she glances at GRANNY uneasily, settles down again.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: ROSALEEN and GRANNY walking along the path, GRANNY talking indistinctly.
text: A toad crouches on a rock and watches them pass.
text: HIGH ANGLE SHOT down on them as they round a bend in the path.
dialog: GRANNY: Of course you won`t stay a young girl much longer. Your mummy and
dialog: daddy will need all the help they can get. Just grow wise, learn all that
dialog: you can, now that your sister is gone.
text: They pass under a tree.
text: GRANNY's ermine lifts its head and howls.
text: A snake coiled around a low branch of the tree.
text: ROSALEEN and GRANNY walk on unawares.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - DAY
text: The village children are playing blind man's bluff.
text: The BOY, blindfolded, staggers forward and grabs hold of ROSALEEN.
text: BOY (pulls off blindfold, reacts) Cor!
text: GRANNY grabs him by the ear.
dialog: GRANNY: Caught you, you snotty-nosed ragamuffin!
dialog: BOY I caught Rosaleen!
dialog: GRANNY: Oh no, nobody catches my little princess!
text: She boots him smartly in the rear.
dialog: GRANNY: Come along, my child.
text: The children rush off giggling wildly.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - NIGHT
text: Lights in windows gleam through the dark.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: ROSALEEN's MOTHER ladles out soup sadly.
dialog: MOTHER: There's too much food now there's just the three of us.
dialog: FATHER: Don't grieve. Least said soonest mended.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - DAY
text: ROSALEEN goes out to the well carrying a bucket. Doves fly out of the well,
dialog: startling her.
text: She fills her bucket.
dialog: BOY: Rosaleen! Shall we play now?
speaker_heading: ROSALEEN: Play what?
dialog: BOY: A game!
dialog: ROSALEEN: I know a good game. Close your eyes. Now, come to me.
text: The BOY blunders forward.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Now. Closer, closer. Come on. Closer. There!
dialog: BOY Now what?
text: She empties the bucket of water over him. He splutters.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Olly olly, can`t catch me!
text: She runs off.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROSALEEN'S BEDROOM
text: The harlequin doll's head bobbing back and forth.
text: ROSALEEN asleep in the bed, wind blowing around her.
text: TRACK IN on the window, curtains billowing in the wind, and on the dream
text: landscape beyond it.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: MOTHER gets up from the hearth, looks out the window.
text: FATHER comes into shot and kisses the nape of her neck. She turns to embrace
dialog: him.
text: ROSALEEN in bed, moths circling her candle. She sits up.
text: CLOSEUP of the candle and the circling moths.
text: ROSALEEN reacts to an offscreen noise.
text: MOTHER and FATHER in bed, falling back content against their pillows after
dialog: making love.
text: ROSALEEN sits back against her pillow, uneasy.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - MORNING
text: MOTHER pokes the fire. ROSALEEN sits up in bed behind her.
dialog: ROSALEEN: (uncertainly) Mummy. . .
dialog: MOTHER: Yes, pet?
dialog: ROSALEEN: Does he hurt you?
dialog: MOTHER: (calmly) Does who hurt me?
dialog: ROSALEEN: Does Daddy hurt you. . . when he. . .
dialog: MOTHER: (firmly) No, not at all.
dialog: ROSALEEN: It sounds like. . .
dialog: MOTHER: Like what?
dialog: ROSALEEN: Like the beasts Granny talked about.
dialog: MOTHER: You pay too much attention to your Granny.
text: She sits on the bed beside ROSALEEN.
dialog: MOTHER: She knows a lot, but she doesn't know everything. And if there's a
dialog: beast in men, it meets its match in women too. Understand me? Get up and
dialog: fetch me some water.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - MORNING
text: ROSALEEN taking down sheets that have been hung to dry.
dialog: BOY: rosaleen!
speaker_heading: ROSALEEN: Yes?
dialog: BOY: I've brought you a little present.
dialog: ROSALEEN: What kind of present?
text: He pulls a bunch of wild flowers out of his shirt and holds it out to her.
dialog: BOY: I thought maybe you`d take a walk with me in the wood, on Sunday after
dialog: the service. Just a little walk, Rosaleen.
speaker_heading: ROSALEEN: Why should I?
dialog: BOY I thought maybe you'd want to.
dialog: ROSALEEN: I'd have to ask.
text: She turns away. He calls after her.
dialog: BOY Tell your MOTHER I'll be with you. And we won't stray from the path!
scene_heading: INT. CHURCHYARD - DAY
text: ROSALEEN and GRANNY sitting beside tombstones under a tree; GRANNY is
text: knitting the red shawl.
dialog: GRANNY They're the best of all roses. . . picked from the grave of a
dialog: princess. They came off my best rose tree!
dialog: ROSALEEN: Why can't Mommy grow roses like that?
dialog: GRANNY: (sniffing) It's a question of a green thumb, she lacks that. No hand
dialog: at pastry, either!
text: The OLD PRIEST walks by carrying a ladder, which he places beside the tree.
speaker_heading: GRANNY Good morning, Father!
dialog: OLD PRIEST Good morning!
dialog: GRANNY (to ROSALEEN): They say that priests' bastards often turn into wolves
dialog: as they grow older!
dialog: ROSALEEN: (alarmed) What do you mean?
dialog: GRANNY If the child is born on Christmas Day. If he's born feet first he'll
dialog: be the one, if he's born feet first and his eyebrows meet in the middle! Oh
dialog: yes. . . very bad! One day he'll meet the Devil in the wood. . .
text: ROSALEEN looks up at her.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Mist. A thin BOY creeps through the trees, looking cautiously to left and
text: right. He moves into close shot, and we see that his eyebrows meet.
text: HIS POV: mist in the tress and two points of yellow light that move forward.
text: The BOY, uneasy.
text: The lights approach and are revealed as the headlights of a white limousine.
text: It glides to a silent halt in front of the astonished BOY.
text: Inside the CHAUFFEUR wears a white uniform and cap, with long blonde hair.
text: She turns to look out at the BOY (it is ROSALEEN in a platinum wig). She
text: gets out.
text: Inside the car sits the PRINCE OF DARKNESS contemplating a small skull.
text: She opens the door; the PRINCE looks out.
text: He gestures to the BOY to come closer.
text: He reaches down and produces a small jar.
text: He holds it out to the BOY.
text: The CHAUFFEUR smiles to herself as the BOY takes it.
dialog: PRINCE Now use it wisely!
text: The BOY opens the jar and peers inside.
dialog: PRINCE (smiling) Waste not, want not!
text: He gestures and the CHAUFFEUR closes the door. The BOY backs away.
text: The PRINCE returns to contemplating the skull as the car glides away. The
text: BOY unlaces the top of his jerkin.
text: He watches the car move away into the mist.
text: He puts a finger into the jar and smears unguent onto his chest.
text: The car moves off into the distance.
text: CLOSEUP of the BOY's thin naked chest; pan up to his face.
text: The car is gone.
text: BOY looks down.
text: close shot of his chest: dark hair sprouting.
text: He looks up.
text: Mist where the car disappeared.
text: Hair sprouting thickly on his chest.
text: His feet: vines erupts from the earth and coil around his boots.
text: The BOY's face: he looks down.
text: His chest, now matted with dark hair.
text: Vines wrap around his legs.
text: The climb up his body.
text: He screams.
dialog: BOY No! No!
text: His face distorts with terror.
scene_heading: INT. ROSALEEN'S BEDROOM
text: He is seen in the dresser mirror, screaming.
text: ROSALEEN sits up in bed, turns to look at the BOY in the mirror.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCHYARD
dialog: ROSALEEN: That's a horrid story! I didn't like it at all.
dialog: GRANNY: It's not a story, child, but God's own truth. So if you should spy
dialog: on a naked man in the wood, run as if the Devil himself were after you!
text: The OLD PRIEST comes out of the rectory carrying heavy pruning shears. He
text: takes off his hat and plops it over the top of the tombstone next to GRANNY
text: and climbs up the ladder against the tree.
dialog: ROSALEEN: (whispers) The Devil's one thing, but a priest making babies is
dialog: another! I don't think our priest would have it in him.
dialog: GRANNY: (loudly) You can't trust anyone, least of all a priest! He's not
dialog: called FATHER for nothing! And don't bother to whisper - he's deaf as a
dialog: post!
text: Up in the tree the OLD PRIEST chops at a branch.
text: GRANNY holds out the red shawl.
dialog: GRANNY There - isn't that lovely? All we need is a nice border and fringe.
dialog: See how soft it feels!
text: She holds it out to ROSALEEN who tries it on delightedly.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Soft as snow!
speaker_heading: GRANNY; Red as a berry!
dialog: ROSALEEN: Red as blood.
text: The OLD PRIEST chops another branch.
text: It lands on GRANNY's bonnet.
text: ROSALEEN laughs.
dialog: GRANNY Old fool, want to brain me! What's he up to in the tree, the old
dialog: monkey! FATHER!
text: The OLD PRIEST goes on pruning branches.
dialog: GRANNY FATHER, are you climbing up to Heaven and chopping the rungs of the
dialog: ladder after you? Watch what you're doing! Can you hear me?
dialog: OLD PRIEST Don't make so much clamour in the garden of God's house, you
dialog: irreverent old woman! I heard every word!
dialog: GRANNY (indignantly) Well, what a silly game!
dialog: OLD PRIEST Someone's got to do it! Someone's got to cut away the old wood.
dialog: Even evergreens need pruning!
text: He chops another branch.
text: It falls as GRANNY leads ROSALEEN away.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: ROSALEEN at the window inside looking at a moth caught in a spider web and
text: the enormous spider on the next windowpane.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: ROSALEEN lifts her hand to touch the spider gingerly.
text: FATHER comes in holding wood, pauses to look at her.
text: He goes past MOTHER busy at the stove, puts the wood down on the hearth,
text: picks up the BOY's bouquet from the mantel and sniffs at it theatrically,
text: then bites off one of the flowers and chews it.
dialog: MOTHER: Daddy, leave her be!
text: ROSALEEN jumps up from the window seat and takes the bouquet from him.
dialog: ROSALEEN: He only asked me to walk with him. What's wrong with that?
dialog: MOTHER: All the same, I don't know. It's not as if ==
dialog: FATHER: Ah, where's the harm in it, he's our neighbour's son, she's known
text: him since she was a baby. She still is a baby.
dialog: MOTHER: So was our Alice once.
dialog: FATHER: She'll be gone soon enough, she's so pretty. What is it they say -
dialog: it's not losing a daughter, it's gaining a son?
dialog: ROSALEEN: Stop teasing me, he only asked me to walk with him!
dialog: FATHER: Well, one thing leads to another.
text: MOTHER crosses holding a jug and flicks water from it into FATHER's face.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - MORNING
text: LONG SHOT as before tracking over the treetops to the distant church spire.
text: Church bell pealing.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - MORNING
text: Sunlight blazing through the window. The OLD PRIEST in his surplice walks to
text: the pulpit, humming to himself, mounts it to face the congregation.
text: The congregation, a couple of dozen villagers, ROSALEEN in the centre beside
dialog: her parents.
dialog: OLD PRIEST Isaiah, chapter eleven, verses six to eight. "The wolf also shall
dialog: dwell with the lamb, and the leopard shall lie down with the kid, and the
text: calf and the young lion and fatling together, and the little child shall
dialog: lead them. And the cow and the bear shall feed their young ones together.
dialog: And the lion shall eat straw with the ox, and the suckling child shall play
dialog: on the whole of the ass, and the weaned child shall put his hand on the
dialog: cockatrice's den. They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain,
dialog: for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord, as the waters
dialog: cover the sea.รถ
dialog: Under this:
text: The BOY beside his FATHER. He turns to look behind him at ROSALEEN.
text: ROSALEEN looks up at him, grins crookedly.
text: GRANNY starts up out of a doze, looks around her.
text: The BOY turns back; his FATHER grins down at him proudly.
text: ROSALEEN"s FATHER looks across at her, leans over to whisper to MOTHER.
text: PRIEST in the lectern.
speaker_heading: GRANNY asleep.
text: PRIEST smiling.
text: ROSALEEN glances up at the ceiling.
text: HER POV: spiders clustered in a web on the underside of a lamp. One falls.
text: ROSALEEN looks down.
text: A spider falls onto her open prayer book. More fall. Her hand calmly brushes
dialog: them away.
text: PRIEST seen over the heads of the congregation.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - DAY
text: The BOY and ROSALEEN walking away together. ROSALEEN wearing her red shawl.
text: villagers on the church steps watch them go.
dialog: BOY'S FATHER: (proudly) That's my BOY!
text: ROSALEEN'S PARENTS come out of the church, GRANNY and the OLD PRIEST behind
dialog: them.
dialog: GRANNY Don't stray from the path!
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: ROSALEEN and the BOY walk past a charcoal burner feeding his fire along the
dialog: path to the wood.
dialog: BOY: When do you have to be back, ROSALEEN?
text: ROSALEEN: (curtly) Soon.
dialog: BOY: Why are you so crabby today? I thought you wanted to come!
dialog: ROSALEEN: So what if I did?
dialog: BOY: Well, you should. . .
dialog: ROSALEEN: What should I?
text: The BOY shyly runs his hands up her shawl, strokes her cheek.
dialog: BOY Well, you know. . .
dialog: ROSALEEN: I don't know. Look!
text: She points to a white dove in a tree, runs towards it. The BOY follows
text: determinedly.
dialog: BOY Pretty, but not as pretty as you!
text: He kisses her cheek. She pushes him away.
dialog: BOY Wasn't that nice?
speaker_heading: ROSALEEN: No.
text: She runs off down the path. He puffs out his cheeks in exasperation, follows
dialog: her.
text: ROSALEEN pushes through undergrowth at the side of the path.
text: The BOY runs along the path, stops as he sees ROSALEEN standing motionless
text: against a tree. He goes to her.
dialog: BOY: What's wrong, ROSALEEN? Don't you like me?
dialog: ROSALEEN: Oh no, I like you. I like you well enough.
dialog: BOY: Well why won't you kiss me? (She looks down) You're afraid, aren't
dialog: you?
dialog: ROSALEEN: I'm not afraid!
dialog: BOY: Well?
text: She leans forward and kisses him on the mouth. He responds eagerly. She
text: pulls away.
dialog: BOY That wasn't very good. Give me another!
dialog: ROSALEEN: (pushing him away) Have to catch me first!
text: She runs off. He pursues but trips and falls flat on his face.
text: ROSALEEN crouches down in the underbrush.
speaker_heading: BOY ROSALEEN!
text: ROSALEEN runs through the mist.
speaker_heading: BOY: (os) ROSALEEN!
text: She looks back. A rainbow appears across the path behind her.
text: She runs on.
text: The BOY searches more desperately.
speaker_heading: BOY: ROSALEEN!
text: ROSALEEN runs off the path right; camera focuses on the snake dangling from
text: a tree branch.
text: Extreme high angle shot from atop a dead tree down onto ROSALEEN running
text: into shot below. She looks up at the tree.
text: ROSALEEN at the tree base looking up. She looks around, smiles, looks up
dialog: again.
text: She begins to climb.
text: CLOSEUP of the snake coiled around the branch.
speaker_heading: ROSALEEN climbs.
text: She reaches the upper part of the tree.
text: The BOY runs along the path.
dialog: BOY: Rosaleen! Rosaleen! Where are you?
text: Camera cranes up to show the hem of ROSALEEN's red cloak above him in the
text: tree. He runs unawares off down the path.
text: ROSALEEN climbs higher.
text: Ecstatic music as she reaches the top of the tree, where there is a large
dialog: bird's nest.
text: She looks up happily. We hear a bird cry off.
text: Long shot of ROSALEEN atop the tree, a bird flying off into the distance.
text: close shot of the inside of the nest, which contains white feathers, four
text: grey eggs and a hand mirror.
text: ROSALEEN leans forward.
text: Her hand takes the mirror.
text: She looks at herself in it.
text: High angle shot of her legs dangling over space.
text: Her hands open a small jar, which contains rouge. She rubs some onto her
dialog: index finger.
text: She rubs it onto her lips.
text: CLOSEUP of the nest and her hand holding the mirror, her face reflected in
text: it. Beside the mirror the eggs one by one crack and open, revealing tiny
dialog: homunculi inside.
text: ROSALEEN reaches forward.
text: Her hand takes one of the glistening little figures.
speaker_heading: EXT. PATH
text: The BOY runs desperately along the path. He stops in horror.
dialog: BOY: Oh Jesus!
text: A calf stands next to a dead heifer, its throat torn and bloody.
text: The BOY runs off shouting.
dialog: BOY: Wolf! Wolf!
text: Mist rising about the dead heifer and its desolate calf.
text: CLOSEUP of a wolf, its eyes blazing, its muzzle bloody.
text: ROSALEEN walks along the path, contemplating the little figurine in her
text: cupped hands.
text: CLOSEUP of the wolf looking down (as if at her).
speaker_heading: INT. BARN
text: The BOY runs in shouting.
dialog: BOY: Wolf! Wolf!
text: He trips and falls amidst the pigs.
text: His FATHER reacts.
dialog: BOY: (exhausted) Wolf. . . !
text: ROSALEEN's FATHER rushes forward.
dialog: FATHER: Where's my daughter? What have you done with my daughter?
text: He hauls the BOY to his feet as other villagers crowd around them.
dialog: MOTHER: Where's ROSALEEN?
dialog: BOY: She ran away from me!
dialog: BOY'S FATHER: Get your hands off him!
scene_heading: MOTHER: ROSALEEN!
dialog: BOY'S FATHER: Don't you hit my boy!
dialog: FATHER: Your son left my only daughter to the mercy of the wolves!
dialog: BOY'S FATHER: A daughter's one thing, a heifer's another!
text: They fight. ROSALEEN's MOTHER grabs a bucket of water.
dialog: MOTHER: I'll cool you off!
text: She dashes the water over them. They separate sheepishly, revealing ROSALEEN
dialog: standing in the b.g.
text: MOTHER reacts.
dialog: MOTHER: My darling! Where have you been? And in such a state!
dialog: ROSALEEN: (quietly) Look, Mummy.
text: She raises her cupped hand.
text: CLOSEUP of the little homunculi.
text: MOTHER smiles tenderly at her.
text: CLOSEUP of the figurine, a tiny tear dripping from one eye.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Camera pans across dark trees to show the lights of the village far below.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: FATHER clicks his rifle shut, gets up. ROSALEEN helps him into a heavy dark
dialog: cloak.
dialog: MOTHER: Take care, won't you? And take this.
text: She holds up a crucifix on a chain. He knocks it aside with the barrel of
dialog: his rifle.
dialog: FATHER: No. This is all these beasts understand. Kill them before they kill
dialog: you.
text: He goes out. Thunder. MOTHER hugs ROSALEEN.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Heavy autumn mist. The villagers walk in single file carrying flaming
dialog: torches.
dialog: OLD VILLAGER Keep close! There was once a village so plagued by the beats
dialog: they drew one up in the bucket of the well!
dialog: FATHER: Hush your antique gossip unless you want the wolves to hear it!
text: The BOY trudges behind his FATHER, clutching a white duck.
scene_heading: INT HOUSE - NIGHT
text: MOTHER is bathing ROSALEEN before the fire.
dialog: MOTHER: You're such a big girl now, aren't you? Come on, hold still! There
dialog: you are, big girl! Just be careful of those boys if they take you in the
dialog: wood again.
dialog: ROSALEEN: (scornfully) What boys? Clowns are what the village boys are!
dialog: MOTHER: Your Granny spoils you - makes you think you're something special.
dialog: That red shawl!
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: The villagers are digging a pit and lopping down branches to conceal it.
dialog: OLD VILLAGER: If you think the wolves are big now you should have seen them
dialog: when I were a lad! Monsters they was - that's the truth! Veritable monsters.
dialog: Big as a man - bigger!
text: The BOY clutches the duck fearfully.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: ROSALEEN wrapped in a sheet drying herself by the fire.
dialog: ROSALEEN: When will Daddy have done with the killing?
dialog: MOTHER: When the beast is dead, and not until the beast is dead. We won't
dialog: live quiet until then.
text: ROSALEEN gets up, holding the sheet around her, and walks to look out of the
dialog: window.
text: HER POV: the full moon outside. A VILLAGER walks past huddled against the
text: cold. Wind blows.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Be winter soon.
dialog: MOTHER: Hard winter. A hard winter brings out the wolves. Thank God we're
dialog: safe indoors!
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: The BOY holds the duck. The pit is completed and covered with branches.
dialog: FATHER: We must hide in the trees!
dialog: BOY'S FATHER: BOY! Quickly!
text: The BOY runs forward and puts the duck atop the branches concealing the pit.
dialog: FATHER: Douse the lights! Into the trees! Quietly!
text: They disperse.
text: The BOY'S FATHER clasps the BOY to him behind a tree.
text: The duck flaps its wings.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: MOTHER and ROSALEEN in two-shot.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Granny says wolves may not always be what they seem.
dialog: MOTHER: How can a wolf be worse than it already is?
dialog: ROSALEEN: Not worse, but different. Maybe it isn't the wolf's fault, Mummy.
dialog: Maybe. . .
dialog: MOTHER: Maybe what?
dialog: ROSALEEN: Maybe once upon a time. . .
dialog: MOTHER: Are you going to tell me a story?
dialog: ROSALEEN: Maybe I am. (smiles) Once upon a time. . . there was a WOMAN in
dialog: the valley.
speaker_heading: MOTHER: Um.
dialog: ROSALEEN: And the son of the big house did her a terrible wrong.
dialog: MOTHER: Oh. . .
dialog: ROSALEEN: So she came to his wedding, to put wrong to right.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. TENT - DAY
text: A lavishly appointed pink tent. A SERVANT enters carrying a bottle of wine
text: in a silver ice bucket, followed by another SERVANT. A string trio plays in
text: the background. GUESTS are assembled along lengthy tables placed
text: perpendicular to the main table where the BRIDE and GROOM sit together. The
text: SERVANT pours wine for the GROOM. The GUESTS eat and drink greedily and
text: noisily.
dialog: DRUNKEN GUEST (overheard): My dear, she was a beautiful thing. No one would
dialog: have suspected a thing.
text: The GROOM leans over to whisper in the BRIDE's ear.
text: A SERVANT enters bearing a cushion on which rests a sword. The BRIDE and
text: GROOM rise together, the GROOM takes the sword and they turn, the BRIDE
text: putting her hand atop his on the sword, and ceremonially cut into the bottom
text: layer of a massive tiered pink wedding cake. General laughter.
dialog: GUEST: (with his mouth full) Ladies and gentlemen, a toast! To the bride
dialog: and groom!
dialog: GUESTS: To the bride and groom!
dialog: DRUNKEN GUEST: Come on, lad, kiss the girl!
dialog: GROOM: (laughs) With pleasure!
text: He whispers in her ear.
dialog: GROOM A taste of what's to come!
text: They kiss. General exclamations.
text: An OLD WOMAN eating a chicken leg greedily.
text: Another WOMAN feeding her lap dog.
text: The prolonged kiss ends as the BRIDE pulls away decorously.
dialog: GUEST Well done, sir! Very good!
text: The DRUNKEN GUEST drinks from his wine glass.
text: The string trio resumes playing.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY
text: Music heard distantly. Crows caw as a PEASANT WOMAN emerges from the trees
text: and walks slowly towards camera.
text: The house and the tent beside it. Peacocks call as she walks calmly into the
dialog: tent.
scene_heading: INT. TENT - DAY
text: The tent entrance seen from behind the BRIDE and GROOM.
dialog: GROOM Your every happiness, my dear.
text: The WOMAN comes into the tent. The GROOM sees her and freezes in shock.
text: He slowly lowers his glass.
text: The BRIDE sees his expression and turns.
text: Camera tracks in on their startled expression.
text: The WOMAN walks towards them, then along the table.
text: She turns into profile: she is heavily pregnant.
text: She looks at the assembled GUESTS with hostile curiosity. An ornate MIRROR
text: comes into shot behind her on the tent wall.
text: The GUESTS whisper excitedly. The musicians play on.
text: The WOMAN takes an apple from the table and bites into it.
text: The GROOM's face as she approaches him.
text: She spits the bite of apple out at him.
text: GUESTS gasp as the GROOM recoils. Music stops.
text: The WOMAN stands with the mirror behind her.
dialog: WOMAN: So - I wasn't good enough for you. I was, once. . .
text: CLOSEUP of the appalled BRIDE.
dialog: WOMAN: Once upon a time. . .
text: The OLD WOMAN still chewing the chicken leg, her mouthing the only sound in
text: the still tent.
dialog: WOMAN: Don't you remember?
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP GROOM.
dialog: WOMAN Don't you?
text: The BRIDE turns to look at the GROOM, then looks back at the WOMAN.
text: The OLD WOMAN goes on eating.
text: The WOMAN stands in front of the mirror, in which we can see the BRIDE and
text: GROOM reflected with other GUESTS.
dialog: WOMAN: The wolves in the forest are more decent!
text: CLOSEUP GROOM. The music resumes.
text: CLOSEUP WOMAN in front of the mirror. Its surface warps and bends.
text: The WOMAN spins round to stare into the mirror.
text: The mirror cracks and splinters. We hear screams.
text: She smiles coldly.
text: In the distorted mirror we see the GROOM and BRIDE fall back into their
dialog: chairs.
text: The WOMAN laughs harshly.
text: CLOSEUP of a hand covered with hair grasping a wine glass and crushing it.
speaker_heading: The WOMAN laughs.
text: CLOSEUP of a man's boots under the table as they split open and clawed paws
dialog: emerge.
text: CLOSEUP WOMAN turning, her eyes blazing.
text: In the distorted mirror we see the GROOM writhing.
text: Another pair of shoes splits open to reveal claws.
text: The WOMAN laughing.
text: The hairy hand bleeding from the fragments of the wine glass.
text: More shoes splitting open.
text: The OLD WOMAN staring, fangs protruding from her open mouth.
text: The WOMAN looks right and left.
text: CLOSEUP of a hairy hand rising to paw at a hairy bodice.
text: The OLD WOMAN looking down in horror.
text: The hand ripping open the bodice to reveal hairy breasts.
speaker_heading: The WOMAN laughs.
text: The OLD WOMAN"S fanged face in the distorted mirror.
text: The WOMAN stares proudly.
text: A guest transformed entirely into a wolf in fine clothes leaps down from the
text: table, an astonished SERVANT staring.
text: Hairy legs pumping and kicking off shoes. Jaunty music.
speaker_heading: The WOMAN laughs.
text: Feet kicking.
text: The WOMAN looks left, eyes blazing.
text: The DRUNKEN GUEST, now completely transformed, rips his wig off.
speaker_heading: The WOMAN laughs.
text: The wolf gulps from its wine glass.
text: The WOMAN leans over backwards laughing.
text: The table, all the GUESTS now wolves.
text: The musicians play on unperturbed.
text: Track along the table of wolves in fine clothes.
speaker_heading: The WOMAN laughs.
text: A SERVANT represses a smile.
text: The WOMEN stares at the wolves.
text: The wolves leap down, scattering cutlery and glasses.
text: A huge vase of flowers crashes down onto the table.
text: A SERVANT stands impassive as wolves leap about him.
text: A candelabra smashes down onto the table between two wolves.
text: Another vase of flowers topples from its stand, narrowly missing the SERVANT
dialog: beside it.
text: Wolves leap down past a statue of Cupid holding a bunch of grapes.
text: The distorted mirror reflecting wolves leaping down.
text: The wedding cake collapses.
text: The SERVANTS stand behind the table as it collapses under the weight of the
dialog: wolves.
text: The pack of wolves rush out of the entrance to the tent,
text: SERVANTS on either side looking at each other in amazement.
scene_heading: EXT. TENT - DAY
text: The pack of wolves rush past an astonished peacock and vanish into the
dialog: trees.
scene_heading: INT. TENT - DAY
text: More wolves rush out past SERVANT.
text: The distorted mirror reflects the fallen table and the SERVANTS standing
dialog: behind it.
text: The WOMAN turns from the mirror, smiles and bows her head with
text: exaggerated politeness. In the mirror we see the SERVANTS all bow to her as
dialog: one.
text: She makes an exaggerated curtsey and sweeps out of the shot; in the mirror
text: we see the SERVANTS helping themselves to wine.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ROSALEEN and MOTHER.
dialog: MOTHER: (astonished) Where did you hear a story like that?
dialog: ROSALEEN: It's not a story, but God's honest truth! Granny told me.
text: MOTHER reacts.
dialog: ROSALEEN: And after that, the WOMAN made the wolves come to sing to her and
text: the baby at night. Made them come and serenade her.
dialog: MOTHER: (laughing) But what pleasure could there be in that? Listening to
dialog: a lot of wolves! Don't we have to do it all the time?
dialog: ROSALEEN: The pleasure would come. . .
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: The WOMAN rocking a cradle suspended from a tree branch.
dialog: ROSALEEN: (VO) . . . from knowing the power that she had.
text: Music. Wolves are heard howling in the distance. Track back as the WOMAN
text: laughs triumphantly.
text: CLOSEUP of the BABY in the cradle, the WOMAN's hand fondling it.
text: Stormy clouds seen through bare tree branches. Wolves howl.
text: The WOMAN stands over the cradle, crooning to it.
scene_heading: EXT. WOOD - NIGHT
text: Leaves falling in autumnal mist.
text: villagers crouched din the trees, waiting. The duck quacks.
text: Thunder. A huge wolf lopes along the path.
dialog: BOY Daddy - !
text: The SMITH claps his hand over the BOY's mouth.
text: The wolf approaches.
text: The duck on the path, the wolf in b.g.
text: A VILLAGER levels his rifle.
text: The wolf sniffs the air, its eyes glowing.
text: CLOSEUP of the duck quacking nervously.
text: The wolf crouches.
text: ZOOM IN on the duck.
text: Low angle slow motion shot of the wolf springing.
text: The wolf crashes down into the concealed pit.
text: The duck flies off in terror.
text: The SMITH releases the BOY and rushes forward.
text: The VILLAGER lowers his rifle and runs forward.
text: villagers holding flaming torches crowd around the pit. They fire their guns
text: into it repeatedly, smoking rising.
text: Flash shot of the wolf's head looking up.
text: The villagers fire relentlessly.
text: The BOY peers down into the pit from between his FATHER's legs, flattens as
text: his FATHER fires his pistol down into the pit. The BOY looks up as the
text: firing ceases. Gunsmoke rises silently from the pit.
text: The villagers bring their torches closer.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: FATHER enters and throws his rifle down into the corner. MOTHER rushes to
text: close the door after him.
dialog: MOTHER: (crosses herself) Praise be to God!
text: FATHER sits heavily at the table and holds up something wrapped in a cloth.
dialog: FATHER: When I cut it off the carcass for a trophy it was the forepaw. . .
dialog: the forepaw of the biggest wolf I ever saw.
text: MOTHER backs away and goes to ROSALEEN.
dialog: MOTHER: The wolf that killed our Alice?
dialog: FATHER: Aye, may be.
text: He puts the bundle on the table. MOTHER and ROSALEEN stare at it.
dialog: FATHER: When I cut it with the knife it was a forepaw, I swear, of a grizzle
dialog: giant wolf. . . and then before my very eyes. . .
text: He unwraps the bundle. MOTHER gasps and clutches ROSALEEN.
text: It is a severed man's hand, with a large ring on one finger.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Whose is it, Daddy? Is it someone you knew?
dialog: FATHER: What do I know whose hand it is! All I know is what I see.
dialog: MOTHER: Get it out!
dialog: ROSALEEN: Was it a man or a wolf you killed?
dialog: FATHER: When I killed it it was a wolf, and it turned into a man. Seeing is
dialog: believing.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Is it? What about - touching?
text: She moves calmly to the table and reaches out to the severed hand.
text: MOTHER seizes her and drags her away.
dialog: MOTHER: Get it out!
dialog: FATHER: Whatever it is, now it's dead meat!
text: MOTHER turns her face away.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Do we bury it or burn it, Daddy?
text: FATHER stares at her, leaps up and flings the hand into the fire.
text: close shot of it burning.
text: They all stare at it. ROSALEEN moves forward, bends down to look at it.
text: CLOSEUP of the hand burning in the fireplace.
text: CLOSEUP of ROSALEEN staring at it.
text: CLOSEUP of the hand burning.
scene_heading: INT. ROSALEEN'S BEDROOM
text: ROSALEEN asleep, tears streaming down her face, blurring her makeup.
text: A tear falling and hitting the floor, splashing into hundred of tiny
text: droplets. Musical chord.
text: The sailor doll against the blowing window curtains.
text: Another tear splashing, and another. Musical chords.
text: Harlequin doll, motionless.
text: Three more tears splashing to the floor. Musical chords.
text: ROSALEEN asleep, tossing restlessly.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - WINTER MORNING
text: Snow on the ground. The smith working the bellows of his forge.
text: The SMITH takes a glowing horseshoe out of the forge with long tongs and
text: carries it right to the anvil, where the BOY stands waiting to steady it
text: with another set of tongs. SMITH hammers at the horseshoe while we see
text: ROSALEEN emerge from the cottage in b.g., wearing an apron; the BOY looks up
text: and sees her. She bends down to throw grain to the geese, then goes back
dialog: inside.
text: The BOY uses his tongs to dip the horseshoe into a bucket of water; steam
text: hisses up. He holds up the horseshoe and examines it critically, looks o.s.
text: after ROSALEEN and smiles.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE
text: MS of MOTHER and ROSALEEN, ROSALEEN now wearing her red wool shawl; MOTHER
text: is packing a basket of food.
dialog: MOTHER: You're besotted with that old lady, and her old wives' tales. Maybe
dialog: you shouldn't go.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Daddy killed the great wolf. I'll be safe in the forest now,
dialog: Mummy.
dialog: MOTHER: Mind you don't stray - and take something to protect yourself with.
text: ROSALEEN picks up a long sharp carving knife.
dialog: ROSALEEN: How about a knife?
dialog: MOTHER: You're not afraid of anything, are you? You're a fearless child,
dialog: I'll say that. I suppose your Granny will ask you to stay the night. You
dialog: always were her favorite.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Of course I'll stay the night if she asks me - it'd be rude not
dialog: to. She is my grandmother, and she may not have a kind word for you, but
dialog: she's always been good to me. She's all alone out there, Mummy.
text: MOTHER takes down a black stoppered bottle.
dialog: MOTHER: Maybe you're right and maybe you're not. (puts bottle into basket)
dialog: Give her that from me. And don't stray now, Rosaleen! I trust you. You won't
dialog: be lucky twice.
text: MOTHER opens the door and ROSALEEN goes out, carrying the basket.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - DAY
text: The BOY stands by the smithy whittling at a stick with his pocket knife. He
text: ducks out of sight as ROSALEEN emerges from her house in b.g., and dodges
text: round behind the smith to see where she is headed. He takes a few last cuts
text: at his stick, then hurries after her, dodging past men pushing heavy carts.
text: ROSALEEN walks along the snowy path, past a large white rabbit.
text: She walks past men pushing heavy mine carts filled with ore. The BOY runs
dialog: after her.
speaker_heading: BOY ROSALEEN!
text: She stops and turns as he runs up.
dialog: BOY Where are you going?
dialog: ROSALEEN: To see my Granny.
dialog: BOY: It's a long ways through the woods! Let me come with you - you'd be
dialog: safe with me!
dialog: ROSALEEN: (scornfully) Go into the woods with you? After what happened
dialog: last time?
dialog: BOY (brandishing his knife) I'll protect you!
text: ROSALEEN smiles and produces her own, larger knife.
dialog: ROSALEEN: No. I've got this to protect me.
text: She brushes past him and runs off., He tries to follow but his path is
text: blocked by men pushing carts.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: ROSALEEN pushes on. Camera lingers momentarily on the snake in b.g.
text: CLOSEUP of a large toad atop a snow-covered rock.
text: ROSALEEN crouches down beside it.
text: The toad leaps away abruptly.
text: ROSALEEN looks up in alarm, reaches for her knife, stands up warily.
text: She backs up, spins around.
text: HER POV: a bird flies off through the woods.
text: ROSALEEN backs up in the other direction - directly into the HUNTSMAN
text: standing smiling behind her. She whirls round in fright. He doffs his hat to
text: her with exaggerated courtesy, speaks with a distinct Continental accent.
speaker_heading: HUNTSMAN: Miss?
dialog: ROSALEEN: Where did you spring from?
dialog: HUNTSMAN: Did I scare you? I am sorry.
dialog: ROSALEEN: At least you have your clothes on. Huntsman, are you? Lost your
dialog: horse?
dialog: HUNTSMAN: Lost my horse and lost my companions, young lady.
dialog: ROSALEEN: And lost your way too.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: I do believe I just found it.
text: She backs away.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: I say, do you think you could spare me a drink out of that?
dialog: ROSALEEN: It's for my Granny.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: I know the very place up the way for a picnic!
text: He takes the basket from her, offers her his arm, and leads the way.
text: CLOSEUP of the toad on the snow.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING - DAY
text: The HUNTSMAN and ROSALEEN sitting in the shelter of a few large trees, where
text: the snow is not so deep.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: I have the most remarkable object in my pocket. That means I never
dialog: lose my way in the woods.
dialog: ROSALEEN: In your pocket, you say?
dialog: HUNTSMAN: This object goes everywhere with me - that is, whenever I wear my
dialog: trousers.
text: ROSALEEN hands him a crisp cake. He bites into it hungrily.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: Umm. (holds it out to her) Go on, bite it.
text: She leans forward; he retracts his hand puts the cake into his mouth,
text: extends it to her. She nibbles tentatively from the protruding end and then
text: backs quickly away. He smiles, uncorks the bottle, swigs from it.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Don't you know how strong that stuff is? A man in our village
dialog: keeps a still - he's the reddest nose you ever saw. He tells lies, too. Like
dialog: you. I don't believe there is such a thing.
text: The HUNTSMAN springs to his feet.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: Seeing is believing.
text: He takes something out from his trousers pocket, kneels down beside ROSALEEN
text: and holds it out to her. She looks. He opens it: a pocket compass.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: The little needle always points north, no matter where I go, so I
dialog: always know exactly where I am.
text: ROSALEEN takes the compass and examines it.
dialog: ROSALEEN: I don't believe it, even though I see it.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: It was this compass that brought me safe through the wood.
dialog: ROSALEEN: But you lost your way in the wood.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: (caressing her hair) But I found you. Are you sorry?
dialog: ROSALEEN: I'm not sorry. They're clowns, the village boys.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: Well, then.
dialog: ROSALEEN: But don't you know you should never leave the path?
dialog: HUNTSMAN: I just got onto the path. I was perfectly safe before.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Aren't you afraid of the wolves?
dialog: HUNTSMAN: Why should I be frightened of wolves?
dialog: ROSALEEN: You must know the worse wolves are hairy on the inside.
text: He leaps to his feet in indignation.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: Old wives' tales! Peasant superstition! What, a bright young girl
dialog: - pretty, intelligent girl like you believing in werewolves!
dialog: ROSALEEN: But my Granny said that -
dialog: HUNTSMAN: For believing in old wives' tales, you deserve . . . to be
dialog: punished!
text: He seizes ROSALEEN and kisses her, rolling her onto the ground. She laughs.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: I'll show you I'm not afraid of the wolves, ROSALEEN. I'll make a
dialog: bet with you. I'll bet you anything you like that I get to your Granny's
dialog: house before you do.
speaker_heading: ROSALEEN: How?
dialog: HUNTSMAN: I'll use my compass to help me cross the country while you trudge
dialog: along the dreary path!
dialog: ROSALEEN: Bet me your compass.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: Bet me your heart's desire.
dialog: ROSALEEN: And if I lose?
dialog: HUNTSMAN: You can give me . . . a kiss!
text: They sit up.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: Here - take my hat as a token of good will. Wear it, until we meet
dialog: again.
text: He puts it on her head, gets up and goes without another word.
text: ROSALEEN looks at herself in her hand mirror, the hat perched jauntily atop
dialog: her head.
text: She gets up and hurries along the path.
text: CLOSEUP of the hand mirror abandoned in the snow, with a large raven
text: standing beside it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: Snow falling. Owls hoot. The HUNTSMAN moves rapidly and surely through the
dialog: woods.
text: He approaches the cottage, goes through the gate.
text: He pauses, puts his hand to the game dangling from his belt, puts a finger
text: to his mouth - leaving a smear of blood on his lips.
text: Drops of blood fall onto the snow at his feet.
text: He moves on towards the cottage, his eyes aflame.
scene_heading: INT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: GRANNY sitting dozing over the Bible in her rocking chair before the fire. A
text: heavy knock on the door.
speaker_heading: GRANNY (rousing) Who is it?
dialog: HUNTSMAN: (os; falsetto) Only your granddaughter.
text: GRANNY Lift up the latch and walk in.
text: CLOSEUP of GRANNY: we see the door reflected in her eyeglasses as the door
text: opens and the HUNTSMAN enters.
speaker_heading: GRANNY God save us!
text: Her ermine lifts its head and hisses; the HUNTSMAN whirls round in surprise.
text: GRANNY staggers to her feet, holding her Bible in front of her like a
dialog: shield.
dialog: GRANNY Get you back to Hell from which you came!
dialog: HUNTSMAN: I don't come from Hell. I came from the forest.
dialog: GRANNY What have you done with my granddaughter?
dialog: HUNTSMAN: Nothing she didn't want!
text: She hurls the Bible at him.
dialog: He ducks.
text: It falls open against the far wall.
text: She grabs his gun and knocks him onto the floor with it. He howls in pain
dialog: and fright.
text: She looks down at him.
text: He turns his head, extending an impossibly long tongue.
text: She recoils in horror.
text: She turns and seizes the poker out of the fire, swinging it at him with all
text: her strength as he bounds to his feet.
text: He grabs the red-hot end of the poker and screams in pain.
text: He drops it, extending his smoking palm.
text: He turns and aims a blow at her.
text: The blow knocks her head off.
text: The severed head flies through the air (slow motion).
text: He stares at it.
text: Slow motion: GRANNY's head strikes the wall and shatters into china
text: fragments and floating grey hair.
scene_heading: EXT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: ROSALEEN approaches through the falling snow.
scene_heading: INT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE
text: EXTREME CLOSEUP of the HUNTSMAN's yellow eye as he rocks back and forth in
text: GRANNY's chair by the fire.
scene_heading: EXT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE
text: ROSALEEN approaches the gate.
scene_heading: INT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE
text: The HUNTSMAN rocking in the chair.
text: extreme CLOSEUP of his yellow eye as he rocks slower and slower. . .
scene_heading: EXT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE
text: ROSALEEN looks up at the sky. A wolf howls in the distance.
text: her pov: a full moon. The HUNTSMAN's eye dissolves in over the moon. More
text: wolves howl.
scene_heading: INT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE
text: extreme CLOSEUP of the HUNTSMAN's eye as the rocking chair slows and comes
dialog: to a stop.
scene_heading: EXT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE
text: ROSALEEN looking up at the moon; she looks down at her feet.
text: her pov: the blood on the snow.
text: She moves on hurriedly towards the cottage.
scene_heading: INT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE
text: The door seen past the HUNTSMAN in the chair. A knock.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: (falsetto) Who's there?
dialog: ROSALEEN: (os) Only your granddaughter.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: (falsetto) Lift up the latch and walk in.
text: ROSALEEN enters and stares at the HUNTSMAN.
dialog: ROSALEEN: So. You got here before me just as you said you would.
speaker_heading: HUNTSMAN: I did.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Where's my Granny?
text: HUNTSMAN: Gone out to the woodpile, to fetch more logs.
dialog: ROSALEEN: A real gentleman would never let an old lady go out, not on a
dialog: night like this.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: She won't be long.
text: ROSALEEN goes to the window and pulls back the curtain.
dialog: ROSALEEN: She's not there.
text: She turns and looks at him, then darts for the door, but he leaps up into
text: her path. She backs away from him.
text: Her heels comes down onto GRANNY's glasses, smashing them.
text: She looks down at them, then across at the fireplace.
text: her pov: grey hair burning in the grate.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Is that all you left of her? Your kind can't stomach hair, can you
dialog: - even if the worst wolves are hairy on the inside!
dialog: HUNTSMAN: What do you know about my kind?
dialog: ROSALEEN: (groping behind her) My GRANNY told me plenty!
text: Her hands find the knife in the basket behind her. She brandishes it, and he
text: leaps forward to seize it.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: Are you very much afraid?
dialog: ROSALEEN: It wouldn't do me much good to be afraid, would it?
text: He forces her down onto her knees on the floor.
dialog: ROSALEEN: What big eyes you have!
dialog: HUNTSMAN: All the better to see you with.
dialog: ROSALEEN: They say seeing is believing, but I'd never swear to it.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: You must be wet through. Why don't you take off your shawl?
text: She shudders. He gently unties it, pulls her to her feet and removes the
dialog: shawl.
dialog: ROSALEEN: What should I do with it?
dialog: HUNTSMAN: Into the fire with it - you won't need it again.
text: She kneels down and puts it into the fire.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Your kind can't stomach clothes either.
text: CLOSEUP of the red shawl burning. Wolves howl outside.
text: She looks up.
dialog: ROSALEEN: who's come to sing us carols then?
dialog: HUNTSMAN: Only my companions, darling. I love the company of wolves. Look
dialog: out of the window and you'll see them.
text: He sinks back grinning into the rocking chair. ROSALEEN goes back to the
text: window and looks out.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Poor creatures. It's freezing cold out there, no wonder they howl
dialog: so.
scene_heading: EXT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE
text: her pov: wolves on the stone wall outside, their eyes glowing.
scene_heading: INT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE
dialog: HUNTSMAN: Are you sorry for them?
dialog: ROSALEEN: Yes. And for you too!
text: She seizes his rifle from where it was leaning against the wall and levels
text: it at him. He leaps to his feet.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: You're a bold fearless girl, aren't you? And now you must give me
dialog: back my gun, my dear.
text: He moves towards her.
text: She shakes her head and fires.
text: An ornament on the shelf shatters into fragments.
text: He falls to the floor, howling in fear.
text: He looks up at her.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Are you our kind, or their kind?
dialog: HUNTSMAN: Not one kind or the other. Both.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Then where do you live? In our world, or in theirs?
dialog: HUNTSMAN: I come and go between them. My home is nowhere.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Are you only a man when you dress that way - like GRANNY said?
text: He looks down, unbuttons his shirt and pulls it off, spreading his bare
dialog: arms.
dialog: ROSALEEN: My, what big arms you have.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: The better to hug you with.
text: He rises and approaches her slowly.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Well. . . perhaps. . . you did win your bet, didn't you - you
dialog: gentleman, you fine gentleman. They say the Prince of Darkness is a
dialog: gentleman. They're right. A fine gentleman.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: (smiling) Gentlemen always keep their promises. Do ladies keep
dialog: their promises? Indeed I won my bet. So now, you owe me. . .
speaker_heading: ROSALEEN: I remember.
dialog: HUNTSMAN: . . . a kiss. Will you be honourable and pay me, or not?
text: He slowly takes her face into his hands and kisses her. She suddenly pushes
text: him away; he stumbles to the floor.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Jesus, what big teeth you have!
dialog: HUNTSMAN: All the better to eat you with.
text: ROSALEEN seizes the rifle and fires at him. He clutches his shoulder and
text: falls howling to the floor.
text: He rocks back and forth, howling.
text: His back heaves.
text: His long tongue emerges.
text: Hair sprouts along his heaving back.
text: ROSALEEN backs away.
text: He screams.
text: His face splits open and a wolf's head emerges from within.
text: His back splits to let the wolf's body emerge.
scene_heading: EXT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE
text: The full moon in the sky.
text: The wolves on the wall howling.
scene_heading: INT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE
text: pan up from the fire to ROSALEEN's face where she stands against the wall.
dialog: ROSALEEN: I'm sorry.
text: We hear the sound of the wolf whining.
dialog: ROSALEEN: I never knew a wolf could cry.
text: She moves to the grey wolf sitting on the hearth and hugs it.
scene_heading: EXT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE
text: The wolves leap down from the wall and disperse into the night.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE
text: ROSALEEN cradles the wolf tenderly.
dialog: ROSALEEN: Leaving you, are they? You'll be all alone. I'll tell you a story
dialog: of a wounded wolf. . .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - NIGHT
text: track in on the well. Wind blows. Pigeons erupt into the shot.
speaker_heading: ROSALEEN (vo) Once upon a time. . .
text: The well mechanism, cogs turning.
dialog: ROSALEEN (vo) . . . when the village was asleep. . .
text: The edge of the well: a wolf appears over the lip, its eyes glowing in the
text: dark. It lifts its muzzle exploratorily, looks into the camera.
dialog: ROSALEEN (vo) . . . a she-wolf came, from the world below to the world
dialog: above.
text: A cottage window, which lights up as someone inside approaches the window
text: holding a candle.
text: The wolf on the well lifts its head in response to a distant howling, and
text: howls back.
text: It lowers its head and jumps down out of shot.
text: Wolf moves away from the well uncertainly.
text: It looks about.
text: It trots away from the village towards the bridge.
dialog: ROSALEEN (vo) She meant no harm. . .
text: The wolf on the bridge, the church spire visible in b.g.
dialog: ROSALEEN (vo) . . . to anyone, but someone meant harm to her.
text: Cottage door opens; pan down to reveal a MAN holding a rifle.
dialog: He fires.
text: CLOSEUP as the bullet strikes the wolf's leg.
text: It wheels around, yelping with pain.
text: It flees over the bridge towards the church, whining.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: The she-wolf limps through the underbrush, panting in pain.
dialog: ROSALEEN (vo) So she ran. . . and she ran. . .
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHYARD - NIGHT
dialog: ROSALEEN (vo). . . and she ran again. . .
text: The wolf limps up the stone steps leading to the rectory.
text: The wolf hesitates, her eyes glowing.
text: CLOSEUP of light shining out from beneath the door.
text: The wolf lowers her head and whimpers.
text: She limps further up the steps to the door.
text: She wheels and runs back down as the door opens and the OLD PRIEST emerges.
text: He looks out into the misty churchyard.
dialog: OLD PRIEST Who's there? Who's there?
text: The wolf looks out from behind a tombstone.
text: The OLD PRIEST comes down the steps slowly; camera PANS right to reveal the
text: WOLF GIRL crouching down where the wolf was previously.
text: She is naked, her body hidden by her long black hair, holding out her arms
dialog: in supplication.
text: The OLD PRIEST recoils in alarm.
dialog: OLD PRIEST This is holy ground!
text: The WOLF GIRL holds out her arms.
text: The OLD PRIEST extends his arms.
text: Their hands meet.
dialog: OLD PRIEST Can you speak?
text: He kneels down beside her.
text: Her face is streaked with tears.
dialog: OLD PRIEST Are you God's work, or the Devil's? (she looks away) Oh, what do
dialog: I care whose work you are. . .
text: He takes her wounded arm and wraps a cloth around it.
dialog: OLD PRIEST . . . you poor, speechless creature?
text: He smiles reassuringly at her as he wraps the bandage tightly.
text: He puts one hand to her wet cheek.
dialog: OLD PRIEST It will heal. . . in time.
text: He holds her, stroking her hair gently. Camera pans away amongst the
dialog: tombstones.
dialog: ROSALEEN: (vo) And the wound did heal. . .
text: The WOLF GIRL's tear-stained face.
dialog: ROSALEEN (vo) . . . for she was just a girl after all. . .
text: INSERT: CLOSEUP of a white rose in full bloom.
text: ROSALEEN (vo) . . . who had strayed from the path in the forest. . .
text: Slowly the rose opens and turns deep red.
text: CLOSEUP of the WOLF GIRL weeping.
text: ROSALEEN (vo) . . . and remembered what she'd found there.
text: INSERT: the rose turns completely red as it opens fully.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: The WOLF GIRL moves slowly through the underbrush.
text: The village with the church spire in b.g.
dialog: ROSALEEN (vo) So back through the forest she ran and ran. . .
text: The WOLF GIRL creeps across the bridge, her long hair hiding her naked form.
text: She moves across the bridge.
text: She approaches the well.
dialog: ROSALEEN (vo) . . . to the well,and the village, from whence she came. . .
text: She approaches the well cautiously, then climbs up onto the lip.
text: She slowly lowers herself down into the well.
text: ROSALEEN (vo) She crept inside, to the world below . . .
text: close shot of the WOLF GIRL's spread hand disappearing over the lip of the
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: ROSALEEN on the hearth petting the docile wolf.
dialog: ROSALEEN: And that's all I'll tell you, because that's all I know.
text: The wolf licks her hands and face.
scene_heading: EXT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: The full moon in the winter sky.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - MORNING
text: The BOY leads the armed villagers along the path towards Granny's cottage.
text: BOY: ROSALEEN! ROSALEEN!
text: MOTHER and FATHER lead the way to the cottage.
text: Slow motion: the front window shatters as the wolf leaps through it.
text: MOTHER turns to watch it escape, glances back at FATHER, goes to the front
dialog: door.
text: She pushes it open, to reveal a silver wolf waiting calmly within.
text: MOTHER walks forward slowly.
text: The wolf looks up at her.
text: MOTHER stares.
text: Around the wolf's neck hangs ROSALEEN's rosary, the silver cross dangling
text: between the wolf's front paws.
text: FATHER rushes in and aims his rifle.
dialog: MOTHER: (screaming) NO!
text: She knocks the rifle up as FATHER fires.
text: The blast blows a hole in the cottage roof.
text: The wolf turns and leaps through the shattered window.
text: MOTHER and FATHER watch it go.
scene_heading: EXT. GRANNY'S COTTAGE
text: The wolf bounds over the low stone wall towards the woods.
text: The villagers react. MOTHER leans out of the shattered window, screaming.
dialog: MOTHER: No! Don't shoot!
speaker_heading: BOY: (desperately) ROSALEEN!
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: The two wolves run together through the woods.
text: They leap over the doll's house in the path.
text: They leap over the life size sailor doll lying face down on the path.
text: They leap over the life size teddy bear, knocking its head off.
scene_heading: INT. ROSALEEN'S ROOM
text: Camera tracks around ROSALEEN lying curled asleep on the bed, cradling the
dialog: hand mirror.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS
text: The entire pack of wolves rushes up the path.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE
text: The wolves rush through dusty corridors full of discarded furniture and
dialog: Victoriana.
text: CLOSEUP of an old oil portrait in a heavy frame; in slow motion a wolf
text: bursts through the painting and into the room.
text: More wolves follow through the picture frame.
text: They rush up a staircase towards the attic.
text: They rush down the corridor and mill outside ROSALEEN's room.
scene_heading: INT. ROSALEEN'S ROOM
text: ROSALEEN sits up in alarm.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: The wolves outside her door.
scene_heading: INT. ROSALEEN'S ROOM
text: ROSALEEN clutches the covers up around her. She looks towards the window,
text: panting with fear.
text: The window, its sill laden with old toys and books; in slow motion a single
text: wolf crashes through the glass panes into the room. ROSALEEN screams.
text: close shot of her screaming in terror.
text: The wolf coming through the window in slow motion.
text: Toys and fragments of glass cascade in slow motion onto the floor and
text: shatter.
speaker_heading: ROSALEEN (vo):
dialog: Little girls, this seems to say:
dialog: Never stop upon your way;
dialog: Never trust a stranger friend
dialog: No one knows how it will end.
dialog: As you're pretty, so be wise
dialog: Wolves may lurk in every guise
dialog: Now, as then, 'tis simple truth:
dialog: Sweetest tongue hides sharpest tooth.
speaker_heading: MUSIC AND CREDITS
dialog: (function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){
scene_heading: (i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),
scene_heading: m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)
dialog: })(window,document,'script','//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');
speaker_heading: ga('create', 'UA-67290913-1', 'auto');
dialog: ga('send', 'pageview');
dialog: 
