dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE MECHANIC
dialog: 
dialog: Written by
dialog: Karl Gajdusek &amp; Lewis John Carlino
speaker_heading: DRAFT: 07/17/2009
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: "Pleased to meet you, hope you guess my name
dialog: But what's puzzling you, is the nature of my game."
dialog: The Rolling Stones, 1968
dialog: 
dialog: 1.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S STUDY - NIGHT
text: CLOSE on the needle of a precision-weighted 33rpm turntable.
text: It comes down, touches vinyl. The Rolling Stones "Sympathy
dialog: for the Devil" purrs out...
text: ARTHUR BISHOP (40's) Sitting in a comfortable wooden chair,
text: stares right through us. Lean, hard, in perfect physical
text: shape. In this moment, carrying the stillness of someone
dialog: utterly in balance. For all we know, he's been sitting this
dialog: way for hours.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (V.O.)
dialog: Every man has a death that's right
dialog: for him. Every one.
text: REVERSE to find a wall of photographs, charts, official
text: documents. In the center A PHOTOGRAPH of a man, mid-40's,
text: East-Indian, dressed like the billionaire he is. Dodi Fayed
text: meets Bill Gates. THE MARK.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: For every man, there's a way to
dialog: leave this earth which is so right
dialog: for them, it's almost as if they
dialog: carry it with them.
text: MOVING over the wall. MORE PHOTOGRAPHS. The Mark escorted
text: from a bullet-proof sedan by ear-wired men. Entertaining at
text: a palatial estate. Magazine covers: "The billion-dollar
dialog: lifestyle." "The new Playboy." ...passing over smaller
dialog: articles: "What does this man do with your money?"
speaker_heading: BISHOP (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: When the right death overtakes a
dialog: man, there will be grief in those
dialog: who knew him, but there will also
dialog: be a sense of inevitability.
dialog: Because they will know, that of
dialog: course...
text: CLOSE ON BISHOP. Statue-like, except his eyes which dart
text: across the wall in front of him, making connections...
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL RACETRACK - DAY
text: VINTAGE RACE CARS speed by, a blur of color. But all we hear
dialog: is the Rolling Stones' song. And...
speaker_heading: BISHOP (V.O.)
dialog: ...Of course, this was always going
dialog: to happen this way.
text: WHOMP! The SOUND OF THE RACE floods in as the cars blow by,
text: revealing Bishop amidst onlookers, watching, calculating.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 2.
text: BISHOP'S P.O.V.: Two cars TANGLE in a corner, SPIN to a
text: stop, crushing a half-million in beautiful restored antique.
text: The Mark climbs from his wreck, tosses his helmet, pissed.
text: Bishop raises a camera, takes a picture.
scene_heading: EXT. BISHOP'S STUDY - DAY
text: Bishop at his wall again, this time actively engaged, working
text: it. A picture of the Mark in his vintage car goes up,
text: underneath, Bishop tacks a stats page: "Fatality in auto
dialog: accidents by type of impact. Head on, Side rear,..."
text: Off to the side, bank statements, cash transfers. Saudi
dialog: Arabia. Chechnya. United Arab Emirates.
text: Bishop tacks more photos up. The Mark, getting off a private
text: plane, the Mark, playing Polo...
scene_heading: EXT. POLO GROUNDS - DAY
text: WHACK! A Rider SLAMS a ball forward, spurs his horse
text: onwards, bearing down on the ball... and SLAM! Another Rider
text: comes in from the side, sends the man crashing off his horse.
text: The second man, the Mark, takes a second to gloat over his
text: fallen opponent before CHARGING onwards.
text: IN THE STANDS. Bishop watches, takes a note on a pad.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S STUDY - DAY
text: Bishop keeps working, the wall completely covered now. Lists
text: of possible deaths have been ordered, drawbacks circled.
text: Bishop scans over various magazine covers featuring the Mark.
text: One with a vintage hunting rifle slung low in his arms,
text: unbroken. "American Dream or American Nightmare?"
text: Bishop stares at this. Eyes moving over the wall, accident
text: stats, a copy of a hunting-club reprimand... he's arrived.
scene_heading: INT. RIVERWAY - NIGHT
text: Bishop stands in front of a moving riverway, his body
text: sheathed in a black slicksuit, backpack on. He slips into
text: the water and starts to SWIM.
text: We STAY with Bishop as he SWIMS HARD, powerfully, not tiring.
text: Finally, we PULL AWAY, across miles of water, realizing this
dialog: is what Bishop will swim without stopping.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 3.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND SHORE - NIGHT
text: A pair of ARMED SECURITY patrol a wooded shore. One lifts a
text: pair of binoculars, scans the shore as BEHIND THEM, a form
text: moves from behind a tree, blends into the woods.
text: ON BISHOP. Moving fast, silent, towards a LIT STRUCTURE in
dialog: the distance...
scene_heading: INT. HIDEAWAY - NIGHT
text: BLACK. The SENSE that someone is in here with us...
text: A LOW GREEN GLOW illuminates Bishop in a TINY, CRAMPED,
text: COMPARTMENT. No way to know what or where. The glow, coming
text: from his watch, illuminates his face, crammed and
text: claustrophobic. An eye checks the time, the light goes out.
text: Just the sound of his breathing...
scene_heading: EXT. SPORTS CLUB WOODS - MORNING
text: CRACK! CRACK! PLUMES OF SMOKE rise from the end of vintage
text: hunting rifles. Game birds scatter into the air. Dogs BARK,
text: tear through underbrush. MEN dressed in traditional hunting
text: livery move through foggy woods, followed by STEWARDS.
text: This is old school hunting, old school weapons. Camera finds
text: The Mark, raising his weapon, sights... BLAM! A PHEASANT
text: falls, dogs race after it. The Mark starts forward but is
text: interrupted by his Steward reminding him to break his weapon
dialog: as the other hunters have.
text: The Mark pushes the man back, ignoring him, hurrying on. At
text: a small distance, two unhappy private security guards follow.
scene_heading: INT. HIDEAWAY - NO TIME
text: BLACKNESS. A soft BEEPING, almost inaudible. A low rustle
text: of cloth, then the green glow illuminates Bishop's face as he
text: checks the time again. Hasn't moved in HOURS.
scene_heading: EXT. SPORTS CLUB WOODS - MORNING
text: The Mark stumbles forward, over-eager to get to his prize.
text: He's worked his way ahead of the field. The MIST has grown
text: thicker. Human forms move on all sides, hard to distinguish.
text: CRACK! CRACK! Guns go off around them. Dogs rush by. The
text: Mark brings the weapon to his face... BLAM!! The shot echoes
text: through the foggy woods.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4.
scene_heading: INT. SPORTING CLUB - DAY
text: The Mark, pleased with himself as always, bursts into the
text: lodge, gun over his shoulder. A round of APPLAUSE as his
text: Steward holds up the morning's catch.
text: He pushes on into the locker rooms as one security takes
text: station at the door. The second emerges from the lockers,
text: having just done his sweep.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM, SPORTING CLUB - DAY
text: The Mark leans his vintage hunting rifle against the wall,
text: opens his locker. He kicks off his boots, pulls off his
text: shirt. Takes a second to rub his face with his hands. It
dialog: can be exhausting being him.
text: Behind the Mark, a locker door opens and closes. Like a
text: ghost did it. He doesn't sense a thing, reaches for his
text: weapon, accidentally knocks it to the side. It LANDS, HARD.
text: The Mark WINCES, half expecting it to fire. But no.
text: He starts to lean down for it when another man's gloved hands
text: reach it first. The Mark smiles down at the well-dressed man
text: crouched by the gun, a little confused.
text: Bishop looks up, smiles back. He puts out a gloved hand.
text: Before the Mark can consider, he's taken Bishop's hand.
text: Bishop holds tight. The Mark's smile... fades.
text: Even though we know it's coming, Bishop's actions are so fast
text: and final we're taken by surprise. He PULLS the Mark in as
text: at the same time he cocks the rifle's hammer, slams the gun
text: into position, barrel pointed up and BOOM!
text: The shot hits the Mark in the face, obliterates him, sends a
text: plume of gore up against the ceiling.
text: One, two seconds before the Mark's SECURITY rush into the
text: room, guns lined. First sees the mess, puts a hand to his
text: mouth. Second starts on the radio.
text: The room is empty.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - AFTERNOON
text: A vintage 1972 Shelby Cobra parked by the edge of the river.
text: Bishop emerges from the water, pops the trunk of the car.
text: Towel and large rock inside. He towels off, tosses the suit
text: and the rock into his pack, pack goes into the river. He
text: grabs a sweater from inside the trunk.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 5.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Bishop gets behind the wheel, dressed. He checks himself in
text: the rearview, finds a bead of sweat traveling from his brow.
text: Wipes it away, irritated, and starts the car.
scene_heading: EXT. LOCAL GROCERY - EVENING
text: Establishing. A quaint local convenience store off a two-
text: lane road, nestled amidst trees. Bishop's vintage car pulls
text: up and he gets out.
scene_heading: INT. LOCAL GROCERY - CONTINUOUS
text: Door jingles as Bishop steps in, smiles to the GROCER, a
text: friendly beefy guy in his 60's who checks the clock. 7:00 on
text: the nose.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: 'Evening, Arthur. Got your weekly
dialog: right here.
text: The man hoists two bags of groceries onto the counter.
text: Bishop comes forward, sees the Owner's DAUGHTER behind the
text: counter. 12, precocious, reading a dog-eared kid's book.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Hey, Sophie. I got something for
dialog: you, wanna see?
text: The girl smiles, puts down the book and comes over. Bishop
text: crouches in front of her. He puts out two empty hands, shows
text: them back and front, then tickles one ear with a hand while
text: the other "appears" a small daisy.
text: The girl sees it, smiles... a little disappointed.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm just kidding.
text: Bishop reaches into his jacket, pulls out the next
dialog: installment in the kid's book she's reading: A series
text: featuring a young female Harry-Potter like character on the
text: cover: LUNA CROMWELL.
text: Sophie BEAMS, takes it. A quick hug and she's back to her
text: seat, opening the new book.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: What do you say, honey?
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Thank you, Bishop.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: You're very welcome.
text: And she's back into the book. Bishop smiles, a little sad.
text: It was nice... but the moment's over. He stands and collects
dialog: his groceries.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: See you next week, Arthur.
scene_heading: EXT. BISHOP'S HOME - EVENING
text: A ranch-style compound, nestled in the hills. Warm, rustic,
dialog: and inviting.
text: Bishop's Cobra drives past the MAIN HOUSE, a large craftsman,
text: into a BARN where he parks next to a collection of other
text: beautiful vintage cars. He gets out, crosses the dirt drive
text: towards his home. A STUDIO separate from the main house.
text: Two horses graze in an attached paddock.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S HOME - EVENING
text: Bishop's enters, flicking on lights. The home is beautiful,
dialog: ordered. Everything a model of design and elegance. The
text: walls are home to a collection of original and slightly
dialog: sociopathic art. Lucian Freud, de Chirico, Zak Smith,
dialog: Francis Bacon. Isolation, beauty, unrest...
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S KITCHEN - EVENING
text: Bishop unpacks his groceries. Organic. Raw. Supplements.
text: Vitamins. Nothing looks delicious. His fridge is ordered.
text: Glass containers in rows, lightly hued liquids in each.
text: He opens a can of Friskies, sets it down for a mutt-like
text: tabby-cat who lopes over and eats. Bishop scratches her
text: behind the ears.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S STUDY - EVENING
text: Bishop flicks on lights illuminating the WALL covered with
dialog: charts, documents, photographs of the Mark.
text: He goes to a gas fireplace built into the side of the room,
text: fires up the flames. A sideboard holds a collection of Vinyl
text: Albums. Mint condition, collector. Fingers play over
dialog: titles... Rolling Stones, Neil Young, Bob Dylan...
text: The turntable needle hits Young's "Needle and the Damage
text: Done." Music croons sweet into the room as pages, photos,
text: everything goes into the fire.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 7.
text: One photo in particular: The Mark, busy on the phone as a
text: young girl pulls at his suit jacket. He was a criminal
dialog: bastard, but also a father.
text: Bishop stares down at the picture, consumed by fire,
text: reflected in his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S GYM - NIGHT
text: Bishop, running on a treadmill, full-tilt. A controlled
text: sprint without end. The gym has all manner of customized
text: exercise equipment. Weights, machines, a climbing wall, an
text: infinite lap-pool.
text: Bishop jumps off the treadmill, immediately takes his pulse,
text: checks it against a clock on the wall, jots a note.
text: Bishop, pressing weights. 300+ pounds. Reps over and over,
text: Muscles HARD, STRAINING. In his eyes, almost a relaxed
text: intensity. The rest of the world, turned off.
text: Bishop RACKS the weights, LOUD. Immediately taking his
text: pulse, checking the clock...
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S GYM - LATER
text: Bishop sits at a small desk, plotting the evening's work-out
text: in a book. He traces columns, enters points on a graph.
text: THE BOOK. Doesn't matter how impressive the numbers are,
dialog: they've peaked and are now starting their inevitable slide...
text: ON BISHOP. Staring at the book.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S STUDY - NIGHT
text: Bishops stands in front of his phone. He scrolls through the
text: last ten calls that have come through. They all read
text: "McKenna, Harry." Over and over. Three days' worth.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Bishop eats dinner, alone at the end of a beautiful antique
text: table. Hanging on the wall across from him, a vivid
text: disturbing painting of three women.
dialog: ON HIS PLATE. His food is a meal we might expect an
text: astronaut to eat. Raw Spinach, a collection of supplements.
text: He crunches through something that looks like cardboard,
text: chews, stares at the painting. In his study, the phone
text: rings. He eyeballs it, lets it ring.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 8.
scene_heading: INT. DEN, BISHOP'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Bishop sits on the couch in front of the television, his cat
text: curls under his arm, purring. Bishop flips channels through
text: an endless display of over-amped human behavior. People HAW
text: and WINK in the sitcoms, people YELL on the talk-shows,
text: people CRY and LUST on the dramas. Flip. Flip.
text: A news channel shows a PICTURE of The Mark. "Billionaire tech
text: mogul dead in tragic accident." Two ANCHORS discuss...
scene_heading: MALE NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: ...here's a guy at the top of his
dialog: game. And yes there were questions
dialog: about the money: Where did it all
dialog: go. Were some of his friends less
dialog: than friendly to the US? But in
dialog: the end, it's not the feds who
dialog: catch up with him --
scene_heading: FEMALE NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: It's that age old adage that boys
dialog: will be boys. These dangerous
dialog: hobbies come with the risk of
dialog: accidents like this --
text: Bishops punches off the tv, heads for the door.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH-END APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Bishop pulls up in his car, looks up. Hundred of lit windows
text: above him, lives going on behind each. He heads forward, the
text: doorman holding the door for him.
scene_heading: EXT. CORRIDOR, HIGH-RISE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bishop gets out of the elevator, stops in front of a door.
text: Beat. He rings the bell.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
speaker_heading: (FROM INSIDE)
dialog: It's open!
text: Bishop pushes the door open, steps into...
scene_heading: INT. HIGH RISE APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Beautifully, warmly furnished. Sofas surround a living area,
text: a gas fire flickering. Throws and rugs. Art on the walls,
text: tasteful and human. An open bottle of wine on a granite
dialog: counter top.
text: THE VIEW. Over all the city, thousands of lights twinkle.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: I'll just be a minute.
text: We catch a GLIMPSE of the WOMAN. A towel over her hair,
text: wearing a skirt and a bra, crossing from the bathroom into
text: her bedroom. Even in the small glimpse, she's beautiful.
text: Bishop looks down at a coffee table. Magazines, newspaper.
text: A picture of the first Mark's elaborate funeral.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: I'm sorry I was away so long this
dialog: time. I had some complications...
text: He turns. She's emerged from the bedroom. 30's. Long dark
text: hair, damp from the shower. Buttoning a shirt, the curve of
text: her breasts caught as she does. A comfortable, sophisticated
text: air about her. Effortlessly attractive.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: You don't have to apologize. I'm
dialog: just glad you're here now.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Are you hungry?
text: She starts to move by him, his hand catches her arm and she
text: is in his arms, holding him TIGHT, kissing him.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry. I just... miss you. I
dialog: never thought I was going to be a
dialog: "woman who waits." But I do. I
dialog: wait for you.
text: He nods. She breaks off, pours red wine in a glass.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Were you in Europe? Africa?
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Was there another woman?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Liar. It's alright. I don't mind.
dialog: (Suddenly shifting gears)
dialog: I... I made something for you.
text: She picks up a remote, fire up a large flatscreen TV. Hits a
text: button. A moment, then an IMAGE flickers to life.
text: ON THE TV: The WOMAN, sitting in this same living room. She
text: wears a long sleeve shirt over panties. Sips a glass of
text: wine. Smiles warm at the camera. The silence of late night.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: WOMAN ON CAMERA
dialog: Hey, you. Just got back from the
text: weekend at the lake with Julianne
dialog: and Barry and their kids. Their
dialog: oldest is five. You'd like him.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Everybody spoke about you, of
dialog: course. We should go up there
dialog: sometime, just the two of us...
text: ON THE TV: She reaches towards the camera and the image
text: JUMPS AHEAD. Another night, late. The WOMAN enters the
text: frame, now wearing a stunning black party dress.
speaker_heading: WOMAN ON CAMERA (CONT'D)
dialog: (announcing, giggling)
dialog: I, just got back from seeing the
dialog: most boring opening at the Pierre
dialog: Grochet gallery. And of course
dialog: everyone's asking where you are and
dialog: of course I made your apologies,
dialog: but what I was thinking...
text: ON THE TV: She winks at the camera, happily drunk. Raises
text: her dress a little, suggestive...
speaker_heading: WOMAN ON CAMERA (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: (WHISPER)
dialog: Why weren't you here to take me
dialog: home and make love to me...?
text: She blows a kiss. Closes her eyes...
text: ON BISHOP: Watching. Emotion breaks the surface.
text: The WOMAN raises the remote. Turns off the image. Looks at
text: Bishop. Plain, not demanding. But caring.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: I'm not a man who... It wouldn't
dialog: be good for you, if I was around
dialog: all the time.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I know. I know.
text: She moves to him and they are kissing fierce.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, HIGH RISE APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Bishop and the woman make love. She's the aggressor at
text: first, pulling away Bishop's clothing, climbing on top of
text: him, pulling her own clothes away...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 11.
text: Bishop grabs the woman who LAUGHS in ecstacy. He reverses
text: her, throwing her down on the bed, climbing on top. The two
text: of them, eye to eye as they fuck...
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, HIGH RISE APARTMENT - EARLY MORNING
text: Early morning light filters into the room. Bishop, awake,
text: staring at the sleeping woman. His eyes click over to the
text: clock which reaches 6:00 am. As if he's been waiting, Bishop
text: rises and dresses, silently.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH-RISE APARTMENT - EARLY MORNING
text: Bishop stands in front of the plate glass windows. He turns
text: and moves to a music box on a shelf, opens it. A melancholy
text: tune plays. He admires the machinery as he removes twenty
text: $100 bills from his wallet, tucks them under the box...
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Stay for breakfast?
text: He turns. She's standing in the doorway, tying a robe around
text: herself. A cool professionalism inhabits her demeanor. Not
text: crass or mean-spirited, but the romance is gone.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Do I ever?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: No. But there's a first time for
dialog: everything.
text: Bishop goes to the DVD player, slots out the DVD they watched
text: the night before and pockets it.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Thank you. This was a good one.
dialog: See you next time.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Bishop... You all right?
text: He turns, studies her. This is new ground. He nods and
text: leaves. She stares a moment at the door after he's gone.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - MORNING
text: Bishop, running. Full-tilt again, a maintained sprint. He
text: maneuvers through trees, over rocks. Below him, through the
text: woods, his home comes into view...
text: ... a BLACK BENTLEY sits parked in front of the house. A MAN
text: on a cell phone stands by it.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: EXT. BISHOP'S HOME - CONTINUOUS
text: The man wears a mid-level suit, a hired professional.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (into a phone)
dialog: Yes, I just got here. No, not yet.
text: He turns, REACTS as Bishop is there, CLOSE, barely sweating.
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Hold on, I got him.
text: The man holds his cell phone out for Bishop. A beat, Bishop
text: studying the angles... he takes the phone.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA (O.S.)
dialog: Arthur? Jesus Christ, Arthur, is
dialog: that you?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: ...How are you, Harry?
speaker_heading: MCKENNA (O.S.)
dialog: Oh you know, I'm God Damn perfect.
dialog: I'm redecorating my fucking office
dialog: and I wanted your advice on the god
dialog: forsaken curtains is how I am.
dialog: (beat, serious)
dialog: This is... this is something,
dialog: Arthur. I need to see you, for old
dialog: time's sake.
scene_heading: INT. BENTLEY - DAY
text: Bishop sits in the back, looks out at the city moving around
text: them as the man drives. They approach the armored gates of a
text: business tower: MCKENNA HOLDING CORP. The driver nods at
text: SECURITY who recognize the car, open the gate. The car drops
text: down into the garage under the building.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING GARAGE - DAY
text: Bishop and the man exit the Bentley. Four more ARMED
text: SECURITY down here, seated around a table, eating delivery
text: from a local Deli. Two stand, one steps forward.
speaker_heading: SECURITY
dialog: Sorry, gotta do this...
text: Patient, Bishop puts his arms out as the man searches him.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: INT. MCKENNA HOLDING CORP. - DAY
text: Bishop steps out of the elevator into a top-level wonderland
text: of money manipulation. Desks, crushed with monitors, manned
text: by casually brilliant MIT-grads. Flat screens track the
text: markets. All of this overseen by a witch's tit of a MANAGER
text: who eyeballs Bishop coolly.
text: A tapping gets Bishop's attention. The corner office is
text: glass-walled. HARRY MCKENNA is tapping on it, gesturing
text: Bishop inside.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, MCKENNA HOLDING CORP - MOMENTS LATER
text: The office is high-tech. Harry less so. 60's. Overweight
text: and doesn't give a shit. Cigars in a ashtray, ash-burns on
text: the Persian rugs. A man to be reckoned with, in his time.
text: The time has perhaps passed.
text: Harry comes out from behind his desk, points Bishop to a big
text: leather sofa. Bishop perches on the arm.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: I like the new digs.
text: McKenna LAUGHS, like a grunt. Fiddles with his hearing aid,
text: turning it up. Bishop's eyes track.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: Has it really been that long?
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: You know how they say youth is lost
dialog: on the young? They're right. If I
dialog: had my nineteen year old body back,
dialog: I wouldn't be here, I'll tell you
dialog: that. I'd be out there, making it
dialog: my personal life mission to bang
dialog: every stewardess who ever dared put
dialog: on one of those whatchamacallit
dialog: skirts.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Times have changed, Harry. They
dialog: don't wear skirts anymore.
text: McKenna eyeballs Bishop, shakes his head. He goes to the
text: glass wall, points out at the screens, financial markets.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: You know what all that is?
dialog: (off Bishop's nod)
dialog: That's their money, getting moved,
dialog: exchanged. Made clean and neat and
dialog: proper for Uncle Sam. And I have
dialog: always been extremely careful.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 14.
text: McKenna goes to his desk, tosses legal papers on the table
dialog: between them.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA (CONT'D)
dialog: You know what that is? That's a
dialog: God damn subpoena from the Justice
dialog: Department. We get a new face in
text: the white house, all of a sudden
dialog: they want to look at my records.
dialog: They got accountants want to go
dialog: through MY BOOKS. Are you kidding
dialog: me? I got the left hand coming
dialog: after me for what I did for the
dialog: right hand.
text: Bishop looks over the papers, nods.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA (CONT'D)
dialog: So I call them up. I say "hey, you
dialog: guys gotta get your own house in
dialog: order..."
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: And...
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: And? And that's the point!
dialog: Nothing. I tell them they have a
dialog: problem here and instead of dealing
dialog: with it I get silence, zippo, fuck-
dialog: all. What are they, twelve?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: ...I don't see how I can --
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: That's bullshit, Arthur. Your
dialog: father -- they still talk about the
dialog: guy like he walked on water. You,
dialog: they'll listen to. You --
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: I'm not a part of that.
text: McKenna stares out the window at the street below, nervous.
text: Shakes a pill out of as small vial, pops it. He chuckles,
text: shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: You remember that fishing trip we
dialog: all took, back in the day. You
dialog: were, what? About eight, right?
dialog: (Off Bishop's nod)
dialog: You fell out of the boat...
dialog: couldn't swim a stroke. City kid.
dialog: (Animated, laughing)
dialog: You're in the water, splashing
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA (CONT'D)
dialog: You got these big eyes like
dialog: saucers, like you're sure you're
dialog: gonna drown. Splashing...
text: swallowing water... just STARING at
dialog: your father and he's not making a
dialog: move. Remember? Just looking down
dialog: at you like...
text: Suddenly it's gotten less funny.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA (CONT'D)
dialog: I finally had to grab you by the
dialog: hair, pull you back into the boat.
dialog: You're shivering like hell and he --
dialog: your dad -- gives one of those
dialog: laughs. Those big laughs everyone
dialog: loved him for.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Anyway, the whole time you're in
dialog: the water, you didn't cry out. Not
dialog: once. You were a tough
dialog: sonofabitch, even then.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: That was a long time ago, Harry.
text: McKenna turns from the window, takes in all his monitors,
text: charts. Stock lines tick up and down, graphs flow, pulse...
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: Well, I'm in the water this time,
dialog: Arthur. You think it's easy for me
dialog: to ask? It cuts like hell. But
dialog: that's what I'm doing.
text: Bishop eyes the barely open doorway into a small room off the
text: office. Pillows and blankets on a sofa. Some clothes strewn
dialog: about. McKenna's been sleeping here.
text: A long beat. Bishop... nods. The tension seems to DRAIN
text: from McKenna. He claps Bishop on the back, nods back.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA (CONT'D)
dialog: ...Thank you. Thank you.
text: THROUGH THE GLASS WALL OF THE OFFICE. Bishop's eyes track as
text: elevator doors open and STEVE MCKENNA steps out, a beautiful
dialog: young woman with him, LOUISE. She's a trophy, the woman you
dialog: get for being top dog and the one you regret getting.
text: Gorgeous, self-obsessed, entitled. She flops onto a leather
text: sofa as Steve moves towards the office.
text: Steve's young, mid-20's, strikingly handsome, wearing the
text: casual uniform of wealth not earned. But there's something
text: else that arrests Bishop immediately. Unwasted motion,
text: detachment, observing the world around him... from above.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 16.
text: Even as Steve nods to one of his father's security and pushes
text: into the room, he picks up Bishop. The two men lock eyes, a
text: strange reflection not of appearance, but of nature.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA (CONT'D)
dialog: And here's the prodigal son,
dialog: arrived to bilk me for ransom.
speaker_heading: (TO STEVE)
dialog: Steve, this is Arthur Bishop.
text: Steve shakes Bishop's hand. Strong. Observant.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Hey. Nice to meet you. You work
dialog: for my father?
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: No, quite the opposite. Arthur's
dialog: doing me a little favor.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: So you're a criminal?
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: That's enough.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Relax, relax. I'm kidding.
text: A last beat between Steve and Bishop, then Steve lets it go,
text: turns his attention to his father.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: I need you to make a donation to
dialog: Louise's charity. She's mounting
dialog: some kind of fundraiser and she
dialog: wants to make sure we do our part.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: What's it for?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I have no idea. And don't pretend
dialog: you care, either. Write the check,
dialog: go to the party, smile when the
scene_heading: ORPHANS-SLASH-HOMELESS-WIDOWS THANK
dialog: you and call you a great and
dialog: generous man.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
speaker_heading: (TO BISHOP)
dialog: You ever think of having kids,
dialog: Arthur?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Nope.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 17.
text: Wearily, McKenna brings out his checkbook.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: Wise man. How much?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Thirty thousand.
dialog: (Suddenly, to Bishop)
dialog: You know, I can't tell what you're
dialog: thinking, Mr. Bishop. Usually, I'm
dialog: very good with that, with people.
dialog: Sort of like a bullshit detector I
dialog: developed. But you're very... hard
dialog: to read.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Don't be. So what are you
dialog: thinking?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: I was thinking that a son, should
dialog: be more grateful to his father.
speaker_heading: STEVE
speaker_heading: (NODDING)
dialog: I agree. I agree. I often wonder
dialog: why I'm not.
text: McKenna tears the check out, hands it to Steve.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: There. Now go away.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Thank you, dad. Are we going to
dialog: see you at the house any time soon?
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: Yeah, this is just a few more days.
dialog: We got this... situation.
text: Steve hears the dark in his father's tone, tracks it.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Anything I can do?
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: You? Yeah, you can earn some
dialog: money. Get married.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: No, it's going to be okay now.
dialog: Arthur's helping me out.
text: Steve glances between the two men. Ego slightly bruised.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Well it's good to meet you Mr.
dialog: Bishop. My father seems to trust
dialog: you, which is... unusual.
text: Bishop and McKenna watch as he hits the atrium, hands Louise
text: the check who goes out of her mind, jumping up and down,
text: giving him a kiss that speaks of more to come, trotting off.
text: Steve glances back one more time, then follows her.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: We will take from our children for
dialog: a lifetime what we would not suffer
text: from another man for an instant.
dialog: Explain that to me.
dialog: (off Bishop's silence)
dialog: Okay. Okay, call me when you hear
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: You take care of yourself, Harry.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: Well, that's your job now, isn't
dialog: it?
scene_heading: INT. PARKING GARAGE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bishop exits the elevator. Security holds the door to the
text: Bentley open for him. Bishop shakes his head, walks out.
scene_heading: INT. ARTIST'S STUDIO - AFTERNOON
text: Bishop exits an old freight elevator, enters this HUGE loft
text: space. Old architecture divided by free-standing walls hung
text: with PAINTINGS from the same artist who's work hangs in
text: Bishop's home. Intense, slightly surreal, deeply haunting.
text: Nudes, raw. Men's faces, distraught, alone.
text: A matronly ART DEALER comes forward familiar, takes his hand.
speaker_heading: ART DEALER
dialog: Arthur. Glad you're here. Right
dialog: this way.
text: As they move across the space Bishop catches sight of a
text: MODEL, lying nude in a pool of blue paint. Across from her,
text: The ARTIST is full-focused on her. He's roughly Bishop's
text: age. Cigarette dangles off a lip, tattoos on his arms.
text: Fully comfortable and committed to the alternative life.
text: The model senses Bishop's gaze, looks over, unashamed.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: ART DEALER (CONT'D)
dialog: This way.
text: Bishop follows the Dealer into another area where they
text: approach a canvas. It's a portrait of a young boy, alone.
text: The effect is of rage-filled isolation.
speaker_heading: ART DEALER (CONT'D)
text: Zak is almost finished. It will
dialog: make a wonderful addition to your
dialog: collection.
text: Bishop looks at the canvas. Nods. Glances back to where the
text: artist is carefully adjusting his model's position.
speaker_heading: ART DEALER (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you want to meet him?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: ...No.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Bishop enters his home, sets his things down. Stares at his
text: phone a beat, then on impulse picks it up and dials. The
text: voice that answers is female, official.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Good evening, Mr. Bishop. How can
dialog: I help you?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Yes. I'd like to speak to Dean.
text: There's a brief pause on the phone, then.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: ...Mr. Dean is not available right
dialog: now. Can I take a message?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: No. Just tell him I called.
text: Bishop hangs up, stares at the phone.
text: The doorbell rings. Bishop opens it to find a DHL COURIER on
text: his doorstep. Bishop is suddenly casual, friendly. The
dialog: public face of Bishop.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello, Don. They make you drive
dialog: all the way out here this evening?
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: That's the job.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 20.
text: The man gestures to the open barn door, the classic cars.
speaker_heading: DON (CONT'D)
dialog: You find tires for that old
dialog: FleetMaster?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
speaker_heading: (SIGNING)
dialog: No, not yet. Maybe when I do,
dialog: we'll take it out for a spin. Say
dialog: hello to the wife for me.
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Will do. Good night, Arthur.
text: The man heads back towards his truck. Bishop tears away the
text: strip that seals the envelope, a small USB jump-drive slides
text: into his hands. The friendly grin on Bishop's face...
text: evaporates.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - NIGHT
text: Bishop fires up a computer hooked to a printer. He slots the
text: USB drive into the computer. Nothing seems to happen, just a
text: low pulsing red light on the drive.
text: Almost instantly, his phone rings and he answers. Silence.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
speaker_heading: (INTO PHONE)
dialog: We should all be so lucky.
text: Click. The phone goes dead. Almost at the same time, the
text: glowing red light on the jump-drive turns GREEN.
text: Bishop's PRINTER fires up. It starts printing out pages. A
text: few medical charts... and then a photograph: Harry McKenna.
dialog: The new mark.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Bishop eats. Lost in thought. Eyes play over his art...
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - NIGHT
text: Bishop hits the study, work-mode. All hesitation gone.
text: Pages are tacked up, other ripped down and tossed. He takes
text: out a thick pen, circles words: "Syncope cardiac spasms..."
dialog: "Prognosis..." "Poor eustachian tube function..."
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC LIBRARY - DAY
text: Bishop sits at a desk under a reading lamp, making notes out
text: of a stack of books. Medical textbooks. Charts. A diagram
dialog: of the central nervous system. Stress tests. The technical
text: specs for an electronic device.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC RECORDS OFFICE - DAY
text: Bishop receives a SET OF PLANS from an attendant. Spreads
text: them out over a counter. In the corner, a large photocopier.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S STUDY - EVENING
text: Bishop sits at his desk, a Jeweler's Loup over one eye,
text: working with soldering iron and electronic tools, meticulous.
text: Behind him, tacked to the wall, are copies of the building
text: plans. Heavily inked. Routes in and out penned in.
text: Locations of security. Photographs. He's done his recon.
text: Sitting in the sun on a window ledge: an open jar of
text: Mayonnaise, turning rancid. A fly buzzes around it.
text: THROUGH THE JEWELER'S LOUP: Bishop is working on a hearing
text: aide. Tweezers adjust a tiny chip, slot it into place...
text: Phone rings. Bishop eyes it for a beat. Snaps it up. The
text: voice on the other end is world weary, professional. DEAN.
speaker_heading: DEAN (O.S.)
dialog: Bishop. I heard you called. Hey,
dialog: you get the stuff I sent you?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: That's what I called about. I know
dialog: him. I think there might be a
scene_heading: MISUNDERSTANDING --
speaker_heading: DEAN (O.S.)
text: Hold on a second.
text: A long pause. Just air on the line. Bishop stares at his
text: work in front of him, his research on McKenna tacked to the
text: wall. Dean's voice comes back as suddenly as it departed.
speaker_heading: DEAN (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: No, it's been decided. This one's
dialog: a go. You take care of yourself,
dialog: Bishop.
text: The line goes dead. Bishop stares at the phone for a second,
text: sets it down. He looks up at Harry's picture on the wall.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: EXT. CITYSCAPE - MORNING
text: The sun rises over the city, shafts of light illuminating the
text: top floor plate glass of McKenna Holding Corp. The SOUND OF
text: A PHONE RINGING, being picked up.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA'S VOICE
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: BISHOP'S VOICE
dialog: They want to talk. I'm picking you
text: up in an hour.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA'S VOICE
speaker_heading: ARTHUR --
speaker_heading: BISHOP'S VOICE
dialog: Send your people home. I don't
dialog: want anyone I don't know near you
dialog: today. I'm serious.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA'S VOICE
dialog: ...Thank you, Arthur.
scene_heading: INT. DELI - MORNING
text: Bishop hangs up his phone, watches as three bags of food are
text: put up on the TO GO counter. "McKenna Garage" scrawled.
text: Bishop approaches the counter, reaches over the bags for his
text: own food, pushing his drink onto the floor.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: I'm sorry. My bad.
text: The guy at the counter shrugs, turns for a mop. Bishop
text: quickly reaches into the McKenna bag, switches a wrapped
dialog: sandwich for one he brought.
scene_heading: EXT. MCKENNA HOLDING CORP. - DAY
text: A white van passes the entrance to the underground garage,
text: pulls into the Alley behind the building and stops.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE VAN - CONTINUOUS
text: Bishop kills the engine, pushes aside a curtain and heads
text: into the back of the van which is empty aside for a heavy
text: acetylene torch. The bottom of the van is covered by a thick
text: black matt which Bishop kicks with his foot.
text: The matt falls aside revealing a large HOLE in the bottom of
text: the van, right down to the pavement and the welded steel
text: cover Bishop has parked on top of.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 23.
text: Bishop picks up the torch, SPARKS IT.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING GARAGE - MORNING
text: The four SECURITY are eating their delivered lunch. Security
text: #1 puts a hand to his gut. Security #2 looks over.
speaker_heading: SECURITY #2
dialog: Hey, you okay?
speaker_heading: SECURITY #1
dialog: Actually, call central. I'm not --
text: And with that, he's suddenly up and MOVING towards the
text: bathroom. Security #2 raises his radio.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR LOBBY, MCKENNA HOLDING CORP. - DAY
text: Elevator doors open. Another SECURITY GUARD steps out,
text: checks in by radio and heads down a corridor.
text: IN THE ELEVATOR behind him, Bishop drops through the ceiling
text: hatch, dressed casual. He hits a button, doors close.
scene_heading: INT. MCKENNA'S OFFICE - MORNING
text: Elevator doors open and Bishop steps out into the office.
text: Deserted. Monitors glow, tracking markets and trades. But
text: the human element is gone.
text: Except for Harry, alone, silhouetted at one of his large
text: plate windows, watching the sun rise over the city.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: You ever wonder what the last day
dialog: of your life will feel like,
dialog: Arthur?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: You keep standing next to that
dialog: window, maybe you'll be able to
dialog: tell me.
text: McKenna looks over, smiles weary. He looks exhausted. He
text: goes to his desk, picks up a tie, looks to Bishop.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: This turns out alright, I'm going
dialog: to send you a dozen Thai hookers
text: and a case of Cuban Esplandidos.
dialog: You can return the hookers if you
dialog: want, but the cigars...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
speaker_heading: (SMILING)
dialog: I don't smoke.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: You will, my friend. For these,
dialog: you will.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bishop and McKenna heading down. McKenna watches the
text: numbers. Bishop studies McKenna... then, casually:
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Why the change of security?
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: ...What?
text: Beat. Bishop SLAPS the STOP button. Elevator jerks to a
text: halt. Bishop gets a finger into the doors, PRIES them open.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Arthur...?
text: McKenna looks at the effort, sighs. Lets Bishop help him
text: down. Halfway through, BALANCE SHIFTS, McKenna starts to
text: fall. Bishop STEADIES him. McKenna STARES at Bishop,
text: concerned. Bishop nods, heading towards the STAIRS,
text: pocketing a small hearing aide as he goes.
text: ON MCKENNA, touching the hearing aide in his ear...
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Come on...
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bishop and McKenna reach the bottom of the stairwell.
text: McKenna's winded, steadying himself against a wall. Bishop
text: cracks the door, peers out.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: What the hell...?
text: McKenna moves in, pushes Bishop aside.
scene_heading: MCKENNA'S P.O.V.: His SECURITY. Only there are two new
text: faces in the garage. Replacements packing weaponry.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: This isn't good, Arthur...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Listen to me. Stay here. I'm
dialog: going to check it out.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: Bishop, those men are armed...
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Harry, relax. I know what I'm
dialog: doing.
text: And Bishop slips out the door, shutting it behind him.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING GARAGE - CONTINUOUS
text: The moment he's out, he turns and sinks down in front of it,
text: blocking it with his back. He opens his jacket, brings out a
text: small TRANSMITTER. Waits a beat, then flicks a switch.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - CONTINUOUS
text: McKenna there, STARING at the door. Nothing. He approaches
text: the steel door, tries the handle. Can't open it. Nervous,
text: he carefully puts his head against the door to listen...
text: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! The SOUND OF GUNFIRE, VOICES fill
text: McKenna's ears. He staggers back, crouched, terrified...
text: CLOSE ON HIS HEARING AIDE: The sounds of gunfire is coming
text: from it. BLAM! BLAM! More shots, then the sound of
text: POUNDING on the door.
speaker_heading: BISHOP'S VOICE
dialog: Harry! It's a trap! RUN!!!
text: The door flies opens and Bishop LURCHES IN, gun raised.
text: McKenna starts up the stairs, breathing hard. Behind him, he
text: can see Bishop, gun lined back at the door. BLAM! BLAM!
text: Gunshots assault his eardrums.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING GARAGE - CONTINUOUS
text: On the other side of the door, Security hears the door slam,
text: looks over for a moment, but there's nothing else.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - CONTINUOUS
text: McKenna picks up the pace, hauling himself upwards. Sweat
text: POURING off him, eyes wild. He stops, tries to catch his
text: breath. Shooting PAIN through his right arm, he grabs it
text: just as MORE GUNFIRE SOUNDS from below.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 26.
text: Bishop comes rushing up the stairs. His shirt stained with
text: blood. Gun in his hand.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Come on! If we can get to the roof
dialog: I can hold them off! Come on!
text: McKenna GULPS AIR, staggers on...
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP, MCKENNA HOLDING CORP - MOMENTS LATER
text: Door BLOWS open, McKenna staggers onto the rooftop. The
text: manic victory of having made it clashing with the tragic
text: knowledge that his heart is rebelling.
text: He falls to his knees, clutching his right arm. PAIN
text: coursing through his body. Unaware for the moment that
text: everything has gone silent.
text: FEET come into his view. He looks up, sees Bishop standing
text: over him. Bishop's face is a death mask. Emotion removed.
text: Harry stares into his eyes... and understands.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA
dialog: ...You.
text: Bishop nods. McKenna CACKLES which turns into a scream as
text: PAIN sends him reeling. He falls, hitting his head. Blood
text: rolls down his face.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA (CONT'D)
dialog: You bastard. You... Sonofabitch.
dialog: You didn't have the balls... The
dialog: balls to AARRRGHHHH!
text: He CONVULSES. Tears stream down his face. His body HEAVING,
text: not giving up the ghost.
text: ON BISHOP. We know it's in there. But it doesn't show.
text: Instead he checks his watch, calculates time...
speaker_heading: MCKENNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh God. Oh, Jesus Christ help me.
text: ARRGHHHH!!! ARRRRGHHHHHH!!!!
dialog: Please... Please... Please...
text: McKenna stops struggling, stares up at Bishop. Tears
text: streaming down his face.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Please, Arthur, put me out of my
dialog: misery. Your father...
text: Bishop checks his watch again, doesn't meet McKenna's eyes.
text: Checks the stair door, looks over the building edge...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: MCKENNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Please. I'm scared. I'm really
dialog: god damn scared...
text: Suddenly Bishop MOVES. Lightening fast, wrapping up
text: McKenna's head, fingers PRESSING expertly along arteries.
text: McKenna STARES UP one horrible second, then goes limp in his
text: arms, dead.
text: Bishop releases, stands, stares down. For the first time,
text: uncertainty in his face. Why did he do that? He looks at
text: the body, at his hands, out at the city. Wipes his forehead
text: with the back of a hand, furious at himself.
text: He reaches down, removes the hearing aide from McKenna's ear,
text: replaces it with the original, turns away.
text: SEEN FROM FAR ABOVE. McKenna's body, alone on the rooftop.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP, MCKENNA HOLDING CORP - NIGHT
text: WITH STEVE as he pushes through doors into a MASS of Police,
text: detectives, private security, lawyers, all milling about on
text: phones, gathered around a figure on the ground...
scene_heading: INT. ARTIST'S STUDIO - NIGHT
text: The Art Dealer hands Bishop the finished painting, wrapped.
text: At the far end of the studio the Artist and his friends smoke
text: and drink and laugh. Bishop nods thanks, turns and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP, MCKENNA HOLDING CORP - NIGHT
text: Steve stares down at his dead father. A COP draws a line
text: around the body. Steve is expressionless.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Bishop backs off from the wall where he has just hung the new
text: painting of the boy. It stares back at him.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP, MCKENNA HOLDING CORP - EARLY MORNING
text: Blue-gray morning. Cold wind blows across the rooftop.
text: Steve watches the last police leave. He's alone. He stares
text: down at the outline where his father lay.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMTERY - DAY
text: A funeral in progress, hundreds of flower arrangements,
text: decorations, fit for a head of state. A few dozen attendees.
text: At the front, Steve McKenna sits in front of his father's
text: coffin, cold. His girlfriend Louise next to him, weeping.
text: She cries at funerals.
text: Bishop stands at the back. His eyes scan over the
text: proceedings. Sixth-sense, Steve suddenly turns his head,
text: makes eye contact with Bishop.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: His good works comfort all of us,
dialog: even in his going. We commit his
dialog: remains to your earth, oh Father,
dialog: and we pray you vouchsafe him
dialog: eternal life and that you bring
dialog: comfort to those who have been left
text: behind. His only son, Steve, who
dialog: is himself devoted to --
text: The Priest falters as Steve rises, moves away from the event.
text: Bishop tracks him as he wanders through gravestones.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (CONT'D)
dialog: ...Glory be to the Father, and to
dialog: the Son, and to the Holy Ghost...
scene_heading: EXT. CEMTERY - DAY (LATER)
text: At the gravesite, men fill in the hole with dirt. Nearby,
text: six limousines are lined up. But only the one directly after
text: the hearse has its door open for Louise who stands, waiting,
dialog: looking for Steve.
text: Bishop watches the dirt hit the coffin. Then looks over as
text: Steve approaches through mausoleums.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: My condolences.
speaker_heading: STEVE
speaker_heading: (NODS)
dialog: Yeah, Harry was a popular guy.
dialog: Good to see so many of his friends
text: here. Touching.
text: Bishop considers, tracks the attendees who pass by a suited
text: man as they leave... Each of them receiving and pocketing an
text: envelope as they do. Bishop looks back to Steve.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Best grief money can buy. Give me
dialog: a ride home?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 29.
text: Bishop nods to the head limo where Louise is waving
text: impatiently at Steve to come.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Looks like you have one.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Yeah, all of that. Empty limos.
dialog: Fake guests. All so that the
dialog: papers print what an important and
dialog: respected man Harry was.
text: Steve takes in the one or two guests, already counting their
text: money a few yards away. Shakes his head.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, I hope it's what Harry would
dialog: have wanted. But it's not for me.
text: Beat. Bishop nods.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S CAR - DAY
text: Bishop steers the car into the hills, past high-end estates.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You know, what I don't get is you.
dialog: Harry didn't have any friends.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Your dad worked with my father a
dialog: long time ago.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: So, just paying my respects.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: So your old man was into all that?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
speaker_heading: (SMALL NOD)
dialog: Yeah, he was into all that.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Well, that is refreshingly honest,
dialog: Mr. Bishop. What about you?
text: Bishop doesn't answer, steers the car up a manicured drive.
scene_heading: P.O.V. - THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD: An ESTATE. A main house,
text: lawns, pools, guest houses.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: EXT. MCKENNA ESTATE - AFTERNOON
text: Steve and Bishop get out of the car. The McKenna estate was
text: modeled neoclassical for a wanna-be emperor. Now a week of
text: youth with limitless credit has left its mark. A SOUND
text: SYSTEM has been set up poolside. A DJ spins a trance-like
text: deep groove. YOUNG WOMEN lounge around the pool in bikinis,
text: less. Beautiful and bored. YOUNG MEN, most dressed modern
text: hip-hop, mostly white, eyeball the women, fist-bump each
dialog: other, drink beers.
text: Steve takes the whole thing in, nods, somehow pleased.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Why is it so comforting, when
dialog: people surpass even our lowest
dialog: expectations?
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Come on in, meet the crowd.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: No, thanks. I've got to --
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Please. A favor to me. None of
dialog: these people even remembered what
dialog: today was.
text: Bishop nods. They move into the scene. People recognize
text: Steve, hug or bump-fists. Steve's friendly, but stays locked
text: on Bishop. Bishop observes it all, not uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you believe in fate, Mr. Bishop?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Why?
text: A basketball hoop has been set up near the pool. Young men
text: take turns dunking and then landing in the water.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I think maybe we're all doomed to
dialog: become our fathers. I'll probably
dialog: die spoiled, corrupt, lonely and
dialog: alone. Runs in the blood. What
dialog: would that make you?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: You're still young. You can do
dialog: pretty much whatever you please.
text: AT THE HOT TUB, two girls kiss each other, filmed in DV by an
dialog: young entrepreneur.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You think so? Just chuck all this
dialog: and go help the children in South
dialog: America, something like that?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Well look at you, Mr. Bishop.
dialog: You're a dreamer.
text: Steve heads inside. A beat, Bishop follows.
scene_heading: INT. MCKENNA ESTATE - AFTERNOON
text: As soon as they enter, Steve finds himself locked up by two
text: BEAUTIES who whisper excitedly in his ear.
speaker_heading: BEAUTY #1
dialog: Well? Do you want to...?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: No, in fact I'm pretty sure that's
dialog: illegal in this state.
speaker_heading: (TO BISHOP)
dialog: Come on, this way.
text: Steve leaves the Beauties disappointed, moves up some stairs.
text: Bishop follows.
scene_heading: INT. MCKENNA ESTATE - CONTINUOUS
text: Steve and Bishop move into another room where two HUGE
text: flatscreens have converted the room into a Wii court. Young
text: muscle-bound posers play a first person head-to-head shoot-em
text: game. Others drink, CHEER.
text: Two bump fists with Steve. One fronts cool at Bishop, fakes
text: a punch at him. Bishop just watches, doesn't do a thing.
text: The kid smiles, nods...
text: On the floor, paintings of Harry McKenna, discarded.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER SUITE, MCKENNA ESTATE - CONTINUOUS
text: This used to be Harry's realm. Now Steve's taken it over.
text: Giant ornate king bed. Huge balcony overlooking the estate.
text: Steve goes to the railing of the balcony, looks down at the
text: grounds, the people. Bishop hangs back, glances into a
text: private study, untouched from when Harry ruled there.
text: Papers, books, a portrait of Harry over the desk.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You know, I went up there. To
dialog: where my father died.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Hell of a place to die. Lonely...
text: Bishop comes abreast of Steve, also looks down. Removed from
text: the party and the pool area, a separate area of the estate
text: contains an outdoor gym. Weights, exercise equipment, a
text: fighting matt and martial arts equipment all present.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: (off the gym area)
dialog: That all yours?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: If the body is weak, the mind can't
dialog: be strong.
text: Bishop nods, impressed. Something about this young man.
text: Engaged, observing Bishop, but not needy.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Steve! Steve, man. It's Louise.
text: At the door, a FRIEND of Steve's is held back by security.
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: She's up in the bungalow. I think
dialog: she might really do it this time.
speaker_heading: STEVE
speaker_heading: (TO BISHOP)
dialog: My girlfriend thinks that my
dialog: father's death is a good time to
dialog: kill herself. She thinks I'm not
dialog: showing the appropriate human
dialog: reaction.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: I'll let myself out.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: No, please. You've seen this much.
dialog: Aren't you interested? I am.
dialog: Off Bishop...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNGALOW, MCKENNA ESTATE - EARLY EVENING
text: Steve and Bishop push through a guarded gate, up a small path
text: arriving at a beautiful bungalow, set back in the gardens.
text: Candle light glows inside.
scene_heading: INT. BUNGALOW, MCKENNA ESTATE - EARLY EVENING
text: Louise is nude, immersed in the water of a jacuzzi located in
text: the center of the room. On the side, she has a bottle of
text: scotch, some pills, and two razor blades.
text: She looks up at Steve, streaked eyes dart to Bishop.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: Who's he?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: A friend. Would have thought you'd
dialog: have started by now.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: This isn't about me. It's about
dialog: you. You need to watch.
text: Steve crouches down, pours himself a shot from her whiskey
text: bottle. Something angry and cold in his eyes.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Okay. I'm here. I'm watching.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: You don't believe I'll do it.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: No, I know you, Louise. You'll do
dialog: just about anything if it'll get
dialog: you enough attention.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: You think you can hide behind that
dialog: cool attitude. Like nothing
dialog: matters to you. But I know you.
dialog: You care. You feel.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Do I?
text: Louise blinks, scared a little. But she pushes the fear
text: away, picks up one of the razor blades. A beat, then with a
text: quick gesture, she slices across one wrist. Blood rises to
text: the surface, runs down her arms into the water.
text: Steve doesn't move. Neither does Bishop. Louise picks up
text: the second blade with the cut hand. Fingers fumble, but she
text: gets it. Slices across her other wrist.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 34.
text: Blood runs... stains the water rose.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: ...Wow.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: How long will it take?
speaker_heading: STEVE
speaker_heading: (HE SHRUGS)
dialog: Mr. Bishop?
text: Bishop rises, looks down at her in the tub.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: How much do you weigh?
speaker_heading: LOUISE
text: A hundred and ten.
text: His eyes take in her body, the flow from her wrists...
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: You're a hundred and twenty-five.
dialog: It'll take an hour and a half,
dialog: maybe two. When you get cold...
dialog: then you'll know you're close.
text: Steve takes in Bishop in this moment, nods. Glances at the
text: clock: 9:30. Then he refills his drink, heads out to the
text: patio outside. Sits facing away from them.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: He'll stop it. He thinks he's
dialog: above it all. But he's not. No
dialog: one is.
text: Bishop nods. Not clear if he's agreeing or observing.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNGALOW, MCKENNA ESTATE - EVENING
text: Bishop sits with Steve on the patio. From inside, Louise's
text: soft crying can be heard. Seen through the trees in front of
text: them, young people dance, splash, party.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
speaker_heading: (FROM INSIDE)
dialog: Steve! Steve! I know you feel
dialog: this. I know you'll stop me.
speaker_heading: STEVE
speaker_heading: (CALLING BACK)
dialog: If you don't care anything about
dialog: your life, why should I?
text: Steve looks to Bishop. He checks his watch. 10:30.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: I'm getting cold. Please. I'm
dialog: frightened. I'm scared, Steve.
text: Bishop looks at Steve who just keeps staring outwards.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You can help her if you want.
text: The sounds of water, splashing. Louise arrives on the patio,
text: a blood-stained robe loosely pulled on around her. Mascara
text: eyes ran. She stares down at Steve.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: You're a bastard.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You know what the kick of it is,
dialog: Louise? If you actually had the
dialog: stones, then there's be something
dialog: for us. But in 30 seconds when you
dialog: run down that path and all of those
dialog: people go crazy saving your life...
dialog: Well, then we'll be done.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: I know. Catch-22. Life's not
dialog: fair.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
speaker_heading: (REALIZING)
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Maybe nothing. Maybe you never
dialog: really knew me.
text: A beat. Louise, looking between the two men. She SWAYS on
text: her feet and Bishop puts a hand out, steadies her.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: You're a bastard, too. Both of
dialog: you. Like looking in some dark
dialog: mirror.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Go on, Louise. You'll do fine.
dialog: The world's gonna love you.
text: Louise steps away, turns, stumbling down the path into the
text: dark. A beat, the men just watching after her and then a
text: SCREAM from below. COMMOTION, ACTION. People rush to
text: Louise, help her to the ground. Others pulling out cell
text: phones, call for help. Louise's LOUD cries drift back.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Would you have let her do it?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: We'll never know, will we?
text: Steve rises, heads up a small path.
scene_heading: EXT. ESTATE GROUNDS - NIGHT
text: Steve and Bishop, walking high above the estate. Far below
text: them, the lights of an ambulance in the driveway.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: You didn't answer my question.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: Everybody dies.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Sure. But it's a whole other world
dialog: when you're personally involved.
dialog: There's a very big tab that has to
dialog: be picked up.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Such as?
text: Bishop stops, looks down at the action far below them.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Governments, cops, the military...
dialog: we give young men a licence and
dialog: send them into it blind, thinking
dialog: it'll all be okay. Because someone
dialog: told them they had permission.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: But when you cross over that line,
dialog: you do it alone. Most people, they
dialog: stay that way from then on. Alone.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Everybody can kill. You take a
dialog: mother, protecting her child...
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Sure. But that's instinct. What
dialog: I'm talking about is up here...
dialog: (tapping his head)
dialog: Knowledge of foresight. Intention.
dialog: A person who knows that the only
dialog: way to truly be free of man's laws,
dialog: is to break his highest one.
text: Beat. It sits there, between them.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Why are you telling me all this?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Why did you want me to see that
dialog: little stunt with your girlfriend?
text: Bishop stares down the hill at the commotion. Ants swarming.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: These aren't your people, are they?
dialog: You don't have "people." Your life
dialog: is crowded, but you're alone.
text: Steve unconsciously nods, then:
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You know, you're right. You grow
dialog: up spoiled, rich, like me... Only
dialog: thing you really learn to recognize
dialog: in people is when someone wants
dialog: something from you.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: What do you want, Mr. Bishop? What
dialog: are you doing here?
text: Bishop considers Steve, thrown. Then...
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Thanks for the tour. It's been
dialog: interesting.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Yes, it has.
text: Bishop turns, heads back down towards the estate. Steve
text: watches him go.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Bishop stares down at the line of supplements and pills set
text: out in front of him, something gnawing at him. His cat
text: nuzzles around his legs, purring. He scoops up the lot,
text: washes them down with water.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S STUDY - NIGHT (LATER)
text: Bishop sits on his sofa, antsy. On the TV, the day's news
text: plays out in silence. Anti-American PROTESTS in a Middle-
dialog: Eastern country. Words scroll: "...Official resistance to US
dialog: eavesdropping policy..." "...Break down of high-level..."
text: Bishop rises, goes to a stack of DVD's. Grabs one, slots it.
text: ON THE TV: The WOMAN, speaking to him from her beautiful
text: apartment. Similar to the one we saw. She leans against a
text: large plate glass windows, shirt and panties, sipping wine.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: WOMAN ON TV
dialog: Hey, you. Jesus, what a night. We
dialog: went to opening of Fernando's new
dialog: restaurant and Betty was there
dialog: wearing -- well, whatever we call
dialog: those things she wears...
text: ON THE STACK OF DVDs. There must be twenty of them.
speaker_heading: WOMAN ON TV (CONT'D)
dialog: I miss you. Everybody says hi, of
dialog: course. But with me... it's like I
dialog: feel you there with me, even when
dialog: you're not.
text: ON THE TV: She pulls her shirt off over her head, faces the
text: camera again, topless.
speaker_heading: WOMAN ON TV (CONT'D)
dialog: I feel the way you touch me...
text: Bishop rises, blows out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S GYM - NIGHT
text: SLAM! Dropping in on Bishop, SPRINTING on the treadmill.
text: FASTER than we've seen him go before. ON and ON.
text: He hits the weights, slots extra 45's onto the press bar.
text: The weights CLANG into place.
text: ON BISHOP, PRESSING the enormous weight. One, two, three...
text: He RACKS the weights, disgusted. Gets up, throws on more
text: weight. He PRESSES it again. Five... six... RACKS it
text: again, angry. Adds MORE WEIGHT. Back under the bar.
text: Pressing. Muscles distending, STRAINING. Seven... Eight...
text: He CRIES OUT as something GIVES in his shoulder. The Weight
text: SETTLES down on him, crushing him. A moment in his eyes, the
text: weight pressing the air out of his lunges. He LAUGHS MANIC,
text: SURGES up against the weight, tossing it off, the weights
text: slamming into the floor, BOOM!
scene_heading: EXT. SUSHI RESTAURANT - EVENING
text: Bishop's car pulls up fast. He gets out, tosses the valet
text: his keys, heads in, weirdly focused.
scene_heading: INT. SUSHI RESTAURANT - EVENING
text: Bishop sits alone at a reserved table at the back, a plate of
text: sashimi in front of him. He looks out at the restaurant.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 39.
text: BISHOP'S P.O.V.: Laughter, smiles, hands touching, hands
text: waving mid-story, lips parting. Woman's hands touching their
text: necks, eyes sparkling, men laughing, wallets flashing...
text: Bishop rises suddenly, his hand going to his wallet, trying
text: to get out of there. ROOM SWAYS. He steadies himself, moves
text: towards the exit. People look over, alarmed as he grabs
text: backs of chairs to steady himself. VERTIGO LOOMING, sounds
text: DISTORTING and suddenly he's FALLING into blackness...
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY ROOM - MORNING
text: Bishop, shirtless. A FEMALE DOCTOR is examining the injury.
text: Professional, but attractive. And attracted to him. Her
text: hands on his shoulder, gentle. Her other hand on his back.
text: Her eyes play over his form: SCARS, WOUNDS, healed. A
dialog: battlefield for a body.
speaker_heading: FEMALE DOCTOR
dialog: Quite a collection you have here.
dialog: Military?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Something like that.
speaker_heading: FEMALE DOCTOR
dialog: Does this hurt?
text: Bishop smiles, recognizing the nature of the touch.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Yes, a little.
text: The doctor lets her hands rest just a fraction too long, then
text: moves across the room, writes in a chart.
speaker_heading: FEMALE DOCTOR
dialog: Any next of kin, anybody we can
dialog: notify?
dialog: (off his shake no)
dialog: How about an acquaintance?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Am I going to die?
speaker_heading: FEMALE DOCTOR
speaker_heading: (SMILE)
dialog: No, not today.
text: Bishop reaches for his shirt, slips it on.
speaker_heading: FEMALE DOCTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: You damaged your deltoid muscle.
dialog: But that doesn't explain the
dialog: anxiety attack.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: FEMALE DOCTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Any unusual stress recently?
dialog: Something at work?
dialog: (off his shake no)
dialog: I'm prescribing Cataflam for the
dialog: pain and Paxil for the stress and
dialog: I'm going to give you my card. If
dialog: you have any other episodes... or
dialog: if you need anything else, don't
dialog: hesitate to give me a call.
text: She holds out her card. He looks at her, lets her stay that
text: way for a moment, then takes the card. She looks away.
speaker_heading: FEMALE DOCTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: You can pay at the desk.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT DESK, EMERGENCY ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bishop pays cash. He crumples the prescriptions, tosses it
text: in the trash, starts to toss the doctor's card.
text: Beat. He can see her down the hall, speaking with another
text: doctor. Pretty, real. A moment, he pockets the card.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, MCKENNA HOLDING CORP. - DAY
text: Steve sits in his father's office chair, staring back at us,
text: occasionally nodding. We REVERSE to find a collection of
text: Investigators, a Forensic Doc, and a hardened SECURITY
text: SPECIALIST. The Doc is in the middle of a presentation.
text: BOARDS hold diagrams, conclusions, crime scene photos, all
dialog: about Harry McKenna.
text: The Doc demonstrates the precise hold, the pressure points
text: that killed Harry McKenna. Steve watches, impassive.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - AFTERNOON
text: Bishop runs through the woods, full-tilt. Finally stops in
text: front of his house. He feels his injured shoulder, winces...
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S HOME - EVENING
text: Bishop sits on his sofa in front of the TV: A bureaucrat at
text: a press conference. A female diplomat pushes through photogs
text: with her hand up, shielding her face. Words scroll: "US
dialog: Intelligence under scrutiny... High level meeting..."
text: Bishop hits the remote and the TV goes to static, white noise
text: again. His eyes... relax, almost asleep. We stay on his
text: face, a glimpse into his only moments of peace...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 41.
text: BANG! BANG! BANG! POUNDING on his front door. Bishop's
text: eyes POP open. He's on his feet, instantly alert, moving
text: past a sideboard. He touches a hidden catch, a "click" and
text: he reaches underneath, comes out with a handgun.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT DOOR, BISHOP'S HOME - MOMENTS LATER
text: Steve is there, pounding on the door.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Mr. Bishop! Arthur! Please, I
dialog: need to speak with you.
text: The front door opens. Bishop, fronting sleepy. Steve is
text: ENERGIZED, LIT, eyes blazing.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I wanna show you something.
dialog: Please. It'll be... It'll be
dialog: interesting.
scene_heading: INT. BENTLEY - EVENING
text: Steve drives, too fast. Bishop is shotgun. The rear area
text: usually reserved for passengers is empty.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Gonna tell me what the big surprise
dialog: is?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I'd rather show you. I know,
dialog: melodramatic. But I think it'll be
dialog: worth it to you.
text: Bishop TENSES, almost imperceptible as Steve pilots the car
text: into the underground structure beneath McKenna Holding Corp.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING GARAGE - CONTINUOUS
text: Car screeches to a stop. Steve grabs a case, is out.
text: Bishops takes in the area. Two of Steve's SECURITY there,
text: looking stern. Bishop checks the gun he has concealed in his
text: waistband, reaches for his door.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP, MCKENNA ENTERPRISES - EVENING
text: Elevator opens at the very top. Steve pushes out onto the
text: roof. Bishop follows. Security lighting floods on,
text: illuminating the desolate surface in eerie even light.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 42.
text: Steve opens his case, starts tossing down PHOTOGRAPHS:
text: CLOSE ON THE PICTURES: Harry McKenna. Dead on the roof.
text: Other details. The doors, the elevator shaft, everything.
text: PAPERS, coroner's documents. Medical photographs.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
speaker_heading: (CAREFUL)
dialog: Maybe it's time you start talking.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (off the papers)
dialog: You know what that says? My dad
dialog: didn't die of a heart attack. I
dialog: mean, he was dying of a heart
dialog: attack, but that's not what killed
text: him. The blood flow to his brain
text: was cut off, his brain died before
text: his body. Somebody killed him.
text: On Bishop, considering Steve.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: What do the police think?
speaker_heading: STEVE
speaker_heading: (LAUGHING)
dialog: The police? They don't want to
dialog: hear about this. I mean, they'll
dialog: look into it. But they don't very
dialog: much like the idea that they
dialog: totally missed this one and it'd be
dialog: just easier for everyone if I would
dialog: shut the hell up.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: ...What do you want?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: They killed him. Here, on the roof
dialog: of his own building. His own
dialog: security all around. Why here?
dialog: Why even kill him, if he was
dialog: already dying?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: You tell me.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: To make a point. That no one's
dialog: safe. That they can get to anyone,
dialog: whenever they want to.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: So what am I doing here?
text: Bishop, supremely alert, listening. Tracking shadows...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I got my black belt in Karate when
dialog: I was nineteen. I've studied Judo
dialog: since I was six.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: I'm impressed.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: No, you're not. Most people are,
dialog: but you're not. If I came at you
dialog: right now, I'd wind up dead as my
dialog: father, wouldn't I?
text: Bishop doesn't answer. Steve breaks away, looks down at the
dialog: place where his father died.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Same as if I tried to exact justice
dialog: for my father. These men, what
dialog: this is... It's something you know
dialog: about, isn't it?
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Something you could teach me.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: I didn't get the impression you
dialog: even liked Harry very much.
text: Steve SURGES forward. Real anger, intensity boiling over.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You really going to stand there and
dialog: judge how much I loved my father?
dialog: What the hell do you know about it?
text: Bishop, hearing this. A nerve touched.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Besides, this isn't just about
dialog: Harry. Harry's dead, may he rest
dialog: in peace. But this is about me.
dialog: They came here and they killed my
dialog: father. They did that to me.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: You want revenge.
text: Steve doesn't answer. A long moment between them. Steve
text: turns, looks out over the city.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You know the word "Nemesis"? It's
dialog: not actually a word. It's a name.
dialog: She was one of the Greek goddesses.
dialog: Of anger. Retribution against any
dialog: mortal who became too proud.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: The executor of divine justice.
dialog: It's a beautiful idea, don't you
dialog: think? Justice.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Justice?
text: A beat. Bishop shakes his head, turns, starts to walk back
text: towards the elevators. Steve collects his papers, angry.
speaker_heading: STEVE
speaker_heading: (CALLING AFTER)
dialog: Fine. Fine. In case you haven't
dialog: noticed, I now have a couple of
dialog: million dollars to spend on this,
dialog: so I will find them myself and I'll
dialog: deal with them myself and if I wind
dialog: up dead trying, you can bury me
dialog: right next to dear old dad --
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Jesus, stop your whining.
text: SLAP! No one's ever spoken to Steve that way. He STARES. A
text: stillness between them, even the wind slows, waiting...
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
text: Corner of sixth and Grand.
dialog: Tomorrow morning. 7:00 am. Don't
dialog: be late.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I won't.
text: Beat. Bishop nods, starts to leave, turns back...
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: And Steve... no more surprises like
dialog: this, okay?
text: Steve nods. Bishop goes. On Steve, watching as the elevator
text: doors erase the older man.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Bishop stands in the middle of his home, still. Thinking.
text: Then he moves to his office, grabs a newspaper.
text: He moves to his Study, turns to a page, slaps it down on the
text: glass on his scanner. Hits a button, the white light of the
text: scanner passes.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Big King bed, never used. A huge painting by the Artist on
text: the wall across from the bed. Landscape. Empty. Ruined.
text: Bishop hoists the painting down off the wall. He has a print-
text: out from his computer, tacks it in the center of the blank
text: space left by the painting: The picture of Steve, scanned
text: from the McKenna Obituary, enlarged. Tacked alone on the
text: wall. A start.
scene_heading: EXT. CORNER OF SIXTH AND GRAND - MORNING
text: Bishop stands on the corner, waiting. He checks his watch:
text: 6:58. Steve's Bentley pulls up to the corner, parks in a
text: handicapped space. Steve gets out, nods to Bishop.
text: Bishop takes in Steve, the Bentley, a metermaid ten yards
text: away, already moving towards them.
scene_heading: INT. STERILE HALLWAY - MORNING
text: Bishop enters this linoleum-lined hallway, slips the bored
text: ATTENDANT $100. The man hits a button, a door CLICKS open.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - MORNING
text: As they enter, fluorescent lights flicker on. Cheap,
text: overused. Some burnt out, others shorting.
text: ROWS OF GURNEYS line the room. Bodies, covered in green
text: morgue drapes. Steve's eyes play over it. He swallows.
text: Bishop is cold, business-like.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Stay focused. This is a test.
text: Bishop moves down the rows, pulling drapes away as he does.
text: Nude BODIES are revealed. Men, women, teens. In some, the
text: reason for their death is obvious. Others aren't telling.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: You want to know about killing,
dialog: look around.
text: Steve does, a little creeped out, but keeping it cool.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: The act of killing, is an end in
dialog: itself. Any other motive keeps it
dialog: from being pure.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: The psychopath has no motive.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
text: No, he's driven, compelled, by his
dialog: sickness. He's as much the victim
dialog: as those he kills.
text: More drapes fall. Dead eyes stare up at them.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: But when you make your own law,
dialog: you're responsible to no one else
dialog: but yourself. Maybe you're free...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Do you? This isn't some idea
dialog: anymore. This is the real thing.
dialog: You still with me?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I am.
text: Another drape falls. A beautiful woman. No signs of injury.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Ever heard the term "Mechanic" used
dialog: outside of its normal meaning?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: My father used it. A dealer... a
text: guy who works the tables.
text: Bishops smiles, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Or a... killer. A hit man.
text: Bishop just stares. Steve shakes his head, looks away from
text: Bishop, winds up staring at a dead man. Laughs to himself.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: What are you thinking?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I had you pegged as... a security
text: consultant. Maybe ex-military.
dialog: Someone who... protects people.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Maybe I do.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Or maybe you just get paid to kill
dialog: people.
text: Bishop nods his head yes.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: So why let me in? I mean, I know
dialog: what I want. What do you get out
dialog: of it?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: ...Times are changing. Security is
dialog: better trained, more lethal.
dialog: Sometimes I could use a partner.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Bullshit.
text: Bishop nods, smiles. He moves away from the tables, leaves
text: Steve standing in the middle of it all.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: In this... there isn't room for
dialog: those who are outside of it.
dialog: There's too much isolation.
dialog: Friendships can't work. Eventually
dialog: everyone expects you to account.
dialog: The isolation... becomes a
dialog: liability. You stand out.
dialog: Standing out... isn't good.
text: Steve smiles, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You need a... friend?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: An associate.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: I'm offering to teach you something
dialog: that most people can't be taught.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Because you think I'm a natural.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: That remains to be seen.
dialog: (taps his head)
dialog: But you're alone in there, aren't
dialog: you? That's... the prerequisite.
text: Steve continues to stare at the bodies. Bishops starts
text: towards the exit.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: Think it over.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Bishop...
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: When I find the men who murdered my
dialog: father. You help me to kill them.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: You may never find them.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You didn't answer my question.
text: A beat. Bishop nods.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S GYM - DAY
text: Dropping into the middle of a FIGHT. Steve and Bishop,
text: attacking each other, mixed martial arts.
text: Steve is the aggressor, moves in knocking Bishop's defenses
text: away. HITTING Bishop who takes the punch, steps back...
text: Steve's still on him. Kicking, two, three times. Bishop
text: catches a kick, tosses Steve back. He lands cat-like on his
text: feet, comes back at Bishop, strong. Hitting, pushing Bishop
text: back against a wall, seeming to dominate the fight.
text: BUZZ! A buzzer goes off. Bishop drops his guard, would be
text: flattened if Steve didn't pull his punch, walks out.
scene_heading: EXT. BISHOP'S RANGE - CONTINUOUS
text: Behind Bishop's gym is a rifle range. An assortment of
text: weapons lie on a table. In front of them, some trees, some
text: old cars... some bottles sitting on the limbs of the trees.
text: Bishop picks up a handgun, checks his pulse. Steve has
text: obviously learned from him, does the same.
text: Bishop raises the gun. BLAM! BLAM! Two bottles shatter at
text: 30 yards. He tosses Steve the gun. Steve keeps two fingers
text: on his pulse.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I'm still at 130.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Too fast.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I know. I'm working on it.
text: Bishop nods, picks up the rifle, sights. BLAM! 1,000 yards
text: away, the bullet IMPACTS the head-rest of an abandoned car.
text: Bishop looks to Steve who gives up, raises the handgun.
text: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Three shots. Three misses. Steve
text: tosses down the gun, frustrated.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: You were still over 100.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: What am I supposed to do?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: There are no perfect situations.
dialog: You fought me at 100%, so you were
dialog: winning. But in doing so, you gave
dialog: up your shooting option.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: It's all about choices. Always.
text: Bishop starts to leave.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Bishop... What's your 100% look
dialog: like?
text: Bishop smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT HIGHWAY - DAY
text: Two cars BLISTERING down the highway. Bishop's Cobra and
text: Steve in a classic Maserati. They JOCKEY for position, WEAVE
text: in and out of the other cars on the road.
text: WITH BISHOP. Portrait of control. Expertly working the
text: tuned car, coaxing power and speed out of it.
text: WITH STEVE. Careless, going for broke, not caring if he has
text: the space to make his moves. He SWERVES his car, right at
dialog: Bishop...
text: ... who has to PEEL away, off the highway, onto the smooth
text: dirt-pack. He DOWNSHIFTS, blasts back onto the road,
text: catching air. Steve LAUGHS out load as they CREST the top of
dialog: a rise...
text: LOOMING AHEAD: An existing accident. A beer truck jack-
text: knifed across the freeway. Bishop BRAKES, fighting for
dialog: control.
text: Steve SWERVES his car, too fast, it goes into a SPIN... CLIPS
text: another car, gains air and PLOWS ass-backwards into the side
text: of the beer truck.
text: BISHOP'S CAR slides to a stop. Bishop gets out, tracks:
text: STEVE, climbing out of the Maserati onto the hood protruding
text: from the side of the truck. LAUGHING, WHOOOPING at the sky.
text: Bishop approaches, sees that hundreds of bottles of BEER have
text: cascaded out of the punctured truck.
text: Steve wipes blood from a cut on his forehead, grabs a beer
text: and cracks it, swigs as he sits on the Maserati hood. He
text: grabs another, tosses it to Bishop.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Come on up, man. The view is
dialog: beautiful.
text: Bishop takes in the situation, the small crowd gathering...
text: he jumps up, sits on the hood of the car with Steve, both
text: leaning back against the cracked windshield.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: You lost control.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You think?
text: Steve puts out his beer. A hesitation, then Bishop clinks
text: beers with him. They both drink. Stretched out in front of
text: them, the highway seems to go on forever.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: You ever think about just... going?
dialog: Leaving. Never turning back?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: ...Sometimes.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Why don't you?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: I have... responsibilities. I have
text: a cat.
text: A beat. Steve LAUGHS loud. Bishop laughs. Maybe the first
text: time in ages. They drink, watch the sun move lower in the
text: sky as emergency vehicles approach.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S HOME - EVENING
text: Steve comes in from the guest-house, showered. Sees Bishop
text: at the dining room table, takes in the place for the first
text: time. The art on the walls.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You know, looking at these, a
dialog: person might think maybe there's a
dialog: screw or two loose up there...
text: Steve catches sight of a manila envelope in front of his
text: empty place.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Is this what I think it is?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
speaker_heading: (SHAKING NO)
dialog: Don't be so eager. Open it.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 51.
text: PLANS, diagrams. Pictures. They're of an outdoor area.
text: Steve's eyes scan over them, interested.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Who's the Mark?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: ...I am.
scene_heading: INT. OUTDOOR MARKET - DAY
text: A huge square filled with VENDORS selling all manner of food
text: and good out of CARTS and STALLS. Music, voices, crowds of
text: people. Bishop moves through. Dressed average, just a guy
text: in the crowd. He watches a couple argue. Moves on...
speaker_heading: BISHOP (V.O.)
dialog: It's not good enough to simply
dialog: follow your Mark and attack him.
dialog: Most of these people know they're
dialog: targets. They'll be watching for
dialog: you.
text: ... A moment, then Steve enters the frame, tracking Bishop.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: You need to understand the
dialog: location, control the situation.
dialog: You're looking for escapes,
dialog: security, police presence...
text: Bishop passes two COPS, squeezes between two parked produce
text: trucks towards the row of shops that border the square.
scene_heading: INT. WATCH REPAIR SHOP - CONTINUOUS
text: Bishop stands in front of a case, watches the precision
text: instruments tick. From behind a counter, the Chinese OWNER
text: notices him, puts down the watch he's repairing, approaches.
text: 60's, authoritative, a LOUP on his forehead.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: Interest you in anything?
text: Bishop takes in the man, eyes check polished reflective
text: surfaces, back to the man. Bishop points to a watch.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: That's a beauty.
speaker_heading: OWNER
speaker_heading: (BEAMING)
dialog: You know your instruments...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTDOOR MARKET - CONTINUOUS
text: Concealed amidst exotic Guatemalan wraps, Steve tracks the
text: Watch Shop. The attractive older woman running the stall
text: eyes him. He looks right through her.
text: STEVE'S P.O.V.: Bishop exits, heading back into the market.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (V.O.)
dialog: Most of all, you need to answer
dialog: this question: "How does this man
dialog: die here today?"
text: Bishop passes a butcher cutting into a slab of meat. Steve
text: follows behind Bishop, lost in the sea of people.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Everybody, everyday, has a way to
dialog: die. You have to find it.
scene_heading: EXT. CURIOS STALL, OUTDOOR MARKET - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bishop stands in front of stall filled with classic toys,
text: rocking horses, vintage dolls. His gaze finds a large, still-
text: boxed doll of the "Luna Cromwell" character that the Grocery
text: Owner's Daughter is obsessed with. Almost life-sized.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: They don't make that anymore.
dialog: That's a classic. I can let you
dialog: have it for three hundred...
scene_heading: INT. OUTDOOR MARKET - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bishop turns away from the stand carrying the doll. A GROUP
text: of teens RUNS by Bishop, buffeting him for a moment.
text: Slightly off kilter, he checks his surroundings. Nothing.
text: Bishop starts again, aware for the first time that a MAN is
text: headed his direction, passing a knife-sharpening stand,
text: blades gleaming, his face hidden by a low hat...
text: Bishop tracks the figure out of the corner of his eye, turns
text: and pushes through the tight space between two stalls, out
text: the back where trucks are parked. Bishops glances back for
text: the man, squeezes between two large trucks...
text: ...coming out the other side when POP! A loud SOUND makes
text: Bishop glance over. A HISSING coming from one of the trucks
text: which starts to ROLL backwards and
text: Suddenly HANDS are on Bishop from behind, PUSHING HIM
text: backwards, into the space between the two trucks! A FLASH, A
text: SPLIT SECOND to stare into Steve's face, holding him there to
dialog: be crushed and...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 53.
text: CRASH! The one truck SLAMS into the second, the vice closed,
text: metal crumpling.
text: Bishop, at the last minute pulled back by Steve who's holding
text: him there, smiling. A beat. Bishop checks the surroundings,
text: nods. Steve release him.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: ...Good. Very good.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Good? That's all you got? How
dialog: about God damn perfect, man?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Don't get cocky.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: Broad daylight. A thousand
text: witnesses. Man takes a wrong step.
dialog: Excuse me if I take a moment to
dialog: appreciate myself. Because that
dialog: was poetry.
dialog: (laughing, smiling)
dialog: You just can't bring yourself to be
dialog: impressed, can you?
text: Bishops considers, notices that the Luna Cromwell doll has
text: fallen in the gutter. Picks it up, tries to dry it.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (hand to his ear)
dialog: What's that? You're what? Oh, you
dialog: are impressed? No, come on, you
dialog: don't have to say that. Really,
dialog: I'm fine with -- You what? You've
dialog: never seen someone better? Wow.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: All right. You did very well.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Damn straight I did. And now, in
dialog: celebration of me, I'm taking you
dialog: to a restaurant where the
dialog: waitresses... what?
text: Something about Bishop's serious gaze has stopped Steve.
text: Bishop reaches into his jacket, places a gun in Steve's
text: hands. A confused beat, Steve conceals the weapon.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: ...Bishop?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
text: There's a man behind me. Look up
dialog: once, then look away. Don't look
dialog: back.
text: Steve glances up. We realize we're right in front of the
text: watch store. The OWNER is pulling the steel grate down over
text: his store, closing for the day.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: You got him?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Yeah. Look...
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: You did good here. Really good.
dialog: But this was just a game. That
dialog: man... is your graduation.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
text: He owns the watch store.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I know. I meant... what did he do?
text: Bishop comes close, FOCUSED.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: I've taught you how to kill without
dialog: anyone knowing there was a murder.
dialog: I've taught you to be invisible.
dialog: But that's strategy, not killing.
dialog: The real test... it's the actual
dialog: killing, isn't it?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Bishop...
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Do you want this? Be very sure.
dialog: Because you can walk away.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: No. I'm ready.
text: Bishop studies him... nods. Turns to go.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Bishop... We're right here, where
dialog: you wanted us to wind up. You knew
dialog: where I'd hit you, didn't you?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: ...School's out.
text: Bishop leaves. Steve watches him go. Stuck. Helpless. He
text: turns back. The Owner is headed home for the day.
scene_heading: INT. SUSHI RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Bishop sits back at his reserved table in the rear of the
text: place. In a chair next to him, the doll is awkwardly
text: perched. Around him, people LAUGH. Lovers NUZZLE..
text: He reaches into his breast pocket, slides out a new DHL
text: envelope, tears it open. A new jump-drive slides onto the
text: table. He eats, takes pills, his eyes locked on the drive.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: (to Luna doll)
dialog: Who do you think that is, Luna?
text: He takes a card out of his wallet, studies it. It's from the
text: flirtatious doctor. He pulls out his phone, dials.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHT
text: Steve sits in a nondescript car, lights out, parked.
text: STEVE'S P.O.V.: Two stories up, a lit apartment. The WATCH
text: STORE OWNER crosses by one of the lit windows.
scene_heading: INT. WATCH STORE OWNER'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The Owner has a delicate vintage Brietlang in his hands. He
text: places it on a patch of velvet, watch-repair tools laid next
text: to it. He moves to an old stereo, puts the needle of a turn-
text: table down on spinning vinyl. The lonely sounds of Brahms
text: Piano Concerto No. 2 fill the room.
text: He returns to his desk, sits. A tiny noise from the hall. A
text: "click." He looks up, sees nothing, settles in to work...
text: TRACKING ACROSS THE ROOM
text: To the front HALLWAY. Steve stands in the hallway,
text: motionless. He's just closed the front door behind him. In
text: his hands, a lock-pick set which he now pockets and pulls out
text: the gun Bishop gave him.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON BISHOP. No way to tell where he is. He's holding
text: the Luna doll. He reaches forward, knocks on a door.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
speaker_heading: (FROM INSIDE)
dialog: It's open!
scene_heading: INT. HIGH RISE APARTMENT - NIGHT
dialog: The WOMAN's apartment. Not the doctor's, the same we've been
text: to before. Everything eerily identical to the last time.
text: Sofas, gas fire, throws and rugs, open bottle of wine.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: I'll just be a minute.
text: A GLIMPSE of the woman in her bedroom, topless in front of a
text: vanity. She glances back, smiles warm. Laughs a little when
text: she sees the doll.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: It's for a friend.
text: Bishop awkwardly sets the doll down near the front door,
text: moves on, into the apartment. Restless.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry I was away so long this
dialog: time. I had some complications --
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Don't be.
text: He turns. She's emerged from the bedroom, adjusting the
text: dress she's just pulled on. Beautiful. She comes up to him,
text: kisses him. He doesn't respond. She backs off, moves to the
dialog: kitchen to pour two wines,
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: You know who I saw yesterday?
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
text: Bradley Fliescher. He and Ginny
dialog: have this little cottage up the
dialog: coast they hardly use. I was
dialog: thinking, maybe next week you and I
dialog: should go.
text: Approaching, handing him a wine.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You and me, the whole weekend.
dialog: What would we... do?
text: She approaches him, sexy. Touches him, intimate. He stares
text: at her, blank. She recovers fast, moves off.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Of course why do we need that? We
dialog: have each other right here.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: INT. WATCH STORE OWNER'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Carefully, slowly, Steve makes his way down the hall towards
text: the lit living room.
scene_heading: IN THE LIVING ROOM
text: The owner pauses, enjoying the crescendo of the music. Eyes
text: closed for a moment. Then they open...
text: ... Steve is standing in the doorway to the living room, the
text: gun pointed at the owner. The owner sees him, becomes
text: motionless. The two men staring across the space between
dialog: them... and then everything happens very fast.
text: The Owner LURCHES to the side with surprising speed and
text: agility just as Steve FIRES! The bullet catches the Owner in
text: the side, SPINNING him around. He CRASHES to the floor...
text: ... but only for an INSTANT. THEN he's BACK ON HIS FEET,
text: MOVING across the room! Steve tracks, pulls the trigger
text: again but the gun only "clicks" empty.
text: The man reaches a coat rack, grabs it in one fluid motion and
text: is MOVING back at Steve who barely has time to drop the gun
text: and BLOCK the rack as it SLICES through the air at him.
text: The Owner HITS and HITS again. Skilled, professional,
text: martial-arts trained. Steve blocking one, two, the third hit
text: connects, sends Steve REELING back, crashing through the
dialog: watch-repair table.
text: The Owner leaps at him with the rack. Steve is BARELY able
text: to catch the end before it impales him. The two men,
text: BREATHING, STRUGGLING, the Owner FORCING the point lower
text: towards Steve's face...
text: ... Blood pools on Steve's shirt. Steve and the Owner both
text: track it. The man is bleeding badly from the bullet wound.
text: A split-second calculation and the man abandons the coat-
text: rack, races across the room as Steve clambers to his feet.
text: The man reaches the far wall, hits a RELEASE. The wood
text: paneling slides open, revealing a CAR-15 fully automatic
text: assault rifle with a silencer. The man grabs it, opens up!
text: Bullets CHEW through furniture, drywall, glass searching for
text: Steve who DIVES into the hallway, retreating as the man comes
text: forward, firing in deadly precise BURSTS.
text: Steve hides behind a wall which ERUPTS, blown to bits. He
text: stumbles through a doorway into a KITCHEN.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH RISE APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Stillness. The woman and Bishop, staring forward, watching
text: another of her videos. Another late-night diary. She's in a
text: long shirt and panties, leaning close to the camera.
speaker_heading: WOMAN ON CAMERA
speaker_heading: (QUIET)
dialog: Do you know what I dreamed? I
dialog: dreamed you and I had a child...
text: Bishops turns from the screen, walks away. Beat, she
text: silences the TV, moves to join him.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I know, it's crazy. I don't want
dialog: to pin you down. I know you need
dialog: your freedom. I just... sometimes
dialog: I miss you so much...
text: He's staring at her, oddly.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
text: A beat. His eyes move down to her sofa where another man's
text: tie has been discarded. A moment, then she shakes her head,
text: angry with herself. The pretense dropping. The real woman
text: scooping up the tie, tossing in a drawer.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry. Really, I am. I
dialog: just... You didn't give me any
dialog: warning this time.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: I'm sorry, Bishop. It won't happen
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
speaker_heading: (NODDING)
dialog: It's okay. Really. It's okay.
scene_heading: INT. WATCH STORE OWNER'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: WITH THE OWNER. Holding the CAR-15. Listening for his
text: target. His hand moves to the wound in his side, comes away
text: covered in blood. Another decision, the man slides the
text: weapon over his shoulder, retreats...
text: ...MOVING with the man, through his apartment. He reaches
text: his BATHROOM, blows inside. Tosses the toilet tank to the
text: side, reaches in and comes out with a military-grade STIM
text: needle which he JAMS into his own thigh.
text: A MOMENT with the Owner, feeling the drug course through his
dialog: system, giving him strength...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 59.
text: Steve comes out of nowhere, HITS the man in the head with a
text: heavy copper pot, sending him reeling back into the tub.
text: Steve starts forward, DIVES to the side as the man opens back
text: up, full auto, bullets CHEWING everything... CAR-15 finally
text: clicks empty.
text: Steve rises... and the Man is on him, kicking him. Steve,
text: rolling away. The man PULLING him back. WHAM! WHAM! Steve
text: takes brutal punches to the head and face. Blocks one and
text: they GRAPPLE, rolling in the tight space of the hallway, the
text: man coming up on top, pinning Steve's arm, SLAMMING him in
text: the ribs. Something SNAPS.
text: Steve SCREAMS, surges up with the man... smashing him THROUGH
text: a small table, winding up on top of him, his hand around the
dialog: owners throat...
text: The two men... eye to eye. Fierce, deadly. Steve SQUEEZING
text: the life out of him. The man's free arm HITTING Steve, OVER
text: and OVER. Brutal body blows. Steve takes the punishment...
text: continues to Squeeze...
text: ...Finally, the man weakening. In his face... a dull
dialog: resignation.
speaker_heading: OWNER
speaker_heading: (WEAKLY)
dialog: Who... are... you?
text: Steve doesn't answer, just keeps PRESSING. And finally...
text: the man's eyes film over. He dies.
text: Steve just KEEPS PRESSING. Locked. Horrified. Staring into
text: the dead man's face. Finally, he rolls off. Flops back
text: against the wall, broken, bleeding, weeping...
text: He SCREAMS. From the heart, the guts, releasing EVERYTHING.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH RISE APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Bishop sitting at the woman's dining room table. Carefully,
text: she comes and takes the seat opposite him. No pretense. The
dialog: professional, not the actor.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Hey, Bishop. You okay?
text: He stares into his wine. Raises the glass to drink. His
text: hand shakes.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Do you remember, what you wanted to
dialog: be, when you were a little girl?
text: She hears it, it wounds her. Looks down.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry, I didn't mean... I was
dialog: thinking of me.
text: She looks up, clear eyes. She's tough.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: No, it's okay. I wanted to be a
dialog: Marine Biologist. I used to watch
dialog: those Jaques Cousteau movies and
dialog: just... dream.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: I was beautiful.
text: He hears the simple truth of it, nods, respectful. He rises
text: and goes to the music box on the mantle, takes out his wallet
text: and removes the twenty $100 bills.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't worry about it this time. On
dialog: the house.
text: A beat. Then he slides the money under the box as before.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: We all gotta make a living.
text: He leaves, grabbing the doll as he goes. She watches him go,
text: strangely. Sadness breaking through her cool.
scene_heading: INT. LOCAL GROCERY - NIGHT
text: Bell jingles as Bishop pushes in, holding the large Luna
text: Cromwell doll. The Grocer looks up, smiling as he sees
text: Bishop, then confused as he takes in the doll.
text: A SQUEAL of delight as Sophie appears, running, grabbing the
text: doll out of Bishop's hands.
speaker_heading: SOPHIE
dialog: Thank you, thank you! Bishop! Mom!
speaker_heading: MOM!
text: She takes off back into the living quarters of the house.
text: The two men exchange looks, uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: I saw that in a... I'm sorry, I
dialog: probably should have asked.
text: A small beat that says "Yes, you should have."
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: Don't worry about it, Bishop. You
dialog: have a good night.
scene_heading: EXT. BISHOP'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Bishop pulls up in his vintage Cobra. Shuts down the
text: powerful engine, emerges into the night and moves to his
text: porch. The front door has been BLOWN OPEN by gunfire.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Bishop moves in silent, alert. He reaches down under his
text: sideboard for his gun. REACTS as his hand finds nothing.
speaker_heading: STEVE (O.S.)
dialog: ...Can I ask you a question?
text: STEVE sits on his sofa in the dark, head lowered.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Are you surprised to see me?
text: Beat. Steve reaches over, turns on a table lamp as he looks
text: up. His face is BRUISED, bloody. His clothing, stained and
text: ripped. In his hand, Bishop's gun from the sideboard.
text: Bishop TENSES, doesn't react. Steve spits blood, smiles.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
text: Guy owns a watch-store, yet keeps a
dialog: million dollar apartment.
text: Supposedly sits on his ass all day,
text: yet takes stairs double-time.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
text: It was sitting there, right in
dialog: front of my face, wasn't it?
text: Bishop doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Was that the man who killed my
dialog: father?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: There's a code, to what we do. It
dialog: may not be rational, but it
dialog: matters. The man's name was Harry
dialog: Xiao. He was a Mechanic. Last
dialog: year a US Representative died in a
dialog: fire... along with his wife and two
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
text: A few months ago, a CEO vacationing
dialog: in Costa Rica was found dead with
dialog: his wife. Because the woman was
dialog: tortured, the authorities believed
dialog: it was drug related.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Bishop! --
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Civilian casualties are very
dialog: effective at hiding intent, but
dialog: there's a line ---
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I don't give a damn about that!
dialog: You haven't answer my question:
dialog: Did he kill my father?
text: Bishop doesn't react, then...
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: You should put that behind you now.
text: Steve nods, swallowing emotion. Bishop starts to move and
text: Steve is suddenly there, still angry, pointing the gun right
text: in Bishop's face.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I could have died today!
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: You didn't.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Blind fucking luck! Look at me!
dialog: You tried to kill me! That man
dialog: was... he was unstoppable.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: But you stopped him.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Fuck you! You sonofabitch! Give
dialog: me one good reason I don't blow you
dialog: away right now! ONE GOD DAMN
speaker_heading: REASON!
text: FAST, Bishop SLAPS the gun away, PINS Steve up against the
text: wall. Cold.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Now I'm sorry if you got a little
dialog: scared. But this isn't coaching
dialog: girl's softball, is it? This is
dialog: life or death. Every time you go
text: into this, somebody dies.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: Every time, it's you or the other
dialog: man. So stop your crying.
text: He releases Steve who falls to the floor, sucking air.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: You got what you came for,
dialog: congratulations. You're done Go
dialog: back to your friends, your women,
dialog: your whole beautiful life.
speaker_heading: (POINTING)
dialog: That used to be my front door. Try
text: to close it on the way out.
text: Bishop starts to go. Steve's words stop him.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Bishop. Those things... they don't
dialog: mean anything to me. This, makes
dialog: sense. I don't know why. But I
dialog: think I was meant to do this.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: And like you said, you could use
dialog: someone.
text: Bishop studies Steve a long beat. Shakes his head, goes into
text: his study. Steve follows.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - NIGHT
text: Bishop fires up the computer hooked to the printer. He
text: glances over. Steve is standing in the doorway. Bishop
text: tosses Steve the jump-drive. Steve studies it, slots it into
dialog: the computer.
text: Almost instantly, the phone rings. Bishop punches on
text: SPEAKER. The same silence.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: We should all be so lucky.
text: The phone goes dead. The light on the drive turns GREEN.
text: Bishop's PRINTER fires up. It starts printing out pages...
text: ON BISHOP and STEVE. Watching the pages feed out.
text: PHOTOS: A new Mark at an elegant gathering of powerful men
text: and women. Tall, powerful, entitled. His arm around a
text: Turkish beauty in an elegant black one-piece. Emerging from
text: a limousine at a large public event. Security EVERYWHERE.
text: The same beauty on his arm. Charts. Height, weight, medical
dialog: history. Bank accounts, figures. Leases, deeds of property.
text: A LAST PHOTO: Peeling out of the printer... THE WOMAN, the
text: beauty, in a diplomatic power-suit.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 64.
dialog: A second to realize: She's the mark. More pictures, we've
dialog: seen this woman on television recently.
text: ON BISHOP AND STEVE, reacting. Then Bishop gestures towards
text: the large empty wall, waiting.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: You get started. I'll make coffee.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Bishop... Nemesis. Devine
dialog: Retribution. ...What did she do?
text: Beat. Unsaid questions asked, unanswered.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. Okay. Forget I asked.
scene_heading: EXT. EMBASSY - DAY
text: Seen through 30x telescope. The images MAGNIFIED, FLAT. The
text: view unstable, moving. Just the low SOUND OF WIND.
text: Panning over upper-floor windows, hesitating on a pair of
text: armed security, making their rounds. Camera "clicks" then
text: move on. Finds the ENTRANCE. A line of people moving
text: through a metal detector. One young man in particular...
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE, EMBASSY - DAY
text: Steve collects his cell phone from the other side of a metal
text: detector, slots a bluetooth and heads in. Bishop's voice
text: fills his ears.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (O.S.)
dialog: Slow down as soon as you get
dialog: inside. Security station will be
dialog: to your left...
text: Steve passes through a door, pauses as two guards talk in the
text: open doorway to a security control room. Monitors visible.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: How many views?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (eyes moving fast)
dialog: Sixteen, no, eighteen. Four second
dialog: intervals.
text: One of the men notices Steve who starts forward to ask a
text: question. The man points him down the hallway towards the
text: consulat's reception. Steve's eyes track monitors.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Make that four and a half seconds.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING UNDER CONSTRUCTION - CONTINUOUS
text: Bishop is sighting through a camera affixed to the telescope,
text: headphones on. He's on the 14th floor of a skyscraper under
text: construction. Cement pillars and steel-work.
speaker_heading: STEVE (O.S.)
dialog: These guys are packing Israeli-made
text: Uzis. Couple are actual military.
text: Bishop takes in the other buildings across the street, then
text: moves his sight up the embassy, adjusts a control
text: P.O.V. - THROUGH THE SCOPE: Large tinted glass windows
text: suddenly turn transparent. Bishop scans, find The Mark's
text: HUSBAND on the bed watching TV, bored. He scans again...
text: finds The Mark in the adjoining room, on the phone and ANGRY.
text: Bishop touches a switch on the telescope and a small LASER
text: projects. The woman's voice fills Bishop's headset:
scene_heading: TURKISH ENVOY'S VOICE
dialog: No, we're literally locked in here.
dialog: I'm supposed to be presenting at
dialog: the UN but I can't do that if
dialog: everyone is going to panic about
dialog: security...
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING UNDER CONSTRUCTION - CONTINUOUS
text: Bishop's scope zoomed in TIGHT on the Mark, staring at
text: herself in the bathroom mirror. She's brave.
scene_heading: TURKISH ENVOY'S VOICE
dialog: ...This is America. People don't
dialog: just kill people here.
text: Then she shuts the door. Bishop moves his focus upwards to a
text: glassed-in terreriam-like structure on the rooftop. An
text: indoor swimming pool. "Click." "Click." More pictures.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S STUDY - EVENING
text: The SAME pictures, now tacked up. MOVING over the wall.
text: Meticulous study, days of work: BLUEPRINTS of the building.
text: Service corridors highlighted, surveillance cameras marked,
text: pictures tacked to locations.
text: Magazine and newspaper clippings about the Mark, showcasing
dialog: her beauty.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 66.
dialog: Headlines: "The new (and beautiful) face of Turkey." "The
dialog: face that said "no" to America." Other materials: Doctor's
text: reports. Time-tables, intervals circled, holes noted.
text: Steve and Bishop studying everything. Bishop, almost trance-
text: like. Steve pacing.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Work it again.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: She never leaves. It's like they
dialog: know we're coming.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Maybe they do.
text: Steve nods, continues pacing, scoops up Bishop's cat and
text: strokes her. Bishop watches him.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: Falls off the rooftop.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Falls or jumps?
text: Steve moves to the wall of pictures, his gaze lingering on
text: shots of her on vacation is a swimsuit.
speaker_heading: STEVE
speaker_heading: (SMILING)
dialog: I tell you one thing, killing her
dialog: is not the first thing that jumps
dialog: to mind... what?
text: Bishop HEARS this, frowns, moves forward. His eyes scan:
text: The Mark at the pool, getting ready to swim. The security...
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Nothing. I'm going for a run. You
dialog: wanna come?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Let me ask you something. You ever
dialog: not feel like running 5 miles?
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bishops sprints/runs through the woods around his house.
text: Body pushed to limit. In his eyes, his mind somewhere far-
dialog: off, working...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S HOME - EVENING
text: Steve, alone in Bishop's home. He moves from room to room.
text: He hits the kitchen, looks in the fridge, makes a face at the
text: empty shelves, the bottles of supplements.
text: He moves on, pauses to stare at the gas fireplace in the
text: study... moves on towards Bishop's bedroom, takes in the king
text: bed. Runs a finger across the headboard, dusty. He STARES
text: at the large painting across from the bed...
speaker_heading: BISHOP (O.S.)
dialog: You like it?
text: Steve REACTS. Didn't hear Bishop come in.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I don't know. Feels disturbed.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Always made me feel... understood.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Come on.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S STUDY - CONTINUOUS
text: Steve follows Bishop to the wall of research on the female
text: mark. Bishop points to some OLD RESEARCH on the Mark,
dialog: glamorous. She was a model.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
text: The Mark is a beautiful woman.
dialog: Before arriving at her current
dialog: position, she enjoyed the way men
text: looked at her. That's gone now.
dialog: She needs to be taken seriously.
dialog: She hates that men only see the
dialog: beauty. Magazines, heads of state,
dialog: all focusing how what a piece of
dialog: tail she was. Like you did.
text: Steve SQUINTS... Bishop slaps a picture of the pool, the
text: Mark swimming. Two SECURITY AGENTS positioned.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: Why is he standing here? Wouldn't
dialog: he get better coverage... here?
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: ...He can't see her.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
text: He can't see her. Neither of them
dialog: can.
text: Beat. PHONE RINGS. Bishop snaps it up.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: Bishop.
speaker_heading: DEAN (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, Bishop. Catch you at a bad
dialog: time?
text: Bishop doesn't respond. Waits...
speaker_heading: DEAN (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Always the conversationalist.
dialog: Anyway, just calling to say we'd
dialog: like you to go ahead with this one.
dialog: As soon as you can.
text: Click. Phone goes dead. Bishop hangs it up. Steve looks at
text: him, anticipating... Bishop nods.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - DUSK
text: Nice downtown joint. Businesspeople dine. Second-story
text: tinted glass looking out over downtown. TRACKING over faces,
text: laughing, drinking, relieved to be done for the week...
text: Finding Bishop, sitting alone, watching the people. The
text: flirtations, the animosities... He looks down at the street
text: below where a UPS driver has exited the building.
text: Steve breaks the frame, sits down across from Bishop.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Run it again.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: Patrol number three moves down the
text: service corridor at 18:50. Five
dialog: minute window after to make it up
text: top. Three minute climb to
dialog: position. That's 18:54. Three
dialog: minute window to engage. Shake,
dialog: stir, add lime and enjoy.
text: Bishop smiles, looks away.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: How'd you get into it?
text: Bishop looks back, surprised. Checks his watch.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: ...This business, it's not like
dialog: there's a degree you can go get.
dialog: It's like most trades, it gets
dialog: passed down.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: My father was very good, better
dialog: than I'll ever be. But no one
dialog: controls 100%. The nature of the
dialog: work is that some people know who
dialog: you are and what you do.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: A man told his girlfriend, to
dialog: impress her. The girlfriend told
dialog: some people she owned money to...
text: Bishop finishes his glass of water.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: I was young. It took me four
dialog: months to find the people, another
dialog: to find the girl, and she gave me
dialog: the Man. That's how I... "got into
dialog: it."
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You ever wish you just... walked
dialog: away? Let it go?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Sure. Every day. But I wasn't
dialog: wired that way.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: What about you?
text: Beat. Steve and Bishop, oddly locked... BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
text: Three SMALL EXPLOSIONS in the kitchen. FLAMES shoot out of
text: the galley. A cook stumbles out, on fire. A waiter douses
text: him with water. People SCREAM! Alarms BLARE!
text: Steve and Bishop. They haven't moved a muscle.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: Here we go...
dialog: And they're MOVING.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY STATION, EMBASSY - EVENING
text: SECURITY takes a call as another man studies his monitor:
text: People fleeing the building across the street, smoke.
speaker_heading: SECURITY
text: Fire in the restaurant.
dialog: (into radio, Turkish)
dialog: Patrols two and five, we're closing
text: down the front entrance.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: INT. SUITE, EMBASSY - EVENING
text: The MARK stands at her closet, starting to unbutton her shirt
text: to change for her swim. She pulls it closed as one of her
text: security knocks and pushes into the room from a balcony.
speaker_heading: SECURITY PRO
dialog: Excuse me, 'mam. There's a fire
text: next door, nothing to worry about.
text: The Mark nods. The man locks the door behind him, crosses
text: the room, leaves through the main door, professional.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - EVENING
text: Steve and Bishop push UPWARDS through a stream of people
text: flooding DOWN the emergency stairs. They reach a heavy door,
text: locked and alarmed. Beat. Three people burst out from the
text: inside. Steve catches the door and they're through...
scene_heading: INT. LAW OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: A few LAWYERS and a SECRETARY still collecting their things
text: look up as Bishop and Steve push in, holding up badges.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Hey! You need to get out! Whole
dialog: building is going up!
text: Bishop and Steve move on as the startled employees leave.
text: They move down five doors, push into...
scene_heading: INT. LAWYER'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: A private office. Desk, computer, a handwritten note reads
dialog: "Leave mail here, will be back Wednesday." A box from UPS
text: which Bishop TEARS open. Inside, what looks like a large
text: WEAPON. Steve goes to the windows, pushes them open.
text: P.O.V. - THE EMBASSY ACROSS: Changing its security pattern.
text: Men are leaving posts on exterior patios, locking doors.
text: Below, the excess manpower is channeled to the front.
text: Bishop turns, FIRES OUT THE WINDOW. A Cable streaks across,
text: SINKS into the wall of the embassy 30 feet away. Bishop
text: HOOKS the cable on this side, tosses the gun in the box.
text: Steve seals it with tape, slaps a return label on it.
text: He crosses the hall, tosses it in the MAIL ROOM. When he
text: returns, Bishop's already secured the cable outside.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Ready?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 71.
text: Steve hooks on as well, they're both wearing harnesses under
text: their clothing. He steps out onto the ledge with Bishop,
text: closes the window behind him.
text: Bishop lets himself fall backwards.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - NIGHT
text: Flashing light of the fire trucks. No one sees the two
text: figures sliding silently from building to building above,
text: disappearing over a 4th story railing.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY, EMBASSY - NIGHT
text: Steve lands next to Bishop who unfastens the cord they used
text: to cross, spools it back to them. A look. No way back now,
text: and no trace left behind.
text: Jackets strip, reverse to the pattern of the embassy
text: Security. A quick lock pick, and they slip inside.
scene_heading: INT. ROOF LEVEL, EMBASSY - NIGHT
text: Elevator doors open and the Mark gets out. She nods to the
text: guard on duty, heads into a changing room.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY CONTROL ROOM, EMBASSY - NIGHT
text: Two guards monitor screens: Corridors, rooms, entrances and
text: exits. Pairs of guards make their rounds.
text: CLOSING IN ON ONE PAIR. Something about them... The guard
text: squints just as the image CHANGES, showing another part of
text: the embassy. The guard hits a toggle, returns the previous
text: image... But Bishop and Steve are gone.
scene_heading: INT. CHANGING ROOM, EMBASSY - NIGHT
text: The Mark pulls the straps of her swimsuit up over her
text: shoulders. Stares in a mirror as she tucks strands of hair
text: under a swim cap.
scene_heading: INT. INDOOR POOL - NIGHT
text: Quiet, lit from overhead by large halogen lights hanging from
text: the hanger-like beam structure. Dark shadows in the corners.
text: The low sound of water lapping, light reflecting off the
text: water, moving over walls.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 72.
text: The Mark enters, and hangs up her robe. She goes to the edge
text: of the pool, looks down into the water, then glances up at
text: the GUARD who's stationed across the space. He nods back to
text: her, moves to the lower space, giving her a little privacy.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL STRUCTURE - NIGHT
text: A second guard looks in, rudely checks out the Mark as she
text: DIVES into the water and out of sight. He shrugs, looks back
text: out at the roof, lifting a cigarette to light... pauses.
text: ACROSS THE ROOF, an access door is open.
scene_heading: INT. INDOOR POOL - NIGHT
text: The Mark swims, hard. Cutting through the water. She
text: reaches the far wall and kick-turns against it.
text: UNDERWATER. Her body passing above us. Silhouetted by the
text: strong halogen lights above her. ONLY THE THROBBING SILENCE
text: OF UNDERWATER.
text: ACROSS THE SPACE. The indoor guard checks in on his radio.
text: Looks up as the DOOR nearest him swings open. He rises,
text: approaches the door, curious. Looks out.
text: HIS P.O.V.: The rooftop, lit by security lights, the
text: strobing of the firetrucks below. Dark shadows. He hears a
text: RUSTLING, a BANGING. Torn, he glances backwards. Can't see
text: the Mark in the pool from here, but can hear her strokes.
dialog: WITH THE MARK
text: She kicks hard, dives under... And we're in her P.O.V. The
text: far wall approaching, then we REVOLVE as she turns, now
text: looking UP at the surface as she backstrokes to the surface,
text: BREAKING THE SURFACE, now swimming face up to the bright
text: lights hanging from the girdered ceiling.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL STRUCTURE - NIGHT
text: The second Guard tests the door. Seems fine. Takes out his
text: flashlight and plays it over the roof. Sees nothing. We
text: REVERSE to find Steve there, tucked away, just out of sight.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE ROOF
text: The first guard reaches the source of the noise: A plastic
text: bag, caught in a revolving air vent. He pulls it free.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: INT. INDOOR POOL - CONTINUOUS
text: With the Mark, coming out of another turn, still backstroke,
text: looking up. She makes it half way across the pool... pauses.
text: She slows... floating, staring upwards into the light.
text: HER P.O.V. The lights. But it's like she senses something
text: beyond them, puts a hand up to shield her eyes...
text: AND BISHOP DROPS FROM THE CEILING, FREE-FALL, COMING STRAIGHT
dialog: DOWN AT HER!!!!
text: She opens her mouth to scream...
text: WHUUMPH! He goes in, taking her with him underwater, his
text: momentum carrying them both several feet under. She TWISTS
text: in his arms, fighting. Screaming, bubbles FLOWING from her
dialog: mouth!
text: ABOVE THE SURFACE. It's silent. No sign of the violent
text: struggle going on below the surface.
text: ACROSS THE ROOM. Guard number one returns, glances up
text: towards the pool. Doesn't hear anything. He sits back in
dialog: his chair.
text: UNDERWATER. The struggle is violent, silent, terrible in
text: it's inevitable conclusion. The Mark writhes and jerks but
text: Bishop holds her tight, always pulling her away from the
text: surface. Finally, the fight goes out of her. She goes limp
text: in his arms.
text: He turns her, stares into her unseeing eyes. Then lets her
text: go, rising slowly to the surface.
text: AT THE SURFACE. Bishop just breaks, breathing in, silent.
text: He raises himself slightly, sees the guard at his post.
text: ACROSS THE ROOM. The guard glances back towards the pool,
dialog: hasn't heard anything for a little bit...
text: BAM! BAM! BAM! A new noise from outside gets his attention
text: again. He heads out, hand on his sidearm...
scene_heading: EXT. POOL STRUCTURE, ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: The guard approaches the same door Guard #2 already checked,
text: banging in the wind. Open again. He starts to move towards
text: it when a FIGURE looms, he almost draws his weapon, breathes
text: relief when he makes Guard #2.
speaker_heading: GUARD #2 (TURKISH)
dialog: It's the second time it's come
dialog: open. She still swimming?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: INT. POOL STRUCTURE - NIGHT
text: The two Guards come into the pool area. On the far wall, the
text: shower is running, a towel has fallen over the drain and the
text: water is flowing down and into the pool.
text: One of the men steps forward, concerned...
speaker_heading: GUARD #2 (TURKISH)
dialog: Oh hell...
text: The Mark floats face-up in the pool, just under the surface.
scene_heading: INT. CHANGING ROOM, EMBASSY - NIGHT
text: Bishop has already shed his wet clothing, pulls on dry
text: clothes as Steve comes into the room. They barely
text: acknowledge each other, business. Bishop stuffs the wet
text: clothes in a bag, dumps it into a LAUNDRY chute.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: How did it go --
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Not yet.
text: As if on cue, an ALARM BLARES. Excited voices come on over
text: an embassy wide PA System. VOICES from the next room.
text: Bishop opens the chute again as Steve cracks a glowstick,
text: puts it between his teeth, swings his legs in, and DROPS.
text: ACROSS THE ROOM. The door to the dressing room opens, armed
text: guards flood in, along with Embassy officials speaking on
text: radios. The room is empty.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY CHUTE - CONTINUOUS
text: Tight, PITCH BLACK except for the eerie glow coming from the
text: glowsticks Bishop and Steve have in their teeth. They slide
text: FAST, the sides of the tube RUSHING up at them. And then
text: suddenly a dim LIGHT at the bottom, rising fast...
scene_heading: INT. SERVICE ROOM, EMABASSY - CONTINUOUS
text: Steve lands hard in a cart of towels. Rises and pushes
text: himself out of the way just in time for Bishop who grabs the
text: pack he tossed down, shoulders it, and they're MOVING again,
text: now through sub-corridors.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Alright, you gotta admire that.
dialog: You gotta admit, we are a spooky
dialog: good team...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 75.
text: They PUSH through a set of old doors, move fifteen feet to a
text: metal roll-down door.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: It's like one moment we're there...
dialog: the next moment...
text: He ROLLS UP the door. STARES at a NEW WALL OF CEMENT BRICKS.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: ...we're fucked.
text: Bishop takes in the problem, starts to solve it. He tracks
dialog: left right, considering options...
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: There wasn't any sign of this on
dialog: the plans. I went over them fifty
dialog: times!! This isn't supposed to be
dialog: here! This can't be here!
text: Bishop holds up a finger. "Shhhhhh" They LISTEN. A soft
text: "beeping." Both men PEER around the edge of the metal door
text: to where a small box with a red light BLINKS.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Bishop... what do we do!?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Duck...
text: Steve looks at Bishop and BOOM! Doors BLOW OPEN, THREE
text: GUARDS burst through, machine guns raised and SPITTING...
text: Steve hits the deck. Watching Bishop, it's like everything
dialog: we've seen so far was in slow motion. This is the real
text: thing, unleashed.
text: Bishop WRAPS the first man up, uses his Kevlar vest as a
text: shield to catch the fire from the other two. The man SCREAMS
text: as his arm breaks. Bishop gets control of his weapon,
text: focuses it on the other two. One is BLOWN back. The other
dialog: DIVES for cover.
text: Fluid, Bishop REVERSES the man, pushes him AWAY from him,
text: coming up with TWO of the man's Flash-bangs in each hand.
text: Each hand DIALS the grenade's timers to two different
text: settings, simultaneously POPPING the levers.
text: Second attacker FIRES a burst which Bishop DUCKS, the bullets
text: stitching across the first attacker, SLAMMING him back, his
text: rounds TEARING into the ceiling, showering Steve in debris.
text: Bishop THROWS the first grenade which reaches the attacker
text: just as he rises for another shot. BOOM!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 76.
text: Another down as ANOTHER ATTACKER dives through the door at
text: Bishop who wraps the man up, his fingers finding pressure
text: points on the man who goes limp in his arms, dead.
text: ON STEVE. On the floor, witnessing everything. Even in the
text: chaos, recognizing the move.
text: Bishop SHOVES the last grenade down the front of the dead
text: attacker's clothes, wheels him around, PRESSING him against
dialog: the concrete brick wall...
text: ... TWO more Security kick open a door, guns fire! Bishop
text: goes horizontal, his legs CRUSHING the one man against the
text: metal Grate even as he returns fire at the other two who fall
text: back and BOOM! The grenade goes off! Bishop is HURLED
text: against the far wall. SMOKE AND DEBRIS fill the space.
text: Bishop MOVES, hauling Steve to his feet and shoving him into
text: the ragged hole blown in the brick wall even as bullets trace
text: after them. A bullet catches Bishop in the side, he sprawls,
text: then LEAPS towards the hole...
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND PARKING STRUCTURE - NIGHT
text: Cover in the floor is tossed aside. Bishop and Steve emerge,
text: move 6 feet to a non-descript Buick. Climb in. The keys are
text: waiting, Bishop starts it up, drives up the ramp.
text: Next to him, Steve is catatonic, lost. As he drives, Bishop
text: RIPS a strip from his shirt, pads the wound in his side.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Hey! Hey! You still here?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: ...It was my fault. I was in
text: charge of the exit. I looked at
dialog: every work order, every entry in
dialog: the building logs...
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: No one controls 100% That's the
dialog: nature of the beast.
text: Steve swallows, nods as Bishop brings the Buick around a last
text: corner, ACCELERATING at the closed gate in front of them, a
text: Turkish guard waving his arms frantically...
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - NIGHT
text: Firetrucks and ambulances already crowd the streets. There's
text: just no time or extra manpower left to react to the Buick
text: which plows through the gate of the locked garage.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: INT. BUICK- CONTINUOUS
text: Two blocks behind, a single police car follows. Bishop takes
text: a hard turn, moving FAST.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Hey! You did good in there. You
dialog: hear me?. It was asking a lot.
dialog: You came through.
text: Steve nods, processing, accepting. Another TURN. Bishop
text: slides the car to a stop in a covered lot. Across from them,
text: Bishop's own Cobra waits.
text: Behind them, the police car tears by, lost.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Bishop drives down the small lane leading to his home. Steve
text: is staring out his window, deep in thought. Finally, looks
text: over. For the first time takes in Bishop's injuries.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You're bleeding.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: ...Yup.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: So back there. That was one
dialog: hundred percent?
text: Bishop looks over, gives nothing. Tiny smile.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Door opens and Bishop and Steve come in. Steve plops in a
text: chair, head in his hands. A beat, and then MUSIC filters in.
text: Neil Young's "Needle and the Damage Done." He raises his
text: head, sees light glowing from the study.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - CONTINUOUS
text: Bishop sits in a chair, eyes closed. Steve comes in, stares
text: at Bishop. Looks over and admires the surface of the
dialog: spinning record...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Do you think you know it, when
dialog: you've made the mistake you won't
dialog: survive? Or will it be like the
dialog: Marks? Wake up on top of the
dialog: world, never know...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 78.
text: Steve glances into the open cabinet where Bishop keeps his
text: vinyl, FREEZES. Comes out with an signed album.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: ...Oh my God. This is a signed
dialog: Hendrix Axis, 1967 release. This
dialog: has gotta be worth... we have to
dialog: play this. You have to play this.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: (shaking head no)
dialog: That one... is for a special
dialog: moment. Haven't found it yet.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You haven't found the... Are you
dialog: kidding? You have to -- what?
text: Bishop's eyes SHOOT open. He looks out the window where a
text: series of SEDANS are pulling up. Men get out, approach.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: This could get... interesting.
scene_heading: EXT. BISHOP'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Bishop steps out of his home. One of the several men there
text: steps forward.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Mr. Bishop? Mr. Dean would like a
dialog: moment of your time.
text: Off Bishop who... nods.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRSTRIP - NIGHT
text: Sedan pulls up, Bishop is escorted onto a private jet.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Steve stands in the middle of Bishop's home. Home alone.
text: -- Steve stares at the classic vinyl on Bishop's turntable.
text: -- Steve, wiring his IPod to Bishop's stereo. Nine Inch
text: Nails' "Piggy" comes blasting out, insults the speakers.
text: -- Steve moves to the bedroom, STARES at the haunting
text: painting. He reaches forward, takes it down. Nothing.
text: Blank wall behind.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S STUDY - NIGHT
text: Steve blasts in, lights glow on, illuminate the wall of
text: research on the Female Mark. He goes to the gas fireplace,
text: flames flicker up. Steve RIPS down the pictures of the
text: woman. Moves to the fire and feeds the first one in.
text: ON STEVE, watching. His eyes... Tracking to the side.
text: STEVE'S P.O.V.: Down, below the fire, stuck to the side of
dialog: the interior cavity... a scrap of paper...
text: Steve kills the fire, reaches in, carefully removes the scrap
text: of paper. A corner of a photograph. A few buildings,
text: distant, out of focus. Almost nothing.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM, PRIVATE JET - EARLY MORNING
text: Bishop, shirtless, stares in the mirror. He checks the wound
text: in his side, splashes Vodka from a handful of mini bottles,
text: painfully re-wraps the wound.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE JET - EARLY MORNING
text: Bishop emerges from the bathroom, peers out at the grey
text: monoliths of Washington D.C., below.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP, MCKENNA HOLDING CORP - MORNING
text: Gray morning. Wind blows. Steve stands alone, holding the
text: scrap of photograph, now in a plastic envelope. He stares at
text: where the chalk line has almost completely faded, then looks
text: up, taking in the views, vantage points. A half mile away a
text: building under construction rises high.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD - MORNING
text: Bishop steps off the plane. Another sedan and driver waits.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN CONSTRUCTION FLOOR - MORNING
scene_heading: P.O.V. THROUGH A CAMERA: The McKenna Holding Corp building.
text: Image focuses on the rooftop, shutter clicks.
text: Steve lowers the camera, looks at the display. He removes
text: the scrap from Bishop's fireplace, compares it... the same
text: buildings in the corner of the frame. Perfect match.
text: ON STEVE. No remaining doubt. Bishop killed his father.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 80.
text: WIDER. The SECURITY PROFESSIONAL is up here with Steve,
text: hanging back. Steve nods to him.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Do it. I don't care what it costs.
scene_heading: I/E. SEDAN - MORNING
text: Driver pulls the sedan to a stop in front of a large
text: nondescript building. Bishop steps out, alone on the street,
text: passes through the morning commuters, and goes in.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL SECURITY BUILDING - MORNING
text: Bishop passes through a SECURITY CHECKPOINT. Post 9/11,
text: hyper-conscious. Metal detector. Smart guards backed up by
text: battle-ready US Marines. Bishop collects his ID, waits for a
text: door to "click" open.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM, NSA BUILDING - MORNING
text: Bishop sits in a fluorescent lit room, now with a bar-code
text: badge on his coat. A few other people also wait. Bishop
text: checks his wound, pulls his coat closed to mask where blood
text: has stained his shirt.
text: A door opens and a plain woman nods to Bishop.
scene_heading: INT. DEAN'S OFFICE - MORNING
text: Bishop sits in a chair. Through blinds, views of gray DC.
text: WIDER. We realize that the plain woman is sitting across
text: from Bishop, watching him. Finally, the door opens and DEAN
text: enters. Pasty white, slightly balding. It's hard to locate
text: where the sense of power come from, but it's there, innate.
text: He motions to the woman who leaves. Dean sits at his desk,
text: taps his fingers on it.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: You look like shit.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: How does Harry McKenna's son figure
dialog: in?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: He's going to be working with me
dialog: from now on.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: You sure that's wise?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Do I need your permission?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: No... And for the record, I don't
dialog: believe you'd ask for it.
text: Dean grabs a remote control on his desk, points it at the set
text: of flatscreens on the wall which hum to life, muted.
text: News reports featuring the killing of the Turkish Embassador.
text: Shots of the woman, smiling. Helicopter shots of the pool
text: structure. Words scroll: "Terror on our soil."
text: "Assassination!" "US Envoy ejected from Turkey..."
speaker_heading: DEAN (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: (POINTING)
dialog: That was my baby. But my baby has
text: turned into an epic shit-storm and
dialog: so when the man who caused said
text: epic shit storm suddenly decides to
dialog: do some soul-searching...
speaker_heading: (PLAINLY)
dialog: What are you doing, Bishop?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: The mistake was mine, not the
dialog: kid's.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I DON'T CARE.
text: Dean leans in, intense. Bishop watches the screens. A
text: screen changes to a commercial for a Bahamas resort.
speaker_heading: DEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I am on some very fucking thin ice
dialog: right now which means you are on
dialog: some very fucking this ice as well.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Someone I trained. That could be
dialog: worth a lot to you.
text: Dean laughs, rises with nervous energy and goes to the
text: interior blinds, raises one. From here they can see out over
text: the office. Glimpses of a dozen conversations. Other men
text: and women at work. More than a couple glance over towards
text: Dean's office. A predatory vibe.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: And here I thought we were both
dialog: going to live forever.
text: Bishop smiles. Dean stares at him. Bishop stares back.
text: Suddenly, this becomes the moment, the decision...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: DEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, in this business, you
dialog: only get one mistake.
dialog: (off the flatscreens)
dialog: So nothing more like that. You
dialog: take full responsibility.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Yes.
text: The two men, face to face. Then Dean's phone rings. He
text: turns to it, snaps it up.
speaker_heading: DEAN
speaker_heading: (ON PHONE)
dialog: Hey, Stanley. Yes, we're all
dialog: sorted out. I just need you to --
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: The hit, on the woman. What was
dialog: the reason?
text: Dean looks back, surprised, angered.
speaker_heading: DEAN
speaker_heading: (ON PHONE)
dialog: I'm calling you back.
text: Dean clicks off, takes in this change of rules. A dead
text: seriousness infects his voice. Fear.
speaker_heading: DEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, this foul-up, McKenna's
dialog: son, it's all got some people's
text: panties in a real twirl.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: This isn't the time for questions.
dialog: This is the time for survival.
dialog: Everyone... is expendable.
text: Beat. Dean turns away, picks up the phone again.
speaker_heading: DEAN (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Yeah, get me Stan again...
scene_heading: EXT. MCKENNA ESTATE - AFTERNOON
text: Steve lays out by his pool, sunglasses, baking under the sun
text: as his group of hangers-on swarm around him. Play, dance,
text: splash. He's immune to all of it. Louise climbs from the
text: pool, water drips off her perfect form. She nestles in
text: behind Steve, her hands running over his body.
text: He stares straight ahead, as if she didn't exist.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: Come on, baby. What's the matter?
text: Finally, something does catch his attention: At the gate, a
text: DHL Van pulling up, the driver heading toward him. Steve
text: lowers his glasses.
scene_heading: EXT. BISHOP'S HOME - EVENING
text: Seen from far away, the sedan pulls up. Bishop gets out.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Bishop enters, looks around. No sign of Steve, or any
text: disturbance. He moves through the house.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Steve! Steve...!?
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Bishop tense, in his study, holding the phone which rings...
text: rings... Steve's voice comes on the voicemail: "Hi, this is
dialog: Steve. You know what to do."
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Bishop, sitting on his couch. On the TV in front of him,
text: images from a protest in Turkey, an American flag burning.
text: Bishop's eyes flick to the stack of DVDs from the woman. No.
text: He keeps watching the news images.
text: His phone rings. He snatches it up.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: Bishop.
speaker_heading: STEVE (O.S.)
dialog: You're still alive.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Seems that way.
speaker_heading: STEVE (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, can you meet me? Something I
dialog: want to talk with you about.
text: Bishop, silent.
speaker_heading: STEVE (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: It's important. Come up to the
dialog: house. Please, okay?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Okay.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: EXT. MCKENNA ESTATE - NIGHT
text: Bishop's sportscar pulls up in front of the large estate.
text: Bishop gets out, surveys the grounds. Weirdly quiet. The
text: windows of the house, dark. The grounds, empty.
text: He moves to the gates to the back yard, finds them open. He
text: pushes through, cautious.
scene_heading: EXT. MCKENNA ESTATE - NIGHT
text: Bishop moves towards the darkened pool area. As he
text: approaches, Steve comes into view, standing by himself on the
text: edge of the diving board in the center of the dark space.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: There you are. Thanks for coming.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: What's on your mind?
text: Steve just smiles, shakes his head. Bishop stares at him,
text: tense, confused. Each trying to read the other.
text: Then Steve raises a bottle of whiskey to his mouth, drinks.
text: Bishop takes a step forward and...
text: ... LIGHTS WASH THE SPACE! Explosions! SOUND FILLS THE AIR!
speaker_heading: VOICES
speaker_heading: SURPRISE!
text: Bishop ducks, rolls, his hand moving under his jacket...
text: ... but not coming out with his gun. He takes in a surprise
text: party, opening in front of him. Beautiful woman, LAUGHING,
text: blowing horns. Men, pouring champagne. STREAMERS falling to
text: the ground where seconds before they blew into the air, a
text: large BANNER, illuminated behind Steve: "HAPPY BIRTHDAY
text: ARTHUR!" And Steve, standing on the board, master of
text: ceremonies, staring back at Bishop... oddly cool,
text: dispassionate. Then he smiles.
text: Bishop rises. Women come to him, touch him, put a party hat
text: on him and give him small kisses with wishes of "Happy
text: Birthday" as he moves to the pool edge across from Steve.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: It's not my birthday.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: When was the last time you
dialog: celebrated your real birthday?
text: No response from Bishop. Steve nods, swigs the bottle again.
text: He's lit, something fierce and fiery in his eyes.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: See? You're overdue, buddy.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Who are these people?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: They think you're a friend of mine,
dialog: a producer, from Canada.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: In other words, they're all your
dialog: best friends.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL AREA, MCKENNA ESTATE - NIGHT (LATER)
text: Bishop sits on an outdoor sofa, surrounded by several
text: gorgeous aspiring MODELS. Steve sits across from him, Louise
text: under his arm. Bishop watches as one of the models ties a
text: cherry-stem into a knot with her tongue, presents it to the
text: group to a round of applause.
speaker_heading: MODEL
speaker_heading: (TO BISHOP)
dialog: So what movies have you made?
speaker_heading: STEVE
speaker_heading: (JUMPING IN)
dialog: Oh, he makes the really violent,
dialog: disturbing stuff. You wouldn't
dialog: know it to look at him, I know, but
dialog: what's locked up away in there...
dialog: (tapping his head)
dialog: Frightening, man.
speaker_heading: MODEL
dialog: God, I love those. Which ones --
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Mr. KcKenna has a creative
dialog: relationship with the truth. I
dialog: don't actually...
text: The model glances around, unsure...
speaker_heading: MODEL
dialog: Oh, okay. That's funny. So what
dialog: do you do?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Yes, Mr. Bishop. What do you do?
text: Bishop doesn't respond. He's just staring down.
text: BISHOP'S P.O.V.: Discarded, lying beneath the sofa the
text: models are perched on: The tear-strip from a DHL Envelope.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, Mr. Bishop. We're all
dialog: waiting.
text: Bishop looks up at Steve who SMILES back. A beat, and then
text: Bishop is up and moving through the crowd, pushing by people
text: LAUGHING, DANCING. He almost runs into a bright blue-haired
text: woman on the arm of a jockish RAPPER.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Excuse me...
text: He comes up short, realizes he's staring into the face of the
text: Woman. She's utterly different than we've seen her.
text: Tonight, she's the clubbing party-girl. Dark lipstick,
text: bright blue wig, heavy eye-liner.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Hi... This is strange.
text: The Rapper she's with has found a group of his buddies. High-
text: fives all around. He glances around for his date...
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Is he your...?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: No, just a job.
dialog: (off his nod)
dialog: I have to...
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: I know. Go on.
text: She nods, turns away. He also turns, starts moving through
text: the crowd, pushing through DANCING BODIES...
text: ... and suddenly she's back with him. No words. Lights and
text: sound and dance around them. She leans forward, kisses
text: Bishop once. Backs off, smiles, turns away and makes her way
text: back to the guy she came in with who tucks her under his arm
text: without missing a beat, mid-story with his posse.
text: Bishop... staring. Turns away as the MUSIC STOPS. Steve's
text: voice fills the outdoor space, amplified.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen! The man of
dialog: the hour!
text: A SPOTLIGHT hits Bishop. He squints up as the crowd makes
text: space for him. Steve's near the DJ, speaking on a mic.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: I know that not many of you know my
dialog: friend. My good, dear... friend.
dialog: I mean, he's a man of few words...
dialog: And he's an art lover! Did you
dialog: know that? His home is covered
dialog: with work. It's amazing, what you
text: can find in there. Amazing.
text: A weird beat. Steve, smiling fierce.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Happy birthday, Arthur.
text: Behind Steve, a covered object. Steve now turns to it, pulls
text: the cover off a PORTRAIT of Bishop, clearly done by the
text: Artist he collects. The image is twisted, vivid, disturbing.
text: As the crowd erupts in APPLAUSE the ARTIST himself now comes
text: forward, Steve's arm around his shoulder and bumping fists
text: before the Artist heads on towards Bishop, shaking Bishop's
text: hand. Faces BEAM. People CLAP. On Bishop, just looking at
text: Steve who stares back... unreadable.
scene_heading: EXT. MCKENNA ESTATE - NIGHT
text: Bishop bangs out a door into the front drive, makes it to his
text: car, fumbles for his keys. Sweating, off-kilter.
speaker_heading: STEVE (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, you forgot something.
text: Steve's there, holding the portrait. Bishop nods, takes it.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Sorry... Sorry for leaving. I'm
dialog: just not used to --
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: No worries, man. It's your party.
dialog: You can leave it.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: It's true, isn't it? What you said
dialog: to me the first time we met.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: This thing we do. Finally, you
dialog: always do it alone.
text: Bishop nods unconsciously, starts towards his car, forces
dialog: himself to stop.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Steve... thank you.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Uh-oh. I can feel some male
dialog: bonding coming. We gonna hug it
dialog: out, Bishop?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: No, I'm serious. Thank you.
dialog: People don't... Anyway, it's been
dialog: a long time, since someone did
dialog: something for me.
text: Steve looks back, nods. Strangely dark.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Happy Birthday, Arthur.
text: Steve raises a hand, shoots Bishop with a finger. A wink,
text: and he turns and is gone, back to the party.
text: Bishop climbs into his car, pulls away.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S CAR - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bishop drives the car out of McKenna's estate, pulls out onto
text: the street. He starts to accelerate away... then STOPS the
text: car in the middle of the street.
text: ON BISHOP. Fighting what his guts are screaming at him.
text: Losing it, POUNDING on the steering wheel. Suddenly still...
scene_heading: EXT. POOL AREA, MCKENNA ESTATE - NIGHT
text: Party rages on, oblivious to the absence of its recipient.
text: Suddenly faces turn UPWARDS... to where Steve is looking down
text: on everyone from a third story balcony over the pool.
speaker_heading: STEVE
speaker_heading: (CALLING OUT)
dialog: Are you all having fun!
scene_heading: SHOUTS and NODS. LAUGHTER.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: I despise each and every one of
dialog: you!
text: MORE SHOUTS, LAUGHTER. Steve LEAPS out into space. Perfect
text: huge swam dive... falling... HITTING the water. A moment of
dialog: silence... did he? Was that deep enough...?
text: Steve ERUPTS out of the water. Party ROARS back into life.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: EXT. GROUNDS, MCKENNA ESTATE - CONTINUOUS
text: High above the festivities. Bishop slips over the wall,
text: makes his way down towards the estate.
scene_heading: INT. MCKENNA ESTATE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Dark and empty in here, party raging outside. Bishop enters
text: Steve's bedroom. Messy, the bed unmade. A woman's
text: underthings lying on the floor.
text: Bishop surveys the room, checks drawers, peers down into the
text: party below. He can see Steve in the middle of it all,
text: Louise on his arm, his hand on her ass.
text: Bishop moves to the office door, locked. He slides a pick-
text: set out of his pocket, gets to work.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, MCKENNA ESTATE - NIGHT
text: The door lock "clicks" and Bishop enters, closes the door
text: after himself and locks it, turns around...
text: The room has been STRIPPED of everything that was in here
dialog: last time. GONE are the paintings, the portraits, the
text: mementos. All traces of Harry McKenna, removed.
text: Instead, a SINGLE desk inhabits the center of the room, a
text: small computer monitor and keyboard centered on it. Bishop
text: comes around, touches a key on the keyboard. The monitor
text: glows to life with a single "PASSWORD" prompt.
text: Bishop stares at it. He sits, staring, concentrating...
scene_heading: EXT. POOL AREA, MCKENNA ESTATE - CONTINUOUS
text: Steve has moved to the edge of the raised patio, looking down
text: into the valley. His eyes still, deep, impossible to read.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: Hey! Hey baby! Karen's got some
dialog: amazing E. You need to come try...
text: Steve turns those cool eyes on her. She shrinks. We think
dialog: he might slap her, then:
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Give me a moment. I'll be right
dialog: there. We'll do that amazing E.
text: And he looks away, back down over the view. A resigned
text: loneliness settling into his features.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, MCKENNA ESTATE - NIGHT (LATER)
text: Bishop, just staring at the password prompt which throbs in
text: front of him. Beat. His eyes flick across to the few books
text: lying on the desk. Weaponry, physiology... Greek Mythology.
text: Bishop reaches forward, types "Nemesis." Hits ENTER. A
dialog: moment... and then our minds are blown.
text: The entire wall of the room in front of Bishop glows to life.
text: It's a one large high-resolution monitor. On it, glows an
text: infinitely detailed work-up on Bishop. A photograph on him
text: glows at the center of the screen, changing every three or
text: four seconds to another.
text: This is Bishop's method, brought into the 21st century.
dialog: Accounts, Medical charts, psych profile, associates,
dialog: residence...
text: Bishop approaches... takes it in. Touches "Accounts" and the
text: window SPREADS OUT across the whole wall. Multiple windows,
text: all of Bishop's money, displayed in real time, the numbers
text: subtly changing with the flow of foreign markets.
text: Another window above is labeled "Associates." Bishop touches
text: this one and the financial windows are replaced with a
text: collage of FACES. Not too many. We recognize the Store
dialog: Owner and his Daughter. Steve himself. An older man "Gerald
text: Bishop," Bishop's father. And a photo of the Woman.
text: Bishop touches the woman and multiple images propagate out
text: from the single. Many stills, but several are in motion,
dialog: looping: Childhood movies. A commercial done as a teen. A
text: blue movie when she was 20. Bishop's eyes settle on a video
text: image: He and the woman, caught just an hour ago in the
text: middle of the dancing party. The woman leaning to him,
text: kissing him.
text: Bishop stares at the image, then touches another image
text: labeled "Residence." INSTANTLY, the images are replaced with
text: images of the interior and exterior of Bishop's home.
text: Bishop stares at them, confused. SQUINTS... realizing that
text: in one of the images, the trees lightly sway in the breeze.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Huh.
text: His eyes dart to an image of his DINING ROOM. It looks like
text: a still, until suddenly Bishops' cat passes through the
text: frame. Bishops' eyes dart, moving from frame to frame. The
text: whole interior of his life. His living room, bedroom, study,
text: gym. All live feeds.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: Son of a bitch...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 91.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, MCKENNA ESTATE - NIGHT (LATER)
text: Door BURSTS open, Steve pushing in, his arms wrapped around
text: Louise and another gorgeous woman from the party. As the two
text: women hit the bed, start undressing each other, Steve takes a
text: moment -- sensing. Something not right. He pulls keys from
text: his pocket, unlocks the study door, peers in.
scene_heading: STEVE'S P.O.V.: THE STUDY - EMPTY
speaker_heading: LOUISE (O.S.)
dialog: Come on, Steve. We need you.
scene_heading: INT. DIVE BAR - NIGHT
text: Low end. Mean men and loose women. Metal on the juke. Duct-
text: taped naugahyde. Bartender on parole. Eyes raise as Bishop
text: pushes in, scattered focus, hits the bar.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Whiskey. Neat. Lots of it.
text: Bishop fumbles in his pocket, brings out a thick wad of cash.
text: $100s and $20s. Eyes track. At a booth, two EX CONS lock
text: onto Bishop, one sporting a middle-finger raised FU tattoo on
text: his bare shoulder. Bishop pushes $100 forward.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: That's too much.
text: Bishop grabs the shot, down it. Pushes the empty shot and
text: the cash back at the bartender.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: I'm not going anywhere.
speaker_heading: AN HOUR LATER
text: Another shot is put down on the bar, empty. Bishop wipes
text: watery eyes, nods to the bartender to hit it again.
text: Bishop stares at the drink, then his attention is drawn to
text: the bar TV. Footage from the protests in Turkey is narrated
text: by a news anchor, speaking.
scene_heading: FEMALE NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: ...Intelligence services can listen
dialog: to our calls. But what about the
dialog: rest of the world?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: FEMALE NEWS ANCHOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, today the answer seems to be
dialog: 'No" as outrage over the
dialog: assassination of the Turkish envoy
dialog: Bahar Miryem has forced the US to
dialog: reverse its position, now saying
dialog: that it will not make it support of
dialog: Turkey's EU bid contingent on its
dialog: cooperation in the security
dialog: agreement. Miryem had always
dialog: advocated for Turkish autonomy from
dialog: --
text: Bartender hits a remote, annoyed. Channel changes to a 70's
text: Charles Bronson flick. Bishop blinks, shakes his head...
text: He collects himself, weaves out of the bar. The Ex-Cons
dialog: watch him go.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS - NIGHT
text: Bishop weaves his way into an alley to piss. Relieves
text: himself on a wall. Done, he zips up, turns...
text: WHAM! One of the Ex-Cons catches him across the face with a
text: punch. Bishop reels back against the wall.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: ...More.
text: WHAM! WHAM! Bishop takes the punches, no defense. Face
text: punished. The guy backs off, slightly winded.
speaker_heading: EX CON
dialog: Dude, you don't want any more, give
dialog: us that money.
text: Bishop shakes his head. WHAM! WHAM! Two more hits to the
text: body. Bishop just keeps taking the punishment. Seems to
text: relish it. Spits blood.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Look, I'll give you my money, but
dialog: you have to promise me you won't
dialog: spend it all on lipstick and
dialog: tampons.
text: Ex Con #2 pulls a gun, puts it to Bishop's head.
speaker_heading: EX CON #2
dialog: You wanna die right here,
dialog: motherfucker?
text: Bishop raises his eyes to the man. Not so drunk after all.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: ...Thank you.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Bishop sits at his dining room table, staring straight ahead.
text: His face is cut, his flesh swollen. He STARES. If paranoia
dialog: and loneliness had a face, this is it.
text: REVERSE to find the Artist's portrait of him, hung on the
text: wall across, a surreal and distorted mirror. He chews his
text: food steady, even, acutely aware he's being watched.
text: We LINGER on the small camera eye tucked in the high corner
text: of the room, staring down...
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, MCKENNA ESTATE - CONTINUOUS
text: Steve sits half-naked in the office chair, the high-tech wall
text: illuminated in front of him. In the bed in the other room,
text: the two women are asleep, nude, draped over each other.
text: Steve watches Bishop leave his table. He hits a control and
text: the image SHIFTS, picks up Bishop checking his mail, grabbing
text: a baseball cap from a rack as Bishop moves to his den,
text: settles into a chair facing the television. Can't see his
text: face, just the back of the cap on his head, the tv screen,
text: set to white static. He touches a key and the IMAGE ZOOMS IN
text: on Bishop, moving slightly...
speaker_heading: LOUISE (O.S.)
speaker_heading: (SLEEPY)
dialog: Steve...? Where are you, baby?
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S HOME - NIGHT
text: The TV purrs static, white flickering light fills the room.
text: We SLOWLY TURN, reversing, to find: The baseball cap, held
text: up at the top of the chair by a pillow. No sign of Bishop.
scene_heading: EXT. BISHOP'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Bishop moves through shadows. He knows the positions of the
text: cameras, avoids them, heads towards his BARN.
scene_heading: INT. BARN - NIGHT
text: Bishop enters, turns on lights. He threads his way through
text: his collection of beautiful automobiles until he reaches the
text: far wall. He ROLLS up a large steel door...
text: ... revealing a wall, COVERED with his research on Steve.
text: Lots of it, weeks of work. He moves forward to a paper that
text: lists stats about Steve that includes a blank space for
text: "Occupation:" Bishop fills it in: "Mechanic."
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 94.
text: Suddenly LIGHTS wash across the space. Bishop glances out:
text: A VAN is making it's way up the drive.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, MCKENNA ESTATE - NIGHT
text: The wall-sized monitor glows Steve's face as he watches the
text: DHL driver get out, makes his way to the door, knock...
text: Steve's eyes flick to what he can see of Bishop, asleep in
text: the chair. No movement... Steve LEANS FORWARD, interested.
text: The DHL Driver knocks again, rings the bell. Still no
text: motion... and then Bishop RISES from the chair, makes his way
text: to the door.
text: Steve watches Bishop signing, closing the door and moving
text: into his living room where he opens the package, considers
text: the small jump-drive that slides into his hands.
text: ON STEVE. Watching.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S STUDY - MORNING
text: CLOSE on Bishop's weighted RP turntable. The needle coming
text: down... touching spinning vinyl. Stones' "Sympathy for the
text: Devil" croons out.
text: ON BISHOP, tacking up pages, photographs, financials. We
text: don't get a clear look, but some pages are redacted, there's
dialog: government letterhead. Personnel files, budgets,
text: itineraries. Many stamped "CLASSIFIED."
text: Bishop draws lines, connections. Tosses some pages down,
text: pins others higher. Working it. He backs off, stares
dialog: through us.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S HOME - MORNING
text: Steve pushes in, looks around, tracks towards the study.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Hello? Bishop?
text: He enters the study, sees the WALL, the night's work. In the
text: center, a photograph of Dean, Bishop's boss.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (O.S.)
dialog: There you are.
text: Bishop is leaning in from outside. Nods to Steve.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: So who is he?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: ...US Government. NSA. Very well
dialog: protected.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: You should see the other guy.
text: Bishop TOSSES Steve an object, goes back outside. Steve
text: looks at it. A WELDER'S helmet with visor.
scene_heading: EXT. BISHOP'S BACK PATIO - MORNING
text: Steve comes out to find Bishop working intently on a chemical
text: project. He's pouring a black plastic-like substance into a
text: shallow mold creating a Quarter-sized object. EXTREME CARE.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: This... is liquid Semtex with a
text: built in combustible. Very
dialog: volatile. Nice and shiny once it
dialog: dries. But don't... scratch it.
text: Bishop takes a knife, scratches the surface of the coin-sized
text: disc, then backs off, by Steve, back into
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: So that's how we take him out?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: No. That's just to focus the mind.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You makes bombs to focus your mind.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: What do you do?
dialog: (beat, off the Wall)
dialog: This one's different. They want it
dialog: fast, and they don't want it to
dialog: look like an accident. Someone
dialog: wants to send a message.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Like with my father.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Yes. Like that.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Didn't think that was your style.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: First time for everything.
text: Steve looks at Bishop. BOOM! Outside the explosion
text: CONCUSSES against the house. A window CRACKS. Steve
text: crouches, hands covering his head.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Jesus...
text: Bishop puts a hand out.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: There's something I haven't told
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: ...I broke a rule. I brought you
dialog: in without asking. So this hit, is
dialog: a test. Of us, of our arrangement.
dialog: (beat, off Dean's picture)
dialog: If that man is breathing three days
dialog: from now... then they'll need to
dialog: make an example of us. Do you
dialog: understand?
text: Steve ... nods. Takes Bishop's hand who pulls him up.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: So what you're saying is you and I
dialog: are stuck with each other.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: ...For what?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: For getting you into this --
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I knew what I was doing.
text: Bishop considers, nods.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Get packed.
scene_heading: INT. TENEMENT - DAY
text: Steve and Bishop push in, backpacks on. Trash, bad lighting,
text: sad people in dirty hallways. They start up a long flight
dialog: of stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP, TENEMENT - DAY
text: Steve and Bishop push out onto this dilapidated rooftop,
text: Washington DC spread out around them. They unpack gear from
text: the backpacks. Tripod, camera and telescope are quickly
dialog: assembled.
text: Bishop steps back, lets Steve take the first look. Bishop
text: takes notes.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: ...I count six... no seven at the
text: main door.
scene_heading: P.O.V. THROUGH THE TELESCOPE: The front entrance of the NSA
text: building. The security check Bishop went through.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus they've got US Marines in
dialog: there. Two at the door, one...
text: maybe another two out of sight.
text: Bishop considers Steve, locked to the telescope, the sharp
text: point of the pen in his hand...
speaker_heading: BISHOP (O.S.)
text: Fifth floor, corner office.
text: P.O.V. THROUGH THE TELESCOPE: Steve finds Dean, at his desk,
text: talking on the phone. Animated.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: ... Alright, got him. He's at his
dialog: desk. We could take the shot right
dialog: from here.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
text: Glass is three inches thick...
text: Steve moves his hand to turn on the laser Bishop used before
dialog: to listen with...
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: And has laser sensors.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 98.
text: Steve laughs, suddenly walks away from the telescope. Bishop
text: goes to it, takes up the watch.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Alright, fine. What are we doing
dialog: here? Who is this guy?
text: P.O.V. THROUGH THE TELESCOPE: Dean shouts into the phone,
text: slams it down. Leaves his office. Bishop pulls away from
text: the telescope, hunkers down to wait.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Starting to get it?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Yeah, I'm getting that this isn't a
dialog: job. It's just a really
dialog: complicated... suicide.
text: Bishop smiles. Steve moves off, restless.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP, TENEMENT - NIGHT
text: Whole day has passed. Bishop hasn't moved, stares across at
text: the NSA building, the corner office. Steve sits nearby.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You know, you can front sonofabitch
dialog: all you want, Bishop. You're
dialog: scared, too. You don't really know
dialog: how we're going to pull it off, do
dialog: you? You ever think there's some
dialog: things that just can't be done?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Everyone has a death --
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Really? Because, this guy? I look
dialog: at this guy, I don't see his death.
dialog: I see my death. And I don't
dialog: particularly like the view.
text: Bishop notes the lights going back on in Dean's office,
text: returns to the telescope and starts jotting notes in a book.
text: P.O.V. THROUGH THE TELESCOPE: Dean back at his desk. He
text: looks exhausted.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: And you know, as much as I like the
dialog: quality time, unless you can read
dialog: lips, I don't exactly see what
dialog: we're doing here...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 99.
text: Steve glances at Bishop's pad where he's transcribing words:
dialog: "No, no, tomorrow. I'm sick of this, this is my life we're
dialog: taking about. You're bringing me in. Give me a time and a
dialog: place..."
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: You read lips.
text: Bishop glances at Steve, puts his eye back to the camera.
scene_heading: P.O.V. THROUGH THE LENS: EXTREME CLOSE on Dean's desk. A
text: piece of paper on the blotter. "Click." "Click."
text: Bishop pulls the memory-card from the camera.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
speaker_heading: (INNOCENTLY)
dialog: You any good with computers?
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S BARN - DAY
text: Bishop is working on his classic Mustang. He's got the
text: steering column apart, working the mechanism. Focused.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, MCKENNA ESTATE - NIGHT
text: Steve is in front of the electronic wall of info on Bishop.
text: His hospital report open. In a separate window, video feed
text: of the real Bishop in his barn working on his car.
text: Steve marks the injury on Bishop, then opens a new window.
text: Multiple images of the scrap of paper on Dean's desk. Steve
text: gets to work enlarging, rotating, skewing the images...
text: Music and LAUGHTER filter in from outside. Steve becomes
text: aware of the noise from outside, frowns.
scene_heading: EXT. MCKENNA ESTATE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Steve emerges onto the high balcony overlooking the never-
text: ending party. He raises a GUN and fires into the air.
text: Faces, startled look up at him.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Everybody out. I'm serious. Get
dialog: the fuck off my property.
text: A moment, then people start to flee. Only Louise, drink in
text: hand, moves towards Steve, confused.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: Steve, baby...?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 100.
text: Steve levels the gun at her.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You, too.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, MCKENNA ESTATE - CONTINUOUS
text: Steve comes back into his office, facing the wall. He tosses
text: the gun on the table, gets back to work. Glances at one of
text: the other open windows that shows Bishop at his fridge,
dialog: pouring himself filtered water.
text: Steve's hands fly. The images are pieced together, enlarged,
text: skewed until nonsensical markings resolve into an address.
text: Steve punches it into a search window, waits a beat, then
text: eyes scan over the list of returns, lock onto something.
text: He picks up the phone, punches a number. Watches as Bishop's
text: phone rings, watches Bishop answer it.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (O.S.)
dialog: Did you get it?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: It's the US Attorney's office in
text: New York. He's running. He's
text: trying to get out.
text: Steve, trying to read Bishop's face, ZOOMING in.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you think we're hitting him
dialog: because of what he's done, or
text: because he's trying to get away
dialog: with what he's done?
speaker_heading: BISHOP (O.S.)
dialog: Does it make a difference?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: ...No, I don't suppose it does.
text: A beat. The two men, far separated.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (O.S.)
dialog: Do the angles. Find us a shot.
scene_heading: EXT. DULLES INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - MORNING
text: Steve and Bishop step out of the airport with bags, hail a
text: taxi and climb in, headed into DC.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: STEVE (V.O.)
dialog: Security's going to have the actual
text: street locked down. But there's a
text: residential street, perpendicular.
scene_heading: EXT. DC STREETS - MORNING
text: Upscale streets lined with brownstone walk-ups. Steve and
text: Bishop walk with roller bags and a shoulder tube past mothers
text: and Nanny's ushering their children to school.
speaker_heading: STEVE (V.O.)
dialog: High-end people. They'll put up
dialog: with a sweep, but they're not going
dialog: to allow an agent to spend the day.
text: They reach an address. Bishop puts on a hat, some
text: sunglasses, slaps a badge onto his jacket that reads "DC
text: Municipal Utilities." He trots up the the half-flight, rings
text: the bell of an elegant brownstone.
scene_heading: INT. DC FLAT - MORNING
text: Nice. Lace curtains. Classic living room. Magazine racks,
text: grand piano, original art.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Besides, the angle isn't right, too
dialog: flat. Except when they hit the
dialog: stairs. It'll spread the group
text: vertically. It's... the shot.
text: Steve and Bishop work in quiet efficient silence. Each opens
text: their bag, removes a series of innocuous objects, begins to
text: dismantle them for the more important parts they conceal.
text: From a clock, a firing mechanism. From the tube, an aluminum
text: barrel holds a fishing rod. The rod is discarded, the barrel
text: is attached to a hard plastic stock. AA Batteries are opened
text: and slender shells are removed from each.
text: As this strange choreography continues in silence, we PAN
text: ACROSS to the dining room where a WOMAN and a MAN are bound
text: and tied, pillowcases cinched over their heads. Their
text: bindings allow them to hold each other's hands which they
text: do, tight. They're terrified, but okay.
text: Back in the living room, Bishop adds the last piece to the
text: home-made rifle, a telescope, lifted from a child's gift box,
text: snaps it on top of the rifle.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNMENT LIMO - DAY
text: Dean squints in the back of his limo as it pulls into
text: daylight. He's on the phone, eyes darting, nervous.
speaker_heading: DEAN (O.S.)
dialog: Look, I don't care. Find her, I
dialog: need to talk to her right now...
scene_heading: INT. DC FLAT - DAY
text: Bishop puts the rifle to his shoulder, sights. Behind him,
text: Steve slips a blade from the crease of his suitcase,
text: considers it, looks back to Bishop.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You ever worry about the right and
dialog: wrong of it all? I'm not talking
dialog: about God, just...
dialog: (tapping his chest)
dialog: Whatever you feel here.
scene_heading: BISHOP'S P.O.V. THROUGH THE SCOPE: The US Attorney building.
text: The security detail. The steps leading to the street.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: It's a little late for --
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Come on. You're telling me you've
dialog: never done anything just because it
dialog: was the right thing to do, even if
dialog: it didn't make any sense? You
dialog: never took a chance like that?
text: Bishop pulls his eye away from the scope a touch.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Once I did...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: How'd that work out for you?
text: Beat. Then suddenly Bishop's view is obscured by a large
text: truck, which has stopped trying to make the turn.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: We have a problem...
text: Bishop moves the scope, precisely looking for alternatives.
text: Nothing. He sets the rifle down, thinking as Steve takes in
dialog: the new situation.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: There's no shot. What do we do?
text: There's no shot.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 103.
text: A moment more, and then Bishop MOVES. We travel with him, to
text: the entryway. Keys, hats, jackets, sunglasses. Bishop grabs
text: a hat, tosses one to Steve.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Bishop...?
dialog: And Bishop's out.
scene_heading: EXT. US ATTORNEY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The TRUCK, wedged in. The security detail, suspicious of the
text: truck. COPS get involved. Men speak into radios.
scene_heading: EXT. DC BROWNSTONE - AFTERNOON
text: MOVING with Bishop, Steve following. Hats and sunglasses.
text: They descend the steps onto the sidewalk, closing on the US
text: Attorney building ahead. Steve comes abreast of him as they
text: move down the street.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: On your four. You see him?
text: Coming up, a MAN in a jogging suit stretches, touches his ear
dialog: where's he's wired.
text: Steve and Bishop come abreast of him. WHAM! Steve pushes
text: him down into the garbage alley between two homes. WHAM!
text: WHAM! The man drops. Steve comes back, the man's gun
text: palmed. Offers it to Bishop.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (CONT'D)
dialog: No. You're the shooter.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: You'll know when.
text: WITH THEM, MOVING, taking the corner onto the main street in
text: front of the large building.
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNMENT LIMO - CONTINUOUS
text: Dean's eyes track the outside, the limo making the final turn
text: onto the street. Security visible ahead.
speaker_heading: DEAN
speaker_heading: (ON PHONE)
dialog: Hey... Listen, I need you to go out
dialog: of town for a few days. No, I
dialog: know, but you have to trust me.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: DEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Just go -- no, don't tell me where.
dialog: Just go, okay. Okay? Yes, I'll
dialog: call you soon, I gotta go...
scene_heading: EXT. DC STREETS - CONTINUOUS
text: Steve and Bishop, MOVING. They pass directly behind a
text: COMMAND VEHICLE. Security on headsets, watching monitors.
text: LOCAL POLICE are also working, one COP in particular guarding
text: the corner of the perimeter.
text: Bishop nods to Steve who heads up the stairs towards the
text: building. Bishop checks his watch, looks down the street
text: where DEAN'S LIMO and escort have turned the corner.
text: Bishop moves to the cop, stands in front of him. The guy
text: patiently puts a hand on him, moving him on.
text: Bishop doesn't move. The cop FROWNS.
text: A needle hits a record's surface. "Pleased to meet you, hope
dialog: you guess my name..."
scene_heading: I/E. GOVERNMENT LIMO - CONTINUOUS
text: Suddenly dropping into Dean's POV as his limo pulls up to the
text: steps. Chaotic motion, LIGHT STREAMING IN as the car door
text: opens, security handlers reach in. We MOVE, fast up steps
text: lined by City POLICE. One of the police turning his head,
text: staring at Dean. Bishop.
text: ON DEAN. Suddenly frozen. His handlers unsure what's going
dialog: on, alert that something's not right.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: ...Bishop?
text: Bishop does NOTHING. Security reads Dean's fear, closes on
text: Bishop even as Dean himself starts to BACK AWAY, separating
text: himself from his own security, now turning to RUN...
text: ... Straight into Steve, gun raised. A small moment frozen
text: in time as Dean understands his end...
text: BANG BANG! - BANG! Steve double-taps Dean in the chest, then
text: one to head. And CHAOS begins its rule.
text: Security which were closing on Bishop now REVERSE, draw
text: weapons and FIRE at Steve who drops down in the small cement
text: crease between stairs and statues.
text: ON STEVE. Ducked low, bullet shattering granite and marble
text: around him, LAUGHING. The first glimpse of something WRONG
dialog: inside this young man.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE STEPS
text: Bishop, for the moment forgotten by the security who have
text: reversed to deal with Steve, suddenly ANIMATES.
text: Perfect timing, the security REVERSING again as Bishop draws
text: his gun and FIRES, over and over, clipping officers and
text: security in the legs as he SPRINTS down the steps towards...
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNMENT LIMO - CONTINUOUS
text: Bishop lands inside the limo, pulls the door shut as bullets
text: "thunk" into armored sides and spider bullet-proof glass.
text: The DRIVER looks back through the opening, surprised, just in
text: time for Bishop to grab him by the collar and HAUL him into
text: the back at the same time slipping through the opening and
text: sliding into the driver's position.
text: As he slams the shifter into REVERSE men line up in front,
text: OPEN UP with weapons.
scene_heading: EXT. DC STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: WHEELS SMOKE, Limo ACCELERATES backwards, angling UP THE
text: STEPS. Security DIVE ASIDE as the Limo clears the rail,
text: comes down HARD just across from the small alcove Steve's
text: pressed into. The passenger door opens.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Get in.
text: Security are standing up, opening up, as Steve DIVES forward.
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNMENT LIMO - CONTINUOUS
text: Steve lands awkward in the front seat as Bishop throws the
text: limo into drive, floors it DOWN the steps of the building,
text: men diving aside, swerving onto the street.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Behind you.
text: Steve has half a second to puzzle this one as the Driver
text: grabs him from behind, HAULS him backwards.
text: Bishop eyes his mirrors, counting the number of vehicles
text: pursuing. Eyes makes calculations, gets distracted for a
text: moment from the RAGING FISTFIGHT between Steve and the Driver
text: occurring in the rear compartment.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 106.
text: Bishop raises the divider, steps on the gas.
scene_heading: EXT. DC STREETS - CONTINUOUS
text: Engine WHINES, Limo surges forward, pursuit cars dropping
text: off. There are no turns, no spins. This is straight-line
text: acceleration circa FRENCH CONNECTION. Bishop guides the limo
text: faster and faster, blasting across intersections, timing his
dialog: spacing to inches, no margin for error.
text: Around him, pursuit cars aren't as good, they VEER off into
text: crashes, clip traffic, SPIN out of control.
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNMENT LIMO - CONTINUOUS
text: In front of Bishop, intersection after intersection of cross-
text: cutting traffic. Bishop speeds up or slows just a fraction,
text: making space for the limo, BARELY.
text: He notices a hand-held automatic weapon secured to the dash,
text: grabs it, checks his mirrors.
text: IN THE REARVIEW: Bishop watches a pursuit car T-BONED by a
text: truck, then his view is blocked by STEVE and the DRIVER as
text: they wrestle and fight.
text: Over his initial surprise, the Driver's trained, and good.
text: He locks Steve up, SLAMS him against the window, choking him.
text: UP AHEAD. Bishop sees a traffic jam LOOMING ahead, the limo
text: closing at 100 mph, no alternatives. He lowers the divider.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Get in front.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Working on that...
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Now!
text: Bishop HAULS UP the E-Brake, putting the Limo into a SPIN.
text: The shift in force tosses Steve and Guard across the rear
text: space. Steve dives forward towards the front as...
scene_heading: EXT. DC STREETS - CONTINUOUS
text: The Limo goes into a 4-wheel ROTATION, angling towards the
text: hard corner of a building and WHAM! Limo clips the building
text: halfway, SHEERS the limo in half. The rear section crumples
text: against the building as the front section SKIDS down the
text: building face, comes to rest against a GROCERY.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 107.
text: Bishop and Steve recover, roll out of the now exposed rear of
text: the driver's compartment and into
scene_heading: INT. GROCERY - CONTINUOUS
text: Bishop and Steve slide in as POLICE CARS slide to a stop
text: outside. Small glimpses of COPS and SWAT taking positions.
text: Steve peeks over a counter. A few cops fire. A glass window
text: SHEERS, fruit catches rounds.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: We have got to go!
text: Steve's pointing at the rear exit. It looks far away.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: You go for it, I'll cover you.
text: Bishop takes in the exit, the gun in Steve's hand...
scene_heading: EXT. GROCERY - CONTINUOUS
text: More COPS arrive, take positions. There must be thirty guns
text: pointed in their direction.
scene_heading: INT. GROCERY - CONTINUOUS
text: Bishop cranes around, tracks cop and SWAT...
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: I'm sorry I brought you into this.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Not now, Bishop, we have to --
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: It was... It was the only thing I
dialog: knew how to teach you.
text: Steve looks at him oddly, moved. Then...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Don't worry about it, Bishop. I
dialog: brought myself into this.
text: Bishop considers this, nods. And he's UP AND FIRING towards
text: the SWAT.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Go!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 108.
text: ON STEVE. Clear shot at Bishop. A micro-second hesitation,
text: and then he's RUNNING for the rear exit.
scene_heading: EXT. GROCERY - CONTINUOUS
text: Cops and FBI REACT to the shots, ALL open up.
scene_heading: INT. GROCERY - CONTINUOUS
text: The WINDOW'S ERUPT in a hail of gunfire from the outside.
text: Bishop hits the ground, rolls towards the rear exit. Bottles
text: and produce EXPLODING under the assault. Steve reaches the
text: exit, glances back to see Bishop on his tail, room being
text: chewed-up behind him.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Steve BLOWS down a corridor. A SWAT member suddenly comes
text: out of as side-door, raising his weapon...
text: Steve FLATTENS him, comes up with the man's weapon, reverses,
text: lining it straight at Bishop... who hits the ground, as Steve
text: FIRES rounds pushing back pursuing SWAT behind Bishop.
text: More SWAT push in, shields raised, guns lined. Bishop SLAMS
text: into them from the side. Pushes one through a door, breaks
text: anothers knee as he disarms him, moves after Steve.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY ENTRANCE - CONTINUOUS
text: Steve and Bishop emerge almost simultaneously, race up the
text: alley as SWAT emerges behind them, rounds tracing after them.
text: They clear the alley, onto...
scene_heading: EXT. DC STREETS - CONTINUOUS
text: Pedestrians and shoppers crowd the small streets. Bishop and
text: Steve tear through people on opposite sides of the street as
text: overhead a helicopter clatters.
text: Behind them, SWAT and COPS give chase.
text: UP AHEAD, a van skids to a halt, SWAT pouring out. Bishop
text: and Steve duck into...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: INT. RETAIL BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: Travel agency. Displays fly as they muscle through to the
text: back, then through service corridors, back into a RESTAURANT,
text: headed for the front door...
text: TWO COP cars close from outside. Bishop raises his weapon,
text: OPENS UP into the metal of the cars. The COPS panic,
text: REVERSE, SLAMMING into parked cars. The cops piling out and
text: taking position as RESTAURANT PATRONS scream and flee.
text: Bishops checks his fire. PURE INSTINCT, swings his weapon to
text: lock onto Steve who's also raised his weapon at Bishop. The
text: two of them, suddenly lining weapons into each other's faces.
text: Breathing had... eyes locked as beyond them another police
text: reinforcement arrive, takes position...
text: The SOUND of a cop, distant outside, CHAMBERING a round into
dialog: a shotgun...
text: Both men DIVE to the ground, roll even as they switch to
text: single-shot mode to preserve ammo. BANG BANG BANG, they fire
text: back at their attackers, precise, as the cops open up.
speaker_heading: WITH THE COPS
text: Firing. Bullets find exposed legs and arms, men stumble back
text: or fall to the ground, screaming.
scene_heading: STEVE AND BISHOP
text: Almost at the same exact moment, the men switch their aim
text: back to each other. Both men, controlling emotion and body.
text: Gasping for breath, bleeding.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: ...Why?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You don't know?
text: Tense beat. Glimpsed through shattered windows, SWAT
text: arrives, takes the perimeter. They're being surrounded.
text: Suddenly an SUV pulls into view between the restaurant and
text: the SWAT and Police position, a confused and frightened WOMAN
text: at the wheel. Police SHOUT at her, confusing her more.
text: Steve makes a decision. Lowers his weapon, grabs a napkin,
text: ties it to hide his features.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Cover me.
text: And with that Steve is RUNNING towards the outside...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 110.
text: ... BEHIND STEVE, Bishop steps out, gun in each hand. Clean
text: shot of Steve's back. He opens up. Bullets tracing around
text: Steve, pushing the men back just long enough for Steve to
text: reach the SUV, haul open the door.
scene_heading: INT. SUV - CONTINUOUS
text: The WOMAN screams as Steve pushes her aside, takes the wheel.
text: She scratches back, one hand ripping the bandana away from
text: Steve's face. He STARES at her for one deadly second.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - CONTINUOUS
text: Bishop FLINCHES as the sound of the SHOT come from the SUV.
text: The passenger door opens and the woman climbs out as the SUV
text: ACCELERATES away, cops and SWAT firing after it.
text: BISHOP'S P.O.V.: The woman watches her car go, then turns
text: and sits on the pavement. Her hand moves to her chest, comes
text: away bloody.
text: ON BISHOP. Angry like we've never seen him. Cold. Furious.
text: The stupid waste of it all. He meets the woman's gaze. She
text: dies looking at him.
text: Helicopters clatter above, bullets plink into dishware and
text: hardwood. Bishop just stares at the woman for a long beat,
text: then he turns away, back into the building.
dialog: It is... over.
scene_heading: EXT. DC STREETS - DAY (LATER)
text: SWAT approaches the SUV, slammed against another car.
text: Shielded men throw the door open. It's empty.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - DAY (LATER)
text: SWAT move into the restaurant Bishop was last seen in. Guns
text: lined, checking corners. But there's no sign of Bishop.
scene_heading: INT. DC FLAT - AFTERNOON
text: Bishop enters the flat. Cool afternoon breeze blows through
text: curtains. He stops, stares at the couple who owned the flat
text: who now lie motionless. Small holes in the red-stained
text: pillowcases over their heads. Steve has been here.
text: Bishop swallows, angry. He forces himself back to the task
text: at hand. Breaking down the never-fired weapon. He works
text: efficiently, silently.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT - EVENING
text: Bishop sits at the gate, waiting to board his plane. He
text: watches families get ready, college kids laughing.
text: On the silent TVs, CNN shows footage of the aftermath of the
text: gunfight in the street. "Eight dead." A US Attorney
text: speaking at a press conference.
speaker_heading: US ATTORNEY
dialog: ...Something is wrong in this
dialog: country. But today because of the
dialog: actions of a few cowardly men, we
dialog: may never know the true face of --
text: A voice announces boarding, drowning out the TV. Bishop
dialog: collects his things.
scene_heading: INT. LOCAL GROCERY - NIGHT
text: Grocer glances at Bishop's two grocery bags, then to the
text: clock: 7:10. Sophie reads her book with her doll. A CAR
text: speeds by outside. Sophie tracks it, looks at her father.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Key in the lock, Bishop enters, stands in his living room.
text: TENSE. WAITING. Nothing.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S GYM - NIGHT
text: Bishop stands in front of his machines, still. Reaches out,
text: touches one. Waiting.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S HOME- NIGHT
text: Bishop sits across from the portrait of himself, finishes the
text: last bite of his dinner. He takes the plate, walks into the
text: kitchen and to the sink, washes the plate...
text: His cat curls around his legs, purrs. Bishop takes a scrap
text: off the plate, bends down and feeds it to her.
text: She starts to eat, then her EYES NARROW... WHAM! Steve hits
text: him from out of nowhere. Bishop sprawls as Steve LOOMS, gun
dialog: lined!
text: WHAM! Bishop hits Steve with the fridge door, knocks the gun
text: out of his hands, it skitters along the floor. Bishop moves
text: towards it, Steve swings a knife. Bishop catches the blow,
text: but Steve HAULS down on the bad shoulder. Bishop SCREAMS as
text: something gives, stumbles back as Steve swings again, Bishop
text: turning, catching the blade in his shoulder.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 112.
text: Bishop reels back against the wall as Steve picks up the gun
text: and BANG! BANG! BANG! Fires as Bishop flees the room.
text: Steve follows, keeping his shots controlled. Slugs chew into
text: walls, furniture as Bishop dives out the front door.
text: Steve advances, re-loading.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You know, when they came to me... I
dialog: said "Are you sure?" Bishop?" But
dialog: They're right, aren't they?
scene_heading: EXT. BISHOP'S HOME - CONTINUOUS
text: Steve steps out onto the porch.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: ...You don't really like the work
dialog: anymore.
text: Bishop's voice comes from the darkness near the barn.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Maybe not.
text: BLAM! BLAM! Steve SHOOTS as Bishop MOVES, finds cover.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Yeah. That's... what did you call
dialog: it? That's a prerequisite.
speaker_heading: (BEAT)
dialog: Besides, I guess I had other
dialog: reasons.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: If it matters, today we killed the
dialog: man who ordered the hit on your
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Yeah, but not the man who actually
dialog: killed him.
text: Steve advances, clearing the side of the barn, LINES his
text: weapon on Bishop, who's standing next to the barn.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Why'd you kill those other people?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: You really going moral high ground
dialog: on me? Seriously? You might want
dialog: to check your soapbox there,
dialog: partner.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 113.
text: BLAM! Steve fires just as Bishop SLIDES back, into the barn
text: through a side door. Steve LAUGHS, slides towards the front.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: (CALLING OUT)
dialog: But that's the difference between
dialog: us, isn't it? You're all alone,
dialog: but you still... like people. You
dialog: wish they liked you. Whereas I
dialog: have people everywhere... and all I
dialog: ever want, is to be alone.
text: Steve hears BANGING coming from the barn.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: There's no weapons in there,
dialog: Bishop! I've... what did you teach
dialog: me? I've controlled the situation.
dialog: One hundred percent.
text: BOOM! The barn door blast outwards as Bishop's vintage
text: Mustang come careening out of the barn at Steve...
text: Who STANDS HIS GROUND. He aims, fires five times through the
text: windscreen. The rounds IMPACTING Bishop as the car LOOMS at
text: Steve who steps aside at the last moment, the car barely
text: missing him, continuing on and IMPACTING against the side of
dialog: the house... the propane tank.
text: Steve squints and BOOOOOM! The propane tank ERUPTS in flame.
text: Steve is knocked back.
text: When he rises, the interior of the car is an inferno. The
text: body is slumped against the wheel, the fire consuming him,
text: cleansing him.
text: Steve. Bleeding, bruised, victorious.
scene_heading: INT. BISHOP'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Steve enters the study, looking down at Bishop's record
text: player, looks back at the wall of work on Dean. Smoke seeps
text: through the walls, pushes through cracks in sills.
text: Steve opens Bishop's record collection, takes the pristine
dialog: collector's Hendrix. The one never played.
text: He moves into the living room. FLAMES lick across the walls.
text: Through the smoke, he sees the portrait of Bishop staring
text: back at him. He raises the album in thanks.
scene_heading: EXT. BISHOP'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Steve now stands outside Bishop's home, watching. The whole
text: place is an inferno.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 114.
text: INSIDE. Pictures bubble and peel before turning black in the
text: heat. The stack of DVDs melts, dripping down...
text: IN THE BARN. Flaming beams crash down, crumple classic cars.
text: Steve watches it all. The fire reflected in his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. MCKENNA ESTATE - DAY
text: A hot gorgeous day. Slight breeze blows through trees,
text: ripples the water on the pool which is suddenly CUT THROUGH
text: by the figure of Steve, swimming laps, hard.
text: He gets out at the far end, looks over his grounds. There's
text: no one here anymore. The place is deserted except for ear-
text: wired SECURITY who patrol the grounds.
scene_heading: EXT. BISHOP'S HOME - DAY
text: POLICE and FIRE pick through the smouldering rubble. A
text: DETECTIVE watches as the door to Bishop's fire-ravaged car is
text: pried off.
scene_heading: INT. MCKENNA ESTATE - DAY
text: Steve trots in from outside, pulling on a loose shirt. The
text: house is spotless, transformed. No sign of a frivolous young
dialog: man's pursuits. Art and culture and wealth.
scene_heading: EXT. BISHOP'S HOME - DAY
text: The door to the car gives suddenly, falls to the ground. The
text: Detective pulls a handkerchief, puts it over his nose and
text: mouth as he peers in at the body...
scene_heading: INT. MCKENNA'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Steve busts in, dragging his father's 80's turntable with
text: him. The portrait of Bishop has been hung here in his
text: office. He glances at it, then breaks the seal on the
text: Hendrix album, stares at the grooves before seating it on the
text: turntable and hitting a switch. Player starts up, needle
text: swings over...
text: Steve moves to his computer and punches in the password.
text: On the wall-sized screen, the Bishop research glows to life.
dialog: All the connections, people, history that made Bishop.
text: Bishop's cat jumps into his lap, purring, and Steve strokes
text: her. Finally, a decision. He hits a button and the prompt
text: "DELETE FILE?" Appears on the screen.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 115.
text: Needle comes down, touches the record, the sweet sound of
text: Hendrix's "Little Wing" fill the world.
text: Steve's finger still hovers over "ENTER." Bishop's cat jumps
text: down, trots away. He watches the cat go, hits the button.
text: The wall-sized screen goes blank. Just a cool white nothing.
text: Steve SMILES, nods, leaning back... when a voice comes from
text: the record player, overlayed above the song.
speaker_heading: BISHOP'S VOICE
dialog: ...Steve, if you hear this, then it
dialog: means you found the right moment to
dialog: play the record. Good for you. It
dialog: also means you had to scratch the
text: needle across the surface of the
dialog: record.
text: Steve's eyes LOCK on the record player, the needle scratching
text: across its surface, from the surface of the record, the
dialog: smallest trace of smoke...
speaker_heading: BISHOP'S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry it has to end this way.
text: Steve's eyes dart to the portrait of Bishop. Its cold eyes
dialog: stare back.
scene_heading: EXT. MCKENNA ESTATE - CONTINUOUS
text: KABOOOM! The windows of Steve's office blow out of the
dialog: estate's 2nd story.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BISHOP'S HOME - DAY
text: The Detective, handkerchief over his face, leans over the
text: body. Burnt beyond recognition. CAMERA moves away, down to
text: the body's shoulder...
speaker_heading: BISHOP (V.O.)
dialog: Every man has a death that's right
dialog: for them. Every one.
text: ... where a form, a heat shadow, has burnt into the charred
text: remains of a shirt. A fist, middle-finger raised. We know
text: this tattoo. It was on the ex-con who tried to mug Bishop
text: outside the bar. This is not Bishop.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: A death so right that when it
dialog: arrives, those who knew him will
dialog: say "Yes, this is right..."
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 116.
text: The detective leans the body forward, and the shadow
text: disintegrates into ash.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD - DAY
text: A brand new Maserati crests the hill, moving FAST. Brakes
text: lock up, it slides to a stop in a patch of dirt.
speaker_heading: BISHOP (V.O.)
dialog: "...This was always going to happen
dialog: this way."
text: Bishop gets out. Shaved, healthy, clean. He climbs onto the
text: roof of the car, stares at the highway which winds away into
dialog: the distance.
text: Freedom, laid out before him. He stares at it, wanting,
text: needing. He blinks.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
