speaker_heading: THE HITCHER
dialog: A Screenplay by
dialog: Eric Red
dialog: 
dialog: "Living on the road, my friend
dialog: was gonna keep you free and clean
dialog: Now you wear your skin like iron
dialog: Your breath's as hard as kerosene..."
dialog: Townes Van Zandt,
dialog: "Pancho & Lefty"
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN: ’
scene_heading: INT. '79 CAMARO - INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 10 WEST NEAR THE 1
scene_heading: TEXAS BORDERLINE ~ NIGHT .
text: JIM HALSEY is asleep at the wheel.
text: Lit up by a splash of headlights flooding the front
text: seat. Windshield awash with the twin headlamps of an
text: eighteen-wheeler rig bearing down on him. He has
text: drifted onto the oncoming lanes. EAR-SPLITTING TOOTS
text: of the truck's HORN shock him awake. Shouting, he
text: spins the steering wheel hand over hand, swerving wild-
text: ly onto the right side of the road. Head-on collision
text: missed by inches. The titanic tractor trailer THUNDERS
text: past, shuddering the car's suspension in its afterblow.
text: Then it is gone.
text: Soothing country dark thick and tangible as oil flows
text: into the car again. The world outside the windows is
text: black and empty save for a distant pinpoint of head-
text: lights ahead and the red and amber warning lights of
text: the truck receding in the rearview mirror. Broken
text: white lines and blacktop roll out of the darkness in
text: the Camaro's high~beams.
text: Halsey gasps for breath, long drags of air to calm
text: himself down. In the white glow of the dashboard
text: lights, Jim is seen to be a 20-year-old young man with
text: long, dirty blond hair and rugged good looks. He is
text: clad in a black leather jacket and a white tee-shirt.
text: He has on blue jeans and Etonic running shoes. Halsey
text: starts to nod off again. He blinks and slaps himself
dialog: to stay awake.
text: A signpost comets out of the void. "Welcome to Texas."
text: The kid cheers, punching the horn and pounding on the
text: roof above his head. Made it.
text: Droplets begin to fleck the windshield. The drizzle
text: becomes a rainstorm. He switches on the windshield
text: WIPERS and they SLAP away the splashing water. THUNDER
text: CRACKBOOMS. A slag of lightning jags across the gloomy
dialog: sky.
text: The speedometer needle hovers at 45: mph. Jim CLICKS
text: down his signal stick. He checks his blind spot to see
text: if it's safe to change lanes. The Interstate is inky
text: pitch fore and aft. Halsey steers his car sideways.
text: HORN BLARE. SOUND OF SHEARING METAL. Something
text: rockets past on his left side, scraping his door,
text: showering sparks. The kid yells out, steering, veering
text: his Camaro into the right lane again. In his head-
text: lights, the ghostly form of a white Volkswagen bug
text: hurtles on ahead.
dialog: 
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 1
text: It has all its lights ominously off and it is swallowed
text: up in the dark like an egg in ink.
text: His nerves shot, he travels on. The horizon ahead is
text: turning a shade of deep blue. Dawn imminent.
text: A second shard of lightning silhouettes a HITCHHIKER on
text: the highwayside in the strobing electrical flash. He
text: resembles a drenched scarecrow. Arm out, thumb ex-
dialog: tended.
text: The kid signals right. He glides the Camaro over to
text: the shoulder of the road and sits waiting. RAIN
scene_heading: SPLASHING, WIPERS WHAPPING, SIGNAL CLICKING, ENGINE
text: HUMMING. A TAP on the window of the passenger door.
text: Halsey reaches his hand out to unlock the door. It
text: hovers momentarily, hesitant, wary. He shrugs and
text: opens the latch.
text: The door swings open and the ROARING DIN OF THE STORM
text: shatters the silence. The Hitcher hustles into the
text: seat. There is only a brief glimpse of him before he
text: shuts the door and the inside light goes off. He is a
text: grimly gaunt man in his mid-thirties. His bony, skele-
text: tal physique is wrapped in a black rubber raincoat like
text: a cape. He has a coyote face, hair close-cropped to
text: his skull in convict fashion. His skin is pallid and
text: bad. A plastic tube is inserted in his neck at the
text: larynx. His vocal cords have been removed and he has
text: an artificial voice box. His eyes are his most
text: striking feature. Pure black and bullet hard, brute
text: force in them. He settles in his seat, fixing his
text: eyeballs on Halsey.
text: Jim shifts into gear and drives back onto the road.
text: The stranger sits silent and still, staring.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: My mother told me never to do this.
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: The name's Jim Halsey, man.
text: He extends his hand. The Hitcher shakes it. He SPEAKS
text: with a VOICE like a TRANSISTOR RADIO.
speaker_heading: HITCHER
dialog: John Ryder.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: So where do you want me to drop you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 1
dialog: No answer. “
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You gonna tell me where you're
dialog: goin’. or what?
text: No answer. Eyeballs glinting in the dark, reptilian,
dialog: alien.
speaker_heading: BALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What are you looking at me that
dialog: way for? I said, what are you
dialog: looking at?
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Scare ya?
text: His bullet eyes are riveted on Jim but Jim's attention
text: has been diverted. A white spectre in the watery wind-
text: shield, the Volkswagen bug is parked off to the side of
text: the road, all its lights off.
text: The kid takes his foot off the gas pedal, slowing down
text: alongside the car.
text: Abruptly, Ryder places his hand on the kid's knee,
text: pressing down firmly, forcing the accelerator to the
text: floor. The Camaro lunges on past the other car.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Are you stoned or stupid?
text: Ryder just sits and stares at him. Jim glances into
text: the rearview mirror.
text: Out of the backshield, the ghostly automotive appari-
text: tion recedes in the red taillight. A popping strobe of
text: lightning emblazons its windows translucent. A swash
text: of dark liquid drips down the windshield. The car
text: vanishes behind sheets of rain.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Why did you stop me from stopping
dialog: by that car?
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I asked you a question, man. I
dialog: said I asked you a question.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 1
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Scare ya?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Gimme a break.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Scare ya?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
text: The ride's over.
text: He steers the car over to the embankment and shifts
text: angrily to "park." Halsey looks Ryder in the eye.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Goodbye.
text: The Hitcher doesn't move a muscle. Something about him
dialog: is very powerful.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Get out.
text: Ryder's gaze is very, very dangerous. The kid holds it
text: but sweaty fear is setting in. Condensation fogs up
text: the windows. The sounds of breathing and heartbeats.
text: Jim drops his eyes. Ryder is not going to move and
text: Halsey knows he can't make him.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: What you're going to do is drive.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Oh boy.
text: The kid reluctantly does what he is told. The Camaro
text: glides back onto the Interstate. The sky is now blue
text: and faint dawn light falls on the two men. There are
text: no other cars in sight.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What was wrong with that car back
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Thought I saw something is all.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 1
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: (4)
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Like?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Nothin’.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Like?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: It wasn't anything.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Like?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Trick of the light.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: I'm warnin' you.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Well, blood.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Blood?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Blood.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: You did.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Wonderful.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Do ya know why there
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Dunno.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Guess.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Got me.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Guess.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Don't want to.
dialog: 
dialog: was blood?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: (5) 1
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Ask.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: So where did you want me to drop
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Ask. Say, "John, why was there
dialog: blood?"
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Drop it.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: I'm warning you.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: John, why was there blood?
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Because I'm Dracula. I always
dialog: keep a warm, wet supply on hand
dialog: when I drive.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: You're playing with my head,
dialog: aren't you?
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: You're such an asshole you'll
dialog: believe any dumb shit.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: So what's the real story with that
dialog: car back there?
speaker_heading: RYDER
text: Ran out of gas.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: So you want to find a gas station?
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: It would help.
text: The kid breathes a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Gas stations have cigarettes and I
dialog: need some smokes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: (6) 1
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: What about gas?
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: I don't need no gas.
text: The kid's spirits sink.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: How are you gonna drive without
dialog: gas?
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: I don't drive.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: What do you want?
text: The Hitcher chuckles.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What's so funny?
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: That's what she said.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Who is she?
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: "She" is the girl that was driving
dialog: that car back there. She's the
dialog: one who picked me up before you
dialog: did.
text: The kid is quivering with fright. Squinting through
text: the windshield, he sees a sign whiz by. "Pay Toll.
text: Ryder has his eyes set on Halsey and
text: doesn't spot it. The kid accelerates.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: I'm sure she's still back there.
dialog: She couldn't have walked very far.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Why's that?
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Because I cut her legs off. And
text: her arms. And her head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (7) 1
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Wow.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: And I'm going to do the same to
dialog: you.
text: Their faces are shined on by the glittering illuminated
text: tollbooth plaza just a few hundred yards away. Four
text: Highway Patrol cars are parked by the side of the
text: structure. Jim steers out of the exact change lane
text: towards one of the manned booths.
text: Jim turns his head to stare square in Ryder's face. He
text: gathers up a mouthful of saliva and spits it at him.
text: Drool dribbles down the Hitcher's cheek. He is un-
text: ruffled as the Camaro eases onto the ramp into the
dialog: terminal.
text: The car nestles in next to the window. Green lights
text: flash red. Guard gatepost winds down.
text: Ryder cups his hand over Halsey's crotch. METALLIC
text: SNAP. A switchblade knife is secreted in the palm.
text: The razor edge is laid against the fly of Jim's pants.
text: The smile runs away from the kid's face.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Don't.
text: The TOLL ATTENDANT is a tobacco-chewing old geezer. He
text: rolls his eyes as he sees the two men in the car, one
text: with his hand on the other's privates. Ryder blows him
text: a smooch. The geezer grimaces in disgust, flicking his
text: fingers impatiently.
scene_heading: TOLL ATTENDANT
dialog: Come on. Let's go, sweethearts.
text: The kid is pouring sweat. Raw desperation. He tries
dialog: to catch the old man's eye. The Toll Attendant won't
text: acknowledge him, aloof.
text: The Hitcher fetches a crumpled greenback from his rain-
text: coat pocket. He squeezes Jim's fingers around it.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Pay the man.
text: Jim starts to offer the bill. He holds his breath as
text: he sees damp splotches of fresh blood smearing the face
dialog: of George Washington. He might have a hope.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (8) 1
text: Just a small one. He holds the bill out his window,
text: gozy side up, for the Attendant to take.
text: The geezer snatches it and plops it into the cash
text: drawer without so much as a second glance. Jim emits 4
text: choked sob, gritting his teeth as Ryder applies a bit
text: of pressure to the knife against his genitals.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Drive.
text: Red lights flash green. Guard gatepost winds up.
text: Halsey clamps his eyes tight shut. He puts his sneaker
text: down on the gas pedal and presses it in, leg shaking.
text: The Camaro VROOMS out of the tollbooth plaza.
text: The two-lane blacktop ahead is deserted of cars as far
text: as the eye can see, utterly desolate and an inconsol-
text: ably bleak place to die.
text: The Hitcher rests the razor blade edge of the shiv on
text: the ridge of Jim's eye socket. He delicately pricks
text: the pinpoint tip on the white of his eyeball. Tears
text: Stream from the ducts. Jim keeps his gaze religiously
text: fixed on the road.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Ya wanna know what happens to an
dialog: eyeball when it gets punctured?
text: It deflates like a balloon and all
text: the goo oozes out.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Great.
text: Ryder scrapes the switchblade in a red scratch line
text: down Halsey's cheek and over the jut of his jawbone.
text: He indents the point on Jim's throbbing jugular vein.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Ya got any idea how much blood
text: jets out of a guy's neck when his
text: throat's been slit? Gallons.
dialog: You'll be up to your ankles in the stuff.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: I want you to stop me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: (9) 1
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: You got the knife. You'd stick me
dialog: with it before I could do anything.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: That's right, I would. I'm going
dialog: to. So what do you got to lose?
dialog: Stop me.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I can't.
text: A. dark, damp stain spreads across the legs of Jim's
text: The Hitcher notices it and goes berserk.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Ya pissed your pants, ya -
dialog: vegetable! Ya think that's gonna
dialog: save your ass! Ya wanna know why
dialog: I'm gonna gut ya like a fish?
dialog: Even the lowest of animals got the
dialog: survival reflex to fight back when
dialog: its life is on the line. If ya
dialog: ain't got that, you're like some
dialog: jelly amoeba with no backbone or
dialog: spine and ya ain't fit to live.
dialog: I'm gonna hack you up, chop you
dialog: apart piece by piece, and I swear
dialog: you're gonna be conscious during
dialog: surgery.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Please, I'll do anything you want,
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Anything?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Anything.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Say four words.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Say, "I want to die.”
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: "I want to die"?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ll.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (10) . 1
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: No, say it.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I dunno if I can say... say that.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Sure ya can. Repeat after me.
dialog: "I..."
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: "I-I..."
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: "Want..."
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: “Want...”
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: "To..."
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: "T-to..."
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: "Die."
text: Halsey stutters. Stammers.
speaker_heading: RYDER (cont'd)
dialog: "Die."
text: Jim's eyes chance on the speedometer gauge. Two illum-
text: inated words in red.
dialog: "Door Ajar."
text: Face bloated, flushed with adrenalin, he sucks in air.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: "I don't want to dielli"
text: The kid ramrods his shoulder into Ryder's torso. The
text: Hitcher is slammed into the passenger door It springs
text: open, jettisoning him out onto --
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 10 - DAY 2
text: Ryder tumbles head over heels into the ripping wind,
text: somersaulting down onto the hard blacktop, rolling
text: loose-limbed over and over and over. Flopping like a
text: limp rag doll onto his belly, he recedes away into a
dialog: black speck in the --
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. '79 CAMARO - DAY 3
text: -- rearview mirror. The dot evaporates FROM VIEW.
text: Halsey is spaced out, jaw drooping, out of it. The
text: road ROARS through the open door. He leans over and
text: yanks it shut. Sits up straight.
text: He pats his forearm, knee and stomach and feels his
text: face to assure himself that they are all intact. An
text: astonished expression hits his face. He laughs and
text: cheers hysterically. He slaps on the dashboard and
text: pounds on the aluminum roof and drums on the steering
text: wheel and punches the horn repeatedly. HONK! HONK!
text: HONK! HONK! HONK!
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 10 - BACK DOWN THE ROAD - DAY 4
text: John Ryder is sprawled and splayed akimbo on the muddy
text: tarmac. Fingers scraped raw.
dialog: Twitch.
text: White eyes pop open in a wild Kabuki mask of a face.
text: War paint streaks cf rainy grime anc gore.
text: His body quivers and contracts in wracking stabs of
text: pain. Shaking, he rises to his hands and knees. A
text: string of pink drool dribbles from the contorted ori-
text: fice of his mouth. Stooped over, he staggers onto his
text: feet and sways, unsure of footing. Bent, he stumbles
text: around the blacktop searching for something. Locating
text: it, he grabs it up off the ground.
text: The switchblade shiv gets clenched so hard in his fist
text: his knuckles go white.
text: The Hitcher stands tall and awful on the empty freeway,
text: staring in the direction the kid has fled.
text: His lips pull back in an ear to ear death's head grin.
scene_heading: INT. '79 CAMARO - DAY 5
text: Jim lays back in his seat, smoking a cigarette, spent
text: and gloriously happy. One hand guides the steering
text: wheel. He wears a beautific expression beholding the
text: badlands spreading out on all sides of him.
text: Droplets of rain are drying on the windshield so he
text: turns off the wipers. The titanic black storm clouds
text: are behind him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 5
text: Ahead, the great ceiling of sky glows with a silver
text: light that makes the desert incandescent. The sun is
text: just about to rise and the world shines with a newness
text: and freshness that suggests someone just took the Saran
dialog: Wrap off it.
text: Jim's face becomes waxy as his adrenalin high wears off
text: and he starts to come down. Looking chalky and sick,
text: he steers his car over to the gravel shoulder and
text: shifts to "park." Urgently, he bolts out of his door
dialog: onto --
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 10 - DAY 6
text: Wretching and heaving, he gets on his knees and chucks
text: his guts onto the tarmac. He catches his breath when
text: his insides are empty and climbs back into the --
scene_heading: INT. '79 CAMARO - DAY 7
text: He turns over the ignition and rolls back onto the
text: road. Accelerating to speed, he shakes his head to
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Welcome to Texas.
text: The SOUND of an ENGINE behind him. The kid consults
text: the rearview mirror.
text: A Ford station wagon swells in the oval glass. It
text: flashes its brights alerting it's going to pass.
text: Jim watches it out his side window as it goes on ahead,
dialog: alongside.
text: A middle-aged mother regards him blankly out the pas-
text: senger window, her hair set in pink curlers.
text: The car advances onwards, and three children come into
text: view. Faces pressed flat against the glass of the rear
text: compartment. They stick out their tonques, shooting at
text: Jim with plastic pistols and rifles.
text: Halsey chuckles and returns his eyes to the road, set-
text: tling back in his seat. The station wagon glides on
text: ahead, sliding over into his lane.
text: The kid jolts bolt upright, stricken speechless.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 7
text: The scalding visage of John Ryder glares at him through
text: the back tailgate window, shrinking away as the car .
text: picks up speed.
text: Jim leaps into action. He flattens the HORN button,
text: BLARING it unremittingly. He hits the hi-beams.
text: Halsey smacks the steering wheel.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: No, you stupid shit!
text: Jim cranes his neck to scout the oncoming lanes. No
text: cars there as far as the eye can see. He wheels the
text: Camaro over the solid yellow lines to the wrong side of
text: the road, stomping on the gas pedal. In seconds he is
text: racing nose to nose with the station wagon.
text: The driver is the father. A stern-faced, crew-cutted
text: man who looks at Jim like he's some kind of nut.
text: The kid leans over to unwind the passenger window. As
text: he does so he inadvertently weaves his car treacher-
text: ously inward. When he sits back up the dad is BEEPING
text: his HORN and angrily shouting in his direction.
text: The kid hollers words of warning at the top of his
text: lungs. His voice is drowned out by the roar of the
text: road. Frustrated, he tries exaggerated physical ges-
text: tures, unaware of how ludicrous they come off.
text: The father responds with a hand signal of his own. A
text: jabbed, upraised middle finger. With that, he gives
text: his car some gas and the station wagon lunges on ahead.
text: Halsey is undaunted. Gritting his teeth, he throws the
text: Camaro into second. The eight-cylinder muscle car
text: easily catches up with the rinky-dink Ford. The kid
text: looks over to see the father miming another hand sig-
text: nal. Forefinger frantically pointing ahead, a
text: frightened look on his face.
text: The BOOMING BLAST of a HORN. Jim's eyes snap front and
text: he screams.
text: A trailways bus is rearing up, bearing down on him.
text: Jim hand-over-hand's the wheel, steering his car in a
text: right angle to the left.
text: The silver cruiser chariots past. Too close.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 7
text: A jarring SOUND of MASHING METAL. The Camaro is struck
text: on the rear bumper and sledgehammered into a 360 degree
text: spin-out. Halsey hangs onto the steering wheel for
text: dear life as the view through the windshield becomes a
text: loonily swirling blur of desert and highway. SQUALL of
text: tortured rubber. When everything settles down, Jim
text: opens his eyes to see his car is sitting in the middle
text: of the Interstate. He is breathing in spurts and
text: Sweating all over. Behind him, the bus has pulled over
text: to the side of the road. Dazed and somewhat incohe-
text: rent, Halsey wipes a trickle of blood away from the
text: corner of his mouth. Shutting his eyes, he tries to
dialog: settle down.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Cool down. Down, boy. Whoa.
dialog: Cool out.
text: The kid turns on the ignition. The Camaro shimmies and
text: Shakes but turns over. He puts down the accelerator.
text: The car rolls out into the westerly lanes. He's in
dialog: business again.
text: Jim squints up the straightaway. Not a trace of the
text: station wagon to be seen.
text: He puts the pedal to the metal and shifts up to second.
text: The sports car thrusts beneath him. He throws the
text: stick into third. The Camaro bucks like a bronco into
text: high gear.
text: The speedometer climbs steadily. 80. 85. 90. 100.
text: 110. 115. 120. 125 MPH.
text: A speck appears up ahead. The speck becomes a dot.
text: The dot rearranges into the now familiar tailgate of
text: the Ford station wagon. The kid shifts down to first
text: and lifts his foot off the gas pedal. Space closes.
text: He squints through the windshield in suspense. The
text: station wagon is sitting at a standstill in the middle
dialog: of the road.
text: Jim slows his speed and steers his car alongside the
text: stopped station wagon. He turns his head to look out
text: his window at it.
text: The windshield is gruesomely smeared with finger paint
text: streaks of bright red blood. Halsey turns a whiter
text: shade of pale. He screams and screams again, until his
text: throat is raw and hoarse and only a rasping comes out.
text: He stamps his foot on the accelerator and doesn't stop.
text: He drives on down the road at full-tilt, forgetting to
text: breathe. He stares straight ahead, not daring to look
dialog: ack.
dialog: 
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: EXT. GHOST GAS DEPOT - INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 10 - DAY 8
text: A derelict, abandoned service and fueling station. The
text: office and garage are bombed out. There is a black -
text: crater in the asphalt where the pumps once stood.
text: The Camaro barrels into the driveway and stops ina
text: skid. Jim leaves the engine running. He shambles out
text: of the car and hurries around the obliterated premises,
dialog: searching.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Telephone...
text: He walks into the cave cavity of the --
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - DAY 9
text: Inside, all is gutted and blackened by fire. A few
text: melted tires are welded together in a morbid,
text: grotesquely suggestive mass in the corner. Dim light
text: digging in the dirty window shows the shape of a pay
text: phone wall unit next to the glass panes.
text: Halsey runs over to it. He picks up the receiver and
text: lets out a sigh of relief when get a DIAL TONE. Fish-
text: ing in his jeans for a dime, he plugs one into the
text: slot, dialing up 911. He waits, tapping his foot.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Hello? Hello, police? You gotta
dialog: listen to me. I'm out here about
text: ten miles past the toll booth on
dialog: the Interstate...
speaker_heading: CRASH!
text: A familiar fist punches through a pane of glass, shat-
text: tering shards. A switchblade stabs for his armpit as
text: Jim wrenches out of the way, hollering. The hand with
text: the shiv entangles itself in the phone cord, neatly
text: snipping it in two. A dead line.
text: The kid shuffles back toward the rear of the garage.
text: His hand is clamped onto the severed receiver as he
text: backs himself into a corner.
text: The opening to the garage is emblazoned by the molten
text: red fireball of the rising sun, erupting over the
text: desert horizon, spewing fiery rivers across the burning
dialog: sky.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 9
text: The silhouette of John Ryder steps into view, framed
text: against the blazing sunrise. As he approaches, the
text: steel blade glimmers in his hand as if it were red hot.
text: Halsey wallops the burned brick masonry with the phone
text: receiver in his fist. He holds it out threateningly.
text: His muscular young form shakes from head to foot.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: C'mon!
text: The Hitcher doesn't say a word. He takes a few more
text: steps and stops where he is standing. Purposefully, he
text: outstretches his arm. There is something in his fist.
text: He revolves his wrist until the palm is downwards. He
text: opens his hand and something metallic and glittery
text: drops onto the ground with a JINGLE. Ryder turns on
text: his heel and walks back from whence he came, disappear-
text: ing from view as he is swallowed up by the flaming sky.
text: Jim watches him go, uncomprehending. Venturing over to
text: the spot on the ground where the object was dropped, he
text: stoops down to retrieve it. Halsey rubs it in his
text: fingers, confused.
text: His ring of car keys.
text: The kid trods over to the gateway and sticks his head
text: out to peer around. A stale, dry breeze is whisking up
text: the dust at his feet. Ill at ease, he steps out onto --
scene_heading: EXT. GHOST GAS DEPOT - DAY 10
text: Outside, the little wind is shaping up into a freak
text: dust storm. Grit and dirt are swept up and swirled
text: into tiny twisters whipping around the lot. Jim has to
text: shield his face with his forearm.
text: Squinting against the blowing scrub, he can see the
text: scarecrow figure of John Ryder standing stone still on
text: the edge of the highway. His black raincoat is flap-
text: ping around his skeletal frame, bony body buffetted by
text: gusts of tumbleweed, sassafras and sand.
text: His hand extends in Jim's direction, fingers beckoning,
dialog: compelling. Come.
text: The Hitcher becomes obscured behind a haze of desert
dialog: debris.
text: Halsey claps his hand over his face and peers through
text: the space between his fingers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 10
text: The clouds of flying matter die down long enough to
text: discern the blurry outline of Ryder. His hand is still
text: held out, but this time it is toward the road. This
text: time his thumb is extended.
text: The dust storm wreathes him in a brownish smoke screen
text: of dirt. Molten red taillights melt through. The
text: shadow shape of a black pickup truck. All at once the
text: ground is upheaved in a HOWLING HURRICANE of sand and
text: scrub. The truck is erased from view.
text: Halsey takes off in a run in that direction. He waves
text: his arms and yells, but his voice is drowned out in the
text: DUST STORM DIN. He gets nowhere fast. His body is
text: pummelled by the blistering winds and debris.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Don't pick that guy up! Don't!
text: As quickly as it rose up, the TUMULT DIES DOWN. The
text: winds sigh into a breeze and whisper away into still-
text: ness and an UNCANNY SILENCE. Straw, dirt, tumbleweed,
text: sand and scrub settle into a fine carpet of dust as
text: visibility returns.
text: The kid wipes off his face with his tee-shirt. Dis-
text: oriented, getting his bearings, he sees he is standing
text: alone on the dirty blacktop of Interstate Highway 10.
text: John Ryder and the black pickup truck are gone.
text: Halsey ponders the key ring in his sweaty palm, then he
text: looks up resolutely into the highway's middle distance,
text: into the vanishing point.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Okay. You got it.
text: He sprints over to the Camaro and hops inside. The
text: MOTOR ROARS on and REVS UP in snorts of exhaust. It
text: tears out of the station and onto the westbound freeway
text: in a SQUEAL of BURNT RUBBER tread marks. As it rockets
text: up the road, it disappears from sight in its smokey
dialog: wake.
text: The chase is on.
scene_heading: INT. '79 CAMARO - DAY 11
text: Halsey's features are tight with concentration and
text: intent as he scouts the onrushing Interstate, eyes
text: scanning left, then right, fingers wrapped firmly
text: around the steering wheel. He twists his wrist to
text: uncover his Timex. 5:35 a.m.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: ll
text: The world is waking up. Morning rush hour traffic
text: parades by in the opposite lanes. A motorcade of
text: tractor-trailer eighteen-wheelers, a yellow school bus,
text: a milk truck, a few commuter economy cars on the way to
text: work somewhere. The routine daybreak traffic proces-
text: sion returns some sense of normalcy and sanity to the
text: highway that was so psychotically surreal only minutes
text: before. The cars are turning their headlights off.
text: Keeping a sharp lookout, Jim uncaps the coffee thermos
text: he has resting on the dashboard, sipping the steaming
dialog: liquid.
text: A Marlboro billboard sails by.
text: He grits his teeth in a caffeine rush satisfaction,
text: screwing the cap back on the hot java. He checks the
text: rearview mirror. The road behind is as empty as the
dialog: one still to come.
text: He lifts the container to place it back on the dash-
dialog: board.
text: CAROOOOOOQOOOMMMMMPH ! | !
text: The Camaro is lambasted from behind. The car is rocked
text: by a shocking seizure that whiplashes Halsey's forehead
text: into the steering wheel with terrific force. The
text: thermos leaps out of his hand and douses his lap with
text: scalding liquid. Jim barks in pain, jumping in his
text: Seat. Recovering his sense quickly enough to regain
text: control of the car, he fires off a glance into the
text: rearview mirror. The back shield is filled with the
text: front end of the black pickup truck. It is suggestive
text: of a skull with its grinning iron grill and darkened
text: headlamp sockets. A bleached cow skull is rigged on
dialog: the hood.
text: Once again it charges into the rear bumper, jackhammer-
text: ing the Camaro. The car is violently jarred, slipslid-
text: ing in and out of its lane before regaining traction.
text: The TRUCK THUNDERS up alongside. Jim is getting des-
text: perate by degrees. He stomps on the accelerator and
text: shifts down to gain power and speed as his vehicle
text: lunges beneath him. The pickup's ENGINE GROWLS and it
text: picks up speed. It easily resumes its side-by-side
dialog: position.
text: Without warning, the truck dives in across the white
text: lines and piledrives itself into the left side of the
dialog: Camaro.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 11
text: The driver's door buckles in and Jim is flung i”
text: helplessly into the next seat, fingers pried free of
text: the wheel. He clambers back into position, but it's
text: too late. The car is bounding off the road and all he
text: can do is step on the brake. The Camaro nosedives into
text: an irrigation ditch, coming to rest half in and half
text: out, lifted at an angle.
text: Halsey grimaces, moaning in pain as he cuts the igni-
text: tion. Looking over at the nearby highway, he sees the
text: pickup's tail end shrink away in the trailing cloud of
text: dirt. Gone.
text: The kid tenderly touches a welling welt on his fore-
text: head. His brow knits in anger. He spits. He switches
text: on the ignition and REVS the eight-cylinder ENGINE
text: until it ROARS and ROARS. Confident his car is intact,
text: he shifts into first. The Camaro jounces as it climbs
text: out of the water channel and back onto the gravel
dialog: shoulder.
text: Halsey peers left and right. Seeing the Interstate is
text: clear, he accelerates back onto it.
text: A blue road sign whizzes by. “GAS. NEXT EXIT. 1/4
dialog: MILE."
text: Jim checks the fuel gauge on the dashboard. The needle
text: pin is into the red shading on the "E" end.
text: Swearing, he taps up the signal stick and slows to
text: enter the exit ramp. Over a small upgrade, at the base
text: of the downgrade by the little intersection, he eases
text: to a halt by the stop sign.
text: A Texaco gas depot is across the way. Towering twin
text: pinions support an illuminated signboard high overhead.
text: A metal drawhorse reading "Closed" rests on the driveway.
text: Jim's eyes stare without blinking, his tongue wetting
text: his lips suddenly gone dry.
text: The black pickup truck is parked at the curb of the lot
text: inside. Very slowly, the kid drives his car across the
text: intersection. Climbing his car up on the curb of the
text: smooth cement paveway of the gas station, he parks at
text: the base of the ramp. Shutting off the Camaro, he
text: pockets the keys. Unhitching the door, he climbs out
dialog: onto --
scene_heading: EXT. TEXACO SERVICE STATION - DAY 12
text: Halsey walks around the rear of his car to the trunk.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 12
text: The back fender is bent and dented in and his tail-
text: lights are smashed. Inserting his key, he lifts open
text: the storage compartment. A Goodyear radial, a lug
text: wrench and a tire iron lie inside. He takes up the
text: crowbar and swings down the trunk door.
text: Jim wields the iron like a crowbar and hikes up the
text: asphalt ramp onto the cement paveway. The black pickup
text: truck is parked across from the gas pumps. It sits
text: sheeny as a big beetle in the hot sun.
text: To the left of it is another lot surrounded by a six-
text: foot-high wood slat fence.
text: The kid takes a few more paces, then stops. He can see
text: from where he's standing that the cab of the truck is
text: empty. He gives the station a once over. Nothing and
text: nobody in plain sight. He makes his way around to the
text: rear of the low white office building.
text: Two doors against the wall. "“Men." "Ladies."
text: The women's restroom door is slightly ajar.
text: Jim brings the tire iron high up over his shoulder and
text: sidles up against the wall. He counts under his breath.
text: He launches off a kick that bursts open the door, bust-
dialog: ing his way into --
scene_heading: INT. LADIES ROOM - TEXACO SERVICE STATION - DAY 13
text: The kid wheels around with the crowbar poised. The
text: lights are out and the room is empty. He nudges the
text: door to the toilet stall open with the toe of his Pro
text: Ked. Also empty.
text: He shrugs and relaxes.
text: He walks out into --
scene_heading: EXT. TEXACO SERVICE STATION - DAY 14
text: Outside, he gets back to business. Clenching the tire
text: iron with one hand, he tries the knob to the door of
text: the men's room with the other. It won't budge. He
text: presses his ear flat against the door, but can detect
text: no sound inside.
text: The kid decides to check around front again.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14
dialog: 
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 14
text: He goes the other direction this time. Turning the
text: corner of the building, he spots the black pickup truck
text: sitting where it was before. About twenty yards from
text: the slat fence.
text: He cautiously goes over to it. Up on his tip toes to
text: peer into the driver's seat. Nobody home. Down on his
text: hands and knees to peek below the chassis. No one
text: hiding beneath. He scratches his head. An idea comes
text: to him. He walks around front and examines the grill
text: and front fenders. Spotless. Not a scratch on it.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: This ain't the same truck.
text: Jim slogs back around the left side. Resting his butt
text: against the rim of the tire, he lights up a cigarette.
text: KAB RRRAAAAAASSSSSSHHHHHH ! ! !
text: A second black pickup truck explodes through the picket
text: fence in an eruption of splintering chunks of wood
text: Planking. It comes charging straight for the kid like
text: a rampaging steer. A ccw skull is rigged on the hood.
text: Halsey comes alive, swan-diving through the air out of
text: the path of the pickup. He lands hard on the cement in
text: a belly roll just as the truck battering-rams its
text: brother. The first pickup is tipped over onto its
dialog: side.
text: With a GRINDING SNARL of SHIFTING GEARS, the black
text: pickup TRUCK SCREECHES into reverse and SQUEALS forward
text: with a SNORT of exhaust.
text: Jim gets to his feet and runs for his life. The pickup
text: rears up behind him like a black bull. Jim fakes the
text: truck out by breaking off to the right and dodging in
text: between the four gas pumps.
text: The pickup speeds past, slamming on its brakes. It
text: does a full turnaround with almost animalistic agility.
text: Spewing out noxious carbon monoxide fumes, it barrels
text: headlong for the pump stalls the kid is climbing
dialog: through.
scene_heading: BBARRRRAAAAANNNNKKKKKKK! ! 1
text: The truck bulldozes into the first row of pumps, crump-
text: ling them into hunks of twisted steel under its tires.
text: Geysering jets of Super Preminium and Regular Unleaded
text: skyrocket into the air from the underground tanks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 14
text: Jim is caught square in the chest by a flying gas hose
text: handle and goes toppling onto his back. Gasoline rains
text: down on him, dousing him in a spreading pool. In
text: seconds he is drenched with the stuff.
text: The kid starts to scramble to his feet. The black
text: pickup TRUCK ROARS straight for him. Jim slips on the
text: viscous petrol and drops again. The truck is on top of
text: him and it stops with its tire treads touching his
text: sneaker soles. Halsey stares in raw animal terror at
text: the skull-faced front end of the vehicle looming over
text: him. It sits there for long, terrible moments.
text: Finger lakes of petrol flow down the lot and ramp,
text: streaming around the Camaro's whitewalls.
text: The driver's window of the black pickup truck rolls
text: down. A familiar blanched, bony hand holds out a stick
text: match between thumb and forefinger. It strikes it up
text: with the thumbnail in a flash of flame. The hand holds
text: the burning match out over the sea of gasoline the kid
text: is taking a bath in. The flickering flame roasts away
text: the wood stick, singeing the flesh of the fingertips.
text: Jim can stand it no longer. He leaps to his feet and
text: bolts in the direction of his parked car, sneakers
text: splashing through streams of Texaco Plus.
text: The match is dropped.
text: WWWHHHHHHHHOOOOOOOSSSSSSSHHHHH! !!
text: A fulgeration of fireclouds. The flames blaze a fiery
text: trail along the oceans of petrol, chasing him and
text: catching up. Halsey scatters as fast as his feet will
text: carry him, but the fiery licks are snapping at his
text: heels. If it touches him he will ignite like a human
dialog: torch.
text: He arrives at the Camaro in the nick of time, diving
text: headfirst through the open door into the front seat as
text: the car is immersed in a swamp of burning gasoline.
scene_heading: INT. '79 CAMARO - DAY 15
text: Dripping with petrol and perspiration from the intense
text: heat, Jim drags the door closed. He jams the keys in
text: the ignition and takes position behind the wheel.
text: The ENGINE TURNS OVER. Throwing the car into gear, he
text: stamps his foot down on the gas pedal.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 15
text: The windshield is awash with red and yellow fire. For
dialog: a second it is unclear whether the car is even ~
text: moving. Suddenly, the windshield flashes a view of the
text: Interstate 10 overpass and the intersection beneath.
text: Out of pure reflex, Halsey manages to swerve the car
text: into the right side of the road and hurtle off down
dialog: it. Home free.
text: He lets out a hysterical howl of glee when he realizes
text: he has once again survived, shifting straight up to
text: third and putting the pedal to the metal. The perspec-
text: tive of the road ahead seems to flatten as he thunder-
text: balls down the two-lane strip. He is trying to cover
text: as much ground as he can before the Texaco gas depot
text: blows sky-high.
text: BBBBAAAAARRRRRROOOOCOOOQOOOCOMMMMM ! I !
text: A blinding flash whites-out the world as far as the eye
text: can see. The Camaro is tremored by an earth-shaking
text: shock wave. The deafening EXPLOSION gives way to a
text: ringing SILENCE.
text: Halsey keeps mumbling words to himself over and over
text: and over as he drives on and on and on.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: It's over, buddy, it's over buddy,
dialog: it's over buddy it's over buddy
dialog: it's over...
text: A signpost wings on past. "“Food/Rest 1/2 mile."
text: A "Longhorn Sirloin Burger" restaurant approaches
text: ahead. Jim can barely drive anymore. He has to keep
text: his hands glued to the steering wheel. He keeps it
dialog: together enough to negotiate the simple turn into the
text: parking lot and puts his car into one of the spaces.
text: Halsey turns off the Camaro. He steps on the emergency
text: brake. Shouldering open the door, he achingly rises
text: out of the car into --
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - LONGHORN SIRLOIN BURGER 16
scene_heading: RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Jim stretches and shakes his head around to clear it,
text: still in a semi-state of shock. He is sopping with
text: gasoline, his soaked clothes dripping a puddle of
text: Regular and Unleaded onto the asphalt. He wrinkles his
text: nose when he gets a whiff of himself.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 16
text: Halsey shoulders the strap of his duffel bag and closes
text: the door of his car. He shuffles up the steps to the
text: restaurant and shambles to the glass doors.
text: A WAITRESS is behind the pane of glass, in the process
text: of unlocking it with a key in her hand. The girl is a
text: pretty, plain young woman of 22 with a simple, rural
text: face and strong, straight-ahead eyes. She is just
text: pushing open the door as she looks up and sees the
text: soiled, strung-out kid. Rolling her eyes, she pulls on
text: the door to shut it. Jim catches the handle and holds
text: it half open as she holds it half closed.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: We ain't open yet.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Do you have a phone? I gotta use
text: a phone.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: I said we're shut.
text: The young man and the young woman are having a tug of
dialog: war with the door.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: You gotta let me use your phone!
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: I'll call the cops!
text: The kid stops pulling against it and pushes in with the
text: Waitress. She stumbles back, out of balance. He
text: slumps through the door into --
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - LONGHORN SIRLOIN BURGER 17
scene_heading: RESTAURANT — DAY
text: Jim is suddenly standing inside the shop. The place is
text: devoid of diners and employees. The two of them are
text: all by themselves. The Waitress finds her footing and
text: grabs a napkin dispenser. She faces him and threatens
dialog: to throw it.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Get out of here or I'll crown you!
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: All I wanna do is use your phone!
dialog: I'll be right out!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 17
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Get your butt out of this
dialog: restaurant this goddamn instant!
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: God, what's it gonna take for
dialog: somebedy to show some compassion?
dialog: Don't you see I been through some
dialog: serious shit here?
text: The kid is close to tears. The Waitress sees the upset
text: on his face and her eyes soften. She shakes her head
text: sympathetically and sets the napkin container on the
dialog: counter.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Look at you. You want to use the
dialog: phone, go right ahead.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Thank you. I really mean it.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Do you want something to eat?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I could use something actually.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Do you have the money to pay for
dialog: it?
text: Jim lightens up and chuckles.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Oh boy, I must look pretty
dialog: disreputable. It's okay. I'm
dialog: cool for cash.
text: Halsey reaches into the open pocket of his leather
text: jacket and draws out his wallet, flipping open the
text: billfold to show her several dollars inside. The
text: Waitress puts her hands on her hips and guffaws. Jim
text: grins boyishly, glad he's found a friend. He holds out
text: his hand.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I'm Jim.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Glad to meet you. I'm Galveston
dialog: and I'm not going to get within a
dialog: mile of you till you scrub off
dialog: that gas.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 17
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Yeah, sure.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: You got some fresh, clean clothes
dialog: in that bag?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: Good. Change into 'em. Go make
dialog: your phone call. I'11 cook you a
dialog: cheeseburger.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Hey.
text: She smiles at him and waves her hand. He grins like an
text: idiot at her cheerful mothering and removes his leather
text: jacket, sliding it over one of the stools at the
text: counter. He puts his wallet in the open pocket and
text: walks around the corner towards the bathroom and the
text: pay phone section. The Waitress goes into the kitchen.
text: The jacket sits slung over the stooi in the deserted
dialog: dining room.
scene_heading: INT. PAY PHONE SECTION - LONGHORN SIRLOIN BURGER 18
scene_heading: RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Jim puts down his duffel bag by the unit and picks up
text: the receiver, inserting a dime and dialing up "0."
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Operator? Hook me up with the
dialog: Highway Patrol. It's an emergency
dialog: so hurry it up... Sergeant, my
dialog: name's Jim Halsey. Get something to
dialog: write with, man. I seen some
dialog: stuff. What's it about? It's about
dialog: the family that got wasted in the
dialog: station wagon and the Texaco station
dialog: that got blown up a coupla minutes
dialog: ago. Why don't you get where I am
dialog: and I'll give you the rundown. I'1l
dialog: see you in a few minutes, okay? Oh
dialog: yeah, the address. I'm sitting at
dialog: the Longhorn Sirloin Burger off of
dialog: Interstate 10. I'11 wait for you.
dialog: So long, Sergeant.
text: Halsey hangs up and grabs his duffel bag. He heads to
text: the door and pushes through it into --
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM - LONGHORN SIRLOIN BURGER RESTAURANT - 19
speaker_heading: DAY
text: The kid puts his duffel bag on the sink. He looks in
text: the mirror and gets his first look at his grisly, grimy
text: appearance. He does a double take.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Holy shit.
text: Jim turns on the spigot and splashes water on his face.
text: Halsey dries himself off with a paper towel and looks
text: into the mirror. Little improvement.
text: The kid zips open his bag and draws out a fresh pair of
text: jeans, a white tee-shirt, clean socks and underwear, a
text: toothbrush, toothpaste and dental floss. He peels off
text: his gas-coated undershirt and pitches the sopping rag
text: into the rubbish. He pulls off his damp and dirty blue
text: jeans and dumps them in the trash bin. He strips out
text: of his petrol-soaked underclothes and deposits them in
text: the refuse. Naked, he clothes his muscular, lean body
text: in his clean, dry garments. The kid looks a little
text: refreshed. He goes to the sink and brushes his teeth,
text: flossing and gargling with tap water. He spits foamy
text: froth in the basin and looks himself over in the mir-
dialog: ror. Possibilities.
text: Jim puts the toothpaste, brush and dental floss back in
text: the bag and zips it up. He shouiders the strap and
text: walks out the door.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - LONGHORN SIRLOIN BURGER RESTAURANT 20
speaker_heading: - DAY
text: The kid walks around to the counter. The room is de-
text: serted. A cheeseburger and fries platter is set down
text: beside a cup of coffee. Jim lays his bag on the floor
text: and puts on his leather jacket, sitting on the stool.
text: He looks around for the waitress, shrugs his shoulders
text: and takes a sip of the coffee.
text: Galveston comes out of the kitchen. She raises her
text: eyebrows and smiles when she sees the new, improved
text: young man at the counter.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Can I stay?
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: Soap and water does wonders for
dialog: you. Are you alright?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20
dialog: 
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: : 20
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I'll be okay. You been really
dialog: nice.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: What in the world happened to you?
text: Jim stares into his coffee cup and shivers. He takes a
text: sip and looks at the girl.
speaker_heading: BALSEY
dialog: If it's all the same to you, I'd
dialog: like to talk about something else.
text: Galveston shrugs and leans back against the wall.
text: Halsey is spaced.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: You're not from around here, are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I come from Ohio.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: What brings you out here?
speaker_heading: HALSEY :
dialog: I grew up in this town called
dialog: Buford. You're driving down the
dialog: road, you see this sign that says,
dialog: "You are now entering Buford."
text: The other side of the sign says,
dialog: "You are now leaving Buford.”
dialog: Place gets a little old after
dialog: awhile. I hit the road. Heard
dialog: there was work in Texas, so I came
dialog: down to check it out.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: What if you can't find a job?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I'll check out California.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: You don't sit still, do you?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Ain't seen the place I'm gonna
dialog: make my stand is all. I still got
dialog: some adventuring to do before I
text: shift into low gear.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 20
text: The kid laughs.
speaker_heading: GAL ~
dialog: What's so funny?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I got all the adventure I can use
dialog: this day.
text: Jim has taken a hearty mouthful of his cheeseburger.
text: He stops chewing all of a sudden, a puzzled expression
text: on his face. He feels the top of the bun with his
text: fingertips. Halsey lays the burger back down on the
text: plate and flips the bread lid.
text: The kid chokes on the morsel of food in his mouth and
text: starts to gag.
text: A disembodied human eyeball floats gorily glassy on a
text: bed of gooey cheese.
text: Jim swats the plate off the counter, sending it sailing
text: against the wall and shattering to smithereens.
text: Galveston puts her hands over her mouth, shock-stricken
text: at the spectacle. Halsey staggers off the seat and
text: stumbles around, coughing, choking to death. He jams
text: the small of his back against one of the stools and
text: punches himself with both fists in the solar plexus.
text: The bit of food is disgorged from his windpipe.
text: He sits on the floor in a stupor. Suddenly he is on
text: his feet, in too much pain and shock to speak as he
text: flees out the door of the restaurant.
text: The waitress is speechless. She gathers herself to-
text: gether and walks to the window, watching the kid
text: scramble down the staircase.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - LONGHORN SIRLOIN BURGER RESTAURANT 21
speaker_heading: - DAY
text: Jim scatters across the parking lot. He stops in his
dialog: tracks.
text: A Highway Patrol car dips up the ramp and drives into
text: the lot in his direction. Halsey puts himself in the
text: path of the oncoming police car. He flags his hands
text: above his head, waving it down.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Hey! Wait, guys!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 21
text: The patrol car jams on its brakes and jerks to a halt.
text: The side doors are heaved open and TROOPER DODGE and
text: TROOPER DONNER land on the pavement on one knee. They
text: draw out their .357 Magnums from their sideholsters~
text: with practiced liquidity, taking two-handed aim at the
text: kid. Sunlight glints off their mirrored shades.
speaker_heading: TROOPER DONNER
dialog: Put your hands in the air and get
dialog: down on the ground!
text: Jim is stunned. He just stands frozen with a stupid
text: look on his face.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: You got it wrong, guys!
speaker_heading: TROOPER DODGE
dialog: Get your ass down on the cement or
dialog: we open fire! Put your hands up!
text: Halsey does what he is told. Putting his hands behind
text: his head, he climbs down onto his knees and flattens
text: himself face-first on the cement.
text: The Highway Patrolmen hurry over to where he lies.
speaker_heading: TROOPER DONNER
dialog: Do you have any identification
dialog: with you?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: My wallet's in the pocket of my
dialog: jacket.
text: Trooper Donner, a seasoned senior officer, looks on as
text: Trooper Dodge, a redneck rookie, crouches down and runs
text: his hand on the sides of the kid's leather coat. He
text: sticks his fingers in the pocket and pulls out some-
text: thing other than a wallet the two policemen stare at.
text: John Ryder's switchblade shiv, spiderwebbed with sticky
dialog: blood.
text: Jim turns his head to look over his shoulder. He sees
text: it and starts to say something. Trooper Dodge looks
text: down at him, red with rage.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - LONGHORN SIRLOIN BURGER RESTAURANT 22
speaker_heading: - DAY
text: Galveston is still standing staring out of the window
text: at the spectacle in the parking lot.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 22
text: She puts her hands on her mouth as she sees Jim Halsey
text: rise to his hands and knees and Trooper Dodge send his
text: shoe squarely in his face, socking him senseless. The
text: waitress rushes out the door of the restaurant in
dialog: alarm.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - "LONGHORN SIRLOIN BURGER" 23
scene_heading: RESTAURANT - DAY
text: The kid is bleeding from a bruised welt on his mouth as
text: he is dragged to his feet and pushed over the hood of
text: the Highway Patrol car by the roughneck cop. Trooper
text: Dodge clips a set of silver handcuffs off his belt and
text: claps them around Jim's wrists. Trooper Donner pulls
text: his rule book out of his back pocket and flips to a
dialog: specific page.
speaker_heading: TROOPER DONNER
dialog: You have the right to remain
dialog: silent...
text: A SHOUT attracts the attention of the two policemen.
text: They turn their heads to see Galveston run down the
text: stairs of the restaurant and across the lot, stopping
text: and standing in appalled silence, squinting squeamishly
text: at the scene. Jim stares at her stuperously.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: TROOPER DODGE
dialog: Get back inside, miss.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: What did he do for you to work him
dialog: over like that?
speaker_heading: TROOPER DONNER
dialog: This psychotic has slaughtered ten
dialog: people on the highways in the last
dialog: two days. We found this
text: switchblade in his jacket and it
text: fits the APB on the airwaves.
text: The policeman shows the girl the shiv in the handker-
text: chief. Halsey shakes his head slowly. She looks back
text: and forth between the kid and the cops, not knowing
text: what to think. Jim shuts his eyes and slumps as
text: Trooper Donner reads off his rights. Trooper Dodge
text: opens the rear door of the car.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 23
speaker_heading: TROOPER DODGE
dialog: Let's take this piece of crap in.
text: The two Highway Patrolmen shove the kid into the back
text: seat and shut the door. The cops climb into the front
text: seat and switch on the cherry-top. The car hangs a
text: huey and heads out of the parking lot.
text: Galveston stands on the asphalt in a cloud of exhaust,
text: watching the police car drive away up the road, smooth~
text: ing her hair with her hand.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY PATROL ROADSIDE STATIONHOUSE #4 - DAY 24
text: A small, L-shaped building of drab green brick. A
text: driveway leads down to it off the busy thoroughfare of
dialog: Interstate Highway 10.
text: The squad car turns off the freeway and pulls up in
text: front of the glass doors of the main entrance.
text: Troopers Donner and Dodge drag the limp Jim Halsey out
text: of the back, hauling him through the doors into the -~
scene_heading: INT. FRONT OFFICE - HIGHWAY PATROL STATIONHOUSE #4 - 25
speaker_heading: DAY
text: A big room with four desks set on the floor. Numerous
text: file cabinets flank a wall case of rifles and shotguns.
text: A computer bank connecting to a main data terminal is
text: in a corner. A photography setup complete with a box
text: camera on a tripod, a 1-K lamp on a stand, and a back-
text: drop of grey seamless fills another corner.
text: There is only one officer in the building. DESK
text: SERGEANT STARR is fetching a cup of coffee from a bub-
text: bling percolater. He looks up, stirring in sugar, to
text: see Trooper Donner and Trooper Dodge come in with the
dialog: worse-for-wear Jim Halsey.
scene_heading: DESK SERGEANT STARR
dialog: What have we got here?
speaker_heading: TROOPER DODGE
dialog: Swallow that coffee in your mouth.
scene_heading: DESK SERGEANT STARR
dialog: Gulp.
speaker_heading: TROOPER DODGE
dialog: We got us The Hitcher.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 25
scene_heading: DESK SERGEANT STARR
dialog: Bullshit.
speaker_heading: TROOPER DONNER
dialog: Kid had a switchblade that fits
dialog: the general description the
dialog: forensic people sent out.
scene_heading: DESK SERGEANT STARR
dialog: Book him.
text: Jim is led over to one of the desks with an Olivetti
text: Lexicon 83 DL on it. Trooper Dodge sees to handcuffing
text: him to the legs of the chair he sits him down on.
text: Trooper Donner seats himself behind the desk and rum-
text: Mages through the stack of papers for an arrest form.
text: He inserts the report sheet into the typewriter and
text: pecks out preliminary information. Desk Sergeant Starr
text: puts his shoe on the tabletop and chews a chaw from a
dialog: pack of Red Man Tobacco.
text: Jim is bleary from the beating.
speaker_heading: TROOPER DONNER
dialog: Name?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Jim Halsey.
scene_heading: DESK SERGEANT STARR
dialog: Does he have any identification on
dialog: him? Driver's license? Credit
dialog: card?
speaker_heading: TRCOPER DONNER
dialog: Nope. Nothin'.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 25
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I must have dropped it back there
text: at the restaurant.
speaker_heading: TROOPER DONNER
dialog: Where'd you get the car?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: It's an Auto-Drive-A-Way. It's
dialog: not mine. I'm delivering the car
dialog: to this guy in San Antonio.
speaker_heading: TROOPER DONNER
dialog: Do you have the registration?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: The car belongs to the guy. Call
text: the Auto-Drive-A-Way office in
dialog: Cleveland. I know the number.
dialog: It's (216) 676-4800.
text: Trooper Donner looks at him a moment. He picks up the
text: phone receiver and dials the number, switching on the
text: speaker phone. The SOUND of an ANSWERING MACHINE on
text: the SPEAKER PHONE.
speaker_heading: ANSWERING MACHINE (V.0O.)
dialog: You have reached the offices of
dialog: Cleveland Auto-Drive-A-Way. We are
dialog: closed on Saturday and Sunday but will
text: reopen at 9:00 on Monday morning.
text: The Highway Patrolman hangs up. The kid looks at the
text: three cops. Trooper Donner taps a pencil in his palm.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Call my mother, for Christsakes.
dialog: She manages the Buford 7-11 in
dialog: Ohio.
speaker_heading: TROOPER DONNER
dialog: You got one more call.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
text: (216) 555-0980. Check her out.
dialog: Let me talk to her.
text: The Highway Patrolman dials up the number. The SOUND
text: OF RINGING on the SPEAKER PHONE. It RINGS. RINGS.
scene_heading: RINGS. RINGS. RINGS. RINGS. RINGS. The policeman
text: hangs up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25
dialog: 
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 25
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: «+. Maybe you didn't give it 7
dialog: enough rings.
text: The three Highway Patrolmen regard him stone-faced.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: «.. C'mon, guys, do I look like a
dialog: bloodthirsty psycho to you?
text: Trooper Donner settles in his seat and scratches his
text: nose. Jim looks at the gas and grime stains on his
text: skin and runs his hand through his crumbly, crud-caked,
text: uncombed hair. Trooper Dodge leans down and looks him
text: in the face.
speaker_heading: TROOPER DODGE
dialog: You open your mouth and say one
dialog: more word and I'm gonna take my
dialog: stick and smash your teeth down
dialog: your throat.
speaker_heading: TROOPER DONNER
dialog: Get him printed, get his shots,
dialog: get him locked up, get him out of
dialog: my sight.
text: Trooper Donner yanks the arrest report sheet out of the
text: typewriter spool and sets out an ink pad. Trooper
text: Dodge unlocks the handcuffs, smearing Jim's finger-
text: prints onto the sponge and the ten digits onto the
text: appropriate spaces on the paper. Halsey doesn't dare
dialog: resist.
text: Desk Sergeant Starr goes over to the photography rig in
text: the corner. Flicking on the floodlight, he adjusts the
text: box camera and inserts plastic numerals into a block
text: with a neck strap.
text: Jim is led over to the seamless backing in front of the
text: lens. The numeralled block is slung around his neck.
text: The flashbulb strobes four times as snapshots are taken
text: of his front and side views.
text: Despondent, the kid is led away from the mug shot setup
text: by Trooper Dodge. He is drawn toward a door leading
text: into an adjoining area. The rookie unlatches it and
dialog: pushes the boy into --
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: INT. CELL BLOCK - HIGHWAY PATROL STATIONHOUSE #4 - DAY 26
text: The two of them walk down the row of dull, cold metal-
text: barred cubicles without saying a word. Their FOOTFALLS
text: ECHO bleakly. All of the cages are empty. The cop
text: selects the one furthest down the line and opens the
text: gate with his ring of keys. He stuffs Jim roughly
text: inside and slams the gate shut with a hopeless CLANG.
text: He turns his back and walks back up the hall. The DOOR
text: SLAMS. The kid is alone.
text: Jim Halsey is not looking well. He starts to wander
text: around the cramped compartment in circles, staring at
text: the walls. Nervous energy presaging a complete exhaus-
dialog: tive collapse.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I don't believe this. I don't.
text: The kid wilts to the ground and lies there in a heap.
scene_heading: INT. JAIL CELL - CELL BLOCK - DAY (LATER) 27
text: Jim Halsey's eyes blink open, crusted over. His cheek
text: is squished against the cold stone floor. He groans
text: and pushes himself ecnto his hands and knees, shaking
text: his head around to clear it.
text: It's unclear how long he has been unconscious or how
text: much time has elapsed. Jim climbs unhappily to his
text: feet and stretches his aching bones with a grunt.
text: Rubbing his swollen jaw, he rests his weight against
dialog: the gate.
text: CRREEEAAAK. It spreads wide open. The kid is thrown
text: off balance and, toppling out, nearly trips onto his
text: duff. Surprised, he hurries back into his cell, clos-
dialog: ing the gate.
text: He clings onto the bars, chewing his lips. He scouts
text: his surroundings on all sides. Deserted. A fraction
text: of an inch at a time, so as not to make any sound, he
text: reopens the gate, slipping out into --
scene_heading: INT. CELL BLOCK - HIGHWAY PATROL STATIONHOUSE #4 - 28
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Jim tiptoes across the hall and flattens himself
text: against the wall. Holding his breath, he steals step
text: by step toward the door to the front office.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 28
text: He draws his tongue around his parched lips, wetting
text: them, listening intently fer any sound and being care-
dialog: ful not to make any of his own.
text: Arriving at the door frame, he squeezes up against
text: it. He braces himself to make his move.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: One... two... Go for it!
text: Jim takes off like a shot through the doorway into --
scene_heading: INT. FRONT OFFICE - HIGHWAY PATROL STATIONHOUSE #4 - 29
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Jim tears into the room in a desperate break for the
text: front doorway. After three paces he stop so short that
text: he almost falls on his face. He stumbles into the file
text: cabinets, fingers stuffed in his mouth to keep his
text: gorge down. Buckling over, he wretches in dry heaving
text: spasms.
text: Trooper Donner is slumped spread-eagled in his chair
text: behind the typewriter. His throat is cut from ear to
dialog: ear.
text: Trooper Dodge is sprawled on the floor with his back
text: propped up against the base of the wall, his stomach
text: savaged with stab wounds. The carpet area seven feet
text: around him is a sea of red wetness.
text: His stainless steel .357 Magnum rests in his open palm,
text: chalky fingers beginning to stiffen with rigor mortis
text: around the vulcanized rubber stock.
text: Desk Sergeant Starr is crumpled over on his knees. His
text: arms are hugging his belly and a sanguine stain flowers
text: his shirt.
text: Jim gathers himself together and gets to his feet. He
text: walks incredulously in and around the carnage. Then he
text: spots it.
text: The bleached cow skull from the front of the black
text: pickup truck is on the carpet. The eyesockets are
text: cupped with blood. Long red drip-drops like ghastly
text: tears bleed down the toothy jawbone.
text: With a scream, Jim stomps his sneaker down onto the
text: skull, shattering it to smithereens.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 29
text: Fright and revulsion turn to raw panic. Frantic, Jim
text: scampers around the room trying to decide the best .
text: course of action. He doesn't know what to do with
dialog: himself.
text: The PHONE RINGS. RINGS again. And again. Another
scene_heading: PHONE RINGS.
text: Out of his mind with confusion, Jim sprints over to the
text: butchered corpse of Trooper Dodge. He bends down on
text: one knee and tries to pry the stony fingers from around
text: the stock of the .357 Magnum. Rock solid from rigor,
text: they won't budge. Halsey breaks the fingerbones at the
text: knuckles, grimacing squeamishly with each SICKENING
text: SNAP. He twists the bulky pistol free. Standing up,
text: he tests the weight of the gun and gets the feel of it
text: in his hand. He handles it clunkily and awkwardly.
text: He stuffs the barrel down into his belt underneath his
text: white tee-shirt. He zips up his leather jacket to
dialog: conceal it.
text: The PHONES are RINGING off the wall.
text: The kid's mind is fuzz tone. Scattering across the
text: room, he shoulders out of the glass coors into --
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY PATROL STATIONHOUSE #4 - DAY 30
text: Jim Halsey runs at full-tilt out of the driveway and
text: into the tall, dry crabgrass that lines the roadside.
text: A SYMPHONY OF SIRENS rise and stop him in his tracks.
text: The kid hits the deck, ducking down onto his stomach in
text: the weeds to see a posse of five black and white police
text: cars blur past with their cherry-tops flaring. Peeking
text: through the grass blades, the young man watches them
text: assemble and congregate in the driveway of the slaugh-
text: terhouse stationhouse. Ten troopers dash out of their
text: vehicles and into the building. In a second, six of
text: the cops scramble out the door and sprint into three of
text: the squad cars. In a SQUEAL OF SMOKING TIRES, the
text: vehicles speed out onto the highway in opposite direc-
dialog: tions.
text: The kid waits until he is sure he is not being watched
text: and takes off out of his place of concealment. He runs
text: into a field of high weeds as fast as his legs will
text: carry him. He is running blind, his eyes squeezed
text: shut, his head thrown back, his face flushed crimson.
text: His fists are clenched.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 30
text: He runs and runs, his heart punching his chest, his
text: lungs tearing out of his torso. His face is screwed up
text: in a mask of adrenalic agony. Jim starts to lose steam
text: and he stumbles to a stop, standing and sucking in air
text: in spurting spasms, stroking his aching stomach.
text: Halsey surveys his surroundings, scanning for a
dialog: Sanctuary. :
text: He sees the silver eagle signpost of a small Trailways
text: bus station several hundred yards away, situated on a
text: side road to the highway. Scrambling across the re=-
text: mainder of the field, he steps into the lot of the --
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - TRAILWAYS BUS STATION - DAY 31
text: The only cruiser presently at the gates is the one that
text: just pulled in and now it's pulling out. In a HISS OF
text: AIR BRAKES, it starts edging out of its dock.
text: Jim bangs on the door with his hands. It keeps revers-
dialog: ing backwards.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Hey! Stop this thing! This is my
dialog: bus! Hey! Stop!
text: The bus driver ignores him. The bus maneuvers around
text: with a warning HONK of its HORN and RUMBLES off toward
text: the ramp to the side road.
text: Jim is left panting for air in a smoky fog of exhaust
text: fumes. He scoops an empty Dr. Pepper can off the
text: ground and chucks it at the tailgate of the bus. It
text: CLATTERS onto the ground as the cruiser disappears
text: around the bend.
text: The kid turns and schleps into --
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM AND TICKETING AREA - 32
scene_heading: TRAILWAYS BUS STATION - DAY
text: As soon as he steps inside he becomes awake and alert.
text: He stays by the door with his hand resting on the reas-
text: suring mound under his leather jacket.
text: The room has a row of black plastic seats with 25¢ pay
text: TVs attached to the armrests. A black Marine in uni-
text: form sits patiently with his hands folded in his lap.
text: A drunken cowboy with a cowhide face is slumped over,
text: wearing a sheepskin coat and ten-gallon Stetson.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32
dialog: 
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 32
text: A cigarette is burned to the butt in his cattle-hoof
text: hands. A Mexican laborer with a ponytail dangling down
text: the back of his denim jacket is cradling his snoozing
text: nino on his knee. A backpacker is having a go with a
text: BEEPING AND CHIMING VIDEO GAME in the corner.
dialog: No cops anywhere. Yet.
text: He loosens up a bit and folds up his collar as he
text: crosses over to the ticket counter.
text: The TICKETEER is a very fat black girl who smiles at
text: him through gobs of lipstick.
speaker_heading: TICKETEER
dialog: May I help you?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I'd like a ticket on the next bus
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: TICKETEER
dialog: To where, sir?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Anywhere.
speaker_heading: TICKETEER
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Whaddya got?
speaker_heading: TICKETEER
dialog: Well, we have a bus going to --
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: When will it get here?
speaker_heading: TICKETEER
dialog: It's scheduled to arrive any minute.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Sounds great. Always wanted to go
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: TICKETEER
dialog: That's the number twelve and it's
text: headed all the way to Seattle.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: How far will this get me?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 32
text: He gropes in his pockets and comes up with a handful of
text: balled-up bills and loose change. He plops it in a~
text: sloppy pile on the counter.
text: The girl counts it, poking aside the change coin by
dialog: coln.
speaker_heading: TICKETEER
dialog: Let's see... two, six, twenty-
dialog: four. You got twenty-one dollars
dialog: and twenty-four cents. I can sell
dialog: you a ticket to Austin if you
dialog: like.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: How far is Austin from here?
speaker_heading: TICKETEER
text: Four hundred miles or so.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: That's as far as I can get?
speaker_heading: TICKETEER
dialog: Yes, sir. ‘'Fraid so.
text: She punches out the ticket and passes it over the coun-
text: ter. The kid folds it up and slips it into his pocket.
text: Jim has to move. Placing his hand on the butt of the
text: pistol under his jacket, he looks both ways and stalks
text: to the door he came in, shoving through it out onto --
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - TRAILWAYS BUS STATION - DAY 33
text: Jim walks over to one of the pillars and leans back
text: against it. He taps a Marlboro out of his pack. He
text: breaks it apart in a crumple of paper and tobacco
text: shreds.
text: The WAIL of a SIREN makes him dodge for cover behind
text: the pinion. He withdraws the .357 Magnum from his belt
text: and takes hold of it with both hands.
text: A Highway Patrol car with its beacon
text: over the ramp incline into the lot.
text: Swerves around and comes to a stop.
text: and TROOPER CONNERS get out, leaving
text: ablaze bobs up
dialog: The vehicle
speaker_heading: TROOPER PRESTONE
text: the MOTOR RUNNING.
text: Jim takes the sound of the doors opening as a cue.
text: Leaping around the pillar onto both feet, he trains the
text: hog pistol on the two Highway Patrolmen.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 33
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Stop!
text: Trooper Prestone and Trooper Conners obey. Their hands
text: hover by their hips. The guns have not been taken out
text: of the holsters.
speaker_heading: TROOPER PRESTONE
dialog: Take it easy.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Tell me about it!
speaker_heading: TROOPER PRESTONE
dialog: We both have wives and kids, and
dialog: we both want to see them again.
dialog: We'll do whatever you want us to
dialog: do. What do you want us to do?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Gimme a minute.
speaker_heading: TROOPER PRESTONE
dialog: We got all day.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
text: Get over by the car.
text: The cops back up slowly and carefully.
speaker_heading: HALSEY (cont'd)
dialog: «+. Those handcuffs you got on
dialog: your belt. I want you to take
dialog: them off and lock your partner's
text: hands behind his back.
speaker_heading: TROOPER PRESTONE
dialog: You mean me?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: No, I meant you, the other guy.
dialog: But you do it. You do it.
speaker_heading: TROOPER PRESTONE
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: You. Go ahead, but don't go
dialog: anywhere your gun. You. Get your
dialog: hands behind your back.
text: Trooper Conners obediently follows Halsey's directions.
text: He places his wrists together in the small of his back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 33
text: Trooper Prestone unhitches his cuffs from his belt and
text: clamps them securely around his brother officer's
dialog: wrists.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: We're all gonna get in the car and
dialog: take a drive.
speaker_heading: TROOPER PRESTONE
dialog: Where to?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Let's do this one step at a time.
dialog: How are we gonna work this? Let's
dialog: see. You guys get in the front
dialog: and I'll get in the back. Does
dialog: that sound alright?
speaker_heading: TROOPER PRESTONE
dialog: Sounds good to me.
text: Jim walks over to the right hand back door and gestures
text: with the barrel of the .357 Magnum. The subservient
text: troopers get together by the right front door.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: One of you open the door.
text: Trooper Prestone gently unlatches the door and eases it
text: open. Halsey opens his with one hand and keeps the gun
text: leveled with the other.
speaker_heading: HALSEY (cont'd)
dialog: ++. We're all gonna get in at the
dialog: same time. Ready. Steady. Go.
text: The three of them climb into the vehicle in unison.
scene_heading: INT. HIGHWAY PATROL CAR - DAY 34
text: Trooper Conners slides over and Trooper Prestone gets
text: behind the wheel. Halsey braces his sneakers against
text: the frame of the front seat. Resting his elbows, he
text: keeps a steady and unwavering two-hand grip on the
dialog: cannon.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Start the car. Head for the
dialog: highway.
text: The patrolman switches ON the IGNITION and shifts into
dialog: gear.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 34
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 34
text: He drives out of the parking lot, down the dip of the
text: ramp and turns onto the road.
text: A Motorola shortwave RADIO is under the dashboard. The
text: light is blinking as a wire band frequency is monitored
text: on the speaker amid storms of STATIC.
speaker_heading: TRANSMISSION
dialog: All units, this is Texas Ranger C
dialog: company commander Captain
dialog: Eszterhas. Suspect is a male
text: Caucasian in his early twenties
text: with long hair. Name Jim Halsey.
dialog: Patrol IH 10 and search all
dialog: establishments in a ten-mile
dialog: radius. Two pistols were found to
dialog: be missing from the station. He
dialog: is to be considered armed and
dialog: extremely dangerous. Approach
dialog: with caution...
text: The kid and the police officers listen to the broadcast
text: in states of complete attention. Jim shakes his head -
text: and rubs his eyes.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: The shortwave radio. Could you
dialog: call out on it and get me
dialog: connected with this Captain guy?
speaker_heading: TROOPER PRESTONE
dialog: I can put you through.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Go for it. Do it but don't tell
dialog: anyone where we are or anything.
text: The cop takes the mike off the clip and puts it to his
dialog: lips.
speaker_heading: TROOPER PRESTONE
dialog: Central, this is car-
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I said don't give them any
dialog: information, Goddammit!
speaker_heading: TROOPER PRESTONE
dialog: Central, this is one of your cars
dialog: and we have been hijacked by the
dialog: suspect.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 34
speaker_heading: TROOPER PRESTONE (CONT'D)
dialog: We are under orders not to reveal
dialog: our identities or coordinates. He
dialog: wishes to speak directly to
dialog: Captain Eszterhas. Over.
scene_heading: STATIC BUZZ and URGENT VOICES on the SQUAWK BOX. The
text: three men have their ears glued to it as the car
text: cruises through the mid-morning traffic.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS (V.O.)
dialog: This is Captain Eszterhas. Do you
dialog: read? Over.
text: Trooper Prestone passes the mike over his shoulder to
dialog: Halsey.
speaker_heading: TROOPER PRESTONE
dialog: Push the red button to relay.
dialog: Release it to receive.
text: Jim puts the microphone to his mouth and presses the
dialog: button.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Captain, this is Jim Halsey. I
dialog: have one of your cars and both of
dialog: your men are alright.
text: He releases the button.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS (V.O.)
dialog: I want to know if you're alright,
dialog: Halsey. Over.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Yeah, I'm okay, Captain. You
dialog: gotta listen to me. I didn't do
dialog: any of this stuff. I got set up
text: and framed by the psycho who's
dialog: responsible. I swear it. Over.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS (V.O.)
dialog: I'm supposed to swallow that
dialog: story? What do you suggest we do?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Anything. I want to get this over
dialog: and done with.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS (V.O.)
dialog: Are you willing to lay down your
dialog: arms and surrender? Over.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 34
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Sure. As long as I'm safe. Over.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS (V.0.)
dialog: Alright. I will give you the
dialog: chance to give up. What I want
dialog: you to do is hand your weapons
dialog: over to my men. I will be with
dialog: you in a little while. Are we in
dialog: agreement? Over.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: We are in agreement. Over.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS (V.0O.)
dialog: I'll see you shortly. Over and
dialog: out.
text: The two Highway Patrolmen, who have been listening to
text: the conversation, exchange flabbergasted glances. The
text: kid grins broadly in relief.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
text: Pull the car over to the side of
dialog: the road.
text: Trooper Prestone steers the car onto the shoulder and
text: slows to a stop, shutting off the ignition. He holds
text: out his open hand.
speaker_heading: TROOPER PRESTONE
dialog: Guess you better let me have the
dialog: gun.
text: The angry SNARL OF AN ENGINE and a SQUEAL OF BRAKING
text: TIRES. The kid's and the trooper's attention is com-
text: manded by a VEHICLE that zooms up and sits SNORTING
text: exhaust alongside the police car.
text: The black pickup truck.
text: Trooper Prestone and Trooper Conners rotate their heads
text: to peer out the open window at the darkened cab of the
text: malific truck.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Noooooooo00! 1!
text: CRACKAKABOOOQOOOM! CRACKAKABOOOQOOOOOM! Muzzle flashes
text: of PISTOL SHOTS. The cops slump like sandbags.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 34
text: The black PICKUP THUNDERS off up the freeway, leaving
text: an ugly quay cloud of carbon monoxide-laden smoke and
text: dirt in its place.
text: Jim has his hands clapped over his ears, drowning out
text: the SOUND OF HIS SCREAMS splitting the RINGING SILENCE.
text: The interior decorating of the squad car consists of a
text: bright red bloodbath. Out of his mind, the kid breaks
text: out the side door onto --
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 10 - DAY 35
text: Shoving the .357 Magnum brutally back into his belt,
text: Jim runs like a lunatic from the scene, derangedly
text: dashing along the roadside as traffic flies by. Stub-
text: bing his toe on a rock, he stumbles to his knees, chaf-
text: ing them raw. Staying there, he turns his dilated eyes
text: up into the broad expanse of sky.
text: Sliding the gun out of his waist, Jim turns it on him-
text: self. Fitting this thumb around the trigger, he opens
text: his mouth and stretches it wide. He inserts the silver
text: barrel so deep it tickles the back of his throat. The
text: muzzle chokes him up before he can fire and he gags.
text: Sagging down, he returns the .357 to the inside of his
text: jacket. He raises his head and looks ahead of him.
text: A truckstop diner lies a stone's throw away. "Pit
text: Stop." A slapdash painted sign reads, “Last Food For
dialog: Miles."
text: The kid pauses, shambles to his feet and stumbles off
text: in the direction of the restaurant.
scene_heading: INT. "PIT STOP" - DAY 36
text: Jim walks through the revolving door. A BELL RINGS
text: with a DING. A counter with stools and a few booths by
text: the window, devoid of customers. The PROPRIETOR is
text: scrubbing the formica countertop with a Bounty towel.
text: Jim schleps over to it, drained and defeated.
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Coffee. Somethin'. I dunno.
dialog: Coffee.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 36
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: It's brewing. Got a few minutes?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Probably not.
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: To go?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Bring it to me at one of the
dialog: booths. If I'm still here.
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: You okay, kid?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: Go on. Have a seat.
text: The owner goes into the kitchen. The kid is totally
text: dejected and despondent. He flops into a booth by the
text: window and stares forlornly out the pane glass at the
text: highway and the relentless procession of cars and
text: trucks streaking across it. Jim rests his elbows on
text: the table and puts his face in his hands.
text: Somebody slides into the seat across from him. The kid
text: drops his hands.
text: John Ryder is sighting him down with his trademark
text: bullet eyes. His black raincoated shoulders unfurl
text: like bat wings, his unearthly transistor radio voice
text: makes Jim sink into the seat cushion.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: So how do you like shitsville,
dialog: stupid?
text: Jim gropes for his gun under his jacket. This can't
text: escape Ryder's notice but he takes it in stride.
text: Under the table, the CLICK of a HAMMER being COCKED
text: back on a .357 Magnum. Jim's face brightens in a de-
text: mented gloat.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: You stay sitting right where you
dialog: are. Don't move or I'll blow your
dialog: brains out your ass.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 36
text: Ryder rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Ain't no bullets in that gun.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Yeah, oh yeah.
text: The Hitcher sees the doubt written plainly on the boy's
text: features and laughs incredulously.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Yer so stupid ya never even
dialog: checked, did ya?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: So help me, I'll blow you in half.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Squeeze the trigger if ya want.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Go ‘head.
text: Jim is on the spot. He chews his tongue in his cheek.
dialog: He is in no way capable of that action. Under the
text: table there is a second, similar CLICK. The Hitcher's
text: face becomes very serious.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Because you can sure as shit bet
dialog: I'm gonna squeeze mine.
text: The kid goes an ashen hue.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: --- Bang!!!
text: Ryder makes the sound of a gunshot and Jim jumps in his
text: seat. Out of reflex, he pulls the trigger, summoning
text: only the hollow SNAP OF A HAMMER striking an empty
text: cylinder. Aghast, Jim squeezes the trigger again and
text: again, but the gun is indeed empty.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 36
text: The kid shrinks away as Ryder leans forward, his pale
text: thin lips whitening into a scar-tissue sneer.
text: Ryder digs into his pocket, bringing his hand out with
text: something in his pallid fist. He spits on the tips of
text: two of his fingers and balances twin copper pennies on
text: them. Stretching his hand across the table, he presses
text: the coins in Halsey's eye sockets.
text: Jim just sits there with the pennies on his eyes. He
text: doesn't breathe.
text: Moments pass. The silence is so complete that the soft
text: "puft" of a container of coffee being set on the table
text: is deafening. The PENNIES drop out of his eyes and
text: CLATTER around the tabletop.
text: He looks around, disoriented. The Proprietor is stand-
text: ing over him with his hands on his hips. John Ryder is
text: nowhere to be seen.
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: That coffee's to go because I
dialog: don't want you hanging out here.
dialog: Take it and get going.
text: The owner goes away. Phoenix scans the place in vain
text: for the Hitcher. His gaze settles on something left in
text: front of him on the table.
text: A napkin folded over some objects. Two words scribbled
dialog: on the tissue. "Next time."
text: The kid unwraps the napkin and exhales.
text: Twelve .357 ammo cartridges.
text: He scoops them hurriedly into his coat pocket before -
text: anyone could notice them. His attention is suddenly
dialog: diverted.
text: Out the window beside him he sees a Trailways bus
text: parked in the lot. Its door Opens and a bunch of pass-
text: engers step out to stretch and get some fresh air.
text: Several of them come inside to fetch food from the
dialog: Proprietor. Rest stop.
text: Halsey downs his coffee in a single gulp, smacking his
dialog: lips.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Get your ass in gear, buddy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 36
text: The kid gets up out of the booth and makes his way past
text: the passengers at the counter to the door.
scene_heading: EXT. "PIT STOP" PARKING LOT - DAY 37
text: The bus sits pluming heat waves into the baking noon
dialog: air.
text: In the distance down the freeway, a flurry of police
text: activity. Sparking red road flares are set on the
text: blacktop. A squadron of highway patrol cars are parked
text: around the blood-spattered one. Troopers are hauling
text: the dead bodies out and placing them on the tarmac.
text: One cop is directing traffic.
text: The bus driver waddles to the rear of the cruiser,
text: absorbed in the spectacle down the road.
text: Halsey steals out the door to the diner and sneaks
text: across the lot, up the gangway and into the bus.
scene_heading: INT. RESTROOM - TRAILWAYS BUS - DAY 38
text: Unoccupied. The door is pushed in and the kid steps
text: inside, closing and locking it behind him.
text: dim throws some cold water on his face from the basin.
text: Resting his rear end against the sink, he dries himself
text: with a paper towel.
text: Withdrawing the .357 Magnum from his belt, he scoops a
text: handful of the big-bore cartridges from his jacket
text: pocket. Halsey peruses the handgun, fingering its
text: various components and fittings. He hasn't a clue
text: about how to break the cylinder to insert the bullets.
text: Patience nil, he works himself into a red-faced frenzy
text: pawing at the pistol. Tricking open the dead bolt by
text: accident, he flips the tumbler out. Plugging slugs
text: into the six holes and slapping shut the chambers, he
text: returns the gun to his belt.
text: Outside the bathroom can be heard the RUSTLING OF PASS-
text: ENGERS returning to their seats.
text: The john quivers as the MOTOR RUMBLES on directly be-
dialog: neath the floor.
text: The kid makes his move, undoing the latch lock and
text: edging open the door.
dialog: 39
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. SEATING SECTION - TRAILWAYS BUS - DAY 39
text: Halsey ducks out the door and drops himself into the
text: aisle seat in the row set against the rest room. Jim
text: settles in the cushion and has himself a smoke. He.
text: returns his pack of Marlboros to the pocket of his
text: leather jacket and looks about, spotting the passengers
text: in the seats around him. He hasn't been seen. The kid
text: breathes a sigh of relief.
text: Stiff, he stretches his neck and sees someone sitting
text: in the rear seat row over his shoulder. He shakes his
text: head and smiles.
text: The girl is out of her waitress uniform and clad in a
text: denim jacket, jeans, a dungaree shirt and worn cowboy
text: boots. GALVESTON NASH is sitting alone in the window
text: seat, staring absently through the glass, the side of
text: her face to him. She has her handbag in her lap.
text: Jim gets out of the aisle seat and slides onto the
text: cushion across from her. Gal is removing a pack of
text: Merits from her breast pocket. As she lights up, she
text: gets her first look at her seat mate. A double take.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: You.
text: The girl tries to get up and run at the same time. The
text: kid is wide awake and in action. Jack-knifing himself
text: across the seats, he drags her down in a clinch and
text: wrestles her onto his lap. He stuffs his hand in her
text: mouth to silence her. She bites down hard and he has
text: to stifle a yelp. He draws the .357 Magnum from his
text: belt and holds it in his hand so she can see it. She
text: stops struggling and stares at the gun.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: ... Are you gonna stop?
text: Jim takes his hand from her mouth and suckles the red
text: teeth marks semi-circling the palm. He lets her go.
text: She sits up and smooths off her rumpled garments. Her
text: eyes remain riveted on him.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: Are you gonna shoot me?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Stop worrying about me shooting
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 39 CONTINUED: 39
text: He sticks the revolver in his belt and closes the flaps
text: of his jacket over it.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: «+. See? I'ma kid. I'm a normal
dialog: kid -- I'm just like you.
speaker_heading: GAL
text: A kid with a gun.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 39
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: This gun I stole for protection.
dialog: I haven't fired it once. It still
dialog: has all the bullets in it. It
dialog: didn't have any bullets in it at
dialog: all until five minutes ago.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: So you have the bullets to shoot
dialog: me if I don't shut up.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: What are you doing here, anyway?
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: I commute from my job to my town.
dialog: My stop is coming up next. Are
dialog: you going to let me get off?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Don't know what I'm going to do
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: If you're not going to let me go,
dialog: you're going to shoot me like you
dialog: shot all those other people, and
dialog: if you're going to shoot me, I'm
text: going to scream.
text: The kid claps his hand over the girl's mouth. Seizing
text: her by the shoulders, he hoists her over to him and
text: holds her face inches from his own.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Look in my face! Look in it! Do
dialog: I look like somebody who gets his
dialog: rocks off wasting people? Is that
dialog: what you see?
text: She looks him over a long moment and shakes her head
dialog: sincerely. Jim Halsey has made contact with somebody
text: and all the pressure and pain overcome him as he breaks
text: down and cries. He weeps in shuddering sobs.
text: Galveston suddenly sees a severely shaken, strung-out
text: and scared young man, and she is shocked. He puts his
text: head on her shoulder. She puts her arms around him and
text: hugs him softly. He lays his head on her lap. She is
text: astonished and affected.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 39
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: «-- It doesn't stop. I can't get
dialog: any relief. I gotta get some
dialog: relief.
text: Stunned, she strokes his hair soothingly.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: I don't know who you are. I don't
dialog: know what's going on. I do know
dialog: you didn't shoot anybody. You
dialog: settle down. It's going to be
dialog: alright.
text: A big glass portico looms behind the two of them. The
text: highway recedes behind tinted glass. The black pickup
text: truck is keeping steady pursuit, hovering like some
text: relentless and poisonous beetle on the wing.
text: GRIND OF GEARS as the bus shifts to a lower mode, slows
text: its speed, steers onto the road shoulder, and comes to
dialog: a stop.
text: The kid sits up and looks over the headrest out the
text: glass portico. A Highway Patrol car with its party
text: lights flashing is bringing up the rear. It parks
text: behind the cruiser and two troopers climb out, unsnap-
text: ping their side holsters. The young man sinks down in
text: the seat with a groan.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: It's the cops.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: What are you gonna do?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I gotta give up. I got no choice.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: I'll go with you. It's going to
dialog: be alright.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Let's go.
text: The two young people get up out of the seat and go down
text: the aisle. The bus driver pistons open the door with
text: an AIRLOCK RELEASE.
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 10 WEST - DAY 40
text: The .357 Magnum is chucked out the open door. It lands
text: on the gravel.
text: TROOPER HAPSCOMB and TROOPER HANCOCK are approaching
text: the bus. They draw out their handguns and wait in
text: apprehension.
text: Jim Halsey climbs gingerly down the gangway. He disem-
text: barks with his hands clasped behind his head.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I'm unarmed. I'm turning myself
dialog: in.
text: The kid goes over to the cops calmly and carefully.
text: The Highway Patrolmen point their pistols at him.
text: Trooper Hapscomb reaches for the manacles on his belt.
text: Trooper Hancock gives him a loaded look. The policeman
text: leaves the cuffs on the clip.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: «e- I'm giving up but I'm not
dialog: guilty.
speaker_heading: TROOPER HANCOCK
dialog: You spit on my wrist.
text: Jim looks down at the wrist. It is connected to a hand
text: which is clenching a .357 Magnum snub-nosed aimed at
text: his abdomen.
speaker_heading: TROOPER HANCOCK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: «-. Wipe it off.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: You can see I'm unarmed.
speaker_heading: TROOPER HANCOCK
dialog: Wipe it off.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Put the gun in your other hand.
speaker_heading: TROOPER HANCOCK
dialog: Wipe it off.
scene_heading: INT. SEATING SECTION - TRAILWAYS BUS - DAY 41
text: Galveston is biting her lip as she leans over the head-
text: rest of a seat, looking out the tinted glass window at
text: Jim standing with his hands behind his head with the
text: Troopers on either side.
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 41
text: A gum-chewing old woman and a little boy with a
text: knapsack rubberneck in their seats to see the scene..
text: Trooper Hancock sees the spectators and slowly shifts
text: his position to shield the kid from the sight of the
text: passengers. The girl swears and sprints down the
dialog: aisle. :
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 10 WEST - DAY 42
text: The young man swallows as he sees the cop cock back the
text: hammer of the gun with his thumb. The kid understands
text: the situation. He scrambles away and scatters along
text: the shoulder of the road. The Highway Patrolmen drop
text: to one knee and draw beads on him. Their fingers close
text: on the triggers.
text: A GUNSHOT cuts the air.
text: Halsey cries out and collapses on the blacktop tarmac.
text: Troopers Hapscomb and Hancock stay still and start to
dialog: sweat.
text: Galveston is standing outside the door of the bus. Her
text: simple country girl face is flushed with anxiety. She
text: is aiming the .357 Magnum she is holding in her hands
text: at the backs of the crouched Highway Patrolmen.
text: Gunsmoke drifts from the barrel.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: I don't believe you were going to
dialog: do what you were going to do.
dialog: Drop your guns.
text: The policemen set their revolvers on the road.
text: Jim Halsey gets to his feet. Sick with anger, he
text: stalks along the roadway to where Trooper Hapscomb and
text: Trooper Hancock are down on one knee. He bends down
text: and grabs up a .357 Magnum in each fist. He points the
text: guns grimly in the cops' faces and grits his teeth as
text: they flinch and wince.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I understand the situation.
text: He is not interfered with as he walks past the Highway
text: Patrolmen to where the girl is standing holding the
text: handgun at her side.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He heaves the two .357 Magnums over the guard rail,
text: down a slope and into a small creek at the bottom of
text: the hill. He takes the pistol from her grasp and ~
text: levels it on the policemen.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: .-. Get up and get out your
dialog: handcuffs. Cuff yourselves to the
text: guard rail.
text: Grudging, but obliging, the cops disengage the manacles
text: from their belt clips, close a clamp around a wrist and
text: clamp the other cuff to the guard rail crossbeam.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: «s. Chuck the keys.
text: The policemen toss the car keys to the kid. He catches
text: them and puts them in his pocket. The Highway Patrol-
text: men glower at the girl who is growing concerned about
dialog: the consequences of her actions.
speaker_heading: TROOPER HAPSCOMB
dialog: You're in a world of hurt, young
dialog: lady.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: What was I supposed to do? I
dialog: wasn't going to stand and watch
dialog: while you shot him in cold blood.
speaker_heading: TROOPER HANCOCK
dialog: You're an accessory and you're
dialog: going to jail.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Shut up, asshole!
text: The kid turns to the girl, shoving the revolver in his
text: belt under his jacket.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: «s- I'm gonna grab the car and get
dialog: out of here. You gonna come?
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: I can't go with you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 42
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 42
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: You can't stay here, you'll get
dialog: arrested. If you come with me I
dialog: can drive you a couple miles, and
dialog: you can get out and get away.
text: She shuts her eyes and shakes her head at the situa-
text: tion. She shrugs and nods. The kid takes the girl by
text: the hand and hurries her over to where the Highway
text: Patrol Mustang is parked with its doors flung open and
text: its ENGINE IDLING. He helps her into the passenger
text: seat, heads around the hood and hustles into the
text: driver's seat. They slam shut their doors.
scene_heading: INT. CAB - BLACK PICKUP TRUCK - DAY 43
text: A skeletal hand sticking out of the sleeve of a black
text: rubber raincoat stubs out the butt of a Lucky Strike
text: cigarette in the pallid palm of the other hand. It
text: wraps around the wooden stock of a .357 Magnum jammed
text: in the belt of the grey pleated trousers. Yanking it
text: out, it pulls the pin and flops open the cylinder.
text: Digging into the pants pocket, it comes up with two
text: fresh cartridges. Wedging out the charred casings, it
text: pops in the new shells.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Bitch.
text: The bony hand slaps shut the chambers and spins them
text: around with a WHIZZ by the heel of the paln. Stuffing
text: the revolver rudely back in the belt, it grabs the
text: dangling key ring and switches on the ignition. The
text: ENGINE SNARLS. The hand slams the stick into first
dialog: gear.
scene_heading: INT. STOLEN SQUAD CAR - DAY 44
text: Jim Halsey turns over the motor. The turbo-charged
text: ENGINE BURSTS on with a BLAST of horsepower. The kid
text: shifts into gear and steers onto the Interstate and
text: into the midday traffic. He looks at the girl sitting
text: apprehensively alongside hin.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Relax.
text: Jim returns his eyes to the road.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 44
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 44
text: SIRENS RISE. Halsey looks into the rearview mirror to
text: see two cherrytops flashing. The flowering red flares
text: blossom brighter. The two pursuing police cars get™
text: closer, hot on their tail. Gal looks over her
text: shoulder. She looks at Jim, distraught. He shrugs
text: weakly.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: «++ Sorry.
text: The kid starts to concentrate on his driving and he
text: stares straight ahead. He ignites a Marlboro with the
text: dashboard lighter.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: «-. Buckle your seatbelt.
text: The girl's face is tight with tension as she extends
text: her strap and latches it into the niche.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: «-»- Do mine.
text: Frightened and fidgety, she reaches over and secures
text: his belt.
text: Jim shifts straight up to fifth gear. A RACING SURGE
text: OF THE V-8 ENGINE and the supercharged car sears off so
text: sensationally fast the two occupants suck in their
text: breath. Halsey jockeys his way through the cars. He
text: swoops in and out of traffic, soaring from lane to
text: lane. The speedometer needle swivels up to 110 m.p.h.
text: The SIRENS are growing LOUDER.
text: The kid reaches into his jacket and drags out the .357
text: Magnum. He drops it on the dashboard.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I don't think I'll be able to
dialog: drive and work the gun at the same
dialog: time. Do you know how to fire a
dialog: pistol?
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: I'm not going to shoot anybody.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Aim for the tires.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 44
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 44
text: Two Highway Patrol black and whites blast over the
text: blacktop behind the backshield. Jim angles his head
text: out the open window. At this speed, the violence and
text: velocity of the wind nearly beheads him. He looks out
text: long enough to see one of the police cars take the lead
text: of its brother, advancing on the left.
text: Over the HOWL OF THE WIND can be heard the voice of one
text: of the Highway Patrolemn, METALICALLY STATIC over the
speaker_heading: MEGAPHONE.
speaker_heading: TROOPER (V.O.)
dialog: We are ordering you to stop! If
dialog: you ignore this warning, you will
dialog: be shot down!
text: The kid looks over his shoulder to see the squad car
text: keeping perfect pace alongside. The passenger door is
text: so close he could reach out and touch it. A bald
text: Trooper is aiming a sawed-off shotgun at point-blank
text: range, resting his elbow on the base of the window for
dialog: a brace.
text: Halsey spins the steering wheel hand over hand and
text: smashes the police car sideways. The skinhead Trooper
text: is slammed into his partner at the wheel. Jim watches
text: as the patrol car goes out of control, sideswiping the
text: aluminum divider and slipsliding around the road. It
text: recovers and resumes its pursuit. The second squad car
text: drifts to the right and comes into alighnment.
text: The THIN BLAST OF A SHOTGUN. The backshield is blown
text: out in a hailstorm of tinted glass granules that hurri-
text: cane into the front seat. Galveston covers her head
text: and screams.
text: A SECOND BLAST. The trunk door flies open, peppered
text: with buckshot.
text: A THIRD BLAST. The trunk gate disappears.
text: BRANNNNG! It comes crashing down on the hood, flopping
text: over the windshield.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I can't see!
text: The wind sweeps the obstruction off.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44
dialog: 
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 44
text: The Highway Patrol black and whites fan out, approach-
dialog: ing one on each side. :
text: Jim snatches the .357 Magnum off the dash, tossing it
text: in Gal's lap.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Use it! We're in trouble!
text: Sobbing she rolls down her window. Galveston bears the
text: huge hog pistol in both her slender little hands, frig-
text: id with fear. Squinting, she points it in the general
text: direction of the squad car on her right side. Shutting
text: her eyes and wincing, she squeezes the trigger.
text: CRACKAKABOOM! The handgun's potent kick lashes her
text: back into her seat. The shot goes wild.
text: The first police car maneuvers alongside the stolen
text: one. dim ducks as the bald Trooper FIRES a cloud of
text: PELLETS. The hood is blown clean off in a flash of
text: sparks. A smoke screen of steam enshrouds the wind-
text: shield. Jim wheels his car inwards and sideslams the
text: attacking auto. The other car is smashed into the
text: metal divider. Halsey batters it again and again.
text: THREE SHOTGUN BLASTS in rapid-fire succession from the
dialog: right.
text: The rear side window spiderwebs.
text: The back fender drops away.
text: The roof curls like a sardine can.
text: Goosed, Galveston grits her teeth and sticks the .357
text: Magnum out the window again. She squeezes off five
text: slugs in quick sequence. KABOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
speaker_heading: BOOM!
text: The police car keeps coming, not even fazed.
text: The wind blows the pistol out of her hands.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: I dropped the gun!
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: You what?!
text: The twin black and whites close in for the kill, sand-
text: wiching the commandeered cop car on both sides.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 44
text: The girl looks over, white with fright, to see a blond
text: Trooper struggling to aim his shotgun over his part-
text: ner's hands on the wheel. The kid turns his head to
text: face the car beside him. He looks up the smoking bar-
text: rel of a loaded .410.
text: SHOTGUN BLAST. Muzzle flash.
text: The buckshot shears Jim's door off at the hinges. It
text: falls away. Halsey's exposed body is whiplashed by the
scene_heading: ROARING WINDS.
text: The Highway Patrol car on the right edges up and the
text: blond Trooper locks them in his sights. The Highway
text: Patrol car on the left holds its position. The bald
text: Trooper draws a bead on Jim's unshielded and vulnerable
dialog: figure.
text: The kid flattens the brake pedal. TRANSMISSION SHRIEK
text: and the SCREECH of shorn-off TIRE RUBBER. Jim and Gal
text: are tossed forward like rag dolls. The seat belts snap
text: tension, saving them from being catapulted through the
dialog: windshield.
text: The twin black and whites open FIRE on a car that was
text: in between them but suddenly isn't. The autos are both
text: on the receiving end of each other's lead shot. The
text: storm of pellets peppers their front tires, ripping
text: them to rubber ribbons. Both cars suddenly ride on raw
text: rims and spin out of control.
text: The police car on the right careens over the embankment
text: and becomes airborne. It nosedives onto the hillside
text: and rolls top over tail down the slope.
text: The police car on the left crashes into the divider and
text: flips onto the broken white lines in the center of the
text: blacktop. Steaming emission from under the overturned
text: and crumpled hood.
text: The stolen squad car sits stationary, a ruined wreck.
text: The kid and the girl lie back, gasping.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: Yeah. Yeah.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5) 44
text: They look at each other with anxious alarm at the
text: wreckage they have wrought. The kid reaches to the
text: dangling key ring and switches on the ignition. The
text: FNGINE CHOKES. It COUGHS. It CHOXES again, then it
text: SPUTTERS on. He shifts to first and gently gives the
text: car some gas. The vehicle shudders forward shakily.
text: The two people roll to the scene of the smashup. Gas,
text: glass and mashed mangled metal litter the blacktop.
text: Jim and Galveston have lumps in their throats as they
text: chance a glance over the embankment at the patrol car
text: set on its side on the slope. The two Troopers are
text: alive and in shock, stunned and stumbling along the
text: hillside.
text: The kid and the girl breathe a sigh of relief and turn
text: to look at the overturned squad car. The bald Trooper
text: clambers out. He drags his partner, grimacing and
text: glaring at the boy, too weak and wounded to do anything
dialog: about it.
text: Galveston applies a shear strip to a gash on Jim's brow
text: from a box of Band-Aids in the glove compartment.
text: Halsey shrugs apologetically at the Trooper, grabs the
text: canister and chucks it to him. The cop catches the
text: Band-Aids and pitches a surly stare in return. The kid
text: gives the stolen squad car some gas and the auto starts
dialog: covering ground.
text: Halsey pumps the gas pedal and floors it. The savaged
text: car shivers and shimmies. It is not well. It is
text: having trouble maintaining a steady speed of 40 MPH.
text: Gal looks over her shoulder. She puts her face in her
text: hands and starts weeping. Jim checks the rearview
text: mirror. Reflected are a sea of sparkling red and white
text: pinpoints of light. An armada of Highway Patrol cars
text: are approaching in the distance.
text: The kid pounds on the gas pedal and punches the
text: steering wheel in frustration.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: C'mon! Go! Gol
text: Something appears in the sky up ahead. Jim snaps to
text: attention when he sees it. A black dot. A Bell Jet
text: chopper with the insignia of the Texas Rangers on the
text: side. A little flash.
text: PTAAAAAAAANK! A fist-sized hole is punched in the
text: carburetor.
text: A second flash.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (6) 44
text: CRRRRAAAASHHH! A windshield cobwebs. The crater is
text: carved out of the vinyl upholstery an inch from Jim's
text: ear. He cries out.
text: CRRRRAAAANNNNKSSSSSHHNK! A third SHOT blows the
text: windshield to smithereens. The 30.06 shell RICOCHETS
text: around the interior of the car. Galveston puts her
text: arms over her head and screams.
text: Halsey looks over his shoulder to see the platoon of
text: patrol cars rising on the road to his rear in a flare
text: of slashing red light. He looks through the smashed
text: windshield to see the black hornet of a helicopter dip
text: its gleaming glass dome of a nose and divebomb his
text: car. Jim reaches his hand over and pushes Gal's head
text: down as he ducks.
text: KAPOW! KAPOW! The headrests of the two front seats
text: explode in showers of stuffing. A shadow crosses the
text: interior of the car as the chopper speeds over the roof
text: in a BUZZSAW of ROTOR BLADES Halsey sits up in the
text: seat, staring all around him. The helicopter is no-
text: where to be seen, but the ROARING WHIRR of its ROTORS
text: is all over the place. Whiplashing WINDS assault the
text: two people inside the car. Jim has his hand on
text: Galveston's head and holds it there.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Stay down!
text: The kid looks into the rearview mirror to see the
text: shiny, steely windshield dome of the helicopter
text: reflected as it lowers itself into position behind the
text: car. A firecracker flash.
text: The rearview mirror is obliterated in sharp splinters
text: of glass by a slug.
text: The kid looks over his shoulder to see that the chopper
text: is out of sight. The ROTOR ROAR rips the air. A
text: RIFLESHOT shears through the metal roof of the car like
text: a spike. Jim jumps out of the way as the parking brake
text: between the seats is blown to bits. Halsey's eyes come
text: out of his head as he sees the helicopter swoop, sink
text: and settle alongside the car, the landing struts sev-
text: eral feet away from the window. The glint of sunlight
text: on the co-pilot's gunbarrel.
text: The kid jam himself back in his seat and spins the
text: steering wheel, swishing his car sideways. The roof of
text: the automobile strikes the struts of the chopper and
text: sends the aircraft into a WHIRRING, WHIZZING spinout.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (7) 44
text: The helicopter weaves and wobbles and slipslides across
text: the sky as it tries to stay airborne. It swings up in
text: front of the automobile and tilts its nose down,
text: angling its propellers to gain altitude and to batter
text: the two people inside the car with the wind from the
text: rotor blades.
text: Amid the chaos, the familiar SNORT of a familiar EN-
text: GINE. The black pickup truck lumbers up alongside.
text: The Hitcher's hand extends out the driver's window, a
text: +357 Magnum clenched in his fist. The kid cowers. The
text: gun is not pointed in his direction. It targets the
text: bird of prey helicopter. Six GUNSHOTS RING OUT as
text: Ryder pumps a pistol load into the aircraft.
text: The truck hurtles on and disappears.
text: Jim squints through the shattered windshield, his hair
text: and clothes blown about by the RUSHING WIND. Loud and
text: clear are the SOUNDS OF A HELICOPTER IN DISTRESS.
text: Halsey sees the chopper zig-zagging across the sky,
text: smoke funneling out of its rear rotor. It goes into a
text: tailspin.
text: The kid looks over his shoulder to see the cavalry of
text: cop cars closing in a quarter-mile behind. As he
text: watches, the HELICOPTER CRASHES on the center of the
text: highway. It EXPLODES in boiling balls of fire and
text: billowing clouds of smoke. Fiery debris rains down.
text: No police cars are about to drive through the inferno.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Gal. We got away.
text: Galveston has her face in her hands, shivering in shock.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (7) 44
text: Flaming licks and smoking sparks shoot out of the rav-
text: aged engine. Anxiously, Jim swerves the car to the~
text: shoulder of the road and stops. He throws on the emer-
text: gency brake and unbuckles his seat belt.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: C'mon, Gal. Let's split.
text: She just sits there. He climbs out of the decimated
dialog: door frame onto --
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 10 EAST - DAY 45
text: He hurries around the other side and heaves open her
text: door. Unlatching her strap, he hauls the limp young
text: lady out of her seat. Heaping her against him, he
text: helps her up the highway side.
text: The bullet-ridden and burning BLACK AND WHITE BLOWS SKY
text: HIGH in a pillar of fire and smoke.
text: He walks with her along the roadside. A regulation
text: road marker set in the cement by the guard rail. "Gas/
text: Food/Lodging 1/4 Mile." The kid stumbies with the girl
text: in the direction of the access road stretching off the
dialog: Interstate.
scene_heading: EXT. "GASLAND" - DAY 46
text: A settlement of fueling stations on the frontage road.
text: The depots have luminescent logos perched atop 100 foot
text: high pinions advertising "Shell," "Exxon," "Texaco,"
dialog: "BP" and "FasGas."
text: A two-story motel surrounded by unoccupied tractor-
text: trailer eighteen-wheelers. A sign perched atop a pole
dialog: -- "White's Truckstop & Restaurant."
text: Jim Halsey shambles into the parking lot with the
text: barely coherent girl clinging to his shoulders. The
text: kid slumps to the registration office with his last bit
dialog: of strength.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM $13 - "WHITE'S TRUCKSTOP" - DAY 47
text: A comfy, carpeted suite decorated in baby blue. A twin
text: bed with neat sheets and pillow cases. A dresser and a
text: television set on a stand with a remote switcher set on
dialog: top.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 47
text: The SOUND OF A KEY TURNING IN THE LOCK. The door opens.
text: The kid stumbles in with the girl, holding her up with
text: an arm around her waist. He drops her on the bed and
text: she lies there in a heap. He shuts the door and locks
text: it with the key. Barely able to stand on his feet, he
text: slides his leather jacket off his shoulders and slings
text: it over the teievision console. The remote switcher is
text: knocked onto the carpet. He collapses on the mattress.
text: Jim and Galveston are sound asleep in seconds.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM #13 - NIGHT (LATER) 48
text: THROUGH THE CURTAINS, out of the window, the illumi-
text: nated gas station signs beam brightly in the blackness
text: of the night. A table lamp on a bedstand casts the two
text: sleeping bodies on the bed in a warm and cozy glow.
text: The kid stirs in his slumber. Still asleep, he rolls
text: over and puts an arm around the girl's shoulders. She
text: doesn't awaken but she responds to his warmth and curls
text: up against him. He pulls her close and she clings to
text: his back with her hands. The two fit together like a
text: soft glove and, in sleep, seek relief in the sanctuary
text: of each cther's bodies. Snoozing, their faces touch,
text: their lips brush and they breathe each other's breath.
text: Jim and Galveston gently kiss. She touches her fingers
text: to the back of his neck and runs her hands down his
text: shoulders. He caresses her bosom beneath her clothes.
text: He works open the buttons of her dungaree shirt. Her
text: breasts jiggle free. He squeezes them and suckles her
text: nipples. She sighs and her smile seems to wipe the
text: anxiety off her face. She rummages her fingers through
text: his hair as his hand ventures down her belly to the
text: snap of her blue jeans. SNAP. He ZIPS down her fly
text: and insinuates his fingers in under her panties at the
text: crotch. She rolls her head from side to side. She
text: takes hold of his hand softly and gently removes it
text: from between her legs. He looks up into her face and
text: smiles. She smiles back.
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: I want to take a shower.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I'll run it.
text: Jim gets off the bed and struts to the door of the
dialog: bathroom.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 48
speaker_heading: GAL
dialog: I'll be right in.
text: Halsey opens the door and walks into --
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - MOTEL ROOM #13 - NIGHT 49
text: The kid pulls his perspiration-stained undershirt over
text: his head and slam-dunks it into the waste bin. He
text: reaches behind the curtain into the shower stall and
text: turns the hot water knob. Steaming jets of water blast
text: out. The NOISE is deafening. The room begins to fog
text: up. Jim wets his hands and splashes his face and chest.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: c'mon, Gal!
text: He pokes his head out into the doorway into -~
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM #13 - NIGHT 50
text: The front door is wide open.
text: John Ryder has Galveston's head jerked back at an un-
text: natural angle by a handful of her hair. His switch-
text: blade knife is laid against her throat. She is too
text: scared to scream.
text: Halsey cries out and jumps into the room.
text: Ryder resembles the Grim Reaper in his black raincoat
text: and skeleton shape as he rears up over the struggling
text: girl he restrains so brutally. His coyote face is
text: grimly set and his bullet eyes are afire with psycho-
dialog: sis.
text: His forearm muscles flex to cut Gal's head off.
text: Jim's gaze chances on the television remote switcher on
text: the carpet by his foot. He injects the "power" button
text: with his big toe.
text: The Sony Trinitron 24-Inch Diagonal flashes ON at FULL
text: VOLUME behind Ryder.
text: Jolted, Ryder glances over his shoulder for a critical
dialog: instant.
text: The kid dives over the bed and tackles the psycho,
text: dragging him to the floor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 50
text: Halsey seizes Ryder by the throat and smashes his head
text: through the glass screen of the television console. _
scene_heading: The SET IMPLODES in a FLASHBULB POP. ELECTRIC CRACK-
text: LING BUZZ as SPARKS SIZZLE out the back of the unit.
text: Ryder shrieks and screams as his face is fried with
text: high-voltage electricity. His body spasms spastically
text: in Jim's firm and merciless grip. The kid yanks
text: Ryder's head out of the gaping hole in the TV and drops
text: him on the carpet.
text: Ryder's face is charred and crisped. Transistors and
text: chinks of glass confetti his cheeks and his hair is
text: burned off his scalp in spots. Blood dribbles out the
text: corner of his mouth. A bubble pops on his lips. Res-
dialog: piration.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I got you.
text: Jim cracks the knuckles of his fists. He sees the .357
text: Magnum in Ryder's belt strap in a gleam of chromium
text: steel. He bends down and extracts it. To be sure, he
text: opens the cylinder with practiced ease and checks to
text: see if it's loaded. Six copper cartridge casings.
text: Halsey spins it shut. He picks up the switchblade and _
dialog: pockets it.
text: Jim looks at Galveston. She is crammed in the corner
text: of the room with her arms covering her bare bosom,
text: watching him wide-eyed. He puts the revolver in his
text: belt and puts out his arms to her.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Come here.
text: Galveston starts to sob. She runs into Jim's arms and
text: he embraces her, hugging her hard. She has her head on
text: his shoulder and he has tears in his eyes.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: --. It's all over. We're gonna be
dialog: alright. I'm gonna turn his ass
dialog: into the police and it's all gonna
dialog: get sorted out. I gotta call the
dialog: cops.
text: The kid strokes the girl's hair. He walks to the tele-
text: phone on the dresser and picks up the receiver. He
text: gets an outside line and dials "911."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 50
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 50
text: Gal sits down on the bed and looks at the skeletal
text: scarecrow of John Ryder sprawled on the carpet, his
text: scorched head steaming. She shakes her head, staring
text: at him like she would at some strange animal who has
text: been subdued and is safe to see. Jim gets the police
text: on the line.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hello, police? Put someone in
dialog: charge on the phone. Sergeant,
dialog: this is Jim Halsey. Got a pencil?
dialog: I want to leave a message for
dialog: Captain Eszterhas. This is what I
dialog: want you to write. I'm giving
dialog: up. I'm at the White's Truckstop
text: off of Interstate Highway Ten.
dialog: I'm in room number thirteen and
dialog: I'm not armed. Got it? Get it to
dialog: him.
text: The kid hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: They'll be here in a few minutes.
text: Jim runs his hands through his hair. He squints at the
text: outside lock latch of the open door. Something is
text: stuck in the tumbler. Halsey walks over to the door
text: and pries out a prong resembling a serrated file. A
text: jimmie pick. He looks it over and slips it in the side
text: of his right sneaker.
text: Jim checks his watch and crosses the room. Halsey gets
text: down on one knee beside the body of John Ryder on the
text: floor. He draws out the .357 Magnum and looks over the
text: maimed man, leaning in a little too close.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: .-. Is he still alive?
text: The Hitcher's fist pistons a punch into the kid's
text: throat. Jim's eyes go out of focus and he drools,
text: dazed and dizzy. The psycho claps his hands on
text: Halsey's ears with eardrum-bursting force. The young
text: man's eyes roll up in their sockets and the pistol
text: drops out of his hand. He wilts like a limp rag doll
text: onto the carpet.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 50
text: John Ryder rises to a sitting position, stuffing the
text: gun in his belt. He shoots a searing stare at
text: Galveston, in a state of shock on the bed. The girl
text: screams and runs for the open door. The Hitcher has
text: the speed of a spectral spirit as he soars to his feet
text: and slams his back against the door, shutting it sound-
text: ly. He rips the .357 Magnum from his belt and holds it
text: at his hips on Galveston. An overturned table lamp
text: sheds his skeletal silhouette up the wall and across
text: the ceiling, his black raincoated shadow like a gigan-
text: tic bat folding the girl in its wings.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Back, bitch.
text: Galveston's pupils are dilated with fear as she shrinks
text: from him step by step. She has her hands on her mouth
text: as she stuffs herself in the corner of the room.
text: The Hitcher advances several steps and stands over the
text: out-cold body of the kid slumped on the floor. He
text: stares down at the boy, the scorched skin on his face
text: smoking, his eyes burning with psychosis. He seems in
text: a state of severe anxiety, splitting apart at the
text: seams, his finger rubbing a slick sheen of sweat on the
text: trigger of the pistol in his hand.
text: John Ryder turns his head like a gun turret to regard
text: the girl squeezed in the corner, shuddering, scared
text: spitless. Something stirs in his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM #13 - NIGHT 51
text: Jim Halsey comes to. He puts his hands on his aching
text: ears and opens his eyes. Coming to his senses, he sits
text: up and looks around.
text: The room is empty.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Galveston!
text: The kid jumps to his feet and takes off out the open
text: door into the dark, dank night air.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH - NIGHT 52
text: Jim is in a state. He runs around in circles, scouting
text: all around him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 52
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Galveston!
text: The parking lot at the front of the motel is terrify-
text: ingly dark. The titanic tractor-trailer eighteen-
text: wheelers sit there like slumbering behemoths.
text: Halsey runs along the porch calling the girl's name.
text: He dashes around the corner of the two-story structure
dialog: onto --
scene_heading: EXT. BACK LOT - “WHITE'S TRUCKSTOP" ~ NIGHT 53
text: The kid sees it and it stops him dead in his tracks.
text: The black pickup truck's sheeny metallic finish glints
text: in the ink and oil night. It's ENGINE is PERCOLATING.
text: Red taillights like smouldering coals shed a sinister
text: light on Galveston.
text: The girl's hands are cuffed together at the wrist and
text: cuffed to the rear bumper. Her feet are cuffed to-
text: gether at the ankles and cuffed to a heavy iron pole
text: ledged in the cement. The tension on her body is tor-
text: tuously taut between the two braces. Her limbs are
text: stretched in their sockets. Her dungaree shirt is
text: stuffed in her mouth to smother her screams.
text: Jim stands like a statue.
text: He can see through the back window of the cab of the
text: truck. Reflected in the rearview mirror, cast in the
text: ghoulish green glow of the dashboard lights, are the
text: Hitcher's eyes. Two bullets drilling into his skull.
text: The passenger door of the cab is pushed open with a
text: SQUEAK. An invitation.
text: Halsey walks across the gravel ground of the lot to the
text: door. Weakly, he climbs up the running board and steps
dialog: into --
scene_heading: INT. CAB - BLACK PICKUP TRUCK - NIGHT 54
text: John Ryder glares at him, his drippingly disfigured
text: face gruesome in the gangrenous green glow. Jim Halsey
text: sits in the seat shaking all over, afraid to move a
dialog: muscle.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 54
speaker_heading: RYDER -,
dialog: So what are you gonna do?
text: The Hitcher's transistor radio voice is garbled and
text: gurgling from the blood in his throat.
text: The kid just sits there, paralyzed with fear.
text: Ryder nudges with his jaw to indicate the chromium .357
text: Magnum resting on the dashboard in between them.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: .s. It's loaded up. Go for it.
text: Jim doesn't go near it.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... Go ‘head. Maybe you'll be
dialog: able to put a bullet in me before
text: I step on the gas and separate
dialog: your girl at the panty line.
text: Halsey shudders at the thought. Bis teeth start to
text: chatter. He makes no move for the gun.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You're thinking, “even if I grab
text: the gun and shoot him before he
text: pushes down the gas pedal, his
dialog: foot will still come off the brake
dialog: and the truck will roll a foot
dialog: before I can press it down again."
dialog: Ain't that what you're thinking?
text: Jim nods meekly.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... So what you need is a head
dialog: start. You won't have to grab for
dialog: it, I'll let you hold it on me.
text: Pick up the pistol.
text: Halsey is frozen.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Pick up the pistol!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 54
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 54
text: The Hitcher's hand shimmies the stick shift in its
text: transmission slot. Scared shitless, the kid takes the
text: handgun off the dashboard. -
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ee. Put it in my face. I said
text: point it right between my eyes.
text: Jim takes hold of the cannon with both hands. He
text: levels it with the long silver barrel point blank in
text: Ryder's face, the black hole of the muzzle an inch from
text: the cleft of his brows. Halsey's arms are goose-
text: pimpled and wet with sweat, his face is soaked with
dialog: perspiration. He's got the shakes.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: «+. Squeeze the trigger.
text: Their eyes are locked. The kid's face is a portrait of
text: psychic torture -- the Hitcher's is impassive, hideous.
text: Jim's forefinger rubs on the trigger but he can't seem
text: to squeeze it. His body is as rigid as a rock. His
text: systems have shut down. The scarifying situation has
text: set him in rigor mortis.
text: Ryder's mouth deforms into a disgusted grimace. He
text: opens his hand and pries the .357 Magnum from Halsey's
text: grasp. He holds the revolver by the barrel, with the
text: handle out, wielding it like a hammer.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You zero. After all the work I
dialog: put in on you. You waste.
text: The Hitcher clubs the handle of the handgun down onto
text: the kid's groin. Very hard. Jim screams his lungs
text: out, drooping drunkenly, passing out from the pain.
text: As consciousness deserts him, all SOUNDS BECOME DIS-
text: TORTED; the SNARL OF THE ENGINE; the SHRIEK OF TIRE
text: RUBBER; the GIRL'S SCREAM that is cut off so quickly;
text: the CALLIOPE OF POLICE SIRENS. As his vision becomes
text: liquid and watery, it becomes a wet blur of pulsing red
text: and white light.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 54
text: Then it fades to black.
text: Things become white, sterile and antiseptic. Figures
text: like clean ghosts move to and fro. Clarity returns and
dialog: everywhere are things medical.
speaker_heading: DOCTGR (0.S.)
text: He's coming around.
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY - HIGHWAY PATROL HEADQUARTERS BUILDING 55
speaker_heading: - NIGHT
text: Jim Halsey comes to. Groggily, he opens his eyes to
text: blink, blinded at his bright white surroundings. He is
text: lying on a cot. His torso is naked and the abrasions
text: have been washed and disinfected with peroxide. He is
text: still in his stained Levi's.
text: Gold badges gleam. Officers and officials of the
text: police and justice departments stand around scerutiniz-
text: ing him and speaking amongst each other. Doctors and
text: nurses are interspersed with them. White smocks and
text: aprons amid blue uniforms, black suits and ties.
text: Medics and orderlies move around carts and fetch hospi-
text: tal supplies. Two sunglassed federal agents are doing
text: sentry duty by the door.
text: The mountainous, monocled Texas Ranger CAPTAIN
text: ESZTERHAS is looming over the cot. His expression is
text: dreadful. He holds his Stetson hat in his hands on his
text: landslide girth.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: I'm Captain Henry Eszterhas. I
dialog: can't tell you how sorry I am,
dialog: son.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Where am I?
text: Jim tries to sit up but gasps in pain. Touching his
text: hands tenderly to his crotch. The police commander
text: puts a strong hand on his shoulder and softly eases him
text: down onto his back, keeping his hand there.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: You're in the infirmary of the
dialog: Highway Patrol headquarters
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 55
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS (CONT'D)
dialog: You've been unconscious for
dialog: hours. This was partly due to a
dialog: hard blow to your privates, partly
dialog: due to psychological shock. Can
dialog: you remember anything about the
dialog: last few hours?
text: Jim is quiet and lost in himself, like he's amnesiac
dialog: about the last few hours and can't remember a thing.
text: His eyes light up.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Where's Galveston?
text: He searches the police commander's face for an answer,
text: in all forgetfulness. A look of suffering in the man's
text: world-weary eyes suggests that for all he's seen and
dialog: been through, he would rather not go into details.
text: Remembrance returns to Halsey like a set of molar and
text: incisor teeth chewing on his brain. His body convulses
text: and contracts. He lets out a scream of such raw horror
text: and revulsion the police and justice men screw up their
text: faces in pain and syapathy and the nurse covers her
text: ears. The Texas Ranger bears himself up and seizes the
text: kid by the shoulders.
text: Halsey will not be sedated. Jim's torso quakes volcan-
text: icly. Foaming lickspittle froths his mouth. His fing-
text: ers curl into crushing claws. Captain Eszterhas has to
text: restrain him with the help of a PATROLMAN.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Gggggggrrraaaaaaggggggghhhhhhh!
dialog: Where's Ryder? Where is he? Let
dialog: me get my hands on him! I'11 rip
text: his stomach open and tear out his
dialog: guts and stuff them down his
dialog: throat and --
text: The police commander slaps him in the face, hard. Jim
text: is silenced and, in a few seconds, sobered.
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: Do you want a straightjacket for
dialog: him, sir?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: I think that's unnecessary.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 55 CONTINUED: (2) 55
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Halsey here is a very strong
dialog: young man who has been under
dialog: abnormal stress. I'm sure he can
dialog: keep his head but I'll ask him.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Yeah. He can. What happened to
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: We have him in custody. As a
dialog: Matter of fact he's in this
text: building. He's under armed guard
dialog: right now... You're cleared of all
dialog: charges, Jim.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I'm cleared of all charges. I'm
dialog: clean. I can walk out the door.
text: He sits up and rubs his aching shoulders and arms.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: I think you should lie down
dialog: awhile. You've had a rough day.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I feel lame laid out here and I
dialog: feel alright. I want to get
dialog: dressed and on my feet. Let me
dialog: get my clothes on.
text: The Texas Ranger nods to the nurse. She fetches the
text: undershirt and the leather motorcycle jacket from a
text: stool and brings it to the kid. Halsey pulls on the
text: sweat-soaked tee-shirt and slides into his coat.
text: Feeling strong and armored again, he stands up.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I could use a cup of coffee and a
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: I'll have them brought to you.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Could I have a minute with you,
dialog: Captain? I got some questions and
dialog: stuff I want to ask you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 55
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: If you will excuse us, gentlemen.
text: The police commander gestures the kid towards the door,
text: signaling the federal agents stationed there to stand
dialog: aside.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN LOBBY - HOUSTON POLICE CENTRAL HEADQUARTERS 56
speaker_heading: - NIGHT
text: Jim Halsey and Captain Eszterhas shove through the
text: swinging doors and walk amidst the traffic of patrolmen
text: and policewomen parading by.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: We don't know. We put his
text: fingerprints and shots through the
dialog: computers and we've come up with
dialog: nothing. No prison record. No
dialog: driver's license. No birth
dialog: certificate. I'm sure we'll come
dialog: up with something, but right now
dialog: we don't know a thing about him.
dialog: They reach the --
scene_heading: INT. REFRESHMENT AREA - MAIN LOBBY - HIGHWAY PATROL 57
scene_heading: HEADQUARTERS BUILDING - NIGHT
text: The police commander inserts a few quarters into the
text: coffee dispenser.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: How do you take your coffee, Jim?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Black.
text: The Texas Ranger presses the approriate buttons and
text: waits as the machine drops a dixie cup and fills it
text: with a cardboard-colored beverage.
text: Jim is limping. A look of uncomfortable curiosity
text: crosses his face. Halsey lifts his right sneaker and
text: presses his finger into the side of the sole, feeling
text: something stuck in his shoe. He realizes what it is.
text: His eyes light up. He sets his sneaker down on the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57
dialog: 
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 57
text: The cop gives the cup of coffee to the kid and lights a
text: Marlboro for him. The young man sips the cheap liquid
text: and smokes, shutting his eyes and stiffening as the
text: caffeine and nicotine seize his system. He opens his
text: eyes and stares at the wall.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: «.. You said the psycho's in the
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
text: In the prison quadrant.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: In a cell?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
text: In a holding tank.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Guards?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
text: He is watched around the clock by
text: eight guards with shotguns.
text: Jim nods to himself and stubs out his cigarette. He
text: looks Captain Eszterhas in the eye.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I want to see him.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: Out of the question.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I got something I want to say to
dialog: hin.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: Forget about it.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: C'mon, Captain -- how ‘bout it?
dialog: You owe me one, don't you think?
text: Captain Eszterhas looks into Halsey's determined face
text: and rolls his eyes heavenward. He turns and goes over
text: to a PD interdepartmental intercom on the wall. He
text: picks up the receiver and dials a number.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 57
text: The kid waits until the police commander's back is to
text: him. He props his sneaker up on a candy dispenser,
text: prying an object out of the side of the shoe and ~
text: putting it in the palm of his hand.
text: The jimmie pick lock tool.
text: Jim slides the serrated file up his shirt sleeve and
text: stands with his hands at his sides as Captain Eszterhas
text: hangs up the intercom receiver and walks up to him.
text: There are serious misgivings on The Texas Ranger
text: Commander's face.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: You have three minutes with him.
dialog: Let's go.
text: The cop turns and heads down the hall towards a bolted
text: iron door to the prison quadrant. The kid follows him.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE CORRIDOR ~- CELLBLOCK SECTOR - HIGHWAY 58
scene_heading: PATROL HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT
text: The police commander and the kid trod down a drab,
text: bland hallway lit by garish, eyesore fluorescent tubes.
text: Captain Eszterhas leads Jim to a room with four shot-
text: gun-toting guards positioned by the door. A picture
text: window sheet of two-way mirror gives a tinted glass
text: view of the interrogation room within the walls. The
text: cop goes over to it and nods his head.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
text: There he is. He can't see us.
text: Halsey walks up and looks through the window.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM ~ HIGHWAY PATROL HEADQUARTERS 59
speaker_heading: - NIGHT
text: A glaring table lamp sheds a stark, stabbing light on
text: the face of John Ryder. His head is swollen and
text: scorched, the skin stitched with thread tracks of su-
dialog: tures and stuck with band-aids.
text: He is clad in his black rubber raincoat and seated ina
text: chair. His wrists are handcuffed on his lap and |
text: shackled to a padlocked steel chain wound around his
dialog: waist.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 59
text: Four guards have rifles leveled on his right side, left
text: side and back. A SERGEANT is standing with one shoe on
text: the seat of the chair, chain-smoking cigarettes and ~
text: stubbing them out on the floor of the coldly bleak,
text: nondescript room.
text: He is looking at the Hitcher, who returns his rough
text: stare with unblinking brute force in his black bullet
text: eyes, a cigarette dangling from his lips.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Where are you from?
text: The psycho sits silently.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Do you have a family?... Do you
dialog: have any surviving relatives?...
dialog: Do you have a job?... Do you have
dialog: a police record?... How old are
dialog: you?... Where were you born?...
dialog: Who are you?...
text: The Hitcher stares in stubborn silence.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE CORRIDOR - HIGHWAY PATROL HEADQUARTERS 60
speaker_heading: - NIGHT
text: Jim Halsey has his eyes riveted on John Ryder in his
text: straightjacket, chained to his solid steel seat. He
text: takes a step to the window. Captain Eszterhas squints,
text: scrutinizing the kid. He looks through the two-way
text: mirror to see the Sergeant sit down on his chair with
text: the back-rest between his legs.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: What is your name?
text: Ryder regards the police officer in stony, staring
text: silence. Jim mouths the words, “John Ryder" under his
text: breath. The Texas Ranger commander furrows his brow.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - HIGHWAY PATROL HEADQUARTERS 61
scene_heading: BUILDING - NIGHT
text: The Hitcher revolves his head to look at his reflection
text: in the sheeny surface of the mirror on the wall. His
text: subhuman eyes shine like an animal that can see in the
text: dark. His scabrous, ruptured mouth shows all his teeth
text: in a skeletal grin like a throat cut from ear to ear.
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: 62A
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE CORRIDOR - HIGHWAY PATROL HEADQUARTERS 62
scene_heading: BUILDING - NIGHT
text: The kid shivers to his socks. John Ryder sees him
text: somehow through the mirrored glass, staring him
text: straight in the eye.
text: Jim stands his ground and returns the savage stare, his
text: eyes sure and strong. Halsey chews his tongue and
text: points his forefinger like a pistol at his archenemy,
text: snapping his thumb like a hammer, whispering the sound
text: of a shot. The Hitcher winks at him.
text: Captain Eszterhas' skin starts to crawl as he watches
text: the strange acknowledgment that passes between the two
text: men. For a second it is as if he realizes that the war
text: between them is superhuman, almost supernatural.
text: He puts his hand on the doorknob and points his finger
text: in the kid's face.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: If you lay a hand on him, you will
dialog: be locked up. Are we understood?
text: Jim nods, preoccupied. Captain Eszterhas opens the
text: door to the interrogation room. Halsey takes 4 deep
text: breath and walks into --
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - HIGHWAY PATROL HEADQUARTERS 62A
scene_heading: BUILDING - NIGHT
text: The police commander slams the door shut.
dialog: The kid sucks wind.
text: The Hitcher is standing on his feet, his handcuffed
text: wrists shackled to the padlocked chain wrapped around
text: his waist. There is an aura of darkness and black air
dialog: about him so thick you could cut it with a knife. He
text: locks eyes with the kid and his contorted cavity of a
text: mouth disfigures into something like a smile.
text: The four guards post themselves in the corners of the
text: bleak, nondescript room. They hold their shotguns
text: across their chests, ready to use them in an instant.
text: A GUARD addresses Ryder.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: If you so much as blink the wrong
dialog: way, we'll blow your legs out from
dialog: under you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 62A
dialog: 63
dialog: 
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 62A
text: They kid walks up to the Hitcher. Face to face with a
text: foot of space. Jim's gaze is raw, bloodthirsty.
text: Ryder's is reptilian, alien.
text: Halsey offers his hand. His face is hard and tough.
text: The guards fidget, whisper. Ryder raises his bound
text: wrists. He returns the unusually potent handshake he
dialog: receives.
text: The jimmie pick lock tool is sent shooting up the
text: Hitcher's raincoat sleeve out of the kid's jacket cuff.
text: The transaction goes unnoticed by the authorities.
text: Ryder's eyes widen in surprise, and he stares into
text: Jim's sure and steady eyes with astonishment. For the
text: first time, it's he who is at a disadvantage. A
text: crooked smile cracks his split scar of a mouth. A dead
dialog: giveaway.
text: Halsey works up a wet gob of spit and spats the saliva
text: into Ryder's face.
text: Captain Eszterhas steps forward and tugs the young man
text: back by the elbow.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: I think that's quite enough. This
dialog: meeting is concluded. It was a
dialog: bad idea in the first place.
text: The police commander accompanies Jim to the door.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: I'll be seeing you, kid.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: You can say that again.
text: The kid is led out the door by the Texas Ranger
text: Commander who closes it behind them.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY PATROL HEADQUARTERS BUILDING ~ NIGHT 63
text: The first faint blue rays of daylight fall on the squat
text: brick building complex in the lonely cool before dawn.
text: The parking lot in front of the main entrance doors
text: leads to an access ramp onto the thin black thread of
text: Interstate Highway 10. The darkened desertscape is a
text: black smudge against the blacker sky.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 63
text: Jim Halsey stands smoking a cigarette beside Captain
text: Eszterhas on the cement pavement in front of the main
text: entrance doors. The two of them are looking ata _
text: gunmetal grey, armoured, iron-clad prison bus parked by
text: the door to the prison quadrant of the building. The
text: transport carrier is like a fortress on wheels. The
text: windows are cages, bars and steel slits on them. The
text: massive, menacing vehicle is sitting with its ENGINE
text: RUMBLING, exhaust puffing out of its pipe.
text: The bolted, pole-locked door to the cellblock sector is
text: opened and five guards with riot helmets step outside
text: into the morning air. They assume sentry position
text: against the wall with shotguns in their hands.
text: Four policemen with rifles walk out in single file.
text: The Hitcher, in black raincoat, his wrists cuffed and
text: padlocked to the chain on his waist, is sandwiched
text: between them. The kid is watching him like a hawk.
text: The driver pistons open the hydraulic rear door of the
text: bus. John Ryder is walked up to the stairwell leading
text: into a solitary steel cell in the back compartment of
text: the transport carrier. He stands still and turns his
text: head to look at Jim Halsey standing thirty feet away on
dialog: the sidewalk. ”
text: The kid and the Hitcher lock eyes. The young man
text: winks. The psychopath squints.
text: John Ryder gets a gun barrel in the small of his
text: back. He has a small smile on his face as he climbs up
text: the steps of the stairwell into the steel cell,
text: alone. The driver secures the door behind him and
text: shuts the lock with a key in his hand. He walks around
text: to the cab and hoists himself inside. The ENGINE
text: GRINDS into gear and the ten-ton prison bus rolls out
text: in a HISS OF AIR BRAKES.
text: Jim Halsey and Captain Eszterhas watch the tank-like
text: bus lurch onto the acess road. The grey iron transport
text: vehicle with the bars and slots on the windows lumbers
text: out onto the freeway. It drives into the distance and
text: disappears in the dust settling in its wake.
text: The police commander pats the young man on the shoul-
text: der. He walks him across the parking lot towards a
text: Texas Ranger car with a captain's insignia on the side.
text: The cop hands the kid a subpoena pamphlet from the
text: state courthouse. Jim reads it absently while he
dialog: walks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 63
text: Captain Eszterhas unlocks Halsey's door, walking around
text: the hood of the car to unlatch his own. The Texas
text: Ranger commander stuffs his hefty bulk behind the wheel
text: and sticks the keys in the ignition. Jim climbs down
dialog: into --
scene_heading: INT. TEXAS RANGER CAR - NIGHT 64
text: The kid settles into his seat as Captain Eszterhas
text: SWITCHES ON THE ENGINE, shifts into gear and steers out
text: of the lot onto the access ramp. The young man's fea-
text: tures look haggard, battered and haunted in the early
text: traces of morning light. The police commander drives
text: the car onto the freeway in the opposite direction of
text: the departing bus.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: The department has a room reserved
dialog: for you at the Best Western. You
dialog: should get some sleep. You've had
text: a long day.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Yeah, you could say that.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: Something on your mind, son?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: What's going to happen to him?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
text: Right now he's on his way to a
text: holding tank in the Huntsville
dialog: Maximum Security Penitentiary.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: You know what I'm talking about.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: Yes, I guess I do. His trial is
dialog: set for two weeks from today.
dialog: You'll be the star witness and
dialog: your testimony should serve to get
dialog: him committed to a high-security
dialog: sanitarium for the rest of his
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 64
text: The kid looks out the window, seemingly sleepy but
text: secretly awake and aware. He is winding up as he
text: watches the tundra and brush blur by on the side of the
text: road. His face registers a Richter scale reading on
text: the inner disturbance in his guts and intestines.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: You know you won't be able to keep
dialog: him in prison. You know he'll
dialog: break out. You know he'll get
dialog: loose.
text: The Texas Ranger commander turns his head to look at he
text: kid and his eyes are soldered steel.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: You listen and you listen good.
dialog: There's something strange going on
dialog: between the two of you. I don't
dialog: know what it is and I don't know
dialog: if I want to know. I don't like
dialog: it. And I'll warn you. The
text: psycho is in the hands of the
dialog: authorities and whatever happens
dialog: to him will be decided by the
dialog: judicial process. It doesn't have
dialog: anything to do with you.
text: Halsey shrugs his shoulders and stares straight ahead,
text: his mind working.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: You got a cigarette on you?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: Sure.
text: The cop looks down at his breast pocket, reaching to
text: remove his pack. Jim snakes out his hand and snatches
text: the Colt .45 out of the police commander's sideholster,
text: aiming it in a two-hand grip at the man's head.
text: Captain Eszterhas is too slow to stop him. Halsey
text: speaks in a soft whisper.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Stop the car.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: You're not going to use that.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 64
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I can't say for sure that I won't
dialog: shoot you if you don't do what I
dialog: say. Stop the car and don't do 7
dialog: anything stupid.
text: The Texas Ranger's eyes are iron. He sees the kid is
text: talking straight. So he slows down and steers onto the
text: road shoulder, shutting off the ignition and putting on
dialog: the parking brake.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: What do you have in mind?
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I'm going to have to ask you to
text: get out of the car.
text: The police commander sits with his hands on the wheel,
text: looking hard at the kid pointing the pistol in his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: You're going to get killed. If
dialog: you don't die, you'll be
dialog: imprisoned.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: I'm sorry, sir. I really am.
dialog: It's something I gotta do.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS
dialog: You don't know what you're doing.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: We'll see.
text: The cop shakes his head and sighs. He opens the door
text: latch and climbs out onto the roadside.
text: The kid slams the door shut, jams the gun in his belt,
text: positions himself behind the wheel and stomps on the
text: gas pedal. He steers the car in a speeding, SCREECHING
text: TIRE "U" turn and rockets the car back up the road.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD SHOULDER - INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 10 EAST - DAY 65
text: Captain Eszterhas stands in the smokey smog of dust and
text: dirt swirled up by the rapidly receding car.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 65
text: The Texas Ranger commander squints down the road at the
text: shrinking speck of the ‘car. He swears and throws his
text: Stetson hat on the blacktop and broken white lines. He
text: runs his hand through his hair, his face registering
text: the realization that what is going to happen is out of
text: his hands. As he stands in the desert stillness, an
text: acceptance of the situation appears on his features.
text: Captain Eszterhas sighs wearily and picks up his hat.
text: He holds it weakly at his side and surveys his sur-
text: roundings. He's in the middle of nowhere. The cop
text: shakes his head, shrugs and sticks out his thumb.
scene_heading: ‘INT. TEXAS RANGER CAR - DAY 66
text: Dawn is coming on like a freight train. Jim Halsey is
text: sitting in the seat, his hands squarely on the steering
text: wheel, his sneaker stamped on the accelerator. The
text: speedometer needle is climbing past 100 MPH. The car
text: shivers and shakes, rocked by the wind raging through
text: the open window.
text: The kid brushes the hair from his face and gets a grip
text: on the Colt .45 thrust in his belt. He draws it out,
text: gritting his teeth and grinning as he sees something up
text: ahead on the road through the windshield.
text: The gunmetal grey armored prison transport carrier is a
text: quarter of a mile away, the iron-clad rear tailgate
text: curtained in a cloud of dust.
text: Jim shifts gears and slows his speed, decelerating to
text: take position behind the back end of the bus. He BEEPS
text: his horn. The vehicle HONKS its KLAXON in
text: acknowledgement. Halsey ejects the clip of the gun in
text: his hand to see there is a full load of .45 calibre
text: shells. He injects the magazine back into the pistol
text: and lights a cigarette, puffing smoke.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON BUS - DAY 67
text: The rear door of the back compartment of the transport
text: carrier BURSTS OPEN in the rushing air.
text: The Hitcher appears like a black bat in the doorway,
text: his handcuffs hanging open on his wrists, his hair and
text: raincoat flapping furiously in the whipping wind.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 67
text: His black bullet eyes are bloodshot in his scarred
text: skull of a face as he stares at the Texas Ranger car
text: ten yards behind the bus below him. The prong of the
text: lock pick is stuck in the inside tumbler of the door.
scene_heading: INT. TEXAS RANGER CAR - DAY 68
text: Jim Halsey stares in stunned awe at the skeletal scare-
text: crow standing in the doorway of the bus several yards
text: in front of him. The kid snaps out of it, snarls, and
text: raises his Colt .45, attempting to aim a shot through
text: the windshield.
text: John Ryder sees him and his stitched face smiles like
text: an open wound. He propels himself off the back of the
text: bus and plunges through space. His body strikes the
text: windshield of the car and shatters it to smithereens as
text: he slumps into the front seat in sprinkling showers of
text: splintered glass. The kid screams and spins the steer-
text: ing wheel hand over hand, swerving the car ina
text: SCREECHING TIRE arc around the slowing prison transport
text: carrier in front of him. The pistol drops onto the
text: floor by his feet.
text: The Hitcher sits up in the seat in a sea of blood and
text: broken glass. He snatches the sawed-off shotgun from
text: the dashboard rack.
text: The stitches on his scarred, ripped-to-ribbons face
text: hang in tattered strings and a single bloodshot black
text: bullet eye stares down the sight of the shotgun he
text: levels on the side of Halsey's head. His finger is on
dialog: the trigger.
speaker_heading: RYDER
dialog: Hi, kid.
text: Jim braces himself and stomps his foot on the brake
dialog: pedal.
text: The Texas Ranger car slams to a stop. Halsey's head is
text: whiplashed against the steering wheel with stunning
text: force. Ryder shrieks as he is catapulted over the
text: dashboard and out the smashed windscreen onto -~
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 10 WEST - DAY 69
text: The Hitcher is steamshoveled onto the blacktop tarmac
text: and broken white lines with a sickening sound.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 69
text: His shotgun spins away on the road. The psychotic is
text: sprawled and splayed on the hot tar in the rising,
text: rippling waves of heat.
text: The Texas Ranger car sits stationary a short distance
text: away, chunks of stripped, smoking rubber on the road
text: near the skinned tires. Steam wafts up from under the
dialog: hood.
text: John Ryder stirs. He rises to his hands and knees, his
text: fingers stamping bloody handprints on the white lines
text: of the road. In a spaced-out stupor, he stumbles to
text: his feet and staggers towards the sawed-off shotgun
text: sitting in the dirt on the road shoulder.
scene_heading: INT. TEXAS RANGER CAR - DAY 70
text: The kid lies back in his seat, squinting through the
text: windshield to see the skeletal scarecrow silhouette of
text: The Hitcher reaching for his weapon through the wispy
text: steam spewing out of the hood.
text: Jim shakes the sand out of his head and shiveringly
text: picks up the Colt .45 lying at his feet. He gets a
text: good grip on the weapon and rests his wrist against the
text: steering wheel. His eyes refuse to focus as he settles
text: his aim on the shadow in the smoke screen of steam.
text: His finger finds the trigger. The silhouette shape
text: raises its shotgun to its shoulder.
text: Halsey screams his lungs out and squeezes the trigger
text: again and again, using up all the slugs. The FIERY
text: WOOSHES of flame spitting out of the barrel burn away
text: the steam. Jim is smashed back in his seat by the
text: recoil. He sits and stares silently at the sight of
text: John Ryder staggering spastically around the roadway,
text: ruptured rips in his shirt where several shots have
dialog: struck him.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 10 - DAY 71
text: The sun beats down on the back of The Hitcher as he
text: stumbles across the blacktop and broken white lines.
text: The kid watches him breathlessly through the windshield
text: of the stalled-out car as he shuffles to a stop and
text: stands straight with the sawed-off shotgun held in both
text: hands. His bloodshot eyes are both blurry and clear.
text: His body is riddled with bullets but some sick spirit
text: inside him refuses to die, he is staying alive by sheer
dialog: psychosis.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 71
text: John Ryder raises the shotgun and rests the wooden
text: stock against his abdomen, aiming from the waist and
text: swivoting his hips to point the weapon at Jim Halsey
text: sitting in the automobile. He has a ghoulish grin on
dialog: s face.
text: The kid's eyes widen and he switches on the ignition.
text: The car ENGINE ROARS on. The Hitcher snarls and FIRES
text: the sawed-off shotgun, shooting a cartridge and shear-
text: ing a hole through the grillwork of the hood of the
text: car, shattering a headlight in a shower of sparks and
text: glass. The MOTOR SPUTTERS and STALLS, smashed by the
text: shotgun blast.
scene_heading: INT. TEXAS RANGER CAR - DAY 72
text: Jim's face is flushed with adrenalin as he sees Ryder
text: recover from the recoil of the shot and revolve at the
text: waist to aim the weapon at Halsey through the wind-
text: screen. The kid grits his teeth and twists the keys in
text: the ignition, pumping the gas pedal for all he is
dialog: worth.
text: The ENGINE WHINNIES and WHINES. It's not working.
text: Jim ducks down and covers his head with his arms as the
text: psycho COCKS the sawed-off shotgun and SHOOTS a round
text: of shot that splinters a section off the steering wheel
text: and smashes a hole in the stuffing of the seat Halsey
text: is sitting in. The kid rises up straight to see The
text: Hitcher walking towards the car on the road, COCKING
text: the gun and aiming it with the butt resting against his
text: waist, a skeletal grin on his skull face. Jim shrieks
text: and winds the key ring in the ignition slot, summoning
text: a SCRATCHY SQUEALING from the ravaged ENGINE.
text: John Ryder's eyes shine as he laps his chapped lips and
text: FIRES the sawed-off shotgun in a licking tongue of
text: flame. Halsey drops into the passenger seat as the
text: headrest is blasted to bits and the backshield is blown
text: out. The kid sucks in air and sits up in his seat,
text: staring straight into The Hitcher's eyes as the psycho
text: stops walking and stands twenty feet from the car,
text: COCKING the shotgun and aiming it with one arm at the
dialog: automobile.
text: Jim crosses his fingers. Halsey SWITCHES on the igni-
text: tion and slams the stick shift into gear, stomping on
dialog: the accelerator.
text: The MOTOR RAGES on. The Texas Ranger car RIPROARS up
text: the road in a SCREAM of TIRES.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 72
text: For a single split second the eyes of the kid meet the
text: eyes of The Hitcher as the shadow of the advancing
text: automobile fails over his face and the ROAR of the™
text: ENGINE fills his ears. A relieved smile spreads across
text: the psycho's mouth.
text: The bumper of the speeding car surges into the skeletal
text: scarecrow shape of John Ryder, striking him in the
text: stomach at 40 MPH.
text: Jim shouts in satisfaction as the automobile bumps
text: underneath him as it rolls over the bony body beneath
text: the wheels. Halsey stares straight ahead as he steers
text: the car a few more feet and switches off the ignition,
text: putting on the parking brake. The kid shoves open the
dialog: @oor, shouldering out onto --
scene_heading: EXT, INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 10 - DAY 73
text: Jim stands on the hot tarmac in the wet waves of heat.
text: He is a sizzling silhouette against the searing fire-
text: ball of the rising sun in the settling dust.
text: He lights a cigarette and walks along the bloody tire
text: tread marks on the blacktop and broken white lines to
text: the remains cf John Ryder. He stands and stares down
text: at it, testing it with the toe of his sneaker.
text: The Hitcher is definitely dead. No doubt about it.
text: The kid heaves the Colt .45 in his hand into the desert
dialog: as far as he can throw it.
text: The SOUND OF SIRENS shatters the desert silence. Jim
text: looks up the road to see scintillating red sparkles.
text: He walks back to the smoking, steaming automobile,
text: Ealsey climbs up on the hood and sits on it, awaiting
text: the arrival of the authorities.
text: He smokes his cigarette in the sunlight of the day.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: =
speaker_heading: at MERE
dialog: 
dialog: 
