dialog: 
scene_heading: THE MESSENGER: THE STORY OF JOAN OF ARC
dialog: by
dialog: Andrew Birkin
dialog: and
dialog: Luc Besson
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - DOMREMY - DAY
text: FADE UP on ripples on the surface of a puddle. Slow PAN
text: UP: the water becomes placid, and in it we see the
text: reflection of an inverted CROSS on the top of a small
text: church. We move across the little churchyard and in
text: through the open doors.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DOMREMY - DAY
text: Utter simplicity -- stone walls, rough-hewn wooden
text: benches, primitive saints in the stained-glass windows --
text: chickens peck among the straw that covers the earthen
dialog: floor.
scene_heading: INT. CONFESSIONAL BOX - CHURCH - DAY
text: A little wooden grill slides open and the friendly face of
text: the village PRIEST peers at us. He glances about,
text: perplexed.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Is anybody there?
text: A small hand appears -- then the face of a girl aged about
text: 10, peering up at him through the grill. The Priest
text: smiles a trifle wearily.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: You know I'm always happy to see
dialog: you, Jeanne, but to keep coming here
dialog: twice, three times a day...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I need to confess.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: But you already confessed this
dialog: morning...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I need to confess again.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: So... alright. What terrible sin
dialog: have you committed since then that
dialog: can't wait till tomorrow to be
dialog: forgiven?
text: Jeanne climbs up on the prayer-stool to be tall enough to
dialog: look the Priest in the eye.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I saw a poor monk without shoes so I
dialog: gave him some.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: There's no sin in charity, Jeanne.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: They weren't my shoes. Mine were
dialog: too small.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Whose were they?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: My father's.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: I'm sure he'll forgive you.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: He already did, but I want God to
dialog: forgive me too.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Jeanne -- if we were to ask
dialog: forgiveness all the time, we'd spend
dialog: our whole life in church.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Is that bad?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: (perplexed)
dialog: Well no, but... Jeanne, are you
dialog: happy at home?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Oh yes... very.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: And your mother -- everything's fine
dialog: with her?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Oh yes, she's... wonderful.
text: FLASH: we see Jeanne's peasant MOTHER, sitting by the
text: fire, sewing. Their home is little more than a hovel -- a
text: low, dark cave of a place, traversed by a huge beam.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Good, good. And your sister...
dialog: Catherine -- she's still your best
dialog: friend?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Oh yes, my sister's just... she's...
dialog: wonderful.
text: FLASH: Jeanne's sister CATHERINE (18) sits near her
text: mother, spinning wool.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: And what about your other friends...
dialog: you don't like playing with them?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Oh yes, I play with them... lots...
text: FLASH: Jeanne is battling against some reeds with a
text: wooden stick under a full noonday sun. Not far away, a
text: group of kids are in the shadow of a huge tree, playing.
text: One of them watches Jeanne in the distance.
speaker_heading: KID #1
dialog: What's she doing?
speaker_heading: KID #2
dialog: Playing.
dialog: Resume on the Priest.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: So... everything sounds...
dialog: wonderful?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes, it is.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Then... why are you here so often?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I feel safe here. And it's where I
dialog: can talk to him.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Him?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Well, I try and talk to him, but
dialog: mostly he's the one who does the
dialog: talking.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Who is this "he"?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
text: He never says his name.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: What... does he... look like?
text: FLASH: a little boy of 8, sitting on a throne in a
text: clearing in a wood.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Beautiful.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: And what does he say to you?
text: FLASH: the Boy points solemnly at us, but says nothing.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: He says... he says I must be good...
dialog: and help everyone... and take care
dialog: of myself. Do you think he's coming
dialog: from the sky?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Perhaps... but wherever he comes
dialog: from, I think you should listen to
dialog: him, because it sounds like he's
dialog: giving you very good advice.
text: The Priest smiles, and Jeanne beams back at him. He
dialog: blesses her...
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Ego te absolvo, in nomine Patris, et
dialog: Filii, et Spiritus Sancti, Amen.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH & STREAM - DAY
text: Jeanne runs from the little church, the weight of her sins
text: now happily off her shoulders. Her reflection skips
text: across a little stream, then on through a meadow of
text: cowslips and buttercups and up the sloping hillside
dialog: beyond...
scene_heading: EXT. MEADOW & WOOD - DUSK
text: A hazy, summer dusk -- pollen floating in the shimmering
text: air... Jeanne swirls between the high elms, happy and
dialog: carefree -- it's all a little surreal -- are those church
text: bells in the distance? Or cow bells? Or merely the SOUND
dialog: of insects?
text: Jeanne swings round faster and faster, then tumbles over,
text: laughing, and lies on her back. She's dizzy and out of
text: breath. Above her, the clouds seeming to swirl as though
dialog: she were still spinning round...
text: The SOUND of the bells slows down, deepening... Her face
text: moves into shadow. Although not distinguishable as words
text: at this stage, there's an urgent whisper in the wind... a
text: strange echo that will eventually resolve into a call
dialog: "Jeanne...!"
text: Presently Jeanne turns and sees something glinting in the
text: long grass. A SWORD. The background SOUND of the bells
text: grows ominous. A shooting star silently flashes across
text: the sky -- then scores of them. She gets to her feet and
text: picks up the heavy sword. It's growing darker -- colder
text: -- the leaves have turned to autumn brown, now blown about
text: by a gust of wind.
text: Presently she sees a WOLF approaching, slowly but straight
text: toward her -- then two, three -- finally the whole pack.
text: She grips the sword, but can't use it -- too heavy, too
text: frightened. As the wolves approach, she closes her
dialog: eyes...
text: The wolves pass either side of her, as though oblivious to
text: her presence. When she opens her eyes, they have passed,
text: and are now heading along the forest track.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - NIGHT
text: Jeanne follows the wolves along the track. They're
text: heading toward a red glow, visible beyond the trees. The
text: wolves disappear over a ridge, though all we can see for
text: the moment is the red sky beyond. But as Jeanne reaches
dialog: the edge, we move up with her to see...
text: ... her village in the valley below, ablaze.
scene_heading: EXT. DOMREMY VILLAGE - NIGHT
text: Panic -- screams -- crashing timbers -- animals stampeding
text: -- wolves drag corpses from gutted buildings -- and
text: through the midst of the tumult tears Jeanne, still
text: dragging the sword she found. She runs inside a farm
dialog: cottage...
scene_heading: INT. JEANNE'S HOME - NIGHT
text: The low, dark building we saw earlier -- now empty, lit by
text: the fires of the houses on the far side of the street.
text: Jeanne runs in, searching about --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Mother...?
text: No response. She begins to panic -- runs through into a
text: smaller room beyond, calling out --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Catherine?!
text: Suddenly a door swings open and a hand reaches out --
text: Jeanne screams, then turns to see her elder sister,
text: CATHERINE, who's been hiding in a cupboard...
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Jeanne!
text: Catherine embraces her, hugging her in relief --
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Are you alright? Did they hurt you?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No no, I'm fine, really...
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: I was so worried -- we've all been
dialog: looking for you! The English are
dialog: everywhere! O thank you, lord!
text: She hugs her again -- then freezes, hearing the SOUND of
text: horses, the clanking of armor. But Jeanne hasn't heard...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I was in church...
text: Catherine glances about, ears tuned...
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I was talking to the priest, and do
dialog: you know what he said to me?
text: Catherine puts her hand across Jeanne's mouth --
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Shhh... tell me later...
text: She hears the drunken laughter getting closer...
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Quick -- hide in here...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Don't worry about me -- just stay in
dialog: here... and don't move!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: But where are you going to be?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: I'll be right here... I promise.
text: Catherine quickly lifts Jeanne inside the cupboard, locks
text: the door, then turns to confront THREE hefty ruffians
dialog: calling themselves soldiers. The biggest and ugliest has
text: a jet black beard.
speaker_heading: BLACKBEARD
dialog: Now that's what I call booty!
text: Blackbeard turns back to his comrades, who are sharing out
text: a roast chicken between them. Catherine picks up the
text: sword dropped by Jeanne as Blackbeard swaggers up to
dialog: her...
speaker_heading: BLACKBEARD
dialog: A woman with a sword?
dialog: (to his comrades)
dialog: Hey, take a look at this --
dialog: Frenchmen are such cowards that
dialog: they've left all the fighting to
dialog: women!
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: If that's God's will, then so be it!
text: Blackbeard's comrades start tucking into their food,
text: leaving Blackbeard to his pleasure.
speaker_heading: BLACKBEARD
dialog: Fine with me. I love women.
text: He undoes his buckle. From her POV behind the cupboard
text: door, Jeanne can just about see Blackbeard's face through
text: a crack. Catherine raises the heavy sword as Blackbeard
text: advances, then brings it sweeping down. But he intercepts
text: it effortlessly, grasping the blade as though it were a
dialog: twig...
speaker_heading: BLACKBEARD
dialog: Oh... now you've hurt my feeling...
text: He puts his hand around her throat, rips off her little
text: wooden cross, pins her against the door, then, with a
text: lecherous roar, plunges his face on her...
text: Jeanne is terrified. Blackbeard has his tunic down and is
text: attempting to gain entry -- Catherine tries to scream --
text: he slams his hand over her mouth -- she bites it --
text: Blackbeard howls... with laughter. Now his juices are
text: really moving. Catherine squirms against the door,
dialog: twisting and turning --
speaker_heading: BLACKBEARD
dialog: Hold still, bitch. How can I do it
dialog: if you keep wriggling about?
text: He picks her up by the throat, lifts her clear off the
text: floor by several inches, then rams the sword clean through
text: her gut and the door behind her, the blade just missing
dialog: Jeanne.
speaker_heading: BLACKBEARD
dialog: There, that's better.
text: With a grin at his comrades, Blackbeard resumes his
text: intercourse with the lifeless Catherine. Behind the door,
text: Jeanne is suffocating with terror.
text: The little wooden necklace lies on the floor in f.g. as
text: Blackbeard pulls up his pants and turns to his comrades --
speaker_heading: BLACKBEARD
dialog: Your turn.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHYARD - VILLAGE - DAY
text: The little village church is no more than a smoldering
text: pile of rubble -- among it, the twisted stained-glass of
text: an angel. Corpses are piled up alongside a warren of
text: shallow graves, awaiting committal. The Priest passes by
text: each grave in turn, administering hasty last rites, then
text: moving onto the next while a harassed grave-digger fills
dialog: in the last.
text: Jeanne stands by a shallow grave, now wearing her sister's
text: wooden cross and grazing fixedly at her body, wrapped in
text: linen and awaiting interment. Her parents and other
text: adults stand nearby, but at Jeanne's level we only see
text: them from the waist down.
speaker_heading: MAN #1 (O.S.)
dialog: We shouldn't be doing this by
dialog: daylight... it's too dangerous.
speaker_heading: MAN #2 (O.S.)
dialog: You're right -- the English are
dialog: still around -- I can smell them...
speaker_heading: MAN #3 (O.S.)
dialog: When is the king going to do
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: MAN #1 (O.S.)
dialog: He's good for nothing...
speaker_heading: MAN #2 (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah... we can't even be sure he
dialog: really is a king...
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I heard someone say he's a
dialog: bastard...
speaker_heading: MAN #1 (O.S.)
dialog: With a mother like that? I wouldn't
dialog: be surprised... she's such a
dialog: whore...
speaker_heading: WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Can you show some respect? We're
dialog: burying our children. You should be
dialog: praying instead of cursing...
speaker_heading: MAN #2 (O.S.)
dialog: That's just about all we can do.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Yes... because only God can help us.
text: Now the Priest scurries over, hurriedly mumbles the last
text: rites in Latin, then moves on to the next grave. Jeanne's
text: family have their eyes closed in prayer, and it is only
text: Jeanne who sees the Grave-digger nudge the corpse into the
text: shallow grave with his foot. He shovels in the earth,
text: then moves on. The Father puts his hand on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Listen, Jeanne... your Uncle and
dialog: Aunt are taking you to their house
dialog: for a few weeks... just to give us
dialog: time to rebuild what we can.
text: Jeanne looks at him blankly, her thoughts too deep for
dialog: tears.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE & ROAD - DAY
text: Jeanne sits on the back of a small hay-wagon. Her Uncle
text: and Aunt are up front, eyes on the barren, devastated
text: countryside ahead, while Jeanne gazes fixedly on the road
text: behind. From her POV: the receding figures of her
text: parents, gradually merging with the dusty landscape.
scene_heading: INT. DAXART'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A large, low room, almost identical to Jeanne's house: a
text: bare, earthen floor with chickens running about, and a
text: huge cave of a fireplace. The Aunt doles out soup from a
text: cauldron -- first to her husband, then to Jeanne.
speaker_heading: DAXART
dialog: Lord, we give thanks for the food
dialog: you have given us. Teach us always
dialog: to love this land, and to save it
dialog: from those who seek to destroy it.
dialog: Amen.
text: Jeanne says nothing -- noted by Daxart. His wife nudges
text: him with a gesture to let her be.
scene_heading: INT. DAXART ATTIC - NIGHT
text: Daxart opens the door to an attic room, his wife standing
text: behind him with Jeanne. She wanders into the room, tidy
text: but sparse, and sits on the edge of the bed. Daxart looks
text: a little put out.
speaker_heading: DAXART
dialog: So... good night then.
text: The Aunt understands Jeanne better than her husband, and
text: leads him from the room.
scene_heading: INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: The Daxarts share the communal sleeping area with a couple
text: of goats and a mangy dog. Daxart is settling down to
text: sleep, but his wife lies awake.
speaker_heading: AUNT
dialog: What's going to happen to her?
speaker_heading: DAXART
dialog: She'll be fine. She'll grow up...
dialog: find a good man... make him some
dialog: children. Don't worry -- she's been
dialog: hurt, but she'll survive. Tomorrow
dialog: she'll be as right as rain, you'll
dialog: see.
scene_heading: INT. DAXART ATTIC - DAY
text: Daxart opens the door to the attic. Jeanne has not moved:
text: she's still sitting on the bed like the day before.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I want to see a priest.
scene_heading: INT. VILLAGE CHURCH - DAY
text: Christ, crucified in stained glass. A silver cup is
dialog: raised in blessing...
text: The local PRIEST, much older than the one at Domremy,
text: lowers the cup, filled with wine in preparation for the
text: Mass. The Daxarts enter the church at the far end, with
text: Jeanne between them. The Priest is expecting her.
scene_heading: INT. CONFESSIONAL BOX - DAY
text: Jeanne sits in the shielded darkness of the confessional
text: box. She clutches at her little wooden cross and at last
text: begins to cry.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: I heard about your sister, and I...
dialog: understand your pain...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Why did she have to die?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Only God knows the answer to that.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I know Jesus says to love our
dialog: enemies but I can't -- I just want
dialog: the English to burn in hell for ever
dialog: and ever!
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: I realize your anger, Jeanne, but we
dialog: must learn to forgive. It's hard,
dialog: but revenge will never bring about
dialog: peace.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Then what will? And what will bring
dialog: her back? And why did she have to
dialog: die in the first place instead of
dialog: me? Why didn't he take my life
dialog: instead of hers? It was my fault --
dialog: I was late -- she gave me her hiding
dialog: place...!!
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Jeanne... calm down...! Calm down,
dialog: Jeanne!
text: Jeanne breaks off, trembling, tears pouring down her
dialog: cheeks.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: I don't pretend to know God's will,
dialog: but I am sure of one thing -- the
dialog: Lord always has a good reason.
dialog: Perhaps he saved you because he
dialog: needs you... for some higher
dialog: calling. So... as long as you
dialog: answer that call, your sister will
dialog: not have died in vain.
text: Jeanne clams down. She stares at the Priest for a long
text: moment, and her look becomes very deep and intense.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I don't want to wait for his call.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Jeanne, be patient.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I want to be with him always...
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Soon you'll be able to take the Holy
dialog: Mass, and as you eat of his flesh
dialog: and drink of his blood, you will be
text: at one with him.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I want to be at one with Him now.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
text: On the open road, with Jeanne sitting on the back of
text: Daxart's wagon. It's a grey, lowering, dismal sort of
text: day. The Daxarts are up front, talking in low voices.
speaker_heading: DAXART
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: AUNT
dialog: He says we must bring her to church
dialog: whenever she wants.
speaker_heading: DAXART
dialog: Hmmm... easy for him -- he's not the
dialog: one that has to do the bringing.
text: Behind them, the wagon is empty. Jeanne is long gone.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: The rain pours down in torrents -- Jeanne runs...
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - DAY
text: ... down the deserted road -- into the church...
scene_heading: INT. VILLAGE CHURCH - DAY
text: ... and up the aisle to the altar. She grabs a jug of
text: wine, pours some into the chalice -- holds it up high as
text: the Priest did, then gulps it down. The wine cascades
text: from her mouth like blood as she gazes up at the stained
dialog: glass image --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I want to be with you now!
scene_heading: INT. DAXART HOUSE - DAWN
text: Daxart sits bolt upright, awaking from a nightmare. It's
text: early morning, his wife still asleep beyond him.
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. DAXART ATTIC/POV OF FIELD - DAWN
text: Daxart opens the door to Jeanne's room. Empty, the bed
text: unslept in. He walks in -- hears something. Looking out
dialog: of the window he sees --
text: Jeanne in the distance, playing be herself. Daxart
text: smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE & FIELD - DAWN
text: Jeanne pauses, her stick poised in mid-air --
scene_heading: SUBLIMINAL FLASH --
text: -- a real sword impales a soldier through the stomach --
text: another sword slices through chain-mail -- and a severed
text: head encased in metal spins lose from armored shoulders...
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE & FIELD - DAWN
text: Jeanne looks at Daxart.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I'm playing.
text: Once again Jeanne raises her stick-sword -- the head of a
text: sunflower is violently decapitated --
scene_heading: INT. CHINON - STATE ROOM - DAY
text: -- and a sword swishes down, trying to hack someone in the
text: leg. But it is only a wooden sword, and its wielder a
text: mere boy of five. This is young Prince LOUIS, practicing
text: his nascent swordsmanship on the castle GUARDS.
text: VOICES and approaching footsteps alert the Guards, who
text: quickly stand to attention as a door is swung open...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: The Dauphin!
text: Louis takes advantage of the Guards forced immobility, and
text: jabs one of them in the leg... he lets out a muffled "Ow!"
text: The Dauphin CHARLES VII enters, followed by his courtiers.
text: They include the bloated REGNAULT, Archbishop of Rheims,
text: and Georges de la TREMOILLE -- a sly and devious diplomat.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Louis, shouldn't you be learning
dialog: your lessons?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I don't want to learn, I want to
dialog: fight!
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You will, you will. But for now,
dialog: you must learn... at least to wipe
dialog: your nose.
text: Charles (who speaks with a slight stutter) affectionately
text: wipes his son's nose with a corner of his shirt. Beyond
text: them, a young soldier, Jean d'AULON, arrives with a
dialog: scroll.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: A letter for His Majesty.
text: Tremoille takes it, opens the seal and begins to read.
text: Charles hands over Louis to a courtier...
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: Another one from this girl calling
dialog: herself the Maiden of Lorraine.
text: Charles snatches it somewhat testily from Tremoille...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I can read for myself, you know.
text: While Charles reads, Tremoille turns aside to Regnault --
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: She pretends she's been sent by God!
dialog: These charlatans -- it's a pity
dialog: there isn't enough wood to burn them
dialog: all!
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: She says she'll be here tomorrow...!
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: You mustn't see her, my lord. We
dialog: know nothing about her... we don't
dialog: even know if she is from Lorraine.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: What difference does it make where
dialog: she comes from?
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: If she comes from Burgundy it makes
dialog: a difference. It might be a trap...
dialog: (takes back letter)
dialog: Look... Signed "X". What sort of
dialog: name is "X"? Or must we conclude
dialog: that a messenger of God can't even
dialog: write her own name?
speaker_heading: REGNAULT
dialog: My lord Tremoille is correct. She
dialog: says she hears voices... she may be
dialog: a sorceress... a witch...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (snatching back
dialog: letter)
dialog: Regnault -- you see witches
dialog: everywhere. She's just a peasant...
text: a peasant who cares for her king.
dialog: Look... all she wants is to help me
dialog: win my crown... and permission to
dialog: fight for me.
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: Not exactly.
dialog: (takes back letter)
dialog: She wants you to give her an army --
dialog: at your expanse. Bearing in mind
dialog: that your mother stole every last
dialog: piece of gold in the treasury, I
dialog: fail to see how you can afford such
dialog: an adventure.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (snatches back
dialog: letter)
dialog: I can see her if I want to. I mean,
dialog: with half of France in the hands of
dialog: the English, what have I got to
dialog: lose?
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: The other half.
speaker_heading: REGNAULT
dialog: You mustn't see her, my lord. She
dialog: may be an instrument of the devil.
speaker_heading: YOLANDE (O.S.)
dialog: Well... I think you should.
text: All eyes turn to the window, where Yolande has been
text: standing with her back to the room, reading a little book.
text: Her right-arm is standing beside her -- RICHMOND, his face
text: hideously disfigured by battle scars.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Ah, Yolande... and what makes you
dialog: think the exact opposite of my two
dialog: most trusted advisors?
text: Yolande smiles, though hardly a devoted smile. Mild
dialog: contempt would be more accurate.
speaker_heading: YOLANDE
dialog: Because I care about you. Come here.
text: Charles walks over. He has his shirt undone. Yolande
dialog: buttons it back up.
speaker_heading: YOLANDE
dialog: Your health and happiness has always
dialog: been my first concern, Charles...
dialog: ever since you were a little boy --
dialog: and I think I know you better than
dialog: your own mother...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You think?
speaker_heading: YOLANDE
dialog: Mmmm. Yes. I know for example the
dialog: sickness that plagues your heart. I
dialog: know how painful it is for you... to
dialog: have loved a father... without ever
dialog: knowing if he really was yours.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: W-w-what has that got to do with
dialog: this Maiden?
speaker_heading: YOLANDE
dialog: Who better than a messenger from God
dialog: to give answers to your questions?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You really think she's been sent...
dialog: by God?
speaker_heading: YOLANDE
dialog: You're a fine judge of character,
dialog: Charles. It'll take you less than
dialog: five minutes to expose her if she's
text: a fake. But if she's not -- then
dialog: she will give you your answers...
dialog: and place the crown on your head.
text: Charles shines at the prospect, but Tremoille and Regnault
text: look less than happy.
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: With respect, my lady, I think it's
dialog: going to take more than just a
dialog: simple peasant girl to...
speaker_heading: YOLANDE
dialog: I'm not interested in what you
dialog: think, Tremoille -- or even what I
dialog: think. It's what simple people
dialog: think that matters, and the fact is
dialog: that simple people up and down the
dialog: country are already talking about
dialog: her. Now you know what simple
dialog: people are like, always ready to
dialog: believe any old prophecy... like
dialog: this one about a virgin from
dialog: Lorraine saving France...?
dialog: (hands Tremoille the
dialog: book)
dialog: And now this girl comes along --
dialog: from Lorraine -- and suddenly
text: there's a spark of hope in their
dialog: simple minds. We shouldn't
dialog: disappoint them. If they believe in
dialog: her -- if she can put back the fire
dialog: in our army -- then I believe in her
dialog: too.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINON - LONG SHOT - NIGHT
text: Moving torches gallop toward us -- a FLAME flares through
text: foreground with a whoosh, PANNING ROUND as soldiers ride
text: toward the distant castle of Chinon -- a gloomy great
text: silhouette, rising against a bloody sunset...
scene_heading: INT. CHINON - GREAT HALL - NIGHT
text: Celebrations after a hunt. Troubadours play -- a whole
text: tree trunk is burning in the vast chimney. A Page comes
text: running into the big room and hurries excitedly over to
dialog: Charles.
speaker_heading: PAGE
dialog: She's coming, your majesty... with
dialog: an armed escort!
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Alright, alright -- calm yourself.
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: Your majesty, I urge you not to see
dialog: this woman. It all reeks of a
dialog: Burgundian trap!
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: My astrologers assure me that the
dialog: hour is p-p-propitious -- Leo, with
dialog: Virgo rising. Have you ever noticed
dialog: on the astrological chart how the
dialog: Virgin is next to the Lion?
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: Supposing she's an assassin?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Tremoille, I'm not even king yet...
dialog: who'd want to assassinate me?
text: Looking around at his courtiers? They all would.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINON COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: A FLAME swirls in the darkness -- the urgent clatter of
text: horses hooves -- steaming breath in the cold night air --
text: the SOUND of festivities coming from the castle walls
text: beyond -- the horses are reined -- one whinnies as
text: SOLDIERS jump down onto the cobbles -- a dark cape wraps
dialog: about a figure...
scene_heading: INT. CHINON - GREAT HALL - NIGHT
text: Another page boy bursts in --
speaker_heading: PAGE #2
dialog: She's arrived, my lord! She's in
text: the guards' room.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: So... I suppose I'd better make a
dialog: decision.
text: Charles glances between Tremoille, Regnault and Yolande,
dialog: but -- either by accident of will -- none are looking his
text: way. He sighs deeply to the dashing, open-faced young
dialog: soldier we saw earlier, Jean d'AULON...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Oh dear, why is life so complicated?
dialog: Sometimes I really wish I could be
text: someone else.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: That's a good idea, sire.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Let someone else pretend to be you,
dialog: and see if...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: ... if she can find me? -- That's a
dialog: brilliant idea! If she's really
dialog: been sent by God she'll discover the
dialog: trap, and if she's an assassin
dialog: she'll kill the wrong man!
dialog: (to the page)
dialog: Bring her up!
text: Charles turns to a coterie of ARMY CAPTAINS, standing
text: aside and aloof from the courtiers whom they evidently
dialog: despise.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: My dear Captains, I've had a
dialog: brilliant idea! We're going to have
dialog: a little game. Now... let's pretend
dialog: my throne is empty. Who wants to be
dialog: the king?
dialog: They all put up their hands...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Now there's a heart-warming sight!
dialog: So let's see... which one of you
dialog: could possibly pass as king?
text: He turns to the Duke of ALENCON, 25, strikingly handsome
text: in his bright, gilded armor.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Ah, Alencon, my noble duke, my royal
dialog: cousin -- so fine, so brave, so rich
dialog: -- so very rich -- so far-too-rich
dialog: to be the King of France. Everyone
dialog: knows I'm the poorest man in my
dialog: kingdom.
text: He turns to GILLES de Rais: a dark, glamorous seducer,
text: dressed in black armor with a ring through one ear.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Gilles de Rais... Marshal of
dialog: France... formidable to men,
dialog: fascinating to women, feared by all.
dialog: You'd be perfect to sit on my
dialog: throne... so perfect that you might
dialog: like it too much for my own piece of
dialog: mind.
text: Charles turns to the bearded La Hire.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Ah, La Hire -- my angry captain...
dialog: the bravest in France -- scarred by
dialog: a dozen wars, but with heart and
dialog: stomach for a dozen more. You could
dialog: pass for the king...
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Damn bloody right I could!
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: ... until you opened your mouth. No
dialog: one with a tongue like yours could
dialog: pass as the King of France.
text: The other Captains laugh heartily.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Ah well... it looks as though it's
dialog: going to have to be me after all...
dialog: But... wait a minute...
text: Charles spots the shy Jean d'Aulon. Unlike the other
text: court toadies, Aulon is a quiet, honorable man.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Why not you -- Jean d'Aulon? The
dialog: only man who's poorer than I am, and
dialog: so the only man I can trust.
dialog: Dignified, honorable, wise... what
dialog: more could we ask of a king?
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: My lord, I'm not sure that...
text: Charles takes his coat and puts it around Aulon's
dialog: shoulders.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: My dear Aulon, to you it shall
dialog: befall the honor of impersonating
dialog: the royal blood!
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Majesty, I can't...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Why, are you not ready to die for
dialog: your king?
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Of course I am, it's just that...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Good. Until then, feel free to live
dialog: like a king!
text: Laughter -- then the sound of approaching excitement.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Hurry, hurry -- on the throne...
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - CHINON - NIGHT
text: Armored feet clank along a stone corridor --
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - CHINON - NIGHT
text: Charles unceremoniously dumps Aulon on the throne...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Sire, you know how bad I am at this
dialog: sort of game.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: So... pretend it's not a game.
text: Charles abandons Aulon and disappears among his courtiers.
text: A pair of PAGE BOYS swing open the doors: the courtiers
text: turn expectantly; Aulon tries to pose as the king.
text: From the Court's POV, a girl of 17 enters the great hall,
text: dressed in a grubby tunic, with long hair tied back
text: beneath a hood. There could not be a more striking
text: contrast than the sophisticated, opulent, yet cowardly
text: courtiers and this naive, rough girl, almost childlike in
text: her simplicity, and yet so focused, so confident, so
text: secure in her mission, with a courage that radiates
dialog: conviction, and is contagious.
text: The courtiers step back to form a narrow channel as she
text: moves into the great hall. Yolande marks the effect her
text: presence has on the court, smiling at their bemused gazes.
text: Jeanne passes the Archbishop, who defends himself by
text: sprinkling holy water in her path. Tremoille oils his way
text: toward her with a can-I-help ingratiating smile...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I have come to see the Dauphin.
text: Tremoille nods obsequiously, ushering her toward Aulon,
text: who is now visibly uneasy. Jeanne stops in front of him.
text: Aulon gazes at her. Jeanne scans him a couple of times,
text: looks at him stonily. Then smiles. Aulon melts, his
text: cheeks blushing hot. Jeanne cocks her head, like an
text: inquisitive child.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Who are you?
text: Aulon stammers in response...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: I'm... I'm... I'm...
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: ... His most gracious majesty
dialog: Charles de Valois, Dauphin of
dialog: France...
text: She gives Aulon another smile.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I can see you are a good man, but
dialog: you're not the Dauphin.
dialog: (to Tremoille)
dialog: I'm sorry to insist, but we have no
dialog: time to lose. I must see the
dialog: Dauphin. Where is he?
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: He's here.
dialog: (a gracious gesture)
dialog: Find him yourself.
text: A brief pause, then Jeanne takes up the challenge. She
text: moves on, examining the faces acutely. Although a few of
text: the wimpoled ladies find her simple peasant dress amusing,
text: most are caught like moths in her flame. She notices the
text: Three Captains (La Hire, Alencon and Gilles de Rais)
text: edging closer together, as though shielding someone
dialog: beyond.
text: Jeanne approaches them -- they draw closer together, but
text: now we can see Charles, overtly curious, yet anxious to
text: remain hidden. His inquisitiveness wins -- but as Jeanne
text: walks up to him, the Three Captains spring in front of
text: her, swords drawn, the tips pressing at her throat...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: There's no need to be afraid, sire.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I'm... I'm not the king...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I know you're not yet -- but you
dialog: will be, soon.
text: Charles makes a gesture, and the soldiers cautiously
text: sheath their swords.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: H-h-how did you know who I am?
speaker_heading: ALENCON
dialog: Her voices, of course...
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: "That's him" they said, "The one
text: with the big nose and bags under his
dialog: eyes."
text: They laugh -- whereupon Jeanne rushes at Charles and
text: flings herself on her knees, embracing him round the
dialog: ankles.
text: Charles screams -- the 3 Captains redraw their swords --
text: the court gasps -- then Charles gestures the Captains to
text: back off.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: My gentle Dauphin, I bring you good
dialog: news.
text: Charles puts out his hand to her, allowing her to rise.
text: She draws close to him, whispering...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: It is a message from the King of
dialog: Heaven. For you -- and you only.
text: Jeanne speaks with such conviction that it seems
text: unnecessary to doubt her. Her mesmeric effect on Charles
text: is being noticed by his courtiers. He hesitates a moment,
dialog: then --
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Follow me.
text: He leads her from the room. Tremoille hurriedly follows
text: them. Charles turns round in the doorway, barring him
dialog: further access.
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: Your majesty, I really think you...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: My dear loyal Tremoille, I know I
dialog: can count on you...
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: ... as always, majesty...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: ... to ensure our privacy. I need
text: to talk to her. Alone.
text: Tremoille looks non-plussed.
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: As you wish, majesty.
text: Charles disappears with Jeanne.
text: Tremoille ire at being barred is mollified by blocking the
text: path of Yolande.
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
text: He needs to talk to her. Alone.
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE - KING'S CHAMBER - DAY
text: Jeanne is seated facing Charles in front of a huge fire.
text: As the scene unfolds, their faces draw closer and closer.
text: Her voice is soft and sweet, but her conviction is
dialog: absolute.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I was about eight years old. It was
dialog: a beautiful spring day. I was in
text: the forest taking a short cut home
dialog: when the wind started blowing in the
dialog: trees -- such a strange sound --
text: almost like words -- as if someone
dialog: was calling...
text: FLASH: The little BOY seen earlier is seated on his chair
text: in the middle of the field, pointing his finger at us --
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE - KING'S CHAMBER - DAY
text: Charles is intrigued...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: The second time was many years
dialog: later. It was autumn, and I was
dialog: coming back from church when
text: suddenly the same violent wind
dialog: started to blow again...
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - SFX - DAY
text: FLASH: The wind lifts Jeanne (17) from the ground, spins
text: her forward and flattens her on her back, her arms
text: outstretched, Her face gazing upward at the sky...
speaker_heading: JEANNE (O.S.)
dialog: Everything was moving so fast -- the
dialog: wind -- the clouds -- I couldn't
text: move! Then suddenly a shape
text: appeared in the middle of the sky...
text: The fast-moving CLOUDS resolve themselves into the shape
text: of a face... the face of an OLD MAN. He opens his mouth
text: wide, radiating a shaft of sunlight that strikes Jeanne,
text: still lying in the field. The old man's mouth seems to
text: form the word "Jeanne", but the sound that emanates is so
dialog: vast that we can't be sure.
text: Suddenly the mouth snaps shut, releasing a huge FLASH OF
speaker_heading: LIGHT --
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE - KING'S CHAMBER - DAY
text: -- Charles jumps back, startled yet totally absorbed.
text: Jeanne's eyes sparkle with tears --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I was so frightened... he was so --
dialog: so here...
text: FLASH: The Boy is still sitting in his forest seat, but
text: now he is a beautiful young Man, pointing his finger at
dialog: Jeanne --
speaker_heading: JEANNE (O.S.)
dialog: I realized then that he had chosen
dialog: me, but I didn't understand what it
dialog: was I had to do...
text: Jeanne's eyes sparkle with intensity...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: What was my mission? To help my
dialog: country? But how could I do that?
dialog: I was only a poor girl who knew
dialog: nothing about riding or making
dialog: war... so I decided to wait and not
dialog: to speak to anyone about it.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You did well...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I didn't wait long. One day I was
dialog: going to Mass, like I do every day,
dialog: when the same strange wind started
dialog: blowing again...
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. CHURCH - SFX
text: The double doors of a church are blown open by wind coming
text: from inside -- right in front of Jeanne! Surreal shafts
text: of light criss-cross the interior from the stained-glass
text: windows, illuminating Jeanne in myriad hues and colors.
text: She sways uneasily as the central stained-glass window
text: above the altar starts to warp and undulate, like heat
text: waves creating a mirage. The image of a beautiful
text: archangel slowly comes to life, stepping out from the
text: window frame, then moving toward Jeanne...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Everything was suddenly made clear
dialog: to me. God was finally calling me.
dialog: He had a mission for me -- a message
dialog: to deliver...
text: The Archangel opens his arms to Jeanne as though to
text: embrace her. She drops to her knees, opening her arms and
dialog: -- FLASH --
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE - KING'S CHAMBER - DAY
text: Charles is in suspense, his face sweating...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: ... and what... what did he say?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: He said that I have to save France
dialog: from her enemies and give her back
dialog: to God, and He told me that I --
dialog: Jeanne -- will lead you to the altar
dialog: at Rheims to be crowned King of
dialog: France.
text: Charles slowly releases the breath he's been holding --
text: and the brimming tears run down his cheeks. Jeanne takes
text: his hand and places it on her own damp cheek...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: All you have to do now is put your
dialog: trust in me.
text: Jeanne kisses his hands, and Charles is almost overcome
text: with emotion. He seems, for the first time, utterly
text: defenseless, like the little hurt boy that he is.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I trust you, Jeanne -- I do -- and
dialog: I envy your certainty, but how can I
dialog: be certain that I have the right to
dialog: call myself king when I don't even
dialog: know who my father is. My mother
dialog: can't even remember... I -- I need
dialog: to know...
text: Jeanne gazes at him a moment, then places her hands either
text: side of his head and draws him slowly forward until both
text: their foreheads are touching...
speaker_heading: FLASHES:
text: A series of too-perfect images:
text: 1: A BELL comes crashing down on top of us --
text: 2: The ROYAL BANNER flies triumphantly in the wind --
text: 3: English CAPTAINS throw down their weapons and kneel in
dialog: submission before Charles --
text: 4: Huge city GATES swing open, releasing a jubilant crowd
dialog: who welcome the King in triumph --
text: 5: CHARLES kneels in Rheims Cathedral --
text: 6: Bejeweled HANDS place the CROWN of France on his
dialog: head --
scene_heading: INT. CHINON - KING'S CHAMBER - DAY
text: Jeanne's hands hold Charles' head, as though she has just
text: crowned him. For Charles, the fantasy has become reality.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Do you really believe that God would
dialog: let all this happen... if you were
dialog: not the true King of France?
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE - GREAT HALL - DAY
text: The Courtiers talk among themselves, nervously awaiting
text: Charles to rejoin them. Presently the door opens and
text: Charles emerges, followed by Jeanne. He is a man
text: transfigured. Tremoille looks anxious. Charles glances
text: at them, their expectant eyes awaiting his verdict. He
text: leads Jeanne across to Aulon.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Jeanne, this is -- in fact -- my
dialog: loyal friend and finest archer, Jean
dialog: d'Aulon. Jean... I place her in
dialog: your care. Find her suitable
dialog: lodgings -- here -- in the castle...
dialog: and guard her with your life.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Yes, my lord.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I don't need lodgings if we're to be
dialog: marching on Orleans...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Orleans has held out for six months.
dialog: I don't suppose a few days will make
dialog: much difference. Take some rest.
text: Jeanne follows Jean d'Aulon from the Great Hall, watched
text: in silence by his courtiers. As soon as she's gone, the
text: whole room is filled with the myriad buzz of opinion.
text: Gilles gives Charles the eye...
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: She certainly cast a spell on you.
text: Charles draws his three Captains aside.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: She'll cast her spell on everyone if
dialog: she's given half a chance... and we
dialog: must ensure that she gets that
dialog: chance.
text: The Captains look astonished.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Can you imagine the effect it will
dialog: have on the English -- to see a girl
dialog: riding at the head of our army?
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Yes. They'll bleeding wet
dialog: themselves! Laughing.
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: We're not your favorite captains
dialog: anymore??
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: No -- I mean yes! -- of course...
speaker_heading: ALENCON
dialog: Charles... you want to give the
dialog: command of our army to a -- woman??
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Of course not! You're the ones in
dialog: command, as always... but if she can
dialog: put back the fire in our soldiers,
dialog: then maybe you, my dear Captains,
dialog: will be able to raise the siege of
dialog: Orleans. What do you think?
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: Brilliant idea... but to be really
dialog: effective, why not send a whole army
dialog: of virgins?
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: That'll put fire in my soldiers!
text: The Captains laugh -- at Charles' expense.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Please, my friends... you know me...
dialog: you know how certain I am about
dialog: everything, but -- maybe for the
dialog: first time in my life I -- I don't
dialog: know why -- but I feel I have to
dialog: trust her... and now I'm asking you
dialog: -- I'm begging you -- to trust me...
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - CHINON CASTLE - DAY
text: Jeanne blows the dust from a wooden crucifix, then
text: replaces it above a bed. Jean d'Aulon has brought her to
text: a small room in one of the castle's turrets: clean,
text: plainly furnished, but hardly hospitable. Jeanne inspects
text: the room while Aulon stands by the door.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Listen, please accept my apologies
dialog: for... you know, me pretending to be
dialog: the... well it wasn't really my
dialog: idea... well, yes it was my idea
dialog: but...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Do you think I could have some
dialog: water?
text: Jeanne smiles sweetly, catching Aulon off guard.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Yes, of course... water... anything
dialog: else?
text: Two page boys run into the room, carrying luggage, water,
text: washing bowl and some food. They are LOUIS and RAYMOND,
text: both 13, as inseparable as they are loyal. Jeanne looks
text: up, then sits on the bed, testing the horsehair mattress.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I would like some fresh straw.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Louis... water and fresh straw!
text: Louis goes running off.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: And I would like to see a priest.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes. I didn't confess today.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Right.
dialog: (to Raymond)
dialog: Raymond... a priest.
text: Raymond goes running off.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I shall also be needing a war horse
dialog: -- mine is too slow -- and armor --
dialog: and a good sword -- and an artist to
dialog: make me a banner.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Better today than tomorrow.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Well... uh -- this might take a
dialog: little time -- but let me see what I
dialog: can do.
text: He's about to leave when Jeanne adds --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I also need someone who can read and
dialog: write.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: This I can do.
dialog: (Jeanne looks
dialog: surprised)
dialog: I was studying at the University of
dialog: Paris -- till the English invaded
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I thought you were an archer?
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Yes, I am. I'm an archer who can
dialog: read and write. Who do you want to
dialog: write to?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: The King of England. I want to give
dialog: them the chance to leave Orleans in
dialog: peace before I get there.
text: Aulon just stares at her.
scene_heading: INT. GUARD HOUSE - CHINON - DAWN
text: Raymond hands a rolled parchment to a Rider, already
dialog: mounted and waiting...
scene_heading: EXT. CHINON CASTLE & MEADOW - DAWN
text: The Rider gallops over the drawbridge and away.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINON - TERRACE - DAY
text: Tremoille stands on a terrace before Chinon, watching the
text: rider heading down the dusty highway.
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: I can't believe you let her send
dialog: such a letter...
text: Charles is a short distance away, watching Jeanne in a
text: meadow below the castle, swishing a stick from side to
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: She's going to do it.
text: Tremoille exchanges a worried glance with Archbishop
text: Regnault, who is standing behind Charles.
speaker_heading: REGNAULT
dialog: Sire, it's going to take more than a
dialog: letter to drive out the English.
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: An army for instance...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: My captains have sworn their
dialog: support.
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: No doubt your captains will fight
dialog: for your fine cause -- but what
dialog: about the ordinary soldier? They
dialog: don't fight for causes these days.
dialog: They fight for money. Who's going
dialog: to pay them?
speaker_heading: YOLANDE (O.S.)
dialog: I am.
text: Yolande moves forward, accompanied by her daughter Mary
text: (Charles' wife) and grandson, young Louis.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You will??
speaker_heading: YOLANDE
dialog: For the sake of France, Charles.
dialog: And for the sake of my grandson.
text: She pats Louis on the head.
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: With respect, my lady -- the
dialog: Archbishop and I have begun delicate
dialog: negotiations with the Burgundians.
dialog: If we can bring them over to our
dialog: side...
speaker_heading: YOLANDE
dialog: Negotiate by all means, but from a
dialog: position of strength. If the
dialog: English take Orleans, there'll be
dialog: nothing left to negotiate -- the
dialog: rest of the country will be theirs.
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: My lady, it would be the height of
dialog: folly to let this... child... lead
dialog: our army in the king's name without
text: first verifying her true motives.
speaker_heading: REGNAULT
dialog: Tremoille is right. This girl must
dialog: be subjected to a rigorous
dialog: examination by the Doctors of the
dialog: Church at Poitiers. We need to be
dialog: absolutely certain that she is not
text: an instrument of the devil.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: How can anyone be absolutely certain
dialog: about anything? Our intuitions are
dialog: sometimes our best counselors...
speaker_heading: REGNAULT
dialog: We must listen to Mother Holy Church
dialog: before listening to our intuitions.
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: Wait... she claims to be a virgin...
dialog: Well that's something we can examine
dialog: -- and be absolutely certain about.
text: Charles hesitates -- turns to Yolande, who looks somewhat
text: uneasy at the suggestion.
speaker_heading: YOLANDE
dialog: Why not?
text: Charles looks across to Jeanne in the distance, still
text: playing with her stick. Suddenly she swipes at a bulrush,
text: violently decapitating its head. Charles looks worried.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Let's find out.
scene_heading: INT. POITIERS UNIVERSITY - ROOM - NIGHT
text: A big, spacious room, into which files a procession of TEN
text: DOCTORS of THEOLOGY and TEN NOTABLES, walking two-by-two.
text: They divide either side of CAMERA, then halt and about-
text: turn, facing inward with military precision. Two PAGE
text: BOYS set up screens in front of the two rows, preventing
text: them from viewing Jeanne, who is standing on a low table
text: between the rows, wearing a laced-up robe.
text: Now a procession of NUNS form up behind the table. Two of
text: them step forward, on cue, then proceed to loosen the
text: laces of Jeanne's robe and roll up the hem. Meanwhile an
text: old HAG is washing her hands.
text: With Jeanne suitably prepared, the old HAG stands in front
text: of her. Two little Girls slip in a special stool and the
text: old HAG squats down, enabling her to look between Jeanne's
text: legs. Only women are privy to this ritualistic
text: inspection; the men remain standing behind the screens.
text: Yolande waits with the disfigured Richmond near a window.
text: The old Hag is certainly taking her time, and Yolande is
text: getting decidedly nervous...
speaker_heading: RICHMOND
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: What if she's not?
speaker_heading: YOLANDE
dialog: I'll kill her myself...
text: A few tense moments -- then the ancient HAG announces with
dialog: great solemnity...
speaker_heading: HAG
text: There is no sign of corruption or
text: violation. She is intact.
text: ... to Yolande's visible relief.
scene_heading: INT. COUNCIL ROOM - POITIERS UNIVERSITY - DAY
text: A dark, musty council room, where theologians and learned
text: doctors of the Church sit in wooden tiers, examining
text: Jeanne. Archbishop Regnault is among them. So too is
text: Jean d'Aulon -- but he as a silent, albeit supportive
dialog: observer.
text: Jeanne stands in the center of the room, hands folded, as
text: though on trial. She's evidently been here many hours.
speaker_heading: INQUISITOR #1
dialog: And... what exactly was this --
dialog: "vision" -- wearing?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I don't remember.
speaker_heading: INQUISITOR #2
dialog: Was it wearing a crown?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I saw no crown.
speaker_heading: INQUISITOR #3
dialog: Well, was it naked?
dialog: The Court have a good chuckle.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Do you think that God can't afford
dialog: to give him clothes?
text: An audible reaction, somewhere between amusement and
text: admiration. A deadpan scribe carefully writes down both
text: questions and answers in a large, vellum-bound book.
speaker_heading: INQUISITOR #1
dialog: Did this -- vision -- give you
dialog: anything -- an object, like a ring,
dialog: or a rosary or anything -- by which
dialog: we can verify your claim?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: He gave me good advice.
speaker_heading: INQUISITOR #4
dialog: During your childhood, did you have
dialog: any sort of military experience?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: INQUISITOR
dialog: Are you practiced in the skills of
dialog: swordsmanship?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No. But I'm good with a stick.
text: A murmur of laughter, though not from us.
speaker_heading: INQUISITOR #4
dialog: Do you know what a Dijon Culverin
dialog: is?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: INQUISITOR #4
dialog: It's an item of artillery. How do
dialog: you expect to raise the siege of
dialog: Orleans if you are ignorant about
dialog: modern artillery?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: The road to Orleans is long, and I
dialog: have good captains with me. I will
dialog: learn fast, believe me.
text: The Inquisitor and his colleagues whisper in a huddle.
text: Regnault remains unconvinced, and indicates his strong
text: reservations. Finally the Chief Inquisitor addresses
dialog: Jeanne.
speaker_heading: CHIEF INQUISITOR
dialog: We would like to believe you Jeanne,
dialog: but we feel that if God were to want
dialog: us to believe in you, he would have
dialog: sent you with a sign as proof that
dialog: we should believe in you. We cannot
dialog: advise the King to entrust you with
dialog: the army merely on your assertion.
dialog: Can't you do something? Or show us
dialog: something? Some sign to prove that
dialog: you are sent by God?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Sire, I did not come here to preform
dialog: tricks. You are all much cleverer
dialog: than I am -- me, I don't know A from
dialog: B -- but this much I do know: that
dialog: while the people of France lie
dialog: bleeding, you sit around in your
dialog: fine clothes trying to deceive me --
dialog: yet all you're doing is deceiving
dialog: yourselves. You say you are men of
dialog: God, yet you can't see His hand in
dialog: having guided me safely through
dialog: five hundred leagues of enemy
dialog: country to bring you His help? Is
dialog: that not proof enough? Or do you
dialog: want still more signs? Give me
dialog: command of an army, take me to
dialog: Orleans, and there you will see the
dialog: sign I was sent to make!
text: Aulon can barely restrain himself from applauding. The
text: Chief Inquisitor reaches his decision, raises his gavel
dialog: and --
scene_heading: EXT. LES TOURELLES - ORLEANS - DAY
text: -- down comes a mallet, SLAMMING out a safety wedge which
text: releases a CATAPULT -- and a huge boulder flies across the
dialog: river in the direction of Orleans...
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEMENTS - ORLEANS - DAY
text: A LOOK-OUT spots the incoming missile -- yells out --
speaker_heading: GAMACHE
dialog: 45-er, nor-nor-west -- straight at
dialog: us!
scene_heading: INT. DUNOIS' HQ - ORLEANS - DAY
text: DUNOIS is alone, writing a letter at a small table --
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Which side's that?
speaker_heading: GAMACHE (O.S.)
dialog: Window side...!!
text: Dunois realizes he's near the window and dives for cover
text: just as the massive boulder plummets through the ceiling,
text: demolishing the table where he'd been sitting seconds
text: before, and leaving a huge hole in the wall.
text: Dunois emerges from under a large table, dusting himself.
text: He looks thin, haggard and exhausted after six months of
dialog: siege.
text: Suddenly a young soldier -- Poton de XAINTRAILLES -- comes
text: bursting in, ignoring the mess...
speaker_heading: XAINTRAILLES
dialog: My lord Dunois... I have wonderful
dialog: news! -- finally -- he's sending
dialog: her to us -- thanks be to God --
dialog: we're saved -- it's wonderful!
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Calm yourself, Xaintrailles. Now
dialog: slowly. Who has finally done what?
speaker_heading: XAINTRAILLES
dialog: The Dauphin -- he's sending us food
dialog: -- and supplies -- and an army --
dialog: led by Jeanne -- the maiden from
dialog: Lorraine -- isn't it wonderful?!
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: Yes, it's a miracle.
speaker_heading: XAINTRAILLES
dialog: And it's not the first one! They
dialog: say she saved a little boy who was
dialog: dying of...
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Xaintrailles...! Don't talk to me
dialog: about miracles...
dialog: (pointing to hole in
dialog: floor)
dialog: If I was still sitting there waiting
dialog: for a miracle, I'd be dead now.
dialog: Anyway...
text: Dunois looks up at the sky, now visible through a hole in
text: the roof.
speaker_heading: XAINTRAILLES
dialog: But... don't you think we should at
dialog: least... go and... welcome her?
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: As long as she brings food and
dialog: supplies, she'll be welcome.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER BANK & POV OF ORLEANS - DAY
text: The walled city of Orleans stands in the distance on the
text: far side of the river Loire. CAMERA CRANES DOWN to find
text: Dunois, Xaintrailles and a small escort of soldiers,
text: waiting atop a ridge where they're evidently been for some
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: GAMACHE
dialog: I can't believe they're sending a
dialog: woman.
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Maybe they never sent anyone.
text: TRAVELING SHOT: Horse's hooves galloping...
speaker_heading: GAMACHE
dialog: I wonder what color dress she'll be
dialog: wearing?
text: TRAVELING SHOT: Horse's breath steaming...
speaker_heading: GAMACHE
dialog: I'll wager red -- how about you?
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Blue...
text: TRAVELING SHOT: Stirrups press into the horse's flanks...
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
text: ... with a blue ribbon in her hair
dialog: to tie up Talbot!
text: TRAVELING SHOT: the horse's eyes, wild and dilated...
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Does anyone know if she even knows
dialog: how to ride a horse?
text: TRAVELING SHOT: horse's legs at the triple gallop...
speaker_heading: XAINTRAILLES
dialog: She knows...
text: THEIR POV: a white banner sweeps into SHOT -- then a
text: knight clad in shinning white armor. The knight raises
text: his visor to reveal -- Jeanne, her face gleaming with
text: sweat, eyes blazing. Dunois is speechless.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Were you sent by Lord Dunois?
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Yes... they were.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Good. Where are the English?
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Everywhere. Where is the food?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: It's coming -- I rode on ahead. I
dialog: have to speak with the Captain of
dialog: the English army... his name's
dialog: Talbot...
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: I know...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Good. Can you bring me to him?
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
text: He's on the other side of the river.
text: Now La Hire and Gilles de Rais ride into view...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: So who gave the order to bring me to
dialog: this side of the river??
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: (calling to Dunois)
dialog: Hey, my friend! I'm glad to see
dialog: your ugly damn face again!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: La Hire, I'm warning you -- don't
dialog: swear!
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Sorry Jeanne...
dialog: (to Dunois)
dialog: Did you both meet already?
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Well... sort of...
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: (to Dunois, smiling)
dialog: She's quite something, huh?
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Jeanne, let me introduce the king's
dialog: half brother, the dogged Lord
dialog: Dunois.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Then, Lord Dunois, show me the way
text: to the other side of the river...
text: She starts to move as Jean d'Aulon rides up --
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Wait, wait...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Because... because -- I mean -- the
dialog: English have a broad sense of humor,
dialog: but... I mean, you don't
dialog: understand... to them you're a
dialog: witch, working for the devil. What
dialog: makes you think they'll listen to
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Because if they don't, I'll raise
dialog: such a war-cry against them that
dialog: they will remember us forever!
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Well. I'd love to see that, but
dialog: after taking counsel with my
dialog: captains, I felt it would be better
dialog: to first bring the food into the
text: city, then wait till Alencon arrives
dialog: with reinforcements before doing
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: You may have been with your counsel,
dialog: but I've been with mine, and I'm
dialog: telling you, God's counsel is wiser
dialog: than yours, and he's telling me to
dialog: speak to the English -- now!
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: (matching her anger)
dialog: Fine -- go now if you want, but not
dialog: with me! You may have a duty to God
dialog: but I have a duty to my people, and
dialog: my people are starving! So right
dialog: now I'm going to take the food back
dialog: to the city, and if you can please
dialog: calm down, and let me accompany you
dialog: to Orleans, it will be my honor to
dialog: welcome you.
text: Gilles smiles at Jeanne's evident frustration.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST GATE - STREET & SQUARE - ORLEANS - DUSK
text: The battered east gate of Orleans swings open, and a
text: convoy of wagons enter the town, guarded by soldiers.
text: Jeanne and the Captains are on horseback, the remainder on
dialog: foot.
text: A group of hungry children spot the arrival, their eyes
text: widening at the sight of the food: beef, mutton,
text: chickens, sacks of grain, barrels of salted fish...
text: But most of the citizens are too starved and too weary to
text: show much excitement; hollow-eyed and emaciated, they have
text: the expressionless faces of concentration camp inmates.
text: La Hire is sickened at the sight...
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Jesus Christ... the goddamn English
dialog: will pay for this!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: They will -- and so will you if you
dialog: go on swearing like that.
text: By the time the little procession has reached the main
text: square, a CROWD has gathered. Sluggishly they make way
dialog: for Jeanne and Dunois to ride between them...
text: Now the interest in Jeanne begins to warm up -- the CROWD
text: press in on her. Slowly at first, but with increasing
text: fervor, the pressure builds as the crowd try to touch
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Bless us, Jeanne...! Save us!
scene_heading: EXT. JEANNE'S HOUSE - ORLEANS - NIGHT
text: Soldiers push back the crowd, allowing Jeanne to reach a
text: large gabled house. As she dismounts, a woman runs
dialog: forward --
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Jeanne! Bless her -- touch her!
text: The woman holds up her BABY for Jeanne to touch.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Touch her yourself... your touch is
dialog: just as good as mine.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: But... you've been sent by God!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: So has everyone.
text: Jeanne turns sharply away and walks inside the house,
text: followed by Aulon and the others.
scene_heading: INT. HQ - ORLEANS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A frustrated Jeanne marches into Dunois' new war-room.
text: Dunois enters, followed by his Captains, and is happy to
dialog: see a model of Orleans...
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: La Hire, Gilles -- let me show you
dialog: something...
text: The Captains go into a huddle, leaving Jeanne smarting.
text: She looks out of the window, where the crowd is still
text: trying to catch a glimpse of her.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Who do they think I am?!
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne, calm down. You can't blame
dialog: the people -- they've been hearing
dialog: all about you for weeks.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: There's nothing to hear -- I haven't
dialog: done anything. And why haven't I
dialog: done anything?
dialog: (turning to the
dialog: captains)
dialog: Because none of you will listen to
dialog: me!!
text: She shouts in frustration, and Dunois and the other
text: captains swing round. Dunois waits for the echo to die
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Would you like to join us? We're
dialog: about to discuss the campaign...
text: Jeanne walks over, still vexed. Using the model, Dunois
text: continues his situation briefing.
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: From here, Talbot has spread his
dialog: forces between these forts up here,
dialog: but in the last few days it seems --
dialog: according to our scouts -- that some
dialog: troops have been deployed to this
dialog: fort here -- which makes me think
dialog: that this is where they'll be
dialog: launching their attack from...
text: Dunois points to St. Loup -- a smaller fort to the east.
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: I would have thought they'd have
text: attacked from here, where Talbot is.
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: I doubt it. From here they won't be
dialog: able to utilize the river, whereas
dialog: over here the current will be with
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: What about this huge pile down here?
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: That's the Tourelles. The English
dialog: were planning to launch an attack
dialog: from it, but then we broke down the
dialog: bridge, which should keep them quiet
dialog: for a while. My hunch is, the
dialog: attack will come from St. Loup.
text: He pauses, then turns to Jeanne, somewhat apprehensively.
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: And... what does Jeanne think?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I don't think. I leave that to God.
dialog: I'm nothing in all this, I'm just
dialog: the messenger.
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: So... what is the message?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: We offer the English a last chance
dialog: to return home in peace. If they
dialog: refuse, we recross the river and
dialog: attack them here -- at the
dialog: Tourelles.
text: They all look astonished. Gilles grins.
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Jeanne, that really makes no sense
dialog: at all. The Tourelles is virtually
dialog: impregnable... besides, if we're on
text: the other side of the river
dialog: attacking the Tourelles, what's to
dialog: stop Talbot attacking the city from
dialog: the north?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: God.
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: God... why of course -- we'd
dialog: forgotten about him! Strange, I
dialog: don't seem to remember seeing him at
dialog: Agincourt.
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Damn right!
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: Oh, but I forgot! It was a
dialog: Sunday... that explains it. God's
dialog: day off.
text: They all laugh, apart from Aulon and the page boys.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: You know, I feel a great sorrow for
dialog: you, because you're laughing now,
dialog: but by tomorrow night some of you
dialog: will be dead and having to repeat
dialog: your jokes in front of God.
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Jeanne, with respect -- we can't
dialog: just attack the Tourelles like that
dialog: -- it's a very complicated matter
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: What complicated about it? All you
dialog: have to do is do what you're told --
dialog: what could be simpler than that?
dialog: I'm the drum on which God is beating
text: out his message -- beating so loudly
dialog: it's bursting my ears -- but you're
dialog: all so full of your own voices,
dialog: you're deaf to His!
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne, be patient...
dialog: Jeanne turns on him --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: "Be patient, be patient"... is that
dialog: the only advice you can ever come up
dialog: with?? I've shown more patience
dialog: than a dozen saints!
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Jeanne, you have to understand --
dialog: it's not easy for us -- I mean for
dialog: our pride -- to suddenly be usurped
dialog: by a -- well, with all due respect,
dialog: by a... girl.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Ah, so that's it. To you I'm just a
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Jeanne, put yourself in my shoes for
dialog: a moment -- how would you feel, if
dialog: you were me?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Knowing what I know? Enormous
dialog: gratitude.
text: Jeanne turns and heads for the door. La Hire nudges
text: Gilles as she approaches --
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: One hell of a girl, huh?
text: As she passes, Jeanne slaps La Hire right across the
dialog: face --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I warned you!
text: -- and walk out, slamming the door behind her. The others
text: stare after her, while La Hire nurses his cheek.
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: (to La Hire)
dialog: I do love her when her fire gets
dialog: well and truly stoked!
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Me too...
text: A pause, then the door at the other end of the room bursts
text: open and in walks the expansive Duke of Alencon.
speaker_heading: ALENCON
dialog: Hello my friends! What a journey,
dialog: but we made it! Back together
dialog: again... let's have some fun!
text: He rubs his hands in anticipation, then notes his
text: comrades' expressions, still recovering from Jeanne's
dialog: outburst.
speaker_heading: ALENCON
dialog: Did I miss something?
scene_heading: INT. JEANNE'S BEDROOM - ORLEANS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Jeanne draws her sword with a terrifying scrape as though
text: about to kill someone, slices something in f.g. -- and a
text: chunk of black hair falls to the ground.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: So what if I'm a girl...?
dialog: (cuts another chunk)
dialog: You need to look like a man to drive
dialog: out the English?
dialog: (and another)
dialog: Fine... let's look like a man!
text: Aulon grabs her by the wrist to take the sword from her --
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne, stop it!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: How dare you stop me doing God's
dialog: will!
text: Aulon wrestles to get the sword from her --
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: He didn't tell you to cut all your
dialog: hair off...!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: How dare you tell me what God tells
dialog: me to do!
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Alright, whatever -- but since He's
dialog: not going to come down and cut it
dialog: himself, at least let someone cut it
dialog: properly!
text: He finally manages to grab the sword from her...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Raymond -- bring me scissors!
dialog: Louis -- fetch that mirror!
text: The two page boys hop to it, but when Louis brings the
text: mirror, Jeanne slaps it from his hand...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne, stop getting so angry about
dialog: everything...! Calm down!
text: Jeanne stares at him.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I am calm. It's God who's angry. I
dialog: need to send a letter. Now.
text: Aulon looks at her.
scene_heading: INT. HQ - ORLEANS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Dunois reads the parchment that Aulon hands to him...
speaker_heading: JEANNE (V.O.)
dialog: To you, Henry King of England, and
dialog: to you, Duke of Bedford who call
dialog: yourself Regent of France, obey the
dialog: King of Heaven and abandon your
dialog: siege...
text: Dunois can scarcely believe it. He hands it to Alencon...
speaker_heading: JEANNE (V.O.)
dialog: ... give back the keys to the other
dialog: towns you have taken, and go back
dialog: home to your island...
text: Equally bemused, Alencon hands it to La Hire...
speaker_heading: JEANNE (V.O.)
dialog: To you Lord Talbot, I beg you as
dialog: humbly as I can beg you, for the
dialog: sake of the lives of your soldiers,
dialog: do not bring about your own
dialog: destruction...
text: La Hire whistles with admiration and hands it to Gilles.
speaker_heading: JEANNE (V.O.)
dialog: Surrender to me, Jeanne the Maiden,
dialog: who is sent here by God, and she
dialog: will make peace with you...
text: Gilles grins, and hands back to Aulon, who looks to Dunois
text: for an answer. Dunois gives a vague nod of the head...
scene_heading: EXT. BROKEN BRIDGE - ORLEANS - NIGHT
text: As Jeanne's letter continues, Aulon walks across the
dialog: broken stone bridge that once connected the city to the
text: south bank of the Loire. Two-thirds the way across, the
text: bridge ends abruptly, leaving a yawning gap between us and
dialog: the fortress of the Tourelles.
speaker_heading: JEANNE (V.O.)
dialog: ... but if you do not heed my
dialog: warning, then we shall raise such a
dialog: battle-cry as there has not been
dialog: heard in France for a thousand
dialog: years!
text: Aulon takes the arrow to which Jeanne's letter is already
text: tied, places it in the bow -- takes aim and fires...
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - ROOF/COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: The arrow lands in wooden planking. An English soldier
text: with a flaming red beard yanks it out, gives it a cursory
text: glance, grins, then clambers down to the courtyard below
text: where soldiers are busily trimming the branches from
text: freshly-felled trees. Redbeard hands the letter to an
dialog: English captain, Glasdale...
speaker_heading: JEANNE (V.O.)
dialog: This is the third and last time I
dialog: will write to you...
text: Glasdale reads it, and gives his response.
scene_heading: EXT. BROKEN BRIDGE - ORLEANS - NIGHT
text: Aulon is still waiting at the end of the broken bridge.
speaker_heading: JEANNE (V.O.)
dialog: If you are still here at noon, I
dialog: warn you that you will hear from me
dialog: to your very great destruction.
dialog: Please give me your answer speedily.
text: Redbeard yells out from the top of the Tourelles...
speaker_heading: REDBEARD
dialog: Go fuck yourself!
scene_heading: INT. JEANNE'S BEDROOM - ORLEANS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Aulon hesitates, then softly opens the door. He tiptoes
text: into the room, looks at Jeanne, then at Louis, who has
text: fallen asleep with the scissors still clasped somewhat
text: dangerously to his chest. Aulon gently removes them. As
text: he places them on the table, Jeanne murmurs in her sleep,
text: but without opening her eyes.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: What did they say?
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Uh... they said... they will think
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: But... to be honest... I don't think
dialog: they'll leave tomorrow.
text: Jeanne is almost asleep again...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I can't wait... for tomorrow...
text: Aulon sits in a chair nearby, gazing at Jeanne, who now
text: looks even younger, with her hair shorn short like a boy.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - ST. LOUP - DAWN
text: SMASH CUT into the fury of battle -- swords hacking
text: through armor, whirling maces smashing visors, blood
text: spurting from severed limbs... Among the combatants:
text: Dunois, Alencon, La Hire and Gilles...
scene_heading: INT. JEANNE'S BEDROOM - ORLEANS HOUSE - DAWN
text: Jeanne suddenly sits bolt upright, eyes wide. Aulon is
text: still asleep in his chair where we last saw him.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: French blood is spilling!
text: Aulon awakes as she leaps to her feet, strapping on her
text: breast plate and gauntlets...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: What's going on?!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: They've started the battle without
dialog: me!
text: She tips the two page boys onto the floor...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Oh, my boys -- why didn't you wake
dialog: me up?! Come on, hurry up --
dialog: Raymond, saddle my horse -- there's
dialog: a battle to fight and a war to be
dialog: won!
text: Raymond runs off and Aulon takes his place, helping Louis
text: to buckle on Jeanne's armor. She rushes off, leaving
text: Louis to assist Aulon with his own armor...
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE & STREET - ORLEANS - DAWN
text: Jeanne runs out of the house to where Raymond is standing
text: with her horse. She mounts it and canters off...
scene_heading: INT. JEANNE'S BEDROOM - ORLEANS - DAWN
text: Still buckling on his own armor, Aulon spots Jeanne's
text: furled white banner leaning against the wall...
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE & STREET - ORLEANS - DAWN
text: Jeanne suddenly remembers she's forgotten her banner. She
text: turns her horse about and canters back, screaming out --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: My banner! I forgot my banner!
text: Aulon appears at the window, holding her banner --
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne... here!
text: Jeanne circles about and canters forward...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Throw it!
text: Aulon throws it down to her. She catches it with one
text: hand, turns and gallops off down the street, the white
text: banner streaming out behind her.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST GATE - ORLEANS - DAWN
text: The Guard above the main gate sees the French army
text: approaching in full retreat. He calls down...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Open the gates!
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - ORLEANS - DAWN
text: Sparks fly as the hooves of Jeanne's horse strike the
text: flint cobblestones, swift and clean...
scene_heading: EXT. ST. LOUP VALLEY - ORLEANS - DAWN
text: ... unlike the hundreds of hooves pounding through mud and
text: mire in the opposite direction.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST GATE - ORLEANS - DAWN
text: Jeanne reaches the gates as they are swung open, and the
text: first of the retreating troops make it back to the city --
dialog: among them, La Hire and Gilles de Rais...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: What happened? Who gave the order
dialog: to attack?
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: God knows, but it was a bad idea!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: (to Gilles)
dialog: Were the men confessed? Where are
dialog: the priests?
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: We didn't take them... we wanted to
dialog: be fast... wanted to make a surprise
dialog: attack...
text: Dunois rides up and Jeanne assails him --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Dunois... was it you who ordered the
dialog: attack? Answer me?!
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Can we -- uh -- discuss this later?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Sooner is better than later!
text: Jeanne charges forward, into the confused ranks of
text: retreating French soldiers. Dunois thinks she's gone
dialog: crazy --
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Come back... you'll be killed!
text: But Jeanne's not listening. She's been waiting long
text: enough for this moment, and now she has it, there's no
text: going back. She stands in her stirrups and shouts out --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Follow me and I will give you
dialog: victory!
text: La Hire is the first to change his mind, riding up behind
text: Jeanne like Attila the Hun as she gallops forward into the
text: path of the retreating French. Now the Duke of Alencon
text: joins them, and soon the whole army has turned about -- an
text: immense tidal wave of energy rolling back across the
dialog: valley...
scene_heading: EXT. ST. LOUP FORTIFICATIONS - ORLEANS - DAY
text: ... toward the astonished English. One moment they were
text: pursuing their hapless enemies, but now an avenging angel
text: bears down on them, sunlight glinting off her armor. They
text: start racing back toward their own fortifications: the
text: bastille St. Loup -- a great fortress amid a network of
dialog: trenches and tunnels...
text: The French army is finally behaving as a single organism
text: whereas the English cohesion fragments into shards of
dialog: individual panic -- every man for himself! They regard
text: Jeanne as a sorceress, and terror spreads like cancer
text: among their ranks. They turn and flee back to their own
text: lines, only to be bombarded by a fusillade of their own
text: missiles, poorly aimed at the French.
text: Soon the St. Loup tower is ablaze, the English are forced
dialog: to abandon their fortress... and the French finally get to
text: celebrate their first victory within living memory.
text: Jeanne has become an object of worship and veneration, and
text: the soldiers crowd about her, cheering her as their
text: savior. Presently Dunois rides up with his Captains...
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: It's a great victory, Jeanne... your
dialog: victory. But we must follow it
text: through and pursue the English back
dialog: to Talbot's camp... unless of course
dialog: you have another good idea?
text: Jeanne closes her eyes a moment... then smiles at Dunois.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: We return to Orleans... across the
text: bridge, at the Tourelles.
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: But the bridge has been pulled down!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: The English are rebuilding it.
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: How do you know?!
text: FLASH: Jeanne and her army are silently moving through a
text: forest. From her POV, she notices hundreds of fresh
dialog: trees-stumps...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: You have been with your counsel, and
dialog: I have been with mine.
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES COMPLEX - ORLEANS - DAY
text: The English are moving up the stripped trees we saw
text: earlier from the Tourelles courtyard toward the broken
text: bridge. Glasdale surveys the operation with satisfaction.
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - POV FROM ROOF - DAY
text: Redbeard and the other English Guards on the roof of the
text: Tourelles spot Jeanne's army in the far distance.
text: Redbeard calls down to Glasdale...
speaker_heading: REDBEARD
dialog: Glasdale! Looks like the froggie
dialog: whore's coming to pay you a visit.
scene_heading: EXT. MONASTERY - ORLEANS - DAY
text: Jeanne rides at the head of the army, flanked by Dunois,
text: La Hire, Alencon, Gilles, Aulon, Xaintrailles. They halt
text: in front of a ruined monastery to the south of the
text: Tourelles. Jeanne gives instructions for the placement of
dialog: artillery...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
text: Position the long-bows over there,
text: crossbows over there -- and set up
dialog: Dijon Culverins either side of those
dialog: trees...
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: The wind will be against us...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: The wind will be with us!
dialog: (to the Captains)
dialog: Do as I say.
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - BATTERY - DAY
text: The English take up their positions along the ramparts of
text: the battery -- a massive, square fortification, surrounded
text: by a deep, empty moat.
text: Jeanne rides forward to the edge of the dry moat, her
text: banner billowing in the breeze, and addresses the
dialog: English...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Glasdale, can you hear me? You who
dialog: call me a whore, I pity your soul
dialog: and the souls of your men. Yield
dialog: now to the King of Heaven, and go
dialog: back to your island...
speaker_heading: GLASDALE
dialog: And you, go back to Hell!
text: Jeanne turns and gallops back to the French soldiers as
text: Glasdale turns coolly to Redbeard --
speaker_heading: GLASDALE
dialog: Don't kill her till I've had my fill
dialog: of her!
text: -- and walks back to the Tourelles.
text: The French have established a temporary headquarters.
text: Dunois is drawing a map in the dirt and is preparing a
dialog: battle plan with his Captains...
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Let's plan this attack a little more
dialog: carefully than this morning...
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: Good idea!
speaker_heading: JEANNE (O.S.)
dialog: (calling)
dialog: My fine soldiers...!
text: Dunois turns to see Jeanne, standing before the army...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: This morning, God gave us our first
dialog: victory, but that was nothing
dialog: compared to what he is ready to give
dialog: us now. I know you are tired and
dialog: hungry, but I swear to you in the
dialog: name of the King of Heaven that even
dialog: if these English were hanging from
dialog: the clouds by their fingertips, we
dialog: shall tear them down before
dialog: nightfall...! Now, my brave
dialog: soldiers... let those who love me
dialog: follow me!
text: With a valiant cry, a thousand soldiers tear forward
text: behind Jeanne. Dunois is speechless. Gilles lays a
text: sympathetic hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: You were saying?
text: Jeanne rides at full tilt down into the dry moat, and for
text: the next few minutes, the air is thick with the tumult of
text: battle. As each successive wave swarms across the moat,
text: so they are met by a fusillade of English flame and steel
text: from the battery above. But the French respond with equal
text: fervor: the Dijon Culverins deployed by Jeanne now rain
text: an aerial bombardment of boulders down upon the English,
text: while their arrows darken the sky above...
text: Jeanne reaches the base of the battery. She leaps down
text: from her horse and starts to climb one of the ladders
text: being thrown up against the wall... but is suddenly struck
text: by an arrow from the rampart above. She reels -- the
text: ladder sways -- and Aulon catches her in his arms as she
text: falls back to earth. Redbeard is jokingly furious --
speaker_heading: REDBEARD
dialog: Hey, you just killed my woman!
text: The English laugh and jeer, but the French are in dismay
text: at the sight of their Jeanne, unconscious, lying in
text: Aulon's arms, with the arrow wedged deep above her breast.
scene_heading: EXT. MONASTERY BEHIND TOURELLES - DAY
text: Aulon, La Hire and Xaintrailles carry her to the ruined
text: monastery while the two page boys follow anxiously behind.
scene_heading: INT. ST. AUGUSTINE MONASTERY - DAY
text: They enter the shell-shattered sanctuary of a gothic
text: chapel where Aulon directs them to lay Jeanne against the
text: wall. In the distance we can hear the muffled sounds of
text: war, but in here it is strangely quiet.
text: The great war-lords stand in a semi-circle, pathetically
text: wringing their hands, like the seven dwarves bereaving the
text: stricken Snow White. The sight of tears trickling down La
text: Hire's scarred cheeks is as touching as it is pathetic.
text: Aulon wipes her brow, leaning in very close to feel her
text: pulse and whether her mouth exhales breath. He turns to
text: Raymond, who stands close by with Louis --
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Go and find the physician... I saw
text: him with the supplies.
text: Raymond races off...
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: We have to take out the arrow now.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: It's in so deep -- I'm afraid she'll
dialog: bleed to death if we pull it out...
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: There must be something we can do
dialog: for her for Chrissakes!
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Yes. We can pray.
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Good idea...
text: La Hire turns and directs his pledge to the broken
text: stained-glass image of Christ above the trashed altar...
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: I swear I'll never swear again in my
dialog: life if you save her life! But I'm
dialog: warning you, if you let her die,
dialog: then you're the biggest...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Don't swear...
text: Jeanne stirs, her eyes beginning to open...
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: He heard me!
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne... we thought we'd lost you!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Not so... easily. Why aren't you...
dialog: fighting...? go on... we're almost
dialog: there...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne, you've been badly wounded...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No, it's... it's nothing, it's...
text: Speaking provokes a sudden stab of pain. She tries to
text: clutch the arrow, but Aulon stops her. He peels back her
text: shirt, exposing the bloody wound above her pale breast.
speaker_heading: GILLES
text: It's an arrow, and it's in deep...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: You must stay still till the
dialog: physician arrives!
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Physicians are a waste of time.
dialog: You'll have more luck with this
dialog: charm of mine... it saved my life at
dialog: Agincourt!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I'd sooner die than use magic!
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne, you will die if that arrow
dialog: stays in you much longer...
text: Jeanne suddenly seizes the arrow and yanks it out of her
text: body. Blood spurts -- the suddenness and violence of her
text: action catches the men unaware, and it's a moment before
text: Aulon can stem the flow with his hand. Jeanne looks at
text: the arrow before throwing it aside...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: At least this one won't bother us
dialog: any more. Now let's get back to the
dialog: fight!
text: She tries to get up... and collapses, grabbing Aulon...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne... please... you must stay
dialog: calm... you must rest... please!
text: He lays her back down. Jeanne whispers to him,
text: intimately.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Alright... I promise to rest if you
dialog: promise... to go back to the battle.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: I promise...
text: Jeanne smiles -- then suddenly collapses...
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Oh shit! Jeanne... don't die!
text: La Hire breaks off as Raymond arrives back with the
dialog: Physician...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Quickly... do something!
text: The Physician kneels beside her and listens for any sound
text: of life. All the Captains crowd closer and closer, and as
text: we too move closer, we hear the sound of deep breathing,
text: almost a snore.
speaker_heading: PHYSICIAN
text: She's sleeping. Like a baby.
text: La Hire and the others sigh with relief.
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - BATTERY - DUSK
text: Dunois surveys his army's attempt to storm the English
text: battery. It is now dusk, and without Jeanne the battle
text: has become a half-hearted affair. He turns to a trumpeter
text: as Aulon comes running up...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne's alive!
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: We have to press home the attack!
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: (to the Trumpeter)
dialog: Sound the retreat...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: But I promised Jeanne we'd fight on!
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: I made no such promise. Sound the
dialog: retreat for the night!
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: But that was her order!
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: I'm fed up with taking her orders.
dialog: She swore she'd defeat the English
text: before nightfall, instead of which
text: she goes and plays the fool and gets
dialog: herself nearly killed! Look at the
dialog: mess we're in! That's her mess, not
dialog: mine...! We're worse off then if
dialog: she'd never come at all!
dialog: (to the Trumpeter)
dialog: ... now do as I say and Sound the
dialog: Retreat!
text: The Trumpeter obeys and signals the evening wrap. The
text: English jeer and whistle from their impregnable battery as
text: the French head back up the sloping sides of the moat.
scene_heading: INT. ST. AUGUSTINE MONASTERY - DUSK
text: Jeanne lies asleep inside the ruined church, guarded by
text: her two page boys. A small fire burns nearby to keep her
text: warm, but she is shivering...
scene_heading: EXT. ORLEANS - JEANNE'S NIGHTMARE - NIGHT
text: She suddenly awakes with a start, then gets up and goes to
text: the fire. She kneels down... puts her hands in the
text: flames... and scoops up a handful of ash. She paints her
text: face with the black ash, like a native warrior, then
text: stands back up, turning to face a small army...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: My brave soldiers, do you believe in
dialog: God?
text: The Army cries out "Yeesssss!"
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Then let God's punishment be done:
dialog: Eye for eye...
text: ... and a sudden FLASH of lightning transforms some of her
dialog: men into skeletons...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: ... tooth for tooth...!
dialog: (another flash)
dialog: ... burn for burn...!
dialog: (another flash)
dialog: ... life for a life!
text: ... a final FLASH, and her whole army is now a seething
text: swarm of SKELETONS. With a curdling cry of vengeance they
text: race forward, passing either side of her...
text: Jeanne turns to see the skeleton army heading across a
text: bizarre bridge and onto the moonlit battery, flowing
text: either side of the 8 year-old BOY she saw in the woods as
text: a child. Intrigued, Jeanne follows him, but by the time
text: she reaches him, the boy has disappeared. The skeletons
text: have also vanished, to be replaced by an army of little
text: English boys in man-sized armor, heading toward a distant
dialog: figure.
text: The boy-soldiers are being welcomed by the beautiful MAN
text: Jeanne saw earlier. He smiles at her, extending his arms
text: in a Christ-like gesture of embrace...
text: As Jeanne approaches him, others turn to welcome her --
text: Aulon, Dunois, Alencon... finally La Hire, holding out his
dialog: arms --
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Jeanne, come here my friend, my
dialog: soldier... in my arms!
text: La Hire scoops her up into his bear-like arms and swings
text: her round... suddenly, over his shoulder she spots a
text: familiar figure: her dead sister.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Catherine??
text: She breaks from La Hire and runs to Catherine, throwing
text: her arms around her and sobbing with joy...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Catherine... oh, Catherine -- I knew
dialog: you wouldn't leave me...!
text: They stand for a moment, embracing each other, while La
text: Hire and the other Captains applaud Jeanne's victory. The
text: beautiful young MAN approaches them, but we now see that
text: he has a sword clasped behind his back...
text: Catherine's face contorts in pain. She slumps forward,
text: the sword in her back. Beyond her, the beautiful MAN has
text: transformed into the grotesque Blackbeard, who roars with
text: laughter as Jeanne holds her dying sister...
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Avenge me... avenge me...!
text: A circle of fire forms around them, with skeleton soldiers
text: dancing in the flames...
text: Blackbeard's echoing laugh is gradually superimposed by
text: real laughter and a familiar voice...
speaker_heading: REDBEARD (O.S.)
dialog: Hey... Frenchies... what happened to
dialog: your precious angel, huh?
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - FRENCH CAMP - DAWN
text: All is quiet, the troops lie sleeping. Redbeard calls
text: through the mist from the raised drawbridge spanning the
dialog: dry moat linking the battery to the French camp --
speaker_heading: REDBEARD
dialog: Frenchies, you hear me? What
dialog: happened to your little virgin?
text: Jeanne is awake. She listens to Redbeard...
speaker_heading: REDBEARD
dialog: I'll tell you what happened... we
dialog: sent her back to Hell so she can go
dialog: fuck with the Devil!
text: Now Jeanne is caressing her horse while Redbeard taunts...
speaker_heading: REDBEARD
dialog: What are you going to do, Frenchies?
dialog: Why not come out and fight? Or are
dialog: you too busy praying to bring your
dialog: witch back from the dead? Do you
dialog: hear me?
text: Suddenly Jeanne emerges from the mist, riding her horse
text: and brandishing her banner --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I hear you! May God forgive your
dialog: blasphemy... but I never can!
text: She turns and disappears back into the mist.
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - BATTERY - DAWN
text: Redbeard blinks in amazement. He turns to another
dialog: soldier --
speaker_heading: REDBEARD
dialog: Go and wake up Glasdale...!
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - FRENCH CAMP - DAWN
text: Jeanne rides along the columns of sleeping soldiers...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Come on -- wake up -- sound trumpets
dialog: and to horse!
text: The dazed and sleepy French drag themselves from their
text: straw beds. Dunois emerges from his tent, bleary and
text: half-naked...
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: We're taking back the Tourelles!
scene_heading: INT. TOURELLES - TURRET ROOM - DAWN
text: The Guard shakes Glasdale awake...
speaker_heading: GLASDALE
dialog: What's happening?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: My lord... the French witch just
text: came back from the dead.
text: Glasdale hauls himself from his bed.
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - FRENCH CAMP - DAWN
text: Jeanne supervises her men as they push a huge siege tower
text: toward the dry moat. She rides over to Aulon...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Get all the men to horse and ready
dialog: to follow...
text: Aulon goes as Dunois hurries over...
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Jeanne, what are you doing with
dialog: that... you've got it back to
dialog: front...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I know what I'm doing, so either
dialog: lend a hand or go back to bed!
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - BATTERY - DAWN
text: Redbeard watches in bewilderment as the siege machine
text: starts to materialize through the mist...
speaker_heading: REDBEARD
dialog: What the hell she's playing at...?
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - TURRET - DAWN
text: Glasdale is equally perplexed, gazing out from his garret
text: window across the battery. An archer is by his side.
speaker_heading: GLASDALE
dialog: Crazy bitch... she doesn't even know
dialog: how to use it...
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - DRY MOAT/BATTERY - DAWN
text: The French wheel the enormous siege tower toward a wooden
text: lip above the dry moat. The drawbridge is firmly raised
text: on the far side. Redbeard's complacent expression changes
text: as he suddenly realizes what's about to happen...
speaker_heading: REDBEARD
dialog: Oh shit...
text: He backs away as the machine reaches the lip. Suddenly it
text: topples forward, crashing down on top of the raised
text: drawbridge and demolishing it beneath its enormous
dialog: weight...
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - TURRET - DAWN
text: From his elevated viewpoint, Glasdale watches in horror as
text: Aulon leads the French cavalry across the siege machine
text: bridge that now spans the dry moat, giving them access to
dialog: the battery...
speaker_heading: GLASDALE
dialog: Raise the drawbridge!
text: The Archer passes Glasdale's order along -- a chain
text: message that reaches the gate-keeper, who promptly starts
dialog: to turn the winch...
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - BATTERY - DAY
text: As the French swarm onto the battery, Redbeard and his
text: soldiers turn tail and race back toward the second
text: drawbridge into the Tourelles...
speaker_heading: REDBEARD
dialog: Wait for me!
text: The bridge is already being winched up... Redbeard is the
text: first to reach it... with a desperate leap he manages to
text: grab the lip of the bridge and scramble over...
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - COURTYARD - DAY
text: ... rolling down into the sanctuary of the Tourelles on
text: the far side.
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - BATTERY - DAY
text: His comrades are less fortunate, and are slaughtered by
text: the advancing French.
text: Jeanne urges her troops forward, her white banner
text: billowing in the breeze, but with the drawbridge raised,
dialog: there is no way for them to enter the Tourelles. The
text: English hurl fresh insults -- and bombards -- from the
text: battlements above, and the French are forced to take cover
text: behind two ruined buildings on the battery.
text: Jeanne rides across to a ruined barn where several carts
text: are stacked with felled tree-trunks. She spots La Hire...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Prepare these as battering-rams!
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: What's the use? The drawbridge is
dialog: up!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Not for long...
text: Under a hail of English arrows, Jeanne rides back across
text: the open battery to a ruined house on the other side. She
text: sees Aulon and dismounts...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: The king said you're his finest
dialog: archer...?
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Come with me...
scene_heading: INT. RUINED HOUSE - TOURELLES - DAY
text: Jeanne leads Aulon through the ruined house to the far
text: end, where a window overlooks the river-moat that
text: separates the battery from the Tourelles.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: You see those wooden beams...?
text: Jeanne points to the two beams supporting the chains of
dialog: the drawbridge further along...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I want you to set them on fire!
scene_heading: INT. TOURELLES - TURRET - DAY
text: Glasdale spots Jeanne running back across the battery. He
text: summons his Archer, pointing her out...
speaker_heading: GLASDALE
dialog: Kill her.
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - BATTERY - DAY
text: Jeanne leaves the ruined house and spots Gilles standing
text: with Alencon. As she approaches, Gilles spots the archer
text: in Glasdale's window far above, taking aim.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Gilles -- fetch the Dijon Culverins
dialog: and place them over there...
text: Jeanne turns her back -- the Archer fires -- Gilles holds
text: up his shield -- the arrow strikes it -- and Jeanne turns
text: back, unaware that he has just saved her life.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Clear?
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: Perfectly.
text: Gilles heads off, leaving Alencon looking left out.
speaker_heading: ALENCON
dialog: And me... what can I do?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Um... round up the horses and keep
dialog: them safe...
speaker_heading: ALENCON
dialog: Good idea.
text: Leaving Alencon to his task, Jeanne rides off...
text: ... and THUMP! a flaming arrow lands in one of the
text: drawbridge beams.
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - COMPLEX - DAY
text: An English soldier peers down to see both beams ablaze...
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Fetch some water!
text: The command is passed down the line -- a bucket is lowered
text: into the river and hauled back up -- the bucket rushed up
text: stone stairs to the soldier on the battlements...
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - BATTERY - DAY
text: Meanwhile Jeanne returns to Dunois and La Hire --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
text: Stand by with the battering-rams...
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: We need another ten minutes...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: The bridge won't wait!
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Leave it to me...
text: Back on the battlements, the bucket of water is passed up
text: to the Soldier, who tries to pour it over the edge and
text: onto the blazing beam. Aulon spots him from below and
text: fires a flaming arrow -- it pierces the soldier, who pours
text: the water on himself, extinguishing the flames...
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - COMPLEX - DAY
text: TIGHT SHOTS: hands wind the handle of a bobbin -- a
text: device is activated -- a lever thrown -- a grille slides
dialog: sideways...
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - BATTERY - DAY
text: The beams collapse -- the support chains give way -- and
text: the drawbridge comes crashing down. Beyond it is a
text: portcullis, but to La Hire's exuberant volunteers this is
text: no barrier. Carrying buckets of flaming oil, they charge
dialog: forward...
text: ... but as they race across the drawbridge, a sudden
text: volley of high-velocity arrows discharge from the lower
text: apertures of the portcullis, felling them before they even
text: get halfway across the bridge.
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - COMPLEX - DAY
text: The English cackle with delight at the sight of the dying
text: French writhing in the flaming oil. Redbeard -- in charge
text: of the multiple balista -- orders the device to be
text: reloaded, then yells through the upper portcullis...
speaker_heading: REDBEARD
dialog: Hey, what happened to the whore?
dialog: Sorry... virgin!
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - BATTERY - DAY
text: Dunois views the massacred soldiers lying on the bridge
text: amid the dying flames. Jeanne is about to mount her
dialog: horse...
speaker_heading: REDBEARD
dialog: Send her over here and she won't
dialog: stay a virgin for long!
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Jeanne, don't do it! Just stop and
dialog: think for once! Don't you see? The
dialog: gate's a trap... and he's the bait!
text: Redbeard roars with laughter as Jeanne yells back --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I take pity on your soul,
dialog: Englishman!
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - COMPLEX - DAY
text: Redbeard checks the reloading of the balista...
speaker_heading: REDBEARD
dialog: What the matter? Frightened of a
dialog: little English stuffing?
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - BATTERY - DAY
text: Jeanne gently puts her arm around her horse's neck,
dialog: whispering to it...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: We must both be brave...
text: She kisses it lightly, then grabs her banner from Louis,
dialog: calling out to the others --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: When you see my banner touch the
dialog: door, the fortress is ours!
text: ... and away she rides, across the drawbridge, still piled
text: with the slaughtered men from the first attack.
speaker_heading: REDBEARD
dialog: ... and... fire!!
text: Another volley of arrows discharges from the portcullis
text: and Jeanne's horse collapses. The English cheer...
scene_heading: INT. TOURELLES - TURRET - DAY
text: From his garret window high above, Glasdale sees Jeanne
text: spread-eagled next to her dead horse on the drawbridge
text: below. He turns to his servant with a grin...
speaker_heading: GLASDALE
dialog: This time she won't be back.
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - BATTERY - DAY
text: Aulon gapes in horror... but then suddenly Jeanne is back
text: up on her feet again. Gripping her banner, she dashes
text: forward toward the portcullis, implanting it just as
text: Redbeard opens a little sliding grille -- Jeanne jabs her
dialog: banner through --
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - COMPLEX - DAY
text: ... impaling Redbeard's skull on the far side! His body
text: crumples to the ground, wedged between the base of the
text: portcullis and the balista.
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - BATTERY - DAY
text: Jeanne runs back across the drawbridge, crying out...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: The place is ours!
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - COMPLEX - DAY
text: Inside the Tourelles, the English try to operate the
text: reloaded balista. But Redbeard's corpse is wedged so
dialog: tightly that they can't move it...
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - BATTERY - DAY
text: Jeanne moves aside as La Hire and his men heave the carts
text: laden with tree-trunk battering-rams across the bridge...
scene_heading: INT. TOURELLES - TURRET - DAY
dialog: Glasdale has seen enough...
scene_heading: INT. TOURELLES - DAY
text: ... He tears down into the courtyard, mustering soldiers
dialog: as he goes --
speaker_heading: GLASDALE
dialog: To arms! To arms!
text: With a triumphant battle-cry, the French charge their
text: battering-ram into the portcullis...
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - COMPLEX - DAY
text: ... demolishing it like matchwood, then storm inside the
text: fortress. Glasdale cries out to his troops --
speaker_heading: GLASDALE
text: Soldiers... In the name of the king,
dialog: I want you to kill these French dogs
dialog: until there's none left!
text: The English troops swarm either side of the broken
text: portcullis, forcing most of the French back onto the
dialog: battery...
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - BATTERY - DAY
text: La Hire lets out a blood-curdling, primeval war-cry and
text: charges forward to meet the English wave head on. Jeanne
text: is caught in the middle, buffeted from side to side by a
text: sea of heaving, sweating, bleeding bodies...
text: In this melee it is impossible to know who is friend or
dialog: foe, and the images become so blurred that we and Jeanne
text: are soon lost in a mist of dust and noise...
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - DREAM - DAY
text: FLASH: our eyes are momentarily blinded by the sun... and
text: when we return, we find Jeanne in the middle of the
text: battery, but now totally alone, weaving her sword through
text: the air in SLOW MOTION as she once did with her stick...
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - DREAM - DAY/NIGHT
text: FLASH: Jeanne is still weaving the air with her sword,
text: but she is now a little girl of eight, playing in the
text: field we first saw her in. The small BOY looks at her,
dialog: smiling...
text: FLASH: Jeanne continues to play, but is now 17, and the
text: boy is now a young MAN, still smiling. He calls out to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Jeanne... what are you doing?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Playing...
text: She sweeps her sword and decapitates a flower. Blood
text: flows from the stalk... Jeanne looks at it, more in
text: childish curiosity than astonishment or horror. She
text: looks at the sword, the blade now streaked with blood...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Jeanne... what are you doing?
text: Jeanne pauses, looks at him steadily... and suddenly
text: notices that blood is trickling down his face. A SHAFT OF
text: LIGHT blazes, wind billows... and suddenly it's winter,
text: the trees naked, heavy with snow...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What have you done to me, Jeanne?
text: Jeanne looks horrified. The Man puts his hands to her
text: face, gazing deep into her eyes...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What have you done to me?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I -- I -- I...
scene_heading: EXT. TOURELLES - COURTYARD - DAY
text: Jeanne is screaming at Aulon, who is gripping her blood-
text: splattered face as the Man did...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne, calm down, do you hear me?
dialog: Are you alright?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: It's over, Jeanne. We won, just as
dialog: you said!
text: Jeanne looks about her in a daze. La Hire strides over,
text: arms extended, extravagant as always --
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Jeanne, come here my friend, my
dialog: soldier... in my arms!
text: Jeanne starts laughing -- she can't believe it...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: We... won?!
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Won?! Such a small word will never
dialog: do! This is victory, Jeanne, this
dialog: is... glory!
text: He scoops her up in his bear-like arms like an ebullient
text: lover, both laughing in the moment. He slowly turns her
text: around, breathing in a great lungful of air and savoring
text: the smell of what Jeanne now sees over his shoulder: the
text: entire courtyard, knee-deep in bodies and bits of bodies
dialog: -- including the gallant Xaintrailles.
text: Jeanne too can smell the reek of fresh, warm gore. Her
text: laugh turns to a cry of anguish. La Hire sets her back
dialog: down...
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Jeanne -- what's the matter??
text: Jeanne is utterly horrified... her legs tremble... amber
text: liquid trickles down her armor...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: You call this... glory...? All
dialog: this... this blood... this smell
dialog: of...
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: ... the smell of victory, Jeanne!
dialog: Mmmmmmm! I love it!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: It's not possible...
text: Jeanne sees a French soldier of meager wit, hauling a
text: dying English soldier onto his knees for some obscure
dialog: purpose.
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: You look disappointed... Isn't this
dialog: what you wanted?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No... not like this...
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: For weeks you've been asking for
dialog: this... well now you have it!
text: The Soldier is about to smash the Englishman's mouth with
text: a mace. Jeanne snaps out of her momentary stupor and
text: races across, stumbling over the dead bodies...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Stop it! What are you doing?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Nothing... just taking his teeth.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: But you can't just kill a man for
dialog: his teeth!
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Why not? He has good teeth...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Because... because you just can't!
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: Eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth...
text: Jeanne ignores the laconic Gilles...
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Besides, what about these...?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: That's different... I mean... we
dialog: were fighting for a... for a cause!
text: Gilles grins, but La Hire looks genuinely bemused at
text: Jeanne's behavior. The soldier shrugs, unimpressed.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Not me. He's my prisoner... I can
dialog: take his teeth if I want to...
text: He is about to smash the teeth...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No!
text: She throws herself in front of the startled Frenchman.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Take mine instead -- here -- smash
dialog: mine first!
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Jeanne... get up... this is
dialog: ridiculous...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: If you kill him, you kill me!
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: Jeanne... let him do it. One more
dialog: dead body's not going to make any
dialog: difference, so who cares?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I care! And I care because God
dialog: cares! All life is precious to God
dialog: -- even his -- even yours and
dialog: mine...
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Jeanne... the man hasn't been paid
dialog: for six months -- that's his only
dialog: reward. Let him take a few teeth...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: A few teeth... that's the price of
dialog: his life?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Here -- take this instead.
text: She wrenches a ring from her finger and flings it at the
dialog: soldier.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: He's mine now.
text: Jeanne cuts the Englishman's bonds...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Now you... get out.
text: The English soldier doesn't wait for further prompting.
text: Gilles claps...
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: Bravo! What about all the other
dialog: hundreds of prisoners? Do we let
dialog: them go too?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Maybe... I don't know... but first
dialog: we have to confess...
scene_heading: INT. AUGUSTINE MONASTERY - DAY
text: Jeanne marches her blood-splattered captains into the
text: church and up the aisle toward the rubble-strewn altar.
text: She sees a terrified Franciscan PRIEST and grabs hold of
dialog: him...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Please... we have to be confessed...
dialog: all of us... now! I know it's not
dialog: normal custom, but sometimes... you
dialog: know... we have to make an exception
dialog: and... and today is an exception...
text: The Priest looks confounded. Jeanne turns to the
dialog: Captains.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: He's going to confess us. Kneel!
text: All but La Hire kneel, although their armor is stiff at
dialog: the joints.
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Jeanne, if you don't mind... I'll
dialog: stay standing... this armor... it's
dialog: a nightmare to get back up...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I said, kneel!
text: Jeanne raises her sword and brings the flat blade whacking
text: against the back of his legs. La Hire crumples, and
text: Jeanne turns to the Priest...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Please... we're ready... begin!
text: The Priest is totally lost... he begins to mumble a few
text: words in Latin just as a soldier burst in --
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: The English... they're forming up...
text: thousands of them... on the far side
dialog: of the river...
text: The Captains look anxiously at Jeanne. She hesitates a
text: moment, then gazes up at the battered crucifix on the
text: altar and closes her eyes in prayer...
scene_heading: EXT. NORTH PLATEAU - ORLEANS - DAWN
text: Jeanne opens her eyes. It is dawn, and two silent armies
text: are drawn up facing one another: four thousand Englishmen
text: on the left, two thousand Frenchmen on the right. They
text: have barely had time to recover from the Tourelles, and
dialog: the lust for battle is gone. We sense that this is going
dialog: to be a blood bath that nobody wants.
text: Franciscan monks move among them, sprinkling them with
text: holy water in final absolution. The battle lines are too
dialog: far apart for the English to see any details, but the
text: sight of massed soldiers kneeling before an invisible God
dialog: is an awesome spectacle.
text: Jeanne and the Captains are mounted, facing the English.
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Well...? Shall we go?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: The English won't wait.
text: Jeanne hesitates...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I'll go.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne, no...
text: But Dunois silences him, indicating to Gilles that he
dialog: should accompany her.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Alone.
text: Dunois is again obliged to comply, and Gilles hangs back.
text: From the English lines, we see a small, solitary figure
text: emerge from the massed ranks of French soldiers.
text: Jeanne moves halfway between the two armies. The English
text: soldiers watch her, mesmerized, while their captains
dialog: remain motionless.
text: In the middle of the field, Jeanne halts. From the French
text: POV she looks dangerously vulnerable. The English
text: commander -- TALBOT -- draws up alongside his Captains,
text: watching her with grey eyes and an expression of stone.
text: Only we see that Jeanne is crying. She rubs the tears
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I have a message for your King
dialog: Henry. It is a message from God.
text: The English stand silent.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Go home... Go now, in peace. If you
dialog: don't go now, you will be buried in
dialog: this field. I've seen enough blood
dialog: for today, but if you want more, I
dialog: can't stop you. I can only warn you
dialog: that it will be your blood, not
dialog: ours.
text: Talbot whispers something to one of his Captains. He
text: withdraws to pass the message on. Jeanne -- and her
text: French captains -- try to gauge the English mood.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I'm waiting for your answer.
text: Now the English Captains start moving along their flanks.
text: Something's about to happen. Dunois and the French watch
text: in dismay as the English flanks move aside, exposing their
text: dreaded archers. Jeanne closes her eyes, tears brimming.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Please, Lord... don't... don't let
dialog: this happen... don't leave me...
text: The English archers take a step back, their cavalry move
text: slowly forward, then turn to their right, the men letting
text: them through. Dunois turns to La Hire...
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: Never wait for miracles. Stand by
dialog: to attack...
text: The serried ranks of English infantry close in, then halt.
dialog: We're ready for the worst, and it takes Jeanne -- and us
text: -- a full twenty seconds to realize what is happening:
text: the English are leaving. First the cavalry, then the
text: infantry, finally the archers themselves.
text: Jeanne cannot believe her eyes. She burst out laughing
text: and crying at the same time. The French captains gape in
text: astonishment. Finally La Hire can contain himself no
dialog: longer --
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: By God and all the saints... now
dialog: that's what I call a bloody miracle!
text: The French burst into jubilation...
scene_heading: INT. CHINON CASTLE - DAY
text: As the cheering builds, we see a Messenger race along a
text: corridor and burst into the throne room. Charles slowly
text: rises on hearing the joyous news, clapping his hands in
text: delight -- not least at the discomfort of Tremoille and
dialog: Regnault. But Yolande shares his enthusiasm, although we
text: sense that the news comes as no great surprise.
scene_heading: INT. ROUEN CASTLE - DAY
text: The cheering continues as another Messenger races along a
text: similar stone corridor and bursts in on the haggard Duke
text: of BEDFORD. He is the English regent, and is in council
dialog: with several others, including the Bishop of Beauvais --
text: one Pierre CAUCHON. As Bedford hears the news, the
text: cheering FADES. He rises from his chair...
speaker_heading: BEDFORD
dialog: I want that girl. I want her
dialog: burned.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - RHEIMS - DAY
text: The crowd goes wild as Jeanne rides through the streets of
text: Rheims, carrying her banner in triumph. She is followed
text: by Aulon and her two page boys, and is accompanied by
text: soldiers who do their best to hold the ecstatic crowd at
text: bay. At the far end of the street: a magnificent
dialog: cathedral.
scene_heading: INT. VESTRY - RHEIMS CATHEDRAL - DAY
text: Backstage pandemonium as Charles is readied for his
text: imminent coronation. A glamorous Gilles tries to help him
text: into his ermine robe; Tremoille stands with Archbishop
text: Regnault, adjusting his gold-trimmed cloak. An ancient
text: BISHOP -- palsied and pushing 80 -- stands by, hands
dialog: a-trembling.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: It's too tight -- where's the
dialog: seamstress? And that...
dialog: (pointing to crown)
dialog: ... that's meant to be a crown?
dialog: Don't you have something more --
dialog: more regal?
text: A young Priest is holding the dowdy crown...
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: The English took the real one...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I asked for a grandiose coronation,
dialog: and this is what you give me? This
dialog: whole thing's going to be a complete
dialog: fiasco...!
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Sire, we were only given three days
dialog: to prepare -- three days! -- Why,
dialog: your father's coronation took three
dialog: months!
text: Charles turns to Tremoille --
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: He's probably right -- let's call a
dialog: delay...
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: There's no time, sire -- we can't
dialog: hold up the ceremony... there's no
dialog: telling when the English might come
dialog: back... they're only ten leagues
dialog: away...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Let them come! Let them see who's
dialog: the true king of France!
text: Further away, Dunois is examining himself in a looking-
text: glass. He is standing with Gilles de Rais, both
text: resplendent in their armor, now cleaned and polished...
speaker_heading: DUNOIS
dialog: It's been muddy for so long, I
dialog: forgot how good it looked when
dialog: cleaned up...
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: Did you remember to clean up what's
dialog: inside as well?
text: Dunois ribs him with his elbow, both laughing. In another
text: corner, Alencon is fast asleep.
text: Charles is still grumbling...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Those damn English... we should be
dialog: doing this in Paris... in Notre Dame
dialog: -- much more prestigious -- and
dialog: twice as big as this one!
text: Yolande, who has been standing quietly in the shadows with
text: Richmond, steps forward...
speaker_heading: YOLANDE
dialog: It is the sacred place that matters,
dialog: Charles -- not the size. Am I
dialog: correct, Bishop?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Oh yes, my lady. All true kings of
dialog: France must first be anointed in our
dialog: great cathedral of Rheims... with
dialog: the holy oil of Clovis... for it was
dialog: within these very walls that Saint
dialog: Remy received the sacred oil from
text: Heaven, brought to him by a white
dialog: dove for the anointing of King
dialog: Clovis...
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: Yes, yes -- well let's just get on
dialog: with it, shall we?
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: ... before the English turn up and
dialog: spoil everything.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: They wouldn't dare!
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: I wouldn't be so sure. It only
text: takes one of them -- in disguise --
text: Gilles pulls a sharp dagger -- Charles looks petrified...
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: ... with a good dagger... that's all
dialog: it takes...
text: Gilles lifts the dagger... and snips a loose thread from
text: Charles's shoulder...
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: ... to ruin the whole thing.
text: Gilles sheaths his dagger, but Charles is now panicking.
text: He glances at those around him as though one of them might
text: be a spy. Gilles moves away, and Charles turns to his
dialog: pages --
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Hurry up!
text: Further away, the Bishop's assistant Canon hurries in,
text: holding a small jar --
speaker_heading: CANON
dialog: Your Grace, there can be no
dialog: anointing!
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: What in heaven's name are you
dialog: talking about?
speaker_heading: CANON
dialog: The holy oil of Clovis -- it's all
dialog: gone!
text: The ancient Archbishop can scarcely believe his ears. He
text: peers inside the little jar just as Yolande arrives with
dialog: Richmond...
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Gone?? But that's impossible --
dialog: it's magic oil... I mean miraculous
dialog: oil -- it can never be exhausted...
speaker_heading: CANON
dialog: Look for yourself!
text: The Canon offers it to the Bishop, but Yolande
dialog: intervenes...
speaker_heading: YOLANDE
dialog: Problem?
text: He hands her the little jar...
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: I don't understand... the holy oil
dialog: of Clovis... it was quite full the
dialog: last time I saw it...
speaker_heading: YOLANDE
dialog: And when was that?
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Well... at the coronation of King
dialog: Charles VI...
speaker_heading: YOLANDE
dialog: Thirty years ago? I'm not surprised
dialog: it's gone...
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: No no, you don't understand -- this
dialog: is no ordinary oil -- this is
dialog: miraculous... this oil was brought
dialog: from heaven by a white dove to crown
dialog: King Clovis in this... very...
dialog: cathedral...
text: Yolande has moved away, to be replaced by the hideously-
text: scarred Richmond. The Bishop's voice trails as he sees
text: Yolande beyond him, taking an oil lamp from the wall and
text: pouring a little oil into the jar.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: W-w-what are you doing?!
speaker_heading: YOLANDE
text: Performing a miracle.
text: Richmond curtails any protest with a toothy grin.
text: There's a growing SOUND of excitement coming from beyond.
text: Finally Jeanne appears in the doorway, carrying her banner
text: and followed by her faithful page boys, Louis and Raymond.
text: La Hire nudges Alencon awake as she passes, giving an
text: admiring whistle.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Ah, Jeanne... come here...! This
dialog: whole coronation idea of yours is a
dialog: fiasco... nothing is ready...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: ... You look wonderful...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: ... and my crown doesn't fit and...
dialog: (breaking off)
dialog: Really??
text: She looks up and down, appraising him...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: You look like a king.
text: Charles melts. TRUMPETS SOUND from the great Cathedral
dialog: beyond...
scene_heading: INT. RHEIMS CATHEDRAL - DAY
text: Two tiers of boys sing in plainsong as Charles enters
text: through a small door and into the vastness of the crowded
text: Cathedral. It is filled to capacity, with Jeanne's
text: comrades-in-arms filling the front pews like eager fans,
text: straining for a glimpse of her.
text: Tremoille waddles behind Charles, with Regnault, Yolande
text: and Richmond in tow. Next, the two page boys -- and then
dialog: at last the main attraction as far as this congregation is
text: concerned -- the crowd lets out an audible gasp as Jeanne
text: enters in her white armor, carrying her proud, war-scarred
text: banner and escorted by Jean d'Aulon.
text: La Hire is so moved at the sight that he has to wipe away
dialog: big soppy tears (for sentimentality was ever the flip-side
text: of cruelty). Alencon and Dunois likewise gaze at their
dialog: adored one, though Gilles is perhaps more taken with the
dialog: cherubic choir boys...
text: Jeanne trembles with emotion. This is the peak of her
text: career, and she knows it, and she's making the most of it.
text: As the little procession reaches the nave, all but Charles
text: filter aside. He walks forward alone to where Archbishop
text: Regnault is standing -- a few paces -- then stops, turns
text: -- and holds out his hands to Jeanne.
text: The crowd gasp with approval at the unprecedented
text: gesture... La Hire briefly claps, before being dug in the
text: ribs by Gilles... but the kingly act provokes jealous
text: looks from Regnault and Tremoille...
text: Jeanne hesitates, then is almost willed on by the crowd
text: into joining Charles. She stands a little aside as he
text: kneels. Regnault sprinkles the Holy Oil on his
dialog: sovereign's head...
speaker_heading: REGNAULT
dialog: With this sacred oil, blessed by the
dialog: hand of God the Father Almighty, we
dialog: do anoint thee Charles Valois...
text: Regnault breaks off: there's a commotion at the back of
text: the cathedral. Charles looks around -- anxious faces turn
dialog: -- soldiers draw their swords -- is it the English??
text: Bored by the ceremony, young Louis has been kicking legs
text: again, and one of the guards is nursing a bruised shin.
text: With all eyes suddenly upon him, Louis flushes -- and is
text: quickly taken in hand by Yolande. After the brief
text: interruption, Regnault continues...
speaker_heading: REGNAULT
dialog: ... we do anoint thee Charles
dialog: Valois, Sovereign Lord and King of
dialog: this great kingdom of France,
dialog: charging that ye defend the faith of
dialog: our Mother Holy Church so long as ye
dialog: shall live...
text: It could almost be the marriage ceremony. Jeanne watches
text: in tears, trembling with emotion as the Archbishop takes
text: the crown and holds it above Charles' head, then slowly,
text: slowly lowers it...
text: As he does so, an eerie SOUND, like a bullet in slow-
text: motion coming straight at us... followed by a cry from
dialog: Jeanne...
scene_heading: EXT. PARIS WALLS - ST. DENIS - DAY
text: Jeanne gasps -- sways...
text: Torrential rain, sweeping across the grey, mud-filled moat
text: in great curtains. She's standing on the bank above the
text: moat, looking across at the massive city walls where
text: ladders have been set up. Aulon catches up with her...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne...! Are you alright?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes. Yes, I'm fine...
dialog: (yelling out)
dialog: We need more brushwood!
dialog: (to Aulon)
dialog: Why are you staring at me like that?
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Because there's an arrow in your leg.
text: She looks down and there it is, poking out her leg: an
text: arrow has penetrated her armor.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: So there is...
text: She hadn't realized -- and doesn't seem that bothered.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: ... but that's no reason for you to
dialog: stop. You can still climb a ladder,
dialog: can't you? So go on then... climb!
text: Aulon looks across at the endless ladders, disappearing
text: into the mist and smoke at the top of the gigantic wall.
text: Jeanne calls out to her page, Raymond --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Raymond! Over here!
text: Raymond hurries over...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Pull it out.
text: Raymond looks terrified --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Pull it out!
text: Raymond grips the arrow while Jeanne gazes across at one
text: of the ladders laden with Frenchmen. As he pulls it out,
text: the ladder falls back, plunging the soldiers to their
text: deaths. Jeanne gasps in pain...
text: La Hire and Gilles are further along the bank...
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: This is no good!
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: No good? This is a disaster!
text: Gilles stumbles along the bank to Jeanne...
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: Jeanne... The men are exhausted!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I know, but so is the enemy --
dialog: they're falling back -- Paris is
dialog: ours...!
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: Jeanne... we're not enough...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: So... bring up the reinforcements!
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: Reinforcements? Where??
text: Jeanne waves vaguely behind her --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
text: Right behind us -- Dunois with
dialog: another then thousand men!
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: Jeanne, look behind you.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Never look behind -- only ahead!
text: Gilles grips her by the shoulders, forcing her to turn and
text: look behind. At most, a hundred bedraggled soldiers,
text: limping amid the carnage in the moat. Jeanne stares at
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: Do you know how to count?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Of course I do? Bring them up!
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: Jeanne... that is not ten thousand
dialog: reinforcements -- that is one
dialog: hundred very loyal but very tired
dialog: soldiers.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: But... where is Dunois... where are
dialog: the men the king promised me?
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: He never sent them... Don't you
dialog: understand? He doesn't want this
dialog: war anymore... he has his crown now,
dialog: that's all he ever wanted...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: But my voices... they promised me...
speaker_heading: GILLES
dialog: To hell with your voices -- it's
dialog: time to face facts! We have nothing
dialog: to do here... none of us... not even
dialog: you. You should go home, Jeanne.
text: Jeanne stares at them, in shock.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: You don't believe me anymore?
speaker_heading: LA HIRE
dialog: We still believe in you, Jeanne. If
dialog: it were up to me, I'd chase every
text: goddamn Englishman into the ocean.
dialog: But it's not up to us anymore --
dialog: it's up to the king...
text: Jeanne looks at him, suddenly furious --
scene_heading: INT. CHINON CASTLE - CORRIDORS - DAY
text: -- Jeanne storms along a corridor, her two page boys doing
dialog: their best to catch up with her...
scene_heading: INT. CHINON CASTLE - CHAMBER - DAY
text: She bursts in on Charles, who is cavorting in a bath-tub
text: with a few frivolous females.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Well, this is an unexpected
dialog: pleasure. Ladies, let me introduce
dialog: you to the celebrated Jeanne...
text: The damsels titter...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Get them out of here!
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Now hold on -- you're not captain
dialog: here... on the battlefield perhaps,
dialog: but not in the royal bedchamber!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Why did you betray me? Paris was
dialog: ours for the taking! All I needed
dialog: was another few hundred men... Why
dialog: did you take back the army you gave
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Gave you? Well now, I wouldn't
dialog: quite put it like that...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: (bluntly)
dialog: So how would you put it?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Well... we are, of course,
dialog: enormously grateful for your past
dialog: efforts, but your task is done. Now
dialog: it's time for negotiation... and
dialog: after many months of skillful work,
dialog: our dear Tremoille is about to seal
dialog: a treaty with our Burgundian friends
dialog: who will no longer lend their
dialog: support to the English. You see, my
dialog: dear Jeanne... as it is written in
dialog: the Bible, "to everything there is a
dialog: season: a time for war, and a time
dialog: for peace"...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Peace will only be got from the
dialog: English at the end of a lance!
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Why do you have to be so
dialog: bloodthirsty? Do you enjoy it? All
dialog: that blood and noise and pain?
dialog: Diplomacy is far more civilized...
dialog: far safer... and far cheaper...
text: Jeanne angrily holds out a fistful of letters --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I have letters here from towns under
dialog: siege -- Compiegne, Provins, Melin
dialog: -- where the people are starving,
dialog: begging God on their knees to help
dialog: them... and I'm here to answer their
dialog: prayers -- and you want to stop me?
dialog: France does not belong to you,
dialog: Charles -- she belongs to God. And
dialog: if you won't help me save her, I
dialog: shall do it alone!
text: Jeanne slings the letters in his face and marches out of
text: the room. Charles turns to the girls with a weary sigh.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: If only she would just go home.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - CHINON - DAY
text: Aulon reaches the door to a chapel to find it guarded by
dialog: Louis and Raymond.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: You can't go in.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Get out...!
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - CHINON - DAY
text: Aulon enters to find Jeanne crumpled by the altar. He
text: kneels beside her.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne... the king has ordered us
dialog: not to ride with you anymore.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: So... what am I supposed to do now?
text: Aulon hesitates.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: What do your voices say?
text: Jeanne pauses... a long moment, whether or not to confide.
text: Finally, and with a bleakness not sensed in her before...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: They've abandoned me... like
dialog: everyone.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: What... what do you mean?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: It's been weeks since they spoke to
dialog: me. Since the coronation... no
dialog: signs... nothing...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Maybe their silence is a sign...?
dialog: Maybe it's a sign to go home?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: It's not time yet. My mission is
dialog: not over yet. There is still more I
dialog: must do before I can really --
dialog: finally -- go home.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: But how do you know that these --
dialog: these voices aren't really just --
dialog: well, you.
text: Jeanne stares at him in bemusement -- then suddenly
dialog: laughs...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Well of course they're me! That's
dialog: how God talks to me. If you listen
dialog: hard enough, even you can hear him.
text: Everyone can hear him.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: But I hear so many voices... one
dialog: voice saying one thing, another
dialog: voice saying the opposite -- love
dialog: your enemy, kill your enemy -- what
dialog: is good, what is evil...?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: All you have to do is stop talking
dialog: and just listen.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: But how do you know what you hear is
dialog: the truth?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I don't know it. I feel it.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: You make it sound so simple...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: The truth is always simple... it's
dialog: you, Jean, who's making things
dialog: complicated.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Me?! It's not me, it's God who
dialog: makes everything complicated! If
dialog: he's all-powerful, why not let the
dialog: English stay on their island in the
dialog: first place? And why let this war
dialog: go on for a hundred years? And why
dialog: send you out to fight when a girl
dialog: like you should be at home with your
dialog: family? Why, why?!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: So... even you don't believe in me
dialog: anymore...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne... I believe in you... more
dialog: than anyone...
text: Aulon's hand touches Jeanne's hair. He leans forward, as
text: though being drawn by her eyes and mouth...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: I... I just wish I could... I want
dialog: to... to help you...
text: The moment is a little too intense. They gaze at each
text: other, then Jeanne suddenly pulls away...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: If you really want to help me,
dialog: there's one thing you can do.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Tell me...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Tell the king to give me more men.
text: Jeanne goes, leaving Aulon alone, deliberating.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINON - DAY
text: Jeanne and her pages mount their horses and ride off...
scene_heading: INT. CHAMBERS - CHINON - DAY
text: Aulon walks through a small antechamber and is about to
text: knock at a door when he pauses, hearing familiar voices.
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE (O.S.)
dialog: We have to stop her, your majesty.
dialog: If she raises her own army and
dialog: attacks the Burgundians at
dialog: Compiegne, all my months of painful
dialog: negotiations will have been in vain!
text: Aulon draws closer, shocked at what he hears...
speaker_heading: REGNAULT (O.S.)
text: Tremoille is right. She behaves as
dialog: though she were God! It's high time
dialog: she found out who's really in
dialog: command.
scene_heading: INT. KING'S CHAMBERS - CHINON - DAY
text: Regnault, Tremoille and Yolande coil about Charles like
text: serpents. Charles looks at them all.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: It's true. There's only one king...
dialog: people need to be reminded of that.
dialog: Nevertheless... Jeanne has done so
dialog: much for us...
speaker_heading: YOLANDE
dialog: I assure you, Charles, the Maiden
dialog: has no greater admirer than myself.
dialog: But whatever our personal feelings,
dialog: we cannot allow her to conduct her
dialog: own private war. For the sake of
dialog: the kingdom, it is imperative that
dialog: you stop her going to Compiegne...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I... I can't stop her.
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: Well if you don't, I'm sure the
dialog: Burgundians will be happy to oblige.
dialog: If they capture her at Compiegne...
speaker_heading: REGNAULT
dialog: ... no one can blame us.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I... I don't know... it'll sound
dialog: like we... betrayed her...?
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: Noooo!
speaker_heading: REGNAULT
dialog: Good heavens no!
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: Never!
speaker_heading: YOLANDE
dialog: Don't worry, Charles. If God is
dialog: still with her, she will be
dialog: victorious. We're not her judges...
dialog: we're just spectators. Let her go
dialog: to Compiegne, as you let her go to
dialog: Orleans, and let God decide her
dialog: fate.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: But... her army's so small now...
speaker_heading: YOLANDE
dialog: Then her faith will have to be
dialog: bigger.
text: Yolande gives Richmond a significant look.
scene_heading: INT. CHAMBERS - CHINON - DAY
dialog: Aulon can scarcely believe what he has heard!
scene_heading: INT. AULON'S ROOM - CHINON CASTLE - DAY
text: A table smashes against a stone wall... a chair splinters
text: in fragments. Aulon is in a frenzy, smashing up
dialog: furniture.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINON CASTLE - DAY
text: Aulon rides out from the castle...
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST CLEARING - DAY
text: Jeanne and her meager band of soldiers have paused for
text: food. Aulon makes his way through the trees -- and finds
text: Jeanne a little apart from the others, with her two page
dialog: boys...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne... I need to speak to you.
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: Alone.
text: Jeanne glances at him a moment, then nods for Louis and
dialog: Raymond to leave.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Did the king listen to you?
text: Aulon blushes... clears his throat...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne, I... I love you, Jeanne. I
dialog: love you and... I want to marry you.
text: Jeanne is a little taken aback, but is genuinely touched.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: That's not what I asked... Why do
dialog: you want to marry me?
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: You listen to your voices, I listen
dialog: to my heart.
text: Jeanne looks at him a beat.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: What did the king say?
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: He said that... he's making a treaty
dialog: with the Duke of Burgundy and...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: It's a trap! They're buying time
dialog: till they can bring over more
dialog: soldiers from England!
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Did your voices tell you that? You
dialog: told me you hadn't heard them for
dialog: months...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No, but...
speaker_heading: AULON
text: Or maybe it's Jeanne who's in a trap
text: -- her own trap -- a downward spiral
dialog: that she can't stop?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Did you come back to marry me or to
dialog: insult me?
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: To marry you.
text: A beat... then she looks away.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I will ask my voices... if they come
dialog: back one day. Meanwhile... I'm
dialog: going to Compiegne.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne... I have been hearing voices
dialog: -- and believe me, those voices left
dialog: me in no doubt that you must not go
dialog: to Compiegne!
text: She looks at him a moment, knowing that he speaks the
dialog: truth.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne... I believe in you -- but
dialog: can you believe in me for once?
dialog: Don't go... even if you don't want
dialog: to marry me.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I would like to marry you. But I
dialog: have already promised myself... to
dialog: God.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: But... you've done so much for God
dialog: as it is... can't you do something
dialog: for yourself for once -- for Jeanne?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: But it is what I want.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: To be killed in battle?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: If God wants me to win, he will find
dialog: a way. And if he wants me to die...
dialog: if he wants me back... then that's
dialog: fine too. Then I'll be with him
dialog: forever.
text: She has a dreamy, faraway look -- one with which Aulon
dialog: cannot compete.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Will you at least let me stay with
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: It would not be the same without
dialog: you.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPIEGNE - BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: SHARP CUT to a Man being felled by a cudgel. We are in
text: the middle of the battle, and things are not going well
text: for the French. The citizens and their MAYOR watch
text: anxiously from the draw-bridge and the town walls. Nearby
text: stands a familiar face: the battle-scarred Richmond. The
text: Mayor and Richmond exchange a glance that chills...
text: Jeanne is struggling to keep her banner aloft... then a
text: cry from close by, and to her horror she sees Raymond
text: collapse with an arrow in his breast. His faithful
text: companion Louis races to his side, throwing his arms
text: around him.
text: Jeanne jumps down from her horse, but by the time she
text: reaches him, his eyes are closed. Louis looks up at her,
text: tears brimming. Aulon rides up alongside Jeanne...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: We must sound the retreat!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Not yet!
text: With the enemy bearing down, there's no time to pause...
scene_heading: EXT. COMPIEGNE - WALLS & POV OF BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: From high on the town walls, the Mayor surveys the distant
text: battle. Richmond is standing a short distance away. He
text: gives him a sign. The Mayor turns to a Guard.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: I can't risk the town's safety.
text: Raise the drawbridge.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPIEGNE - BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: As Jeanne rides back with Aulon, she spots Richmond beyond
text: the drawbridge inside the town. There's a brief exchange
text: between them, a locking of eyes. Jeanne turns to Aulon...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Get back inside the town and see if
dialog: the English are attacking from the
dialog: other side!
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: But... why... what's the point?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Do as I say!
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: I want to stay with you...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: That's an order!
text: Aulon looks almost shocked. He backs away, then turns his
text: horse about and rides back across the drawbridge and into
text: the town. Seconds later, the drawbridge begins to rise,
text: and Jeanne is trapped.
text: She tries to fight her way clear of the advancing English,
text: but they encircle her. She lashes out with the flat of
text: her sword, trying to keep their swords and lances at bay.
text: The noose tightens -- her horse starts to panic... but
text: strangely there's a smile on her face, as though she sees
text: the end coming, this end that she so desires: to die on a
text: battlefield in penance for the blood shed in her name.
text: Suddenly a BOLT slices through BONE --
text: -- and Jeanne's horse collapses from under her. She rolls
text: to the ground, springing back to her feet as the English
text: close in. Again she flays the air with her sword, but it
text: becomes heavier and heavier as her energy finally begins
dialog: to drain.
text: A huge iron ball smashes her sword in two -- now she has
text: no weapon but her fists. Yet still she lashes out, like
text: a fox cornered by hounds. Another blow -- she falls to
text: the ground, her face gazing up. Her eyes soften, and
dialog: again that smile --
text: Her POV: High above the dust and smoke and flame of
text: battle -- a little patch of blue...
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - SUMMER - DAY
text: ... and Jeanne falls into the field of her childhood.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: My Lord...
text: -- the sky brightens -- the SUN dazzles -- space/time
text: dilates... with her arms wide open, Jeanne offers herself
dialog: to the skies --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Take me...!
text: Nature starts to consume her, integrating her as a part of
dialog: the whole... clouds, seasons and wind become one in an
text: apocalyptic ballet... grass, flowers and roots consume
text: her... the camera suddenly pulls back so fast and far that
text: within seconds the earth has become a revolving sphere in
dialog: the darkness of space...
text: FLASH: the sphere now becomes a four-dimensional torus, a
text: fluid, dynamic ring, evolving in and out of space...
text: FLASH: the torus blinks, and the dark center becomes a
text: BLUE EYE, the same diameter as Jeanne's. overwhelmed by
text: this vision. A shadow of a MAN clutching a mace is
text: reflected in the blueness...
text: SHARP CUT to the Man as he slams her... WHAM!
text: BLACK. Then a zillion stars evolve from the darkness,
text: slowly rotating inversely toward a central point as though
text: returning to the origin of space/time in one single
text: dimensionless point of light -- which then suddenly
text: EXPLODES...
text: At the same moment a HUGE EYE blinks open -- the EYE of
dialog: Jeanne...
scene_heading: INT. COMPIEGNE - PRISON - NIGHT
text: Jeanne's eyes search a darkness that gradually resolves
text: into the grim, dank confines of a dungeon. She sits bolt
text: upright, as though awakening from a nightmare.
text: She is on a wooden bed, her face bruised and tumefied. A
text: few inches away is a MAN, one side of his shaved head
text: catching a sliver of light. He's laughing at her.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I can't believe it... your romantic
dialog: vision of death, with all that grass
dialog: growing everywhere... I must admit,
dialog: you have a great imagination. Or
dialog: maybe not great enough. Death is
dialog: much more simple...
text: FLASH: A dead body lying in the silent forest, a trickle
text: of blood running from his mouth...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: ... after a few months it gets more
dialog: interesting...
text: FLASH: Same shot, only now the body is wriggling...
text: FLASH: The body is now reduced to skin and bones...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: ... then -- after a year -- it
text: finally becomes romantic...
text: FLASH: The same spot in the forest, but now there is no
text: sign of the body.
text: Jeanne shakes her head...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Who... who are you...?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I am that I am.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You don't like my face?
dialog: (evidently not)
dialog: Maybe you prefer this one...
text: His face melts into the little boy, sitting on a throne in
text: the middle of the wood. She gazes at him in
dialog: bewilderment --
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Too young maybe? How about this one?
text: The boy becomes the young man she saw in the forest.
text: Jeanne is breathless. The Man is invading her most secret
dialog: memories.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Better, no...? But incomplete.
text: Suddenly his face is flooded with blood, like the image of
dialog: the man she saw during the battle of Orleans...
text: Jeanne SCREAMS, covering her face...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Get thee behind me. Satan!
text: The Man smiles, unaffected by her outburst.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Who are you to even think you can
dialog: know the difference between good and
dialog: evil? Are you God?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No... no... I'm just a messenger...
dialog: He needs me... a higher calling...
text: Suddenly the man starts to bellow -- the walls tremble --
text: the bellow becomes a roar... clouds boil behind his
dialog: head...
speaker_heading: MAN
text: HOW CAN YOU BEGIN TO IMAGINE THAT
text: GOD, THE CREATOR OF HEAVEN AND
scene_heading: EARTH, THE SOURCE OF ALL LIFE, COULD
dialog: POSSIBLY NEED -- YOU?
text: Jeanne can no longer stop her tears...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I don't know... I thought...
speaker_heading: MAN
text: YOU THINK GOD ISN'T BIG ENOUGH TO
dialog: DELIVER HIS OWN MESSAGES?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I don't know... please... tell me
dialog: I'm dead...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: WHO ARE YOU TO DECIDE IF YOU SHOULD
dialog: LIVE OR DIE?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I... don't know... what do you want
dialog: from me?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Nothing. I'm here to set you
dialog: free...
text: The Man holds up his hand as though in judgment --
text: A hand slams across her face --
text: -- and she wakes up, nursing her hot cheek. In front of
text: her: the rough English guard who just struck her.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: I said, smile! You have visitors.
text: The door opens, and a smart delegation arrives in her
text: cell, led by a thin reed of a man, the Duke of BURGUNDY
text: and his right-arm, DIJON.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: His Grace the Duke of Burgundy.
text: Jeanne stares at him, confused...
speaker_heading: BURGUNDY
dialog: So... here is the famous Jeanne...
dialog: Savior of Orleans... terror of the
dialog: English? You look pretty ordinary
dialog: to me...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Am I... am I dead?
speaker_heading: BURGUNDY
dialog: Dead you're worthless, darling.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Where... where am I?
speaker_heading: BURGUNDY
dialog: Guess.
text: She looks about her dismal confines...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: My king will pay any ransom you ask.
speaker_heading: BURGUNDY
dialog: Your king? Ah yes, of course...
dialog: What's he going to pay me with?
dialog: Cows? Chickens? I prefer gold, and
dialog: the English have plenty. I wonder
dialog: how much they'll pay... to have the
dialog: Witch of Orleans in their clutches?
dialog: Those English are so arrogant, they
dialog: can't accept the idea of being
text: defeated by a peasant girl... it has
dialog: to have been the devil's work.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: God defeated the English, not me.
speaker_heading: BURGUNDY
dialog: And God who allowed you to be
dialog: caught?
dialog: Jeanne hadn't thought about that before.
speaker_heading: BURGUNDY
dialog: Personally I don't believe in God,
dialog: and I don't believe in the Devil
dialog: either. That's why I'm never
dialog: disappointed.
dialog: (to Dijon)
dialog: Sell her.
scene_heading: INT. CHINON CASTLE - DAY
text: Aulon goes to see the King in his chamber and hands him a
text: heavy sack. Tremoille and Regnault are present, as
dialog: always.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Here... to help pay Jeanne's ransom.
dialog: All the Captains gave what they
dialog: could, as well as the citizens of
dialog: Orleans and the other towns she
dialog: saved...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Very generous of you all. How much?
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: 10,000 gold crowns.
text: From their expressions, this is clearly an enormous
dialog: amount.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: 10,000... that's a lot... but I fear
dialog: not enough. But it will be my
dialog: pleasure to make up the difference.
dialog: (to Archbishop
dialog: Regnault)
dialog: Your Grace... I place you in charge
dialog: of this... sensitive negotiation.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DUKE OF BURGUNDY'S CASTLE - DAY
text: Burgundy's right-arm -- DIJON -- turns to his Assistant.
speaker_heading: DIJON
dialog: They send a Bishop to negotiate?
dialog: That's a good sign. Let him in.
text: It is not Archbishop Regnault who enters, but another
text: ecclesiastic swaddled in the rich robes of his office:
dialog: the Bishop of Beauvais, one Pierre CAUCHON.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Good day, sir. I trust my honorable
dialog: Duke of Burgundy is feeling well?
speaker_heading: DIJON
dialog: He's feeling wonderful.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Thanks be to God.
speaker_heading: DIJON
dialog: And your Duke? The Duke of Bedford?
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Not so well, I regret to say. This
dialog: business with the Maiden... it's
dialog: caused him endless grief and
dialog: torment. That's why he's entrusted
dialog: me with the task of... shall we
dialog: say...
speaker_heading: DIJON
dialog: Buying her?
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: This word is -- regrettably
dialog: appropriate for the situation. In
dialog: fact what we -- the Church -- wish
dialog: to do is determine whether or not
text: this girl is sent by God, as she
dialog: claims. You understand that we
dialog: cannot allow just anybody to abuse
dialog: God's name in this manner...
speaker_heading: DIJON
dialog: I understand. How much?
text: It is that other man of the cloth, Regnault, who answers.
speaker_heading: REGNAULT
dialog: 5,000 gold crowns.
speaker_heading: DIJON
dialog: That's not a lot.
speaker_heading: REGNAULT
dialog: It is all his majesty can afford.
dialog: He has even donated his very own
dialog: personal savings. His majesty will
dialog: greatly appreciate a gesture of good
dialog: will in this delicate negotiation
dialog: between our two families.
speaker_heading: DIJON
dialog: I know... but the English want her
dialog: very badly, and I have to tell you
dialog: that they are proving much more
dialog: generous.
speaker_heading: REGNAULT
dialog: May I, without offending you,
dialog: inquire how generous?
speaker_heading: DIJON
dialog: 20,000 gold crowns.
text: Regnault's rival cleric Cauchon looks aghast.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: 20,000?! But... I heard King
dialog: Charles was... financially
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: DIJON
dialog: Don't look at the cost, look at what
dialog: it brings. What is your last offer?
speaker_heading: REGNAULT
dialog: 8,000. We can't raise more... We
dialog: can only place ourselves at the
dialog: mercy of your generosity.
speaker_heading: DIJON
dialog: I must offer to the Duke. I will
dialog: give you his answer tomorrow.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CELL - BEAUREVOIR - DAY
text: A Burgundian Soldier shakes Jeanne to wake her up.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Hey, wake up... get yourself
dialog: ready... you're leaving!
text: Jeanne opens her eyes as Cauchon enters her cell, dressed
text: in ecclesiastical robes. He stands in front of her,
text: flanked by two monks. At the sigh of the churchmen, she
text: brightens.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Oh, thank you Lord!
dialog: (to Cauchon)
dialog: I'm so glad to see you! I need to
dialog: confess... I haven't been confessed
dialog: since Easter... or been to Mass...
dialog: Will you hear me now?
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: I will hear you... but not now, not
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Pierre Cauchon, Bishop of Beauvais.
dialog: As you were captured in my diocese,
dialog: the duty of conducting the trial
dialog: falls upon me.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Trial? What trial??
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Your trial, Jeanne. On a charge of
dialog: heresy.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: But... the King -- my king -- didn't
dialog: he pay my ransom?
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: It seems that the English care more
dialog: about you than the French.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: The English??
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Yes. They paid your ransom...
dialog: tomorrow you will be transferred to
dialog: their great castle at Rouen.
text: The door slams shut, and she is left alone. Jeanne is
text: utterly distraught. She looks round the bleak cell, then
text: moves over to a small window... just wide enough for her
dialog: to squeeze through.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE - BEAUREVOIR - NIGHT
text: Jeanne clambers out onto a narrow ledge, high above the
text: frozen moat below. Only a fool -- or one bent on suicide
dialog: -- would hazard such a leap.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Need some help?
text: The Man we saw after Compiegne is once again behind her.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: What are you doing out here?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I might ask you the same question.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I... I'm leaving... I can't take
dialog: anymore...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: And what exactly is it that you
dialog: can't take anymore of?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Everything! Prison -- humiliation
text: -- being abandoned and betrayed by
dialog: everyone -- I can't stand it anymore
dialog: -- I'd rather die!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You'll be dead soon enough anyway,
dialog: so why be in such a hurry? Why not
dialog: face up to your lies? It's your
dialog: lies you can't stand anymore...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I... I never lied!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: If you were true to yourself... if
dialog: your faith was firm, you wouldn't
dialog: need to run away from yourself like
dialog: this...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I am true -- to my Lord, the King of
dialog: Heaven. He knows how much I love
dialog: him -- that's all that matters to
dialog: me...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: How can you pretend that you love
dialog: God when you're about to throw away
dialog: the most precious thing he gave you?
dialog: Life is a gift, you should know that
dialog: by now Jeanne -- a gift from God.
dialog: You know what He'd say to you, if He
dialog: was here? "What are you doing to
dialog: me, Jeanne?"
text: Jeanne is lost, exhausted, numbed. She gazes into the
text: void, contemplating the fall...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: You're right... I shouldn't do that.
text: The Man suddenly pushes her so that she nearly falls...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: That's too easy. One minute you
dialog: want to die, the next you want to
dialog: live...
dialog: (again pushes her)
dialog: Do you think that life is a toy that
dialog: can be played with and then broken
dialog: when you don't want it anymore?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No, no... I'm just so tired, and
dialog: lost, and... I didn't realize what I
dialog: was doing!
text: He pushes her again...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Oh? And just because you realize
dialog: now, everybody else should forgive
dialog: you?!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I don't know -- I don't care anymore
dialog: -- I just want to be at peace!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Oh, so you don't want war anymore?
dialog: You want to be at peace? You want
dialog: to be able to change your mind
dialog: anytime you feel like it and expect
dialog: everyone to go along with it?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I don't understand. What do you
dialog: want from me?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I told you already... I'm here to
dialog: set you free...
text: Again the Man pushes her! This time she loses her
text: balance, and with a startled cry falls from the ledge --
text: plunging down, down -- and crashing into the frozen
dialog: moat...!
text: Two castle GUARDS on watch are alerted by the SOUND of
text: splintering ice...
text: Jeanne is drowning, barely able to cling to the broken ice
text: around her. The first Guard to reach the moat tests the
text: surface with his foot...
speaker_heading: GUARD #2
dialog: Don't try -- you'll fall through!
text: The First Guard lies flat to spread his weight, then
text: crawls toward Jeanne...
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: Good God, it's the prisoner!
text: The Second Guard glances up at the tower ledge far
dialog: above...
speaker_heading: GUARD #2
dialog: If she jumped from up there, she's
dialog: dead for sure! forget it...
text: The First Guard reaches the edge of the hole just as
text: Jeanne disappears beneath the water. He plunges in his
text: hand and grabs her hair, pulling her head back above the
dialog: water...
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - CHINON CASTLE - DAWN
text: Aulon races along castle corridors until he reaches a
text: door, guarded by two burly Guards...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: The king is occupied...!
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Out of my way!
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - CHINON CASTLE - DAY
text: Aulon bursts into the room to find Charles, Regnault and
text: Tremoille in conversation...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: My dear Aulon...
dialog: (dismissing Guards)
dialog: That's fine...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne's been badly injured! She
text: jumped from the top of a tower into
dialog: a frozen moat!
text: Charles shivers at the thought.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: It's a miracle she's not dead!
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: We have to do something before she
dialog: tries it again! I beg of you, my
dialog: lord, don't let her down... let me
dialog: organize an escape...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Jean, it's... it's not so easy...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: But not impossible... Gilles and La
dialog: Hire are ready to risk everything to
dialog: save her...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Jean... me dear, loyal Jean... why
dialog: do you want to oppose the will of
dialog: God? Jeanne wanted to go to
dialog: Compiegne -- we let her -- she got
dialog: caught. Then, on my personal
dialog: orders, Regnault proposed 30,000
text: crowns for her ransom, and once
dialog: again the answer was no. And now
dialog: you say she tried to escape, and the
dialog: answer is still no. Jean, open your
dialog: eyes -- can't you see the hand of
dialog: God in all this?
speaker_heading: AULON
text: No. I see the hand of Tremoille,
dialog: and Regnault, and Yolande, and
dialog: you... and they are dirty hands.
speaker_heading: REGNAULT
dialog: How can you speak such treachery
dialog: when his majesty has done everything
dialog: to try and save her?
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Because I was at this door when you
dialog: planned to betray her... and I was
text: at Compiegne when she was betrayed.
text: Charles, Tremoille and Regnault are speechless. Tremoille
dialog: breaks the silence --
speaker_heading: TREMOILLE
dialog: Guards! Arrest this traitor!
text: The Two Guards turn on Aulon, who readily dispatches them
text: with his sword. Tremoille hides behind Charles just as
text: Aulon pins the King with the tip of his sword against his
dialog: windpipe. It would now be an easy matter for Tremoille to
text: push Charles onto the tip of Aulon's sword.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: What do you fear most now... my
dialog: sword?
dialog: (eyeing Tremoille)
dialog: ... or his hands?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Tremoille... don't. Please...
text: Tremoille hesitates a beat. Still holding the tip of his
text: sword at Charles' throat, Aulon motions to Tremoille...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: My sword is long enough for both of
dialog: you.
text: Sweating now, Tremoille eases himself from behind the
text: King's back. Charles exhales with relief.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: I have always been loyal and true to
dialog: you, but my allegiance is now at an
dialog: end. From now on, my loyalty
dialog: belongs to Jeanne...
text: ... and Aulon runs from the room, leaving Charles,
text: Tremoille and Regnault in a state of shock.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINON CASTLE - DAY
text: Aulon gallops away from the castle...
scene_heading: EXT. ROUEN CASTLE - DUSK
text: The great castle of Rouen, vast and bleak, silhouetted
text: against the dusk.
scene_heading: INT. ROUEN CASTLE - CORRIDOR - DUSK
text: A Guard leads a group of wealthy-looking visitors along a
text: dank, dark corridor.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: ... so don't say I didn't warn you!
dialog: Don't touch her whatever you do --
dialog: don't even stretch out your hand or
dialog: she'll have one of your fingers off
dialog: sooner than spit at you!
speaker_heading: WOMAN #1
dialog: As savage as that, is she?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Savage? She's a monster! At
dialog: Orleans they say she drank her
dialog: victim's blood!
speaker_heading: WOMAN #2
dialog: Oh, it's too horrible!
text: The woman's escort takes advantage of the situation...
speaker_heading: MALE
dialog: Don't worry, my sweet -- I'll have
dialog: my sword at the ready...
text: They reach the door, and the Guard fumbles for the right
text: key. The Duke of Bedford brings up the rear, escorting
text: his wife Anne, who is visibly pregnant...
speaker_heading: DUCHESS
dialog: Don't you think this visit is a
dialog: little... inappropriate?
speaker_heading: BEDFORD
dialog: My dear, it's our duty... she's our
dialog: guest!
text: The Guard unlocks the door, and the Group cautiously
dialog: enter.
scene_heading: INT. JEANNE'S CELL - ROUEN CASTLE - NIGHT
text: The visitors glance about, but the cell appears empty --
text: until they look up. An iron cage is hanging from the
text: middle of the ceiling. In the center of the cage is a
text: body, dressed in rags and curled up like a wounded animal.
speaker_heading: BEDFORD
dialog: Wake her up so we can see her face!
text: The Guard takes his cudgel and pokes her through the bars.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Hey, wake up... we got noble guests
dialog: -- don't disappoint them -- turn
dialog: round!
text: He prods her in the ribs, and she turns to avoid further
text: pain. Her face is swollen, her mouth parched, her eyes
text: full of grief. The Duchess is stunned...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Now she's sleepy but you wait and
dialog: see -- any moment now and she'll
text: start speaking to her devils, and
text: then she'll get to yelping like a
dialog: wolf in heat! The other night she
dialog: made her cage spin round so fast we
dialog: thought she was going to fly away!
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Oooo... she gives me creeps...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Do you want her to stand up so you
dialog: can get a better look?
speaker_heading: DUCHESS
dialog: No. But get her out of this cage
dialog: and give her a decent bed.
text: The Guard looks stunned. The Duchess turns to her
dialog: husband.
speaker_heading: DUCHESS
dialog: I'm sorry, but this child is being
dialog: treated like an animal! Don't you
dialog: think that whatever her crimes may
dialog: be, she deserves a little more of
dialog: our charity?
speaker_heading: BEDFORD
dialog: (whispering lightly)
dialog: She's not a child, my dear -- she's
dialog: a witch.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - ROUEN - DAY
text: Cauchon enters a large, gloomy courtroom and sits down,
text: surrounded by clerics, assessors, doctors of theology and
dialog: other churchmen.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Let the prisoner be brought in.
text: The door opens and Jeanne is led in, her wrists and ankles
text: fettered, her face pale and drawn. She stands in the
text: center of the room, isolated, alone. A scribe dips his
text: quill in the ink and prepares to write on a blank sheet of
dialog: parchment.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Our most serene and Christian King
dialog: Henry the Sixth, King of England and
dialog: France, has handed this girl over to
dialog: us, accused of a number of heretical
dialog: deeds, to be tried in a matter of
dialog: faith.
text: Jeanne is hustled closer to Cauchon, who leans forward,
text: peering at her intently.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Take the Holy Gospels in your hand
dialog: and swear to tell the whole truth
dialog: concerning everything you will be
dialog: asked.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I don't know what you're going to
dialog: ask me questions about. You may ask
dialog: things that I won't want to answer.
text: Jeanne's boldness takes everyone somewhat by surprise.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: You will swear to tell the truth
dialog: about whatever you are asked.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I will willingly swear to tell the
dialog: truth about earthly things, but as
dialog: for my revelations, I've never told
dialog: anyone except my king... Charles the
dialog: Seventh... the one and only king of
dialog: France.
text: There is murmured dissension among the judges. We now see
text: that the Duke of Bedford is also in the room, together
text: with a small coterie of English observers. Cauchon is
text: impatient.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: You must take the oath! Not even a
dialog: king, would refuse to take an oath
dialog: to tell the truth in a matter of
dialog: faith.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I will willingly swear to tell you
dialog: what I am allowed to tell you, but
dialog: as to the rest, even if you threaten
dialog: to cut off my head, I still won't
dialog: tell you.
text: Cauchon looks confused -- and aware that his authority is
text: slipping. The judges and theologians are getting
dialog: agitated.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: So... begin by telling us your name
dialog: -- assuming you're allowed to tell
dialog: us that much?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: My name is Jeanne. My little cross
dialog: I had round my neck was taken away
dialog: from me. I would like to have it
dialog: back.
text: The Duchess touches the gold cross she has around her
dialog: neck.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Show us a little more cooperation
dialog: first. Where were you born?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: In a village called Domremy.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Nineteen... or thereabouts...
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Were you baptized?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes. In the church at Domremy.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Recite the Lord's Prayer.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Not unless you hear my confession.
text: Cauchon is getting impatient.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Jeanne, listen to me very carefully.
dialog: We are all men of faith, and we
dialog: shall earnestly strive for the
dialog: salvation of both your soul and body
dialog: as though it were our own. We do so
dialog: in the name of our Holy Mother
text: Church, who never closes her arms to
dialog: those who would return to her. But
dialog: we cannot help you unless you submit
dialog: to our learned judgment and
dialog: authority. Take heed of this
dialog: charitable admonition, for if you
dialog: persist in refusing our help, then
dialog: we shall have no choice but to
dialog: abandon you to the secular powers,
dialog: and I think you know well enough the
dialog: punishment that would await you. So
dialog: now... will you please recite Our
dialog: Lord's Prayer?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Not unless you hear my confession.
text: The clerks and judges grow agitated, though we sense a few
text: are already beginning to warm to her, not least the
dialog: Duchess.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Jeanne -- be careful -- you're not
dialog: helping yourself by refusing to
dialog: submit to our judgment...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: And you be careful, you who claim to
dialog: be my judges, for you too will be
dialog: judged one day...!
text: The court explodes in protest, with cries of "Blasphemy!"
text: "She's possessed!" "An infected limb!" "Sorceress!"
text: Cauchon hammers on the table to restore order, calling
dialog: out --
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Guards! Take the prisoner away!
dialog: Clear the room!
text: Armed Guards hustle the clerics from the room while Jeanne
text: is led away, watched by the Duke and Duchess of Bedford...
text: Bedford turns to his aide (Buck) --
speaker_heading: BEDFORD
dialog: I count on you to have it done.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Uh... to have what done?
speaker_heading: BEDFORD
dialog: I want her burned.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: As you say, sir.
scene_heading: INT. ANTECHAMBER - ROUEN CASTLE - DAY
text: The assessors look extremely uncomfortable, not least
text: Pierre Cauchon, who does his best to conceal it.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Well... in the future I think we
dialog: should conduct our enquiries in
dialog: private -- away from public pressure
dialog: -- so we can all be more... level-
dialog: headed...
speaker_heading: ASSESSOR #1
dialog: I think the church should wash its
dialog: hands of this whole business.
speaker_heading: ASSESSOR #2
dialog: Let the English burn her if they
dialog: want to... why does it have to
dialog: involve us?
text: Buck enters the room as an old Priest walks over...
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Because it's... it's our clear duty
dialog: to root out heresy wherever it
dialog: occurs.
dialog: (to the Old Priest)
dialog: Father Vincente... you are the most
dialog: venerable among us, what do you
dialog: think?
speaker_heading: OLD PRIEST
dialog: I think this trial is a masquerade,
dialog: and I won't be part of it anymore.
dialog: I am willing to be her judge, but
dialog: not her executioner. This young
dialog: girl seems courageous and pious...
dialog: she deserves to be well judged.
text: The Old Priest walks toward the door...
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: That's what I'm trying to ensure!
speaker_heading: OLD PRIEST
text: The verdict comes at the end of a
dialog: trial, Cauchon, not at the
dialog: beginning. I am going back to Rome,
dialog: to give me report to our Holy Father
dialog: the Pope.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: This is ridiculous! Now I'm the one
dialog: who's on trial and being judged?!
speaker_heading: OLD PRIEST
dialog: Yes... exactly as Jeanne predicted.
text: The Old Priest heads for the door, followed by the other
text: two. Buck calls out to the Guards...
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Arrest them!
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: What are you doing? This is an
dialog: ecclesiastical court -- you have no
dialog: right to do this!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Rouen is in English territory. I
dialog: have the right to do anything I
dialog: like.
dialog: (to guards)
dialog: Take them away.
text: Ignoring their protestations, the Guards hustle them away,
text: leaving the others in a state of high anxiety.
scene_heading: INT. CELL - ROUEN CASTLE - NIGHT
text: Jeanne is in her cell, facing the wall and frantically
text: scratching it with her nails. She is engraving a cross,
text: and her nails are covered with blood...
text: She is now kneeling in front of her cross, racing through
text: The Lord's Prayer as though on the run from the Devil...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Our father who is in heaven hallowed
dialog: be thy name thy kingdom come in
dialog: earth as it is in heaven forgive
dialog: them that lead... forgive us that
dialog: lead them... as we forgive them
dialog: that... oh God, don't cut yourself
dialog: off from me like this... I don't
dialog: know what I'm meant to say or not
dialog: say anymore... I don't even know
dialog: what to think... oh, God, I'm so
dialog: lost... don't abandon me like
dialog: everyone else... please, I beg of
dialog: you... at least say you can hear
dialog: me...! Tell me you hear me...! Why
dialog: won't you answer me? Please, I beg
dialog: of you -- ANSWER ME!
text: Suddenly "the Man" comes out of the wall, kneeling in
text: front of her and violently hitting his forehead against
dialog: hers --
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Why were you yelling like that?!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: What are you doing here?
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: Please... leave... you can't stay
dialog: here...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Why? Are you waiting for someone
dialog: else?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Who?
text: Jeanne hesitates...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: My... visions...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: They're going to come and visit you
dialog: in here?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes... that's what I pray for...!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I want to see that. Do you mind if
dialog: I stay... on the side? I won't
dialog: bother you.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No, no -- you can't stay or they
dialog: won't come!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Because... I have to be alone!
text: He smiles regretfully.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: They won't come anyway.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: What do you mean, they won't come?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Why would they?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Because! Because I've always been
dialog: faithful to God, and I've followed
dialog: everything he said... and I've done
dialog: everything he asked me...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: God asked you to do something?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes... lots of things!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You mean God said, "I need you,
dialog: Jeanne?"
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No, but... he sent me so many signs!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What signs?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Like... like the wind... and the
dialog: clouds... and... the bells... and
dialog: what about that sword lying in the
dialog: field... that was a sign...!
speaker_heading: MAN
text: No. That was a sword in a field.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: But... it didn't just get there by
dialog: itself.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: True -- every event has an infinite
dialog: number of causes -- but why pick one
dialog: rather than another? There are many
dialog: ways a sword might find itself in a
dialog: field...
text: FLASH: A group of soldiers on horseback trot across the
text: field of Jeanne's childhood. The last soldier's sword is
text: coming loose, and ends up falling into the long grass...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Seems a perfectly valid
dialog: explanation... but how about this
dialog: one...
text: FLASH: Two young children are hurrying with the sword
text: when an old man calls them from far away --
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Hey, you little devils -- come back!
text: The two children drop the sword in the long grass (in the
dialog: same spot as before) and run off...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: But then again, there are other
dialog: possibilities...
text: FLASH: A man is being chased across the field by a couple
text: of English soldiers out looting. His heavy sword is
text: slowing him down -- he flings it into the long grass...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: ... or even faster...
text: FLASH: The same man running across the field is suddenly
text: hit by an arrow from nowhere. He drops the sword in the
text: long grass, but manages to stagger off into the forest...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: ... and that's without counting the
dialog: inexplicable...
text: FLASH: A man crosses the field. For no apparent reason
text: whatsoever, he drops the sword and keeps on walking...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Yet from an infinite number of
dialog: possibilities, you had to pick this
dialog: one...
text: FLASH: A peel of thunder -- clouds swirl -- a familiar
text: wind stirs the long grass -- a fabulous shaft of light
text: illuminates the patch -- the sword slowly descends from
text: the heavens and lands gently in the grass. Mission
text: accomplished, the shaft of heavenly light disappears.
text: Jeanne is bewildered...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You didn't see what was, Jeanne.
dialog: You saw what you wanted to see.
text: ... speechless.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL COURTROOM - ROUEN CASTLE - DAY
text: We are now in a smaller, more intimate courtroom. The
text: Duchess of Bedford is at the back, shielded behind the
text: theologians and doctors of the church. Beaupere is
text: questioning Jeanne: a cooler man than Cauchon.
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: This... "voice" that you say appears
dialog: to you... is it an angel? Or a
dialog: saint? Or does it come from God?
text: Jeanne is still in shock from her encounter with the Man.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I won't tell you more about that.
dialog: I'm more afraid of displeasing Him
dialog: than not answering you...
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: You're afraid of displeasing God
dialog: when telling the truth?!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: Did God forbid you to tell the
dialog: truth?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No. But my revelations were for the
dialog: King of France, not for you.
speaker_heading: D'ESTIVET
dialog: When you saw your king for the first
dialog: time, was there an angel over his
dialog: head?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: If there was, I didn't see it...
speaker_heading: D'ESTIVET
dialog: Then why did your king believe in
dialog: you without any proof?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Go and ask him yourself.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Jeanne, you are not helping
dialog: yourself. If you don't answer our
dialog: questions properly, your refusal
dialog: will be taken into account.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: These questions have nothing to do
dialog: with your trial.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: I assure you they do. So... answer
dialog: me... when was the last time you
dialog: heard this voice?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Not long ago...
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: When exactly? A day, a week --
dialog: when?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Last night.
text: This takes the assessors by surprise. Cauchon leans
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: What were you doing when the voice
dialog: came?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
text: Praying.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: The voice was in your cell?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: What did it tell you?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Many things...
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Did it give you advice?
dialog: (Jeanne hesitates)
dialog: Good advice?
text: Jeanne hesitates...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Go onto the next question.
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: Good advice for the French, not for
dialog: the English! Do you think God hates
dialog: the English?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I don't know, but you're all men of
dialog: the church... why not ask Him
dialog: yourself?
text: Cauchon tries to continue, but another theologian -- JEAN
text: MIDI -- gets in first.
speaker_heading: JEAN MIDI
dialog: Do you consider yourself to be in a
dialog: state of grace?
text: Jeanne looks perplexed... a beat...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Go on to the next question.
text: Cauchon seizes his opportunity...
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Tell us, Jeanne... do you often hear
dialog: this voice?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Is it here? Now? In this room?
text: Jeanne slowly looks at the assessors, staring at each in
text: turn. They all look acutely uneasy, holding there
dialog: breath...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No.
text: Relief from the assessors, but Buck is far from happy.
scene_heading: INT. ANTECHAMBER - ROUEN CASTLE - DAY
text: Buck paces in front of Cauchon and a dozen clerics.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Who's running this trial, you or
dialog: her? I can't believe it! This
dialog: wretched girl -- how dare she speak
dialog: to us like that?
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: She's loyal to her king... it's only
dialog: to be expected that she...
text: Buck explodes with fury --
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: There is only one king of France and
dialog: that's our liege Lord Henry the
text: Sixth! It is written in black and
dialog: white in the Treaty of Troyes --
dialog: that you French bastards signed!
text: Buck presses a digit against Cauchon's sweaty forehead.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: I understand your impatience, but if
dialog: you want this trial to be
dialog: acknowledged as legal we must follow
dialog: correct procedure and...
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: To hell with procedure! We paid a
dialog: bloody fortune for this slut, and we
dialog: can do whatever the hell we like
dialog: with her, whether the church likes
dialog: it or not -- is that clear?
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: But if this trial seems fixed, I
dialog: fear you'll have the very opposite
dialog: result to the one you want...
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: We want her burned as a witch!
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: But in order to do so, the church
dialog: must first prove her heresy, or else
dialog: you'll be burning a martyr...
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Well then? Start proving... or else
dialog: the church will have another martyr!
text: Buck storms out, slamming the door behind him.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL COURTROOM - ROUEN CASTLE - DAY
text: Instruments of torture are brought into court by the
text: Executioner, who lays them out with due ceremony.
speaker_heading: D'ESTIVET
dialog: You told us about the appearance of
dialog: this... voice. What exactly did you
dialog: see? Part of it... or all of it?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
text: His face.
speaker_heading: D'ESTIVET
dialog: Does he have hair?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: D'ESTIVET
dialog: Is it long and hanging down?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I'm more interested in what he says,
text: not what he looks like.
speaker_heading: D'ESTIVET
dialog: But if the devil were to take on the
dialog: physical appearance of a saint or an
dialog: angel... or a man... how would you
dialog: recognize him? By what he said?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Go on to the next question.
speaker_heading: D'ESTIVET
dialog: That's enough! You will answer the
dialog: question... or face the
dialog: consequences!
text: A beat... the Executioner readies...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: If you were to tear me limb from
dialog: limb and make my soul leave my body,
dialog: I would tell you nothing more. And
dialog: if I did say anything, then
dialog: afterward I would simply say that
dialog: you dragged it out of me by force.
dialog: Now... please... go onto the next
dialog: question.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL COURTROOM - ROUEN CASTLE - DAY
text: CUT TO another session...
speaker_heading: JEAN LE MAISTRE
dialog: Who told you to wear men's clothes?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: The clothes are not important...
speaker_heading: JEAN LE MAISTRE
dialog: You also cut your hair short like a
dialog: man, and in the Bible it clearly
dialog: states that it is an abomination for
dialog: a woman to pretend to be a man! It
dialog: proves your desire to deceive...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: It was just... more convenient as I
dialog: was among soldiers...
speaker_heading: JEAN LE MAISTRE
dialog: So you think you did well to cut
dialog: your hair and dress as a man?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I... submit to Our Lord.
speaker_heading: JEAN LE MAISTRE
dialog: But will you also submit to the
dialog: decision of the Church?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: It seems to me that the Church and
dialog: Our Lord are one and the same. Why
dialog: must you complicate what is so
dialog: simple?
text: Jean Le Maistre looks at Cauchon for help.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Let me clarify things for you,
dialog: Jeanne. On the one hand there is
dialog: the Church Triumphant, that is to
dialog: say God, his saints, and the souls
dialog: that are saved. And then there is
dialog: the Church Militant, that is to say
dialog: our Holy Father the Pope, the
dialog: cardinals, the prelates of the
dialog: Church, the clergy, and all good
dialog: Catholic Christians. Moreover this
dialog: Church, when assembled, is guided by
dialog: the Holy Spirit and therefore cannot
dialog: be in error. That is why we ask you
dialog: to submit to the Church Militant...
dialog: that is to say, us.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: So it is the Church Militant that
dialog: refuses to confess me, and so
dialog: prevents me from being a good
dialog: Christian?
text: Cauchon bridles his temper.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: It is for us to determine whether
dialog: you are a good Christian, not you.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I am sent by God, and I submit all
dialog: my words and deeds to His judgment.
dialog: Or do you think that you are better
dialog: judges than He is?
scene_heading: INT. SMALL COURTROOM - ROUEN CASTLE - DAY
dialog: ... and another session...
speaker_heading: MAITRE MAURICE
dialog: When you were taken prisoner at
dialog: Compiegne, did you have a horse?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
text: Yes... a half-steed... white.
speaker_heading: MAITRE MAURICE
dialog: Who gave you that horse?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: My king.
speaker_heading: MAITRE MAURICE
dialog: How many did he give you?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
text: Five steeds and a few hackneys...
speaker_heading: MAITRE MAURICE
dialog: As much as for a Lord? What an
dialog: honor! Did your king give you other
dialog: wealth apart from horses?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MAITRE MAURICE
dialog: What about all those dresses you
dialog: were given... silk dresses weren't
dialog: they?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes, I was given a few, but I never
dialog: had time to wear them...
speaker_heading: MAITRE MAURICE
dialog: Still, pretty wealthy for a peasant
dialog: girl wouldn't you say?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: And you look pretty wealthy for a
dialog: servant of God, wouldn't you say?
text: Maitre Maurice looks uncomfortably about him. She's
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: Is it true that you launched an
dialog: attack on Paris?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I tried to.
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: It was on a Sunday, wasn't it?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I don't remember. Maybe.
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: Do you think is was a good idea to
dialog: launch an attack on a holy day?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I don't know...
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: And didn't you order the citizens of
dialog: Paris to surrender the city in the
dialog: name of the King of Heaven?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No... I said "Surrender in the name
dialog: of the King of France"...
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: That is not what is written in the
dialog: evidence... look for yourself!
text: Beaupere thrusts a document in her face...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I can't read.
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: Ah, yes, I forgot... God sent us an
dialog: illiterate peasant to carry out such
dialog: an important mission! Do you think
dialog: that God made the right decision, to
dialog: take an ignorant girl to save the
dialog: kingdom of France?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I leave the answer to God.
text: Beaupere is exasperated. A sly-looking Theologian speaks
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: JEAN MIDI
dialog: Tell us, Jeanne... why did you jump
dialog: from the tower at Beaurevoir?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I had been sold to the English. I'd
dialog: rather die than fall into their
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: JEAN MIDI
dialog: Did your voice tell you to jump?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: JEAN MIDI
dialog: So when you jumped, you wanted to
dialog: kill yourself?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No...!
speaker_heading: JEAN MIDI
dialog: How can you deny it when you just
dialog: said "I'd rather die than fall into
dialog: the hands of the English"...?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: That's now what I meant...
speaker_heading: JEAN MIDI
dialog: Do you not know that suicide is a
dialog: very grievous sin? No one is
dialog: allowed to destroy the life that God
dialog: created!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I know, but that's not the way
dialog: things happened...
speaker_heading: JEAN MIDI
dialog: You mean it was not of your own free
dialog: will that you were on the ledge?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes, but...
speaker_heading: JEAN MIDI
dialog: And you didn't jump of your free
dialog: will?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: JEAN MIDI
dialog: (making fun of her)
dialog: Oh? Perhaps someone pushed you
dialog: then?
text: They laugh. Jeanne lowers her head.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL COURTROOM - ROUEN CASTLE - DAY
text: Yet another weary session...
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: Do you have a sword?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Quite a few.
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: Didn't you also carry a banner?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: Which did you prefer, your banner or
dialog: your sword?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I was forty times more fond of my
dialog: banner than my sword.
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: And why was that? Did it have some
dialog: particular value or power?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No, it's just... a sword is a
dialog: weapon.
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: And so I... I prefer my banner.
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: To avoid killing anyone.
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: Are you saying that if you had not
dialog: been carrying your banner you'd have
dialog: killed more people?
dialog: Jeanne is losing her confidence...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No, of course not... I never killed
dialog: anyone...
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: Then perhaps the temptation to kill
dialog: would have been stronger... too
dialog: strong perhaps...?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No! I warned the English to go back
dialog: home -- I begged them not to force
dialog: us to fight -- they knew the defeat
dialog: I would bring on them... why didn't
dialog: they listen to me?
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: We have numerous witnesses who can
dialog: confirm that you were not always
dialog: carrying your banner...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes, probably... maybe...
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: So sometimes you were carrying just
dialog: your sword?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes, but...
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: Did you use the sword that you held
dialog: in your hand?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No, I... I held it up to...
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: You held up your sword and
dialog: flourished it about in the air?
dialog: Like this?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes, maybe... I don't remember...
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: ... so you were in the middle of the
dialog: battlefield, with your sword in your
dialog: hand, waving it above your head...
text: charging against the enemy,
text: screaming and yelling... fighting
dialog: for your life... and you want us to
dialog: believe that in the middle of all
dialog: this excitement you never killed
dialog: anyone?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No, I... I never killed anyone!
speaker_heading: MAN (O.S.)
dialog: I can't believe you can lie like
dialog: that!
scene_heading: INT. JEANNE'S CELL - ROUEN CASTLE - NIGHT
text: Jeanne's fetter is once again attached to her chain, and
text: she's walking in circles, trying to escape "the Man"...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I'm not lying, I... I can't
dialog: remember... leave me alone!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Oh? You can't remember? Let me
dialog: help your memory...
text: FLASH: an Englishman is skewed during the battle of
dialog: Orleans...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No! I don't want to know anymore!
dialog: Leave me alone! I didn't kill that
dialog: man!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Oh no? How about this one?
text: FLASH: another English soldier is killed...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Or this one?
dialog: FLASH: ... and another...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Stop, stop... I can't remember! The
dialog: battles were all so confusing...
dialog: there was so much smoke, dust,
dialog: noise... I was being attacked on all
dialog: sides, so... maybe... perhaps I
dialog: fought back but it was only to
dialog: defend myself...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: So your memory's coming back?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes... yes! And now you tell me
dialog: why God let all these battles happen
dialog: in the first place... if he's so
dialog: powerful... he said he's "the
dialog: creator of heaven and earth, the
dialog: source of all life..." he could have
dialog: easily stopped all this blood and
dialog: misery? Why didn't he?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Is he the one who spread all this
dialog: blood and misery?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No, but... why didn't he stop it?
dialog: Or did he get pleasure, watching us
dialog: killing each other in his name?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: In His name??
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes! We fought and killed in His
dialog: name... the King of Heaven!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Really?
text: FLASH: Jeanne is seated in her saddle before Orleans,
text: raising her standard with the cry --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Let all who love me follow me!
text: Back in Jeanne's cell:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: "Let all who love me follow me"...
dialog: Where does God get mentioned?
dialog: (Jeanne is cornered)
dialog: Come on Jeanne, be honest. You
dialog: fought for yourself, in your name.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I... I was defending myself as best
dialog: I could! Everyone has the right to
dialog: defend themselves, don't they? Or
dialog: should I have let myself be killed?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: No, no, you did fine. I'd even say
dialog: well done. Besides, most of the
dialog: ones you killed probably deserved
dialog: it, don't you think?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No, I do not think so. I don't
dialog: think that killing each other will
dialog: ever bring peace.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I agree...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK: Jeanne telling Charles --
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Peace will only be got from the
dialog: English at the end of a lance!
text: The Man looks at Jeanne, who is becoming unnerved...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I don't agree. Why do you have to
dialog: keep changing your mind all the
dialog: time?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Why are you doing this to me?? Do
dialog: you get pleasure from hurting me?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Ah, pleasure... that's a difficult
dialog: word to define. When does the pain
dialog: end and the pleasure begin...?
dialog: When did your pleasure begin with
dialog: that sword in your hand...?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I never took pleasure in hurting
dialog: anyone?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Really?
text: FLASH: In EXTREME SLOW MOTION, Jeanne's face contorts --
text: a look of madness as she sweeps a sword across the
text: SCREEN...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Nnnnooooooooo!
text: Jeanne covers her face with her hands, sobbing in despair.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Help me... please... set me free!
text: The Man seems genuinely compassionate...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You will be, Jeanne. You will be.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - ROUEN CASTLE - DAY
text: A hooded Priest moves along the hallway, stopping in front
text: of the Guard. He shows him his "pass" -- a heavy seal.
text: The Priest is Aulon in disguise. The Guard looks at the
dialog: seal...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: I'm replacing Father Demaury. He's
dialog: become very sick...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: It's amazing how many people have
dialog: become suddenly very sick since the
dialog: beginning of this trial... it must
dialog: be this witch casting spells on
dialog: them. Burn her!
dialog: No doubt Aulon would like to stab the Guard right there,
dialog: but thinks better of it...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: I'll do my best.
text: Aulon enters the court room...
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - ROUEN CASTLE - DAY
text: -- and sits on a bench, doing his best to look
text: inconspicuous. He guardedly glances at Jeanne who seems
text: to be asleep on her feet. Beaupere is whispering to
text: Cauchon, document in hand. Beaupere beckons to the
dialog: Guard...
speaker_heading: BEAUPERE
dialog: Wake her up.
text: The Guard pokes Jeanne in the ribs. She seems almost used
text: to this kind of treatment, but is weaker. Aulon seethes
text: with impotent rage, hidden behind his hood.
speaker_heading: JEAN MIDI
dialog: So... let us summarize your
dialog: situation. You refuse to submit to
dialog: the authority of the church militant
dialog: by taking an oath; you made an
dialog: assault on Paris on a Sunday; you
dialog: hurled yourself down from the tower
dialog: at Beaurevoir, and you persist in
dialog: wearing male dress... I ask you
dialog: again: do you believe that you are
dialog: in a state of grace?
text: Jeanne takes a deep breath...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: If I am not, may God bring me there.
dialog: If I am, may He keep me there.
text: The admiration of the assessors is almost tangible.
scene_heading: INT. ANTECHAMBER - ROUEN CASTLE - DAY
text: Buck sweeps everything off the table in a fit of anger.
text: Alone with him, Cauchon looks troubled.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Calm down, my lord, I beg you!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: How can I calm down when I'm made
dialog: the laughing-stock of the whole
dialog: court?! I've had enough!
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Be patient, my lord... you've seen
dialog: how it is. This girl has a way with
dialog: people... but everyday we're making
dialog: progress...
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: So long as this bitch remains alive,
dialog: our armies refuse to fight! Don't
dialog: you understand? They want proof
dialog: that God is on their side... and the
dialog: only way they're going to believe
dialog: that is when they see her being
dialog: burnt as a witch!
text: Buck takes a mug and pours himself some wine, but the
text: carafe is empty...
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: It is not for us to burn her, my
dialog: lord. That is your prerogative.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: ... and your prerogative is to find
dialog: her guilty...
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: But we can't do that unless she
dialog: admits to blasphemy...
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Well what are you waiting for?
dialog: You've got a castle full of racks
dialog: and ropes and pulleys: go and
dialog: torture the bitch!
text: Cauchon takes out his own personal hip-flask, his hand
text: visibly trembling as he pours Buck some liquor.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: You won't be able to drag anything
dialog: from her that way. You also must
dialog: realize that many of my colleagues
dialog: are... well, scared...
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Scared of a girl?
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
text: Scared to make a mistake. Supposing
dialog: she's right... supposing she really
dialog: has been sent by God??
text: Buck narrows his eyes.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Whose side are you on, Cauchon?
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: I'm on the side of our Mother Holy
dialog: Church. Besides, a confession under
dialog: torture will never convince anyone
dialog: of her guilt.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Well find some other way! Be
dialog: creative. Tell them she fucks the
dialog: devil... Hmm, not a bad idea... why
dialog: can't you say that? Sounds good to
dialog: me... and who can prove she doesn't?
text: Buck drains the liquor.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: One small problem, my lord. The
dialog: girl is a virgin.
text: Buck has a horrible glint in his eye.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: That is a very small problem.
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. JEANNE'S CELL/COURTYARD - ROUEN - DAY
text: Jeanne is smoothing food into the cross she scratched into
text: the wall. She does it with great care, as though
text: painting. The Man appears in the background, watching
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Jeanne is delighted and relieved to see him...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I -- I cleaned up my room, look...
dialog: and I said my prayers... all of
dialog: them... and...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What are you doing on the wall?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I'm trying to make my cross look
dialog: more beautiful...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Because... because I don't know what
dialog: else to do to please him.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Do you think this cross will protect
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No, I...
text: Jeanne looks helpless. The Man smiles, turns and looks
text: out of the window...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Look at them... with their beautiful
dialog: cross...
text: Far below in the courtyard, a Priest is blessing a dozen
text: soldiers and their wooden cross.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: ... The sight of priests blessing
text: entire armies before they go off to
dialog: kill each other never ceases to
dialog: amaze me. And that these massacres
dialog: should be recorded as acts of faith
dialog: in God's name...
dialog: (no reaction from
dialog: Jeanne)
dialog: And they think that making a
dialog: beautiful cross or building a
dialog: cathedral will wash away their
dialog: sins... ridiculous! Just like that
dialog: priest who accused you of fighting
dialog: on a Sunday. Did God give
dialog: permission to kill each other for
dialog: the rest of the week?
text: In the courtyard, the soldiers mount their horses...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: "Love your enemies"...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (a satisfied smile)
dialog: Good. But "love your enemies"...
text: body and soul.
text: Jeanne nods, knowing the truth but still not prepared to
dialog: admit it.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: My voices... my voices... do you
dialog: think they will ever come back?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I don't think so.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Are you going to leave me too?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Yes... of course... when you don't
dialog: need me anymore.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Are you sent by God?
dialog: FLASH: to Jeanne at Orleans...
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: But you've been sent by God!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: So has everyone...
dialog: Back to the Man:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: So has everyone...
text: Jeanne looks at him -- then at her cross -- then back at
text: the soldiers in the courtyard below. With a lusty cry,
text: they set off at a gallop, blessed and ready for battle...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: There's nothing for me to do here
dialog: anymore... I don't belong here I
dialog: want to be with Him now...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Do you think you are ready?
text: Jeanne stands up... comes and kneels before him, kissing
text: his hands.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes I am.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Are you willing to follow all His
dialog: commandments?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: ... to love your enemy as much as
dialog: you love yourself?
text: Jeanne hesitates a moment -- a short amount of time, but
dialog: enough for a lie to slip in...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes. I'm ready now.
text: The Man smiles.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Let's see.
text: She hears approaching footsteps... the SOUND of keys
text: jangling... a lock turns --
text: -- and the three SOLDIERS walk into the room. The first
text: one has a familiar black beard.
speaker_heading: BLACKBEARD
dialog: Now that's what I call booty!
text: He is none other than her sister's rapist and murderer.
text: Jeanne reacts in terror...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Oh no...
speaker_heading: BLACKBEARD
dialog: (undoing his belt)
dialog: We thought you must be pretty bored
dialog: in here, so we've come to liven you
dialog: up a bit... right, lads?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Please -- don't do it -- don't hurt
dialog: me --
speaker_heading: BLACKBEARD
dialog: Of course not, sweetheart... if you
dialog: promise to do as I say...
text: Blackbeard caresses her cheek and tries to force her legs
text: apart, but she resists -- whispers imploringly...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Where are you? Don't leave me...
dialog: please...
speaker_heading: BLACKBEARD
dialog: Hey, come on... open up...!
text: His two comrades egg him on. Jeanne struggles even
text: harder, and Blackbeard suddenly becomes violent. He grabs
text: her by the throat, thrusts her against the bed and tears
text: off her clothes. Jeanne suddenly goes berserk, yelling
text: and thrashing like a cornered animal.
speaker_heading: BLACKBEARD
dialog: Stop screaming like that! You'll
dialog: wake up the whole bleedin' castle!
text: Blackbeard clamps his hand over her mouth, whereupon
text: Jeanne summons hidden reserves of strength, and in a
text: sudden surge manages to clamp her chains around
text: Blackbeard's neck... she presses down on the chains,
text: choking him, strangling him...!
text: The two other soldiers come to Blackbeard's rescue and
text: manage to haul her off. Blackbeard gropes his throat,
text: then belts her across the face...
speaker_heading: BLACKBEARD
dialog: Ah, so you want to play it rough?
dialog: Good... I like it better that way!
text: He pulls out a knife and starts to tear at her clothes
text: while the two others hold her down. Jeanne struggles for
text: her life -- yelling, spitting, biting, scratching --
text: Blackbeard is too excited to pay any attention. Nor does
text: he notice the door open and the Duchess enter with the
dialog: Guard.
speaker_heading: DUCHESS
dialog: Stop that at once! That's an order!
text: But to Blackbeard, it could be Jeanne speaking. The
text: Duchess, in her nightgown, grabs Blackbeard by the
dialog: shoulders...
speaker_heading: DUCHESS
dialog: I command you to stop, in the name
dialog: of the King!
text: The mention of the King jolts Blackbeard to attention...
speaker_heading: DUCHESS
dialog: Leave her alone, do you hear? Come
dialog: on, get out!
text: The three soldiers back sheepishly away...
speaker_heading: BLACKBEARD
dialog: We were just having a little fun,
dialog: that's all, keeping her company.
speaker_heading: DUCHESS
dialog: Men like you are the cause of our
dialog: country's dishonor!
speaker_heading: BLACKBEARD
dialog: We were serving our country... just
dialog: obeying orders, ma'am...
dialog: The Duchess doesn't want to hear more...
speaker_heading: DUCHESS
dialog: Go on, get out of here!
text: The Guards hustle the three soldiers from the room, but
dialog: not before Blackbeard has mumbled --
speaker_heading: BLACKBEARD
dialog: See you later, angel.
text: The soldiers leave and the Guard bolts the door behind
text: them. Jeanne curls up on her bed, destroyed, humiliated,
text: lost. The Duchess caresses her face and doesn't know what
text: to do to comfort her. The Guard brings a blanket --
dialog: probably his.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Thank you...
text: She wraps the blanket round Jeanne, and presses the little
text: cross back in her hand.
speaker_heading: DUCHESS
dialog: This won't happen again, I give you
dialog: my word.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - ROUEN CASTLE - DAY
text: The Duchess storms into a room where Cauchon is talking
text: with Bedford and Buck. She walks up to him...
speaker_heading: BEDFORD
dialog: And... What a pleasant surprise...
text: ... and slaps him across the face as he has never been
dialog: slapped before.
speaker_heading: DUCHESS
dialog: You should know that each
dialog: humiliation you inflict on this
dialog: woman, you inflict on all women,
dialog: including yours my lord.
speaker_heading: BEDFORD
dialog: Wha... what on earth are you talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: DUCHESS
dialog: If you send anymore of your soldiers
dialog: to Jeanne's cell... I will kill them
dialog: myself.
text: The Duchess turns and sweeps past Cauchon, leaving Bedford
text: staring at Buck who looks decidedly embarrassed. Bedford
text: turns to Cauchon...
speaker_heading: BEDFORD
dialog: I'm giving you one more day.
text: Then he turns and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY OF ST. OUEN - DAY
text: A masked Executioner stands beside a stake, piled high
text: with faggots. Jeanne, her hands bound, stands nearby,
text: facing a podium filled with the usual assembly of priests
text: and prelates, headed by Cauchon. He rises to address
dialog: Jeanne.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Jeanne, my very dear friend in
dialog: Christ, we, your judges and
text: assessors, desirous of reaching a
dialog: true and lawful verdict, submitted a
dialog: transcript of your trial to the
dialog: University of Paris in order to
dialog: obtain their opinion. After careful
dialog: consideration, the learned scholars
dialog: have concluded with us that you have
dialog: committed many grievous sins, and I
dialog: ask you to listen most carefully to
dialog: their opinion as contained in these
dialog: articles.
text: Cauchon hands a manuscript to one of the assessors, Canon
text: Pierre Maurice, then resumes his seat. Among the monks we
text: spot Aulon, who slowly tries to make his way toward
dialog: Jeanne.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: Article One. You have said that
dialog: from an early age you have had
dialog: revelations from the blessed saints
dialog: and angels, that you have seen them
dialog: with your own eyes, and that they
dialog: speak to you. As to this article,
dialog: the learned scholars have declared
dialog: that these claims are untrue,
dialog: pernicious and evil, and that all
dialog: such revelations are superstitious,
text: and proceed from the devil.
text: The Duke of Bedford and his English peers are in a
text: separate stand, guarded by English soldiers. The cemetery
text: walls and the branches of trees beyond are crowded with
dialog: spectators...
text: The English are impatient to carry out sentence, but
text: Maurice is not a man to be intimidated. Jeanne seems
dialog: hardly aware of what is being said...
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: Article Two. You said that by God's
dialog: command you have continually worn
dialog: men's clothes, and that you have
dialog: also worn your hair short, without
dialog: nothing...
text: From Jeanne's POV, Maurice's drone FADES, and the crowd
text: seems to disappear. She whispers in agony...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: My lord... don't abandon me... where
dialog: are you? Is this what you want?
dialog: You want me to burn? To burn
dialog: without being confessed...? I'll do
dialog: anything you want... but don't leave
dialog: me...
text: Jeanne is completely alone in the middle of the cemetery.
text: Only the graves, the stakes, and the moaning wind...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Don't leave me here... please...
dialog: don't leave me alone!
text: Suddenly the crowd is back, with Maurice droning on.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: Finally, Article Twelve. You have
dialog: said that you are not willing to
dialog: submit yourself to the judgment of
dialog: the Church Militant, but only to
dialog: God. As to this Article, the
dialog: scholars say that you have no
dialog: comprehension of the authority of
dialog: the Church, that you have
dialog: perniciously erred in the faith of
dialog: God, and that you are a child of
text: superstition, a wanderer from the
text: Faith, an invoker of demons, a
text: sorceress, an idolater and a
dialog: heretic!
text: Maurice resumes his seat while Chatillon approaches
dialog: Jeanne.
speaker_heading: CHATILLON
dialog: Jeanne, we once again admonish, beg
dialog: and exhort you to cast out and
dialog: recant your erroneous beliefs, and
text: return into the way of truth by
dialog: submitting yourself to the authority
dialog: of our Mother Holy Church by signing
text: this recantation.
text: Jeanne looks at the parchment in confusion...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: If the church wants me to say that
dialog: my visions are evil, then I don't
dialog: believe in this church and I submit
dialog: myself to the judgment of God!
text: Chatillon throws up his hands in despair. Bedford is
text: brimming with anticipation. He calls out to the
dialog: Executioner:
speaker_heading: BEDFORD
dialog: Perform your office!
text: The Executioner turns to Jeanne, but before he can take
text: hold of her, Cauchon strides over --
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Wait!
text: Cauchon grabs the document from Chatillon and holds it up
dialog: to Jeanne...
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Jeanne, I beg of you... sign!
dialog: (Jeanne looks dazed)
dialog: In God's name, don't you understand?
dialog: I'm trying to save you! If you
dialog: don't sign, the English will burn
dialog: you to death! Is that what you
dialog: want??
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No... I want to be confessed.
text: Cauchon hands her a quill. The English are getting
text: agitated, heckling Cauchon to hand her over, but the
text: spectators in the trees and on the wall are urging her
text: escape the pyre by signing. Jeanne begins to waver...
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Sign this, and I will confess you
dialog: myself if you want.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: And may I go to Mass?
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: As often as you like -- now, please
dialog: -- for the love of God -- sign!!
text: Again Jeanne looks about for the Man... but sees only the
text: Executioner, waiting to conduct her to the stake.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Sign, and you'll be free from your
text: chains... free from the fire,
dialog: Jeanne... now... sign!
text: The Crowd begins to chant... Sign, sign, sign! Aulon, who
text: has managed to get closer, joins them...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Sign, Jeanne -- sign!
text: Bedford is in a panic as Jeanne takes the quill and makes
text: her mark -- a wavering cross at the bottom of the
text: parchment. The Crowd cheers, Aulon is ecstatic... but
text: their voices go silent as the Man once again appears from
text: behind Cauchon.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You know what you just signed,
dialog: Jeanne? You just signed away my
dialog: existence... For you I'm a lie, an
dialog: illusion.
dialog: (Jeanne is horrified)
dialog: You see? In the end, you were the
dialog: one who abandoned me...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: No...
text: ... the Man a smile of faint regret and disappears.
text: Jeanne turns to Cauchon...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Please... may I have it back...
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: You have nothing to regret...
text: She tries to grab it from Cauchon, but soldiers pinion
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I didn't mean it! I didn't know
dialog: what I was signing! You tricked
dialog: me...!
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: Silence her!
dialog: (soldier clamps hand
dialog: over her mouth)
dialog: Take her away...!
text: The Soldiers hustle her away as Cauchon walks back to the
text: podium. Aulon is relieved, and yet strangely
text: apprehensive. Cauchon hands the Duke the document signed
dialog: by Jeanne.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: There... she has recanted, and we
dialog: accept her repentance, for the
text: church never closes her arms to
dialog: those who return to the fold. She's
dialog: yours to do whatever you want with
dialog: her, but the church has nothing to
dialog: do with it anymore. She's your
dialog: prisoner -- your martyr -- not ours.
text: Bedford can't answer as the Duchess is next to him.
scene_heading: INT. DUNGEON - ROUEN CASTLE - NIGHT
text: Jeanne is flung into a filthy dungeon. Buck appears in
text: the doorway and flings male clothes in her face.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Here... in case you want to get
dialog: dressed -- try these for size!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: He promised I'd be confessed... and
dialog: go to Mass... and be free from these
dialog: chains...!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: We never promised you anything! But
dialog: this much I can promise you... that
dialog: you won't be leaving this dungeon
dialog: till the day you die!
text: The Guards laugh, slamming and bolting the door behind
text: her. Jeanne sinks to her knees in grief and anguish...
scene_heading: EXT. ROUEN CASTLE - DAWN
text: Dawn is breaking beyond the distant castle...
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: Cauchon is alone, lost in his thoughts. A young monk runs
dialog: in, out of breath...
speaker_heading: MONK
dialog: My lord Bishop... come quickly...!
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - ROUEN CASTLE - DAY
text: Cauchon and the Monk hurry across the castle courtyard.
text: Aulon sees them pass, anxious at their apparent concern...
scene_heading: INT. DUNGEON - ROUEN CASTLE - DAY
text: Cauchon arrives in Jeanne's dungeon, out of breath. It is
text: full of people: Bedford, his Aide, priests and soldiers.
speaker_heading: BEDFORD
dialog: Ah, Cauchon... come to see for
dialog: yourself? Well, take a look.
text: Beyond them stands Jeanne, her back to us, dressed as a
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: BEDFORD
dialog: You see? Dressed as a man again!
dialog: Her touching repentance didn't last
dialog: very long, did it. The Bishop of
text: Senlis was passing by and was on
dialog: hand to witness her very evident
dialog: relapse.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: And by what miracle did these
dialog: clothes find their way in here?
speaker_heading: BEDFORD
dialog: Not a miracle, my dear Cauchon... an
dialog: evil spell! This girl is a witch,
dialog: and tomorrow she will burn for it!
dialog: (to Buck)
dialog: Have the stake prepared in the
dialog: market place...!
text: Jeanne doesn't say a word. She stands with her back to
text: us, gazing up at the dim crack of light bleeding in
text: through the high window-slit. Bedford exits with the
text: others, leaving Cauchon alone with Jeanne.
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: I don't understand, Jeanne... why
dialog: did you do it? Why?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: And you? Why did you lie? You
dialog: promised I could be confessed...
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: I know, Jeanne... it was the only
dialog: way to save you from the fire!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: It's not my body I want to save.
dialog: It's my soul.
text: Jeanne turns round, and we see that she is strangely calm,
text: as though a great weight had been lifted from her. She
text: kneels before Cauchon...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I ask only one thing... to hear me
dialog: in confession...
speaker_heading: CAUCHON
dialog: I -- I can't Jeanne... I can't hear
dialog: your confession... I'm sorry...
text: He hurries out of the cell. A Guard locks the door behind
text: him, and Jeanne is alone. But not for long. The Man
text: materializes and sits next to her...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Do you really want to confess,
dialog: Jeanne?
dialog: (Jeanne nods)
dialog: I'm listening.
text: He turns his back, as the Priest did in the confessional.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I have committed sins, my Lord -- so
dialog: many sins. As a child, the only way
dialog: I could help my people was to pray.
dialog: So I prayed to God and his saints.
dialog: I prayed more and more, and gave God
dialog: all my love... but isn't it said
dialog: that God helps them who help
dialog: themselves? So I helped myself...
dialog: and I saw signs... the ones I wanted
dialog: to see -- and I fought, out of
dialog: revenge and despair. Yes, I was
dialog: proud -- stubborn -- selfish -- and
dialog: cruel... I was all the things that
dialog: humans believe they are allowed to
dialog: be when they're fighting for a
dialog: cause.
text: The Man smiles a little, satisfied sigh.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You think you are ready now?
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Yes, my lord.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Let's see.
text: As he disappears, she hears a noise... turns round and
text: sees a Guard in the doorway...
text: A beat, then the Guard topples forward to the floor, blood
text: oozing from his mouth. Behind him stands a Priest. He
text: pulls a sword from the Guard's body, then throws back his
text: hood. It is Aulon. He runs to Jeanne and takes her in
dialog: his arms...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne... thank God!
text: He quickly sets about removing her chains from her
dialog: ankle...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: We must hurry -- I took care of the
dialog: guard, but others are coming...!
text: Jeanne gently caresses his hand...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I am ready now...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Just give me a moment and then
dialog: you'll be free...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I'm already free...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: (preoccupied)
dialog: Yes yes... any moment... you're
dialog: always so impatient...
text: Jeanne puts her hand on his to stop him wasting his time.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: My gentle Captain... I'm staying.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: I -- I don't understand...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: One day you will.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: You don't know what you're saying.
dialog: You're going to leave this place,
dialog: Jeanne -- you're going home -- or
dialog: whatever you want -- you're going to
dialog: be happy, and have children, and...
text: She caresses his face with both hands, smiling at him
text: gently. Aulon continues to talk, but his eyes are
text: beginning to brim with tears... he knows it's useless,
dialog: that Jeanne has made her decision...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: ... and maybe the king will give you
dialog: some money, and a little land, and a
dialog: title even...
dialog: (smiling through his
dialog: tears)
dialog: ... wouldn't that be a fine thing?
dialog: You, a lady of title!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I'm staying, Jean.
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: No, you must come, Jeanne -- we need
dialog: you -- so much has happened since
dialog: you left... I have a new horse now,
dialog: a white one, just like yours... and
dialog: La Hire hardly swears at all
dialog: anymore...
dialog: (crying)
dialog: You can't stay -- they'll burn you!
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I'm not afraid of the fire anymore.
dialog: It will purify me...
speaker_heading: AULON
dialog: Jeanne, you can't leave us like
dialog: this!
text: Jeanne smiles at him...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: I am at peace now, my gentle
dialog: friend... at peace with myself.
text: She speaks gently, but with resolution: there is no going
text: back, and Aulon knows it. He hears the distant SOUND of
dialog: soldiers approaching...
text: Aulon takes Jeanne's face in his hands and kisses her on
text: the lips. A full kiss, the only one and the last one, one
text: which Jeanne neither encourages nor resists.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: You must go.
text: She says it gently but urgently. With tears welling,
text: Aulon tears himself from her sight and disappears. Jeanne
text: is left alone, strangely calm and serene. Slowly she
text: raises her finger-tips to her lips... touches them
dialog: softly...
text: The Man emerges from the darkness, carrying an ornate
text: Cross on a long pole, bearing an effigy of the crucified
dialog: Christ.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Ego te absolvo, in nomine Patris, et
dialog: Filii, et Spiritus Sancti, Amen...
text: He stands in front of her, raising the Cross above...
scene_heading: EXT. ROUEN MARKET PLACE - DAY
text: ... Jeanne, who looks up to see the crucifix rising
text: against a clear blue sky, now held aloft by a Priest. She
text: is bound to the stake, her head shaved. At the base of
text: the pyre, the EXECUTIONER sprinkles the faggots with
dialog: oil...
speaker_heading: EXECUTIONER
dialog: Don't worry, it's going to be
dialog: fast... I used plenty of dry wood so
dialog: there'll be lots of smoke... but
dialog: don't forget to breath fast and
dialog: you'll be dizzy before the flames
dialog: even get to you...
text: A great CROWD has assembled in the market place. On a
text: podium is the Duke of Bedford, trying to remain impassive.
text: Beside him, the Duchess can barely contain her emotions.
text: Further along stands Cauchon, his eyes lowered, not
dialog: wanting to see.
text: Still disguised as a monk, Aulon stands close to the pyre,
text: tormented and torn between revenge and despair...
text: Bedford makes a sign to the Executioner, who then takes a
text: torch and sets fire to the brushwood. Flames erupt, and
text: Jeanne's breathing quickens. As thick smoke rises, the
text: Priest begins to cough; his eyes water, and he can no
text: longer hold up the cross to Jeanne's sight. She begins to
text: panic, her eyes wildly searching...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: ... the... cross... show me the
dialog: cross... please...
text: The Priest struggles to hold it up, but the choking smoke
text: drives him back.
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: Where... where are you...?
text: Jeanne is filled with panic... the Priest is bent double
text: with coughing and can get no closer...
speaker_heading: JEANNE
dialog: ... please... the cross!
text: Suddenly Aulon rushes forward, grabs the cross from the
text: Priest and boldly defies the smoke and flames, risking his
text: life as he holds it high for Jeanne...
text: Finally the cross is visible to her, rising above the
text: flames into a clear blue sky. Her anxiety melts, her eyes
text: fill with tears of hope as she gazes up at the cross...
text: As her eyes close, the image of the cross becomes engulfed
text: with flames... until the smoke finally fills the SCREEN,
text: plunging it into darkness...
text: CUT TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
